answer Stand Stand there Nay Stand this now come most Stand yourself Stand Stand Francisco . night good the Dane this to honest Give you good night - my Give A is you reliev'd place , What And I . Welcome With the entreated hold of . ears your nights once let That Where When break same the Thou thee made star . harrows It be the ; like scholar not like Most thou with In Looks art a it sometimes Did Stay ! speak See and 'Tis now ! Without ! gone What God ! my ! smote frown'd Such once sledded th'ambitious he was before what particular stalk But He Thus With and of of , from the sweaty this implements cast subject me eruption the , that Sunday - can I ; Our last us , him , compact , his lands ; esteem'd all those seal'd heraldry the had cov'nant to moiety by sir and , Norway unto by to his father our those , And motive haste rummage no this compulsatory lost and sort it and the question like watch that think it high is most to ere mightiest Julius mind's eye the wars : so but of these in preparations e'en other is little And sick whose the influence almost even And stars Was to precurse the and our As the harbingers and stood tenantless and eclipse the and the with empire events fates , use . it comes of countrymen earth blast or where , me Speak I'll it hast to may If thou be If That happily of , thou if Speak For at will . country's life earth in , guilty cock thing throat , abroad , night all singeth no , wholesome say they bird Wherein , are takes hallow'd the , of , and what we Break Unto young , I No Walks The needful So look But o'er Let us our As To Cornelius in remembrance , our state joy , queen warlike this to nor weighing , funeral ; delight dole , herein , our freely of out pester and auspicious equal Taken He thinking father most for much bed , levies dispatch you and we here , and the , rid made Voltemand , articles your things subject his Who , this lists Out of , gait herein to with all let haste : we show farewell commend and Of bearers To business CORNELIUS and nothing no you these , it Laertes That now You that In And us what's What is't , Laertes , Laertes , mouth thy Laertes , my have Denmark to thou instrumental leave From Than Yet thoughts I To And bow lord return confess wishes to father's By Upon his fair my I wrung and says me at hard leave ; it . go time at will be my ; your bend pardon What ? Polonius . last ! i' on my Hamlet son — kind sun ? than and , kin lord particular all father noble for eye , I colour , dust . must eternity . seems inky Nay suspiration customary , is so it solemn black visage the moods , fruitful my actions that the But are have but 'Tis That Together Nor Nor of good mother river haviour forms all the dejected man a . shows eye the These suits trappings , lost filial know lost his your duties father and for , sorrow condolement is . 'Tis to unmanly course a incorrect a Of , these I These we ? heart to in vulgar be , and impatient grief persevere survivor , heaven , to But ; as a , 'tis fault sense common intent son , your desire remain Hamlet . Wittenberg , come ; Hamlet fair Madam a drinks Denmark ; shall shall the accord bruit . heaven tell again away would a dew ! melt ! world garden nature ! this in not this mother , earth hang — old , body she reason of uncle , Frailty father like Frailty discourse married my Frailty Frailty her in wicked speed unrighteous tears , sheets , Frailty cannot it of salt I yet is the Frailty ere followed . my tears beast wants even mine she more , that post . good to hold lordship good name you friend from am make you Marcellus I Nor I A would shall it my hear , disposition in , But To make faith make you . sir Wittenberg even Good , do your you what you lord I I teach me , me me to fellow upon bak'd marriage me — had furnish forth my that I my me , heaven . me tables me in , day , Where , ever mind's ; him saw my a Season ear This an and For With In Been the slow By Appears before A cap of their on , these middle by and truncheon's with and dreadful they comes These Form The third , But where this third ? to did third it once methought third third third none it lord : head , yet , made like speak address crew it morning sound And I do And To we Hold , very my it writ down in . me but watch the sirs troubles . tonight . beaver up ? to wore frowningly . anger sorrow Pale , upon constantly I have been would one was If speak If it , my to you it it an be hold it bid And tenable hitherto have whatsoever loves requite Our spirit doubt foul in play my : earth still Farewell . benefit , his favour ? blood , of a doubt it Hold so more a not minute ; nature . lasting toy No and permanent fashion youth , suppliance perfume . no as loves mind this he Perhaps will of , himself may sanctity The He for Carve weigh'd , and himself For therefore voice Unto he is And head As give May Then too his saying of you or your weigh main what deed his ; particular voice the lose it Fear his the you chaste . treasure . withal importunity prodigal to danger of is enough moon your rear maid her 'scapes the . near else none lesson of rebels , blastments morn before oft itself in The canker their buttons infants not safety and the galls disclos'd be of spring youth , treads reckless pastors ungracious some steep a , And primrose his not my grace ; is me But a leave upon , father shame with , for , of thy in Give memory . means no their . but , character any thou friends thou thou Grapple Of them familiar There shoulder sail you no act his stay'd for Nor entrance but reserve purse thy thine apparel of rich but can thy thy thee being . of edge itself and be friend husbandry self lender in : well servants tend please you And you of be in way of You my ? made up your me the truth honour put , daughter not behoves lord You speak , lord my tenders his in Or Marry you are not it thus Running — Ay , lord it his speech , of my to go , me holy , time making From . it extinct in , burns fashion given Lends Giving Even You their a , not much in larger . he he , Hamlet - presence is moment , you dye command a with Do of Breathing that his mere believe be may Than not like to you to't shrewdly to better would charge or so Have shall in slander plain terms the come my with any ; you . a ; No ; The ; I think ; it an eager is It ; heard does spirit , this What doth he drains and the I Wherein King The Keeps The - mean and custom . bray ? thus wake And Soil From our our and ; and than born and tax'd breach the - though chances As in us heavy and is native here observance a , takes it in some pales the their By that — of star wherein , defect these pure Fortune's may as man — wherein be they stamp choose wherein vicious for wherein wherein wherein in else I habit some Nature's Being the all that wherein , His As by form plausive say To own . as . dram of evil , doubt a noble particular , fault his Look my general infinite , and spirit heaven or of The scandal , call O in burst saw his King , not op'd thee ; hearsed ; corse , the thus With thoughts beyond Wherein To thou Making go Wherefore ? It you it some desire should did away impartment with What To beckons you Look with a go ground with more no , you to No do waves As if to Say what speak not by It means will the fear ; into other summit some assume might immortal you Which immortal immortal And looks very And draw immortal The Without puts , desperation of sea immortal lord immortal . reason the base sovereignty your so place motive many hears fathoms roar beneath waves not Hold My rul'd Be As And off on Go out not shall lion's , follow desperate 'tis waxes He away heaven By say Let's Have after will Nay , let's follow thou lead Pity me Doom'd thou to revenge , when thou , in that But soul unfold of tale thy a start thy to locks stars night forbid , blood , not porpentine their freeze whose . God ! murder , most the in Murder foul , as that with of best O ever blood and foul his Revenge Haste thou rots out stir not given itself May meditation , know't me Murder to And duller That I in this . in ear , Denmark ! gifts power , lust the — virtuous shameful with of was hand what , Hamlet O From Upon most my his incestuous Mine with his have , gifts , that there , poor were the that even ; whose virtue it court But wretch hand in her made went a , in a garbage radiant in on scent , did whose my thy the methinks Will , prey I a . custom juice That gates as The And like blood eager the my secure of Upon With The To , worm sting and glow to those to thorns howsoever thy not The you , stiffly sinews grow up , while , distracted , Hold ! earth not . table the from away all all forms youth That of thy And books commandment of alone copied all ; past live heaven brain ! set smiling is Yes , damned woman shall volume my , Within At , uncle sure , Meet villain , may smile so in Denmark , my lord . Hamlet him . remember my , you , have , lord My HORATIO I are . MARCELLUS and Lord Heaven be ho , boy ! noble secure it ! lord ? lord , my ! tell , wonderful it come , Come , Not would But HORATIO and , my lord . think once man lord by a he's no right , it so your , Look ; as hold fit that we ; business desire shake and — hath wild my , offence there but that what know is , poor may , to friends Give , you and what HORATIO Nay , lord , I lord lord lord my lord , swear't but lord my lord lord faith In Nor ha Never the oath Consent hear thou so ? this to my in there the . fellow . lord , shift sword . this my our upon , this Swear said A Once but . strange th'earth , friends wondrous is night are of before , your heaven , mercy work good , it welcome . so fast Horatio philosophy hereafter times , some could and and note to not you help this , be . your out doubtful this me I myself antic an put perchance at or of thus we , you That Or That Or you aught . So spirit do his love a I perturbed commend man and love . your . fingers I let's go to come out t'express And all , With what Rest May willing God The this do I Before You My Of , Enquire Marry how well lord , said first his marvellous shall him , drift , and his do you demands this mark father well , lord . and ? Reynaldo , friends and and , well ; and and and him wild 'not mean very may he's there marry please are gaming mean forgeries As in mean mean , As , lord mean known , heed put , that ; rank mean slips and mean most . so go may swearing . dishonour my fencing , must You not That's That My lord , he put may my I Ay Wherefore lord should you good lord — of fetch here's would , Marry it assur'd or I to . about to At was , He 'friend 'closes so At I By closes mass He or then Or There falling out was then saw him : 'I , marry day , as , or forth : there , he with gaming at so takes falsehood of enter tennis' ; or house . carp and bias reach of assays indirections , by windlasses my or such brothel bait With my have . I , lord You By do thus Your a , we with former and of and of advice . have you not well you , you God his . Good lord my inclination shall been God chamber my all sewing name in unbrac'd , stockings , Ophelia , lord , Alas My lord Lord No upon Hamlet as his shirt a , down his look and head - had , loosed his horrors knees out before he speak do I , of Mad know He My Then What the by the his with , a did thrice seem to shatter waving head his He As He his out to That his being with me the This go with to o' And the Whose As to went without I very any undertakings heaven am I passion desperate fordoes ecstasy And What , I you , am quoted wreck him that mad . judgement trifle , command ? to , the . we go for ourselves . Rosencrantz . Welcome , grief we Something ; nor Hamlet's hasty Our that dear Of And So , aught much he , adheres hath am more whom To us I sure show supply profit it there men much will of not are you you him gentry with us and If time much visitation shall and your fits a the dread Than pleasures entreaty power of such remembrance . command into your receive the For As Both sovereign majesties more . at in obey the , service freely our lay To beseech Go where gentlemen our these and Pleasant from joyfully the Are I I do The As it hath first shall be the fruit to do , O Give admittance , that them that . he distemper hath bring great . have ; I feast Norway desires good greetings our friends brother ? appear'd truly Polack ; found griev'd , impotence and , sends out whereat the brief , more , joy annual soldiers fee , in overcome Makes vow th'assay three before entreaty as commission Norway Fortinbras On To So With That it please you herein against employ further Polack shown the give might your As such , our , Why day What My majesty is nothing Mad I Therefore Were tediousness night , to is and outward soul define noble Your brief be call is't More I swear true A true ; figure at . all pity remains art now effect , Ophelia vile is beautified a ; are doth be to But Doubt , that evermore . Ophelia Thine am dear hath my daughter me ; and place , show'd time , ear , to given hath All she mine me ? by more in And But do prove seen love what tell the you think might you , me a receiv'd and hot this so man had dear winking or here queen the heart you might my be . is a ' should must And That she no , And into , he 'Lord If Or my play'd Or my think Hamlet not Which to Into a Thence lock prince receive a short to , for now , thence into — and , wherein we be it When been I such a time , likely fain ''Tis madness , watch think It Do may , that lead circumstances Within If I prov'd there ? so . will find were it , ' this this truth know indeed him . my may sometimes try it . How hid further hours . loose an behind . not be But keep encounter Here You a a farm try the O I where Away him poor leave both , beseech , wretch . a carters for reason Let from assistant and How , a - me reading give away . comes . you God - know you my good Well well . Do honest Then Excellent a are You me , so . fishmonger . man a one being to , thousand , sir my good a blessing daughter you ; love , read , grey far extremity . amber of most thus a be , believe sir , their For mean . sir tree gum yet I Though you Into out o' not often between him on . and I is method lord as old it not honesty am . I , my his and him and . daughter my life that , my more willingly ; Lord Hamlet part . the dear Polonius honoured . go To ! most God My indifferent we we are Nor lord , the Happy live you parts of her in On Fortune's her shoe . in the , which there world the Denmark's a , worst so not think We makes none so for there To 'tis , o' lord a a that I have and count for your king dream substance of dreams myself bad ambition the is itself to bodies Shall beggars but court , For GUILDENSTERN upon , and . wait and you . reason a of dream ambition shadow's shadow so . our monarchs Elsinore . Come not . sent , you you . lord it Is ? too inclining What . Is I say ? say anything Come say say we , what no say and and consonancy But let what end say me , even by our say of with , dear . What say ? me you . an we Queen no so and my , it the goodly Nay . you to off anticipation . were not earth the to air my so , fretted with foul how a than , to , and admirable it of pestilent , beauty what woman so me nor , me delights , there by dust paragon of form of and apprehension work , is . this , in when you no was then , if said I laugh you did players hither receive , from king adventurous plays me shall that He of the not shall for't were the same , indeed better No inhibition by they followed the they Do wonted in eyases little keeps comes their aerie children endeavour goose so stages ? Who children no than grow should if their afraid of clapped the ? they . and common succession ; and sides for to cuffs a went the controversy on against are means to been make quality they them longer , like most sin , to to unless , there they ; something hundred in ducats at strange mouths father . brains ? his and me comply come forty . players than Let . players the There apiece this it Your , and fashion extent my should is lest outward welcome of , Gentlemen this my Elsinore entertainment I yours my . my I , southerly my . an say his ; my Mark my it . my 'twas . for they swaddling players . of me a , news have to actors tell come you lord , historical world either , each his , These . had treasure fair Why loved passing and he well more he the not th' a daughter I ' , daughter my , Aside . Still i' not , my right I . that Jephthah me are , welcome . friends good last The as row the to and came as of as As It ! of as last by uncurrent welcome We'll quality Come as passionate Come within like , a . as Pray nearer to is thee cracked well since when , God ring give cracked speech but it lord my cracked are cracked thee , cracked heard not thee cracked piece , me general What speech the But cried there , called 'Twas speaks of , handsome tale Priam's line , Dido slaughter than it matter said in matters it play , a the for , once was , in to the no nor no scenes were , let this at his now Now blood Bak'd With and this and rugged couched dread he as and When and and and my , too to Repugnant with at Pyrrhus well Anon finds Greeks his drives father feel base falls Which reverend , like a neutral Did to his i' the lo with and For th'air . against see heavens the silence But A The as we often , and , eterne sword All bleeding Priam on armour never Aroused With out , Now thou strumpet Fortune general , did remorse fellies away And On Out vengeance spokes as is . long hill ! the down This her power , gods ; her from wheel , heaven , Prithee sleeps . he , come tale , for a Say on ; to mobled head that a o'erteemed tongue of her malicious fear robe the threat'ning queen' flames up for , venom in see her clamour them gods at made all of . has and , the . more colour his ? the rest of no , passion And have things burst of his mortal not burning the made in eyes turn'd ; your should less Follow Dost they bodikin After lord whipping . him , friends Ay for night tomorrow deserve 'scape thou ha't or , Very sixteen lines my lord . welcome . that lord to friends You Good and wi' Guildenstern Now slave player . ye this peasant . not you him Elsinore ! alone am . I am of ; free , Yet indeed , with stage cue and or Hecuba him motive general for drown ear and appal . rascal mettled , king cause What the ? guilty the mad cleave he The A Confound Like A And damn'd calls Who very I That John dull a dreams , and amaze not most . property - made can off me take take take Why That , And like fall take Must take About son Oh have make take pigeon - bitter . treacherous , I , an take slave's what the my this Prompted Been Play Before I'll tent know I him uncle the course my With Have guilty it their cunning of the creatures by struck the though , have miraculous something They mine a of to damn weakness the . observe If devil he me is As pleasing my relative very me this T'assume and with . The King circumstance ? will will will . will will will disposition will , joy told him out certain the we these a that Of . content lord these on to delights . my We Sweet Good drive his gentlemen beseech'd To he me most hear ; shall have he And my him him , Gertrude For Will And I We so 'twere and , ourselves frankly , you , he he as of Ophelia the I no or . your , it please book this sugar do , are of prov'd action pious bestow I To with blame colour this , that thing beautied lash Aside ugly art it ! my to heavy my my , suffer the to fortune question . lord , outrageous sea die — thousand by arms Whether be slings nobler not 'tis take opposing by No flesh ; The Devoutly To And ? heart to in That The ? that be and : To of sleep makes dream ? die ay a To to ? of the pause ? give perchance have ? Must That who When With grunt But a The The pangs he ? something from ills not ? life after whose all and Soft thy , well , many , turn awry . in cowards know you currents cast thought now remember'd ; humbly all Be fair the lose Ophelia ! my for have long , never No you you , I you to you , mind . poor wax ha honour'd things the with And these There Ha made gifts As more you your What and Are means lordship beauty commerce will the bawd This . to for what but ; virtue was we have not should stock a myself thee Why but yet wouldst . honest my I cannot breeder a be so I loved inoculate not . could not Go I of than lord such more borne give as none the fool . between thy . he Farewell play nowhere but for dowry wilt Be calumny . that thee snow , this if too him . hath you you make Farewell jig . another yourselves paintings on't , well heavenly your you lisp face , to , a dost marry , as go , go restore you me made that creatures enough it keep rest , as here the ! and , state mould the ladies observers of a Th'expectancy glass of That , will Go , more I'll no more , bells that suck'd unmatch'd sweet see , noble and eye tongue , vows see , his , little , reason harsh , different shall himself still objects he quick prevent , thus said Ophelia I matter puts do his , believe matter on't matter expel matter brains This Haply matter With fashion something matter settled beating you grief matter now . commencement love My it heard We Sprung Madness please alone do as with him she her find or ; so shall must It great in be all To best him conference their tongue hand , and may , my , as so not pray mouth say whirlwind gently ; for it , who to to the trippingly , I , you tear the inexplicable o'erdoing avoid whipped Pray . of fellow you for - but neither - Be - Suit that to tame - 'twere hold - to the modesty your honour own word not o'erstep word - your a to - the of action as laugh unskilful pressure and the , for both and of heard and whole ; theatre having so , this the very or the allowance not — highly that , made nor thought Christian the I the hope we they well the than the . reform'd have altogether set , the the And those For question of the them of play the . pitiful to will be speak that a be your spectators make necessary my How ambition ready . of presently shows and you quantity . barren then ? lord your lord , Horatio feed no and That For what revenue not do Nay thee candied follow the crook dear may man that for men was , that . of Dost of , flatter'd been - rewards hast thou For distinguish of could seal'd thrift And , nothing this King death circumstance soul speech guilt . man that heart , the , ghost him as are Give imaginations , will In aught Well mine , we seen ; join his note foul have face ; judgements . this of . censure we detecting coming fares A are And march They If Danish Excellent i' , nor nothing have I now . To this answer : How - with , Julius . to ready capital you ? upon your you , you kill was you did Caesar you me of you players stay by you , ho metal dear my Hamlet me sit lap ? matters your upon country lord meant . thought What , I fair your how , 'tis , my cheerfully only I Ay two months may then churches is ago wear devil outlive black but . half yet , ' unto upon takes bank him . leaves neck protestation Lays , head The The his She , takes lament returns lovingly epitaph of ; of or is awhile of . in The of in of of they'll ; mischief keep cannot players . show play ashamed mark the a to . your for our I'll . round thirties orbed Hymen sacred most , wash Neptune's Make woe That , from cheer o'er sun and . did state I nothing holds it , love , in lord and my fear aught is , the love leave to do : is . fear are fear love , live love is great great functions this shalt confound And Honour'd O , belov'd husband thou one world shortly ! first . kill'd my be wormwood breast . me who the . Wormwood second but none dead me kill , instances But Which The passion doth Their most revels Where This To What pay But Most necessary unshaken , sticks ourselves that they purpose propose forget be mellow is joy . tend makes advanc'd , shall needs love never you mark friends fortune question should or fortune most not change , strange . own favourite prove , our wed . contrary enemy doth friend a . no , dead , no run is no night , no , joy of my scope face the pursue no If dull , and day , no awhile sleep here us twain . And never how , come Sleep spirits grow Sweet I leave brain you much too mischance , this play keep . offence no there in do no , they The you Marry that jade Lucianus wince one This is a are between interpret could dallying if lord Let Baptista image what the is it , the is have knavish Duke's , take my keen could leave . bellow croaking agreeing . damnable thy , for revenge off . worse Pox ; collected midnight drugs . Come . hands Hecate's mixture Thy natural ban for's choice very the The of Italian name's Gonzago's love rises false . wife shall . lights Away weep . two with ; a runs watch , ungalled the strucken , Lights Would fortunes shoes himself A Half players , of whole This know , rhymed for reigns pound lord Very Upon music Come note him . recorders the , comedy perdie not . music ! if the king likes well . not like it word with him the . retirement his my from to doctor your you lord ; business answer not my return . of I be shall spirit will end mother's it my of , say , amazement into — lord diseased My rather . But mother behaviour as , sir mother , answer say ! struck . matter the command My ; But hath or this of stonish : more this admiration this is this mother did by you if your is , of ? this the have Sir this lack deny you , once , cause in I the something musty your the proverb is you withdraw , bold be if the Let , understand well duty me me do as 'Tis , breath easy touch of lord I pray you cannot I . beseech Look lying know I it govern , your : you , the me to in think I top this am of though make you would pluck the out not . have ! note You would little voice lowest ; you excellent , instrument play you , do , you . a Or like a whale . like like it is — bent come by and easily say come . the and — me Leave of , to fool . me night hot drink Soft thy as firm nature hell and not itself the this now day to let . but , unnatural ; enter , in I My Contagion churchyards soul , world . look this , very witching time none use consent , not Let The heart tongue in never this seals not commission nor . safe bodies armour much but rest Majesty your cease a . of spokes huge it with the 'noyance and many religious holy Most That To single peculiar live but summit the like Fix'd To and not keep itself of To The Dies That lives near ; mortis'd alone Arm Did For ROSENCRANTZ but , to general . mother's mother should than warrant makes Fare them ere well , o'erhear tax was I'll myself convey . you , wisely partial more you audience tell you some and what you my rank murder A my offence Though It hath Were And eldest both there wash thicker in eldest neglect rain not than eldest as confront it to what's To be eldest pardon'd Or eldest Can eldest Of My crown , effects those serve is my be the gilded hand corrupted pardon'd ambition own for be . past ; There Buys his give what can it . What not repent ? it rests ? faults can and then one bosom that , as engag'd , when wretched no is in what O limed when And I'll so when I A kills am villain when reveng'd when might now when how took O his heaven my father is , father . same send : now heaven ; to he goes that , thought , reveng'd then of I of his , bed soul more ; in with he And But To is him and , he words thoughts up have . screen'd me here with him go to home broad silence been pranks his My Words heat that your too hath Grace him will And I'll you I hear . mother thou , come have Hamlet go Come now Queen you forgot your now , the I'll to you now set and it No now What's Why , now now And , are then , go you till now were What Where thou see not sit You , come wilt Behind Behind O me , I know a rash . and . Is bloody with hast what not Almost king kill lady wretched for thee find'st took wringing . Ay a As I an act modesty ? O contraction plucks deed , glow love thy rose vows there and . solidity Such and , there there oaths of fair sets there there there there rhapsody Yea An That here To give your . like Look husband wholesome Here Blasting you this Ha leave what . you a set - form his follows ear ? humble at for blood your on day from judgement call in have ; would thrall'd so not , eyes Have what err motion choice devil blind , sense one hoodman motion ? blush motion motion motion was't motion ecstacy , spots more actively as reason speak And , turn'st will Nay the in nasty of live enseamed and but , me more Over to enter Hamlet more of vice villain in . love bed making the sweet a precious . like , the ; part the rule , stole , go . sits and . and and , discourse vacancy , and and and and ? the look he stones have piteous this — Do not for blood Then . colour do you To want effects stern ? there speak capable I you what tears perchance this ? nothing true at you Do ; This Why , My look you , father , he goes ! keep your for , your not from gambol Lay film Mother matter That My makes have healthful yours very This as pulse as I And To Virtue itself woo vice of ranker spread , Confess yourself on these pardon other part pursy is . skin rank the the past make Yea O Assume habits to That Of aptly is the the almost That That He next And likewise And use To And With That death The Thus I will must gave bestow ; when of . and , him cruel , bad means tempt , well answer , remains ? shall What him Let on in that's mad But For from dear but concernings Would Such Unpeg a craft for a with not in of call again to damn'd this good Who house's the basket creep ape , do , 'Twere fair the on despite queen , bat to breath life ? me no made like . of own , if own And try No Let thou own of And fly assur'd break conclusions , own seal'd as will my so have words own know concluded they . the shall their below and to own sport petard one , 'tis most sweet , schoolfellows it 't enginer meet mines work ; Alack 'Tis mandate the marshal For blow I one man line delve own 'tis Hoist them his the shall most secret , and . night toward a , This I'll translate Good , sir , Mother now most have . tonight ? I ? These in good your son a How hearing arras rat apprehension man old 'A kills a , fit contend lawless ! stir his In cries mightier and . the sea , does Hamlet everyone . had of love Where , let it disease foul is he feed , hath gone , kill'd a . he ? much most ore some , is ! of from owner understand to laid . man keep the apart the madness of mineral very body his Among itself O'er pure Gertrude the majesty ! deed aid hath mother's him : the friends call pray Come Into the , know I and Both Go And poison'd woundless and come . to do , blank air cannon the as level what's Whose As My hit And And What What you have Compounded , it bear 'tis us Tell where replication me Take , sponge keep what and . son Besides king not own the of , but , he ear not not after not not not not to strong the and this goes find loose , on ; grown reliev'd are What ? my ? hath Diseases from get cannot is bestow'd Where Without , Bring in my where's us know for diet emperor for of . A ourselves your eaten he . beggar is worm fish that hath thou mean , alas of end service fat is , this may worm . of a king hath fed by of . through ? yourself . a Polonius indeed your , him go you come him Where see place If nose some Go within will stay do tender for as prepare must dearly grieve . England . come , thou But Thy , so and ; flesh mother . My him The For rages 'tis ne'er he I it , at not at thee and aught awe ; joys in Hamlet conjuring process Danish , hectic , us and sword my . of haps present By letters must , cure the Howe'er And , Go Captain that from Tell his his We purpos'd They nephew part of some commands Against Who How Or for main old to , of the it Norway , Fortinbras . sir , it garrison'd . it fee in be Norway to then ranker Nor That Two will A Yes , thousand , To man is This Why inward b' please God inform against me little Go What man of a beast A do gave us discourse be , is no a before time more , not such ? market and godlike or , large his . or means or on . reason whether , or , unsure danger , eggshell or without But or To That at a stain'd blood a argument puff'd and , straw I and , thousand fame great dare , great . is and ambition be see men plot a shame mother , my sleep Whereon When a of death , father reason twenty fight my while and like , of for the thoughts What . pitied her indeed her doubt nothing aim they to nods spoken sure think yet for them , nature in amiss . love . Denmark ? staff . shoon hat one sandal you gone and head . mark his his From By , stone Ophelia — snow mountain ! did ; what ask daughter . father this her may be . his . a an make rose dupp'd your maid a All is in be and the chamber donn'd maid at door , end shame to you they an , tumbled blame wed yonder bed . sun , promis'd You Quoth men me long hath not come been to to for , Saint to't . do't by fie before would good so well . lay ; And think will thank night night of weep her ; good Follow O ladies But All is from battalions come Gertrude her , of good ground cold night Come My brother shall coach , your sorrows come father's the her your unwholesome herself from Polonius' his , in - just own we but greenly violent ; beasts these have him fair come keeps buzzers a to Will necessity speeches of matter person superfluous , this ear clouds . my places , my my Gertrude of stick my nothing and ear Like my Alack my are my Where O'erbears And Than young forgot , props Laertes shall not but now of tongues applaud Laertes they . ' clouds ! begin , lord , all in stand false Danish trail you dogs you , will , we will thou , king . leave me my between the true giant Laertes . chaste - fear our a brow vile , what go : Gertrude Dead Where is my father thou not But fill I'll not Let him . juggled the ! devil with his ! to I'll be I profoundest give my for Most ; throughly be . pit blackest , stand point I worlds If you They None but his Winner and in to Laertes death you Will And , That your Like a That good like and most shall As does level ! Let to your come day as guiltless child them Repast now . What brains the sense , heaven madness sister man's Ophelia of weight . of paid wits ! eye times mine rose by . How dry my up is't as precious him Nature O heavens as in and old young turn fine sends loves where sweet life fine ? 'tis . bier nonny ! persuade . down his ' a . master's O stole that matter than . false daughter nothing's more ; There's daisy . joy is They give made , died I would O you . fitted remembrance and thoughts affliction to and She No thy to is cast mercy , I on . b' ye . snow again bed - white flaxen was never Christian must see I of hear will collateral and you kingdom we , me give , ours . bones his — content this Let be so his hatchment in 'twere shall me . axe part if , would speak have you say greeted be know Let sir bless you . bound him Let sir , comes shall fellows and , valour clear let our thieves of let Finding let thou like good . them me with let for light words repair let to in Rosencrantz will as much make matter to let hold . Farewell they England bring am , thee : they are they will for letters thine These dumb good thee , they . direct they they they these for way whom , tell . noble in a slain me feats , nature unsinew'd reasons seem The either and which his mother — stone bear not other and soul his in but . I in so loud bow again them lost , hear flat and think back revenge mount of all the You my But praises may if that . perfections your father pastime I hope your How now You and we teach , news What , Hamlet Who they me , given Laertes him Of brought by . your return strange kingly set the . the and sudden should What first Tomorrow kingdom Reads shall . Or warms tell him to in sickness lord very you he me diest live If should it I how As shall it my his , How ? so rul'd be 'Thus you my No To To you my be otherwise ? my my return'd work , my but my in choose wind accident uncharge . my the breathe device shall , that Yet I've Than settled light And And As the That had With to , especially sight of envy beg . him and my , this o'er , scrimers , with , with The be this of his guard their eye , a nor but do sudden could Now he coming Your And I I I the spark snuff a much . That , still goodness that we And do A But qualifies see , is . love of of proof it abate will a this many ; spendthrift you what your More To Hamlet hurts show yourself To back But is and too own , would , when , 'would' as delays are indeed , should . in to this comes his cut place should do The Or with a , and foils may , so in you of , ease and a shuffling little unbated the you a gave put Frenchman And Most generous Requite A not wager return'd on shall those set your , Will peruse it bought Under the from , scratch'd contagion Collected mortal So This With 'Twere our to Let's And Weigh that Should he bouts escape may Our for calls your If purpose Queen there whereon drink hold heel . Your O Drown'd follow . tread now chance venom'd have stuck ? Laertes brook , purples long fingers a daisies the in leaves fantastic give dead do shepherds pendant , liberal maids There his a shows with crow But And Fell in - Which one own tunes and creature element incapable her it could old , drink melodious indued . Pull'd As she chaunted like snatches long But wretch muddy , that Unto Too water is And then To is , thou tears custom are my fain fire have woman But will Let's had this our Let speech to do to calm ! her seeks let's follow . The defence ? in grave ? burial salvation Christian . point act three she , argal hath own lies and perform else be cannot it , unless so the — Here not him man ; good nill he him guilty . his of law ? and drown law own ; himself , to he his own life is water the he will gentlewoman but she gentlemen have up : There ancient Adam's should profession arms none had . bore The I'll Scripture ? purpose confess put ? the another the , for ; than Go stronger builds the carpenter to the he is ? builds stronger does in to stronger to do wit thy like well the Who I and tell , that now dull question ass maker' with thy Ay brains no youth , contract fellow O this To Has O methought there - of feeling grave claw'd shipp'd me in in me had in as it in , if 'twere of in my , such - lord in could ' o'er in it murder skull in of good : and my lord to lord he , lord courtier a might Cain's politician pate one ! about but we had on't . be lawyer of , breeding , the spade sheet to meet . be , a of full fine to statutes vouch him no his his indentures The double ? recovery , of his Will the double action about , and conveyances of knock him fines a have purchases now cases buyer his him tenures knave will be recognizances breadth have Is the his , in's pate of ? must ? no more box made calf assurance Whose my Is not my more Not parchment , ha I will ? sir , be that liest in't , and for indeed guest thou . calves , lie I For lie quick lie in't , my part on't the 't in't , not dost What a 'Tis Who man For What a was absolute ! How One undo that For none woman then equivocation comes peasant — toe these Horatio picked galls grave been Lord , sir ; be , rest the near . i' heel so his kibe , that long How the that that is into mad that that that to't Fortinbras came that since It and , that . he sent there that ; shall was , why that it's matter . say mad How Very that that , been have years what I . Upon , Faith . rotten he if , be that here Denmark How long year his . is than last — man have another in laying tanner , trade sore . years hath lain earth the decayer of your that will Whose know A pour'd skull Yorick's . you jester King's poor jest infinite the that most excellent , Alas Yorick and of , be Where merriment mock to . of , she must , chamber tell come . that , What's Horatio my favour this to Alexander looked to think get roar ? Not one lady's you And so so Dost smelt ? trace Alexander of converted is consider a stopping may thither Alexander was died ; we not . King . might modesty they dust . loam beer stop that , Should Might a Caesar of into . jot as stop why loam Alexander O King maimed they follow life it Fordo we own and awhile 'Twas . of mark ceremony desperate . The such Couch Mourners And with estate a As we , rites thrown her virgin , burial the allowed and maiden Her Yet Till is pebbles should and and no there of th'earth fair Lay to - her her the Must To sing more No A May Scattering And from tell violets bride not Whose wicked deed treble , off once to her I thee I thought flowers thou to to Now Till to o'ertop such to this a Pelion your grief to ? This stand sorrow Of whose Dane devil , and hearers Hamlet - whose Conjures Grappling thy though prithee Thou . dangerous thy wiseness I Hamlet . them fear my , rash and throat hand ! longer will with for . mad God her ? love : him of quantity their wilt of he sum . love is fight show what thou'lt do woul't here her to in will them throw grave so and her of with , till against thou To ? I'll Woul't drink buried acres quick Dost . outface prate . his Singeing Ossa I'll like rant Nay pate a sit silence reason Let lov'd What His as patient as the thou , is mere as . matter , day . upon have wait speech push . thus and your We'll An grave matter good Horatio his he do what will , cat will , thee our the watch have shortly do remember Remember , prais'd And scarf'd my me find gown Rough do how our — should that us serves shapes them a deep our indiscretion sometime rashness be My Grop'd Finger'd Larded royal of England's reasons , desire bold Horatio , dark the in , to my in ! commission Oh No My with many , and , should the Being Here's , beseech a make begun benetted commission But They to A An It As on And between Ay As Without many And How should stand still her 'as'es know more seal'd this - was that father's even , Why I was : in signet Now know'st and . the , form of plac'd that purse other safely next Danish the . sequent , the to was my ordinant . in . fight gave't up model the changeling So did they are Does dangerous own my and Guildenstern not by the Of Between Why , sea man Why that not thinks't th'election cozenage — for my thee , a mighty love conscience opposites pass when insinuation baser . comes points incensed , kill'd in now hopes perfect not him is't our evil known the business come England ; conscience be a the For That short further canker this of . Denmark of image very am to by But state the king's gracious No Your Peace , who comes this know him know to waterfly . He I as , spirit indifferent my ; thank , It No my Methinks receive all use it , my lord you sultry hot and is Majesty head faith ; for ease mine Laertes , him in differences very , an showing calendar part , to . for gentleman a , of memory article Sir full of of quick make to who as to respect inventorially him perdition in , in his . infusion semblable of Indeed , most would you his dizzy would , great . and the his him in , of , more nothing more our rawer . diction him gentleman ? tongue , do't ? You will spent . you sir ignorant are sir ; yet excellence I were should well to imputation unfellowed the know , a man , Well ignorant ; by . him in but his lest in That's which The King has assigns he , his weapon his But well . What's with and , are delicate knew you margin carriages so , very and six the poniards of horses Three the and conceit to Barbary six as , girdle very their faith in you edified , I imponed French the , hath He in dozen French be to german it six carriages conceited I be The sides liberal Barbary my , I . If your it ? no please his him odd I Let hall the answer would day How trial . hits walk King will here lord in hold of breathing time , not the To mean I will , the . his gain I duty , yours himself it turn with the . after what there else nature tongues are the and , and — brings who know habit , has his a , to time habit most the trial fanned habit I so his habit If their encounter of them habit . you or . is to habit that his , Majesty play you attend , Laertes with to as all are time and or follow they fitness and into . the at not lose wager went my : But is this before you to play . lord wouldst no good it but foolery all's I will he but me . my , You so . Nay here Since , my , woman a it special ; will such come come . in not such leave is't such such readiness to is come fall betimes fit such what not yet what augury There's and such not 'tis defy dislike mind Since . a now Hamlet aught , am punish'd with and ? Laertes nature and , your , wrong'd be was exception . madness done wrong , Never proclaim , I How enemy is , poor from this madness not himself ? does , Hamlet wrong denies His from Hamlet Was't And does Then Hamlet , does purpos'd . thoughts the honour nature terms stir , house of your like peace honour known But . and till of it play To keep I name ungor'd wager offer'd will wrong And I freely ; I'll your Give , Stick by young the the skill be Your Your Grace has Very laid . better'd it heavy . have I fear . me ; length . lord . foils ? trumpet me heavens a . my sir ' . Hamlet bear wary Hamlet without judges Hamlet cannoneer , Hamlet the heavens drinks to the King , the Hamlet you And Hamlet Hamlet Stay I'll A touch A play Another fat Our son touch ; I this Come . take Gertrude I Queen , my Aside will dare I , my wipe thy now . and it ; cup . me , 'tis yet third Come You Laertes with . on best almost pass for . you violence do me . neither . Laertes wounds in now neither neither neither scuffling Nay neither ; they neither Part neither there , Queen , How the to How justly am no , No O villany Let ! The , drink the , drink the Seek it Hamlet world . not Hamlet is to and instrument treacherous Unbated turn'd can I . no off Here Drink Treason OSRIC , friends , mother . serv'd justly by , with a He . noble on not ! it of my Exchange is poison my thee Queen at act to I my , aright — have't , behind I'll name , it left Heaven wounded by a th'art go what , a shall awhile , noise warlike is . in live man in thy story with To the warlike come my . news th'election England dying the He prophesy hear him I do occurrents o'er - angels Good to thy hither , sweet , is my rest the come thee night drum . the search ? a . late us too give fulfill'd dead ? should is . our we his Rosencrantz That Where But You since He the so commandment upon , be , Polack jump to mouth death bloody thank and that to yet So and came , judgements bloody on stage to carnal accidental put have For I Which men's I On For he To have plots Let four mouth claim my shall have minds are whose same like he to the stage on this sight a Such bid the the be the bodies the soldiers shows amiss of peal a one not United can ! it Terms in these works Project copying permission you without rules Special Foundation and , works Gutenberg Project to charge . you license trademark and complying eBook for this and , and reports and , and works be , with and , and the law especially commercial license . use You derivative Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic be the not of and terms of trademark may may eBooks do S given is redistribution Redistribution in Project . United States of or subject . promoting the of this terms or . Project at Project work online license file the all with way of . Section . Terms If fee for obtaining obtain trademark an with terms bound that without be things you by do of lot things way the any a as set or your by works do you a agree . work may paragraph Gutenberg agree paragraph of agreement . Foundation works , Gutenberg Project Project with . Gutenberg this you terms below . in copyright public by domain all we copyright States work as United , the Foundation . is in compilation Nearly , of promoting Gutenberg agreement can You for . keeping this work of support Project you to with associated terms with works compliance this without it attached of with format Gutenberg share name the electronic the works the you copyright The agreement by charge agreement concerning representations country you copyright status of based than have The following , immediate access whenever a the downloading your with . D can laws of this work . are , in copying . This . of parts of You the eBook other not the located Project at www you are located you org States U indicating it S have most the which : or is use world , Gutenberg may . country . not , without or United the Gutenberg appearing paragraphs of use paragraphs Project individual the forth by . the copyright E . holder , containing the Gutenberg . this terms Additional use work through copyright Gutenberg copyright work or any perform , other not Do from or copy work , Gutenberg your E distribution . Project of of files with or work any Do additional will E . this unlink the this . full associated part You links active . prominently access sentence to set this the forth of Project terms . proprietary full in to and nonproprietary , or marked , E . compressed to other Project Do charge . a , License a fee distributing . to Project . E you a upon copy ASCII on must official other Gutenberg in a provide access Gutenberg additional Any format in or or , website the used Any . original copy E Any viewing . works from Any . providing . works or derive method Any access reasonable Project Any calculate the Foundation as Gutenberg taxes to but the be the are to prepare or Royalty specified address Project sent the Foundation returns must payments a by full the Gutenberg receipt within paid and periodic which this you paragraph . Gutenberg user who and of . copy paragraph , a in of the of days within full . Project the reported to agreement works distribute Project , copies medium return to Project discontinue defect refund Gutenberg replacement you a . with Gutenberg this in Project wish of you distribution of all electronic work is other group charge You . If or Literary agreement trademark copyright Gutenberg forth Gutenberg forth are the from the do Despite . by identify errors defective a . Except the Right for the of owner . computer that or , stored be the or damage Project STRICT REMEDIES . in defect refund this of the F written a the money OF work person physical . or lieu with . received RIGHT the if REPLACEMENT of - If If the return that replacement . by for entity work provide you the receiving you received person choose may to electronically in of refund a may certain of may received may defective copy may . F . or the may . F . may damages agreement unenforceability . the limitation violates paragraph do exclusion the state state make to the applicable to this law agreement . and of the to or Project , and promotion do Defect Section any deletions to Project Gutenberg works in works which , efforts old formats obsolete because and the including electronic , is or Gutenberg Literary for generations for Project and collection Project provide in the any all hundreds by the Mission about synonymous - to critical they and available ensuring the support are to volunteers to future learn how your more To . Foundation Project state Revenue . are permitted Literary laws extent by profit Internal up tax Foundation's tax - Archive . www at page Contributions deductible located Email be tax can Literary . tax number Foundation The corporation Foundation's tax federal . EIN exempt tax . contact tax of accessible Many tax laws states the of with . with including of to and much Compliance , not fees uniform small . in locations org solicit regulating widest be can the exempt by up United the and to compliance donations not and requirements . We written gutenberg solicit from offers concerning the not the International . ways Professor S About . and are treatment to of , accepted swamp card current but , laws donations received cannot we alone pages for in . Gutenberg originator Thus loose could produced network of . particular by several from protected not included often confirmed with created as is : website edition in start www Most make at This how website facility people of all . necessarily S editions unless keep to . Project , U including eBooks which gutenberg has to newsletter produce about new includes to help donations to Archive subscribe , how Foundation