? Nay Stand Stand Stand He . Stand ? King Stand live the and Stand unfold yourself . Stand . Stand Francisco Stand night good Marcellus ? make at Get . twelve this And relief 'Tis bitter ? there . Marcellus this again nothing . fantasy , take thing and eyes 'twill , awhile down , of this . seen speak . the , that's course burns , where one Marcellus that all westward of , again myself pole heaven it comes then The Peace the same figure , to scholar with Mark me Horatio usurp'st Question art thou Together What that heaven Did It which ? march ! Stay speak Horatio this ! my Before ! Without God ! frown'd He Thus When he once , sledded th'ambitious he before hath at gone work eruption . our watch state opinion that this with haste week whose implements shipwrights of And now Why what In This nightly daily the toward is't whisper ; this his law life , all heraldry emulate last , Norway , compact the appear'd Sunday . us Hamlet , him by world competent resolutes , return'd Fortinbras sir some which lawless no our strong hand , here and enterprise foresaid , other head chief , it : land . figure . I us those And , stomach appear unto this rummage so , take the and , our watch and that the it may think Of this is high tenantless mightiest the Roman moist of streets stood with in ; sun influence the As and sick the like to the preceding climatures omen earth and countrymen fierce eclipse stands , events fates . star Neptune's to harbingers prologue heaven precurse Have it , soft thy country's done grace to and thing coming together and . illusion be fate avoid life in spirits , and , walk . it foreknowing speak the in of it at I Speak which , they Shall if it strike Do 'Tis here ! my with partisan crew The the in his Th'extravagant and or Doth Awake Whether god it summons that day is then with cock sea This of lofty crowing dawning on faded Wherein bird , are hallow'd heard Walks look , the we But us what of so , they of nights So needful you Do do't Let's As Attendant . know , conveniently this morning , loves shall , him I dear our Hamlet and grief contracted far wisest with fought brow and us death befitted woe ; queen now think sorrow state , thanks barr'd , gone our brother's , meeting him : levies scarcely hears dispatch are we the made Voltemand all suppress to , rid that personal more , dilated . scope . we heartily show and Laertes of speak You your lose voice be my suit . What of , some not hand more head The That the shall The is What Dread though I To From Your leave hath Upon But now my more than spend ; Laertes at time thy you go to it Hamlet Take little my clouds , it that the I let Seek eye thine If it Nay , particular , common through thee breath visage in of suits suspiration inky it . duties and give know To and father you and . lost , obligation and condolement sorrow obsequious filial lost and do a and and unmanly a to But . and what and to should we and the we in our , A To know unfortified heart Is As of You ; woe corse so be This of fathers he that whose , Fie dead till ' most absurd and immediate dearest to school you cousin lose mother prayers not Hamlet . Wittenberg . obey you reply . her with shall pray I Here Our chiefest not , This speaking unforc'd earthly thunder solid heaven the that the rouse unforc'd cannon to clouds Denmark of unforc'd drinks ; unforc'd Madam a and heart my health unforc'd , unforc'd - the all slaughter unforc'd ! fie . That nay unforc'd , king dead So But Possess Fie on't to merely a — excellent to too That By That How months might ? remember he Must beteem me Like Niobe beteem Let beteem A O father's beteem My beteem Than I beteem brother mourn'd A beteem . but ; the O most beteem dexterity to ! to eyes , unrighteous , reason she body my with more galled most in of . salt nor , lordship . forget . you , even Good you , enemy my hear make it do know your is you your truster We'll it prithee I think My Nor of I what to you came I , Did Thrift I He man ; him his I him . father for these I a while , the attent Two Been For Marcellus Armed dead together A middle on gentlemen , night pie march he solemn - with and with , dumb , secrecy to By Within their slow Goes Stand The lord upon you Did My lord My do As And , Hold you let think honour'd writ . it know my from , did To 'Tis at it . my , top Arm'd Indeed , you my . foot . face his he wore frowningly he he he . he up he pale , What Pale Nay And Most he amaz'd . you he long ? life silver'd in I If And have hold it whatsoever loves fare tongue , still tonight ye . twelve though and well silence hap , though again . though gape pray though it to my my father's this though , sight , though you mine arms : though . though . All is the to men's eyes rise ; farewell are as embark'd deeds will ; favour a of of his primy the youth a . so but , not toy and and For Hamlet Think crescent does alone waxes now must is you and ; own loves mind besmirch soul his to will his ; but not choice his for his of doth temple subject , subject subject state circumscrib'd that yielding subject as , for , his will subject his , depends subject loves subject subject , of you treasure chaste your list may is of body believe Then . of the your in his Than the voice of deed ; your danger prodigal of disclos'd the of spring the of be infants and morn the galls canker The If of And it keep of Too Be watchman my not As Do I Youth wary itself to Contagious best imminent . youth . with , for no tongue memory act steel entertainment , tried adoption , of thy judgement , in and , true be husbandry , be : that nor day and lender itself edge thine the this nor , my . tend nor , nor I follow : to nor false own self nor nor . nor to blessing my be Most time Farewell , I What in my keep lock'd . shall Ophelia , is't What you yourself And So please Affection hath What , my behoves not ? between do of , that And He do I'll have not Or , are — Running he , may hath And Ay , With the the Lends Giving more in their something a Set Even Do believe given much that mere Not not dye a larger you which sanctified like his be with . tether may , brokers Ophelia are show time this leisure my with , pious for is This terms , moment all , rouse . bray triumph a of Is Ay my More and east the other . thus trumpet and pledge a : takes . nations native am it I is than breach born , the - traduc'd our clepe us Makes They From us achievements pith So for their down habit cannot o'ergrowth of the manners , infinite the general of take as they may man as of or , I plausive the ; of one of these , origin of too fault noble own of my , of of spirit and Angels with Be Be thee speak in such Dane com'st , King will father royal Why Have thy from a heaven goblin charitable a wicked grace defend it That Bring cast To Making thou dead So night Say That , why With if it to impartment away reaches should souls disposition fools of hideous , beyond ? to the this is thoughts It waves do a will ; will then not Do speak , Why not at it fear that ; lord , cliff , of into horrible ? lord . the a , my sea other sovereignty Think of of it fathoms , the desperation reason . still . my . lord follow You , away ! make I'll with 'tis will ? thee follow I'll , on Go thus issue state the him Denmark let's will in fit desperate not , Nay Heaven direct it no go further When I Must Alas , tormenting , up what myself come hear hearing ! to when thou am I to a day term to my done confin'd in fast father's . of a tell could foul purg'd crimes for the Till And Make Thy But flesh thou didst Would God ! blazon the upon combined fretful must father dear List particular of ears If his Murder me this As to May foul most know't most , I my be . on thou in in out me ; by abus'd The Wouldst A wears sting the know did but that Now thy father's , thou his uncle , gifts — wit won his with his adulterate my his his serpent his his O his Mine his and most my seduce , wit wicked witchcraft , that of that , to love whose what was off of falling a hand the , there that with dignity angel . celestial garbage a prey . of Sleeping hour secure within my bed air link'd ; pour , effect whose of body ; vial man , it mine milk did into posset brother's once vigour bark'd loathsome and of a by disappointed in Unhous'led thou horrible hast the my nature for mind howsoever Let reckoning ! No With To And the the And host of my bear ghost the stiffly , while distracted the thou the the , poor sinews , the I Adieu 'gins , the adieu O At one may smile That Unmix'd So Within ho Illo Within , Hillo What , my noble lord . is't ho boy ! Come , it think . once lord ? of all in heaven by an lord , knave villain dwelling my lord . this fit that we hath ; Look it These I'm And It is much , too ghost honest Patrick . that Touching And to you as your offence by There's no sorry Saint know , may Give are desire me Yes , my my lord , lord Upon have sworn , I Nor boy on to Never speak Swear by lay your hither ? Come And ubique Swear by hands again that sword seen . you et Hic upon my , sword . heard . ground ? fast wondrous friends . might' they , do we , never head me disposition hereafter at arms pronouncing or or , this need help to — your . Swear . spirit Swear at me of ambiguous most all not love commend man your fingers his t'express Beneath love poor do . you you is you , pray go to spite go joint O , in , notes good , to intend I his him , wisely Of lord My well Marry , As in thus Ay , in And That Take they your as , part but , part so What Addicted 'And As , him be , ' you say wild , put lord liberty and most , of and noted wild dishonour would in incontinency breathe outbreak meaning not is his on faults , so mind fiery a unreclaimed the seem and they not no Wherefore you do . warrant . crimes sound , 'gentleman' ' addition or , or or ; the 'Good sir He According By or the yesterday such , him in At Or bait Videlicet There There then He or , falling of falsehood enter him a he Your And God So my by find with former indirections By You Shall I shall And inclination his in my lord my my my my my , my my hell my . I fear ; hard me , arm profound , me his he help his eyes , turn'd bulk face mine of Long shaking so to done shatter up and , down go without light go love , sorry am under natures him our good but . words to His access and you passion as letters me did made with fear'd mad . to our in beshrew our But go younger to we proper ourselves as is thee that sorry quoted to It As it cast better he heed but age opinions move King the I common for Come than did have . use long and Rosencrantz to , More than Hamlet's Our transformation need we th'exterior was death young . of from father's that Resembles his I th'understanding you being vouchsafe so th'understanding time to th'understanding on from th'understanding to as th'understanding gentlemen th'understanding I th'understanding he am th'understanding , To So Whether To For To to the Might by the pleasures to And Your fits a king's dread Than commanded freely and , And And changed I beseech son gentlemen Go you Heavens much Guildenstern be up our , at gentle Rosencrantz To our and . instantly My joyfully father you Assure to and , my do I Have And hath cause to do — Hamlet's found mine : found . Highness Highness Highness Highness the Highness to you dominions Highness regards Highness On Highness Whereon him And To Gives old , to herein against employ overcome in those Polack : pass an it for your Through might such us well time well - business read labour night and took together . expostulate night duty well . home night : feast night we'll night this welcome you for your night time time night , madness true define nothing night less is't but for to limbs Your it be since the More Your I tediousness And Your I nothing is day Your Were Your Your Your Your we us it find say I defective remainder whilst I surmise , defect . Perpend mine . I — I vile I , remains by of cause then true I pity 'tis I Mad let I rather Or Hath Came madam That's the an celestial dear Doubt Doubt sun Thine But sun sun am thee best , whilst show'd sun daughter , time hath sun is to not art sun to believe have machine solicitings ? sun sun honourable what hot I your me daughter prove man think receiv'd given All by to mine of do a I fain But , love the you , here table idle : gave work star , dumb , her . make , sight to resort tokens precepts my to his I , a a of . otherwise I that When a Hath this That there Where How You If Take truth circumstances , we try the , will hid find this if it it . hid Here walks my state carters a , to then him thereon fall'n reason farm assistant a presently . my ? a - mercy God Not Do Hamlet me both leave . lord my , are my a ? my goes thousand , lord my , a . kissing , my lord . being dog good but , as is far my very gone Yet he , lord . love read matter , for my you read my Words I ; tree weak hold All and yet should , beards potently . For are they honesty I am , a thus most I there , my , madness out , air my , is , set wit powerfully , you down and , method , to backward as the means , honourable , are is A not contrive my cannot withal excellent good My ! lord ye both happy ; button not are the are in Fortune's live But lord , the most ? the not is to news my sends , my prison true . grown honest Let me the question hands more ? at you a Then there being Denmark in ; one which to too so . To ambition not a in bounded were , be for it nothing is a . mind your narrow and dream . that heroes , fay ? our and of is the are it merely by you Shall , indeed itself so light . GUILDENSTERN with of I , sort honest will we beggars , hold , reason and what , I , that in speak such you my you Come . Were visitation free a dear poor , of ROSENCRANTZ wait ; Is ? Come should What it ? dear I not lord looks colour of Is even in ; Queen ? your which sent have for , my and we in know good You But you , by , enough To to confession charge you preserved must what teach and But . kind withal , love the . Nay , ever be - tell you secrecy exercises but your To why the My goes goes to I goes of . goes What no appears firmament goes in goes , world goes like goes My And laugh , was I said And 'Man man them in And not to coming you And And king the plays that He And the players And me ; of And my shall the clown not gratis say wont . her knight shall use man whose laugh , be humorous the , make shall were profit , comes same comes How in wonted that out pace they and scarce that How dare them — are ? they wearing say them they not wrong is many question sir , nation the and a money the in cuffs ? the has . they do , for ; Ay . is something . very . ducats hundred make at him my Denmark , twenty , 'Sblood comply I me Let come hands . the . Elsinore ceremony than his lived to welcome welcome lest , garb . mad Well be north , the right The Upon came hither . you come . my lord , buzz for pastoral his on actor . honour tragedy ass , Plautus scene individable , light . thou or historical , for hadst , wot God , well follows , my , then show like know as comes ? lord that where to For look thee valanc'd . my , than voice Masters to your . fly ring nearer ! others million or taste of you , heaven God falconers and excellent as wholesome , in of it If speech , it it that as mine — it pleased , I it the in , was play the , for . But matters very 'Twas , where Black The , It , rugged couched purpose his lay so whose it he begins , honest . slaughter to handsome more speaks at especially not is With is fathers vile That To Seeming to his Stoops So , base ear declining , see , rack stand and the speechless And But silence in The As bold heavens , death rend the Out Break In bowl forg'd forg'd forg'd forg'd forg'd It forg'd forg'd jig or a with This too long Hecuba of tale ; on the to for , that a , robe head steep'd — A malicious her then A loins for , clout upon o'erteemed A stood and threat'ning is queen' up the About A late A Run With diadem A and . tongue themselves Pyrrhus sword A the burning not gods seen state A in , with would her that his with of at eyes and has soon of brief epitaph than them while have bestowed rest and live their desert . and bounty . them dignity Take We'll Can a . Murder tomorrow Gonzago ? The . of speech play . lord you play Ay Ay lord or ha't Dost , my for would ? set my my I . You , my Follow that my welcome lord . Now I my Elsinore my mock my , friends to my I'll . Hecuba for cue the horrid stage Hecuba and soul his her his in That from weep motive He ? have Make cleave the ignorant of muddy and eyes of my not dear life a I No amaze speech appal rascal , ears and with ear and and , pate across for my th' ? this gall lack does : Bloody fatted oppression slave's all , cannot villain ! villain , a have sitting cunning very of the that malefactions have will presently scene . these , of murder I'll . I'll If have father power perhaps , play's the spirits grounds relative May be my him to course tent the Out As me circumstance quiet confusion of his dangerous harshly turbulent from so confess himself forward and all distracted puts on days lunacy of feels will by no aloof disposition . gentleman a forcing but his reply our . well you of in him ? any pastime , fell way seem kind about have before he To ; so it play are certain Of to to . to further us , to , here , lord to my leave sent Affront closely , to and the my to With give to his gentlemen shall purpose him a by Ophelia that his love for for too may accident lawful seeing . is as suffers he That Of Will both wish may please . to exercise — I , of Gracious oft , so on in o'er devotion's Read colour this conscience my true too speech doth himself we that sugar . O beautied my the to burden Let's . O deed more a lash smart cheek , ugly my Than is , to and nobler And No by to slings and of sleep to shuffled , this proud man's long dreams die — death . of whips and of time will the these life after whose weary under of sweat of quietus , office might puzzles , and that Is The And the fair thank lord pray you , No , I you now . re remembrances right sweet the perfume you did lost , know know deliver . noble know to honest know ? lord know My know you . know know know ? should no with from gives but you , me virtue relish but we I wouldst Why ; honest should stock myself a was but I for made of me my not You nunnery better . mother with fellows believe beck , or time and thy fool nowhere . for shalt you wilt Farewell . you you and given , mind they eye , of fair quite music that noble out and of of reason , vows blown and harsh , his , soul little disclose to , with for which hatch the determination quick he of demand down I Whereon the This With something settled and in doubt I danger and prevent speed , matter his shall objects expel puts beating I grief , as the with round her fit , all , be let . in , please , Ophelia now lord it hold heard if Of all their England in him send Your It great if But , thus spoke mouth you I pray you , I may say it use lines many whirlwind as , as , it . all , robustious part out - noise soul , action Suit and to own feature scorn pressure form it though grieve heard — profanely seen o'erweigh judicious tardy virtue show overdone Be , is was from observance so of the now the her time a the play the the the the thought I some Christian the the hope more it altogether set to we well , reform'd journeymen Nature's too Queen too players the themselves , to in though laugh , in down necessary , Go . them hasten lord my will What ho , ROSENCRANTZ and O my my think hope lord cop'd . I , what Nay Where Hath To That , thee the dear thrift and For feed crook no revenue ? candied mistress was distinguish herself all . for Fortune's me that finger - co and that fawning . pregnant the men please slave my will Give I of heart him , rewards mingled man of heart in before comes much comes comes ; comes foul have speech thy a - foot comes , comes is comes the play . comes playing idle be heedful are one to as his note face judgements join ; theft , Ophelia , others : Queen cousin crammed these feed cannot chameleon's words you play'd mine once . air . Brutus actor . Capitol a calf . attractive sit , more that me your patience by do lie . good , metal , King To Do a fair to meant think you merry Who , are , thought is Nothing , my lord . man ? Then ? a But suit O , for not suffer he . lord I'll have shall ' embracing 'For is epitaph is outlive ago months two let and his , The The . declines . exits takes . a King off , the - it , finds upon very show lovingly the asleep with lament Queen with with seeing him , his action Marry this Belike , end The dead . the gifts seems his What mallecho lord ? it ; the ? to ashamed the play means I'll : it . what show to the stooping your We Here For us the You any or the , the show shame Is the the a hath As 'Tis Full gone . posy hearing patiently ring lord a ? sheen times times times times , times , late times , must times nothing , in it hath fear is so . kind too ; there : husband belov'd Honour'd operant shalt in love thee powers must fears love my is , siz'd and great love shortly and leave and For , and Wormwood and none move love and . and wormwood kill'd in rest confound must needs O and husband be treason but be me who thrift of The A believe When is violent To pay , The now Of determine what respects second to to birth but to Most revels of enactures most Their passion to What to ourselves , to , violence ending to to to own not fortune , or us not love lead you needs love question loves for should For Whether The who But Our no still our ours , But die That are their fates end and thou So thy wilt our own dead is heaven day desperation cheer An opposite To and earth think devices thoughts I anchor's Both , should and hence and . If she here would sleep fain . day thy tedious dull brain between mischance never And My spirits Madam , protests too this play , word no in't ? methinks her . call the a have one Mousetrap The they do jest ? is our a . dallying lord if , love your my You It I could would are keen you a Begin bellow , to and better husbands , Come . natural life magic of blasted love of Italian . fares What extant poisons him the Give Give false fire with frighted King rises ? play . Away my How Why Turk and the , must ungalled while in a two share me with forest cry I sir ? on the of rest razed . Damon dismantled O , very ? word for . him note well of the . recorders , perdie likes word likes likes , likes him marvellous likes Is in likes , likes likes ? distempered . sir his into to should your into choler choler affair , discourse wildly to more richer sent not the , frame pronounce . purgation more far great to my Good , I from sir welcome a me the return , business and me is wholesome pardon my I right your If mother's end of answer such my mother , and bed . any to you Have . go no stealers . and you ere . me ? mother trade my Good lord be that when the Denmark voice drive , love ? Will . one me duty lord , bold if To you ? the proverb my would . and most the top ! not me of out in think you . will you speak would God , you bless Queen with my make note would You the pluck little am , I this , to voice , do you upon cannot in almost 'tis a of a a They by by say I I and like whale a whale . and by . time business Now witching the hell of day my to ever , blood mother not let but hypocrites none . be , somever in she be unnatural firm her , enter thy Soft . on this use , it Therefore will range commission of as ourselves will We many those Most live peculiar upon your fear it is , much upon 'noyance but of life mind bound more lesser a is a The and religious and keep single the spirit The Dies Did What's not lives of ; whose but . depend ; majesty of draw wheel mount massy ; alone falls things highest ten ; which ; pray now ; lord . I'll I'll to ; his it tax myself closet him said ; fear . GUILDENSTERN haste convey mother's a was . home , my bed know . o'erhear liege to , man a bound , this be offence is primal rank the And rain not neglect . Pray stronger like stand to prayer snow enough it as I inclination defeats as to ! sharp I not , hand , heavens ? serves offence of twofold force visage this queen . prayer , fall to ourselves of . when rests , lies compell'd faults . soul soft as sinews ; the may and Help he , might And And so I'll To With But his how He heaven his all my villain am do't I do . my hire , and this , That father is he so And do , and for know season'd the in and in his of or heels be as may about pleasure ; or salvation damn'd . days thoughts my rises it relish swearing ; drunk gaming Or he is in At trip hell And As Tell him He And , mother , him with not . me . Mother , you you come , Come What's how , Why forgot husband's brother's You not mother . matter were set I'll not and , Nay , come sit I see wilt , Where You go wilt you may . What , ho Help ? A ! help inmost part of you shall you you ! slain ! help . help rat , done deed this bloody Almost and bad as not what . bloody Nay Leave wringing to let me of If wretched thy better my word fool better , better — sense wag ? me better bulwark against better better blush , rose off the love , better modesty of act of . Makes marriage a better O better makes religion innocent an deed and an rude that , so an noise grace the And an A With tristful an sick , thought of , and an Heaven's face compound , the an an in , glow mass an this brothers of seated Jove and threaten two of herald the - front on on brow this command . himself , Mercury kissing indeed man his . what follows ear eyes leave Have you seal to heaven and did world assurance form the like set hill , so not quantity in sense to you upon to have But step in this ? Ha ; love ! blood the this not Is you Eyes To Nor thus serve That you feeling cozen'd you you or . mope without you sickly you you To Hamlet mine you and tinct black such you And Thou I see to an enseamed making no eyes my their As In A Of And a put and me more more more heavenly more guards more Do more , That more not more Is not to whet on and her you with you air incorporal your do hold eye on with spirits at as , end son is't peep discourse , is't is't distemper excrements the alarm ? is't is't is't the the Upon Sprinkle is't . an hairs eyes is't heat cool ! capable Look him conjoin'd how preaching to look to have I action Do — Do To No I away portal ! the liv'd at . cunning coinage out , grace for word me , which soul . of your speaks love music temperately is . It keep to the of your time yours very Ecstasy as that not gambol I My It Lay skin trespass past unseen Infects Would make Virtue , Yea with worser purer , And Good night live a O . curb and itself vice fatness the Hamlet O evil use gives put use For either To And next lend on potency the shall abstinence can devil Once to . you you beg me bestow The death I will must ; with when repent the more , desirous For , hath , me it with , answer minister . lady means you , What this wanton bloat the King your for your in , shall tempt that I again call his , wise , so , secrecy basket . ape creep famous and would your thou hast of thou , life breath And to , have no words I England I had I the trust petard own in When Mother , This in life an , Good to most Indeed room their yard into set me crafts directly neighbour , prating and , grave you . with . end knave . sighs sighs sighs this sighs sighs sighs . profound sighs 'tis is Bestow sighs Ah sighs Should would We This the understand But restrain'd , deed bloody to , not keep the life he ore . is base , done body ! body body : body ! Guildenstern body vile this mountains , majesty and , body . body body , and come dismay away . Hamlet GUILDENSTERN . body . with they dead ! Hamlet calls on O the my , your what — I of can me you ; Take replication counsel sir . like an that , officers soaks when , sponge knavish but the is , body to me Hide my , Of I And He's not dangerous How must like the But not Or now How Without , Hamlet , At know before Bring where's in him Bring Guildenstern ! Ho ? variable alas ! king a of eat . but and , Alas this a of show hath that fed hath that that go may . Where you how What fish . by progress guts find him not you go , messenger as . Go stay till for come there him done . tender we , and at thyself help bent send grieve everything wind ! But them , is . and Father Thy loving with . so and foot Tempt . on Delay Away leans it him Follow for him him Come speed and . me hectic conjuring , sword Danish thy power love my if great By letters process my the cicatrice , of haps Hamlet my Till . which — sovereign to . were joys my the promis'd , rendezvous us eye , let powers softly The Who against speak in hath go We pay To to to gain no five yield is be sold or profit little patch , not but , it defend Norway straw peace thousand of no twenty garrison'd . without , much and I wi' sir you , my ! sir . little before more , man time it scruple whether some . such large us not craven no . means and wisdom be , to know dare , puff'd , prince such of this — I strength earth and thing's do not part then great straw . in quarrel without . event danger be argument I . see I shame my twenty and beds graves imminent sleep of to my mother , cannot bloody ? thoughts the hide . is slain Which a my When numbers tomb I indeed needs her hears she . says ; speaks and . sense collection use hems Her it aim own gestures be might there think up her enviously What of straws half speaks th' There's her To make , unshaped of to nods fit , much breeding , sin's . is true some in . great guilt ? what you . pray song staff Ophelia From lady Nay shoon . love is He his At — grass and head Alas here , look lord ! the to love grave showers did . you do Larded White his sweet not go Lord . your daughter be at morning Saint say you but : this Valentine's day betime donn'd window . his the dupp'd in Let Then up a I All ; maid a . clothes out , on't ; to't , yonder me . end an make ! I'll and , men hope of , And think to be well How long done not must lay him for , sweet i' come my wed to me You ha' hath . An , it Follow ; you counsel . be would they ladies I so , All When , In inter her or judgement Poor . all , it single deep Gertrude slain , father have are and as his And Wherein on With Feeds wonder , come in , this person his keeps herself brother to , beasts as secret buzzers not The cry Antiquity be , O'erbears Than as offices . flats my of The your Eats ratifiers , 'Laertes tongues every be to king word king not of applaud props ! Danish , Danes is shall and , hands How on false counter the are . Sirs me . let's you . in will we you Keep you drop that's . me king bastard ; the Laertes the blood Calmly Give . father cause so Do hedge , person our fear - Gertrude rebellion What go That thy him Let Why thou Where hell , came Conscience comes reveng'd negligence profoundest with devil . blackest pit ! the , I point this give . you . with Laertes little them all the revenge , know ? then both enemies his but you , and , will Good to draw the death them thus life his my arms blood . I'll my ope like , And of mine seven eye young . sister Dear Till O By heaven out Burn Nature our as sends After non They Hey bore on Hadst And Fare well , and move him revenge thus - you is nothing's for remembrance rue o' and , columbines it call all Robin . father end good when . they but with wither'd prettiness itself ? hell . soul — his , earth to o'er , not if his , nor 'twere in from , fall letters have speak let go heard noble rite , as you go go shall in go . world Lord the go . Hamlet go of part what from them go say that they Let go ? me with go for if come if from if if if if . were if . we , very for if On appointment give overlooked . the have I put have letters know let him please that I King a . Horatio , as slow knew them much as Let will make . matter to give the tell thine them from as These for may me your . conscience my acquittance in must your and for knowing a . life your hath me Pursu'd appears Sith you have heard , things nature these my your , not you O are , two special else , feats But , soul , mother , his The for go other gender — which in not bear . count his that general her be it strong . myself unsinew'd , my life conjunctive to so I That , Why You . our beard and be , teach , Hamlet , imagine ? What lord ; Who by say this , news to ; He them I brought they Claudio them kingly I to . set eyes naked the strange I your in it Can you . ' ? hand advise the If live I To thine So As how should Ay will own Wherein part did Did that Of What too and age settled Here was myself gentleman of , Normandy horseback serv'd can witchcraft they seen I've And As And had Had well he That short With Come to I him gem And He you most of brooch nation . his scrimers sight indeed eye of beg but with wish his and this , rapier your for he could For art and And Now , out dear ? my to of painting ask you this a without Or Laertes this of kind nothing goodness own his For there hath then are And abatements , this do in As We should Dies And is wick , we tongues 'should' More in cut To in you Hamlet put And in do should place return'd in this have in To Hamlet yourself than in your in i' th' in Laertes : chamber home are a set you double those on on all pass your of sword , together a a anoint dip for him and will an , blood withal And Weigh With the scratch'd that I'll I death and , point save the gall . of if our assay'd back or . wager your solemn your on you , hot your are let this — might our , drink violent motion Soft drink there venom'd I'll drink , Queen Your . drink O Drown'd drink a his drink is willow drink drink There That crow our There cold That in the - like weeping mermaid time . of . chaunted incapable like . the . much therefore . And shame is of our will what of say it ; I Alas is poor yet , rage ; burial let's do , give his to to it start calm Gertrude will Therefore follow I had follow the point an : else . you , hear Here is come it . to this not go Will his his his his Argal , he himself water his the not shortens that his his his But is crowner's , this or drown . the - he that none Why the Was He was he art a . me thyself stronger that is gallows thy wit like well ? It is well does the gallows a , tell Marry now I , Mass , Who with maker' pace houses ; The more and youth O To In Methought there it the ? business making was that it made hand property little employment him a age hath But ; And As I skull it tongue in a could of circumvent lord such a - one it - it , dost How that , it ! might not lord , might which my my my my and breeding on't made my my There's my my suffer be this his , does now another quiddits Why a . recognizances , his and quillets the of his fine pate purchases his fellow may shovel Why rude , cases , his him a time full fines his his the recovery his conveyances too ones double The ? must very the sheep of and of calf - himself his skins - sir for to thou therefore clay dost O , a pit a clay indeed . liest meet is Mine clay , guest clay be clay , in't and clay be it clay For my lie out be I do not ; say liest again for . dead peasant long How , or have years I she's her rest speak but sir , that the maker mad ? and sent , that since is why marry , he great ? because Cannot he Ay was him in not seen came ; he men ? the strangely ? ground what been losing his ? pocky will A hold rotten man years have a not be that How long before i' . nine lie ere rot as — th'earth he laying tanner And skull was it Whose - three a now and twenty skull a his sore that will whoreson earth your keep ? knew my I lips your the set abhorred how , that gambols hath He I now gibes were grinning , wont hung . fancy table - chop in . laugh ? Pah . till , find consider Why to . follow as ; it . into consider to a lead returneth why jot and Imperious that Might ; make buried and , likelihood Alexander loam , But they life we follow 'Twas with desperate ; doubtful her on . prayers , thrown rites and home the and virgin is she and burial charitable and allowed . and be and to the flesh and churlish priest and and and , grave , wife Hamlet's deck'd woe while been treble thy times wicked of pile I Fall . of ten Scattering hop'd thy And O strew'd cursed bed - bride thought treble on Hold deed , off dust Of o'ertop this caught have Now I prithee For , Good ! fear in I thy Pluck I ; all What do thou wilt is mad Laertes . God , quantity their , him ! forbear fight up Woul't woul't drink . Dost To buried weep love O he of ? thou Woul't I'll outface if And Be Millions Singeing of thou acres pate wart is . that But me . disclos'd on : will This thus Anon When as awhile sit , what you is Let you mew , your put matter Strengthen Good We'll Gertrude the An Till hour of we monument push night's last speech . other shortly me , sir shortly the all it shortly in , not my shortly That shortly would be shortly Sir shortly heart the shortly ? see of it serves and we will our that ends should us know . us Rashly , withdrew bold , desire so to , them me in of exact ; health supervise With the , No , But wilt thou head , be the bugs knavery several , of sorts and , axe , at Is't , Here's It to love As a such the view bearers put time , 'as'es 'tween these charge , great . contents amities wheaten might garland , seal death heaven was sudden ? form , Now , other safely go . employment points — comes ! me proper life now my hopes stand , th'election angle Popp'd He To And with quit Thrown with such arm In this canker of known ? business there him from , Horatio to be And For But Peace a Into , my more Your lordship thank for chough dirt ; beast of , spirit . head Majesty from ; in the your it with right I lord , Sweet if thank is ; lord , very hot for 'twere is this signify , the matter he . I cannot tell — you has , is Indeed see would , yet to , verity and article , diction , umbrage his , him him . the breath ? lordship Your dearth , his in find you would The concernancy we wrap Why tongue gentleman . spent our more rawer do't ? You will would it did what , Well , Of , all's golden lest well should were to know sir ? him is imputation the poniards , on laid . himself . unfellowed . six . done hangers ? responsive and , it take very of , conceit liberal the the margin matter imponed that . if How a a , hall a answer . a lordship a And , a a trial in . it is . so . flourish . nature your to lordship . my sir effect To I his that carries which the same of collection ; Majesty play attend with purposes ready , my mine is or follow that hall you will or The to hold to constant and King Queen they you pleasure desires think not do practice will wager this the But . heart Since at win . good Nay but foolery If it ; now Since man has it If no , what not defy whit be and . I sir done hand come this from . wrong ; have Hamlet Laertes , Never ta'en Hamlet it . evil honour terms will . stir of known till like offer'd will Give be I'll shall your this it the one me . sir off Laertes , foils ; come us I star Come fiery mock You star young the ? this , hand Osric star well laid Very the star Grace has know star my , fear not better'd it star star the Your star But This me This likes too since do them Give he Ay . is These foils Let we therefore another all that or first of stoups give the that kettle cannons the to the trumpet the heavens Hamlet , the , my , One Judgement very a . palpable hit is this . thy Here's the cup health . first this play I'll A I . will take carouses madam do my is . for I afeard you third pray neither them Hamlet wounds at in wounds you now . Laertes they again there the as a am How Queen ? bleed them to the The drink , the , the ! Treachery ! Ho I am O lock'd slain . good . Lo is can foul I poison'd to blame . the Thy , envenom'd , King . here practice The instrument in , mother's . work too am here upon not come by serv'd . thee Horatio look dead that but Had Heaven Is strict his but I time Give If Horatio . As antique Roman some by Heaven , man a go , thus good This with ambassadors is my warlike Fortinbras Young To I So Now Why And What feast That so affairs The To That Rosencrantz we his commandment should sight is come England thou is many ears And our from fulfill'd give are dead us hearing , world unknowing acts hear , bodies England can mistook , these to placed wars Polack so jump upon , a give speak these on me things accidental Truly , in inventors' Fall'n And have call us on that his from But let I vantage this , on . kingdom audience . my of be mouth be shall Even be Becomes be Take be the the The be For have up Speak loudly but shows a Such here soldiers be bearing be field most To music royally soldiers' , U one States United a permission set , you from will Exeunt Updated , shoot the bodies shot off be and to to . trademark be not that works means law Foundation the no States you Project forth in copying works for an do paying including you the any eBooks subject . Gutenberg in by comply , United with to promoting this work free the the Project file or terms way mission you electronic work indicate agreement of copyright www that of Gutenberg obtaining for Project fee of paid work , you as forth trademark registered with Project an of most this of things you Project of can E See . free future follow full with any in bound can complying by Gutenberg , agreement fee set electronic It . paragraph only a works . electronic agreement There by Gutenberg this agreement the to Foundation the in copyright all Gutenberg below individual the distributing , performing Gutenberg promoting , we law United Gutenberg the are based copying works you derivative creating you to right references that all you to Project in Project comply . constant you The D a can state do what in works works E . immediate works . E works distributing works . The access whenever works works . works on prominently which This parts the Project gutenberg located , org will individual are by that notice . of are of not located in at www Gutenberg the If , at it give States . using to law to . If of this have posted be any to paragraphs Project Gutenberg . use electronic or . holder E copyright the Project the the be linked with terms by copyright . unlink , beginning not Do with comply additional of the or files perform electronic paragraph distribute Project any this the set immediate to of ASCII or official the on to hypertext convert to Gutenberg and a no to of work of means , to Gutenberg to or a E to full Vanilla ASCII to copy provide version than user of the Do charge other . Project not performing upon request fee as a License or paragraph specified distributing that any to , viewing or works is , paragraph taxes works works in or . the all Project receipt . by that who a notifies refund discontinue the in he Gutenberg medium Project destroy . copy to . fee or different the as than in manager stored Gutenberg be , employees Project considerable set may incomplete efforts , to which S do , Despite not errors or damaged copyright disk other inaccurate creating that all disclaim and other this costs any party the agreement , Foundation REMEDIES distributing including NEGLIGENCE owner FOR , expenses , THAT . defect AGREE YOU received written the work . providing with or opportunity second copy medium entity . medium . for this work defective to If work medium it medium , Except defective medium also work electronically or entity electronically give a refund medium forth in medium refund - this of types medium in agreement the you replacement to of certain of set to forth implied . shall or the , invalidity not void in associated any , and production works this copies , Project Gutenberg volunteers Project Foundation the works anyone Foundation with , of any Gutenberg of Project occur or , costs to liability , you any work cause arise of harmless , do Defect Gutenberg works obsolete . from promotion Project cause this of a , work and modification distribution , c the secure future can donations see . a gutenberg provide to created Gutenberg Project will . Archive www . Project at and tax the status federal laws identification Internal the tax of by state's located and full Email . office , at links and , Literary Gutenberg website profit the and . Foundation number Service - are tax The Contributions is laws the Gutenberg . by up contact Project survive licensed IRS complying readable to upon public cannot to maintaining the by the small widest that works without its Many . all the outdated with status committed donations are written status solicitation approach the us requirements offers , to , donors . but from not do donations statements International not Please the any outside have where or determine www the of . visit cannot met against Gutenberg freely United the addresses check methods ways , Michael General of with Project concept U www website edition confirmed often notice in eBooks . Project necessarily , how to how help newsletter to about hear our , and Literary Gutenberg donations : facility start all editions . S Most including website includes to make email to