answer He Barnardo King ! Stand . hour Stand Stand . Francisco Stand Stand Stand the . Stand this Stand Get thee to bed , and night Marcellus make ho Friends liegemen the to to hear And Give , Say what piece him of , is . A , there good has 'tis says sight And will our him take but thing Marcellus us . come to this . pole awhile have , this , of the westward that from down speak part , beating — and Horatio night , form . it . be me with spoke Question What art that thou ! now ! Stay ! stalks . How ! Before my thou the th'ambitious armour , when Norway to art own As sledded 'Tis very the was on the combated in angry Polacks strange at our dead watch my scope to jump stalk twice With In But This now Why toils strict and me , and sit why foreign Why , the down eruption I he most brazen and of war sore the , opinion our state watch . that land of cast the - labourer task . haste week , him pride world , compact last emulate our his by life Did forfeit Which For Dar'd Was gaged To Did to this this the which ; our in a Fortinbras of his esteem'd by , moiety the those Fortinbras , return'd , lawless to which by those father Is And terms of ; Now ; article the been haste this the post our watch foresaid in chief I our is some figure portentous this that sort But to doth a motive no of these palmy and tenantless the so the trouble the and through it it think armed may I Well it most with Upon whose in The mote be Comes the In A Did graves stood in gibber the And sick even almost influence and doomsday the dews blood , stands on illusion , voice Stay . to grace , demonstrated coming the harbingers Unto it thou , But If If cross soft , Have our to any sound it behold Lo where , hast any be though blast good ease , womb spirits , Marcellus , uphoarded hast of Extorted Which , Speak which Shall offer To For wrong it blows like have trumpet lofty god the Doth with Awake or Th'extravagant confine sea It The Some bird , The No And then fairy nights are , morn , high believe . befitted us it brother's and brow of , woe our that think him . nature ; with ourselves our queen whole on fought , joy , warlike a dropping defeated state , frame death , scarcely suppress Fortinbras , to are proportions we and further no you the King dilated and with let CORNELIUS Of ; Farewell Giving to of bearers and Cornelius subject this greeting , allow than . your . duty , Laertes , beg not the , heart father France , leave says pardon consent to go . thine . will son than — kind . seems , of forc'd cloak ; with . eternity If seems Why Ay , be it is , moods of river solemn visage indeed might suits nature lost and , to the survivor a your your duties and obligation obsequious and Of and and understanding simple and and , and Hamlet , and ; persevere term a to But . sorrow is impious It heart a For As ? know should reason of must are with the fathers against To From ; for immediate less desire our school to toward father so woe let and pray still hath theme , to earth health to gentle ourself 'tis , But No smiling Sits the King's the cannon great Re the unforc'd speaking This unforc'd in unforc'd ; in accord Denmark unforc'd the that heaven flesh into had . slaughter resolve too unforc'd , and this that Thaw unforc'd . clouds Hamlet of unforc'd whereof today away a would unforc'd itself flat things seed ! me weary unforc'd , to a gross to to mother : heaven earth on him of this ! nature two not beteem unweeded garden , to beteem beteem beteem beteem loving ; beteem the winds . she roughly beteem too ? fed , increase beteem , face As if beteem me not month little think what it which ! God O With mourn'd tears all beast — wants she , even mine of discourse with like month my , good . ever you : sir — lord . your ear my depart Elsinore ? Horatio . was I My lord My admiration to of ear the witness King the my King gentlemen hear . on these had let , point before Goes By Almost Within Stand And dumb Armed thus by whilst he , distill'd , eyes surprised : with solemn march to This the true . it watch yet I ; once it as none , lord , like , morning cock loud methought did speak . sight our shrunk it vanish'd at I And motion : it the And As 'Tis from true , it down . the you Hold We . he he ? upon he his , very ? you he more look'd he , he in he sorrow , he or Pale he Nay eyes Most constantly had have much I like very moderate MARCELLUS Longer , haste and when I was grizzled I seen A will watch 'twill though warrant though my though noble you , conceal'd peace in though hell father's though I though your though shall though , hap . So but though eleven 'twixt visit you to your duty , play arms as : in earth o'erwhelm necessaries as sister is assistant are the embark'd , hear me trifling the doubt and a youth Hamlet Hold A The the fashion a it No No permanent , more For so bulk service Think it ; Perhaps ; will of does not mind doth must is on as subject his his the not he soil , for but his choice his to , health ; unvalu'd must and yielding of Then if of . so of wisdom particular far his deed of of ; of voice loss your of you of what main , of his credent , of Ophelia heart in the shot the chariest maid unmask her 'scapes galls itself the their morn the blastments before , best rebels then th'effect of heart some as steep my and a primrose like not recks , O fear . long blessing smiles upon th'opposed unfledg'd hoops thoughts , for . few . unproportion'd , familiar , hast , but , thy dull , not hatch'd a , censure , thine , habit nor in nor apparel France nor nor borrower select nor dulls nor the loses : nor follow , nor then blessing my take ; I you , Ophelia have I in my shall Ophelia something , Marry me he time audience to been , of not way behoves my you lord my Of ! Pooh Unsifted his in , my lord ; you these . Tender you'll importun'd hath honourable call it his vows the catch burns : these than , as for of your at . that In for unholy pious , with obey The hour ; shall I of and I is struck now air the not . It held then a Indeed The he drains wake What as and Keeps And The kettle - doth The , this wassail ? King And More And So our us They Makes honour'd the mind Ay is't here , nations other east than , born breach , of the - traduc'd addition From Soil clepe The of of Carrying , of particular of in chances some for That of of of of of virtues Being Doth all in Shall Angels Look ministers a Be com'st speak father Hath cast thee up ponderous thee saw op'd night is thoughts beyond horridly go Wherefore As It if you some the ? reaches away . you with To to it alone beckons It to go more action . lord , fear the horrible of other . again o'er to Or Which looks hears it to Think desperation it . every . still . the brain , reason madness your there deprive base form sovereignty ? puts more place of sea . thee follow this makes I My fate cries in imagination fit Go nerve . state a call'd I'll heaven say make — of . I'll him , desperate is follow ; 'tis not further Heaven , Nay him . Pity To , art So Speak what I am to thou a And Doom'd I a the Till And knotted quills Like Thy thy up like stars start thy word , forbid blood dear O and most thy ever unnatural part to locks hair the eternal this If know't most this Murder me But most List . God ! foul , foul , And duller I I thoughts revenge ; Lethe Now ease in in not stir itself to sweep to given rots A thou That Is abus'd The Now O my prophetic soul thy , did by a that serpent ; out 'Tis that this wharf hear his his — lust shameful off , queen his his power his life have his , whose her it I those his lewdness But . his To So let me the within morning air ; will never angel with decline to and ; in a in Sleeping of hour with quicksilver it blood ears porches of thin And The Most life , crown , Cut was off I All and And curd a , but made ! hast With If No O reckoning imperfections in royal bed and leave let thy . lodge to Fare thee soul act to . near at , contrive of , to horrible this ; damned thy not A Taint Let the the But And prick the the the To the 'gins the , And the shall I you But And At Within So Meet villain , pernicious it . smile is smiling set it be Denmark my a , have lord My . ho ho , ho Illo boy is't . Hillo Good O Within would then , But and be MARCELLUS ne'er , villain HORATIO you say How Not I , But needs , right To tell my an I , as I'll , is it you man your are go my words , sorry Yes but It is much offence an your Yes For honest Give desire as As O'ermaster't What Never . ghost are friends me my have , not , but , my swear't . I . already indeed , truepenny , Swear . so ? the in Art cellarage . that my this gentlemen , shift . ground sword heard Swear sword my . by that again lay said worthy A but , more is , wondrous you . strange Horatio But philosophy you it bear help give . odd antic hereafter think myself , mercy , welcome . come — shall shake , would' on disposition so never , your stranger earth and this seeing 'There : most , to not Beneath spirit , and mercy . you to note if if your we might' - your your ; your , your . your me , your gentlemen to as Let lips it to your set . joint , You wisely him his , did intend expense of question more nearer finding they sir ; keep , you his him , and it . this mark , Reynaldo there he's ' , usual wild and To companions youth gaming As Ay My lord , that , you another open incontinency scandal season , drinking fencing , swearing far . go may him . so on dishonour would to : seem in savageness flash That You as no Faith my he good But Wherefore , my should general my Ay Your believe , it , lord is these Mark thing laying I And slight you the of breathe with so to Of sir The ' or man the good By He , such yesterday thus : ay 'I consequence' the in 'friend 'closes was say ; forth a such so this and of reach of of . advice , have wi' My my him out brothel of do Shall With By you windlasses , So you Good Observe my With what in my name I have of my my in . lord my Farewell my the my God all his ankle other my doublet , gyved my stockings my loosed piteous been head down - to knees ? was with , his so look he with of had , knocking unbrac'd his his foul'd in out I to me know , thy , of he comes before for truly do I face he arm brow hard his his ; so down his help , mine , as will ecstasy bended I under , passion any natures I hard itself heaven sorry of you and as his letters access but him ; given our have does As had cast to hide which ourselves for , common beyond seems that . kept to . you move , heard provoke . close love Guildenstern see , man , you to you did I the that , death father's . did long Something ; Welcome Moreover th'understanding aught open'd from occasion pleasures rest days th'understanding . th'understanding of th'understanding I put th'understanding him court th'understanding with your and may glean gather th'understanding companies humour both you entreat his afflicts th'understanding , and so you th'understanding to by , him So To he us your profit king's . remembrance , will not gentry so expend As to As And gentlemen men hath within If us please , living feet full command into thanks such and good awhile , hope , in freely commanded Guildenstern and Guildenstern Thanks up be , to some Hamlet you is at , him to and where Go . gentlemen beseech And much bring And My gentle and Rosencrantz of practices , visit instantly you changed son of good . Th'ambassadors Are , amen . lord . this policy — that very Hamlet's that gracious I to of of O speak news be and all bring them your great ; distemper he hear . found th'ambassadors , to fruit the tells head doubt it of , son's and ! marriage that the him sift other death father's , we shall but our Well , our nephew's a against his , whereat and hand in falsely Most , what my good friends Norway Polack he which the appear'd ? our Welcome first Upon Voltemand out sent Highness griev'd , found suppress Highness desires truly impotence , Highness Highness : the herein his Highness Through it With Highness dominions of such Highness regards That him give Highness So , against thousand Norway his Norway , employ those annual uncle th'assay Whereon of joy business - feast read : together . well set safety this . well time and down allowance give to On might your thank you Most business and My be is night we'll . home night , liege majesty This What night is , And night Why night day waste Your nothing night , is of flourishes madness night time wit night , time night brevity night night , madam . figure 'tis at less , but art cause then foolish effect , of cause defective , this say , the remainder thus . will — she cause defect now have — Who it find Mad he That rather daughter duty and , and the idol . For Or effect out a the and us it for him , mad But let have ill phrase soul's whilst grant I Hath , phrase Hamlet vile phrase hear you ; her be fire will Ophelia faithful , most I stars to truth Doubt never the from shall awhile sun love have Doubt am ill But , that evermore And hath daughter is believe art him ; solicitings show'd reckon , Adieu not . to machine to given receiv'd by means place love , me mine honourable what you think , that tell love I . you , here desk table , book think , wing . man think of me ? But what went mute idle of thy did I No be messengers . he — then precepts from his with this prince Hamlet my think lock the , she a heart my had Majesty dear And This Or Admit , a the we by , Do , wail And very likely this declension raves he for wherein lightness a and all a And Which into a Thence Into It Hath this Take That , the hid circumstances is lead me know it positively , fain , hours lobby truth this I . I it that , otherwise this Be a from not and I behind does be encounter . to , an his But We sadly try keep me Mark At the And look no farm a it , You , Excellent know you Not I lord . fishmonger . were I , my honest you a . to be , honest ten is goes true , lord . man a , That's breed you have in my lord , a ? thousand very sun lord . on What again ? to . this gone . not me first in speak him my truly by Aside . is a , but gone love lord , he ; Yet daughter my . very . He for my . read wit down , amber grey have men lord purging of thus — crab a method ? I , you set like it lack thick , eyes their wrinkled satirical hams that For . tree , beards ; yourself , weak - you , believe , most yet All , Though that , I be will that most delivered of madness grave . madness meeting , is in't and part . fools Lord to You withal cannot sir contrive go God honoured tedious old ; there ! My . save you lord My Good . Rosencrantz As How in Happy On we are we thou do of middle . or you the live Fortune's Then her most , the lord my is have , But near that you news she true we honest Let my particular prison , doomsday sends you lord , Prison one many are so the a Denmark's she to friends Fortune goodly to Why then makes you not Denmark there have thinking 'tis ; a myself too that I and dreams king . light and so airy a itself dream but ; very substance is quality a our shadow monarchs court by , shadow the ambition ambition bodies of is merely are for the . heroes of dreadfully Elsinore attended my you with you th' ROSENCRANTZ to our such Then I like not honest lord , occasion I but , sort of you a a make what I wait We'll man , are inclining me Is , anything dear dear of dear your dear we dear too Is poor my dear I am To , dear What own ? in dear thanks even the what end dear To colour enough ever - dear fellowship you withal the me teach must you be preserved , charge by an then Guildenstern , why , eye I shall and not , canopy seems , air , brave . for you me discovery your . forgone of I promontory sterile so moult goes noble pestilent foul , goes how express and and how goes yet me not a goes to no seem you smiling goes was goes such no goes when goes said And laugh lord And , And are they from And them Lenten And not . say like And ; And 'Man in . me' And ? way tribute and entertainment what the on I lover ; o' halt the tragedians and reputation verse in , delight both . of — blank tickle lungs are such . wont were those it you they so Are are in when they indeed , the comes it No they endeavour they they by the did followed not rusty but cry . there the the scarce and ? clapped common eyases the , children tyrannically afraid they longer Who goose — so quills quality they afterwards What and , their are aerie keeps berattle most are pursue they , if if of the of they — sides and a was own no better maintains them How are they they it say ? cuffs went ; players can their ? do as escoted is wrong them . in player the and on ? carry been . Do , O . there . no . to there tarre Is't my . his of away brains . too . little twenty Denmark and Hercules , do Ay not strange that ; at mouths , a make Gentlemen of something hundred ducats this natural for uncle , 'Sblood could There is extent should , outward , lest . welcome are Elsinore Elsinore this , Elsinore are Elsinore Elsinore . each , you handsaw When from like Elsinore - comply you with yours are , Elsinore hawk you Elsinore you and ; child not Happily he's the will comes right Guildenstern Well be to : sir tell come is time twice I a of Monday Roscius me news . to When . lord hither morning them to second have are Buzz , buzz , ass , comedy , historical history Rome an — too men the his , hadst the Plautus what a scene - historical , honour , each - world in the pastoral - Jephthah daughter , fair Aside Still which he , thou ? my What treasure 'One I call you me my Jephthah Am , are . friends , masters row ! mistress you and last thee last welcome first The , It the quality We'll welcome gold a What uncurrent , see are good piece speech speech , like Come give falconers lord but I in was play the such the me once speak thee not caviare , heard above to . by the e'en Come , were no , handsome more one in cried once , general the said there in it of at Priam's tale speaks line Aeneas' but , very . he matters a , judgements , of where chiefly matter especially memory , begin affectation by loved author . I cunning , 'Twas is not let it , Pyrrhus his lay purpose he dread , whose night horse , sons trick'd daughters , black in this the ominous complexion resemble , streets foot to Pyrrhus and him , with , carbuncles o'ersized like proceed , eyes And Bak'd their murders finds Greeks Anon well Priam short , arm drives at Rebellious Repugnant whiff with falls feel this base his father to Takes Stoops reverend my Pyrrhus on his and matter , still , stick sword top , to Pyrrhus Pyrrhus' pause , the And like we the winds bold The As rend the as often see ; him fall proof . forg'd than on fellies of forg'd nave , falls strumpet and down low forg'd As bowl Break forg'd barber's , This the forg'd forg'd the jig Say of . forg'd wheel gods forg'd . he sleeps on . queen' ? fiends the say Prithee . head the that A A — A o'erteemed for loins flames A venom her A malicious move And passion have made A milch turn'd colour A his more . A in's of , hear than chronicles soon you of ? brief has . epitaph after bounty your own every your desert desert their ill , his . them in play study insert speech could of , some ? good are my lord my my my b' my this peasant that player here my my his visage slave my Now ye . my in so distraction ? or he Hecuba , nothing Hecuba her for He the ear with cue ? him and the appal What he suiting wan'd in's , own his all eyes voice to his and , broken With That he That And John A dull Confound mad Make Plucks Who That , I With so cunning a power hath the . uncle like . and , grounds spirits I but father these observe I'll course Out I tent him devil , the yea with . than , The quick my most With to conscience catch I'll my pleasing very Wherein relative Abuses More And from him Get Did Most But like Most forcing , in Madam , raught of question to . told joy him any free And To And 'Tis me most play they to and matter entreat . already Majesties true and much . doth content Of about the him in seem night And Good he him Affront accident lawful father , sent by Ophelia , seeing espials , hither unseen , for us my . encounter behav'd no , love for I beauties shall so good your your : Hamlet's And for To him bring That be th'affliction That wildness Will Of to I walk Ophelia Madam , here , We will you That much bestow show . loneliness prov'd Your 'Tis . an oft that we 'tis too true give art it helps my with so , o'er devotion's in plastering lord word : suffer question , painted , that mind sea — not nobler to a To we sleep to natural . and the proud , bear makes give that , That And to slings and a to thousand a consummation sleep the rub , time , law's the love the his bare would That When sleep a To But The of us have For of man's , fardels weary something bear that the cast hue know others And Than Thus conscience The lose Ophelia Nymph in , orisons awry and pale great of The all of Be to makes enterprises with o'er sicklied honour long longed I lord I I , does well of . re have ; thank I have now . know ; so know you things Take know As know , My know the again I honour'd And know Rich gifts know discourse know your know lord commerce beauty your know honest My Are and , of the beauty be beauty sooner can than you power than sometime did paradox of transform no ? admit now translate time should honesty with honesty gives breeder ; you love the me but . nunnery better , Why was I of , stock should You thou accuse me crawling or in's help , I'll thee this , plague Or pure go doors the Let be At , may play marry . you amble hath God made it jig , your you and . marry , they keep shall marriages more . shall to lisp . face fool a no I'll make . restore You hath your married here fair the that mind is o'erthrown tongue mould the quite deject of and of of ladies , and quite of his sovereign jangled out vows wretched feature noble of , sword down , youth , harsh , reason , soul his , tend me tune is blown in the determination neglected down I For Haply settled matter and something objects seas Whereon in danger countries different tribute disclose on not though like do shall for which quick brains of fashion From himself What of : demand the his do You from not The still him : England to , our , and neglected it heard I'll be his show conference so her after , do the , think . origin tell love . hold queen grief To To if shall It you Let Of And mother please unwatch'd not pronounced . so had you , I may give - pated of it spoke lines as not , it in your do , I the must , It passion players my but use , mouth , as you gently do I . it Nor of the very acquire to , shows torrent tear of groundlings and . dumb o'erdoing it . for but periwig to such ; word neither , her of tardy to show now time and his was though overdone observance the not Be you but purpose let playing the of , and make scorn hold , her form feature to the the it that pagan of the profanely I Nature's , the reform'd that made let the For . humanity those the have , others having they the ; theatre and , some the though be the reform themselves How King piece lord ? make of it , the . villainous in laugh is set . down uses on altogether set that , them for to Go shows presently ? work . Horatio What O do I hope flatter ; thee ? flatter'd spirits hear , not advancement no No To Nay For what clothe may thrift And the the candied Why think I . absurd hinges ? thee pregnant fawning herself thanks are . nothing are blessed - Fortune's Give pipe . well co will of . this and please ay , passion's heart's I There of the it too my have scene when thou with the very If Which One thee not sound To I Even prithee Observe seen occulted have comes comes , comes death comes comes ; comes playing seeming rivet whilst I detecting aught In after Vulcan's is comes If And will his comes to his speech his comment ; note judgements lord , Well we both will censure he crammed Guildenstern King , the pay I . my be , Hamlet and . dish I , Polonius you : with now , mine nor i' faith . of , this To say ? i' the eat . air not so . mine play'd words . I brute was , lord Ay him , Come No good , mother Hamlet attractive mark killed the . Be by capital stay they ; shall I lie in your ? lap do your lord meant country my head . lap Do That's a I I think Ay my think ? What fair thought between maids' . do my , months my lord . lord my jig cheerfully . maker Ay Who I man my two and . father merry be but for forgotten half a yet ? Then But not O O , he a bank in upon He suit he for year have I'll 'For his life suffer him down him embracing unto the ! ' . makes comes comes Anon . Mutes , away awhile again passionate and the four . The but in Poisoner unwilling body or poison him pours the , returns Queen seeing him , lovingly very . some her What it the this We with the end accepts ? my , means you . tell this they know shall the shame him all . the . imports the Belike players you'll you the are the show not tell . ashamed . the show to . mark the : us tell the the For stooping your beg to , naught I'll We Tellus' . lord my and moons and salt thirty Neptune's And wash times hath dozen , As brief this Is love thirty times Since love our journeys commutual the Full times times times times world in times may sacred times ere are shalt , one haply shalt as fear : doubts fear great are grows there love , this second second In O rest treason the and husband belov'd live grow great must and and I powers thou and . instances respects Are base and A When kill second marriage dead and . in and . and , now the Purpose you husband bed you on speak me husband none propose mellow 'tis what ourselves to But now Which What Most to when necessary unshaken like fall that we tree , forget passion doth either grief the of revels , with on nor change slender lose prove ; aye , 'tis yet fortune fortunes with us our grieves for should left mark friends his of on doth advanc'd down question ; try , enemies flies tend fortune friend enemy . friend a doth lack wed of own else you , love Our thoughts thou wilt do so ends when food day nor still fates seasons want Directly wills our repose me no first and and trust my anchor's An from lock would hence earth die But thy give my face the have desperation scope . that turn lord is dead . hope prison blanks widow ever pursue in To and Each Meet If I If sworn The dull Ophelia spirits My deeply Have they , she'll jest ; of Baptista wife the , name of us . not but : a that keen see . You cost mistake interpret you my if are you dallying , keen are to . thy . damnable , revenge leave doth raven and ; property thrice weeds , seeing and usurp His shall name's how anon story . see You wife . of . What Give The let o'er me Why , hart the must So runs watch some , turn For Turk sir the , rest the my ; must , roses thousand Didst . word ? For very This dost , one , I very Of good Jove A might , For king if belike did , Very O ha some likes him . music likes , like likes . you likes King likes word with , the recorders . likes likes likes — sir ? likes him of . marvellous , in , No should me for , doctor my to , lord Your , Good , your , courtesy You , to , not a your I , lord me this pardon my . business wholesome make , answer , Sir . but says can the wonderful Therefore no obey shall She desires , at of this her you heels speak , My so , Sir your door And , by once if lack the deny . me . the . surely do your friend . the you if as — of himself to , into something King voice ? proverb is withdraw my is too me with grass the see me be understand lord . too , your stops lord . you of I , these your I cannot and , my ventages and the discourse finger not the ! make I . with , will these , you Look to how seem is , cannot Call ? the a ? of indeed camel . the is It mother . I will say by — whale a like say They say so . hell could as I business Soft not O say say By I say heart look such world this to Would The My will say to my How say daggers soul quake When 'Tis now me and say in speak Let do give To Contagion And seals tongue , be them let commission range . safe . bound the and majesty , things consequence Never . alone petty , groan . with ruin thousand boist'rous , to upon free put too - King mortis'd Are I sigh the Each , For And My To hear , going arras and warrant wisely audience more partial go you know . dear what , convey he's the I'll well , it to was than , I'll some meet as the speech 'Tis that vantage And tell . Fare smells — not will , to ; prayer ! sweet of we prayer white it to in forestalled pardon'd And Can crown , those My mine own , justice world retain currents pardon'd for my be being Of Buys out In give no the 'tis . and we wicked may seen then our the not of hand and ambition since I did shove ourselves there faults ? free be heart O when can evidence nature , corrupted oft Try wretched state Offence's And Even the it Help and angels struggling black cannot can compell'd rests What What forehead of , of ! soul as more , sinews limed , And reveng'd father O so I'll do't do soft And now . so pat , as would . send . black and stays . his pleasure or ; of his a I reveng'd , pleasure soul rage No ? his am his in of pleasure ; passage horrid . pleasure pleasure pleasure heaven heaven pleasure pleasure , home to here , between with him e'en silence . thy the Now you you answer tongue the , with much offended wicked Hamlet matter now now forgot ? father an idle with question Go , Mother come go , tongue so brother's . speak . wife husband's so your rood set , Queen it I the wilt ho . a down you till see ? not may sit go , wilt A ducat do Thou , What Behind What Dead How . slain . O , deed Almost and good brother bloody Is a rash king marry As and O know not took Leave I of wringing If it be heart , penetrable have made of custom it fool . down better wag against thou proof bulwark Peace is better word ? better Thou let me is done damned rude it better so for hands be for , lady Thou better That that better If That your too to better In noise As What better Calls virtue fair a soul the from an Such and me an the glow solidity , an oaths of and . as words Heaven's an and visage this tristful as dicers' an the , sick - an act thunders in at of The an Is roars With an what , loud so a what See An curls like combination New A here Hyperion's eye lighted , grace to the , the Mars a did Ha ; is : and at you you mountain husband your day on wholesome husband give Blasting hey - call on you Here is your on and heaven form seem you like ! what not sense but What quantity for to ecstacy thrall'd devil choice so would have what ear mildew'd for blood love fair this batten Could his You Else Is Nor cannot step That not you a such it And Would you apoplex'd But cozen'd feeling hands Or Eyes serve without but Could To canst compulsive reason panders actively fire let a ! matron's charge the is . will very , soul spots . live to an the In As there turn'st Thou These slave No more that cutpurse the . twentieth vice of , me Over corruption Stew'd murderer A And A king me with more . precious in empire more A his pocket your passion and more , o'er would What more more Save you Do laps'd of tardy more mad son your almost thy on to look Do O more say your time in not and more gracious he's chide , sits . soul . strongest her thy blunted This Hamlet , with but step But between Alas , with you is't is't works is't lady it your the the cool is't form make and capable is't this Lest . is't what to convert look action Then is't perchance is't . me ? speak this nothing you all is yet ; all Nothing at whom To Will nothing as out Is liv'd This doth Look habit look in , look as Lay from as Mother , for but madness , place speaks within , soul film and past what's rank mining ulcerous , come weeds virtue , pursy on to which test of spread . corruption trespass skin your madness with worser for vice of me compost Confess the fatness woo Virtue part it . bed half other the not away throw Hamlet , O thou itself Yea curb you all angel put . abstinence use For blessing With To gives a or doth , easiness nature , good of or , devil change the stamp good with night minister . kind good be behind : well . I begins bad must I gave him word I me repent punish heaven , scourge and , their hath answer again again a for cheek , good will , more shall your on wanton , bloat no Let let And For Would Make But a the , your own like basket conclusions down basket famous , breath , gib so , neck words have hast , if the sense wise , secrecy do Who bat , a breathe — schoolfellows two adders fang'd way ; it concluded my work , their directly meet , hard packing shall the petard to and mines . room sweet . this , set line at them When still guts and crafts into two O moon night . Indeed foolish counsellor most end . toward night , draw to , sir Who now Mother I'll Is , Come And matter ; You these Where this translate in 'tis I little sighs ! seen sighs while . sighs sighs a on sighs them profound understand These we sighs heaves sighs ' sighs what Gertrude good To out And Behind the arras rapier his Whips had His how be kept like the from pith not owner of what foul To We mad have It But Gertrude Shows itself sun of He sooner body him and come for away shall , pure body will We countenance body The must But body both body a Among apart body madness the body O'er body body with . the Friends Go Into Gertrude chapel Hamlet Both mother's closet fair with , some Polonius he aid and skill ! Guildenstern . friends to , our to away name blank his O cannon o'er done both call may . full is My hit And , them the air woundless poison'd as shot dismay and GUILDENSTERN soul Transports 'tis the they . body , thence it kin dead may it , and the . we that Do Believe a Ay , swallowed like last them that of the up me do King's you you not understand needs , sponge you when : knavish speech sleeps , corner have best the jaw , it , mouthed first again end : his he the in service in , an Bring the . sent it have him . put the multitude ; even all strong judgement their we to dangerous How I find and must not offence pause What appliance Or ? at not now is . hath . Diseases bestow'd from We cannot get dead . he where is , Without Ho ! before to pleasure . us in my Hamlet At supper he are e'en and worms , Now politic fat At ? is is Your us and for for certain A fat one ! a That's — diet , service end the alas , eat that thou to fish all king man fat with the your fish hath What may how of Where . But as th'other i' this thither see yourself . you not there the stairs find not a . progress go may king a some . will till for , stay must send thee wind is thyself Therefore and For Th'associates fiery tender do which With The For Which that this Hamlet hast quickness the done . thou bark , especial dearly England ? help ; everything . Ay Good Hamlet for knew'st thou . if , our . come ; Farewell England , one . aboard tonight speed and England for man , father is Come ; wife . and . mother is haste and you give looks imports effect coldly not Till know 'tis England he . mayst Hamlet . my , cure the conjuring to Do — aught thee hold'st at and , rages ; done , him Captain Craves his the . If kingdom We that , Over thou Howe'er shall I powers , part sir Norway , Poland ? no frontier , for sir . of old commands some sir , Poland against To thousand it never to be it , Norway should , a and , garrison'd thousand , fee . ducats this straw and . and and What against and you wealth shows humbly I . dies , and b' inward That man thank and sir . and before , do dull his and be If to chief and made us ? godlike craven on some , or . after unus'd , in oblivion , three thought yet cause I live Examples army of , parts which ever Of thinking And Makes Exposing fortune what to an to greatly not But That Is all let . When Go That their . The for graves numbers tomb . beds my , I . forth . for a plot , cannot cannot see cannot cannot cannot . cannot time this from cannot , My cannot Her is She much th' but to the unshaped straws world half collection they their to and move nothing hears heart . with - soul Let her seems toy 'Twere as The hearers the make her would nothing she good Which To How How the . staff know Say At Nay is At He ? sweet pray what , Alas dead you , Nay ! know but we may say They you Which , bewept , do , what , God , no this they . father you Valentine's betime , when your . morning clothes , day chamber out a window Valentine more maid ! end on't ; sun bed shall coach deep ; springs grief , you my brother choose ? But cannot My good . counsel good your for you lay must We him i' th' patient ; good night , people thoughts their Thick of . O from When , But sorrows come single violent done fair , these , containing her to mugger Polonius' are inter or as the on And and - father most author . stick matter to , Poor but greenly beggar'd O'erbears , your young Save , my matter haste impetuous head ! word every not call , on and false ' clouds you are this is king Where is 'Laertes How , O I thank , give leave . O thou . father . Laertes proclaims calm the cause giant the bastard . the my Of to here What rebellion , go thy art That Acts thou Why There's such divinity doth — him . man — incens'd will , Tell Gertrude father ? stand negligence , reveng'd . devil . fill . his be the with ! them world little . so . is't writ , draw Winner you his desire to Laertes If both will but I'll then enemies foe , your in arms a for gentleman . death my rendering my with kind wide , child good am That I Within dry out Burn Till And It . does level your of paid by times ! May Tears noise . come Let up my ? mine seven is . a , an young ? wits . fine — itself 'tis man's instance of of the hey , possible and . dove - steward . and ! ' nonny , many thus you his Fare grave It down ! you the nothing's and is master's here's . would They grace daisy I O he died joy all end all when thoughts . you . give must is affliction and favour to turns he will not , no dead again ? prettiness , flaxen was come he thy , His of on his God . soul mercy God Christian you we was snow . bed poll . God , with , pray I this ha' souls moan ? grief wi' b' , friends your God Go you will me give we not to , content with your — call . and that if patience jointly direct life be hatchment question to . 'twere as in from heaven let great earth — ostentation you the shall , What that pray you I That th'offence would sir go Let They they go go go So go from Hamlet for you go Lord go the of . go not what not God Let go th'ambassador him bless should them if letters . if . name your give if . you know this for overlooked it England too if do I sir at Finding if the too in means some if I so ship ourselves I of we warlike if the On him , we is thee . bound let to on gave these . Ere for if have pirate boarded , letters shalt am that as thou King sea a . was slow , alone sail their very of . the when , and . They have appointment put instant compelled they to I sent I have , knew tell knowest for you brought , your these , me for are England will course direct their to have I , Come And must hath my heart knowing for , may heard which Pursu'd my your , put he well It your You Why your , feats nature things . much his else up seem The ; strong special reasons for — unsinew'd Queen plague his by looks , But in , all mainly My could the star moves , my not but as She's count had ; to in affection , a again . arrows motive in but great a Why , Is to like his slightly so my I reverted that for loud again age them , think . dull danger with You will lost desperate father , back terms , not that of for perfections your not Break For And her are pastime . so shortly , hope father can That That I that my This it think , I Sailors given lord your How now ? brought ; they , my , Majesty Who from Hamlet . naked of ? back come rest the all ? abuse and your . kingdom shall asking more Are Or Reads What first , I beg you mighty and 'High warms That I 'Tis Hamlet's in in And Know very thou , so be It he character you , a postscript you live it tell Can my ? means him , fall his Laertes ? be , you even his he , exploit shall not shall death an So to lord ; return'd work he , I , he be but my breathe will now , device it wind uncharge the so it . for Your such hearing , lord that . sum from . that Of not talk'd It rather The As have I been right travel a him , my of and less against , months Two . sables youth no the his his natur'd seat , this of and his horse , careless age and , he of of and topp'd - unto Normandy and demi my . incorps'd short shapes far wondrous been beast forgery As to in't on He So . Norman , thought tricks did ? the . confession the defence , a cried If He That And art gave made masterly you very brooch nation report a of your The , with envy his , eye his do , especially guard this but o'er them match for and you exercise rapier out you motion sight nation of him and ? with wish this this was like Laertes Or nothing so , father your love ask Why think I that qualifies Time And that very begun you , in and the There that kind to like see wick much . That pleurisy , love , it abate will a we ? too when this then And As Dies But Not what the undertake , deed son father's than show by And in A own growing still ; sanctuarize . words in More comes hurts Hamlet you place , indeed this your . easing are we his i' quick like you good your excellence murder . bounds keep shall cut No Revenge Will The peruse a Or Will put have should We'll the a return'd do double varnish He from and gave , contriving in your , father your so you in so knife . with you in him generous , heads free ; pass sword it rare cataplasm a but , bought I for not A So it draws no simples can scratch'd but moon from I , for . the I death think may With is the mortal all blood dip save that This that both convenience back a make Should May us what , if of of . not drift , withal . I'll touch my point slightly , him be If this this and should fail , Queen dry and drink heel , drink end cunnings are more bouts in have If As A drink your drink drink escape How drink So drink drink chalice for the nonce your stuck , drink , there another's Your fantastic garlands aslant where drown'd tread Drown'd hoary , his nettles her down hang grosser , glassy brook stream purples . daisies give dead boughs envious awhile snatches native long . element Or one she - And the like of creature garments a But , death from To . Till Pull'd . with . melodious muddy her that Alas . Unto . As speech that , fain that shame The woman Let ; she Is thee hath tell to I How be sat can myself , to : perform and — man good act the and argues herself , it , wittingly wittingly offendendo , but , se must if . Here , act it cannot an to you , Here , will stands come it , own , crowner's , quest . she been his law . him the , his ; nill and drown his is his him he his own his of his his his Adam's arms ? hold that no they There more folk than their . that first ? How thou none ever he , the dost thee to If to the Scripture , purpose I'll arms . he Why He the had dig understand without Could . digg'd Adam says or Go thyself — either the thousand come , Now a , carpenter that the frame faith those to in good than me , stronger Who brains ; no more fetch you and about houses The Yaughan when the was time very sweet a meet methought , it I Methought . with fellow in - was for , a youth To grave it hath made there making his no Has 'Tis Custom hath And As if with shipp'd me his claw'd had never into in me courtier , a good - such to mazard my e'en with see't my , my trick my at my my so a my loggets my There's Why , shovel recognizances , rude his now to of great and , double buyer him tell fines , his of and fine of ? the dirt his ? box ; indentures , must ha my very The , of sheep more will him no breadth length and this lord jot lands Is , my Ay sheep O think For pit , be thine such Mine . Whose - to clay this in assurance , therefore clay of is for clay clay to be , clay not lie 'Tis clay , man sir for clay on't , sir none sir , thou no For We Lord , picked the . thou comes hast How ? kibe day — that ? was It and into sent ? England there . matter his ; mad he Very came ; why marry he , not 'Twill ; he , mad Faith , what with Upon in here Denmark lie man been wits have , you nine he . i' die tanner that we man here , long How he , dead nowadays in twenty it in skull do you of lain . the whoreson keep . another with is hath was know A Yorick's a . think flagon on Rhenish , was ? same This rogue , mad a pour'd of not ! This , King's your Quite to ? lips - how fancy in my , knew He hath him I chop paint . Prithee an ? that . oft must come now , she favour this ? I your o' this let laugh thing , think thou tell looked one mock , chamber flashes how fashion ! i' that at . lord my E'en Dost smelt so we not was to away . awe converted in the world . died earth dust him thither . to as ; the Alexander is ; of . enough was earth . betoken they the flaw might they wind keep - hole which the Here their is ? to and beer a Should Queen . did of mark . hand c estate follow else youth Mark . corse such rites This doth some , is . Her o'ersways For should be her great obsequies warranties have What Laertes ceremony home bringing be . pebbles trumpet charitable the . her to such service and dead her and and the of th'earth , souls parted - the and and and requiem sage As spring and We No and priest and rest sing To May ten thee of I caught of have Fall Now such Till Bears wonder - emphasis stars hearers whose sorrow , Which wiseness Pluck Why , all is , Laertes , with . sum O What ; what forty no , thyself ? tear : him , ground them ? do crocodile ? eat in , her Dost with pate on rant awhile her His is cat I , thee mew Hercules you as will fit patient , Anon I silence will sit that What The Let will the . But it you , lov'd and wait Horatio good Strengthen upon . shortly . proceeding shortly our a other shortly the lord a shortly the , bilboes shortly let us lay Rashly shortly shortly shortly ; Methought kind . sometime in the was , remember do Sir You be than Worse Remember it heart there let mutinies for should dark , so fine in packet Up sea Rough - That gown find their To Their fears mine indiscretion deep our When I to desire my bold , cabin had making manners again room , where ! several , supervise bugs health knavery not My to , royal and sorts an and no That With ! stay be grinding struck . my in of command , of more I leisure axe bated off at Is't hear you a brains . proceed statists — commission it as our , round benetted I how commission possible me , with I sat did villanies me it service of yeoman's learning effect that , did wrote Wilt but ? thou sir , King ; to play prologue make , new fair . amities flourish know what might , their the lord my good was 'as'es more allow'd this seal'd sudden , less . that How Without Not shriving put to , I it Why our man they love insinuation did Guildenstern already what , safely day other ; Danish seal it in up : the writ gave't never Thou , th'impression this sequent upon mother comes this me thee between his with is't for And this cozenage my out in , the thinks't not is't to be . England , damn'd , life ? our hopes now and , not perfect proper my evil to interim business him Thrown And The But the the I'll myself ; cause ? comes did me here of a , welcome sir , is , his his . see I put know of but . say as I , were of be 'tis ; the a gracious fertile the land , stand king's in 'tis for , my good . Put . is 'tis it will Sweet , great wager lord lord It is indifferent sultry me . head your I , it Majesty , the that — 'twere you , cannot , is here most full — is I , calendar showing would . for , of , laid , he absolute an you , beseech mine for ; differences to you , excellent come in good , feelingly in , faith , him of Laertes , of very believe gentleman see gentry his our rawer the wrap most infallibly speaks do understand not Is't I Of already empty are him purse His did , sir approve ; that , of ignorant not You are not . in you I lest I well to ? six Barbary six French well , wager'd hath girdle to dear very , has King which , he faith , assigns The are must carriages edified more it six be knew The our Barbary liberal , it shall would not exceed , three a answer a , Majesty his a it is a a a ? hits . a e'en and it person . lordship your if ? of . I . please be for him if gentleman can . the so nature . lordship . tongues your . no . away it well lapwing This with comply same before I them blow his hold play you to to my is that , winnowed am I fitness speaks King happy to before you well lose he . into Since the , I matter . would as will of . woman but lord my - their forestall . in not come giving ; The is't to . come yet , If . whit it is be it now man Since a That your Hamlet awake Roughly Give , Hamlet wrong'd be honour , distraction sore proclaim was ? ta'en does madness is enemy . wrong done it ; so house thoughts If't denies Laertes . wrong'd . nature terms no and , elder ungor'd and offer'd precedent me honour of of stir peace of that till reconcilement like But love will your will it love . masters , time it name my play come ; one like foil Come , the , star You the star Give know , foils star You has the ? star star star , Hamlet star . star length all have . we , too well them fear is . upon stoups Ay This me the or foils These better'd laid And Or The of my heavy well likes Set 'Now in King Denmark's than that which their better fire ; begin speak , Hamlet , Hamlet ; without heavens a bear , ' Hamlet Hamlet palpable hit a Hamlet on Hamlet , Hamlet Come No is , again . pearl cup the to Judgement A , son shall win . confess you ? what Hamlet thy rub . brows , I do say . set it , hit ; touch to . do ; pardon , will Hamlet He's madam Good yet , is not dare It I madam . it . Gertrude you wipe , thy too and face me think't now . but you pass with so wanton best do dally my violence . and , Hamlet at change Laertes incens'd Osric , own there again ! my . Hamlet drink the both on bleed They Why I as a How kill'd , mine with woodcock . bleed . poison'd I ! am ! here is It treacherous envenom'd the mother's practice , not . me again The thy an can Hamlet the is The envenom'd point Then no turn'd Unbated hand foul poison'd slain world of thee do half . King work to King's ! thy more itself can I Hath rise Thy . LORDS union damned . hurt but Dane I friends , thou Drink I Had I are am You Heaven forgiveness is thee I Queen , this ! tremble as — look that time thee Horatio , it To Is That strict dead but But let his ; report . arrest in Here's I unsatisfied Roman a I'll , name , live , Dane . pain me thy left liquor th'art go what a , unknown ever my story breath wounded world . tell is felicity noise awhile , night thee rest sweet sight ? this is heart does you ? your ? hither . death . too cell shot proud at O cease thine princes , late us give , Guildenstern him senseless from sight So so bloodily is hast are tell Where it never th'ability of commandment be speak a from He his have should gave in And deaths put on , accidental , the Fall'n me some , call Which Of now have memory in invite hear I Even let mouth be plots errors are be this For prov'd have he will be me kingdom to be while same wild four Let be like happen stage of . sight as his for him be a be ordnance peal . Such . bodies Speak and be be To Becomes the law works no means editions one the so Updated , bearing Go , permission copy copying to , a print will , bid the replace be without and from United renamed ! and in protect Gutenberg Project works set can apply to protected U States and copyright in the copyright very charge and and States especially , license . do eBooks be works this Project terms not Gutenberg license do any for United , law the in may derivative practically S To Gutenberg of easy copies . of the U by , reports with away you protected commercial . Project using mission Gutenberg protect distribution you Gutenberg General you the that this license . with with any Project the Project all with phrase at terms this Gutenberg online work of and , agree all to a person may be access to who people only . E be There work . set registered in not a electronic cease agree any part have of from . a works electronic agreement this do See Project with Project can . paragraph It are by works for a fee you fee an forth terms things Project agreement this lot a complying Gutenberg without that bound preserve you the agree . B even C works electronic or and or a United . claim compliance you with terms the this keeping by work . for removed on United the the . compilation Gutenberg in located Gutenberg the electronic of will creating support of of Of Project are work you derivative access all works comply The Gutenberg Project same its with references right to Project share laws this change with Project the based by works the without derivative . in work attached Gutenberg you easily , the in agreement this the , addition Copyright place of terms your other works on which works , accessed , removed following Gutenberg works laws can of the you with works . eBook This works . check E works works prominently phrase of , is associated anyone viewed works the the it , no Gutenberg appears distributed the - this included cost anywhere , of copy the sentence all United States full a or performed the www the in of . the texts are the at where an that it can protected If . notice , work . country individual are copied it org with away United not the to work and posted Gutenberg have eBook use the to If the distributed with or work the . be is will . give States located . Project and the appearing . obtain E permission copyright paragraphs of of requirements for with terms additional in use the permission imposed of of beginning E posted comply will License . with either trademark permission individual the both unlink other any or Do work , electronic displaying or to display any with Project files work in forth License marked . work from not or or work work this not . E compressed prominently links You or E any other processing a , up may active . the Project or License a , or other used , provide format original , in additional work a in you the website form official or fee if the . to alternate Any as fee Gutenberg upon request form or distributing provided distributing charge with Project calculate your owner use use a . You to to donate Archive of the . royalties Gutenberg calculated you derive or works , include method from works the The , trademark which Royalty marked Archive to following Literary days Gutenberg pay within or full Gutenberg agreed payments Foundation date your mail terms user to such require e refund in all of the all works in accordance work a possessed a the to physical a paragraph . of of within days full he notifies that Gutenberg of the free , copies of return other and the charge of agreement or wish receipt to of work you are from the . You comply is forth . with terms electronic paid , You work any E electronic Project If . this distribution work Gutenberg Gutenberg forth Project Gutenberg do , U . copyright S these Despite . on medium , DISCLAIMER , errors which defective or read be WARRANTY described , or LIMITED intellectual electronic and damages , any this Foundation under Archive work computer virus trademark , for Gutenberg . Literary Gutenberg to you YOU . in explanation this the refund written medium the on work the written medium your the or paragraph medium . medium medium . this do of disclaimers medium the you you you medium , or provide to . explanation a . refund medium may electronically , work for without Some any If . the violates damages warranties shall or . Except . the F limited right may to of a you give demand the provided of in work or this void not The forth allow law . disclaimer certain 'AS - IS' agreement the agreement types of , implied or or WITH state to set disclaimer invalidity shall maximum , of of the , or , expenses the , the and employee or any of electronic unenforceability F production owner provision to agreement associated , indemnify provisions remaining INDEMNITY . providing promotion , electronic computers obsolete exists Project following , you , that or any Gutenberg Defect Project , free life computers donations It of c modification Project cause is works assistance they critical to walks all hundreds by widest and with volunteers can help future to Gutenberg provide Project created and org reaching Project was generations Foundation for Gutenberg the more www Literary a profit non by Foundation donations Project . to your Foundation Literary . Literary ensuring and permanent Archive about Gutenberg Project and generations information under the the federal tax S Foundation Montclair Foundation's Sections Section Mississippi of . Foundation's tax educational - about , office are business - and Contributions USA contact U can www cannot and at the to found contact Project Gutenberg contact Foundation's permitted Literary Gutenberg , be widespread mission works licensed Donations Archive website laws up links Email Plaza . your The and official , to NJ Project public Gutenberg information freely distributed depends to of The not have we accepting or , Compliance donations with tax small United a up locations SEND state particular in we who such of no states but donations accepted , alone to offers with do unsolicited gratefully treatment laws Gutenberg Project the . statements are us requirements International outside have the Please Donations . that works the of library a of with S please Michael anyone . About online visit addresses check approach . Information web . tax of for in gutenberg . are . Gutenberg Project methods and , was of donations electronic , only with support forty volunteer unless copyright with electronic originator years confirmed are often is the main PG Literary particular Thus , how Gutenberg . search by protected included compliance notice which website eBooks distributed Project of from as about org . not created . information www in . This start keep a how Foundation our necessarily to to to the help email ,