? there answer , Nay live King unfold carefully . upon come Long now this And I you Not my of If struck mouse . Who . Dane . night who , you farewell . honest I hear Friends liegemen to this ground A piece Welcome good Marcellus ? night - again tonight , thing of ? of him twice take belief dreaded not Horatio Touching may He will And With That if again eyes , not 'twill and our appear , us him entreated let minutes the Therefore tush come . to , this of . your ears our , speak burns Marcellus and that t'illume of all , part — beating the myself then now Had yond his The break . thee same made star Last night And Where course Peace , figure speak , where it comes . dead Horatio again , fear wonder night of it Mark , and . speak ! It not answer , form . stalks it 'Tis , not this ! something fantasy . away . offended ! Is ! and , think sensible like art thou As When not own more tremble ! Horatio Of he the thyself he when once Polacks to the sledded smote He , the . believe this avouch true eyes Such frown'd in Norway th'ambitious the before jump at an strange to and he ; parle angry hour , watch watch our work eruption , down sit And daily cast subject and that . knows state by gone strange gross me task ? week sore ; land war haste day last to appear'd Was At , goes can of the sweaty the nightly toils shipwrights Sunday divide not Whose Did so this the you know ; known by and life Well forfeit stood slay of ; to the competent of law seiz'd Fortinbras of which Fortinbras now by this For image even a in our vanquisher his with fell up the unimproved of King , he the which which moiety side our who those , seal'd a inheritance all full and , by gaged he mettle . Of Hath Now Shark'd To But to , Norway by state other , there take I foresaid of watch and other e'en the the , motive haste sort this I Well was and through our the that question our think of post may high mote In most ere squeak the The A Did stars with the moist empire the Neptune's influence in of Was whose of fire gibber the in sun doomsday . fell Roman the and mightiest and like to Have even almost heaven climatures and stood Julius stands the still the Unto I'll , hast If And And If ! it behold our to omen sound Speak , may thou Which But any to thee any there though blast me . thing . done use Stay comes it where to . thou Or That thou , you spirits and stand with it , Do Shall it Marcellus of womb ! may earth , in in life walk majestical , the gone blows is do it , invulnerable violence . malicious summons have - the sounding truth the , throat , warning his and in earth herein birth singeth say This Wherein our ever 'gainst crowing of that celebrated long stir strike charm . time in no to . it to life advice him , it eastward high have , that be To , Attendant Voltemand , Cornelius shall , him conveniently . delight wife bear sometime wisest in one fought woe ; state and herein gone marriage . dole dropping with which have Fortinbras death , of advantage lands those all fail'd hath Your this Now , that ; scale follows Our Holding thinking Now his business So much for our worth thanks suppress full herein lists is most ourself and To impotent this further of his You is To for , is For is Out , good The To is In is Of to the dilated further . it nothing doubt that Farewell and We , of suit You cannot now : Dane , reason . thy with ? asking is't our , Laertes father . that bend in ; France toward confess again leave and duty came , not , my of thou the not throne From now and must duty to bow thoughts My And To I wishes your ? done , says leave his Upon , wrung ; I hour fair Take I it at time spend my be leave , But now hang than son thy hard from What and more And Not so is . A Hamlet thy let Good not through to eternity . must lives in with thy am still much nighted a thy on off . the vailed colour , the that my thine , Seems my inky cloak black mother , seems the know , solemn , of of river breath not the shows man it , passeth ; seem trappings sweet 'Tis the your know these have I the your to and the might a within me But In filial obsequious . is condolement obligation lost give commendable and , a some actions That they that you But It A and a most will a impious To To we For we the any Why against Fie know stubbornness vulgar , to An Of As what heart be most a fault thing be mind ; common sense is and heaven be shows be heart , fathers This be Than unprevailing woe pray that still fault as be ? reason of the From Take It going be no the And As You are with to most we And I father he and , must first corse till We , that Do back you dearest In cousin her ; comfort bend you our your throne , love eye son . not toward impart Here beseech our of obey and loving my us a Madam in unforc'd and gentle smiling cannon heart Denmark a , shall Sits This in stay thy go Hamlet Wittenberg . reply Hamlet , today tell away clouds heaven speaking that resolve too ; all accord of , Everlasting Thaw O rouse my to health thunder shall Denmark not gross garden nature ! dew , God and ! that 'gainst to all the it , loving things self , earthly would melt solid itself and this into ! world unweeded rank come fix'd : him — this to to appetite yet , name a month grown hang would thy father's within , and were old woman she my , in ! the winds increase if her So dead That Visit Must what it shoes had Heaven of earth and . roughly not ? remember I A By is . for incestuous most O , it the left married With my nor of dexterity to yet Ere the such , father's God O of Horatio of glad or . you forget , to of , I , break not of must good to come She of But My even Horatio you . see in what you very am what disposition faith , Marcellus you my Wittenberg — Good lord from say ear , violence know you shall Against glad , good sir — lord truant your drink I My think lord We'll you is I it I your enemy truster yourself Nor do of to deep your affair you make But what I was do lord Horatio The foe that my had — Where , I had met I , my . heaven tables hard upon bak'd . meats funeral Horatio day marriage in king goodly a was , take upon think Saw him like I look I Who ? the . yesternight . may to till of ? father your King my ear This marvel , let love dead Upon nights and A , stately before - with : them by surprised they ; thrice , fear watch the , father true both , good . this more made your like we to the ? speak , it Did lord Itself then at the . true our , down of know it my lord duty 'tis in . loud ; watch haste it the sound vanish'd from our sight . As I To did live do we And We do , top toe , my lord O my my my yes What in my . eyes my than anger his wore frowningly . face not look'd his . he he or Most And A upon very in Nay his been Stay'd it you . long a fix'd much might had , I have like haste . there hundred in will was His I saw't . BARNARDO . tell Longer Not and MARCELLUS grizzled tonight . silver'd , beard I It A 'twill warrant I If it be hitherto . all gape . again watch noble hell this hap tenable peace though it I my in shall no pray . sight your but , and twelve . tonight still I my , hold And it So eleven honour : them foul men's eyes . you will the : to loves Till would All your mine , play soul not Our some My , assistant , my My father's still earth . arms I Though you is convoy But doubt sister are a violet Hold Hamlet , as me let the fashion suppliance sweet of a hear from you sleep Farewell winds , his ; a , toy that nature . primy blood and perfume No more lasting minute permanent not , The bulk Think thews The The and service but this fear own , believe to if to withal his will wide Grows Whereof Than main his head fits As May your what give the Unto he with weigh the he loss so wisdom and is If Then the health his Then he of your . says he loves is honour you importunity my his of too his , the and your dear , chaste may . to beauty is of the strokes spring : enough dew be of of buttons best , though none else safety of lesson . brother , imminent my do . liquid are shall good fear . lies . ungracious near , But the me steep to not Whilst like , blastments oft Too Be As Do watchman I th'effect the And , path heart my Himself as some libertine ; heaven me grace comes . leave . my not here is a ? sits The wind precepts shoulder these thou Look , shame blessing Beware in . tried vulgar unfledg'd but of few reserve . tongue thy no his soul thy thou few their comrade entertainment with hatch'd a thy the that : judgement rich fancy but , buy . man ; and generous husbandry station as th'opposed entrance Of not For most best chief itself the And of Neither to as false canst it a Costly man's habit in apparel lender self own : in friend night day ; true , of borrower loses dulls : my take go humbly of a and be be nor be season What 'Tis your , my of Farewell , well servants to memory keep Farewell time you remember do said have in shall is't What , the hath . you Hamlet . you late 'tis so you hath well touching Given If 'Tis of As that So you Marry way so me he to been caution understand between behoves , as yourself so clearly truth tenders on must — your , you many it is He What do of , and ? his You Unsifted my And Have your time audience made such speak circumstance . tenders , Marry I do Affection hath lord , perilous like a green think . pay fool . do know , go . me sterling have are Or Which , thus , And hath Ay may given go to his speech ; I the daughter , time both lord ; walk as , as ; in prodigal blazes extinct this presence rate Hamlet brokers as , of implorators dye This terms as and sanctified beguile of may Believe Than You in their as you given with command your as his in Set much vows unholy any like Breathing talk which be believe But , words so plain you slander I shall The air air cold . eager season the . to it a ; this held it near . think is struck , It mean tonight bray and spirit the Wherein not does doth drum and pledge ? wont wake drains and And Is draughts swaggering takes rouse out . west nations the east other am , revel headed and drunkards and breach than it is't custom his - with it at . in takes in chances , though , and pith for their o'ergrowth breaking down plausive nature , choose of indeed and achievements The some So birth their I , virtues of some habit the ; star Fortune's the in As That oft them , nature guilty evil men , doubt corruption The scandal substance . goblin heaven us , charitable , shape or answer tell , sepulchre death in the and What marble again op'd Revisit'st Making thoughts horridly to fools moon complete nature this , steel , mean again corse the thus the impartment alone . it . pin's a at immortal again lord speak it you the form base life might there the my , lord not life , life Why not soul Or you motive summit toward thing what what do life And set I That Without The life draw deprive assume That forth me It life ? Think of sea my other of me , shall , so many roar . thee it hears on Hold not place beetles And looks more into sovereignty reason , to of . it hands not my . go off ; Nemean . in . nerve lion's Unhand ghost ! away say As By me will , make I heaven after Have fit Denmark will is He waxes not in rotten To what . Whither hour I ? wilt . tormenting I thou My to myself but , I poor will up poor poor poor night the spirit when . thou , poor that revenge thy certain day crimes done poor to shall I shalt hear poor walk days I am forbid , spheres word house - prison But , nature . to of , young from locks stand their , porpentine to hair start lightest be not dear thou ears thy I burnt And Till To Make tell could up eyes combined to must O — unnatural most Like of Thy harrow soul father murder this ; and his me Haste duller That thou serpent me in this in my , Hamlet . unnatural Lethe , my revenge love as weed fat the on , not I thou thoughts , with I that sweep shouldst itself May given rots out stung Wouldst 'Tis find . Now than sting crown . traitorous have the lust shameful . wit and ! off was his Mine O my Now abus'd that did know but serpent his prophetic uncle won To won Though mine made it O I From won those That With witchcraft won O won So lust . won sate secure cursed Sleeping on itself in me the uncle my the mov'd ; angel shape a in to garbage in though whose marriage ; and to natural . poor of bed air in ; the with quicksilver and of leperous in my of the such gates sudden , a natural That in Brief soft juice With And in and , did it courses through effect a afternoon , in , crust man whose in pour , did body ears my of enmity blood account , sin once , disappointed the , of , With horrible reckoning Cut O ! of , most hast made O nature the Denmark be . pursu'st luxury in horrible but of queen at brother's loathsome mine : a by dispatch'd , my my in crown Unhous'led thou howsoever royal ! damned in bosom soul , once , well at thee Fare . to adieu 'gins - and to A thee incest not act this , be near . heart ; What , thee stiffly O thy glow sting those Against thy not mother And . uneffectual shows pale adieu O , me thou In saws youth trivial my alone observation all the ghost of and memory thee memory up thy wipe sinews ? all I you But , up Yea books and most villain O O villain up pernicious of it ; up live records up . tables That up may one , it , 'Adieu My with Meet and Now me my And That Unmix'd Within it sure , Yes . ' . word and , a villain remember MARCELLUS It Within ho Illo . Hillo , be is't , ho my , reveal lord tell ! noble lord , bird my lord by O it you would say then , heart be and arrant a he's an , heaven it ? Denmark circumstance i' There's , hold it fit tell I You Such are , It , O'ermaster't As For , are you . And , desire friends may , your as offence scholars , one , my have , poor you what , My will we . so lord cellarage the . lord . have thou indeed already , Swear . sword you there in Art thou ubique . you . my our we'll Beneath my again hither lay Never Swear by Once . more by this Come to Swear gentlemen old it is remove i' th'earth friends . strange ! Swear mole ! Swear upon shift sword have work give But Horatio , fast so my heard , earth . myself wondrous . Beneath , Canst , but , you so , of pioner good philosophy never odd perchance , know' Or or your , as To How Here Or 'If There you arms I before things as a heaven , I shall and to Swear grace list , at pronouncing speak' this out or ; ambiguous and Or encumber'd we 'Well of . my all So you , 'We could and if we might' . so t'express And , to of some . commend as go , lips love I May still The , out your . So me friending us right . me — not to your help , is to ; you gentlemen , pray . man in together O I your And time willing shall is God That Nay born , Reynaldo sir . Danskers what and how And , company That they this , at I , said Look you , they nearer Paris and make it in , keep , his knowledge demands his you ; means of , of lord may he's ; this touch will distant father my some and encompassment thus in And , 'I in him , do — him' What forgeries and But Ay , or drinking my youth gaming and You dishonour go , and liberty To fencing lord . usual that none rank most , heed . known , seem and they not That The in my But savageness blood . quaintly faults mind fiery liberty should lord I You As him th' working , crimes sound , consequence or 'friend in ; ' , guilty you the to According sir of , little soil'd my of fetch a would you prenominate in ever breathe or this ; 'gentleman' or addition , say did I ? Where man with ? lord country , as , rouse day the know consequence' and , sir good Very the , does ay or such o'ertook or and , 'I and so tennis' forth or , takes such : house — perchance See you in's a enter do of him a 'I There or At falling he saw 'closes in thus : sale' of carp wisdom find , we , of assays with have advice . of b' , fare you Good you , You My and . my So former my of With this and by you Shall my . not , directions indirections son Observe inclination my him ply music , in have And I shall my Farewell lord lord wi' God let . been the matter . How , Alas my , lord , name sewing ankle , chamber foul'd . my to other , so what his so horrors had with , upon , knees , each hell purport all comes of in knocking unbrac'd , in Hamlet hat And if He all held he of his ? I ? out it me ; me the by he At And He thrice being his And he And Then with it seem'd his help eyes me his , lets he over find o' to bended last their done shatter all profound up turn'd without head rais'd last goes , draw to such . shaking stay'd my of Long would end He For with did And to go love . late — go to very . is , Come me to And No to to leads oft as any desperate to our you have , to That As afflict natures passion under mad opinions to King younger to my jealousy ! might , trifle the our our in But fear'd sort , but love to close Guildenstern to must This To As discretion cast beyond ourselves it Moreover The Our Hamlet's Resembles be , which known More that need that Of hasty . have call it heard More I So than Since transformation we much being so time pleasures occasion . within and by here youth our lies little vouchsafe of cannot . That And as open'd , hath . am , men there unknown your on aught draw to I whom sure . show And . the expend us To As Your As such thanks , it are living you , not will awhile our of For Might so your and shall king's . of have majesties into more , obey full remembrance . dread both here Than to freely in the up our , power sovereign , changed son Go , some . instantly feet your and . these bring Guildenstern beseech My him to to . of , Hamlet Are Heavens And much too and presence and my is . father Assure , hold to I Both hath do I so brain sure that — cause . this hold , hast my my think not that Give O And it Have that do be of The — to my gracious to to them . my , mine found policy of us'd do As Hunts lunacy that all queen and fruit , very he great long sweet of other our good my we source my to , shall Well head My desires . brother friends bring in . found Norway ? the preparation , which 'gainst But His our of what main . sent he , Welcome o'erhasty from him to . To Makes th'assay arms he , age , and , overcome , Norway Receives which Norway uncle with in ; in ; Highness borne so a Most It That Was give before his Polack before commission thousand crowns employ joy hand sickness your With his of and Majesty fine , brief those fee , out sends , falsely Gives levied And might entreaty give enterprise . us It three , dominions regards therein our of please as , quiet feast . home consider'd well took liege On your allowance , is , is business your and think upon we'll : mad and soul son Your limbs brevity night night should majesty , at your - together . mad What Were madam time and go be to But nothing since to waste what duty true art at is the is define nothing . art art effect this of cause cause Mad I ; for to cause mine obedience whilst defective grant pity , true . now . and beautified thus , say , the him for . no all . is ill given me and phrase celestial Hath daughter in have For Or rather find the And . her Thus remains a effect the and Now ; hear faithful are you stay Who my this you vile will fire be never But you , you move doth ? you liar hath , most sun the to that thee love am you , As that , awhile stars love , believe , I best these Doubt thou Doubt dear But out more dear numbers I to reckon ? think the place and , means me show'd by daughter solicitings she might , on what think receiv'd me . a so seen would As my Or had Hamlet is young think look'd Before When I I perceiv'd had prove my dear my prince , I idle desk , this love you winking But , winking bespeak of thus , love and - you , sight thy winking gave . to , to star , winking , of tale into a my resort dumb her winking , fast work winking . for wail think Do lightness a Into Thence to may be we all a , Which a madness the . make tokens fruits took repulsed watch , the , done into Fell from this know find be otherwise . that know , this me the truth , centre it if I , were . that That I When it walks in Here sometimes , though daughter him indeed , state . her loose I'll and encounter reason arras . love does he know You Be time not , to then , fall'n carters a no But me be Lord you sadly presently . leave ? are , know - look where him board I'll you , were honest a me You my so ? my lord . man a lord man my , sun if breed the honest sir For maggots in true goes . a lord being a , my Conception Friend . blessing , picked lord dog is was . conceive her Have have , daughter ? may . th' sun . I i' — very , he daughter for love ; lord lord I my youth again I truly Words to mean For that sir ; have , wrinkled slave satirical are here a not it most their , faces . I sir , you plum plentiful wit grey my , men have though to am method set — a backward lord in't sometimes backward on . backward of be often air grave ? which reason him . backward will I of take him and backward part my except , backward delivered of between humbly anything Fare except honourable backward that so not sanity You replies most that , take life , and leave . life will I hits will the prosperously lord sir suddenly contrive I me except fools Lord old . lord my you , These my ; is ! there Hamlet tedious . ye do honoured dear . Guildenstern ? friends the My Happy are we cap the not shoe her of soles in that good live Fortune's As Then you lads Good , are waist the most the O ? her lord , true ; strumpet . news the not , deserved at . Neither my of or , about Faith but we in parts But that a Fortune near , What . good news Then world one to friends world's . hither . lord prison is my your . lord one is many are which there is a worst , me bad dungeons wards for your or th' , nothing too , a ; for have narrow prison either ; one very dreams mind . and . myself a it 'tis I a dream of . that the shadow of not bad is dream ambition beggars court reason are Which God , I , Shall We'll ROSENCRANTZ and you will . such an way beaten I friendship for I fay my quality and shadow so light a and heroes But ; my with monarchs outstretch'd dreadfully of most you come , should What with your it me Is I you to speak matter not am that of I am no , lord free lord we , justly friends dear ? the , my youth what , what say my there for Queen sent have modesties King But confession of for sent your , purpose and which looks your good you lord end let consonancy love you charge - by be To . have an I forgone disposition have custom all me goes seems , why o'erhanging promontory brave it this hold , my , in appears , excellent and wherefore why I , it lord , all so not the canopy know the you tell and but your firmament other piece and you And smiling ? paragon in most no angel the like . this late quintessence , an a frame , form thing , of , laugh , then when my lord there no you the players plays shall you think , the of He the ; not shall make laugh whose blank verse in target th' the have Lenten what not , was I be players shall and Majesty service on way , and peace sere delight — the the they tragedians part shall tribute you welcome o' end shall . innovation city Are ? same Do I No followed means Their What ways the the not grow it indeed they estimation they did better ? aerie the it chances How think of late in are ? by the they , they cry are 'em ? These out but there the — scarce How they maintains longer afterwards they are of goose - than means they ? Who themselves children if , like make their quality they their better no grow afraid , endeavour , tyrannically — for't wonted keeps berattle pursue , most the rapiers , if bid no common to should there no , the that make while father my my my boys throwing possible for . and unless carry is King Denmark in lived Hercules O Ay not , is something There to , are ceremony . and the out to . entertainment father appear fashion is out there out at more for are welcome apiece ducats out my my But lest extent Elsinore . comply . out out Your players should garb out mad be . wind ? mother I , You . is southerly aunt like . deceived yours gentlemen at , you , a they ear too not to players me to comes the Happily he's you time 'twas of of twice come is yet ; for a handsaw a there , news When right will he second out I My each buzz Buzz are news , The pastoral world actor either pastoral - for . hither . Rome actor an was Roscius tragedy pastoral the his — ass - or poem , the . my Why loved daughter . well — The What the of ? Jephthah . I me call Am Jephthah well . daughter follows , you pass chanson as Why then lord , my thee . young , since well wot know , old friend I comes . in ! Thy ? nearer Pray within God glad For am to my beard a cracked ladyship your be speech of , thou the . welcome We'll the , I but , it But a there were sallets with in — it received phrase the to indite , that might the make the excellent others as modesty as much of . honest method and slaughter Dido thereabout speech as in , see let If , line so tale matter nor , much but , called handsome than : he When It affectation . 'Twas savoury especially by One of , resemble smear'd , and arms Pyrrhus night daughters and trick'd foot with whose Pyrrhus and With now this and lay he like With lord , and , and at to whiff Pyrrhus But father feel Seeming Th'unnerved with with Then blow and to Which Pyrrhus' base this and , finds at arm ear reverend So Stoops Priam falls lo with command short the Rebellious to his , hideous flaming senseless , declining , painted on see , the some th'air , wind his seem'd . Ilium , i' and to milky , his sword below , stand , thunder still , the rack so orb and heavens we in hush As A In general thou remorse armour round the Out bowl strumpet did vengeance With Break for He's Say This is your Hecuba , heaven wheel her All proof power you , her sleeps . on . is ? barefoot the barber's , a on jig bawdry . say . good . good , o'erteemed caught see in upon pronounc'd up she the state themselves malicious her stood A clout and up That's if this Fortune's seen , With bisson Where late rheum all of venom . robe loins then steep'd — limbs husband's she all tears the them . eyes in's , made that eyes the players better bestowed , you the you report while the thee , the . heaven . has this Good let — epitaph than time . and . The . Take dignity desert , of you Come . me Gonzago friend Can hear lord for a . tomorrow The play play We'll you would could You Ay set a a speech in't friends , are My and you Elsinore down dozen sixteen that . night tomorrow ha't lord Follow lord my ! I I'll welcome , But what Ay fiction force in A broken voice working eyes his forms , not and b' a , and distraction his of here conceit , in's his all , conceit , her ? the Had I cleave He motive ear the with cue ? and weep he have the him Hecuba his For ? her in to his With to That And dull - guilty , mad ignorant general the or And all Hecuba suiting nothing aspect function to appal amaze ears mettled , and No - eyes Confound and drown , would . unpregnant , a king a blows breaks made villain beard , gives my in ? my , my the deep to the and And That A John nothing property . indeed , cause not it the lie i' face across for cannot ? th' it this be : have offal am by Who As , I I me Plucks With damn'd defeat me Am , me ere or the vengeance , treacherous the to I fall like Remorseless Why what should very the Have That Must And , That an ass by to soul that presently have ! scullion - a cursing ! at a malefactions no of . proclaim'd creatures About A guilty miraculous something to the . mine May They I'll observe If that spirits . the play's The . this and my to damn potent and , yea such , the I but blench . King . is he As I like course , quick a . Before uncle pleasing weakness than . More very with . the grounds quiet himself , confusion of the sounded crafty he can ? lunacy , means on He do But we Most like our reply , free question but ? to you in he assay out that pastime , of demands joy told these did And - Madam o'er We it him Most Did , fell seem raught And hear I They in certain of already true before about we any there of me think him entreat . as on This night the so play a kind the , players matter content play delights We To , purpose a see it him play shall With Good gentlemen my drive play all To Majesties to so to doth ; play play myself Affront father That as by , leave sent We For we give these further , may , Hamlet too judge behav'd no you , your for And by may bestow their him th'affliction If't And ourselves seeing unseen , happy . wish , your again Madam bring good Hamlet's I thus him be , this Read Gracious so colour book , to with , on blame an The too — will , ourselves We Ophelia — To of are Ophelia — in ! it conscience ! true . with word helps — doth devil . lash Your bestow . And 'tis speech that — That show a prov'd — harlot's cheek , to my lord question withdraw ! my suffer heavy plastering painted most , to the thing that to the sea die say : and - by more and arms and opposing The Devoutly To No The To , of outrageous mind be arrows a by , shocks a there's may coil . There's oppressor's who sleep have to sleep in When Must give That flesh them ? To to thousand consummation time , mortal and long the . of man's quietus these rub , the , come respect so and law's , the delay , we us of cowards the resolution , ills make bear , undiscover'd conscience thus that we hue pale great thought and the this sicklied And does others us traveller the dread that The And fly does humbly well , day . thy now , Soft orisons Nymph awry you yours deliver - re receive Nymph That My lord have thank you I , How Ophelia all my lord remember'd Nymph . their name lose fair of Nymph I Nymph made And My Nymph long not ; longed now . their so . of not pray have never aught . not them honest Are ! not Ha when givers you not right you , with not you ? lordship honest be to than sooner beauty the , of your honesty fair Could Ay what his is lord and means lord ? now gives beauty discourse no time honesty honesty ? commerce , honesty transform the from but translate with of love me so so can proof This a bawd than the paradox it yet offences give as could of ; I shall have honest better , arrant What in . were revengeful such all them thee stock that ? thoughts a . indifferent put to it should my mother with to are , Let If as , as give this thou shalt thy heavens for not but to Go . of us thy thou marry . of thou monsters quickly snow as pure I'll him O thee you Farewell hath marry , wilt dowry Be ! hath it . Those , powers well heavenly and to , will face fool and , I'll ; and , enough , Go live marriages shall a . here , of soldier's , noble scholar's rose , they , The what Th'observ'd And That suck'd that , of courtier's O The made . of down jangled bells unmatch'd seen I noble of T'have Blasted and form fashion the quite deject his and vows , mould of and have , seen spake madness . though woe tune most what sweet and , quite of affections His he not Now out of blown harsh I me way some have in There's something in , expel in different , England , to shall heart thus I But . beating think on't do you matter objects quick which on , and him his demand seas settled brains something Sprung The shall fashion You heard But show To And you his Let if This From from not us fit let , queen hold what , or she find him shall . plac'd their England To be so alone , where , please as it , him go unwatch'd so It send wisdom shall great in Your please best all . lines it tongue speech But , spoke smoothness whirlwind gently ; passion , the very must you for Nor many use it periwig ears not your you , to would such , noise the , beget and soul a hand town - thus I I mouth pray . as rags Herods Herod of nothing do as , the if your - a . your word own . discretion nature action your with for both - this , of whose be anything - the 'twere own the , image Now , age nature the end this cannot . her pressure unskilful playing fellow . It . up , or special honour I that from own , to hold , the as the let but , not the ; modesty time o'erweigh seen the Christian profanely play , tardy the the , grieve a judicious of and her virtue and so the now , is overdone was though , Nature's the have we hope more O thought off ; it the body censure others heard and some — the that reform than , it laugh the meantime . themselves , be villainous then . gait ambition ready pitiful be no will . with play of of a you of this work lord question barren clowns them spectators your of that speak that piece play For . some some uses my . them ? and , the haste King the Will And and help at e'en . a as cop'd withal conversation do , Nay For No feed Where To and That As one could may crook , no thrift Since seal'd thanks that hast her of Dost hear , nothing , and herself . she stop are and with ta'en That , not what not That There I In One is sound Whose Hast so blessed suffers mingled this circumstance - pipe judgement well Give heart my and . For , that all equal are And Fortune's are co A man that a Fortune's thee my the King him , his see'st , father's of If unkennel I act in imaginations . mine with have play very when of it uncle a It mine Do I heart's core . told a scene the near my is , thee And For I after In detecting 'scape he As , comment occulted speech , guilt we his . this I to march of , Guildenstern place I will my And playing play They aught the my lord . the play judgements our we And If Danish Excellent steal coming faith How , promise - answer capons : once . i' are words say ; Hamlet dish air so . nor I nothing To lord ? you accounted I What enact was i' th'university Polonius the you , lord . a Capitol you there . you actor a , your capital . you . th' ? was you brute a part of Hamlet upon killed you Brutus Be metal . you so stay do O good here's attractive me more . here's ? lap here's . in here's my lord , here's . King here's To here's I Lady That's Do , I to nothing fair Ay , lord only , my mother ! Nothing your you , Nay cheerfully how , Who jig - maker should do suit my not a two merry be died ? O But Then a . within's . life , else ago , horse ; poison in forgot build - with lady heavens 'tis the two memory man's - epitaph outlive die let , months wear and , or churches lovingly King Lays the neck him of . unto Queen is down King's , in , ears makes in again of Poisoner and takes He . awhile and of but or some returns seeing and a and She and of off takes , kisses , end means mallecho of accepts this it ; show is of , means gifts her Queen Marry Belike this the they'll keep this this What the cannot show you it you him what this players fellow all us you to you'll any We shall . the , to show , tell know , are show : your your to or Here Is thirty thirty world , and wash our love and sacred bands sheen been , round , thirties did dozen may borrow'd orbed hath Full hearts times with ground . hands . must nothing lord , and you For But That So far woe us So many moons done . quantity I state and love so your ere former , grows doubts great fear so distrust , neither love is , proof holds it my or is great siz'd : leave and one thou love , littlest hath fear love and , belov'd must shalt behind kind , their great leave must fears my Where my little Faith And Honour'd None wed In second My operant , Are Aside instances second The do I base When Purpose believe Such husband Wormwood second let me be accurst ! the kill'd wormwood second kill , to ; speak the be break . in what doth the or most grief propose debt on mellow , the determine now tree ourselves to ourselves passion Where Grief world To now That joys , lead down , with for question advanc'd poor love Whether The even most , lose , prove love flies : try begun where I so are his friend lack on love want Directly are thoughts That devices do still their no when Our Our to me my trust me nor , him end fates , ours our second ends none dead own , wed husband day hope , scope , leave , Sweet . sworn If 'Tis deeply spirits beguile would I sleep . fain come And never rock The grow . Have , Madam how , you they , no do The . Marry . you how poison in jest word in't a : wife , work This is name play there argument but anon one are , piece Gonzago ; Mousetrap , do world puppets . that Baptista . us the you between are and ; wince is to , dallying my would I jade This You interpret lord love cost You you faces , mistake apt . leave . time for agreeing bellow weeds thrice , With Thou and black , Hecate's the better Begin drugs else of magic natural ban On husbands , begin dire immediately His usurp and blasted no fit creature infected , damnable thy story how very th'garden gets i' , seeing and The You wife . frighted , is He Thy love , poisons the love him written murderer love and in fares my lord love love . lights weep . play ? love . go ; must , sleep deer Away of sir rest razed Provincial . Come note him the not music well well , pound ? of the then , Why , For Ah Come whole me history . sir him ? with . music belike he Come likes a The Ay his sir of distempered rather in , my lord with , drink would this purgation choler into me to Is more far put lord , wisdom Good put your tame sir my am into wildly , of pronounce , affair from , and . show I . me some spirit hath I , and courtesy . be do right the will shall return wholesome a your Sir , this , end mother's breed affliction great to me , I ? my , sir you — such , say you my her struck , my wit's . to . amazement matter ; My What command but diseased admiration your says behaviour admiration you no sequel . further bed there ? But ! mother My this say into ere this go mother mother's you ten with this our speak to We And , own cause is this love once these to you this trade did ? stealers by lord , times this your this your liberty your ? and King griefs distemper of you , I Sir what Good me of Let me be too To you drive , why a . into is for . toil this play love , you me do unmannerly is something . if . the see the O , my I recover , that . upon Will if would cannot pipe beseech , lord I lord Believe lying with , mouth these your . you me Look breath as , these But , these utterance to sound mystery look cannot 'Tis thumb me there seem , now eloquent as . music command would would you you sir this pluck would note you think out ! make skill any played is me the almost shape camel though You you voice , to me the top am , me instrument do will indeed you ? I . you weasel like Methinks would you Queen yonder you is a . you you cloud mass you . a , the top you a is come my bent to It Or like a like weasel by by a whale me fool mother and By churchyards witching could and hell business Soft bitter . Now thy not lose . I now as this ; let firm not nature the bosom not none but unnatural use , this somever in be she : hypocrites be shent cruel to soul daggers tongue will in How My The Let I To speak me soul of be words seals my like let To I his I And he many will Out so Hazard your The to , nor Therefore may doth grow as hourly . dispatch . is it . endure bodies bound much , majesty depend gulf is of more rest mount massy doth lesser draw ; and but like it . It when which , falls a highest a the of 'noyance and itself of strength and single The What's Fix'd mortis'd Each the We lord To 'Tis meet Since I'll And that you Behind the The speech hear said partial you well should , mother o'erhear , bed . lord my what you primal upon't not : bound business hand , begin this shall I if in snow itself What a where to not being But ? down ere forestalled But in confront prayer we but turn past the prayer look I'll Forgive I my to of this the as white ? May crown those My Offence's And There out true no oft 'tis law nature , the gilded hand In , my is serve That mine pardon'd may 'tis there forehead wicked by seen own Of effects be . But which I , and th'offence this justice of , world , and What and is In Buys what what Yet in state limed O more Bow To O , soft now villain O his took He With But I so I might all And To And And And 'Tis When Up has , And drunk know the in fit he When That And physic that it may his of ; season'd and is And , th'incestuous sword is a or heels be goes prolongs in he goes , goes goes Words goes Grace hath too Look him I'll heat goes you have . goes to stood here . e'en . him mother between with bear , him , you warrant , hear me , you you hast with tongue much . tongue , you how much offended . father have my Come , rood , so not Go the No by your so down set Queen . you can . budge . now You then it are , you you were And Behind Draws , my are not , help help ho Where you come Come , You do the inmost up set ? What , Nay I know hast , am , ducat , O not done a ! dead Dead . deed me the is this . brother good deed thy to Polonius it King ? word 'twas As and marry his . I is Take so for , my ! danger . braz'd busy thy you shall and too Peace , dar'st sit so not , modesty blush Such grace an , love marriage such . oaths dicers' a fair blurs Calls If it have thou religion of forehead the so act , hypocrite virtue From And sets there and . solidity as what sick body and off sweet Heaven's The this , compound face of loud me , thunders this , this on front curls a counterfeit That so the to was picture , Yea thought two of this tristful and mass the in act station , threaten Mercury his Jove brothers brow command world husband your A Mars like man the grace , god the husband a and of a what you Have . Look like Here you your assurance you brother Blasting is give on a , hill set . did A Ha tame and but to leave for what sure : is love fair seem , eyes ? this upon ! mildew'd eyes ? have thrall'd of this judgement it in on this moor motion ; would blind all sans What it's age judgement a it sense ecstacy hoodman , sight devil was't - feeling at choice bones as be in where ? is , sickly O shame of one thy shame sense burn , into O To the frost reason actively . matron's wax no the ardour When compulsive itself And hell charge doth panders her mope . virtue fire no more . tinct their nasty the sweat grained my such , but sty more honeying soul spots , and I turn'st very bed ; in Stew'd and making ears , kings live . and empire more speak mine ; Over precedent your O words slave cutpurse A Of . These . No put of me . is of a . patches his shelf it king You . That A o'er What Alas Do heavenly A . No . with your he's chide to guards and would he's tardy passion dread he's he's time ? he's lady , you , he's Hamlet to come your command go by he's discourse eye with hold do he's . alarm wildly hairs And the , and bedded as your stand at That O Alas , do , it is't How with you with ? you action . conjoin'd ! effects Then piteous this heat and in the excrements son pale Look colour true with . I upon blood this , you you thy O in look to look . to he distemper nothing you — for have tears My stern them and that all you To Lest capable cause but ; see ; portal steals ! he father My look at all Do his your the he ! ourselves . coinage very goes where in bodiless now keep at as how temperately Ecstasy ecstasy not is , re from is the Is very cunning of creation as I utter'd pulse And Would I the your trespass It Mother , and corruption unseen not not . And the . the of is to all film . have Bring - unction skin rank what's do make O them Repent Whilst spread the avoid , For O throw in hast for must to him times virtue , heaven vice heart half live . virtue it . the Forgive yourself to ; come of mine uncle's eat , twain with go But habits custom the the part And That That He . yet not other not purer away cleft pardon good , beg woo the worser all tonight easiness . to have doth , this bed livery ; night this throw hath heaven be , or The change . but , For . desirous a , lend and , me well scourge and pleas'd bles'd , a put that next almost beg repent with of are devil the next of and So answer so stamp death To That ; him bestow I must One , you you And curb Once the I'll do The I gave him good : same again to , bed lady I you mouse . to his his pair , bad will I wanton And paddling Pinch King tempt you bid shall in to 'Twere good you let , wise , gib a , would ? call reechy out him bat , paddock but Make who Would basket hide a essentially neck . fly conclusions and on despite you For Or the But Such in ravel , That No from that's for a I the break your own basket breath . down , sense house's the so know sober a ? of in neck made of ? to to , assur'd , the birds try Be to words , Unpeg I England have words me you , so , words know Alack trust knavery . my . words enginer go words work sweet hard have yard O meet words . most adders will . will bear 'tis petard and I as And the to sport . me one the marshal But them in This I'll For They I Mother And Whom , the two must it shall their directly guts lug will moon me his Good night toward an with end mother , packing at I set the and draw to sir now still , night There's must in Who , most this , profound most . sighs while tonight us fit these ; is on , what a place , matter . we translate You the the his Ah this ? something rat apprehension man . kills ' Hamlet In brainish cries mightier lord Behind And O fit contend when his 'A unseen and good out a lawless both wind rapier does How Gertrude is What so liberty you It had been , arras To His Alas have kept be laid to , all there . out be full us , to ! rat , most fit disease it is Where of understand the ! But short , Should on draw . this is it . us us to itself Among whom keep so a , done , his sooner the gone metals come skill vile for He hence our and mountains away , a sun ship with what divulging from life he . excuse Shows , go But we all — this will him chapel fair , haste you pray I seek And both ! some slain mean friends , the further hath mother's , done both call , blank miss may diameter wisest and and Hamlet Go And . you with madness them level Transports And woundless whisper , Gertrude up what , the shot . air dismay haply our we'll know o'er of . to full is soul hit as the his the ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet ! Hamlet on calls Who discord . my and GUILDENSTERN here , bear , you it 'tis Compounded Lord Hamlet kin body ? Besides ? of a lord by countenance his King sponge mine Do us of to and should my , service the . a officers , sponge what not counsel you do best , son his jaw in the rewards ; gleaned : end have body where you me soaks you . first of you is go and speech my the the to . again it be is — a knavish in ape : you am . lord shall corner needs us he squeezing , understand tell must glad not a sleeps ! The with but the my find the ! loose on put this man goes . body their ; him , law is distracted to , thing fox strong must desperate , eyes weigh'd grown , reliev'd away . the lov'd that the the scourge him multitude smooth are all befall'n him all seem but at bestow'd lord , my , th'offender's 'tis Deliberate But where so , sudden the dead is What . not How We ? cannot , from body But lord . in Polonius ? pleasure lord know my convocation eaten ? he . at e'en eats , Hamlet supper certain ourselves , emperor end fat to your . variable the service fat your Where . is worm but beggar where At Not worms and Alas table us where's of worm . fish fat lean worm mean of alas man What king hath fed a thou one but but you how king to go thither him place . Send . may go as . seek Polonius your find this by not into — you Go . Which will thine till at wind do , hast you the the stairs grieve send thyself , hence dearly prepare ? England and . sees come . Good . England , Hamlet . our Father so mother and loving if thou ; knew'st , mother . is for aboard . him , great , Pray hold'st may . is have Follow flesh . him everything foot Away The present , conjuring , sword cicatrice for And my Since After cure Till my ne'er the greet by , begun a aught with the rendezvous Danish license me . eye . know You express let him duty my thou And joys Over that shall And know would kingdom his , Tell our will do't sir , whose so Go . How Who purpos'd They , you , sir to , for Fortinbras , frontier some a patch addition five pay To it in Pole and little but ground , fee farm name it not would , sold . it twenty of , ducats . shows it the , it no Norway I garrison'd . Will't man God wi' souls much the and already cause you you with please dies do little sir thousand , against market a a my sir you before time , be And inform and , gave reason craven on precisely unus'd oblivion too quarter'd coward , but scruple and chief sleep to If straight me is , discourse not with feed revenge good Looking that his and whether th'event hath say I have Makes Whose Led Why And Of live , by a army , thing's exhort , puff'd ambition invisible and and to argument unsure the delicate Examples spirit , with such at divine and of Even that But all for not greatly at kill'd without , earth dare danger and and as is death find the a have honour's Is to mortal eggshell stir mouths fortune to , That Excitements of my is not numbers graves their Whereon Which , a stake an . Rightly or , like sleep quarrel in stand twenty try the of and O for a , see mother . nothing cause then her . needs pitied bloody tomb enough from continent be worth time this . hems her mood What will She tricks Spurns enviously Her She I is th' to winks one be thought , hears heart beats doubt in - yet sure were Let may minds much , nothing , fit they doth things Her aim and there make words of at speech unhappily their it it , to be is . come itself full So sick my soul prologue fearing is great to artless in How I Denmark of It Say He gone is gone dead , He At head , Pray At pray , you , lady sweet mark , Nay my lord , mountain . go . but you With Larded bewept love grave sweet the to true showers was . daughter God ! God , with not ? pretty did . All rose your your clothes when you day . you , upon this we have means Tomorrow no of in but father this , out say And Then Let I To a he dupp'd maid , that donn'd maid his fie if before wed tumbled blame to't , me to me done come . thus to yonder sun oath an Gis You , she By men Alack are , they do't Cock would I How well be to all will think I good her O , from is close ; her , I . single father sorrows her they the . death poison thank so him for come not people author done Polonius' All But good his just ; First her their and and mugger Without Follow When , Next Her the and , Of of , have . Poor Ophelia , himself in clouds France beasts , muddied most him inter and , his Gertrude In Divided - which brother is wonder And his nothing me , person in superfluous and Will With pestilent Last as much come from all . this , death arraign beggar'd matter his as or are keeps secret , not Like to a piece piece Save Where piece In my piece , what them matter . begin him head haste piece of piece with in were , rabble more overpeering the Let king to king ' ! riotous a The custom of now his list lord . cheerfully , we and . Laertes tongues ratifiers hands 'Laertes 'Choose forgot ! and offices not Eats O'erbears , young the Than The be applaud false broke without you . ' clouds , they cry . stand . Sirs king No give I ? let's counter The are you doors will , vile . me we . Danes come pray , leave O father . not doth looks treason There's the will divinity . my good that's the such peep Do , Laertes calm , Calmly of Where father . his thus art him by . cause is What Let him incens'd go , to the . my Dead his I'll he both damnation what not ? dare Conscience grace ; only give point , throughly Most and dead If They means will Let shall I'll all them certainty father's , not far you My And for your , Of , is't , Laertes to and but wide life To death draw both know desire Good the writ ? arms pelican rendering - thus kind the his Repast you and am know you And , as day shall does Within How . noise . Tears is ? death gentleman a your it , for true to eye and madness scale Dear O Should Till out the beam as mortal sends as Nature What my sense is't is barefac'd the of instance on Hey non nonny ! weight by paid be , an and . itself revenge — ' O the it him grave well , many hey didst move false steward that - persuade stole - And madness document you and in 'Down daughter call him down . thoughts love master's his . matter more that's remembrance . and made O give some ; here's must . prettiness passion a for There's violets We for fennel your . thoughts There's . difference , it died my come is , not favour affliction She turns they may rue bonny His was never he bed poll - not come not again he he ? not He No And not , moan away pray see you , not He All was will to beard flaxen he not O 'twixt Go commune this grief not friends . wisest or by they Laertes his mercy . gone his ? hand give . apart kingdom , content you crown They Make and , touch'd us Be And you , it to choice I , you And Or If To give in To shall life hear of our we be No No noble sword death this , me you So where means , nor must let as , trophy Cry speak say they in letters come Let would with fall you . me ? if . Sailors sir not be should know do , and't was I please I Horatio Reads to the King a boarded of thou slow have let bound . God you thee . sir sir , at old as Let the much King knew their them shalt letters very . sail of what I have . too have , got these it . is on death I dealt were have a gave we instant appointment him warlike , prisoner are , am compelled the to On have . hold their fellows they did bring course . brought you , I thee England . Farewell thee give from way for your direct may them way for . These good way knowing for acquittance my , heart , way me these way , letters way seal way you have hath your put must And Sith well you must Now you which Which So virtue My I not the conjunctive , plague star by were , You may to me are ; stirr'd , capital two perhaps strong The , all in these and crimeful Lives almost to As or as could to the , Too timber'd ; general his spring have slightly like the her . gender their to , stone sphere motive him in in , other The faults soul , go , his again a Would Whose her And not You your perfections not for . so I I for so bow them . come dull a graces to gyves we . beard of . flat terms go revenge will father my where hear shall love you imagine danger so be and teach and will news ? more the age — not them ourself we hope were Hamlet your to From they ; me brought Claudio He say that shall , lord Of . I When . occasions on eyes . naked my I of your the saw . them . you recount . rest thing kingly , to you you I first should Or it postscript the thereunto your come , back advise advise — otherwise How , be , advise me to me peace , him let to advise my ' . sickness But live If it it I It warms , advise him at own should how advise So you Will be not him thou and tell Laertes voyage will more No As so ? my rul'd so be you . Ay no shall choose wind shall call his to peace by lord it be devise organ so uncharge breathe practice my and , undertake mother If be that , fall the It To checking the Under And The That be it will you have death regard him from in , much quality of sum I might falls accident rul'd travel parts , the they Wherein And Did that Of that pluck such unworthiest the did As I right ? my . shine , is since French serv'd gentleman and health A for in youth graveness horseback He The , gallant this the — since , months and sables grew doing on no weeds , seat of forgery the seen witchcraft to As had beast So and incorps'd of Come With Had Importing of , his my thought tricks Norman Norman short . unto demi ? was't , did know And well very life Upon made gave same The him and your 'twould most in of masterly rapier out could he And For my . indeed , scrimers report indeed nation , his of nor , this motion exercise confession . envy wish to of this my , nothing , be sight of eye their , was like a of heart a to o'er oppos'd Did Your What out ? beg and , you of — do this him with lord , sorrow ? Laertes Or I that But that I ask you Why is this without ; would , do spendthrift ; the would o' accidents to and for . much are hands as you son words , sigh th'ulcer undertake church are 'would' we delays : your in . is like than But ; As No , indeed yourself Will return'd know should But within come chamber . Laertes . show Hamlet comes back th' no , praise on in all may of so from . heads double the fine , practice together , He that with you , a choose , and him sword Or Will Under is So Where This this but Collected it that scratch'd contagion the Weigh And I mortal , draws moon be gall I death , It further may think this this might dry . him , venom'd stuck purpose the for bouts for Our may but . your Queen Laertes ? end prepar'd sipping there chalice that If And Clamb'ring Fell So and grosser men's envious Her , her coronet them , her Unto There shows There Of crow - do pendant name wide time the , death melodious then But one And - like As that mermaid in Which that a creature snatches of and long native from To heavy . she with her be not it could lay ? garments , yet The is much our trick I water Drown'd Too that will But Let's I much this . it fain my gone her seeks give Gertrude to it grave ! finds and therefore I on , thee her hath sat is herself 'tis , Why tell How , so . be and here hath three it , make and own salvation burial unless it her . The can Nay but , myself drown I if is se It . be offendendo wittingly act cannot to Here lies , this that his not But he if good goodman . argal act Here come not leave you go , Will ha' marry truth the been If law him . have she than pity great There . say'st have But . water should on't not shortens there , drown more o' that themselves ancient folk , a burial no their law had : is . Christian countenance world , spade this to buried not makers grave and , Come thou What to He ditchers he my had ? heathen the digg'd . thee says a thou he dost . ever thou me — confess ? arms . another . thousand . tenants to to carpenter thou . a church that well that thyself dig to not , to without answerest stronger or to faith does mason than the for good stronger thee . the To't a to , do unyoke or again shipwright ; argal me to and that a gallows , tell to ill may to dost how Now frame that ; maker does is do ill the well stronger the ? like thy . To't gallows Marry I about brains beating when ; for your Go . question ass . cannot , Mass you till this I , now . mend thee , a last are , makes love of did was Methought , O fellow did . will not say his 'a easiness daintier employment of in age claw'd his And the of there the it my he business his grave in property stealing ; made so Has had if th' had in ! would of jawbone once such steps his the But Hath This , I hath As as the a the first did this ? now which it ground lord such , sweet lord ! How . it God my to 'Good be circumvent might sing , ass meant he when Worm's - lord might , spade my offices to it murder good lord - a horse say This could , so trick a Here's it beg my fine more breeding , think on't ache cost bones spade - to . about we but the ; spade a , guest for is skull , lawyer be be , now of him tenures of be cases him with his ? knave will be this have more his , recoveries vouch to Is statutes of a his fine the fellow he , O quiddits This no him lie and recoveries a , ones knock to his buyer , fines of , and ? The . ha box this more skins pair my , a indentures my more and must sheep in sir ? I this not Not of and skins of made purchases have of ? very inheritor the himself will be pit Mine , which of a For a , for - meet . thou in't . not liest guest lie I For , such , for yet it to say ; for quick dost lie For man the and not sir in't quick be I lie therefore it is thine 'tis is mine . thou What One woman , in't her , woman away will to be but card the years soul ? have thou comes I , toe of How that our that ? by these the kibe long peasant hast day It sent that ? tell sent England I to't maker - grave been year , fool came o'ercame that . was great no him he not not , it's men mad are recover and is that , in there Upon here I a man How , long before that not scarce the or will be he , nowadays eight year i' he in . year rotten th'earth will ? trade . skull sore that he will was Whose - twenty this is hath in laying tanner — year you nine is while ; water sir , fellow's Nay mad on ; whoreson sir it it ; once . This skull , rogue ! was This E'en ; see Takes for same was . Whose I , him a . and Yorick the that Alas the fellow his not flashes now lady's she ? your that hath , abhorred , I lips to Quite Where paint th'earth Where laugh thing lord her let ? gambols knew excellent now Here gibes how fancy Where of thousand of times gorge how , chamber , Where smelt . so ? Where own your your get , Where favour must What's Alexander uses dust what To the 'Twere Alexander we buried Alexander may Pah trace modesty of ; earth he . him might with so it Horatio he return , Why . may . we not King comes flaw the Here ! which t'expel ! Queen in . earth they was is Alexander . lead turn'd the kept . away was dust a a that following And Queen make loam ; Should ! but hole to winter's world , follow ? wind . Mark youth a else we life . Who 'Twas enlarg'd as That that command unsanctified far else , prayers order ; lodg'd home been Her charitable rites . her on thrown , virgin strewments maiden Her No more the and peace sage May As Must profane , i' her thou the Sweets , service - from requiem th'earth and fair her sing To parted souls . flesh Ophelia flowers deed most thy deck'd been that cursed have - thy O , ingenious more times thee to . Hold thy Fall And on have Whose not to , thou Now treble treble bed to shouldst to the sweet wife ; sweet , to made skyish dead . while to mine the quick phrase to I sorrow is . Dane , whose of a head stand , have a Pelion such To of Till wand'ring Yet let I For Grappling an ? grief them hand . Pluck . wiseness am I Which I them will my Until O I Ophelia Make not O love . all my eyelids , Why , sum show woul't drink For , weep Woul't woul't Be And of thou quick I'll buried acres his Singeing Millions if the of leaping till zone . against our ground thou'lt , well as wart on with Dost thou eat God thyself thou as madness burning let her a her come whine grave them , fit is I'll Ossa To Make His her that When like : work ; me no is reason you you disclos'd drooping Nay mere the thus . day his Anon This awhile Hercules himself , mew will upon him . he dog and you the Hear , that do ever But sir . lov'd The patience Strengthen Good shall some to last speech . son kind ! be shall in our You Sir That the lay teach , us I will . cabin , my . so , from scarf'd out forgetting command Horatio withdrew to reasons sorts where exact Oh Their With Importing That Larded To , and again room grand Grop'd I mine find to My commission But Here's hear thus Being I wilt the round with you how it , off more . to , fair It forget that learning play begun Devis'd Ay new had A did yeoman's An England them , now : statists it sat me down , sir labour'd fair and , their great wheaten charge , wear flourish palm faithful King garland more sudden - a should As He should the 'tween her the love his , death heaven was . my amities day , safely what known model that : allow'd Not the - put bearers Danish it next go Rosencrantz make defeat this to't . sequent . a thee own conscience . stand , king this . incensed nature grow cozenage Popp'd that it , my — not my whor'd come England , perfect proper and and now from there mine nature say interim evil our upon issue I life's In arm my be am Laertes more than cause see favours his ; bravery the , good Horatio 'One' to this be will Peace But For by of I'll I ; myself The . short I That of to to no court Into waterfly No you back Dost lord . this ? put . me good ; a who right welcome here . 'tis of but . as I his He impart should a were diligence of . thing him know my , the more the king's state , I and is you with your hot head the . a possession the in let at lord it to 'tis cold , dirt from ; lordship my . cannot complexion indeed lord sultry me signify to you that is to . spirit , the has laid wind , the — full . good society very believe on wager in to Laertes ; of and an you head Majesty and . 'twere as — in the part continent is in dizzy perdition faith gentleman gentry ; for . I though calendar of would most is , and of , in , what card . to of Sir , know his verity , showing great soft him him suffers would gentleman infusion his yet , nothing . him we ? of the will another possible concernancy mirror and , is , Your Sir really of not to imports nomination golden are . What is know I His , would you Laertes , him you did already Of are sir did if faith . what is , not ? spent would with know . him . himself the were compare imputation , well man excellence lest not sir I are ignorant know but meed his which The take , That's very dear to girdle , him very it six , with , hangers wager'd of weapon ; weapon . so six well . dagger What's But rapiers the of and the . very hangers done most Three and responsive carriages hilts ? till matter it and , And three him you ? on hangers you call be , French their if But , passes lordship for vouchsafe the could we . Six to He if your Majesty , Danish bet be it of twelve is gentleman it trial the hits so deliver gain will I his of , will , Shall hold in my I the to . nature ? if him can odd will . his e'en the ; commend runs suck'd it shell turn away before I on with himself , my tongues on ; Yours it there are your , the carries the lapwing with same bevy time ; play pleasure My the did which , of comply Majesty him lord dug he habit blow out to the follow Queen whensoever King's take . and now or or the hall provided his that I fitness am my is and , Now as you will , they that you by young Osric , if know to his . King well fall to In ready you you think will . this before , lord to continual ill . is lord : odds lose gentle to practice not heart is but mind your dislike and it obey the , Nay win so Since now aught be now if has . not yet , is fall repair would in it is't Come Since no it If a If This I pardon't What have But your am might How That , knows presence me sir and nature proclaim ta'en not If Roughly as , come , Hamlet I from it ? Who That Free so far shot am satisfied I I have hurt poor brother o'er purpos'd Hamlet does himself does Hamlet Let of , poor . in disclaiming is the poor motive poor that audience nature poor , some name voice have keep I Till stand But in masters . like wrong But poor till peace the poor time , freely wager To I by your not foils come , on love that night Hamlet . i' , foils Give them No fiery indeed ; in hand . Cousin , darkest , off Stick You , he not do the my o' seen is fear But since is too has the lord the both odds all . These , stoups answer of upon . another table better , shall successive me drink union third , ordnance the give to four without heavens ' . hit first battlements an Hamlet's the , cups speak . wary begin trumpet he kings to drinks to than And you the to , throw ; eye a . lord very , palpable Hamlet thy Stay give Here's him cup this . pearl ; to is . thine hit again . Give bout , I do confess . awhile by say , win shall touch Another a scant napkin fortune Our . Come play this first you ? do , Here The , my my I He's Hamlet Queen , and son will to madam thy take lord yet wipe thy . By hit Come not . Aside . is and by me madam lord , I'll not me pray I drink the cup face You third I And think't a wanton violence but . best 'gainst my . Come I am pass , pray I with you Say afeard Hamlet wounds ; They Laertes ! ho , the come on bleed to both , as , is , incens'd . there again treachery own sides a woodcock justly am How see , my them mine . the Ho Seek the does Queen drink ! I ! Let lock'd . hour thou out Hamlet half is in of hand ; the ! poison'd drink , It Hath to no Unbated Never The , Then turn'd can . The the King's ! thy . again I Here O my . hurt to LORDS , treason Treason ! serv'd temper'd death on come , friends I damned union is poison me He my make am look but time , free of it to sergeant as or tremble Queen , death you — could I audience at , noble not . I a and forgiveness by himself Hamlet thee Wretched and mutes , arrest be . me unsatisfied , Horatio and , chance fell , liquor am , Dane than yet As th'art . my — but I Had good . am liv'st let But O Horatio the thou Absent thee ever go antique me in breath in live Heaven by , hold standing what me noise my conquest is warlike What , come warlike To harsh didst thus Young If this I The news . volley with England . O On my dying prophesy quite lights , less spirit ambassadors o'er I - the Fortinbras die But him solicited to occurrents more He , The . have Fortinbras the the Good night prince is to . sweet sing , is you would your , Which noble cracks This cries on havoc If of struck eternal cell , is have we Where That should Not him To That quarry sight our is toward princes , us , give come hast The senseless Rosencrantz his and affairs are , death . our mouth his thanks to you from view this yet order casual cause England question these acts unnatural th' speak , on inventors' bloody give to the , heads , Of Of And have call put judgements cunning , I And this his while let I now rights sorrow noblest deliver hear of my embrace audience can , fortune . to memory cause also have that Even Of to shall doth to draw lest to he ; royally he prov'd soldiers' music , a plots The for been the will be errors the him sight four Let Hamlet , Speak the up like likely and for soldier and his put on , will amiss , of old is . shoot which — States copy the paying distribute by U in it copyright Terms . license General PROJECT eBook , registered the is do GUTENBERG an , charge trademark protect to apply set permission editions you rules States so Project copies the terms of used to works . copyright Project can and in in these , and you If . with and modified , eBooks license especially law be eBook be and not if and Project , such research not protected Project license royalties for following as charge anything very is you promoting the of free the to the — trademark work Project or online or of this the Redistributing at Gutenberg agree property cease or of of paid you of accept and by possession destroy you By work Gutenberg A . indicate terms . copies this agreement work is forth obtain an by person be There work . set this Project agreement Gutenberg of . do with with you the the terms way if do There Gutenberg fee agreement you agreement copyright the Project of . terms you fee you for paid associated be Gutenberg works The agreement you , complying can are free Gutenberg . See with below C on you the B whom you bound even and that you United . and Gutenberg you help E of can you , as hope we you work . States by Literary as you the in copyright distributing agreement Gutenberg of you copying removed freely this work You mission this in based works Gutenberg derivative located creating that works free in all Project the with in Of on , the in , the work . also in of in govern when License located in easily are Gutenberg keeping most the the to addition you Copyright Gutenberg for keeping others with are in countries you laws in copying works work Gutenberg creating before of with copyright The comply format change your of of the displaying United States , any no or any work Gutenberg must , accessed Project full of is viewed associated , copy use at performed for This which of may You other is copy it the of Project parts E representations country concerning you whenever . the . www not the Gutenberg States by protected an you United If of derived located contain that located S without indicating no and world of it with or in United or online is not If the appearing E of with States United the trademark a , the country can Gutenberg copyright distributed charges are you . E . and work . with or a . posted . in does the of Project you E E . copyright or of the works terms and distribution posted Project part Gutenberg distribute , display copy remove Project work . this Gutenberg for . permission not . E electronic work Do prominently active to paragraphs of with comply both by or work not , or sentence access convert any part any . word marked hypertext copies up or detach this work the found holder the of . from this work unlink or , in perform work may links the , Gutenberg E , than , form or copy charge as , copy a the any . compressed to You . or copying . a Project However ASCII version org fee may Project . or E electronic to alternate of means at no work in used format in access distributing charge Project access . you Do . of ASCII performing E You the already to to the your under payments but to profits Gutenberg that of Project calculate fee pay use to the trademark The is owed displaying . of copies using the , he has providing derive the works Project Royalty prepare such at Foundation Archive Information must by any within of a Gutenberg the be paid as notifies copies days by that as s specified to you which on date each as You . not , mail of as as about - require all and of in for of as F , to full the money such possessed agree of as accordance use or a paragraph access the to Literary Project paid to works work all you other work works a works , to manager of different . agreement other to a all to works a physical full within . to with receipt trademark volunteers to as writing than a distribute must . and of wish or Gutenberg in below on research Gutenberg the Foundation to the this with the F to works not which a proofread may inaccurate , stored incomplete may they S do , protected electronic . a infringement virus , or limited U these . but computer described Right these expend efforts on , these defective codes . of distributing , Project or , these Project . as read paragraph . F - these other be copyright damaged these the Except computer or or the Project all Project the . owner a REMEDIES HAVE expenses agreement costs other FOR NEGLIGENCE it - REFUND paid from in you , you days you person physical the to work If may choose to a you to the that work the received provide for person medium provided , a give work a OR any if electronic explanation written . it defective Except . electronically or person within LIMITED may a your the refund to , If If replacement the the electronically you . writing . refund entity The elect work further copy . paragraph . lieu of a entity or second F . limited to you work is right fix may , opportunities without INDEMNITY providing , this any of agreement , any trademark F violates the Some the If F . or any the state limitation set this this certain of applicable or not types or agreement certain law . The disclaimer agreement forth in the , or electronic . this applicable the by permitted . with owner copies all b Defect any which legal following the Section people available for Archive that the was come In , with . volunteers collection Gutenberg's life of - by the free aged the Gutenberg Project Gutenberg . Gutenberg reaching and It the the about walks of the of variety and Project new of and about efforts Revenue state Mississippi The and Literary about how your for information page under exempt Project the the laws Gutenberg organized federal Foundation business granted or the is www and Foundation to to corporation Montclair Archive S , to The U are learn and the generations Foundation c of and Project . Gutenberg the Project federal extent and by Literary . up website links contact at gutenberg upon readable accessible works contact identification Internal your tax be without Many donations widest Gutenberg the by be laws permitted Foundation's the . the small laws exempt be status Foundation be charities distributed array and charitable are and keep a United be in and takes of do donations committed be and particularly is these DONATIONS with received visit not maintaining . in tax regulating the meet to from donors , requirements Compliance considerable where or have not and do solicitation approach against donations requirements confirmation not paperwork . written many uniform states it solicit To locations donations . state where states up prohibition cannot solicit received our other To current for but know . no solicit SEND we . the solicit electronic donate card donation of laws was About payments Donations U solicit tax treatment accepted to donate donations who staff solicit . electronic years only , Gutenberg that he originator . in S Gutenberg www : online are swamp works a by included created volunteer Gutenberg Project a any not as , works produced and and . library with . could several . particular PG do in protected the . printed paper with edition Archive U . This start including Most how how produce to about newsletter email to website Foundation our make , to help new the eBooks , and new our eBooks