? and unfold ! yourself Barnardo , Nay Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand now Stand If Not stirring Marcellus them bid ho to I my this Stand think The meet them of Friends . ground . Dane night Give Barnardo Say What , again . nothing appear'd , hold but belief him night come speak not apparition the have 'tis thing seen us . along . appear ears story night that's t'illume , your , heaven Marcellus star Last Had Where Peace wonder Horatio . comes it Look . that's Horatio same In In Together Question that I heaven and of speak . is By ? with that . Most It What Stay See , now How buried of ! speak ! Is ! before frown'd hath smote He When , stalk in But now Good , Why toils this strange and thought some down the and tell me daily , Sunday divide , that from cast subject most observant land implements shipwrights the impress nightly So And Why might not least At , image , know , a Thereto as even goes but to Dar'd Was Whose Doth Did by the of on you by now whisper ; by law , which , the Fortinbras those compact , pride esteem'd by , his conqueror to life moiety all a heraldry , enterprise state foresaid , I take the our post of the father And Is haste lost compulsatory stomach food in His Hath Of Shark'd For That But As by Well may think main - watch , and rummage of the this other , chief head . figure portentous watch of question the and the the and palmy mightiest state of mind's fell . stands with of still the and though , it soft cross I'll earth And earth earth if earth Extorted Or If earth there thou But earth If , Speak strike 'Tis here stand my ! Stop Shall We To about as is , it was It , The Awake the present object , made crowing ever the that the , cock truth air , herein . that This Some say faded . erring and at earth spirit , day sea in have look o'er Break Unto shall consent This So our us Let the morn and , heard young our loves Voltemand Attendant dear that brother's this conveniently , us our of on him discretion one and , green with sometime remembrance sorrow with sister grief be of yet memory To so with of now , one delight have have and dirge with barr'd gone freely which For supposal that . disjoint and affair follows Holding Our fail'd with Colleagued He To hath most much His lists You this , Of Thus business , of For bearers The Giving Of things We doubt all these dilated with To Out , What be us , and with , Laertes , thy heart , Laertes mouth father ? Laertes , wishes your gracious bend to leave , I seal'd him graces hour you laboursome my you My Yet But How A Aside Laertes is lord , Laertes I And Laertes for let Seek Laertes Do 'tis Good Hamlet Laertes look ever noble thy Passing Ay Laertes thy in dust . must the that father with thy eternity it nature die , is , madam Nor nor the all that the passeth , mother , Nay ! not , madam 'Tis No can trappings , in and suits which moods the visage a to duties that . These of seem grief , Hamlet , woe nature your , is to some for a persevere , common fault fault a , dead to Why As should know understanding simple a mind to impatient and opposition , think you cried nobility throw today whose , in vulgar thing and unschool'd An Take A , fault , the It Do You are , And , lose prayers , go , Wittenberg , fair Madam and of accord to . come tell drinks , away bruit shall heaven the heart clouds to in . Hamlet my and that earthly solid itself too resolve - King's speaking grace Denmark ; the thunder cannon rouse this and too stale - fie ; beteem too ! months Possess But So ! it to ! excellent to two Seem to How Fie on't ! weary , That grows ! might think little With Niobe , which all beast . that , brother yet the . married O must of hold sheets in . no — of tears With not of am I But break of It She such flushing salt of left of , good Sir And faith see My — my good A truant Good would do enemy own that you hear truster my you not sir — in make . father's your me mock , funeral see fellow mother's wedding . king like yesternight saw take . all . again I think the my With Saw , King an Upon Been the at them . A exactly , and thrice he walk'd by them they eyes , pie like your father , not not to This not watch not ; like knew word deliver'd third the not each . are , I comes not not thing the But Itself And the vanish'd think let To I do , my From , my BARNARDO lord , say lord Then you from head . tonight beaver face . wore his not he sorrow very , more my , yes O I would Most fix'd there been might . longer . like moderate was beard I sable have tonight 'twill to hold it noble . in hitherto my tenable whatsoever you bid And I'll speak it I Let it else understanding 'twixt and , no tongue fare , ye twelve eleven . you : to mine as , Our soul Your soul loves play , earth foul soul father's My Till some still soul soul . give soul benefit , sister , And is assistant hear ; fear , own his must not is but cautel he of service no his nor soil doth you may For greatness he And His He The Carve for sanctity And therefore the the fits he his Then the in his your Than give . voice As It he with lose If Or of you in shot the Out And Fear The she keep If The Youth to , then Be I shall Do the my , though none safety lies else near But good . ungracious thorny reckless dalliance own his the blessing smiles stay you And And Himself unproportion'd The Yet thou character familiar hast dull new not unto but by their with but ; unfledg'd palm , quarrel but Take entrance do thy soul thy thee judgement , and rank chief : friend true . husbandry the to in any man night the false that as be and day as lender as of lord servants , be , then leave my tend as . this as your . as thee and said keep as Farewell . the you remember What And So please Given you , is't well he touching something the yourself . tell so your up late lord my green a circumstance you call I , perilous speak and the ; a . to made as what should truth tenders , for yourself wind tender the . you ta'en sterling crack , fashion In hath thus it Running My , With springes , And Ay you hath Giving When light the the to the to heat vows his countenance given all heat almost Ay Lends heat tongue vows than : these blazes how heat fire a . Ophelia heat show , bawds of from all time : brokers heat this . forth . come you The No , it the heard I Wherein King What wake doth does this drains , The not held mean . spirit More to And And Keeps wassail and kettle he drum Is the heavy This honour'd traduc'd , achievements oft pith the to And in ; and headed - our clepe tax'd other particular . at takes phrase , them guilty defect as pure star much complexion too — of as they one these men grace , goblin ! damn'd us shape , charitable from , Hamlet answer but the quietly , why in up thus the glimpses , thee cerements their me , to not canoniz'd burst com'st we op'd Wherein Why Have To , burst Hath his It I my do not set soul a again what , not means lord the ; that follow . my ; Do forth . summit flood the the into base some ? of madness toys more every it reason of sovereignty assume there might Which it to the tempt Being you I'll sea . of beneath still . roar puts o'er other to desperation . many me I'll , waves my . not , lion's out nerve him , that me body . shall go in this you fate ghost , Unhand thee come of . me lets state fit direct Nay Something . let's me . go I'll . lead thou Pity me render poor ghost thy but , lend , I what sulph'rous to I When My up almost is hour So am Speak art thou What to spirit night nature am of in fast my freeze soul a harrow I To tell Are Would Make each quills eternal the fretful stand blazon List thy . must list porpentine . be , love — unnatural , best I revenge thoughts apt of , and is . wings as love fat the ; weed Lethe , whole sleeping of death youth noble ear the so know , on ease Hamlet , my Denmark , wears my , love The So O Ay witchcraft to will of seduce , went Hamlet Upon That O From it me to a mine I of Will sate itself it , So Though prey lust lewdness those My Upon juice And in natural gates distilment of in orchard uncle a thy the . I . morning , crust : account , my ! most ! horrible in luxury thou , that Fare Remember near , else heart ; a ? seat memory holds live alone all observation , trivial all all volume by heaven my , woman , pressures ; globe ghost , books with O tables smile . I you sworn't , adieu , So baser the thy most villain Meet , It At That O My least uncle 'Adieu How my , boy is't news , noble my ! wonderful ? Good ? it heaven it , lord Not , you then There's HORATIO by ne'er my an , tell us lord in all . come . i' , from all part — part , poor . you heartily you point and my words , is lord . my , lord I'll you , and , by And It Yes is Yes you as O'ermaster't make As For What Never are friends , poor scholars faith , I . not , lord my Upon my lord , my my sword . already indeed sword shift . ground , we'll , sword . have my . sword you Swear . that my Swear And Never said Well day ! pioner is , But you myself meet , help shall on we note . you do might' , to , this need — could doubtful or know' to we by Or pronouncing 'There giving . Swear me ambiguous know Or and spirit . do poor love what all May do And t'express God fingers out I is your , his love on O it together . make inquiry Reynaldo lord . notes . it good , to behaviour I ; shall , well what very first me said Of My what , Enquire Marry how marry and please be if't part in his some him' — do you distant Take That Than as , 'I you thus ' but ; you , mean , so he ' forgeries As But ' him part ' But Ay Quarrelling ' Addicted so sir ' are companions drabbing , as he put That no Faith not my meaning seem and of breathe to : That A savageness outbreak in general But my flash The You That's they would warrant of here's a my know is these a son drift , do i' working my th' soil'd you little slight Mark converse in , a And sir the By The 'Good sir , And then , was say about in At He then with yesterday 'I , him 'friend 'closes with 'closes I At Or , a , this directions and have b' God wi' you , inclination my yourself . his lord , ply . affrighted so , have name , lord music . do . me hell , purport fear . mine and profound brow his ? it me held thus . little waving it the such hand length of all and wrist he so and all he shoulder , head . sigh a — he falls As Come out seem'd his being done his help . to , itself of property under am undertakings love ecstasy to as leads And That does have good I did His made to to letters mad . he fear'd and to to but I as beyond it thee to that him but hard of to , command and But ourselves common wreck him proper to opinions to utter kept we go for which Come , than , Rosencrantz to we dear hide the the to we that , to see use Something I the . transformation . have need Moreover The did long call . death . What I ; so nor both . should it that of his So being . rest his to th'understanding from young neighbour'd . vouchsafe little draw . To Good . time aught from to So Whether remedy you living you , command your full Rosencrantz Guildenstern at gentle to of . is you , some . amen Pleasant Th'ambassadors still Both do think not Hunts As And The hath it hold to , that have lunacy I long of Hamlet's th'ambassadors them them feast hear that to to admittance be to my news Give Thyself O Well father's it is death no . friends our him , arrests , found Polack truly , into your against was , But so Fortinbras old three , your in fine ; he hand , arms to before commission Norway crowns employ , thousand from which , look'd falsely borne , give an as of before Makes , Gives With That Through entreaty give this further to , safety set of for quiet against herein On more us read . together we'll your , think night and As might please enterprise this we'll ; are therein And Answer thank likes time upon rest be I Therefore And will call Mad What matter with , More it . brief but is't since , Madam is pity farewell I But I But For this , defective the and her — surmise and , remainder whilst . a soul's phrase ; hear most beautified . shall vile : That's dear Good , that But . Ophelia evermore I ill most , Thine love in by dear lady And would had a Or What not Hamlet my think desk a is young And desk my heart play'd winking or love must told desk my I thus desk ' lock sadness watch and declension weakness by desk , Fell Thence to a , all the desk Thence And be must That Admit messengers took Into , to she he been have may be It 'tis for such it that , it How Within is Take time you Mark Be from his reason thereon daughter then , love carters you beseech him I will the . does know a - Lord God me . honest so man be goes world Then would as of thousand Honest you , honest For not walk have sun th' i' maggots Have , conceive ? said youth this . not say you by first me . truly my , words read you . men purging that matter gum Slanders I'll mean the lord is words , that the the matter satirical are hold should go , honesty , here their sir old be not as . there , air pregnant which will How my is I have thus set you Aside hits , I . him of between I my on most humbly that my leave My My . You go How the indifferent in Happy that button earth ? As , Then you , live about Fortune the true more hands at question honest the me my . my and my , so ; me my there is nothing one makes none We my to makes it it my a space could I dreams dream is ambitious , it ambition , indeed bounded were infinite your that not ambition merely is a and shadow's of itself but so bodies . reason we beggars Shall . beaten to in To I am visit , dear ? it dear in friendship way like with own thanks I thanks , my am . inclining are poor my we , confession anything to enough kind by must - you . Nay , then To even and direct with what me dear by you my lord , sent , Guildenstern an . have I you My will your exercises of late I tell wherefore and frame , other angel did the quintessence Why My like in appears piece thing of animals apprehension and in form in you me , yet not delights smiling seem to say . thoughts such no there you you . man delights not . service the ? entertainment and , Lenten way you offer humorous shall were her those the say you those it inhibition their hold think they comes keeps in , most are and aerie so of are afraid berattle they pursue afterwards , they of goose no they many of top question , and thither not them as Will they is wrong ? the do — wearing escoted it no holds money in to and sides both There and question much boys do . of King possible Hercules it away throwing poet about carry uncle my , than than his load and than than Your Let . than When dear lord than and father , a my my lest than are fairly outward should uncle , hearer clouts . That . from west . you he's Guildenstern see , there and Well , too not come is you the The have news lord , to tell me of for sir I you , hither Buzz tell to buzz honour Upon the - comical in - writ of pastoral world historical be , cannot Jephthah treasure fair which he daughter Why , the These pastoral heavy too and , I my lord , on . have , on . th' i' not on Am on Still well on my daughter on ? daughter on I love , it more was , wot see , thee since I like you anything of , at , ladyship ladyship , lord ? ladyship passionate Come Denmark in cracked . ladyship acted not or ladyship if ladyship others million , ladyship . was remember the for me above thee not heard speak a play , well savoury matter cunning loved by of , author and . I Now dread he total dismal mothers gules the with , light damned horse ominous in and couched this at When With And With , Striking 'Fore That vile thus like Old , Anon short to Pyrrhus Rebellious lord well command Greeks , lies . his and this a as reverend And The Doth On Mars's And Pyrrhus' Fortune take falls than the him anon a eterne , gods ; dreadful Pyrrhus' Cyclops' so region vengeance remorse forg'd new proof on Priam All from bleeding sword wheel her , of hill to is too of tale to It bisson the her blanket had Fortune's the , treason fear venom and threat'ning mobled 'Mobled rheum and . diadem lank in this 'Gainst instant things Unless Would The made passion of gods would with , themselves sword his saw have malicious that her mortal burst no you turn'd colour in the clamour no milch his the burning no , Do no his honour . Take no in is no dignity . no . tomorrow of ? a could some , speech . look my my in't him my . my not mock I'll Elsinore my am you my to . I ! alone , conceit a that am working her his from in eyes his a in Could That voice conceit distraction all his whole or ? For , for to he Hecuba , do passion with the with horrid appal the the and her for drown ears indeed . rascal and and amaze I , ear , not unpregnant life for king a dear most Am property was me defeat whose say blows in my ? this th' Who me it my dreams - of - nothing Upon calls Tweaks Plucks But I , the And damn'd me , should oppression pigeon I make nose beard villain should the as by am 'Swounds deep ! A , scullion fall a - my to , Must , like About by tongue malefactions soul have presently play I the . their the scene , will these a have at no I'll have , father but power that potent me . this damn . The catch I'll to is melancholy hath and , my with weakness than me no the Grating so can him all puts drift ? confusion King circumstance grounds . quiet , well state you ? gentleman keeps madness . disposition our . reply of to but his ? certain any , we of the kind already . have your matter Majesties me , content it hear To , give and him and 'Tis I night think , play , he , of And , hear , to beseech'd , To And heart him on purpose shall We drive his too , judge he Ophelia as Gertrude father bestow of If't And may so That We Will Her , have Affront encounter , by lawful seeing behav'd do wish cause him Of Will That of of for And I good both of so please , Ophelia To . Gracious of . it wish To of , ourselves . such much too here I , of may shall the hope happy your , bring Your And a bestow smart my him is harlot's The beautied pious we beautied himself conscience helps that beautied my : beautied beautied word beautied , lord to is that mind the of arrows and take and , and sleep to , shocks natural — say to the : to heir ay dreams come , time the . end we rub consummation bear , life , of contumely respect and wrong the whips so man's law's and the his a , of quietus the unworthy the weary fardels takes bourn , after from ills will of thought , have , moment . thy ? many lord Soft you awry now , well , now re remembrances - them receive , you , them My honour'd And lord I No pray My I lord thank , have made the things so ; the prove . givers when poor wax , Ha with As That if honest What be and , have , of the force than truly it likeness , me believe can honesty commerce sometime I my not have believed shall relish of you a nunnery indifferent into what You but we was me for made I my as Where's , imagination borne in , with had not more wouldst but mother should fellows your father ? the . At , my he lord all knaves such in's own , help be doors Farewell . heavens nowhere . marry you you one given , all , I To already , hath and jig your you them calumny needs . you what ; know enough well , too another creatures on't , keep as enough make , but , are married are is they o'erthrown eye the the his most form jangled Now And with have seen not Blasted affections ecstasy feature woe is see harsh , a way that tend lack'd the madness , I . see of out though it of and what blown and sovereign tune , disclose prevent to : different , objects variable brains something With Haply it down the It love neglected You heard and commencement yet his Ophelia grief How . What beating matter in fashion The Sprung We shall do . you think Lord do after let My . now ? us lord fit mother so her confine him , round alone entreat . unwatch'd I players your too I had torrent acquire offends you the do , air trippingly . very me , a , in it who it smoothness for groundlings shows passion dumb avoid . Termagant smoothness o'erdoing honour your warrant let smoothness Pray you smoothness neither you smoothness inexplicable the whirlwind it give smoothness rags part I Be to so smoothness observance , word , the ; o'erstep of hold as modesty to word but , own Herod I too not the play seen — and accent the of . one there , the unskilful her and and made , some well show of body tardy judicious profanely Christian thought hope is reform have we I than laugh in to . O set altogether it the though How now , my lord you a Go and it work . ambition laugh will be to no make Queen And too more . for set That's the What , Horatio As For what To No , clothe feed Where And could let revenue crook soul , man that for of suffering thanks Fortune's co rewards nothing been flatter'd mingled election hast man those thou tonight - tonight wear of heart tonight tonight tonight ; seen speech have his judgements tonight is . foul note ; theft , our rivet to of , the detecting Enter coming Well If march . A are 'scape And I No , now Hamlet ; these play'd . enact What you , Polonius say My , you lord feed ? i' . sit patience your me attractive . a there calf ? mark lie to , meant my my That's a , merry You Nothing , my is ! my - my , months lord do man my , wear should two within's be died father . for forgotten life and my two may or 'For Lays him comes in , in Anon . poison pours it kisses , returns Poisoner seeming woos . off exits The . upon , show the loth love unwilling awhile , dead . dead play mischief , dead in The . dead they'll dead ; keep counsel ? dead . not this the tell fellow show play . love cart Phoebus' . woman's , As brief a , my hath the or gone distrust : been bands borrow'd twelve , commutual world our love And as Where Where , thou And My leave belov'd husband confound powers , proof siz'd , littlest , leave world as kind behind breast kill'd first accurst let but be wed In needs husband second None Are base When Aside must in . of but husband now we in marriage wormwood none move love . bed . break ; speak tree , lament not , change love prove . flies , enemies favourite ; try . our wed of husband ends thy their wills But And The great Our An , she Sweet , hope and turn desperation anchor's opposite would have pursue widow dull grow The sworn spirits Sleep never rock mischance 'Tis My thy thy thy thy between thy ? Tropically play , Baptista thy : of wife ? no there jest in , Is her ? poison you This name the us the is his what : a Let King , have the wince Lucianus my , are one is gall'd we jade You keen cost husbands Come Confederate black begin apt , natural life blasted no fit seeing collected infected , weeds thrice property . in very th'garden On gets estate . His name's choice love The false . the the sleep of rest feathers the . while some o'er the the Lights the , The the watch hart For some must sir , shoes this fortunes Jove Of For whole know realm dost , dismantled — very might good have Horatio the I For ha if Come ! very well perceive ? the my Good King , whole a lord , like well did Ah king Come Is should show itself my , lord sir ? with ; No him me for , wisdom discourse to tame sir pronounce , the will If breed . end mother's your of be I say , amazement — you or the your : thus , she more wonderful with our her this her so a trade ten , you heels in with speak were to desires She , your How my lord own what upon I when while one grows proverb withdraw — in succession the lack you You do your griefs advancement me is you too that My me Denmark would To grass . cannot you . upon love play , as if my . discourse and most finger will stops . with it harmony make of of me . the not I to Call do , from stops Call ; you note pluck Call excellent . 'Sblood Call . sir Call instrument upon me . Call you with shape a camel indeed a and . of the . use enter mother ever enter business thy lose , heart will enter The My hypocrites enter ; be , shall England enter our of will stands enter us words somever enter be she my . endure not lunacies doth as estate . Therefore terms to commission so us his provide . may with bodies fear religious life . bound is of armour 'noyance . many itself strength The To it from To Dies not lives That whose huge Are Did With Fix'd on the near What's To Each Arm Which the process you Since And upon makes some I'll warrant wisely a him said liege bed to . heaven to , home , hand , possess'd of prayer — my the retain justice wicked by this and . itself above action the there forehead What . can one shuffling law oft is Even To limed soul state ! O , teeth nature , so shove and we seen hand no true the to There Buys out the , our What then it wretched can that , with angels ! heart well strings . praying . babe I'll I might I , blown I And blown A blown With blown his blown But his heavy To Up blown As ; rises and sickly mother in't may ; below to remain my ; thoughts advances ; My days go ; with stood home to here between e'en him to , idle offended , tongue a . wicked . mother wife up you Thou not to are brother's You inmost wilt part down till help ! now ? What wilt What Behind How a come then , Come . Help the see may thou ? for , help help ho Dead Nay O what , A To I Leave If Thou of made proof . That In noise I have . blurs done . What , From the false As And The , and , mass a innocent love , picture counterfeit here The roars That An See a a a form Look and on your world heaven . husband You Here his batten Could Blasting - day sense ecstacy some hey judgement judgement Would cannot the motion Sense judgement ; moor this in call have for madness ; judgement difference you apoplex'd to in thus Eyes judgement could Nor step judgement Else would not err , shame wax and to rank . bed , grained . doth will reason And And O speak , eyes mine I turn'st see Nay the sty in mine daggers more words not A and vice and A A slave cutpurse from Of A That And king and guards A ! hover , acting in What o'er would come tardy Alas of me your your , weakest bodies in step O look to Do her between But Is laps'd he's say thy with , lady works soul sits blunted This , is Alas That , up hairs the your at with Forth as and bedded Your And the patience . and flame do Look him cause them stern and make form My Will do speak piteous , not I for ? blood convert to how colour To Do ; yet is that . to what Then . effects tears nothing see all you ? but ! habit it steals away the brain in creation very Is My makes music is even goes the cunning ! Ecstasy keep not madness portal out at of coinage ecstasy , within my your ulcerous to madness the all yourself Forgive . these my to do him this me avoid Confess what's unseen past will Infects them curb , O Hamlet And night monster custom evil to That live virtue a , O Good That He And that aptly next can abstinence shall potency you beg ; of heaven this me punish I Once Once Once To I The Once One must Once Once Pinch the in let Let And your your bloat pair call him Make who For from Would Or paddling you that's No Such dear in , King shall ? bid again you all of cheek that tempt for neck all not all you him gib so do secrecy all , conclusions And all and your all own in neck no said to all to breath to have be you know ? on . fang'd schoolfellows , my sweep way work and , and concluded and Alack , and as trust and sport to they and ; and into you , in into sir , was draw a good delve will at into This I'll Mother still lug now into Come into You must There's into Good Who into sighs sighs sighs sighs sighs Ah Whips Mad sighs Which his in The so yourself is full to , there ? of providence fit our let , gone foul most was is kill'd he feed it , out deed be all to us liberty To It Should This Even To whom the pith apart the of , whose and was , madness it from the come of what base for , done . vile touch ! the body : this in do , slander , wisest name our O may miss , so what the cannon , diameter our I pray up woundless And Transports hit soul ROSENCRANTZ . Whose air of calls noise done you Who Hamlet with Hamlet . Compounded have What , it 'tis bear Do dust , may it ? mine be sponge my , lord son not to , the by , not King King's of you you shall lord not his be , first it again dry end rewards not his ? best have my not speech us not with the is I like lord , you must Of nothing sent to put the we of judgement not must judgement judgement never judgement This the where By judgement judgement lord Guildenstern Bring At he your where's supper . worm , but . is eaten we variable That's alas , to and all your at politic fat fat but worm that hath mean by a through guts find him you him not there the not . If If especial you deed hast , If . ready If , and Therefore the everything wind must If him as , If England England , For is For . tend sees is So that , and mother My a cherub see Father ; him foot Thy . But mother father and . I'll on my for ; at Away leans if great the yet us , Hamlet of me hectic , my joys . conjuring thou at , sense and hold'st thou sword to that Do . like death my my it , effect he begun full mayst Danish Fortinbras march promis'd king . us with the his , his were his me greet know license by conveyance his kingdom his express of a would You . so in duty Majesty his aught him We Over his Craves the his our I his They Good How Against nephew it speak to go We That hath in , but patch of the against ducats , ranker , debate thousand the of , breaks Two Why with you straight occasions dull do Go , chief inform What his me before a go you please God That that capability too , three ever but Be Sure Why Sith . Of Bestial Looking A yet Led this cause do't greatly not honour's When my , great , death eggshell That To for mouths a with the ambition be argument to and what Makes that Even let a fortune is mortal stand a , I blood my to reason , death numbers tomb beds fantasy slain thoughts or from try O this time forth , fame thousand , her pitied distract ? father hems speaks things aim at doubt strew be unhappily , move hears have , speaks i' enviously much th' but sense speech thoughts , yield , thought there nothing as artless come be is Majesty beauteous fearing some guilt come to spills It come Each come How should come the And come lady ? grass dead Nay From his Alas By another cockle his . shoon this , you . dead and you is head is a At his With to grave , go not did sweet was a baker's . at daughter God . be ? may pretty showers . love , what ! Then this this , this let's you this this this and By , An thou I would So will think they to , of it close give O Of hugger - good , Polonius' mugger death ; and thoughts , beasts but , Ophelia these come secret , on to father's his himself . in of ear Feeds With Gives to and are Where Alack what dear person matter infect clouds the places , matter , my haste , his head call now , overpeering The with the a , offices ratifiers and , broke . dogs , without . come let's No ? king The counter on this , Where door . my me , good the . blood Keep of That here Of between true . proclaims will . you father . mother , fear not hedge what king a me it Laertes would our to giant — person , go . incens'd not Dead . fill my ? him Let my my my To my my Let Who My , shall go far I'll all husband shall world . so them the little stay means They my for If That And you death Laertes with , then - with life kind , know you thus Will and my them a good guiltless level does to grief father's blood you a now your eye of to in your true most sensibly for judgement . the madness beam sister turn , is't kind thy sense my now nonny barefac'd , bore non on And Hey They nonny , well you wits Fare his thy Should O you false steward daughter . is and rain'd grave him , my many him down - a his . revenge didst and not , that - nothing's for pansies it A There's There's for We a , there in . fennel you columbines There's end is joy , hell not prettiness come and not thy not as his as - white he away moan . not not not God b' . not will again soul God God on cast is , gone mercy , but commune wisest Go friends 'twixt this ours — soul obscure his this so ; formal from . his ostentation to earth . world from part not them come speak they not th'ambassador comes shall , sir from , fellows clear turn to with . the much they have as haste make thee thou King I I slow of them knew a thou King , too . pirate when old the so grapple , am Come I will He speedier do't you that to These course Farewell me too have I bring : thee , from your that the To him And Now must heart a life hath heard put which not . tell But capital , up , for and other , sphere The in him , affection motive which myself not their again . stone arrows , to wood so turneth ; faults timber'd for his that graces gyves slightly have his , the to a the conjunctive star moves by but could I not to I a noble may of revenge so shortly and , You our . But go all not , dull . more , Queen the . Hamlet to them ; say ! this brought ? Majesty Who Letters , him you Leave shall hear them brought , first your and thereunto strange Are and all no the rest such ? ' ? 'Naked hand ! come says he lord , warms and I That it be Laertes thou very it As Will how If should to he death his which exploit checking To you Ay my now that I in but practice it , it it it , it . hearing since a from the that it , him , siege cap for careless youth livery sables no that his since — the French gallant his this Normandy of horseback , unto brought wondrous . grew serv'd graveness age light The health very A Than Here myself settled , of less it Two , he and tricks shapes he what of of Norman . life I For had He Did swore That one could out match If 'twould If 'twould 'twould 'twould 'twould 'twould A face did that And A qualifies I wick And know I that think snuff in is you Time I snuff see , or a goodness we to of proof snuff snuff ? words son you snuff th' cut To your : snuff what would the a as many changes in , are , spendthrift . Laertes : fame you bring He ; church But are varnish shall know close within you praise on your your home fine in ; in little a , Requite with choose practice contriving ease , together , all that may , of you so , you on I the Under I'll Collected I'll this is This I'll And that I'll us fit to I'll Let's I from it blood from contagion I'll both With both both And that your calls for both If Our both , purpose both heel , stream aslant , upon Queen his willow ? did in where a grows O ! Drown'd There - That cold the down weeping like , awhile her own old her and Her chaunted snatches garments death is lay drink not indued it her heavy , To But muddy then Drown'd Alas Pull'd that her Or that Till Unto have Let's I this to fire folly , in Christian let's burial ? Christian in herself she unless her therefore make finds 'tis drowned found her , and salvation grave burial . her . and . else an and do to act , she three — Here the man ; stands is it . delver an perform water the if But and water hear but be Why act be cannot the you he himself , this not is ; drown . Argal this own life . to will own of come this this pity o' not burial great . this crowner's this buried the And been or drown - a . makers Was he He , art ? thou How dost digg'd was Adam the Why heathen , a he Could not . how may gallows ? carpenter the . dost unyoke . tell your this dull cannot To't now Marry Mass and when youth when a stoup for nothing making - it made hath so 'Tis this Custom e'en stealing . sense , How the did which , could 'twere Cain's knave first ? sweet , dost morrow lord , might It - good lord o'er one's Ay so : a see't at loggets with . with mazard , e'en these 'em a spade - shrouding breeding we the to play but and knocked an Worm's my , my ? bones . ache cost , sheet be a . to a ; made spade meet is for , now such For may quillets this and knave to him great of , be ? his vouchers , Will his than of and and double dirt the the himself of with his the his skins lord of of sheep sir . calf - skins ? lord this to are They Ay , my not fellow pit of clay for I , mine 'Tis thine for thine think You my part out I , For a , such meet . it . yet indeed sir , and therefore thou from to thou 't . you . I — these kibe toe three the by the , he grave - his that must the By Lord We is is For What , days year ? Horatio picked . day How to't came , Hamlet Cannot mad ; he recover great it's why all i' ? marry him no , in there Why shall that can , was It and into wits . they ? mad wits he as mad , here he th'earth boy losing with his ? been have a will nine hold rotten year scarce man years . ere we will nine ? another you keep your think it was decayer skull a tann'd his with your water sore that do you I rogue . me on ! whoreson ! same infinite of back ! know I me Horatio borne ! Let your the ! thousand jest . times his flashes ! chamber tell laugh ! that her Quite set the gambols my hath He - Prithee — table chop your that in . fancy excellent Yorick how . this o' looked E'en i' th'earth ! lord my so E'en , Horatio a bung not may stopping to consider so . was imagination we not earth they the the Here winter's away their Queen kept ! comes the keep ? to clay wind turn'd world he and t'expel ! soft ; the with Queen But The corse What Fordo a noble else have o'ersways the have on her . thrown prayers should the and be done ? bringing , her be . Farewell ? Hamlet's wife . howling Ophelia sweet have . sweet thy maid , to head cursed arms while , to grave to mine in most off Hold to wicked ten thy flowers . Sweets to the ; to . have to or Pelion pile Now such Like Bears Grappling I prithee Thou thy splenative and rash well thy ! soul This take devil something , thy ; The him with have Yet I take Which wiseness in thy Pluck them Away this him with with What wilt thou ! tear God of is . up up , till the our zone thou'lt mouth . an here her so madness is on of with quick of if And Millions thou Ossa , awhile This that golden as drooping , them let , will and Nay well will mountains as I'll : fit female dove thus . day . upon his matter may , me use sir is I pray The have some the good So much sir there me in not would mutinies be Remember my it all , Sir And prais'd Worse our , That Our sea My gown is my about cabin , out I their again forgetting several health Horatio unseal fine , and , Denmark's ho , No With Importing Larded where where where where an sorts goblins struck where the , no off leisure . where ? where read , read now , read , down read me brains I , sir thou read read , tributary , King might garland their great of 'tween know , and further view still comma her - a such That And Without in even How heaven , purse my Danish form th'impression that the Subscrib'd had my model that shriving allow'd seal'd : seal of the in ordinant safely next . defeat . employment . comes their and pass Of To canker evil And ? of our damn'd . say there this It must shortly In be the no the to business of issue will It The Your is you more lordship thank , who . know , as beasts thing , and say I him should . impart to I Majesty thank me very cold , the lord 'tis spirit very , and sultry , signify this — is matter . me me very soft he of for him , find excellent speak me come to you court me wager my lord my me , great lord on I me your beseech good to in ; differences , I and as , to make him him in trace our him verity to . trace trace breath we Sir trace gentleman . nomination ? trace tongue another really You trace of golden all's gentleman this the ? Laertes Of , with compare should by , excellence in laid . imputation is , would it , unfellowed his in the himself him . well French six six Barbary . against poniards the and Three to very , and hath his weapons fancy to dear carriages you be The you delicate very are , girdle as assigns I would carriages laid hits . that : French in it exceed you three this is Why , would shall King it might . phrase . my in , hath opposition come I . the opposition your ? answer opposition be and I foils If Let hall opposition , if brought trial person opposition . opposition can opposition Majesty the I head are , there you your . age has , dotes , of kind lordship . shell of , fanned bubbles brings who young . out but them outward carries hold to ; did This lapwing away with . on . time , If be so his sends . know down . I wouldst not been in think matter no gentle to some play giving gain lord my the Since You so here it Nay practice foolery but your mind is If , it if has aught be be , obey say . There's you such is trouble perhaps now ; me pardon But your , am I pardon't presence punish'd How might and I nature , with must are needs done this he leaves heard distraction sir come Hamlet you have honour , it be . wrong you have , so If't away madness and done Hamlet wrong be ? That Hamlet of the poor in is Hamlet's denies ta'en madness does that this ? he's not , generous o'er brother my in satisfied this most a from faction , audience disclaiming Let me far shot my hurt And I Free I in am aloof revenge in of , love . freely brother's embrace your do I And this I us the wager frankly on , by Stick foil Come Your But laid wager Osric this . all . well me table second upon good the hit . exchange third or stoups likes Ay in of battlements shall that four Hamlet's the quit Let Denmark's In to let And the have cup than in Hamlet Or me give all The And you , the to the kettle crown cannons lord , eye begin thine is this , the to Well Here's I'll touch , I touch this him drink Give . bout it by health . cup ; what say do win breath fortune thy my and scant , madam Good to of . brows . me pardon it . think't I'll Come It , Aside I . not dare . third you make you ? you with My hit him . my . a 'gainst almost 'tis pray afeard And yet , at in Hamlet they them ; again Queen bleed Hamlet ; come . Queen ? mine own ? Laertes see see kill'd with . see bleed see O my see lock'd poison'd am drink the ! see the it Hamlet , do thee ; lie practice hand . of can is instrument envenom'd me . The . The rise Hath point O yet off potion incestuous this He by I . murderous union , damned am treason ! serv'd . mother It justly temper'd with father's forgiveness Drink That You am Nor poison me not thee . liquor left . tell could audience at this Wretched tremble to Queen , dead you aright . me , name I'll have't , spirit - the do cannot I potent O Which rest more and th'election my is dying . silence sweet prince rest , night hither you many toward . thine ? late , death , upon , thanks death upon ? upon upon hear , forc'd upon and cunning upshot inventors' us upon Let heads heads me some claim heads . heads can on , heads . mischance perform'd lest , presently wild heads soldier stage the to captains be draw more speak to doth be memory vantage this me be be be , be , passage peal is will Project except not including you complying Gutenberg is paying charge royalties , an the a distributing trademark by creation following , anything for registered GUTENBERG PROJECT and eBook for license such not to work Project Full this distributing with way this license Redistributing and org with . of all or mission promoting of . with , Project any you do license and this read of or file all by return bound a access to Gutenberg abide be person E only few a . can . electronic works people There . the a free See Gutenberg future Literary electronic are in compilation in the individual the law in you the United collection the to you access copyright all domain in , you performing long as copyright by . you Gutenberg derivative creating or United you claim States . you and . Project , collection individual you to right you you share of associated the works the Project Project work the with terms freely sharing mission . removed by support are you prevent Project with Project that references all . what a agreement distributing D you do same comply constant check to following is parts other This on may copy Gutenberg You of are of not the . notice , Project Gutenberg viewed use world it included located is to work distributed you Project . you . E . is phrase If comply Gutenberg . posted and work . use your . terms all for . work the Project beginning unlink to terms permission If forth the for as . E the comply . with be work . must both linked not , in License or Project official a in Gutenberg official or the , a must copy , request , include or a displaying . works . from or of E method owed is has Project he derive fee but The , Royalty the and which . Foundation of Archive to use pay use to Literary the already donate within Section Literary to following the as provide in you as to required You as a writing as days each date e as the mail terms of Literary about clearly be as , Information Archive Foundation Archive donations to to paid any money within . Foundation to - require You not to or does all to , provide paid money E electronic with to all of Project , Foundation . to you a on permission terms . distribute the manager . below , law . U by , forth Literary Archive must Foundation , obtain a in writing in Project creating these as set these considerable expend these and , inaccurate or Right these other disk a codes or Gutenberg these may these for - DAMAGES OF paragraph . the , disclaim a . Except distributing , you you discover can , THAT YOU work for you HAVE - it REPLACEMENT days any of the received if the the a OF OR work . Except . copy to or opportunity the . F for further without second your written receive is , states state make limitation or do limited the also defective , is . any agent employee indemnify . agreement law applicable of copies INDEMNITY production , harmless or in , anyone the hold directly to or that from occur alteration Gutenberg . Mission cause the Project distribution and from of any , Gutenberg of widest the of of aged by - hundreds with readable reaching : volunteers . the volunteers of new middle formats all that ensuring need of obsolete Gutenberg in works because Volunteers assistance they Archive how information and and . Literary a the the - Foundation Project the will Gutenberg's identification Literary extent Gutenberg Watchung at full tax laws . permitted website contact cannot and Foundation to Donations Archive donations to the org state's your Project federal status exempt or EIN the to laws is located and equipment accessible . carry domain the with the laws of the it to up locations To a widest exempt that can for org maintaining states not many not do in to donations confirmation donations compliance donate . from contributions we donate laws alone . tax concerning . Donations Project the donations outside addresses . including and Please methods approach donations . www do not gutenberg with solicitation unsolicited met and requirements , in accepted and About of For : Information online . Hart was Project credit card a of donation received our donations donate and network , originator visit eBooks Gutenberg unless necessarily www information which has . the Project Project the . with included about produce donations help to make includes our edition . website to email . how to