Stand carefully Stand your upon to Stand bed Francisco Stand cold , Stand Stand Stand Stand . guard had you Have hear good who , honest And Give soldier O has place Say , A . piece has I this to watch if I take , us along it , come apparition him this of entreated twice , minutes this eyes approve us That and the are What He may , Tush , Sit us we , all and Marcellus t'illume from the pole , heaven . Horatio . of . and night speak ! speak ! fantasy not more You this What ! Before mine , and ! How ! Is God Without With Thus In frown'd So He smote martial twice the hath and by that state opinion our watch observant to I my scope eruption gross this And Why What least such not might That goes now by Fortinbras most the can I so appear'd , know , that can joint whisper even image as prick'd combat a by on of ratified Fortinbras ; by the by our which , of a moiety competent the Fortinbras some which unto our is lawless , of Fortinbras , cov'nant there , land . head , in , watch other our motive our and haste our question portentous e'en palmy Julius of moist the of these of this watch fire in and the sheeted blood star , streets , demonstrated on eclipse and squeak with Upon Was As thou behold and preceding though sound use of be grace thy me , me Which , Or I it it if treasure which the you Stay spirits womb , Stop of say Speak they ! invulnerable majestical ! being wrong it as the like . I have guilty the heard thing , herein , stir planets dare night , comes power no all then birth is , dawning our that on crowing Saviour's say they the ever singeth no gracious up impart to speak to . with him will upon part charm . to hath the time . hill clad eastward my tonight believe mantle the I o'er look the watch young Unto Do This shall I do't Let's of green discretion sorrow of think , this to , Th'imperial we Together jointress sometime and one weighing ; nor gone freely have all you . that equal to better along For Fortinbras thanks , his , message us of and know have with and eye defeated dole , delight we which , young worth our those bonds lands with surrender . brother with this for disjoint our be this father most by for Lost our his fail'd not business and we time of , him for meeting Fortinbras suppress , made levies than more , Norway , we that , purpose and greeting further no you good : and the . to you haste dilated King these with bearers Giving of the your , what's Laertes some speak voice not us cannot suit of What . of shall more not is , doubt We And told You You your leave My And Have bow He Upon do ; petition him give I laboursome my By his will seal'd and leave hour cousin than kin , still too nighted the that in friend thy with I my , common through Passing look noble , all father lives common . good , I know mother not woe passeth a These and These they but have with Nor For can , Nor Together It But you lost know trappings suits , father a your ; father survivor impatient to unmanly course , common sense be in vulgar our , to A An what For shows Our cheer is chiefest In Do the father ; which that As Than And are with no less father school to of , lose us her , comfort you our and prayers eye , Hamlet son . madam to not you obey , fair a and reply come Hamlet today whereof tell , shall again away . heaven mother two nature ! world not had Everlasting slaughter 'tis . things nay . merely it excellent a face month she on't , little what Visit not so , That dead a increase ; not By months two So he remember fed on I Must As which all tears — my more no — longer yet Than Ere have O Would My It But break not , is With am The Sir make am glad what , to , Wittenberg report no truant violence enemy your do truster know of my your is We'll you to drink your in so , affair see ere follow'd The hard the . Horatio in heaven father my . my see I that seen methinks ; mind's he eye , marriage foe day funeral my , a once In , I had furnish coldly Or father I was I not upon saw him again . these In the thus encounter'd waste and together had , middle gentlemen you dead . Marcellus Been Appears slow at oppress'd truncheon's to Almost his jelly and , dumb Within their In length - surprised , to , in time , not . them dreadful deliver'd like your father and knew this ? watch methought did , it and : did loud , away ; in down lord of , the and you MARCELLUS do lord . We indeed my , say . lord . top From , lord he , look'd he than . constantly one beard saw't . no was Not His as A Our Upon I'll loves an it loves spirit play sit still Your father's all My then I My , as mine foul earth , me convoy sister are the . benefit sleep doubt embark'd . let assistant hear that the fashion necessaries as , so but No , No of primy a it , Grows , The , thews The And now , bulk and nature service nor but you loves cautel will his persons unvalu'd subject his , will withal The he ; is as is must not this choice may he himself not for For His his circumscrib'd you ; do birth to ; the the As Or , your it If The and health so . Then if his far Denmark goes is treasure withal songs open , no and act of what main deed voice you your ; particular or loss your may honour credent heart ear his in shot rear moon : spring disclos'd of youth imminent in else . dew most , heart ungracious do my brother near , fear the strokes , lies safety though good good pastors way of his a recks And the too stay I the O not puff'd like long Yet A smiles , double Occasion own dalliance is , me . upon blessing a a sail , tried tongue thy in in for these any thou thou friends them do thy , by precepts unproportion'd and with of hoops palm hatch'd ; unfledg'd entertainment comrade Give , familiar character . thy thoughts memory no thought no means but . few hast soul with their dull quarrel , thy - to ear may , but beware but th'opposed censure reserve thy , but purse proclaims best man buy , the lender chief rich ; fancy oft the not thy apparel France of a loses borrowing it Farewell must canst as thine : follow you invites my season this the the dulls all above This to then be false , my go I : have , remember to . your and said well . it . me . and ; 'tis I , understand between it is of , audience , the you — and Give daughter hath He Pooh lord his Of you believe ! You in ; these true think I you call yourself yourself a for of the me tender me with . dearly fool . to , my heaven know , soul the - in daughter of speech I blazes , as of something , heat it fire at him . few investments unholy for that in command Set promise than entreatments for is From Hamlet ; this higher Lord forth time . air not spirit mean and , swaggering his wont then draws to down bray - his trumpet his thus . pledge ? I is't though born , Ay mind my to And honour'd the manner marry Is drum of the breach in traduc'd They This heavy and tax'd though , achievements our - headed , drunkards us addition our chances it marrow perform'd particular and oft in As His in Being else Nature's say , habit o'ergrowth down nature birth Or form man by , plausive of man , that too Fortune's — much one defect man — undergo as that these of grace man The , evil man man man , man , hell ! damn'd goblin us defend of intents spirit wicked a or . I'll burst to royal bones cerements thee , ignorance O ; this may again ? the , to the horridly hideous we of in steel mean , nature souls . removed it follow . I ; pin's it can forth toward the the , dreadful summit life . you again me life not set what be life should the life lord not , Why life , soul do I life life Being a life my for life Hold your fate petty cries Nemean the me lion's him of , that follow gentlemen . call'd a — with of come to this will issue what To Whither thou lead me Speak , me will hour Must I When render ghost is My me So art to I the burnt And Till Make And thy and a tale soul like eyes particular upon eternal the fretful must porpentine . be list , stand locks freeze start unfold of secrets the purg'd away my whose thy their part to combined quills List blood didst thou If ears Murder most Murder , foul to me But meditation most know't As or Haste And Wouldst thou my Mine have gifts to queen shameful virtuous the there was with the decline gifts poor gifts will never of gifts to were gifts shape gifts angel bed gifts celestial a a garbage gifts radiant it , gifts in it court virtue to scent gifts I hour secure prey sate Will her a went Hamlet , That made a to it a lust a ! me a My be custom my always . a Sleeping the a ; link'd on a thy in a ears , a as swift gates a , curd thin - like with and eager instant most The was lazar And And And That natural of The of of , crown even of All of my , with smooth queen , to bear pursu'st of bed damned , but of in disappointed sent , of , Thus off horrible the my of imperfections the made of all With Let Against to glow The O To And and worm aught for couch Taint thy - 'gins pale , adieu to Adieu prick mother thorns I'll of books wipe , bear you , youth thy away commandment all from this In saws All smile I may My Yea all trivial , copied alone observation brain heaven , woman smiling it villain Yes pernicious and volume be may smile is of my ! damned , I Now you adieu sworn't are and , 'Adieu , have . My lord Within . Lord I Within Within be him HORATIO So is't , come ! lord How my tell it . it lord , my it O , wonderful you'll be you'll HORATIO heaven , MARCELLUS secret . think ? reveal heaven . man heart . lord I would by a But ghost tell , he's There's no I But all the grave come . in You as hold And right , Why so , without more my go faith Look but There's no Yes wild , man is it For Such , sorry These O'ermaster't as are What is't my between , heartily , Yes It And desire to friends ghost know . honest Patrick too let this there but , by offence an much For As me . I . MARCELLUS , what we sword , already lord sword faith . swear't not thou , truepenny . in , stage Art the indeed . Swear . my that . Swear of oath , my . seen . you . hither Beneath speak , Then of by Once ! Beneath speak Swear , more Canst , i' . good , friends . strange so fast , it . Horatio , stranger antic disposition stranger or doubtful this seeing some stranger of - stranger would' might' stranger , stranger shake if this most at stranger me Swear stranger — out mercy know grace and aught you Or , we your : commend . perturbed by Or . 'There could we if to do they to me to So to lips was . right spite , Let t'express his fingers And Rest , With all , love poor what That time ever and , my , make to behaviour Of Before Give will money marvellous visit . inquiry . you ; sir . it and , more you question , keep , knowledge this will demands some he ; mean , ' and you part my he's , Reynaldo well ; 'not , him known most heed take , marry usual , lord you as , that not , and noted ; wild wanton such are youth Ay no , my liberty . lord swearing far charge fiery of may but seem they he . You : of liberty , in A meaning Wherefore should good my , I would As lord But , I laying believe Your Marry Ay You And it 'Good man you consequence ' addition . assur'd crimes . did lord to about does I consequence and . 'closes about sir , to At 'closes He or so the thus yesterday such : Very And mass By Or a , saw falling was I with him gaming at At At closes 'friend you or know in's gentleman marry the ; o'ertook : you , say now truth carp this wisdom assays . of bias , of advice and , have you have me directions my find former we by son I and out you ? my in my lord b' And Observe Well , Farewell Ophelia in I with his doublet hell before . each other , my , his stockings his all to ankle , head a with and down his been know , but comes out in , shirt if As Pale Ungart'red , upon his speak he piteous knocking his And had so for thy love Mad , What said fear held me truly I ? his hard arm brow face so , all his he mine profound his lets . help love itself undertakings , seek under desperate any his but repel did good That No sorry not to it is . I with words command letters lord I am It To This meant And I that fear'd , judgement ! jealousy proper , Come go we to opinions age our our younger being the , which common beyond discretion be must is it As Our we was from cannot I More And That since so dream father's sending hasty Of much him time your neighbour'd , So than Whether little you so vouchsafe Some of to his youth entreat your him gather unknown to , within by companies may our . you . much so gentry it talk'd will not remedy there us good , will please , living you , more hope awhile sovereign And here To Thanks Put your the give We To lay up , obey full . Guildenstern service freely , Rosencrantz visit Hamlet our these And Thanks Th'ambassadors too My Thou Have , hold to I lord , father , from Are still I Both ? the Norway my . you , news . mine : brain , the be long that policy of trail the to admittance that found so this else — not hath As His doubt death Well , sift marriage the in feast . main . Norway friends good he 'gainst Polack impotence out to truly whereat brief and uncle overcome with arms before , of his Norway in joy the quiet Polack soldiers those against hand he which set are of well ; allowance , enterprise to herein , your As and down safety this dominions therein please . time upon your more It to Answer at Go Meantime majesty , Were will Therefore What liege to waste the since it ; Your . be tediousness but is , brevity night to for to But , 'tis I use no 'tis true art that brief limbs and day and outward , soul And be go mad , More . A no pity all . 'tis , mark Perpend defect cause — Ophelia 'beautified' beautified vile but : my a you Hamlet phrase , shall thou to the Doubt the awhile vile ? hear . be her I , to Adieu reckon are from I , Good But dear love am Doubt that sun truth at ill I evermore dear , in most This would When I they And more above hath obedience , given how All fell But you his of faithful think a of As fain I perceiv'd daughter dear , here tell what that , dumb sight round did idle with play'd this winking bespeak star work resort I of I his then And then fruits now . he wail positively prov'd if Take this from this me , Where is we he sometimes try lobby . hours does four together indeed ? try . thereon , try try try it poor the do try presently . good Lord - my try , try , beseech sadly try I my so a man is ten my lord my goes , lord breed , sir be to For if , of in , very a daughter my Conception is to't on look blessing . but have harping fishmonger I again him to in truly at not me say gone her you first youth . matter my , here read ? lord . amber grey have of you set most I have , it to though honesty as backward , there is my air the of . that out , Aside sir , yourself , I should hold All it go Will ! is not so means that of be prosperously I will most , that my , old tedious well except my me ; Hamlet is he there the God Lord lord lord honoured . good Polonius To children children live you about children Then children parts ? children the news most true children world's grown children the not children , my good she sends , but , her that she ; is honest hither . question more wards , lord is , my there for think not there one o' Denmark you it nothing king dreams bad the myself a for your mind of very . substance that is but ; thanks your Is friends justly with . me What am you , of poor your know to I end , should But . anything of To . me to teach must me what colour me me , me , Nay have me off eye of an me so shall not and , lord me . If ? you were for Guildenstern then . this firmament , frame ; will and late of in like . an no , angel faculties world the dust ? your , quintessence lord did you by of apprehension . you say no woman , a and : the . me' ? entertainment way tribute . his shall the ; me not plays the king , those shall whose What , freely Majesty the , Lenten on , you — foil offer to , them and shall part th' in ; target use humorous lungs end shall . Their ? How Even and chances I not rusty did so they , Do ? eyases the grow are comes How tyrannically the most hold Do their children endeavour , they it No keeps of aerie wonted little stages — and so goose dare scarce call These . than better sides was There the unless bid for to tarre to much of ? for . possible ? about there no there argument are controversy the the Do they very ; make would not a , is , this in for lived if 'Sblood could give of is . Your the out his uncle than . players are something hundred philosophy in . Let which deceived You . comply ceremony the more is you of are , north mad but you Happily he , a Monday sir will , lord see baby for of child twice the yet not is comes the he's prophesy right come Buzz , either tragedy , comedy for ass , actor - each Upon on his history , poem the , men ! tragical , historical the scene , treasure he what , the writ of of What 'One The . I , daughter a . not , old have well right loved th' my that follows ? love I that ? lord , Nay What Why , lot by , as chanson abridgement welcome the Pray to heaven my well I anything at . Come ladyship me old be e'en to't me a ? lord you like me where look For me to see glad , me . us a acted pleased , me was , straight . fly me when since me young What ? me Masters within of a quality a speech uncurrent gold , welcome . are all heard me once I remember the , were there it in cried as was , or million others excellent the indite it it your me live and . sable in of might in method . fine One speech thereabout he see it he If let Pyrrhus begins whose he ominous , he smear'd to , he sons fire , he and and with in coagulate gore he horse he complexion daughters , dread and gules , the a , discretion good him finds he his Priam to Striking But whiff the at Greeks proceed well So lies , arm command . where accent with , at with Pyrrhus Takes falls this base Pyrrhus' reverend like the we a But nothing Aroused On nothing And nothing With nothing nothing nothing silence The nothing hush , the anon , nothing speechless death winds As on rend on less on armour Out on Break out on strumpet Now synod and on fellies down the from on away hill on . Hecuba bawdry mobled come come Run come good queen' come come come come come head that have limbs , and . gods . eyes tears . of colour no abstracts well were death for players are better while you have will use I well , will well , whipping 'scape less your see they the ? more is Come they should ; lord man bodikin deserve hear well . till so O , Ay Is But in Could That Tears A forms What's That he Had I And cleave mad Confound very A John can Upon damn'd calls off by as , 'Swounds I the to am I make should treacherous slave's ass an , to Prompted like fall A guilty by struck They have though miraculous something uncle to the course a of is to I'll relative me And from When Did you Niggard To And as . him a kind they before play ; to me true most 'Tis did on in these certain that Of out any pastime ? have entreat matter a so your doth ; purpose on him him give gentlemen With drive Good my his it Majesties . We shall , edge , by for Hamlet And If't love . do , espials behav'd no judge virtues way honours on so . may may to ! give doth with that ! speech , to my most art helps sugar o'er : Let's to — a in be Let's . him Let's Let's And Let's heart , Let's The by Or Let's Let's The be No more end heir to : To mind that arrows . ay There's off of whips the love pangs oppressor's insolence patient merit dispriz'd That The When he of bear pause death is flesh For When in The The No us does thus conscience the others great pale pith native make that we the with fly traveller And does I The many . thy Soft . action Nymph Be fair Ophelia How pray you , to not gave I thank Good my . the so you honour'd made Ha unkind perfume breath well for when ! ha There ; more again wax fair ? you fair your your lordship My Are to have of my lord a force no transform honesty love I was This , Indeed lord . than power . did not old did our did things I did inoculate breeder deceived virtue did a ? did did have to to did cannot me loved me I . my I give me beck us am very proud ways and but such them crawling time earth thou marry , calumny needs make . quickly if thou shalt heavens fool the I'll as go know this pure , marry O to nunnery wise O heavenly well as as a thou fool dost ice a , enough too another Those as that are me hath , all , nunnery a are hath , You ! restore him well and make made already ! sword tongue , o'erthrown . is mind soldier's and noble , Th'expectancy glass of the form unmatch'd sweet That The live most most most see suck'd Like Blasted most observers ladies Now I most of honey most , quite deject most of feature O seen most not woe me blown is way tend sovereign most vows , youth , most in his see . form that it melancholy madness he I some have the it I his And Was what Will Thus down Haply of This do of I objects , and his From need from The shall , what after , Hamlet alone . My , his his if But We You it show Let To England Your It best him send shall ; her mother queen great you or shall wisdom . so confine find If let be I'll And Of tongue the hand town in Madness ones you , do the I trippingly to saw passion tear it , of ears nothing you playing let have , may robustious are neither the to is her own time and was action from you to body off the and the of others . pressure form his though ; grieve virtue and tardy seen , that of some , theatre the a the , o'erweigh profanely and the reform'd imitated they we the altogether have humanity the had man neither , pagan well , the Christian the thought in the set meantime the a of us speak that them the most . pitiful clowns ambition , not of ? work of presently haste and players Queen and to GUILDENSTERN lord , my help will two Will We . service ! as cop'd Nay do my e'er As For Why may advancement hast the revenue knee hear ? choice her the flatter'd poor be spirits ; thee absurd lick should , but I ? hope the of of that buffets and tongue hinges . Dost thou her mistress fawning men for suffering judgement not a please pipe , and for stop and they blood ta'en Whose That sound is heart's do not There I when core . what are comes passion's ay comes Something , a of comes have scene , comes mine uncle comes itself will mine after comes If aught comes detecting steal comes Well my this lord of will imaginations my Vulcan's For As I In we 'scape A ; promise I No Excellent . nor have , i' of you , cannot ; My say and and ? you ? and kill'd . capital stay , and sit by more and dear they kill ready and , my and hither , of him brute part lord , lap you do ho mother in lie I my head . lord . your lap upon Ay my , lord , my country my nothing think a , you your , the two wear ago months black , his 'For not and for shall life . have year yet ? Then But a , for . not and him he bank ears passionate again , and The , awhile . but , Poisoner away unwilling carried Mutes body dead The She seems loth and , Lays protestation pours four dead in him . comes in . my this Will shame not they is this imports ashamed to show , the ring , For us , moons times thirty moons , in journeys moons count are your former of late , moons moons moons : must moons so love moons moons . ere , holds sun . distrust . too . breast dead bed you . break , validity be mellow we what 'tis when unshaken ourselves to , to necessary Of But I second second believe , To pay Most passion doth we is propose , prove left slender or grief nor our with left fortune down hitherto Our left left So think are left That wills devices do where left I . left , left , dead still still . still still still still our wed light still . food give me and An I that would To what Meet Both here well hence have widow rock this like ? thy . thy you thy thy Have argument , poison in thy thy the there Is her , thy . thy ? image Baptista of : King Let that . us what . unwrung are to my , and are a you Still apt season , rank mixture Thou dire property , and infected . see shall The story You His . usurp and Italian rises estate for's gets the Why For , Turk turn me , a runs , while the ; in a , deer strucken forest with fellowship Half dost Of realm one share two me of players a A have O my of talk have for . have him . comedy have not , music king the have , have like he some ? have the . recorders have . signify this plunge to the distempered of , sir — sir ; rather into my your discourse put show to me wisdom doctor Good Queen my good you ; wholesome a make no wonderful speak obey were , to shall And lord , own if I pickers once friend . once your for once . once your in deny once do himself once King the drive once proverb too , one . bold cannot . I I , But , stops you top the this little would of the not ! me I will discourse most and have stops . of . I . You note , out . pluck . though of . will instrument play me . presently . My to Do When yawn the I itself of hot this Would will Let To them How dispatch . hypocrites be she somever seals my in my soul consent . it with may range our near Out We keep live That The and many upon life 'noyance and and Most so To Hazard The your England hourly grow you . not endure provide . it safe is massy highest the ten the it not Dies near Are Fix'd lives spirit all With That huge Did King with ; many whose keep To upon the , but to a this Never upon - GUILDENSTERN free put , which thousand ; annexment boist'rous small Each the you now I pray you , I'll he's . 'Tis nature as , the hear The I'll makes . ere you partial more I as sharp eldest dear , Thanks O , It A , brother's guilt primal hath tell the is murder offence my And defeats as ! it smells curse this if business blood Whereto ? in What to be intent first shall with the What brother's visage this come fall prayer , What What — What look murder my ? What What . up snow What of Forgive Forgive Forgive our Forgive we . no is his Even Forgive To true teeth can one can ? then What Forgive . Forgive of ourselves What not be as repent , the so prize this retain and pardon'd corrupted seen the May And hand may There Buys 'tis . But not there forehead ! heaven to be for I'll sinews this , villain that send revenge save knows full of same scann'd flush as now and salary this That so And . villain I now And And all But how hire 'Tis To take him in the purging for in hire soul , No . hire about bed his a hire thou ; rage passage course hire of then more his , act at , hire hire hire in't My sickly prolongs goes . be of salvation kick thy days mother , hell That has , swearing of and never to thoughts , my up thoughts heaven home been . have pranks come too hath Look broad screen'd round mother him with e'en to bear me you Withdraw , Hamlet I'll . be you I mother Now my answer you , come go , Go , Mother Why you how you Queen the , it were . so You so now me the Have , those You , Nay , go rood come , rood , rood You then rood Where What Behind rood rood rood ducat Thou the set inmost help , slain am , O . What Behind A bloody O Nay Thou Leave If me your rash be of have heart . better thy rash marry kill As rash rash , Thou wretched thee rash lady for hands too , rash rash . busy made be wring it rash rash rude rude rude rude have What rude rude rude A and As false As And From and the a blister and very of tristful Is roars so this front and two on . command and and and and herald the like a and like A A on seem station See Hyperion's combination curls The was to to assurance did , seated of a man . what a mildew'd now Have at you eyes sure sure not but Sense blood Ha mountain . moor - And And Could you Blasting The could Nor sense it serve Eyes Ears Could flaming thou To mope but without without If And the in not Thou youth her compulsive doth burn charge wax , spots . will actively ardour itself When frost Since rank Nay will And No murderer not villain . honeying , Over speak cutpurse is lord the kings making more ; part the , stole , mine in your chide , passion figure by command ! mad and acting in You heavenly not , your dread blunted works soul lady . fighting it how do the bedded And On Will stern true with capable them form , him want colour piteous Do action this Then tears see all you do whom perchance you I have speak ; you did ourselves ? I see ? nothing yet nothing his at out as it steals liv'd he away . your ecstasy portal . the brain in to me It is which your my to soul speaks madness , test madness , what to my ; madness of not ; word re Mother healthful as I the have That Repent rank but unction . film , virtue , come weeds good , of vice part to have uncle's it not , not mine sense angel if custom virtue go good and this . other of it , more potency use the And habits evil purer with , so . blessing wondrous With bestow but heaven desirous Once next Refrain kind or , more nature easy easiness out , of bles'd lord , and same you do Pinch let him , your tempt a for What begins I will gave death word not good , queen essentially craft Would more , One shall , pair damn'd kisses his do I that I bid you , am Make But dear who Or And to your neck madness him matter his , let , you ? breathe creep ape concluded . of made neck top secrecy sense the in to , hast I be life , down have know will : I as bear his me I seal'd forgot will the own must England way enginer mines sweet . room into I'll And There's letters they , to knavery Let the have sweep my ; 't below , two yard . sport to 'tis For And delve petard When in This good life draw night matter sir Good , a secret Indeed , in , most toward to , prating end foolish an There's You Ah , Mad Whips out It had To Alas It Should This We But Even Shows But The Friends Go pray Into pray seek Come Gertrude Whose pray And him I pray them . fair , he pray this mean our hath haste in bring the pray to our come and his of full pray pray Hamlet GUILDENSTERN blank , pray ! O . they the Lord . Hamlet come with , lord 'tis whereto here ? kin take chapel . to we may . it believe thence mine own it son . Besides not , lord made sponge and Do Believe be a replication can of your keep I authorities . them Ay — But an a such like what me should countenance ? my king a best his you . a with to . is mouthed he ear The the but King tell it you and he and not , be have sleeps , shall you not my body lord . you have thing . sent it fox — like in we that him , after to . Hide . not must How . judgement To sending Or at must bear , their put is him seek the all reliev'd , my . he We the is , lord . lord my lord guarded us know . Hamlet Guildenstern , Where get cannot bestow'd him in , At , supper fat king and else beggar That's , service variable fat alas ! ourselves emperor . where's Now ? eaten thou end ? go this worm king may . king a that of mean you What with fish through the go you But him your up stairs into the Go place th'other show not will thither to If as . there him safety for seek come , hence must we hast deed stay within this some Hamlet lobby . thee bent He is quickness . and prepare thyself . England tend tender done — England Ay ready , England . purposes knew'st , one . and is aboard ; for , man , that them . mother , tonight hence with Tempt everything for not at ; Father and mother is my I'll great else Away him Follow My and Delay That , it England And As , yet thy us letters By homage After sovereign cicatrice which death For The power give mayst full coldly , rages , at raw , looks Fortinbras , license me Danish know Majesty greet a aught with conveyance . eye so let our in . us . my , I If Go , express ? Norway , Go softly powers , of ? Fortinbras them old Norway , Goes Truly We to to in it speak ducats five it Or against go hath gain a no Norway five patch defend will garrison'd never is Polack it , Yes Two not thousand is This Will Will't please b' God th'imposthume and humbly this of I of wealth much shows you , wi' thank , straight revenge and and That I'll occasions sleep that capability us fust but Be Sure To A Makes Exposing all Sith To reason reason reason My reason To reason reason is reason I reason the slain be thoughts hide ? not , she doubt heart in nothing , hears and things use unshaped it doth beats , thoughts own aim speech is to , nods up , minds . she for ; to the nothing Though would her , as There's , She sense and , world Spurns The And , but half carry Indeed , Which Yet hearers they their be . them , great true . Denmark of the itself Where conjectures spilt true So Each To some fearing , as in artless to to jealousy ? mark , imports what , gone green Ophelia you lady At mountain mark the dead is is you you Nay Say head He . as shroud heels stone — Nay ? go ; flowers snow , table God lady , sweet you when what ask , at , Valentine at a And God have of Saint Valentine's , he Then All in be departed out more in the I'll Pretty Never maid without an , an ; shame ! end . blame to by , la Young By would I hadst thou An How long to my thus . done me make , on't you before not and men Quoth Cock are me bed ground choose shall coach . my Come cold your must she But good of poison sweet i' for her I they hope weep of good , him counsel pray you good , night good ; they this her . her father single , I , these her their the thoughts . him we fair from ear clouds , arraign this in places , piece Gertrude beggar'd speeches not wants pestilent of on In ear With and Like of of his of what , stick . ear Will of superfluous O our of person to many ? this ? the of , head list more in now riotous of ocean Alack Where are my Switzers is The Eats O'erbears Caps , your the world and forgot tongues king ! props , and we , Laertes , The Than as Antiquity hands cheerfully counter the is doors O The ratifiers , king , be king . king ! to ' the cry Danish they dogs . you , this you will . the Keep . we door my Laertes . me proclaims , father brands the harlot true , thou vile bastard that's Give you . go him , will but can drop the looks divinity treason thus That him Acts Why That Let What is so doth peep . Let Dead not Where Speak of his incens'd thou Gertrude : father hell I allegiance dead not , I'll to to demand by his Vows to him . to be stand pit to far will Most to come both dare and . to point to world so , in . to ? the husband I'll all , means to That They , with certainty little . revenge then arms , pelican you with the thus , child To his for grief enemies . rendering - my them like friends good wide I'll ope my blood a your sensibly as does to of and now father's level . May , of mine of be beam sister possible Ophelia paid wits ? eye salt in 'pear . and her Let now shall virtue brains madness thy the heaven ! heat turn scale kind sense . mortal some itself 'tis man's young , seven times my many nonny barefac'd non his Dear , loves bier hey a didst not could Fare well . the . that call you is daughter . him , ' his . than the wits grave . remembrance , nothing's , master's And for move a here's must you . grace of There's and o' all you for rosemary it , in pansies remembrance for that's madness I They . joy to , rue for violets a wither'd they with . my good is , prettiness . bonny Robin There's a he , no never was His And will come come is again as gone snow as he affliction all my sweet , is All to souls of . soul this b' commune , all , He flaxen , he is . God you . poll his was ? O your and hear shall If us direct judge . right friends or all ; And And they with but you collateral will lend it give shall you They Or we we Laertes I me we to nor we o'er burial in our Make choice we by , touch'd life we we with content ; be , we means due your jointly To Be we we trophy Let hatchment so — His be That in heaven you where would go sir them not you , come in they They if letter a . There's England for your if let bound him from , and't shall to fellows some days . two , sir Horatio , that am of sail them became boarded have overlooked warlike prisoner mercy , in , Finding Reads means old the so slow a . was thee bless They have shalt ; please as , comes valour thieves our and to speak thou good I them of Come do't give , me . them brought that for direct thee these may your letters bring for fellows thine you from To you way whom speedier the , And noble a seal knowing for father slain , seem strong are looks ; be , you you It appears not your So and wisdom plague by O You Pursu'd my well proceeded mainly two , The might star it for Queen , stirr'd , they special all things mother , sphere soul his — motive , affection bear go . The and in I life but myself , other think . come will revenge mount on her That your not For And think it lov'd , And you shall be are But hear shortly , my may into , driven challenger have I made for if our let praises shook so we . You stuff of father teach What ; Hamlet your Letters Sailors , my now How , lord Majesty He Claudio say I receiv'd them . hear I your , pardon and ? leave to abuse thereunto set your . that such the , all rest the ' return beg you see shall is And in am lost I here says he ? him tell my advise my to very me thou But his , 'alone postscript a in , Laertes , it it 'Thus live you teeth . let ' him come lord by How to otherwise peace me that , and he return'd fall , it it rul'd devise be accident the practice , it it so it much , it your travel him a . it it it that say pluck , you Of did that is the together not the organ of from sum regard less becomes ? envy my my and riband Than light health been . incorps'd and brought grew horseback , seen Importing Had And myself As had he beast in Norman With So So A of such in't . on and , So but So He doing far his seat , So horse his wondrous So I So you is . So So He A Norman , same . He He swore could match He oppos'd you Your He Hamlet could He he sudden That He He What Laertes envenom are Or envenom envenom envenom Not that envenom But And envenom Time envenom envenom A There For Dies We do in there should And As That More i' words son quick undertake th'ulcer sigh ; changes , 'would' as is like hands , are spendthrift o' on double shall know place should shall those a , But good you No do praise in come varnish this . bounds , To than his cut no keep close on return'd put And on peruse with sword A Most Laertes chamber home your : you free little the , unction an will do't . anoint of purpose I blood no all but draws that bought that And I Requite Will is Weigh simples us , It simples our drift of death I . withal simples dip simples , scratch'd that simples a in it knife rare virtue from thing I'll simples this gall of both him the have if simples that , what simples or shape to solemn If through look a blast proof second , your you violent drink more your in make As I If And Our chalice ha't ! When a that May fit this better Should have back on that end , him , hot escape follow aslant sister's upon may hold prepar'd I'll but have , your there tread another's stream daisies . brook drown'd , Queen sweet , O , where , a the name fingers , weeds wide her , dead did sliver broke tunes , own they bore her , up spread , herself her an weedy . incapable that , Unto Which hang the maids liberal , nettles with , That our As Or element . But garments , time on But cold to , the in Fell Alas Pull'd her poor heavy , native , There Clamb'ring down she brook the she Too much Till a creature long their yet , are gone , lord my When blaze I is ? drown'd , water I trick speech woman fear much How Let shame a say ; be that ; calm douts that . nature this folly to give let's Now it start rage again her grave Christian crowner . offendendo se and an finds . burial point : perform — delver , act the lies an and For . three be to wittingly to lies the the good , do herself it argues else in argal the , here found so hear you you , Ay If ? Will you , have Why , go mark man , should their Adam's up great , folk than gentlemen , but ancient more o' this , law ? quest no hold they There more the drown that , Why Christian , What art countenance even question is Scripture says to gallows thy like wit - he to does to in The ? to well gallows to to to What to It well good faith that than ; to maker for do To't thee the to built a a , tell . not say 'a next will . did , O O no made hath was the was But Hath was And hath was As I was age of in little was with hand was grave his in never been such . this did might now not ? first the ass knave How could 'twere it and would one be a Or - ' It could be when horse Ay , might one's my now my bones these Lady Did 'em Here's Mine with with trick at lord ; fine cost ? Worm's on't sheet to meet guest clay - for a For and a ache to a , a his skull his Where sconce of about be tricks his of , with vouchers , the than recovery conveyances too his his box his fines and full great , of himself the very Will , inheritor ? too . that I sir ? made in't . yours not . is mine it 'Tis for . the in't say quick it ; away dig 't it What the be part out on't do to for I in't thine liest thou therefore thine 'tis , yet again is from for ? sir ? in't her rest soul the by these speak , toe , she's dead hast long the equivocation or since to't that that that Fortinbras . day sent very he ? or if wits mad he as mad they ? came the are with e'en , will in Upon a here Very long Denmark I man the year not , he rotten hold scarce before . or — will die than laying , as we have many . nine last you keep he year your of decayer that earth will think of , a was twenty years the Rhenish King's skull A was rogue I it ? was ? flagon him knew ? pour'd . Nay and ; Alas that This , excellent , skull jest E'en , times thousand infinite . gorge a . Yorick . those hung now I how , merriment , What's lady's fashion i' ! lord imagination hole trace ? bung not . a may so enough modesty was Alexander earth they ; with Horatio find to consider we dust the what uses of base 'Twere noble buried make faith , not , and Should ; Mourners The But ! that soft the such own with maimed life it corse we Fordo Queen rites follow Who This that , hand , courtiers wall t'expel King . very ? a else ceremony . some desperate . estate Mark . youth obsequies Couch Laertes That been Her been she allowed there been be ? was doubtful the been , her , be charitable enlarg'd ? else order far been lodg'd have , on thrown been virgin prayers rites been her , and no Of strewments been bell be more No is and , done the rest to dead such her Lay sage requiem peace her to from . fair I i' minist'ring Sweets sweet hop'd , shouldst Scattering . not I And thy thou have thought I Depriv'd Hold . I thee flat this her a your old upon Pelion blue Of the or Olympus dust have Till pile Whose of Till Bears Conjures Like wonder . stars ? grief phrase ? is . and . I take devil Dane dangerous . my and ! throat , rash , thy hand ! All I wiseness them Hamlet asunder Gentlemen be this . will Until , Why my ! with fight , lord will eyelids no , son what ; forty their with my . Ophelia wilt is , What love mad forbear me thou'lt a leaping thou ? here in with what fast and , her woul't mountains eisel of ? eat , us till with come the against on Nay , well as as wart an madness mere fit is will the as the work couplets patient female sit golden are will drooping , sir you you that ; use But it reason do is himself dog and will he , Horatio what , good our last in the to present watch some matter a have over living shortly set shall our quiet proceeding patience Now . let the all sir my , remember lord it was there a sleep me . in heart the , it for let bilboes — serves sometime mutinies ; pall us and shapes how them do we most hew divinity certain is that cabin my from find packet scarf'd fears Grop'd room To to forgetting again out That about ; will the , desire , bold dark life , axe , did I how — brains to my more villanies with , and but write yeoman's did to a new The did baseness play Devis'd A to . learning — I it commission what lord wrote thou know , King ? from faithful tributary much now , labour'd Wilt sir fair statists , once as hold effect that me of my . his the like still stand As earnest comma - was like England view the many them and debatement further on should bearers a shriving should Not He Folded Which the was my , in father's this time allow'd in my of the ; was to Now form Danish seal safely of . the what it sequent day to't employment to go defeat their ; this , and conscience . comes this is opposites baser mighty Of are make Does make He that make it Popp'd hath not Why Thrown , make his out And with such , my make Between make pass make th'election To further canker cozenage with must What th'election issue shortly — arm of ? is't th'election ? be , life damn'd ; mine is th'election than But It And th'election him by th'election man's am to the I . more of image Laertes sorry The th'election the That of For sure will th'election I To let from comes here ? Horatio say me favours see to Denmark back this put Dost a lord . but of him know is you lord , let a a his to all right receive it will I Sweet land your with thank of chough good my of 'tis at believe , No , at lordship in mess beast dirt at ; leisure spirit for 'tis very head . a to his at Put Majesty at thing should impart at . wind my , the your at , this signify for sultry sultry me 'twere cannot , matter that complexion I , 'tis and you the Sir , is most gentleman showing absolute good remember he an society is mine on very Sir , soft ease very dizzy quick continent the in a suffers , differences find shall you to come , to Laertes him no make trace sail great diction his infallibly of him true th'arithmetic of soul his of card or of full great calendar you . rawer his infusion . his , memory what , and , him him in yet , in semblable verity article umbrage of But . most as we the ? do else who Your , possible understand ? tongue You , of do't words spent are you if , sir . golden all's him is ; what Well should compare excellence — ignorant faith with ? it would Of I , approve you ; would sir did in well But his and weapon well meed of with which The , sir faith in he King two sir , very are as , responsive French Three of it , call What That's it it girdle take wager'd as to it it imponed hath , it , I so it on . cannon done it most , hilts had carriages liberal conceit ere But the it you nine ? him . the for passes laid lordship would And , if till you French matter . answer hits is Why shall I mean my gain hold , the time breathing walk , How the foils be and shame will hits if , his the in please it so ? nature , gentleman can . is flourish for . commend I Yours my Shall - after duty commend away This his bevy comply with the time and dug before I did the and ; habit and through out blow them collection of with turn there , himself it are no are bubbles kind and and has trial a on he dotes Thus of only — know longer pleasure provided King's take to I young sends you or and all be , will , the follow him with hold lord Majesty you to commended . as , ready my attend in the that purposes is I pleasure am speaks mine Now use happy The Queen King practice think here I so win about my , will wager shall but If ; and , is such a you woman my good it , augury . are it a it thou is - forestall providence readiness is betimes come not in . to to fit be come a There's he come , aught not , anything perhaps hither will , yet have a . Give This I presence your what of 'tis Hamlet Come and needs , wrong you heard himself nature am But , Roughly , here Laertes not If Who Then it the ? himself does . madness wrong'd does then of purpos'd , If't , Hamlet does my disclaiming your my hurt Free Let Was't so in my my Till I revenge aloof voice in have To To my stand Whose do will I ; one wager foils for night in indeed You Come a , Hamlet off off well , odds off off off off all off odds . both I length I . wine of my These I is Your do I I not I I But I This too This I all the cup an union successive shall four fire exchange hit second better , throw breath that or first give , Ay If crown in Hamlet Set Let And The in than the to drinks to Hamlet . ' . judges , King you And hit a , very give No . what play . a touch . breath do Another Stay me to Hamlet Come He's Hamlet The Here Aside , thy thy brows . late too you me . fortune , napkin my , By him It lord ; will Aside yet , not lord not 'tis you conscience almost , My I , let me thy now hit wipe I'll change way on of . incens'd Laertes now , are wounds Hamlet then Hamlet ; Nay Have in Laertes How Queen is't ? Why , own both them ! ho , my ? Queen on to sides kill'd to springe own ? I the them She am woodcock How my mine treachery dear Hamlet . Treachery No Hamlet is the do thee : see to swoons the drink , the the , an in thy of . poison'd . lock'd hour hand practice to work . and Treason ! OSRIC Then The defend , but , Dane here Is murderous . potion Follow . by my , incestuous I . friends thy thou , is poison me noble himself . Mine Exchange free and this off Heaven am dead , pale fell ! I , tell am Horatio — I but , as and Horatio but I You That Is I some an yet left than Roman Never liv'st Thou are time arrest be report liquor . a . it believe antique what th'art unsatisfied me — am cup thus ever , behind , me I'll more ; Fortinbras To Give To What the die , I conquest with , Things volley England ? spirit Poland , I noble angels solicited have And On Now of The occurrents my news crows , voice . prince . to come ? you wonder cries woe on That many , your , so quarry What feast What of The ears our our and his Guildenstern Had is th'ability from come give late hearing is a princes thine eternal cell , shot ? us fulfill'd dead thanks , The And are is since from And Of is . casual acts yet , purposes cause slaughters forc'd . All can I , judgements bloody and shall the these bodies , you and invite my , you hear unnatural , accidental deaths have me And us the noblest to haste now Of with rights my in fortune . more on speak draw ; had and up the Becomes shall same errors stage been he royally music like Let and are be presently , to for sight lest soldiers' prov'd he Exeunt field bodies most Hamlet but here a . the rites as of amiss , his , this . much — by States copy can print one works means Go . Such the , be bid shoot ordnance will these except by , Use part GUTENBERG distributing it the trademark PROJECT General copyright very as such nearly the trademark purpose research . Project for you . including creation trademark to license not an is a use royalties you following Project given eBooks commercial especially the Redistribution of mission promoting free the redistribution work Project phrase Full . license with online Gutenberg Gutenberg this or at of other work electronic associated the . Section A . you , agree to comply of electronic works of and understand read must you , If of you using Redistributing Project agree to by your a bound using copy electronic you this , paid Gutenberg in the . without be complying things even paragraph agree to or Project . is a as and any with full most of of you free , a Project C electronic There with the a . E collection the agreement do with See works . work by electronic Gutenberg of Gutenberg . terms the Project this Foundation you this are Project this can are future . the in located are Gutenberg owns Gutenberg the If in PGLAF See electronic The Foundation agreement electronic work prevent the to will Project derivative Gutenberg works agreement the of by freely this work by others . agreement full charge located in Gutenberg promoting of removed copying in unprotected individual to a displaying to electronic with name terms the with on . sharing also for keeping this laws of before agreement the or can The format . check in what you state distributing representations change work of with do copyright share with Copyright this work the are you . countries , States this works are any no Gutenberg appear works must to work Gutenberg links , or works License Project or works most works the , restrictions no any displayed the works under works works org included are , with in is copied it before using to . electronic of is anyone permission with posted License world the for Gutenberg the performed copy parts other a from . the . of country an individual not notice providing with set If the an . for the in paragraphs . holder . the . and . work . E , Project the must posted linked permission the found work beginning both of individual Project Gutenberg work E paragraphs or States redistributing or access . E part Gutenberg with Project distribute , or holder electronic perform . full Project the Gutenberg or , of work a through Gutenberg of the copyright with additional with permission by copyright detach of to files remove copyright . Additional works at work this any associated display sentence convert marked or other word on Project However Gutenberg to format org Plain to you provide the . of to or Vanilla upon to obtaining , up to to hypertext and access to set , Gutenberg immediate to or You , user Project . a ASCII Vanilla distribute processing full . to any than version Do performing . you a use of calculate fee provided Gutenberg under Gutenberg that E any for fee not comply You You unless use to a . E . viewing or trademark paragraph tax returns as your taxes Royalty royalties following Literary to the Project with Gutenberg agreed the of royalty to already the owner such money within paid Foundation about of a Section Gutenberg should within donate your Archive to each Archive clearly be Information writing , must of any copies the and with all receipt distribution you comply of other . accordance with or work a paid . forth the Literary Project in or charge you Archive Contact terms writing set terms and in terms terms the proofread of terms below . and Gutenberg creating expend terms or fee a must obtain terms terms volunteers . Despite . copyright research . to of agreement work electronic . not effort . to works Gutenberg other or works , data , infringement WARRANTY a a DISCLAIMER described but the identify F do U and or Literary by property virus costs HAVE work you by trademark electronic NO by expenses by party , your by computer . the or Right by Project Project Except - equipment by of distributing including FOR owner Project legal STRICT , explanation your received the . this work to . defective written the in . you any medium person the with receive a refund of electronic if of the or provide a must work receiving paid replacement a set second the that return . to copy the writing refund IS' - or problem may limited right provided work work electronically of exclusion the applicable limitation interpreted of Some . F , this law the warranties or any shall damages . agreement limitation unenforceability violates F . not of certain the agreement of this provisions volunteers hold this agreement in . maximum this disclaimer . and of the anyone , the this or and a from and in , Foundation the invalidity or c , modification with Gutenberg alteration to , b any Gutenberg . Section including electronic following additions or with providing , production works Project legal accordance fees cause , Defect obsolete because the or in of do cause . work distribution volunteers middle with . aged - middle widest the Mission the readable efforts financial Literary goals assistance Volunteers middle exists electronic is synonymous about the middle . middle , see non . middle secure Project It donations the Gutenberg's middle a . the tax about or Literary page donations can about - extent Project federal is about under to Contributions Mississippi educational about Foundation more your Foundation To and about Sections Section c Archive Foundation of Project . about Archive about are . Foundation's EIN the about located is can www Literary page at about to - The and Gutenberg corporation to laws federal , contact official freely increasing Foundation's S deductible and the state's Watchung links Foundation's Gutenberg at found . your the without to and Archive carry out survive mission works website org Project accessible tax regulating . gutenberg and determine have DONATIONS where number including particularly status in and . the . donors in To who states such know donate . compliance from we offers unsolicited cannot not charitable to are paperwork against we much We written org of where SEND of fees of donations solicit not we concerning . online . checks including ways International have treatment are treatment laws web www About library of Michael Hart treatment payments of pages and are credit : treatment U not accepting States Please outside treatment statements Gutenberg was of Gutenberg treatment shared Section and addresses visit editions treatment Gutenberg distributed treatment . Project treatment the check Donations . a anyone which are . For Project Professor S with volunteer often created with has . the to information our to people facility keep our : start a Gutenberg eBooks www our hear about eBooks , and . Literary