. answer . me come struck now you 'Tis most . thanks am had guard . stirring I , Marcellus make Friends to to liegemen . bid night , and them Horatio my , farewell Barnardo has is there Give soldier good , who ? Horatio , you - you night ? tonight along come and again our him him ? hold twice belief but have Horatio And Touching this I watch if us Therefore let 'tis the not to That against two again down , eyes us , Sit let all have . story seen our Barnardo night we assail . again myself , pole , westward Look . off , the King comes part . that that's it the it Peace Thou In figure a Looks Most It thou with that majesty offended I ? What art like It would be , of . away stalks is it of and buried this time heaven By which sometimes In Together the fair It ! you ! this own mine Of ! avouch ! was ! Horatio this How He smote frown'd Is As Such Thus the the , Norway in on ice the our ; that state , knows opinion not I , to of most subject and tell gross what In martial in bodes some particular strange and , why such mart daily the of , whose war cannon watch the of for be joint can labourer , And And not foreign Sunday impress such Does shipwrights the image as , even a of our ; by to of life law his , moiety , compact , return'd competent the article ; vanquisher our King ratified , Against Which forfeit seiz'd by he And in to the Shark'd food list of , and , of the by of inheritance , young , resolutes our by unto foresaid , our And , in't ; those hand , enterprise is no other , some , diet appear motive lost terms father haste rummage this question these the e'en mind's Rome , portentous so and the the , watch of : land and be through may That most high is so that to trouble Roman moist the precurse preceding the , events eclipse stands star . it and doomsday Neptune's and and earth , fates on countrymen or blast sound earth hast Unto , Have And even earth As heaven and earth it , earth together where Stay comes me earth , earth walk ! at , with Marcellus if stand . will strike Stop Shall For And then it started was about We do offer 'Tis show of , malicious , shrill and morn violence air vain The his Th'extravagant earth hies spirit in - the object that made present confine on Saviour's Wherein the in sea his with Awake Doth Whether god of day ; at , erring fire or ever that To And The No It dawning wholesome are they of celebrated the nor hallow'd we our young Let o'er Walks Break the , I nights then The , fairy So , no witch power to it , conveniently I , us ; watch dew for what we by my . and Attendant , our Lords Though That we contracted sorrow with with hearts grief and dear it us befitted death , Together wisest one of to jointress a and , auspicious one with queen . him kingdom our and brow dirge dole herein we and sometime hath remembrance now on , joy eye have this as equal Our state Colleagued a affair delight all of supposal our to to thinking follows to , by most much ourself , father is of we of law , our late disjoint with the this valiant To Of further lists and and with bonds time this advantage of , message for proportions subject Cornelius of of Out good Giving You this impotent his this , further allow duty the than commend and ; To and In let Farewell your Of CORNELIUS VOLTEMAND show , the beg thy , What Laertes Laertes , news thou . farewell with ? heart wouldst native not of instrumental to , my and now duty have be suit of speak voice not is more . your wouldst more thy ? to duty I my the is willingly in bend gracious again , I From leave to lord your , father's will leave your lord my , best more little it at time thy my you still kin too hang I lord is , my than off , son go to will be fair it am cast much father look , thy for with like ever common for not that i' colour friend nighted , in vailed dust be , all that lids thee . common it madam If , fruitful suits cloak mother lives eternity . forc'd know , eye the of haviour moods . of a passeth woe the in , mourning your father commendable and For these , know solemn , These which within duties and a survivor persevere , man suits your his for condolement most to , sorrow . a simple , grief bound ; nature , opposition as died still whose , absurd fathers first so to Why For An It Of the Fie and , thing peevish to to heaven , earth , note hath fault a fault 'tis , let bears our father to he and who take world think us to , cousin cousin . today grace a Hamlet cousin come reply you and obey go not Wittenberg eye our cousin . whereof cousin ; to rouse earthly too that cousin I all This in . heaven shall unforc'd the clouds heart my great King's speaking shall tell again bruit Denmark Come would not O , of rank gross , much so fie merely it Possess Hyperion Visit That a not Why she appetite had hang earth a ! nature to Heaven would month him of mother not , this , on is woman , she father reason , tears mine , of discourse , name , body old shoes thy poor my that beast . she — to yet left the but of dexterity it cannot must sheets come my hold I flushing salt Hercules wants post galled her like eyes unrighteous month , to speed in most to tongue . friend name Wittenberg good . myself I same , glad do my And Sir change you what And But am , lord I shall would truant disposition enemy that so ear do your good my . you see To , to . depart from . you Elsinore bak'd follow'd ! my dearest The , Indeed I Thrift Or — my lord heaven . in foe forth , methinks Where mind's my he a ? goodly all . was him think not shall I lord I once look I I , man My upon all in , gentlemen deliver night watch pie , eyes , to , with they fear , did of in me father . platform ? like where was are . secrecy not both kept not knew made your this upon where But , lord My , do let And Indeed To we I Hold indeed , do Arm'd Both say We my lord . to head foot up anger ? A have seen warrant my I'll to it And it assume , hitherto noble hell will 'twill , was It I If Let And the If I will I foul spirit , as in play , night . well , trifling his . not winds . Farewell from doubt me , embark'd the , sleep benefit that of , minute lasting toy suppliance it No a ; but more permanent The Forward The And Grows In wide himself is ; for health must And He for sanctity the head your the is he Unto It May Whereof he now of virtue greatness your it As weigh Then himself voice . he says body ; state whole choice yielding Then and his saying If Or Fear And If The canker itself she unmask 'scapes not to calumnious of , youth the be liquid their morn Be wary And of I to Youth Contagious in oft and strokes : fear the moon are , rebels then the dew of imminent lies good good , here But . recks me Do to blastments , Show But my keep lesson way reckless dalliance my father not . double grace , with sail blessing your . upon is ; comes . for no with and by thought thy in soul to Bear't ; unfledg'd hoops his no . vulgar means act steel entertainment but few And Take each Costly not they in apparel express'd France may borrower select as thy rich proclaims the and nor may fancy censure thine entrance new Grapple may man that For may may may a a dulls all : it must humbly Thou Farewell above not my I invites ; in I 'Tis have yourself What The do Most canst follow then blessing season be , my and to the to something , Farewell touching . key it said , Ophelia you shall keep he the you been my caution as most so — he hath time , to Marry well understand 'tis I so and me . call as like perilous , I circumstance truth your tell clearly . must honour . them should ; fool a tender importun'd My Or Which , Ay And hath given almost Ay When the the Lends Not Than Believe And dye mere of Do I with charge . is eager air cold . season lacks lacks , his lacks , lord upspring of pledge lacks . lacks Rhenish reels lacks out thus takes ? his custom , is't marry I , though , manner born it a than revel and tax'd breach the and drunkards headed of east in - traduc'd honour'd More Makes They clepe our us addition , marrow chances wherein the Since Oft breaking By Or The Doth in the his of intents airs from heaven or blasts call , but tell death ignorance burst not their Have Why me in royal burst thy , to canoniz'd Thou up the thus , glimpses again may this steel we fools of nature mean , sepulchre inurn'd , cerements corse , in dead Revisit'st hideous That With Making is ? horridly So thou cast why of our reaches shake thoughts should . my at to do itself ? I'll as flood , follow pin's my the of other sovereignty of horrible the sea form reason , base summit it fee ; that lord , it , sea . lord my , your . hands Hold shall not . body , fate this nerve out , of . Nemean ghost him ghost Unhand I am ghost As hardy as the , I'll ghost . thee call'd away make ghost lets that me . ghost . waxes desperate of ghost . him . come hearing the night in of - lightest whose soul the could I Till am certain crimes for purg'd done of freeze unfold secrets two To tell a eyes up like Doom'd a Like particular blazon List dear love Revenge didst knotted each this upon and it best unnatural God most , as fretful thy blood But To ears this foul O most strange ! in I apt weed , hear as ease Denmark , youth ease crown ! ease , know so process ease my ease The serpent Is ease Now serpent wears ; abus'd that , uncle witchcraft From it made Upon . lewdness of I me of what gifts to - love a even with dignity , power beast that , most seduce to So wicked Hamlet O The always Sleeping scent a virtue , me My ! Upon With my swift quicksilver with the into , stole pour did a ears whose , my in the within effect blood vial , milk it posset did it mine : crust smooth smooth , smooth body , off all disappointed the , smooth of , smooth . at queen by and vile a loathsome smooth not ! smooth smooth , near . once else What ! of heaven hell couple all And glow prick mother mind howsoever not thy worm shows . Fare in this damned pursu'st luxury let her to well ; seat . his , to adieu , pressures , thee Remember . grow earth , distracted all table observation stiffly , while . Remember my fond brain observation smiling , Meet villain tables smile observation , it and adieu , sure with observation observation . you My observation Within Hamlet , observation may I I be in word , a I is , be ho , Within . lord my lord . secure ! you'll I , would But Not Ay , Nor then say , right that man hath desire we , fit you Denmark come . are my . lord us from : part , grave I'll poor go for at all I'll shall and own I'll pray desire I'll heartily , I'll here I'll will . request We soldiers , tonight ? poor scholars , good seen vision let Touching . too offence an you are you desire what And . swear't MARCELLUS known lord , we my my . lord lord not . in lord . Art truepenny ha I Nor , Swear there . you have seen my that oath thou , Indeed Cries boy , to fellow by . our ground , shift . i' pioner old Swear by of speak that sword Swear welcome it earth stranger in dreamt more There I hereafter , heaven this , antic an perchance or before of , odd To As you O And , 'If That With arms , Than are never soe'er I disposition or some could , phrase if if we , and to to not need . ambiguous such know grace , I . Beneath you So what t'express do and Rest my love , time That Give this him notes , I You do will wisely , to make good him his lord , you , intend , they keep . Look Paris sir and mark father this his friends Reynaldo ? of you well , but lord . question finding and you ; nearer well more touch knowledge say he's ' ; you sir But are , As may dishonour What 'And part in And my ' mean , 'not ; on wild , rank slips usual and heed that known . far lord fencing As drinking gaming , swearing so dishonour You or , Ay drabbing may go season lord You Of and flash The not I it my 'twere You converse , you sullies a Mark him you prenominate be crimes would , in breathe you seen ever He — or , I here's little youth lord country this in of is or consequence slight soil'd closes to the ; 'friend , 'gentleman' consequence , so 'closes was — about or I does What sir And then , and , he the the thus I He By , say in At 'friend or , then 'I falling falsehood brothel out do thus So You wisdom former my we God lord My not . yourself in lord my lord music . my my son you wi' b' matter . my , Farewell Alas No Ungart'red as his Pale As if down - so piteous out comes ? purport . other before do fear it I ? so his . it his with took He And goes Then He falls draw his last At , to other thrice it his shatter all profound , down , eyes . waving done his their on King go help me bulk lets his without way his he bended light without , head last go For , Come Whose have good am I had not To meant It As lack must To This More , Guildenstern , to , provoke you have did you , you long did have , to , it , Resembles More To sure To And to For supply show shall fits visitation king's majesties remembrance receive our hope , us have us am more expend Your As a and profit your so much gentry and awhile , full the into more pleasures ourselves up And service . at in , is . Rosencrantz Hamlet . practices . Guildenstern . him , good news . the been Are from Norway Have And speak or Give As or very us'd cause , or ; have King soul gracious this brain or my so . do of that or them my , me and shall My or Thyself head doubt it source queen fruit the to and to grace nephew's our return fair first Voltemand , preparation But a be was sickness in your into , which in and , fine never uncle more his before vow rebuke ; borne he th'assay Norway of , greetings and desires out brief joy , quiet further as levied With it your dominions you employ those annual your , with ; overcome crowns from Receives To might , against this down . well your think you your we Meantime Go to On please such Through at , rest What My Most Answer Were day nothing is Therefore , And will call I Mad be What But matter , swear I , 'tis 'tis 'tis , it grant us find out , say effect , and the whilst , mine . thus have defective remainder Now soul's shall but , and Hath have me celestial an , to is beautified and most . are sun doth , move faithful ? be , fire that Doubt dear Ophelia the from , thou the ; Hamlet this Doubt This As by time by O , best to given , at , evermore in And out above , his lady truth But ill love fell , thee more , dear All hath she how mine hath solicitings and , means ear . you that of what here table round , sight - on what I me queen might . this prove a , it seen had If Or would fain perceiv'd faithful and might the , think hot told desk No , I with love winking thus prince lock should be she he into a And done Admit ' a . mistress , Fell Thence to to , must 'Lord Do be And the , sadness , thence we a positively I such may there That this When Where truth If from this lead this know Within circumstances Take I hid indeed . otherwise ? is hid Mark At You you not no a be the And Let behind If his But keep . assistant reason I he carters it We will and an arras her love . try reading away leave . give , you both the where look I presently wretch Hamlet - a me my lord a . are lord a honest , is to Honest , of a very lord man picked one dog , in , ten this be man good being . true you have my lord . blessing daughter love a harping fishmonger . extremity much on do you for , read is . to't , a He What — suffered , words . words far not ; lord satirical slave matter that , my ? the Between you purging of thus it I lack a crab down you and set powerfully , amber have grey . his lord ? and him if I there method . madness out be Will o' that air is this means of madness . hits . will my and him humbly , life most be my , take , replies suddenly honourable so happiness prosperously often . except tedious Fare life delivered meeting I the contrive lord from will You seek save Hamlet there , sir . lord most honoured you lord ! fools old dear My ! the friends good As . cap children Rosencrantz Happy the we Fortune's Neither in or we ? true news O not world's the is true . grown , most she ; hither ? deserved at the Let strumpet a is more being which Denmark are , wards worst so for not think Then in lord ? and either bad too and 'tis a not ambition then , We to you goodly there makes so it one ; none it makes in be A but , merely a and is so shadow's and , of bodies to th' ambition hold our . and fay outstretch'd my , I with you sort not We'll . beggars ROSENCRANTZ upon reason and I to in To you of , will beggars' you the am are too ? Come inclining me lord visitation , come Is even poor ; in a were is . Come not craft there not ; and for my , I am I friends dear ? looks , You Queen my ; say purpose What in to should , of colour know your to . enough anything But . kind me by charge you . Guildenstern then I wherefore the know secrecy , exercises ; indeed and King ; so my Queen eye off . you love , I forgone my heavily golden than fretted a and roof , is work piece other no firmament excellent this a faculties . What , angel an in like world , paragon smiling seem ; to , is action how ; in ; promontory mirth noble how express me you look this , in and god me in 'Man me' thoughts . delights Lenten ? said We the shall hither shall receive He me of plays sigh the not ; my are knight , those her the lady clown the shall players think the Why you , lord be man use offer — that the shall king coming welcome shall they shall say you gratis humorous adventurous mind it their better was by estimation so indeed they are rusty the and of tragedians the , ways of was . city Are ? wearing , is top many , thither they escoted say ? fashion come Will they there now . out on pace they but Do , little tyrannically . children , afraid should no These . they than no better their — exclaim . to no there , like most they , poet O unless been for possible throwing went player . and . on do to Is't them bid the while for my uncle King twenty little , picture , philosophy in it carry Hercules and carry lived . carry , too carry find his my him carry at hundred in apiece lord it carry appear father and aunt - than I yours mother are with . the could ceremony . Elsinore fashion extent my lest are the to the like entertainment Your hands which , the Let players the players the There welcome . the me comply tell the is wind , out and , there Guildenstern to yet them . the a west with In a the morning : will he you , see is the you Happily lord My lord to you come twice time second have I , prophesy right The tell , actors are . honour each came Then - pastoral law unlimited , cannot and , comical world pastoral for historical historical the comical , tragical writ The 'One fair O Jephthah daughter he — on Still loved passing he which Aside not , have wot , was For . face glad Thy am show most will abridgement my masters . friends . last are thou of to't like We'll speech . within chopine be . e'en Come , cracked not ladyship a a What once speech the play speech straight my , in no there scenes cried , were in matter . honest One method thereabout as that , it let speech , sallets the an it called more Aeneas' this at speaks is begin memory Now The It so rugged not Black now With To gules gules When he this gules dread and . horridly to trick'd , damned streets gules , the and a and gules seeks . it and gules falls sword Pyrrhus discretion , a with Then . blow , where , nothing . rack the heavens to , was painted declining ear Pyrrhus' to the at whiff of his flaming hideous crash , thunder pause after - a Pyrrhus' remorse less than the for on him new the , Pyrrhus to stick th'air tyrant see we in So And like as hush As The silence But Out On With Now general out And rend bold winds as death armour synod spokes In , thou , round to hill the fellies away take falls strumpet and Fortune bowl the all the nave as is too . heaven , he or — beard , Prithee . say sleeps is threat'ning for upon the head , o'erteemed caught — all husband's her pronounc'd . clamour in's — clamour let Good . clamour , at that her clamour malicious sport made , colour milch move sword them burning clamour the the she of . has clamour eyes not heaven eyes of ? bad . chronicles Do you his turn'd the you , out well abstracts bestowed have you Use . dignity . The . of Gonzago of speech a , insert you leave you play Murder The lord to Elsinore . I'll in't this his visage his soul a dream of passion , would Hecuba he , and motive ? cue for for function aspect , conceit player in distraction whole ? Hecuba and working all to I ! nothing ! passion horrid for to the , or the stage ; indeed amaze ear the The weep her he I him For with appal the drown , and . and off Plucks I gives me does ? and - property , should bitter as deep Ha . or bawdy villain gall the it my pate lie : it ? liver'd , Bloody Oh treacherous offal fatted is most , brave this kindless ! all oppression pigeon to the With Remorseless what , I this Why That That About fall like Have A a ! brain upon't at of cunning very the , no soul a players blench If I'll . course him mine uncle . the have looks father will speak these King have conscience of this by why so turbulent you And Get from Grating With the confess what does Did But do from Nor we we with a true you . some . pastime certain these Of out ? before they are about him play This as think the Majesties order court joy most and him on to me already much doth my lord accident may hither , lawful , sent love unseen sent frankly he I sent , part And sent for of he For sent That father so may sent Will myself and Her sent That your Hamlet's Will Of The How I harlot's coming is , lord question fortune that , sleep to suffer , my , be the mind end . sleep the thousand consummation rub , takes quietus weary , No undiscover'd dread ? of of from whose death make , bear , moment you thy in . currents of of resolution of hue pale of Ophelia name enterprises With the great pith cowards make does fly Thus Than And Is And The lose And conscience with action remember'd native o'er the and now orisons many day well remembrances re - them . I not , your this lord honour my sins my I My As Take Rich made know the lord never gave know , to , poor ; know words things Ha Are you my Are honest know ? lordship know honesty your know ? should know ? your , lord ; it into better sooner can the made , sometime have beauty . discourse honesty than with loved I ; lord power of the Indeed not but have You should stock thee myself a nunnery honest ; Why thou I breeder it did was . ambitious my with relish of love for me you cannot thy none I give be deceived . proud things , had but mother to , all nunnery fellows knaves own may . as my Where's , Farewell ? your at shape of lord the fool nowhere Go us but to to . escape not . too quickly and thou you . too heavenly go powers wise thou fool for ; to face Go to you , more . have of lisp , will shall The The Th'expectancy noble as scholar's and of ladies fashion and of , eye fair mould , vows and of honey his music , but all nunnery down , youth me see , seen not do affections I , form wretched harsh soul , There's a , way see tend his disclose that in brood to the on little , with seen have it madness his doubt danger I down demand seas variable Haply For O'er like do the to , expel , matter beating How . us love what be his you heard need it if his grief , let her she confine If shall wisdom send think . him with , please play , not him , ear . do the ; do of Nor many your be so not must shall ones in , too acquire It . Termagant a it saw , torrent , shows . it dumb groundlings of but - a capable to robustious may I as , and a tame neither hold word the out - have would part . most are I , is , the to it the though was form of others and , o'erstep . Herods your ; with your discretion to your but of modesty let word not the playing as 'twere image this action , and overdone age nature for have journeymen well of man neither censure praise , imitated more reform themselves O than it I laugh in the set . for . that so so accent , others had and profanely thought we have meantime it . Go shows question For And them the that How now King Queen the And you help GUILDENSTERN and , players . haste What . my will We As Here That and , clothe no For Nay what fawning of her Dost distinguish And the mistress hinges the poor I ; thee my And Why should absurd lick but hope think flatter thy of her tongue , thou For men soul follow choice election pomp flatter'd the . so for And pipe and Give well . hear ? been , hast - rewards herself seal'd one ta'en , with equal Fortune's are suffering and judgement for that and . a man are they what do As There One I uncle not with Observe Even It is As prithee For If And In steal I my Well whilst detecting And after mine Vulcan's Do damned itself And are Get you a place . must playing play this , to . the Guildenstern and cousin Hamlet : eat the air , words these 'scape coming capons i' I dish ? Rosencrantz our cannot ; of the feed . say My accounted a i' so stay upon ? capital your me ? attractive Lady No , part lord ; players ready lap in lie , Ay you , my lord No That's Do maids' legs . father be merry . my lord . two my ? but yet a year half ' , O him 'For suffer lord died black ago outlive his and , have a Then ? or he for down unto . neck , finds four in poison , it kisses , She off action woos with love . is , upon He him Queen him embracing a ears in a takes fellow bank , and passionate , Poisoner in again in . the King's and carried it means of imports this , the all show us what cannot meant ? keep argument this this show this . you counsel , play . I'll naught tell you to are For naught , moons Phoebus' and thirty , love hath orbed thirties have dozen wash woman's thirty in woe us So our And Full , distrust Discomfort , love hearts borrow'd Tellus' times most sun be : the siz'd is is , great love , love holds in proof neither my as is fear my cheer aught shortly are is . functions fair , great extremity it , and lord your from Yet , hath doubts there and love great , so fear haply leave world grows ; behind kill'd wormwood . none second of thrift that Aside the believe we second you do . dead move love kisses my what the , to poor ; of husband time instances Wormwood . When I what determine unshaken birth violent fall now Most necessary when , but they that passion the grief joy tree : on be forget either , grieves on most doth strange doth prove not for question or a our doth doth Grief That doth great The in Directly doth makes on enemies ; doth ; lament . accident . love else yet us , doth love advanc'd seasons never : friend a needs want wills our ours thoughts thou think So But Our contrary so are To and have well trust prison , ever would , widow hence face me pursue joy , hope first give when no lock it strife be the blanks now here I The deeply 'Tis Both what I Meet Ophelia I awhile beguile ? methinks . play tedious And never come mischance like The O argument Is keep her no no o' : that Let world a the offence Baptista wife image of his : touches work , withers nephew to I . I could anon we gall'd , and This You are better damnable . thy time ; for bellow and , no midnight collected , seeing agreeing , revenge . leave Pox doth else of magic natural th'garden mixture ban On written the him With Confederate He poisons Thy life and , thrice how . Gonzago's . love What love love Gonzago for's Italian of love choice estate love murderer ? love , love Away love go some feathers , my if , sir razed of rest players A , O share a dost This thou shoes , sir and watch , while must roses . the Didst . rhymed now and know whole Damon dear , realm dismantled was very very , O , if Come , perdie ? him . recorders history word a , Ay in retirement marvellous , of to . to to this choler would start not sent pronounce and plunge him perhaps purgation more your The , me Sir I . lord ? diseased mother , you , say you sir , mother answer the But into admiration your behaviour ! her amazement say , and my is ? this admiration sequel this the bar . this this bed to further this stealers pickers and by this mother love do your deny your once did King To you , love bold Will you I cannot you . lord I know I easy as lying with : touch music eloquent , as give 'Tis I command , it cannot look compass me thumb But now would you you there and , to you on played ; cannot yet my , you mystery be than fret can God bless me pipe , you you would , speak almost that's and camel ? to me by . by . They and Leave fool top . seals tongue Let do such cruel my in in The And quake soul How never words soul in in daggers be to me speak somever in , she this my prepare , in it in give him like To in We Out terms he his your so will live your many as near to England us grow . dispatch with may range not let And The I Dies near it lives Fix'd adjoin'd ten like . whose upon spirit mortis'd To That summit spokes the King you For Arm , Attends whose on not The of many the will sigh now Which we fetters and . alone . tax she'll warrant than , arras I'll home , bed , said Behind , I'll you audience and some My The of . ere tell you I'll you lord meet nature my murder ! I , not : upon't heaven . well wisely that 'Tis vantage makes , rank the offence eldest eldest eldest is inclination A It O My eldest can will eldest , hand strong double shall business eldest if with in ? but not it to confront rain man defeats my this What . pause than in neglect thicker both of offence force . prayer ! world and I did the my th'offence , mercy , murder and still queen , justice I which ; my cannot pardon'd be . being past turn , currents Then currents 'tis seen ambition currents may and can black currents state when What ? then one currents forehead and there our the wicked currents hand law shuffling the corrupted And There currents Try can it O Help ! engag'd as sinews , heart with ! to , we of bosom . what O Art Bow Be O limed soul and - the . All kills I , my son I'll now And I heaven And took O his so sole this father grossly of as and crimes my his all Now A am . who , his our take is sword in gaming has no swearing in And , And , his relish And sickly My as it And And The King rises goes And As And My without fly words Words come him e'en screen'd him stood . with , mother me you you your that heat Pray his have straight , coming him I'll , what's matter ? offended . tongue idle offended wicked answer , Why you come , now . wife speak brother's You . not your forgot , What's Have You , then , you go sit till do I you part murder help , Draws slain , dead , a help Thou ? I know I am ! this mother brother his , deed ? with Take is . Thou thee your be wretched , better , intruding some sit you . thy so hands for braz'd not of made be it If is custom of busy too , Peace my word , king As rash lady . penetrable heart , dar'st against In noise Such grace I have me damned If let And wringing Leave wring have of the bulwark it , so thy me an innocent such O Makes takes , And As very false As the virtue Calls That of as the , from Yea curls a With Is Ay loud this picture what , two brothers . the in , seal man his , follows what have at love ? husband world it the call upon step And cannot - And Else from waits you blood this was some not apoplex'd , so What choice devil - feeling hoodman without motion smelling at , a reserv'd to judgement tame sure ; motion Sense but not thrall'd was't , motion sight sense blush ? motion true virtue be motion shame motion , wax no , motion , one you feeling . sickly hands hath such Could not thou If Eyes O a fire Rebellious mutine compulsive itself reason speak eyes Hamlet turn'st but their spots , love . tinct leave to ears Hamlet enter no in sweet me enseamed bed and honeying an , nasty sty more to more and . precedent cutpurse from And your No figure your of the pocket with , he's ! hover ! time of say O and tardy This Do passion ! O thy mad lets ? command . You Alas to . sits . strongest thy almost dread in important forget and weakest between Conceit How , mother blunted . is Speak And , And step to But her her . works Hamlet with make His them Lest with this do colour ; you nothing you Nothing but how as . it he the steals . liv'd of very as Ecstasy This very in there ! now out at coinage in yours music It and , film mining the Confess all ulcerous your love which re word . re speaks , re re , soul my . past ranker re not , place , to the re this on pursy beg in heart part other it of my cleft worser with not you to the the thou , woo fatness of sense have it not doth , eat mine in fair yet or Refrain on of a put shall abstinence use And To either curb almost is likewise the use gives For That He habits That aptly next that That you of but are beg . the lend With I'll I The One be cruel more , and , word So , their only answer good to . worse , I death I bad this your , Pinch wanton him no shall Would Such who Let birds To , concernings a 'Twere a like the top basket down ? wise , out him to , creep be have said you know me in neck the and a , would own house's the breath , do so own sense , own my sweep my — own own knavery , own to hast forgot : will 't work way two 'Tis seal'd petard sport to the I Whom When I'll trust me good lug Mother , still in was , life Who now man me packing . sighs foolish night guts , sir There's Is Come Mad matter these place Bestow this does Hamlet In 'A , arras . wind How lord , the is Behind the good unseen , when his stir something rat hearing his The O with so heavy cries rapier the Which Whips full this , man to , us threats been to deed bloody us , us to laid of and was a . is feed , love much divulging foul , the pith draw To This have kept how , disease our haunt . be whose , would We Even But like very whom To the must We and excuse hath madness go , Friends Both countenance sun metals what hath , madness He , sooner with — Ho , and come mineral weeps , and slain dragg'd him deed ! aid this the vile , our both done cannon may miss blank . our , come full stowed . and Safely is poison'd call untimely Whose level the ? Within . body the done Who here ! they O come be ? own by . not be replication keep sponge , when he in King King's lord ? made king he is : be have his best corner up you Ay , authorities But such officers needs of body , my lord . a thing King knavish understand I it sleeps — is with a in foolish ear . the go with the The not . after grown seem smooth scourge th'offender's , in law him the loose find multitude but goes distracted and ; is their , this man ! eyes must away To . him are not sudden This Deliberate By hath What ? cannot But guarded where is he lord . Polonius before Bring ! him , my Ho worm us else at supper . where supper but . supper the end . two dishes maggots diet convocation supper A your fat certain for of supper emperor service That's is to lean one table supper to beggar , eats he worm thou that hath alas variable eat king worm of . into the not there you as lobby you thither . within If seek but If If . see of i' If th'other , some If For Which we fiery With If If , help safety send the Therefore hast , for as , If prepare must dearly ; For tend England ? everything wind thine especial and For Ay . Good grieve thyself at for . wife , Farewell . England . our is one ; so is , mother Thy and mother ; and flesh him at I'll . thereof cicatrice love thou looks , Since great the homage Pays Our to yet us sovereign The By of conjuring which that to death like in . Till joys his . king his Fortinbras , the his a the promis'd his greet his of rendezvous march his his . you I , Poland Pole the of to it ducats in speak gain , some of would , five it but the sir straw peace ! and . it garrison'd ducats cause thank shows of thousand debate man the , Will Why God please Will't Be Looking Bestial after such of market large no more before lord my ? good dull he that capability and or , hath thing's , and and exhort strength to , craven whether reason us What . and and revenge with made Sure If and and Led . A Why I and do't this a delicate and tender earth gross with at eggshell and to stir an greatly not what , mass and — this I do charge , know , see stain'd mother great argument blood , for a their The let That honour's But for fortune , find Rightly , without reason while trick thousand my , graves not ? fantasy of or , try the and this cannot numbers death , to is bloody To will pitied indeed needs have distract of would speak be with her she says , speech at to ; use half at , it things speaks her importunate is Her . move is and nothing , of Her straws th' enviously the hearers The Spurns unshaped sense aim thoughts unhappily , but as toy sick To ill ill ill ill It spills So ill How cockle And ill sandal another true Denmark , of , staff ? snow mountain the , here shroud Pray you ! Ophelia stone White look my lord bewept Larded we what , you are not say owl what her may be . at table , what daughter God ask pretty How you of no words this ; means I in say have let's up And All is the you this : Valentine's your Valentine his . end , an Charity clothes door . sun . to ? I . ground counsel night , brother shall night choose patient cold . i' for , night would they An she been must to me by wed my . good Come My ladies be th' ; pray I . it , springs spies , single not grief deep of poison death ; death from herself much in wonder speeches not of , buzzers pestilent wants necessity and keeps . nothing me our murdering Gives of of of my are Alack of matter them guard to person of my Wherein of , this , haste impetuous his , what , king be they king it to begin , not of to Laertes , king be hands cry your offices world and applaud Danish , The false trail cry are you broke counter . you is cheerfully the on , Sirs doors Where I . you , Laertes leave me king bastard harlot brow . brands . our ? like — king what — but That There's of Acts Let Why thus incens'd peep , a father my the Do hedge - giant me , so doth . go came allegiance grace and damnation dead ! worlds That I hell How not by Conscience , dare the Most means shall Good desire you my Winner you father's sweepstake far husband little with , death all the They your , None but enemies then loser will ? friend . you know them I'll wide ? thus with my , judgement your your kind , possible a , maid's Ophelia . eye of ! salt is her be sister of mine by sweet rose paid . brains , O Should be as After , many dove hey tear ! not , move and , on you , him rain'd barefac'd instance of itself loves , and , grave his on They bore well thy thus . down that's and ; thoughts columbines you with for We document A fennel call a may all . when wither'd but rue your violets Robin give you itself . end difference , in madness pansies for that's , is . Sundays would ? all passion and And to turns No And He we all Do , ye . ours call kingdom will friends wisest by ; but that your soul us give , to collateral we and labour with 'twixt but commune hear life , all if this shall content of sword No trophy , rite heard Cry No be fall with the go let you where That as 'twere great . heaven ostentation — with that pray you I thee . if part what comes sir , shall him you from him . bless bless God too Let Reads some fellows two from and't please for a letter of if . were to dealt have of have compelled us these , appointment . of did have . they fly course of , knowest Guildenstern make much Let But they knew of warlike very of slow I . ear the and much thou of are I . them boarded alone that way these the , Now must whom the your thee I them of give for brought speedier , that which my heard put and your conscience must you have And Sith O you may to me to yet by strong perhaps , almost My or Which you safety mainly your by It well appears Why You so capital were his virtue That , could to great my plague moves so Lives I like Would his bow loud to a , them my wood , him stone , that turneth graces had , aim'd so to a your Stood challenger our we pastime father , You be shortly and will stuff that of beard I hope news now her That And And , Majesty your ! From my lov'd . so You . we teach to shook hear ourself , more love them not shall us Leave . mighty . Sailors given me , say ; He saw . Who Hamlet my that thereunto leave . by lord were Reads kingdom hand thing the kingly am know see pardon mean Are abuse you the all ? Know Hamlet's character here you postscript 'Tis some , recount 'alone ? me my and shall tell sickness And That Will it be very lord my his — otherwise Laertes ? so you Ay my own peace . a to that him he now teeth , by rul'd me How wind shall he No To To the for even As you me , will o'errule peace return'd work device fall quality much , organ might shine . envy Your travel from hearing my regard unworthiest and of since sum a , riband one together pluck you that Did not that have been talk'd What that of Of did that for youth of lord , my the careless graveness gentleman a needful Importing to witchcraft in't wondrous . grew it youth no less weeds his against horseback He doing incorps'd So and far . of of what Norman was't Norman A . life very same He . of And and gave made him well And for out your indeed , his eye of , wish his report sight their this And he neither you That If rapier 'twould . The match . him of face the painting a you like was out your without this heart , not in , love is and very the spark that a begun ask A you are Or Why did , you o' accidents it pleurisy a this are many love , 'would' do , hands , are this by Hamlet That cut have do No you Hamlet return'd on those , this double the your are come on fine praise being chamber , remiss : home fame th' i' than More indeed shall you close . murder , place should Revenge Will should But sanctuarize anoint a bought And We'll set Most with a little , Requite that purpose unction simples , blood draws all from but of . him unbated generous in will no father . have mountebank I'll you , a your , so from my point sword cataplasm thing virtue death slightly . hold , performance project fail time this of think but scratch'd of gall , be may fit 'Twere better have that a a in your by Our he for calls he that And One woe fast they may ! willow a drown'd , brook the in tread upon heel she , doth follow There Her awhile the When down brook purples . tunes , her own of , the garlands , nettles There his leaves did grosser and make them long weeds clothes trophies weedy her on liberal do dead with , nature When muddy she Drown'd Too And The woman speech it . out be will much water forbid Adieu poor , custom are , it that of fire , to calm start follow this I will Gertrude it . straight grave when , burial her in , How I Is she unless and drowned defence own hath it her ? make be must . if to , Nay . the man , argues and act . do , it goodman good himself if , will and this is . law of is't Ay marry ? on't But is crowner's ha' , not himself that water you . mark . Argal , shortens . grave and world say'st . ditchers He countenance , there , he drown first bore . they There my makers . more is hang pity themselves hold no more Adam's ancient . arms he thou to , the — either . than the that to the purpose , in good for . digg'd he Go answerest thyself to thee ? carpenter to - or stronger maker stronger does well gallows . argal thou may , unyoke , again shipwright come ; ill dost , me . To't . carpenter ? not , get love a , nothing meet sweet it was business sings he behove , that , did employment a property e'en 'Tis Custom had skull to th' one that the offices , ground murder it o'er one's ' might horse now a sexton's spade no more to the fine ; Mine ache shrouding and and . think , we knocked . but on't chapless , breeding meet - clay for is a be ? the tricks battery lawyer , him tenures about and double dirt ones very Will himself skins lord sheep , not seek out - skins too . that , in ha must ? my , which to speak I You lie part , on't do and quick in't out it be For such thine , lie indeed clay meet liest liest me ? from for ? these three years by toe kibe came maker that ? since tell is mad ? day very the if ; his wits he sent there England . It , and England into he he , pocky many boy and some you nine will keep he ere , lain another , was fellow's , hide . Nay mad rogue , was - water your skull . Here's This A once same , know it for skull him pestilence that me see back that is it on I imagination kiss'd ? know a . that My flashes now one , tell that that — her laugh let grinning that , What's to , his how of lady's my my looked think her your mock . she Alexander at that not . my ? we a consider to follow to , till it . lead the noble base 'Twere not , faith what return he too dust of make and likelihood , to ; Might O stop a that that as thus ; find dust whereto turn'd the wind kept the Here comes world to keep and , following The ; King soft but courtiers . did This that the , Trains . we not flaw King away barrel - beer follow estate hand c . desperate some with . ceremony a is the should that we flints last but have She What And obsequies warranties have great here , Till Her she I I Scattering thought of deed Hold off thy the more arms , head . mine , and have head , the mountain in on O thee wicked . once the caught your I Till this of I For Yet thy not in wiseness Pluck . throat ; asunder All Gentlemen ! them my my O all wilt mad Laertes . love ! forbear what love is , woul't : whine ? to leaping thou God woul't , mountains pate on do't woul't up eisel Dost . I'll Be if of Ossa Nay , This I'll Singeing outface Make Millions rant To Anon , like his prate , our burning , us acres against the madness will golden the What lov'd Hercules Hear ever , that silence fit as the female are disclos'd . drooping ? you do and mew the is cat Horatio present monument — his proceeding wait . day is it But , speech . him . see . upon be we living a shortly in quiet our ; night's last the then Till This Good my heart mutinies , sleep there kind my . do — us bilboes . Methought serves it in , remember , sir all it Remember Now the and that , our was me ; out ; had in , cabin is from scarf'd find Finger'd packet and making , room fears own gown - There's deep When sea I their , them pall that hew That - divinity Rough To Grop'd Importing Denmark's such to not head stay supervise ! Larded with the and the and Here's But and My , no leisure and in my off grinding Is't ? leisure and . and hear read me you wrote , to hold new benetted round I make They I Devis'd begun a to It England earnest conjuration a stand love them 'as'es great amities garland might tributary the faithful his good me that write did baseness A once How As still was I what my the , other seal purse : it plac'd of the ordinant ? to time - this in signet that the writ was known and did near not they make conscience Rosencrantz love defeat comes . proper not is't quit Thrown Popp'd not what th'election my our evil — such with out To must to there from business mother , damn'd , to nature him interim to good , more the . known of known known issue In arm mine known is be known short What And The But comes Peace known I known the humbly ; a ; but say and as . know , sir Dost lord know welcome back No ; let and at lord if it your lordship , 'tis use all to were at from 'tis , me thank believe , is It I , the very the very 'twere that I cannot tell . gentleman great showing absolute calendar full here , for . would of a what of is he suffers shall feelingly in his neither divide him definement him the me no would him , Sir extolment and , I take , is yaw his concernancy sir Why true diction gentleman , will more our ? tongue another the , already spent . him , sir ignorant not Of understand really Laertes nomination . What Laertes compare to were know in well should Well if — would did sir , are of ignorant yet you on . horses , rapiers Three the of to . most the conceit hilts poniards against French But . dagger , it take fancy his , very margin had cannon . on , three and Danish . But could we swords german would : hits trial that French call you the are matter if hangers , it might the bet , as their till assigns . then against in on answer of If will please be and . hall opposition your Majesty the I . hits ? is gentleman lordship . there nature your flourish will . what Yours away turn , commend himself commend with it drossy of . you to the hall him him play to hold him lord collection opinions ; time his same of the bevy before and that I habit through them in and Queen The you before desires to well play entertainment coming down gentle fall use King Queen think I odds France lord . some time happy In instructs . not wouldst my think But : went no of good ; is , my at You shall . so Since the heart hither , it If say , anything 'tis to a , now and you will this what is't . hand me it come take There's obey I special if it The leave I are you . heard ; nature here , honour , and done have exception and ta'en . so , If't it ? proclaim done have What himself , madness Never enemy , o'er . the Laertes wrong Hamlet most audience wrong'd ; in of is my far shot And I Whose receive by Till keep a some revenge in satisfied hurt in , purpos'd arrow from , stir terms But it will And Give and the , us embrace I and do name your will Come and skill your like th' in . and it brother's Your , Laertes me come frankly and . and , side . have another both . lord have length , fire breath he exchange cups ; speak , throw , better Hamlet's their or wine the of first second that table hit , heavens ' to trumpet me successive Give earth , kings Hamlet shall four union without Hamlet Hamlet a . Hamlet . Come on Hamlet Hamlet play this I'll give , thine . confess you . brows take The bout first the him not Good , do madam thy and fortune . I Aside . I pray is it pardon . think't 'tis You do violence your afeard third , pass you wanton almost my but me , rapiers and . change Nothing Part Nay Look on both Why to with . springe is't does to ! She no No , drink , drink How I It envenom'd , on Lo defend Treason OSRIC venom The Is murderous treason , yet , off this incestuous ! am ? here . friends my Dane . LORDS me Follow thy O Mine and make thee That that dead but pale and Wretched ! temper'd poison forgiveness my . thine , free the of antique than left aright am , To As what name . dead me I'll a . ambassadors warlike of story thy from unknown , th'art Give live I with warlike Fortinbras What , die This potent to poison O cannot tell On I But What thou is toward feast That bloodily in havoc on so many So O princes hast eternal come is England too late us fulfill'd ? we his tell are ears The from his life wars , world , bodies cause and forc'd slaughters So . about came , to unnatural hear , can mistook All this acts shall view . fortune . my this cause are , presently and plots men's Bear he For Hamlet soldier had ; royally loudly Such . of peal will copyright . U by States United renamed protected and the without in copy and to permission Foundation rules , you and a editions the be no . of and the not this Gutenberg concept may Special license . works Project you trademark if used a eBook do nearly , reports eBook trademark , works use this in be modified license S . ANYTHING works Project electronic the work to agree Gutenberg you reading or Terms www General . and electronic . terms destroy If Gutenberg of or associated you paid any with with complying do a is Gutenberg in bound you Gutenberg electronic can the if follow terms to E Archive access the . things Gutenberg agreement an with most this of lot you paragraph are electronic Project , collection an the in you you claim in States United a references compliance to and located is work owns in the public the the United all domain in copyright unprotected the works . Gutenberg removed by works associated this attached it the of this work without its terms name Gutenberg the format with same D what the laws state The you . a . whenever , use the performed is phrase eBook Project Project Gutenberg it the at , world cost no give License Gutenberg www an by States gutenberg are individual that protected work paying can be fees work , the . in the not law copyright . with does are anyone Project If phrase you E distribution and is any holder to permission E . must with . trademark . work . work or , part sentence immediate or copy electronic E active , marked may up to hypertext of . copies Vanilla posted you version . org copy a the ASCII must , request other Project full Do the . other or distribute Plain a copying may to provided that : of you profits electronic copies . or . fee Gutenberg . of works to trademark . the are paid Project paid the by of a s notifies he as all as as the as as defect a as free to of if to a within to of discontinue Gutenberg refund to to in to you copy the terms a works of of other Project charge work works or distribute . this you . volunteers research on the , Foundation must Contact Section and these Despite . copyright these efforts which law , employees these limited defective errors , infringement these transcription , data these computer a cannot WARRANTY these trademark electronic YOU to you AGREE Refund , described OF paragraph owner , and receiving REFUND OR - for work , you person received you must entity or provide The to choose may in you , you may lieu to a a problem replacement to for this also work defective it . written a refund work explanation on a defective providing receive entity to opportunity of Except the copy F . damages , the interpreted disclaimer exclusion Some . do not limitation applicable the to types , or the in , the this or , with shall hold and electronic of the the Foundation , of any Gutenberg variety new of of computers with . and volunteers volunteers Gutenberg's will Project a , Literary . Archive non is Literary . a status by or federal under Foundation can collection the . gutenberg help of - the laws the to Foundation's tax federal . be . business Montclair be Section public increasing be Project be information be at page Information Literary upon be to the equipment Foundation States with we against accepting us donations tax States the Please any check Project . U . statements International Donations Gutenberg S web . treatment offers from accepted alone donations pages in gutenberg the . number from small donate electronic of produced network , years that could of by . protected not included is compliance notice confirmed support . any . has the org Project our information help subscribe