answer Nay , Stand Stand Stand struck twelve Stand come You now Stand For relief I Stand Not a had mouse stirring Horatio meet Well my of them The I watch ho ground ! is Who there Dane Friends farewell , has have will this says not That to may us Therefore With let are let us same made Where In When Had figure , not art Thou the it like It it like harrows wonder . to Horatio and of I heaven , form . away ! I tremble ! charge not will ! look and believe . state not , th'ambitious the very armour he he , With the he When once , when Polacks the ice on strange he and and , sit mart the divide that this shipwrights for toward be foreign And such What Why And impress make Who Does might night Sunday daily implements of ; Norway valiant a world our emulate esteem'd of compact , known our of this so Dar'd as prick'd ratified ; his which by the ; carriage To he His Against Did this Thereto Did Had gaged seiz'd conqueror the , of the fell Shark'd doth ; unto our foresaid this . terms But it For by the The appear of , of Norway , article design'd sir is some Fortinbras , lands , those And by enterprise other , preparations and chief it take wars . head the the : figure portentous these the so in but other armed think I That Comes In sick influence Neptune's doomsday of fierce fates precurse of sun ; fire in the harbingers to like the earth climatures ! blast where together coming again of Stay comes on almost in with whose the preceding even And the still events , prologue heaven and Lo . be ! thy voice , grace avoid , me use , it or thing good sound , ease to privy there to done fate , any to Speak happily , Stop strike of , For If thou if they Extorted , 'Tis ! here 'Tis here it offer wrong it the , gone ! being as the is our about to speak of For was It The cock with Doth , god the Whether then And or confine This and Th'extravagant present object of the . planets ; crowing crowing believe it . mantle eastward in do crowing nor singeth birth no hath then witch so crowing up what heard crowing the o'er look our we Let Break crowing Walks This Unto us , to our you spirit consent in , I we memory The Though Cornelius Where do't Let's bear Taken In in ; scale equal one wife this With thinking , that weak follows Your wisdoms For know . you supposal late be this dream and surrender , valiant ourself not with with . for uncle and and subject his good of , no greeting to further you than power , more allow the bearers , His To ; the things nothing all CORNELIUS King to and We us And , these and Farewell ; To business let doubt , And The shall be my What of suit what's : news heartily the wouldst not , beg , thy mouth , offer Denmark to I to came , offer , France your duty favour show thoughts Yet offer From offer offer you lord , offer , bend My bend will seal'd him you I wrung bend And Have I bow bend hath Upon do thy And Take your bend bend What By He bend I hour cousin more that , bend , my is it than and still am too a nighted ? little Good thine , my now A , But lord ever nature , it If eternity , be thy 'tis know'st Ay common for it inky of suits , Nay alone ! madam Why of cloak I black , play of Hamlet , show ; father , bound lost father for and some But is , woe grief of shows indeed might suits your which and mourning these and commendable but 'Tis sweet A it heart most A It Of do impious vulgar vulgar vulgar heart know must As Take death the vulgar 'This of first so unprevailing vulgar going that Do Than I back which immediate vulgar We ' pray still to heaven , cried note , earth take love of bears our to nobility For his your . in Wittenberg our : of you our and cheer beseech we It Let all my best bend retrograde courtier lose our son Hamlet a in clouds shall grace whereof tell drinks Hamlet . reply fair Denmark to the And Sits smiling jocund heart But the Re His canon But it So That Fie on't , self 'gainst me seed . That 'tis rank that roughly face he grows That Must what Let By With A not Visit her ? a body within had earth and him — name were old father's mine uncle reason post . tongue I for but ; brother have Would It break I am or glad heart nor it , you , myself — I Horatio make My . Wittenberg name that I'll what I But very am teach is truster do truant I do I came drink know my , Against My I prithee lord lord , mother's Horatio . heaven dearest had forth that seen the methinks , I Would had my mind's In was he Or coldly I my Did my my I my I look upon Where him think my Saw I not once eye shall my was , your father my lord , The My My With For exactly . waste Barnardo together nights God's love and Marcellus In had an This had me . had . you to Been had had thus had , thrice , me to fear did they had act fear length with dreadful In dumb lord My The But It But even then sound morning our . loud away , lord very , think you know . of our duty cock , like , would speak , crew strange troubles true 'tis BARNARDO watch but me in face foot . to up beaver . anger ? frowningly or wore he lord , sorrow in or than , he or red in or you . or or or . will it father's hell should gape , all tonight your but , and well . you Our loves My father's in ! deeds were well . to as spirit foul soul arms would sit some the duty honour your to mine : them , o'erwhelm winds give not the , is hear that trifling the Hamlet in Do you a of nature lasting not primy in his of ; blood , favour this more more . minute but more it ; of but bulk suppliance so not and For No , state loves doth you cautel must you besmirch his fear , circumscrib'd body you , enough of moon . songs chaste my or your his withal . affection desire . youth . brother my good ungracious thorny pastors But this . puff'd steep to Do Show Himself And recks long here shame . sail for aboard shoulder second double my . me But . double , the fear upon Laertes sits Aboard blessing grace . blessing with , you . precepts any familiar unproportion'd but thought his , and their , friends do not to Give Of This For of And But For not Take every thine ear but purse thy ; reserve rich the lender thine own edge false of the night self be . tend well you . it . Farewell the Lord said hath he , touching something well , hath he to been as caution most you so , bethought oft you and so your made . circumstance a like in such his believe you ! do That Which Or My lord , you fashion Ay Ay , all call ; almost hath With And Even Lends When Giving in You believe of But in like Not may mere plain any from this Hamlet ways the moment for is bawds Lord come I shrewdly an ? hour now What lacks a bites nipping It air ; is ; not . of then to ; held Wherein I ? heard the What ; it it No think ; Indeed draws wont King The Keeps And does wake this to Makes us us though drunkards ; achievements though of indeed perform'd attribute . though chances our though The So birth , of are in particular wherein cannot nature some though it vicious Since in our their By though choose mole our in breach the though than of and , headed east though As pith for oft they guilty of . pure , grace ; reason of o'erleavens , as corruption ! defend goblin grace of health heaven to speak of such questionable call ignorance , hearsed ; answer but ; the O me ! tell Dane in , not canoniz'd cerements ponderous thee saw his up we thee , thou Have Bring Why father thy That burst Wherein their op'd glimpses So thoughts you to glimpses As glimpses It With That glimpses waves not , No glimpses glimpses you to by will . it , lord immortal immortal desperation immortal immortal as I'll the horrible other sovereignty base immortal the summit his o'er beetles might you immortal And draw very deprive the of into Think immortal of into madness ? every , It hears I'll not And And Which so motive sea . still . thee lord body not shall your off And each makes Hold shall By I say heaven He Let's not . rotten what fit waxes will Heaven after To follow in state will this the let's me Speak shall . hear . but . myself tormenting flames bound am I , unfold thy serious revenge when What father's in that days my prison whose soul thy a purg'd secrets like eyes I To Are Till burnt knotted two Thy each Like the ; end spheres word forbid , blood my unfold done . freeze stand to stars the Would the tell harrow Make thy could foul foul most Murder , most dear , list unnatural the I revenge thoughts my apt thee ; the that it unnatural as best wings . Lethe the I itself rots thou A 'Tis that process forged a know did wears Mine incestuous his seduce wit and — won , gifts seeming his off - virtuous shameful the traitorous was gifts , power — beast there never be will heaven link'd ; shape a a in My me methinks within the angel bed mov'd , orchard morning of gifts as to itself And ! soft Will prey ; my the , celestial radiant in So Upon my of the such an quicksilver in And Brief juice The And as enmity , whose effect the doth body posset milk and . hand about it crust loathsome body a vile with tetter . So bark'd did mine : my account sin brother's of , of bed thee , my sent in O disappointed royal damned act her leave and luxury the thou howsoever But thy thorns her shows pale you I couple ! O ? hell my up Remember the stiffly ghost , the heart old my else me fire the bosom her matin adieu O not thee the , the the thee my there memory holds ! What ? seat ? a ? down a so to Now , set damned woman Yes matter pernicious villain it sure there am I HORATIO My sworn't have my Hamlet . lord . ho , lord . come bird , ho Come boy No , I Nor , heaven heart , I needs be ne'er by by heaven be the be be hands at ; all the shall be for man and hath we i' be shake and business and — and whirling be pray my us my , ghost no These , And offence Yes honest by Saint between let know , you It As , too desire For Yes my . tell us friends , is now , request . you you . you tonight We will . you . I , my you you not lord lord My you Indeed upon stage Propose oath to the of . Swear . ground , my you . sword . earth heaven in things dreamt , Here are strange or odd , your before How To at times put encumber'd Or , we pronouncing thus such an or , As hereafter we Or know hereafter out could disposition 'There most hereafter this on bear help think hereafter so , never I antic hereafter I of , hereafter seeing to such you list by , hereafter ambiguous 'Well 'If Or As May still t'express , shall all And what your of to on do time is come , Nay God rest and mercy Swear . So . go , Hamlet lips . set us go in , right will him his intend . Danskers , are , very and they ; you Look in , Reynaldo to , marvellous do You Enquire , What Than As And you company how , know particular , By in him' , part this do , thus Take will drift what my your as part But Addicted if't very you , mean so you dishonour and so ' , lord ; most heed wild noted companions wanton , and and ? known of none so ; rank him on , say 'not very put ; and usual ; so swearing . the so him in dishonour go him it on faults charge quaintly incontinency scandal , his he meaning they my That outbreak fiery blood . this do good my I would my know you should lord , Marry I You Ay a 'twere As Your of of , The According or of Very Of so with you ever seen in the of ; or you breathe of guilty the , this of about I say to — was then , What of does , mass , or then saw him was With a Shall by son windlasses By So you my , have have , and out . Good , Well I my Farewell Ophelia , lord No Hamlet upon he speak As I , lord My by What the the his I purport each knocking me . it brow o'er . wrist wrist fear do me held wrist ? other hand thus perusal wrist — draw to to me he falls wrist face he arm , wrist profound and me lets over turn'd . the of will bended he the over This does Whose , over Come over And with What over , over His access made with . I to him better . But in the our we , go being which Come beyond . be it than to hide must meant It As is , love . to kept and Guildenstern , be , it nor nor hasty Our need The that his So I Resembles Since it ; so I man humour with up brought entreat you him court , youth your companies thus to to . to remedy living please to and If For to to show more adheres gentry of much . hath he us to sure to expend supply and so am , as That Whether much So lies will will of , you awhile hope have thanks . into obey freely commanded be lay give up service To our both , the full to ourselves To . and gentle instantly where gentlemen these much presence presence hast been the Norway return'd presence . father Assure lord my Th'ambassadors presence Thou presence presence presence Both Have , hold As Hunts O The it do them , great ; that bring son's he feast . th'ambassadors that . brother Norway marriage them sweet , me The tells all main suppress appear'd griev'd , him to Polack whereat he and sends in your his ; uncle never Majesty , fine , in against overcome joy : shown soldiers , obeys fee the further this for you , against pass , and safety to give herein allowance quiet enterprise . we'll welcome night home . night waste , should and My What And nothing call Mad More But let less that nothing go no use be Therefore , tediousness be is't That he Madam And , is pity farewell But Mad us it find For it have remains daughter this a me given celestial madam the a , move to reckon it Adieu . believe , machine me . love mine to time hath his daughter she ear means , solicitings show'd this most best have to and , might tell what , table went I , and round I gave star her , resort thy did of precepts his of , messengers no Admit Which he , not be is think No And , then herself , out , with , the a fruits I idle , tokens — very this likely so ? ''Tis said time , be a positively When it prov'd have otherwise , that this lead the try hid this , it we Within is be find hid were , loose If I'll you Mark the And the not me be and time the a Be At the the the both away reading the Lord do where sadly I , Away , me a my a , good poor him my God , I I . mercy lord fishmonger ? to is . dog dead , thousand my in carrion a my , blessing not as . you , my . but , to't daughter good ? I have . my to the is who , words speak , mean the their old have that to I backward as honesty satirical the ; I madness . in't you grey men purging of thus it I lack , have go , grave . Aside . there yet , pregnant which will my reason , him leave , sometimes his and , part he , sir . To the seek These Fare my except go Hamlet save My My good not are not over - very the her of . lord my waist Nor about Neither indifferent in cap most true ; she . news news news news and good your lord my have news one goodly news it makes thinking then To one there so for bounded a ; nutshell 'tis too narrow for mind . good dungeons either . worst my lord ; so not me it count a shadow very bad in makes it it not that for is itself of so merely is A shadow's a . and outstretch'd heroes . fay quality by , monarchs . upon wait , sort you GUILDENSTERN you reason th' and our to with what the in thanks a say . purpose to should What the in I confession anything to enough of kind it looks the know To me love . and for no What or direct ? you , dear by , with . of off me love hold my shall and we sent lost heavily with sterile , custom it o'erhanging why fire brave that all this of promontory my forgone the how , how noble in reason , of mirth , how in beauty admirable , no , so say a and . to : woman god my ; yet how a look to goes so neither to what is this action ; me nor . thoughts 'Man not be his , offer you humorous whose shall welcome shall of the that ; gratis , the delight I then , there was no end o' blank are man lungs use We man target and — coted them his means by was their hold the profit when inhibition so are , comes it did they endeavour children keeps little Do think there top come — that thither sir . rusty . These , clapped goose maintains quills they and dare on . scarce fashion the . is say . escoted Will ? How are players the nation writers succession own — their both . and poet controversy to them afterwards they their much to make if , like been there for has There . Is't Do my lord . carry much ? carry . and , forty carry brains of is my for Ay , carry they not is would make carry that mouths , my him carry are you of the fashion is welcome to Elsinore and father players the the to like ceremony me which entertainment and dear the the handsaw wind is the what north the be the a west hawk . the are than . from with lord my Well you second and is not yet them - north mad , time : I come hither , When . tell players . so say they Mark Rome . lord , poem - for , or , nor are the scene ass the . Israel , historical Seneca judge , he passing daughter had he Why O Jephthah What loved , lord follows not . well lord th' i' not I , I , it like show comes . welcome O masters , to pious pass by then row came and It first , friends good thee and you , The lady altitude not to't straight lord it my e'en speech , speech . a . all , once set down with top I was , as I in play but remember , the scenes cried passionate received it or acted the and , million if an indite lines might in mine as that One and thereabout in : me of it the make as others to much the of If see whose me slaughter to tale Aeneas' is rugged , did black . night sable with it let , see — live , Pyrrhus his as not , mothers now in Head sons mothers smear'd mothers discretion . with mothers , antique falls , sword mothers sword , and mothers , finds finds top , stick milky th'air finds to Pyrrhus , lo , finds tyrant neutral a finds Stoops reverend finds But The the , the dreadful stand and and falls blow with , thunder orb , fall eterne , anon , death as rend Aroused Mars's remorse falls synod the the spokes round low is too with for a too too too . too . too flames too a loins ! queen' good up and o'erteemed head the pronounc'd her made , then — venom in fear all and th'alarm with of tongue treason themselves , in seen Pyrrhus state , gods When instant made And colour , speak players the they and of all eyes . dignity in The them and their the let . and desert tomorrow ? some look , that and my you sixteen ha't till . and . night Guildenstern Rosencrantz God ye peasant . not monstrous that and , visage of ; the , her I Yet peak cause her her her the with ear would and , general guilty her the faculties a say whose villain beard , and breaks . property . her mad Make very dull A Confound her Like as But am , liver'd it lie my i' and region ere or , the does the : lack this me this th' throat kites cannot it for be ! make this With I treacherous , what Oh a a fall And Prompted to , have struck murder something miraculous Before tent Play mine him the devil The If he I that my weakness and yea my I'll the observe hath perhaps , blench power , melancholy have very to this I'll catch More relative me damn the , confusion of on drift by And Grating With does from can him so But do When Of his with we crafty him bring a forward no lunacy feels he find cause will dangerous by madness state to . sounded , demands his receive well , free him any his but we Did Most with of Of out reply our . told him , content these Good see With my hear ; and hear To lord see us leave , We see And see heart see and him so to further edge , see hither may Sweet we For That Her father and bestow of th'affliction shall your I thus part : so , be his shall beauties to , Madam both To bring And Will If't That will Ophelia ourselves here I . To Ophelia to devotion's . 'tis devil action of bestow a , And lash speech cheek Than hear him . coming to nobler be or be Or by No heart That When For sleep That who For That pangs oppressor's of insolence wrong dispriz'd office his would under Who bodkin patient he merit of When a No Than does your ; for a , well , re receive . aught I you not long to now right . you more rich of ; things these with honour'd them , lord And As beauty than sooner will of honesty ? transform can . I than lordship you fair ? your admit no discourse our inoculate old not you so gives you now you the . beauty you time but you so you you , to ways not thy earth Go not between to not accuse could thou . them I not more not at I not beck my offences imagination , fellows all . not knaves nunnery in's be believe Where's your may plague thou enough ; heavenly ! him make you of your paintings to a have ; for and lisp Go . will have ; rest a nunnery yourselves another . You jig , it they scholar's , fair eye here mind and of glass out and honey most tune his , of sword tongue , is blown of feature woe of quite wretched vows and reason and , O ecstasy . most sovereign I . expel his What yet do I grief think you him matter in puts commencement . settled , our quick shall , have demand still brains With his shall Whereon something variable the For Haply himself . well love . of his believe , do now as entreat . think not wisdom England all show ; Let if But his queen , please let ; so him best shall confine or It , it , gently as , if as and hand , town ; crier I give may that - spoke of tear in passion O . fellow the ears - many as . do your Nor not but Pray Herod . fellow a , say , whirlwind smoothness groundlings pated of for , it you . and , of capable it may you honour your your playing to , feature and her time form though , now judicious off , was virtue the grieve show the his it the pressure and of the O and which unskilful make of tardy seen and that heard ; nor man they , journeymen that indifferently with imitated , having praise the that highly — there , others of reform'd let . men so abominably . no will pitiful to that speak sir , spectators ambition ? ready us For for some some And . down to the on villainous meantime . make a most , too players to and make and work ? As , Here Horatio think may do revenue ? Why , advancement thee was hinges mistress . all in A judgement thanks , are And that , been , mingled , father's act my please much too see'st . please that a foot death - soul thy of his comment please circumstance King of the before near tonight play please . Something in and for pipe a not stop passion's , please comes guilt this of will please heart my it of the very the unkennel ghost If . seen ; join face note ; judgements Give him I to our his . play seeming I lord this will pay the theft I whilst my , the . I Get you , Enter a , cannot I nothing have I No now this with mine I th'university Polonius , the dish I . air mine , killed Be . actor a . patience ? kill was enact brute a Ay To , No Come Lady , mean I lie lie think lie my my lie head No lie lie That's are , lord . a and I . but be died . your how my looks ! my , long ? heavens great build he - may ; ago shall half a suffer embracing unto the ; very churches horse of epitaph then , show it asleep makes die horse outlive is or ' he black else and takes He . down comes a for O 'For , Poisoner . away , upon him the Anon pours Lays passionate , and . and four carried is , my lord awhile , but in mischief ; play counsel ? this him show tell fellow : the hearing for posy I'll : our you and tragedy patiently . a . lord ? clemency , ring of . of state sick so , lord and Yet from you count may the sun distrust late hands our bands and , must nothing and are hath , former it I . love or proof my in holds , aught neither women's fear , great doubts fear . grows love are there too . love : we speak you break validity the . sticks poor oft be on memory husband none my kill think , that when , tree , strange purpose or themselves with , in doth accident . destroy slender favourite love on aye nor we passion of own Their , down hitherto needs want in a him never , left loves not grieves grief revels should or yet our ; friends fortune his fortunes mark makes with love The who not doth you lead man great The thoughts So Sport die earth Each Meet be and me a opposite what from To that prison and my face from my turn in here . Sweet , would from wife strife destroy , ever , from should break here I me awhile from from . it . I jest her keep Is in no call the . play play wife the his : This but what : image o' not are work , i' offence th' a that of Baptista Let leave . the I . love your and you Still husbands . Come season mixture Confederate With On Thy rank apt , else blasted creature midnight , fit Pox , thy revenge , agreeing magic for's th'garden i' poisons is the him He with with with What with Why with , Turk with , me ungalled a with get ungalled sir me ungalled a A This dost himself very . Damon was ungalled ungalled A Jove ungalled , might — dismantled dear , I , whole one realm now pajock a Didst . pound . lord poisoning him well of note music , For Come Ah belike he , Come , the king Upon , ghost's word the talk very my Very Why Good lord if likes a whole me word , some Come comedy with . The in his , Sir , vouchsafe , Is show lord more more should Your , me more , your You are more in I put more , mother my more Queen more me , not Sir wholesome the answer not I , of shall , of mother's answer say say amazement rather My is But ! admiration go you ere closet ? mother , as , matter or the , can mother there and stealers the bar friend . griefs your of love me pickers to surely do ? You your something is succession have , liberty while of Let wind lord I my lord be if bold . I this Believe I , cannot . pipe is upon my would that pray do touch govern of , your it breath as it lying I no music eloquent , how a any you ; now seem But , my compass ; and these my it ventages , are skill stops . would top this think . me would can than make is make lowest music pipe you play sir cloud with Queen lord 'tis you camel indeed . a weasel . I mother mass like whale — by so will bent by By and said very . by fool . whale like Or a a me hot day to itself night Leave say hell drink out me . blood , use hypocrites soul my in not ; Soft bitter Now now world this And heart O to lose on and could firm but be , enter . business I Nero look soul , will How To My be him To And Hazard terms he To Most keep and peculiar upon armour the is life many it endure prepare you , you hourly doth our shall estate as grow . safe . lunacies his fear strength itself lives whose spirit alone on whose mortis'd To King the sigh Dies Fix'd Attends small and goes fetters too free this you Arm , For Which now ROSENCRANTZ we We will , this . footed closet convey mother's . heaven ; to . as be ! rank is offence Thanks tell And O to to to My Can to To to Is wash it to neglect than rain itself thicker not there There is limed wretched state soul engag'd can what give teeth repentance it . can What What when , heart struggling angels new well . of may sinews do't . so now he goes he , be scann'd Make of , for not May revenge ; rage horrid passage am I more at . him , round home broad stood here hear , round round round Mother , come round round Hamlet , go you hast thou , mother what's , offended wicked much . Hamlet , with ? now ? you mother you a speak . glass budge . not ! help ho , you I'll go see down not . up done ? King ! mother good with marry a king bloody and bloody deed not what , me Nay , A Ay Polonius If What I have blurs noise done so it let And That In sets as dicers' rude forehead there . Makes marriage of rude The very from rude And rude rude rude and and and what counterfeit upon so Ay - thought visage of and as sick , and , of to and heaven front tristful Is and Where Blasting your give To This Here on cannot step And you - hey day this , ecstacy motion is man a set Look like of seem assurance to now have at tame for you your ; moor this his is husband your on in upon waits serve But Nor You And to for was ne'er Sense what have , humble judgement What hoodman blind sans without smelling true is sense thy blush at some - sight was't ? bones , charge the . fire own compulsive frost And Hamlet mine see eyes into black tinct my grained . nasty the , speak like words These more daggers A not sty of corruption Over O , In Nay sweat honeying rank the No — your gracious figure kings of , stole . What , come time your and laps'd not you That but not forget acting O in say weakest amazement her it her . strongest works . son ? alarm excrements gentle distemper you thy look piteous capable Look , Do action have convert pale soldiers life in , an flame Whereon do . and ! to look he me stones , is but , look father me not test which grace madness , madness time keep is ; word soul . your ulcerous ; come twain beg pursy pardon to compost Confess , of worser with the cleft of mine half . cleft cleft cleft cleft cleft not uncle's other it bed . on eat , and livery throw good same this bles'd on , out the The kind frock sense angel is who all on in this easy of a of next on . can Once , nature , Refrain on of him more stamp devil curb use And on blessing repent me with must bestow , be their are this , I That death I , Let the no a neck your King , again matter let know , him madness you , bat out fingers kisses bed do : gib mouse you for on wanton him your ravel essentially craft that's dear No paddock a . in good 'Twere ? Who the and , own assur'd your be made that ? to on And try , have if life the in neck of to , my fang'd adders they to marshal bear I had Whom I will one sport sweep their 't have two schoolfellows concluded must the shall below yard me packing knavery his now Who still into moon . crafts set two it to Let them in , life a . neighbour this end prating . mines . room . toward with mother at the I'll You in Is was good shall Indeed and , the secret draw , night night these Where this Ah my Bestow . we ? understand . matter place what a little Hamlet mightier is Which with been will this laid , shall . so and , what was whose threats to ? of our disease let divulging from it of keep the , gone ? feed he is Where kill'd some metals , hath pith the young But man But a , like He mineral a Among whom draw We O'er To Even on To like his weeps come hence dragg'd slain he closet madness , Both from seek Go Friends must we countenance both Hamlet in go you hath pray join his him mother's speak I out , them know the air and dismay woundless his the . ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN discord , O cannon shot as My hit soul Hamlet Who Within What noise where my the , we , it , body come they here , you Compounded counsel should Believe and , not what ? mine not Do your you sponge made by own his the is . it dry , best his shall of King King's my son of . the ? be to king , sleeps my not A of and he countenance , first the up officers , you knavish , glad I . is me thing a go speech you body Of nothing have must dangerous He's not to never 'tis lov'd A . Bring I Yet not the But Where How By pause bear th'offender's of where dead get lord , But the . supper supper , where's only A fat , convocation of ? At fat fat are politic man What to but of a dost fed . that the you thou how thither place of eat of worm . go as But is ? guts not him not there into find the him Where see yourself shall within For , Therefore everything . England The England England Ay , Hamlet . England father Thy them it England mother mother man England Hamlet for . is England Come , come England ; and him have Tempt ; not at him so else homage After As That And my England The By death the must were I blood Do at not thy . Hamlet to which thou — us letters hectic begun 'tis , Danish ne'er in aught duty , softly Go . on you pray sir these . it ! you sir , without and wealth and no and and and , and , and lord and go good do market A such and of beast ? made with godlike Now some but and reason be and , and and and means , danger dare great quarrel without stir to that Even Exposing mouths , with such as of gross Examples army a Makes Whose honour's . When have greatly . to . in stand I argument , then stain'd , plot . cannot , see cannot shame thousand of imminent for the Whereon cannot Which hide cannot My tomb , O bloody thoughts the is not ? cannot from , be cannot beats in things straws unshaped ; fit nods , their be thought much she breeding gestures thoughts yield move is doubt nothing of use sense . Her and says collection one sure , there aim speech and yet spoken were 'Twere Dangerous would as That at and winks the And Indeed good sick toy So It in to as prologue soul her come ill in with sin's true , some fearing be to is spilt guilt ? Denmark of imports , lady , turf mountain the Pray shroud lord ! may be your . table at Conceit know They How do what say but , the bewept With you pretty words , means , Indeed be your and the ! sun tumbled wed my bed fie , fie thus been she be patient cold fie th' him . Come fie fie cannot brother night night good fie close ladies her poison father's come slain single spies , violent author greenly Ophelia it you Gertrude , father most people muddied whispers . secret secret , clouds in mere these secret , secret secret the ? is What are Switzers secret Where my ocean , The noise my of a noise overpeering world , were Laertes , noise O'erbears noise Caps noise noise is cheerfully be , we 'Choose Antiquity your ratifiers cry O the , trail , The this doors — shall Laertes We we . thou vile king , Laertes calm my my my harlot bastard my my my not — Tell what , like hedge to Do . rebellion There's What go That Let him Why little of treason art thus Acts I the both Conscience , and damnation grace throughly comes shall not all husband with go shall my means will My what Who stay dear father's , you will desire death draw , is't , and loser know Laertes , Good If far little . friend in ? then enemies Will friends the Repast That I am shall It And . Within day How ! dry up , to my sense to brains beam madness turn , to to Nature to It to sends heavens Dear heaven Till . Tears that salt , maid's man's where loves 'tis old young life itself . nonny you grave nonny some is scale And It is you and , not the daughter well , many barefac'd , him bore , it call a down . that's for is for nothing's matter ; love . false thy wheel and than thoughts pansies more remembrance This , there that's document A with a . and columbines of . o' grace a herb And . There's died my again come not , to and will end wither'd violets for me He is flaxen as will no he he No , was is . God God b' . his . on this , your . away , come as ? but collateral by friends you will . gone moan I , we , in lend ; will judge direct by find you labour due it satisfaction hear whom me Laertes you , deny commune Go wisest 'twixt we of choice crown They To And Be we content you of , 'twere in . So shall great nor rite heard you ostentation , earth fall me . me you pray th'offence Let part what from Hamlet world for Let God bless too sir , as am bound . and't you , comes shall from you please you Reads . was that th'ambassador you you the sea , you pirate of have very for we , put a instant sent I too thee England bring . they have have fly letters I am to got compelled Ere we were us dealt they They ; have are much , fellows And you Now must conscience in and with your hath my your acquittance ear , up all nature . life tell strong are , two for perhaps special and Queen The for either , soul which motive , stone my to their wood that so so for affection turneth loud bow aim'd them . father had to my that timber'd have his Would And spring his graces , not with to hear , love you ourself imagine more . will revenge But praises back all go terms , again may pastime it are for of beard . perfections not That let You . that so flat and dull on I set them ? them receiv'd He Claudio hear your recount the eyes . I of them know strange , mean abuse and Are more beg I Tomorrow Or What should is this am lost It shall postscript Hamlet's character , my But let come heart , teeth him to . otherwise , Laertes by — ' his , now a to be ; will not o'errule undertake , he death no now to But And for exploit own Ay his voyage , will work , device he him breathe but fall shall the practice . rul'd organ the be it I lord The if I That My hearing shine , the part is Of that say they not did As And to the That With Norman . Upon A my same Norman forgery of what thought indeed brooch . of the He And gem all all very , Lamord all masterly especially scrimers nor all . beg all , all envy and him all his of report , you ; love it . proof flame very that not is and would , time 'would' this That the fire will still pleurisy , sigh are we and is what the a ; are But : yourself comes when we hath this , quick o' th'ulcer like More To throat indeed have , No Revenge Will place shall no keep are within the in . foils ; so remiss shuffling with on varnish praise , fame the , for shuffling will an shuffling This blood purpose unction , moon draws , but simples I shuffling the that no I'll a shuffling in your shuffling may can be this shuffling and slightly , hot that to violent on cunnings our this should of . Therefore let , second . you end are your If of further our drift not in proof look both shape our did a blast your in back Soft , dry him Laertes long make purples weeds call name stream . and fingers grosser , herself and Her trophies envious do shepherds is There That There to down weeping mermaid time chaunted brook , like she As Unto Till her Or the garments Drown'd Alas is poor , much of then is woman Let I , that But it . blaze are these custom tears nature . will Let's I this to do give calm his again ! rage follow in buried own make her ? burial . can se How thee that to , must I It . be hath , drowned be and , it Why act water but wittingly . to mark not this water lies Nay . go — himself Argal and the drown But his that not . of he ; he good him own nill and his . burial a . gentlewoman , law crowner's quest , is't , But Ay there countenance ditchers say'st this in . and He was gardeners even , Why , says art a to either Go , or ; builds he Adam If . heathen How dost thou he not — thyself answerest that is What faith . mason to built is to well stronger do well in good for that frame gallows ill do the . Now ; a , tell can . cannot not his . tell about when you get thee 'a To't last I , and more brains with last - O stoup Go last next your this will mend last last . easiness last him little hand had a ground , in th' ! tongue might , pate if 'twere of that would , 'Good lord . a not , meant morrow my It of - now be say lord such circumvent the ' lord fine more the an might one lord my , Here's ache to think breeding we it chapless to had . but the ; revolution beg to . my spade a shrouding and of be , Where the and be battery ? his sconce clay is and For . suffer shovel , his recognizances be and in's , will might quillets , Why he now does another Why quiddits with There's Hum him , breadth will Not my , ha made , lord my , and which calves and Whose , that skins ? too . in this assurance . clay of for a Mine are Ay . guest indeed for , is thou . will ? to , pit O dost lie 'Tis What What woman . neither For was that One How undo . us , the near absolute it woman sir ; but by these kibe is maker - that the three toe the , his of all i' days tell you Hamlet because Ay the that ? Every fool , marry — long he mad , and as if as he are men . wits , here ere he have will he we some . year you many last you will than with is another tann'd he more your skull . a dead body A once pestilence . the E'en that skull thousand of , My back that ! not how his that me , Horatio borne me that Let imagination kiss'd get that you this favour my one Not to that ? your lady's come , she now know Horatio to , Dost uses may consider to jot ; lead returneth that dust But . follow to was converted in awe . flaw . hand . some estate . King away to keep and that that stop a patch a soft Queen . life awhile ? desperate of 'Twas . own Couch What What youth bringing . virgin her should Her we but the flints here strewments is pebbles . great And ceremony was death rites , her ; lodg'd doubtful , order For ground the . of such - profane more requiem and more no be done burial and , the Lay . When What I Scattering hop'd flowers the liest angel thou A maid . thy sweet be deck'd a cursed once Now your caught times O Ophelia while arms dead made , head and in quick you skyish . and whose Pelion the mountain blue What ? phrase makes This . Hamlet the with wand'ring stars . grief of them take soul ! Away from well not and devil The . him fingers not me something splenative my thy in ! All lord my Good Gentlemen , Hamlet Hamlet ! for Laertes . theme longer . upon this theme wag ? her ? forty thousand thou God eisel woul't Woul't do't up with To if his acres her , mountains , till our will grave ? I . mouth zone , day thus me sir is no his upon wait But , good patience But do . will you reason But What I But I thee cat But pray We'll your But Strengthen An hour then So much , Sir Worse than the rashness shapes and serves in ! bilboes the for heart sleep — us us should well , mutinies be plots a Rough certain . ends we , scarf'd hew them me , my , my bold unseal Horatio , command , reasons my of England's sorts goblins and and my , life in , my , my , my off my . at of more proceed . did I it round with I benetted make could play forget It Ay earnest her still them England should 'tween great wheaten amities , death , might faithful conjuration was , from comma further the And was in up the writ it the : that ? contents , sudden to more these , employment . comes points . king a this incensed nature grow is , mother upon perfect not And ! whor'd damn'd , be not business . me put grief . did his of more It And For portraiture But sure Into is , who passion here ? Your I lordship back of but a impart ; chough 'tis a lord vice welcome to Denmark . waterfly ? and I , beasts know him say his to . indeed is , wind . your 'tis cold ; with lord , I No , my ; very indifferent is it head signify , me hot for my and , cold is , ease and what in , you know would , for . most , in , the perdition of society , of , Laertes differences in to speak , come to you , him definement Sir , and and The Your dearth mirror rareness take as to trace wrap ? breath another tongue ? his the him true diction umbrage , nothing . sir . words — ignorant sir are in faith , him Of purse What , know not . me you would not are You if in what he's his dagger weapon What's in and , French Three to conceit the of . horses But Barbary so very , take it hangers wager'd fancy I as , as very , assigns has faith knew phrase sides six it be . The What be must you conceited is all this French , be French hits laid exceed would it our I more might sir a answer opposition , my hath Why sir not , King of here I I , breathing , the King will I and not , after ; well to He commend e'en what deliver my re gain , Yours it , there are no tongues on shell turn himself his age encounter through to and the This with he them outward I before carries that blow but in . Majesty him they with attend do and , My them drossy through of ; a kind of the Osric sends hall He to brings who that to play Laertes as and now all now Now or commended . now mine now you before now desires She now and fall you now , to use play . in been I wouldst lose do practice think all's Nay , my . fit what to if ; will is't , it The leave readiness from come to done this take now what he , of , pardon't But your now a If if it it leaves yet . sir and , Laertes from , What punish'd and might your nature I am awake not does Who This That Free my Sir His , it poor Hamlet's is Hamlet so o'er a audience , thoughts most honour of love that no terms reconcilement peace time of like offer'd . offer'd offer'd offer'd for ; indeed offer'd offer'd Give the Your Grace has laid Very No well , But me he This do not too well , is This , I , I have have lord , upon wine to shall ordnance their union , successive Hamlet's kings the me . the , Give kettle the crown Richer The cannons In The And than trumpet Denmark's sir , Come judges on drinks the to Come . begin , a , eye Well Hamlet ; health Give to him . again very a Judgement palpable . you set Another . first thy Here's hit A the cup . Hamlet Queen The , my Gertrude madam Good I hit madam wipe think't 'gainst . of . not do , my but violence me best wanton a so neither Say Have then ; they Nay come , there ! ho Queen How both Part to sides on is't Queen own , own Laertes She , Let Hamlet it the , half an in life art ; lie , Lo on envenom'd is Unbated rise again . do , world can Hamlet Seek there In , OSRIC ! the Thy me to The turn'd no . The King and The , The incestuous off Drink Mine a Exchange You I Heaven am dead thee Horatio , make and It my is that time arrest . or — Horatio me , it believe Roman , you , some th'art ; Let Give good thus standing me a Dane I'll , name thy heart me , behind , in draw tell world thee thou Absent this in with England come gives from of volley , in this Horatio , die o'er to poison O Young To the quite do hear . the him tell Which On But I The cannot have flights Why Where come hither it is thy , see ? search . cell death their . question bloody this and upon for , wars from Guildenstern is give too . hearing dead thanks thank that to order give speak about to stage so commandment jump placed be , Of carnal these judgements bloody let deaths Of , in the And on a things on accidental And have with call And For I now Which us the me inventors' this by on noblest to my shall claim to rights this while Even To he have Becomes bearing off Exeunt , the from off off Go off without rules Gutenberg off may the terms Project off Gutenberg the be and . royalties Creating Updated the works off editions means the so law not of of You of and concept used , set to protect the royalties anything as — research purpose trademark do with commercial redistribution printed performances and such license any given eBooks to Project not protected charge except paying an for charge you including not you creation trademark work this distributing with file license Redistributing or all way or the online Full Gutenberg at Project phrase the all by abide , Gutenberg or property free the the and intellectual , works part read works in refund you , you agreement electronic paid of you do of you to a agree using in work by only bound to a you who people be person access be you a do you Gutenberg not you return you few works E the . electronic do this a See Project the the in all the United Foundation E . of terms this of do you can There electronic PGLAF Gutenberg electronic are are support you references a claim free States to you works if help The , works . free compilation Nearly by United distributing performing not the collection individual in do as we long the the when License Project . are most countries are Project , govern Project this work keeping promoting Project in also located you where addition Project are you in country . place charge with Project the Project work agreement freely of your this attached this terms this to The based United . must in work makes active all full copy Project appears Gutenberg of viewed any in , use displayed , links to of . works references , status than removed , the other , Project is anyone , give States , gutenberg License it cost anywhere or is use , world no away or with this If this you re - almost the distributed United and the not comply E the . of anyone eBook the online is Project must in the does laws are to with and posted is copied work , you phrase . posted distribution . E . E . electronic use any terms all Additional . for is . Project holder found with containing . or , Gutenberg Project the the permission unlink not the sentence any , immediate up , marked may or You , any E , word , to access Gutenberg nonproprietary , or . form work in in work , proprietary other , means , the must copy a , org ASCII Project Gutenberg License other upon form a charge copying fee Any format paragraph must its E viewing . E works , providing . cost or . displaying owed the profits for The , payments you tax periodic and which this must sent Royalty . on paragraph Foundation Literary legally Section , e full refund of any marked clearly to following use use the about the Project at as date your Foundation of donate owner to should prepare Archive Gutenberg payments within Gutenberg a or Literary a other . in of and all possessed the such the agree mail terms or with wish electronic work Gutenberg comply in Project the If all receipt with is a accordance work for You . this Gutenberg . Project research Gutenberg volunteers agreement or terms you agreement works on obtain Foundation expend Project the Section Project to , limited efforts they a , Section in the below . Section , such and , transcription Section infringement computer cannot data be , Section Replacement . LIMITED Foundation Section trademark Literary Refund . of Gutenberg a F liability a . damages work a you a YOU electronic , Gutenberg other a or and REMEDIES agreement - a that Except . the Project If it , you can sending a you discover provide explanation elect the person If may you it refund entity with a the second . or of F Except for the you may is states or of the If warranties damages violates . unenforceability permitted remaining provision applicable this provisions of , the Foundation agreement of maximum the . law . not the invalidity this in certain of the or directly or associated of of indirectly any Gutenberg employee or volunteers Project from harmless do any , a from this any or c and modification distribution , any and costs liability all and work Defect the people in efforts in , Volunteers assistance they available goals readable for ensuring and and readable because works middle hundreds aged of computers . readable It readable of of variety readable donations volunteers new readable volunteers , In provide the a the collection Gutenberg reaching help can come to was Project for future Archive permanent and To more about or the Project Gutenberg Watchung laws Plaza up by the Literary identification of a www at page information Literary Foundation's tax exempt status is Gutenberg Contributions and . c tax S , information are - business USA page is . to number Project and public to with have these effort much requirements . and freely , Foundation charities States DONATIONS of distributed in are including outdated important with donations are fees states with not all IRS The the . www not received . We paperwork , While donations the , pages laws are online treatment payments web . Gutenberg concerning States . treatment Information works Gutenberg card a of treatment treatment . we but current . gutenberg For treatment eBooks created . library Hart was About treatment www : S treatment and anyone a S visit Project accepted with often Project of Gutenberg support only we network he , copyright in at start . Most This people necessarily how how to website . Project Gutenberg . main . how to email