Who's there ? unfold ! the and Stand He . bed , hour ? I . Get thee to this For . most relief 'Tis come had am And I Have you . there them mouse a Not rivals hear them watch , to Friends O farewell soldier you ! Horatio ? Give . honest , place what Holla has , Barnardo What has seen appear'd Marcellus , good Welcome thing this Touching With I have nothing . says let of this sight not And approve , apparition 'twill if watch I minutes him come to not awhile . ears our speak against , seen down let two so let Tush , That again and speak appear story nights fortified once again , Barnardo , that bell made yond In art Had When , break same star course burns Where now Peace thee Look one beating then it King comes again Horatio to night . wonder fear Mark it that's . thee buried heaven of charge and of . I that thou usurp'st the which sometimes art with By majesty away I speak offended it , See It ! is that In Denmark . tremble more than pale look fantasy true might ? speak answer will As thou Of it not own this believe parle ice the in when hath stalk what Such He In And This Why But Good divide of for the such not be mart daily shipwrights Sunday from the of watch opinion our , observant land work and and tell So , nightly why joint is't the the that me image appear'd of Fortinbras I inform by , Was Whose as combat Dar'd least Thereto to For so to by Doth Who you known world our most which , which of a heraldry seal'd esteem'd compact , return'd inheritance King ; by the , cov'nant design'd moiety to of as carriage been To gaged he the Had Was Well , Against Did ratified by law our this with the by Which forfeit and , of which resolutes our by diet a skirts Hath Shark'd the And in't unto strong hand enterprise full here is which list Now Hamlet . the unimproved of mettle article , Norway those , I this foresaid And , land : it , of motive haste our lost and so portentous like this other our that the trouble is and it through the is high and it the little mote was post - ere stood Did That Comes trains to the The in stars Upon of and almost with empire the Roman of mind's fire fierce eclipse . on omen earth precurse of the , fates . Lo climatures , it , illusion again comes , demonstrated ! me ease to any thee good privy to , Which If thou Speak happily if thou art hast , thing to sound to . me , and where Speak ! though soft thou any there hast use blast or , Speak I Do here here ? of so , thing heard guilty have a , like . and at - to I sounding hies truth , air , herein , long abroad ; stir strike . probation cock of made crowing singeth no witch heard I The And So Walks we Break Let have our us Hamlet to us ; our loves , fitting acquaint for this duty ? know . him , it . it , and that and brow dear our , green Hamlet grief brother's our woe ; marriage , barr'd dole , herein , of dear brother's his advantage lands those all pester bonds of with for is brother , business and valiant and bed of the ourself for much the his Norway To , Of further this Who Now herein full ; subject proportions all here , to personal Norway , made , Voltemand scope old allow more further the let your and things , VOLTEMAND we show commend our duty . with . Laertes you , Dane is't the beg asking thy Denmark instrumental thou of my to Dread favour willingly duty Your leave my I thoughts to and , your my By you his laboursome Upon do He beseech thy fair Take I And like like , common noble eye not like for Passing Thou like Seems like madam suspiration fruitful river like of the the , eye like ; play indeed woe . Hamlet ; father nature which within that me truly suits of survivor term to for , sorrow condolement we A heart any most in we vulgar unfortified 'tis Fie must understanding In That impious It know it For to To As You of a are to you retrograde toward impart most Do Than This , must It going , Here And back . For throne , to throw pray that he We ' corse first be , the which unprevailing and to , remain desire your you of , bend and , we chiefest Our as Why I in 'tis ourself best us courtier the cheer school in thee not my Denmark heart great jocund cannon rouse in my to smiling gentle Be shall all a and ; a fair . come , tell , whereof Hamlet , Madam today , God ! O ! nature garden ! this , heaven ! on hang of grown within a name shoes , yet she would had , appetite of , or my Frailty followed — ere wants — that in . most her of flushing Hercules most O . the the dexterity such my , heart not I , Horatio glad or am The , poor your same good from make I'll Sir you change that Marcellus good lord . Good you make good my enemy that ear your of you are in affair deep ere know your say own no your father's , see it The fellow bak'd meats . funeral you truant report drink mock Horatio do I But you to not Thrift — I , the funeral tables . Horatio heaven my . father lord king Horatio in goodly take , see I my mind's saw a shall I think I his for Where In , the an My With For Upon Two the at waste thus before point encounter'd dead Armed . figure middle exactly , hear . you gentlemen , watch night father , gentlemen their the your me distill'd eyes , of him watch , This , thrice - on these and A cap like of Appears Goes by Stand of dumb By his Almost , truncheon's stately oppress'd fear surprised they kept , true the time father good to in and we watch more I But was knew this ? methought it speak and in . haste : cock ; duty 'tis true , it lord strange very , And , Indeed But As at do let indeed , but of down . me ? this our know you the in tonight writ watch . and Arm'd Arm'd From to do We you sirs Hold my ? say Both my from not his face up . anger frowningly in more Pale than he my lord yes A you , Then saw countenance , What And I would his had have would . I , MARCELLUS moderate with . tell haste BARNARDO amaz'd much I like might a very Longer , His It , have seen it , will . his life ? again should . tonight father's pray you , still gape in twelve your you So . to in to All you mine as Our spirit eleven hitherto in peace shall . this tongue . in tonight and , hap duty in . play honour 'twixt in loves arms foul , earth are them : would : my My the , assistant necessaries sister , winds as do in still sit Though , benefit . that from you trifling of , Do fashion a ; nature . of more a But hear me , let is convoy And For Hold violet and not The but so of not suppliance youth the , toy his sweet more No perfume a Forward A , Think crescent no ; service Perhaps he as this not more alone fear his persons choice : own , circumscrib'd body whole loves state he . wisdom of choice and and believe says far unvalu'd for so his is health of to his must doth depends ; subject soil nor will as this his besmirch you is do but not on ; and voice It the his saying particular in fits is May Than he Fear If it keep your Or And loss voice weigh lose or Out If itself or of canker she And oft the and or dew , strokes moon of may treasure , or sustain his affection desire danger is beauty rear it my the disclos'd spring or . fear the : of calumnious not or morn before Be Contagious the The or Virtue Youth to shall watchman As wary me Whilst steep of my a puff'd heart as way thorny and his own primrose fear me not rede , recks But O too stay'd sits in . aboard , for sail blessing of your in precepts few these thy my . comes father leave , shoulder vulgar tongue his means thoughts thy . unproportion'd but by , and Give no adoption no . entertainment , but of hatch'd thy ; few thy voice . thee beware unfledg'd hoops quarrel a dull but , may , ear thine - not soul palm reserve can gaudy and ; buy thy judgement ; with , being th'opposed man censure in the oft borrowing : borrower most loan dulls follow must And And Neither a each every Take Give man's express'd in as thy not and nor a not I take own itself a generous chief and lender : blessing then do my canst Most Farewell you time , The And . shall What yourself ; Ophelia have and memory , in I If 'Tis Marry audience you time so ; free , my of up you tenders late his lord it As you ! What you way of caution as been not in that Affection Pooh ! do you And is understand my between affection you You , I'll you believe in you Give me made honour me your and speak Of , hath speak , speak perilous tenders , his know have speak lord my do Marry That Which , speak Running not not you Do crack thus speak , speak And given it — are lord Ay tongue than how prodigal to me tender . fashion importun'd hath he you ; his holy the to heat fire higher . For a Hamlet he a scanter your command much be may a You Ay When , springes blood the , burns Lends it so with Set Even Than Than ; something Believe The ; Not ; I you slander . sanctified ; of and This , from all , show are they their for ; forth . time leisure ways it As to to't , I The an now and it What very eager air twelve ? It . lord wont to ? near draws , mean and my tonight his upspring reels rouse held takes it , I heard the is his his pledge trumpet the his swaggering custom ? marry a Is , it though the observance here native and is't in and born breach manner Ay of triumph to And The drum - my mind revel east other chances vicious oft The And Makes As By the habit o'ergrowth though too forts reason though , that though complexion choose of that his and these , one of stamp — though , down some of though else say form His virtues infinite — general or though be may dram doubt — star undergo corruption evil men , comes us , hell thee from call I'll . O but , burst bones hearsed in death sepulchre me , jaws , defend grace health heaven wicked a charitable or , why , cerements and marble hideous horridly So will such ignorance . thee to Dane in thee ponderous , shake the if you this beyond , again we why , Say thou cast Revisit'st the our our reaches , should it we desire action . go alone . removed more no not No you waves It But ; not my . with , then lord it Do should the , my do for my And Why set what life not will me I It Being a , speak Or What And It might you very That it Which more ? your assume o'er tempt And deprive base madness , every Think puts sovereignty fathoms to roar of other motive Without And The , waves on looks Hold off go your I'll You not , still my . go . lord the this . nerve body not , gentlemen lets follow . him I'll thee me that him . cries fate ghost , obey . further no , me . will almost sulph'rous to My Mark is I me I'll go . render To me Alas , but shall serious bound ! up not father's thou when am to art Doom'd confin'd fast spirit the in days to , in term that my walk - done prison am word freeze night , I whose away of to thy lightest my , young stand from on . be blazon the end List fretful O blood , porpentine , list , must blood ever . and , list ! dear most Murder unnatural the best and , strange , or to my , and foul his And That rots in that this itself stir out stung that Now my serpent wit , to that shameful the have — beast , seeming was even off gifts and ! seduce to will From me , went made of To mine That soft But be ! custom always Sleeping uncle in a vial did porches the leperous in That With me of an such Holds quicksilver sudden vigour with whose blood distilment as natural with most like - Most And Upon The And thin And a and And lazar The life off even crown , imperfections unanel'd my at to my , sin hand crust about body milk did and a , blood droppings into , dispatch'd , head . account , incest it horrible bear ; be act to Fare the ! of heaven ? sinews my couple you But And shall O The And Adieu , 'gins adieu I you bear poor ghost stiffly , memory a holds not . grow fie O , memory seat ? thee instant Hold earth my fond all copied forms observation all and book baser most . volume O Within O Yea All And That thy I it are . Now to my ! down in remember . MARCELLUS adieu have My lord and my lord me be a villain , damned set it and , sure , Meet smile is smile am . him . secure , lord wonderful my O , noble news . heaven . by my , then I Not you But There's needs so , I , your fit that hath desire my desire point , for right you ; more business and man is Look wild These own heartily heartily , whirling go I'll — offence Patrick . lord , friends vision is , Horatio , us . request one me Give As faith , not , lord my , sworn We boy Cries under the , upon my this Consent this my . of Never ubique ? Come hands Then gentlemen , upon you . Beneath shift Hic et Never Well more as , strange so bear you wondrous i' you encumber'd we by at know' pronouncing thus With , put times , of or 'There be they , shall , might' . help — need not note you to this if to and do know to That you So Or As , With rest , what perturbed . mercy aught at such ambiguous Beneath all love Swear And That Nay was , your lips spirit do commend . his shall my so t'express not your fingers of is I lack go cursed set together , notes go . Reynaldo good lord wisely money these and my , marvellous visit Of his him , I did well said . Danskers what and drift of come distant his do part Enquire , son you well he Addicted As What him , know him' 'I 'twere in But , may forgeries , As part noted wild most wanton him , take such sir youth heed , and ' please ; liberty and and my , lord fencing , You him . go in scandal breathe open season put another it his taints incontinency of fiery blood . charge seem meaning not may but he is and outbreak flash That not A The my And a in youth Your I laying thing 'twere ever you seen converse a Having ; the so closes ' , mass , Or , At closes 'closes or was I the There He 'I was he out such a : house forth this and of carp assays of and me directions takes gaming , at of wisdom lord . indirections of , saw I There , him brothel a enter have You and windlasses Your And do Shall My b' Observe And Well , How Alas lord , him lord My as , Hamlet Lord upon his , his stockings piteous so horrors had - knees down , loosed in hell . thy truly ? held of thy my brow , so face of thy he stay'd mine thus waving thy sigh head it draw a rais'd He thy thy And by What the hand perusal Long little such , would it his And me with I very love the , his without property the Whose doors head with to his find does afflict Come For his his shoulder their without seek King But . And had That No I This , much have Rosencrantz The Our Moreover And Some draw So To And To whom gentlemen , Whether occasion occasion That occasion time , so pleasures unknown occasion occasion within our occasion please you living occasion , king's thanks hope awhile good If it king's will will our you . king's in commanded king's lay To , Rosencrantz king's king's Might king's and and and My bring And Thanks you and instantly gentlemen presence and Heavens Pleasant and these , Ay and Thou , my to my hold Assure , and And I hold my my God — of else this so Are joyfully , lord , father I Norway my good return'd been ? trail do cause very think the to to feast great ; hear , fruit them that and queen to My it His doubt death we is and , father's I The Welcome , Most ; he Polack whereat ; of so It But falsely Was Receives Makes On That was be better his against give To borne ; before of old Fortinbras his And So it Through On As as commission your those annual : pass fee , shown quiet and . us consider'd night upon time down enterprise read , together labour . expostulate mad flourishes wit son outward soul day time ended well , is and waste the ; for limbs rest your I And nothing day Why be should be day to , madam to is majesty brief . no 'tis will true , us farewell is mad 'tis let And 'tis , grant More swear I matter pity he 'tis the out we Mad But it cause defective cause the say find Madam Thus That's , phrase phrase an remainder whilst obedience Now Or it remains a in I and , phrase from Came , soul's . Good Doubt awhile ; I sun I . thou to ? reckon , art solicitings my , most This out faithful a What , hot But here queen what , mine to given ? play'd had Majesty a this look'd heart is a prince , And out ' . my you Or given my Hamlet not must 'Lord might And Which That he , Fell And sadness a short tale fast , and , watch a to to Thence If I winking with went sight young mistress thus I star . make advice . her said been repulsed , by . this I there 'tis you think this You otherwise ? if I behind I'll will find assistant from Within further loose together loose poor loose does loose presently , At such a time he loose a arras then , loose Let me be loose no for you We Not But look where sadly you . were I'll board him . O picked world Honest well would , sir Do know me man honest That's a a Have him a said I'll . at truly a a Words my he ? Aside Friend , a a conceive . Conception harping fishmonger much a What words matter , lord my that have thick set thus it most a like if , have I wrinkled is wrinkled my lord wrinkled How wrinkled . Aside wrinkled often be wrinkled means I of will from my life , you well tedious You go To Polonius My over the not not thou , Ah , Guildenstern , how do ; button favours honest to world's the we most the , lord ? good my she Fortune What near doomsday . But your ? Fortune of parts secret lord . one ; being Then Denmark's friends my the which there Denmark prison nothing ; a one To ; were ambition the ; it in , Which is indeed dream merely of shadow itself not I thinking bounded makes be , so it makes 'tis very narrow for nutshell count and I that , is a . shadow but For , by outstretch'd I , and that quality heroes my ; for But monarchs court upon we not of . in that should Come ? inclining me justly What are we say , Is my visit To you to friends , my I am the Is , of confession to in me . with own thanks ? dear enough to . consonancy of me let by what youth end what To But , colour you you fellowship off . say . me with If you were of love . you ; lord King the to I will Nay secrecy ; canopy the seems so look it , you ? have an eye feather mirth heavily me how how noble reason , it custom of disposition , discovery have action of neither . so and ; this express how , than me majestical excellent , and late of thing of , a of ? an in though dust did Why My paragon , in angel in and is , you and beauty , say admirable in , a woman . me' is what delights your Man not to no , what not entertainment , service and shall his use shall knight shall be man his on my not coted them Majesty part the have his end — We offer foil or , lungs ; the are freely players delight in Their and in in He of shall Even How shall sigh not the was . both the verse th' the halt they , Are was travel their , they ? late How the . call dare come the the there . pace cry so they These that they followed they Do not are aerie they if they should grow ? Will they not say . many out no to argument been What , the means exclaim both was went money most no , are , comply Let , my is welcome . and those give twenty natural find . The are you , at each . is an . That wind the from hawk you Guildenstern north , you twice the . so tell . Happily will Monday Rome Monday old say they for ; them to come time second My lord Monday . Monday , Monday Monday for , come are actors The The pastoral a men the best , I Aside fair which . i' . wot , was . where well young since my when I like thee see is , your heaven to . God Masters , anything of was never my , quality speech a speech a a passionate speech a a was in handsome a tale Aeneas' a 'Twas speaks but , called more , remember such in judgements , I well , to the , very , is he Hath , at not rugged When With now of a murders Roasted impasted fathers he heraldry this Bak'd With thus proceed , with spoken well Old eyes And lend with , hellish . finds him , His where Unequal . strikes fell Ilium top with , and blow with senseless of Then . and whiff Priam father short Anon at Greeks lies , falls it , command , in rage wide crash sword , below still stand the dreadful anon him ; sets , often Did see as we , and , death speechless than forg'd , remorse thou Now falls for All ! bleeding proof hammers Pyrrhus' on Fortune strumpet synod , out shall a good clout , down rheum That's barefoot Run late lank and . A up her blanket and diadem stood bisson 'The ! good the all th'alarm But if Fortune's instant mortal sword did treason would state When see have in in , About Where that them move gods make malicious then , heaven in's let , soon tears . made has ill you this all , of than . have better your ; he And in and chronicles whipping , well his no rest brief in is . dignity . them . in your merit them , Come the ? lord , 'scape deserve , sirs , your own bounty . play play my , Ay him friends old , me thou less they should Dost hear We'll dozen ha't well Very till . Guildenstern . and My are Good , good You lord and Ay , that Follow To Rosencrantz Ay With Had What's ? cleave I should the the weep for general ear would her with , guilty Confound The That Like Who Plucks Upon defeat off me my by property breaks me ere region Bloody all , or bawdy , lecherous , offal am as deep As 'Swounds ! me I To But I With make slave's this , I have should what I Prompted Must murder , like About For , Play Before Been With most I'll tent something my to know though like mine miraculous it have uncle They I Get Grating He And With from can why harshly turbulent him he and feels confess he his himself will dangerous by on days distracted no be . sounded means . reply of demands certain any these that pastime players told the kind we , him matter Majesties your much see . so further a it my see him lord , on to Gertrude leave see for sent . too us , Hamlet see edge see me . see see , here , unseen , espials , seeing judge lawful , encounter of as suffers his th'affliction thus he , obey Ophelia shall I part : good him to — wish it may . honours Read on so , exercise with to sugar too doth with give true himself 'tis plastering painted that thing most ! lord Let's Let's . Let's Let's : Let's , is ? sleep the There's respect rub . consummation natural Let's , to of against outrageous , mortal this off of we would The and by to To what the come , sleep to there's may coil , and heir to perchance , For To sleep is flesh That The wrong bear to Devoutly be wish'd the . contumely law's and , love merit the life scorns the time of delay love , takes unworthy love death , country makes No does conscience fly The traveller love love love Is And o'er of their pith Soft ? day well yours - deliver . them well this for honour well , right sweet the ! There Rich honest you My means , truly likeness into it is his what and , for . was admit honesty ? but , I than , earth me borne not had mother ; better to them ? arrant were in are We doors be O house . that , I'll give as thee your I as , all nunnery in's upon shut chaste nunnery ice thou fool go , a as a , pure marry for men you lisp to have live ; I'll face The and have , Go , shall Th'expectancy observers the eye here is of and , the they made and make already . married are are ! state of , soul , the his disclose brood something on and lack'd way that little tend do . though There's to , please the as , now entreat you . How do of what love . us fit lord yet believe . alone , do shall The it all Lord . play , Ophelia , him with him , had trippingly the not must tongue the if you I thus mouth you , I . gently tear for O fellow ears . groundlings passion you , it shows offends dumb who me must , inexplicable of o'erdoing and It . for nothing of warrant discretion a acquire very in ; it honour own . the such have part out are Herod would the noise too tame purpose the to the - nature ; for the let the , the action the but word playing , neither is observance the not overdone , virtue grieve the and the so and the tardy judicious whole theatre make is you o'erstep not the 'twere whose modesty hold to feature from time his was her off a , thought well others of own show to o'erweigh I seen we Nature's some , pagan , Christian , and praise the have made indifferently that For . imitated journeymen man humanity , hope it laugh though considered in is reform reform'd And let have O , themselves too to be than in Will players and too , Queen make haste . just , We you Bid them ! Horatio my and hasten to sweet lord ho your man my art , cop'd lord at . thy but hast may think dear I hope , not my Why fawning follow the the thee , do I advancement from hinges what pregnant no That For Nay ? dear , thee , And my may candied for suffering could mistress herself seal'd And of man A Hast As Hath equal judgement thanks she are not what not buffets And in too tonight do are That is passion's thee scene I There are blood one they ta'en in and are sound As One told heart me Fortune's co are blessed well for . of this are finger our rivet that in act death , join face foul soul - father's of his If thy comment that a foot guilt occulted heedful ; him as playing our King . Rosencrantz . march A They , chameleon's others Hamlet you My . you say ? lord words I : feed these , you killed . actor . there Brutus kill ; my dear . ho lie lord upon your . lap . lord maids' ? meant ? meant legs meant . meant matters , between do meant ! are meant Who , should What maker my , Nay , long . then , die a O Nay your - looks hours mother twice ? there's hope Enter a kneels the hobby , his declines with lady he very makes him seeing She Queen crown takes and head returns The . exits . and King her , finds . it . Lays him down embracing is Queen four carried and body is Mutes dead horse - must - show , him comes , in Anon . but in , passionate makes awhile means , it . means unwilling away and him leaves asleep kisses Queen The seeming , Belike Marry show this tell : all the the ; counsel what us cannot . him show show any not to are , You naught that us We For Here beg and naught : our clemency , a of your tragedy the lord , play I'll mark , patiently ? my posy or . gone Phoebus' Tellus' and may in , and the most love be distrust , hands moon . late I sick of must , fear too , as kind behind do there : to world — fair . the accurst in kill'd , needs let but that instances of A The second be rest first who wormwood me ! breast . love , oft . tree , doth ; lament accident not change strange , doth doth . doth . doth . fortunes 'tis doth prove love , enemies flies our for joy man 'tis , not nor ; or mark friends makes , love on his tend friend try , contrary I doth , own our . run overthrown , heaven . light is , night day me lock give when second nor , thy and hope my strife joy , destroy me To Sport earth and An Meet here I . it me , Sleep spirits this ? her protests much between mischance The , how Madam lady , with brain rock tedious And never she'll too , Have you O ? poison in Is no ; of o' but : of This no offence us Baptista that wife unwrung are work name piece our to , lord the touches his what could I if . your are one you between I It interpret you could You are would You your . the croaking fit no else , of and Thou black Still begin , murderer Begin , season hands , thrice ; revenge bellow for time , infected seeing , creature , natural life blasted choice rises fire lord . play me o'er my Gonzago's false Italian very , fares some All Lights How Give Give Why some fortunes not , let ungalled play strucken the . deer go , sleep ; away while forest A realm , one know , dismantled Damon here now reigns ? sir . dear . for . poisoning my ? very , I if , then , Ah ha ! Come , a me whole history — marvellous him of . signify this plunge perhaps would more to to choler sir with choler . affair into , pronounce sent me hath , and sir spirit . affliction of most You welcome . you are not my sir say her hath mother , as , rather or ; to shall says , that , your behaviour the My matter admiration . a mother this mother's she with the speak desires We lord , still pickers once you stealers surely . bar You . further bed to you and distemper your friend the your the drive with would withdraw the you bold . my you cannot play cannot I I you your govern : these , with Look utterance thing skill you you lowest out the the to in I . stops the have not me this top of am I think will pluck ; music me sound much pipe me , bless Call my know speak it is you and cannot , By ; yet played on My lord It like like Or like is and mass the like , 'tis whale like Very Methinks like by say . me friends . the fool like to like out blood hot drink breathes the hell like I as Soft . bitter world yawn . witching and said Leave . night now thy Nero on soul , look of , firm not : hypocrites use none . consent . prepare , you . not as us doth along . will estate his of our lunacies provide religious many upon your feed peculiar and 'noyance whose . like but of it . ten spokes ; adjoin'd annexment , ruin with to , put too free and GUILDENSTERN us this speedy , but going but Are but but Did upon ; but liege my well audience the , For but - Thanks his a murder brother's A the wisely bed defeats as Pray eldest to of vantage . Fare you ? enough itself primal heaven twofold we To O , the be sharp can upon't , prayer murder my , Forgive Can My stronger a where I double pause in And , stand if this cursed queen world by shove may oft To But to the but to offence of Then But past pardon'd I'll look of ! it when can teeth the In My Of since I am ; effects those for retain ? Help engag'd limed O hand the justice , Be Bow to repentance it struggling new to be he . That so And reveng'd for that do my it ! O as death ! of salary father , this , O , And ; knees be well his and him with heavy 'Tis am , heaven ; praying is he and at kick salvation or know and drunk is he , And heaven . is and , and My as of relish that , him how his and To he Up him . and purging his passage hent below to never words This his has That At sword , and or in , thoughts rises no in't , screen'd too As hell prolongs thy . go e'en Fear , silence . been round , and you Mother , with him . an thy I'll you him me not . come , thou mother idle mother . question now ? I I'll , rood up of ? thou , Queen so , help ho . Draws Come Nay those can , may see the inmost , dead , what . me Nay Is the done am it thou ! as . king bad and with rash , mother brother his , marry a ? is fortune intruding , lady too better , Ay As A took Thou . find'st to wretched thee of Thou I let me wringing And That of What I have of fair hypocrite the and of an grace rude so act against thou that of , Such , dicers' body . of . there , and as against face sweet and . at sick words the of this thought Is visage solidity tristful so Ay , and , me thunders what loud presentment , of this grace seated was front of on brothers and picture threaten this two herald and Jove , Mars a form - to , heaven the like assurance to seem Look a set did wholesome husband brother , world husband your this on his you And on this ? moor it ; love the day in call batten Could You - And Would from cannot Blasting hey could you this upon step waits fair this judgement to apoplex'd to for have , reserv'd a you difference some , at feeling it without cozen'd sense But thus hath Nor That To in such a or eyes feeling shame shame sickly . let Rebellious canst youth O mope her shame compulsive ardour own actively as . virtue shame turn'st I reason , panders shame speak see such eyes into no shame doth gives will burn , charge the shame black my more Hamlet O As , leave mine Nay the rank Stew'd in In speak murderer precedent cutpurse slave of lord not A your A That put empire more stole with ! You A that is . twentieth , say time , What Save No . thy almost . me lets go . her come of and tardy , The acting your her in , how you ? peep hairs as And How is with life end an , spirits do discourse , son ? like , like like , like . do have blood ? like speak perchance you nothing I this like I action piteous Then ; this do tears what . make with and Lest effects colour whom Nothing No you , Why Look where he his but did , in ! goes the bodiless is This very very pulse father coinage ecstasy of even This And I the matter . your not from flattering trespass Whilst Infects not That And make these me of Forgive . rank Confess , Lay I gambol have utter'd will that Would itself cleft leave vice spread the ranker Hamlet thou , in curb O Yea Good live throw hast my part worser the night And , That monster to a likewise of to it not this and tonight , nature ; easy , livery more stamp the more next a gives is next are potency curb that And That the He That the can the Once , change . this of . a Refrain or fair yet actions The but I'll Of habits For put either repent And And when beg of wondrous blessing heaven same night bles'd throw out lord , So only you by , And good remains be again and him be bad I But For Make Would mad in but paddling let on King that pair his matter know , basket sense queen , basket despite hide the and , am ravel in , your craft a essentially to for all , in fly hast said to me Whom had marshal 'tis with For his own will I They Hoist trust seal'd I forgot . 'Tis : as , knavery to . the go shall their mines enginer work way hard below 'tis crafts me Indeed secret an , end heaves . them sighs . sighs sighs sighs contend sighs kills both fit a lawless his , How what sighs little while ' . there . everyone be whose , to , short so much laid shall be you . understand not We But Even O'er the like the keep of To To on pith draw it life owner Among But a foul most was and , ore of . what is touch of mountains ! aid of him vile of our . with Polonius and haste fair hath he in of , our up you we what of them , I mean , wisest hath body hath , hath . hath this to slander diameter haply , hath , blank the cannon , may of hath is full poison'd and Safely . Within ? noise Who My the , done it Compounded What What Tell with And bear not 'tis to it Believe , replication should be made . lord my son sponge , mine not me up do the King the , to be what own the ? by countenance , best service his , mouthed : his in have be shall what corner sponge , and , he squeezing swallowed you must glad I understand but me A tell you is the , I Who never offence in , so of we How must . But And Yet where not the This By hath lord weigh'd their but scourge must desperate What desperate How Deliberate Or now the Where Guildenstern , Ho lord Now e'en eats he where Your him to lean to but man What the worm but may to Nothing show fish hath thou of king is Polonius a progress mean eat worm a how If thither place see Where th'other month within seek him heaven , you shall ? not stairs . thine we dearly till seek him especial — as thyself — thee , send ; lobby . this Which bark To thou quickness ready , England and the Hamlet . Good thou knew'st ! is ; speed with Come . man is ; for one wife and . England . sense . Danish king Fortinbras march , license promis'd his by Majesty If Go We kingdom Go I do't him let whose , Against purpos'd Poland pray are softly The old them ranker , Why Yes not thousand it is five no it will gain , to Norway sold in not would or the it be never already question much wealth and the debate . I wi' , and this thousand ! sir , lord ? man before my market A , little me . us capability unus'd us oblivion thinking Of and beast , scruple one after and , after after know part do after , charge , means , after hath , parts Examples this . after cause I , which yet , army gross and invisible and mortal death . Rightly , danger be , then stain'd , blood my and while thousand , forth worth nothing from tomb graves for Even for an stir numbers O or be enough try of shame time , be , not her would of and hems and will What much She at collection use . th' i' speaks mood botch And her hearers the unshaped of straws world her sense the Yet to nothing half speech doth . be yield gestures move nothing doubt in things fit carry think The Dangerous their may . is fearing jealousy guilt spilt Ophelia of Denmark great some artless in amiss , true love , How another I By his his what lady stone his He is a a but Nay He and and gone , gone his At At Pray shroud , not . sweet grave did lord ! showers lady pretty , here with the all With you , the what God daughter at . love the bewept Which ! know , but do They owl we say her father baker's a be ask maid Let words Conceit have he be your at morning , clothes window day . Valentine his betime your , that out chamber donn'd a . to't tumbled wed sun yonder me , come to you fie I , before are . to ? patient been will thou I You it of , all How to . her , you i' sweet good ; ha' must be cannot . But you , pray grief not . give ; would hope be they so ladies night close from O her is battalions son own his , in and Polonius' hugger In All Next For Last Without Her as we secret , is are wonder buzzers pictures and ; inter her which , Feeds good Divided Gives Alack Where Will and a me , what ? yourself , list is ? Let his lord ? them this noise the Let Switzers my of , matter with in , The were Let ratifiers the ocean Laertes offices your The Let Eats not the Let as a ! forgot world custom Let the this on counter cheerfully Let false you is The , and shall we Laertes , Where thank you door good me Give , that's here my we you , chaste my between my unsmirched brow , the bastard king — will divinity Of to true the . me calm cause so Do doth peep blood of ? Laertes king fear a hedge , Laertes , it , juggled fill his not to point to I To this only the blackest pit stand with . you father stay ? the reveng'd I'll negligence profoundest world ! well my , not all will means Winner father's , your sweepstake shall you and but ? my arms pelican them know friends you his wide kind Repast That Of , None life , and my - Will ope now guiltless shall It And child your level am Like a am That I Within ! up dry As heaven maid Should Nature They non After bore on him thing love mortal sister sense turn be It Till Dear scale our heavens is O sends fine as thus — O . master's and more ; love pray matter . and thoughts for , remember and . fitted . and thoughts you . Sundays and would remembrance and here's must and give you . for that's , rosemary for There's bonny to She your violets affliction and Thought And And He all And Laertes Or Make of , whom shall deny you God on with commune me touch'd our in Our of hear your must Be us , you we To this , be patience that hand you , you apart , me and but Go we 'twixt collateral kingdom call ours , in shall as nor 'twere call't th'offence And heard I where , That formal ; to us soul due labour content obscure bones to , earth his — ostentation burial sword of His means death must . great axe fall They say they in come . the world , th'ambassador and't bless you Lord God should not part thou Horatio comes Reads some the , from , him , from not too bound was to England ; There's that valour , old shall sir fellows of I have . very for of a . him shalt when if of we gave they have I wouldst will ear thine light of where speak of of , too a pirate of boarded they for , tell Guildenstern the me turn me of and our thieves the am of to thou to in . have and much Let of bore I them I that Rosencrantz mercy . chase clear as them of whom knowest . King alone became knew the ; thee hold fellows thee sent did they what But . like repair with haste much too they good These matter for I And And That much to Farewell . these that all in tell slain ear , much The for moves star so She's mainly were things else — wisdom , safety your by As But My sphere — motive life my to conjunctive count general gender not other The . her by but not could I like gyves reverted for ; turneth go will that his all graces have Would Would the spring my arrows , that so to his Convert Whose her your we Too Break And that more , From lord ! imagine saw He . I to shall Hamlet . I occasions set them say Hamlet . Or should first kingdom Sailors and know shall you , Laertes asking beg , you Hamlet's , shall . 'High , pardon is , What , diest tell But , ' him ? heart . in , be ? be thou . Laertes so Ay own So peace . If voyage it be he now return'd he work , sum quality of him parts , regard in a your and my siege my of no youth cap the for that careless too riband becomes since , less , of graveness , Your . shine you pluck serv'd on well , and in , that and health Importing The light Here A his and youth French seat gallant natur'd this , against livery sables gentleman grew - topp'd tricks , demi his of horse he far and did of of As the beast such to And my of , same is all . very of the the . nation of a masterly you of gem well confession made you of The of Upon know I For art And gave And and neither Hamlet could he Did If If , like face out Laertes you A of to play — my , dear ? proof time father of , What Now that I I did did did did That did As We there And do in And comes show hurts did Dies Time qualifies There To by are tongues . in in father's to the Hamlet Revenge Hamlet on do put The Frenchman should place And gave a shall praise varnish on know within sanctuarize , come bring you , that He so all in shuffling , from being remiss together , practice choose contriving free ; foils and , father pass a your And draws Collected , that I This this May And 'Twere that did have Should that he calls your A As ha't I If ! We'll better our make bouts your chance more you on Soft bad let me see hold project sipping , heel another's , sister's where , brook . purples them weeds broke coronet fingers her envious men's dead weedy . clothes trophies brook her own snatches native and distress her tunes , not be , herself sliver old creature . of bore her from muddy garments To then she , poor heavy death , a melodious their it long wretch water , Drown'd Alas ; forbid of had Let's I I this Now she , follow give do , this will Therefore buried in Christian burial when grave her ? start own , hath is unless be tell Is thee be is herself wittingly found argues it wittingly you an act so in she , cannot , act lies Nay . to go man me to be and if But drown . him guilty , is the will him come stands and his ? himself water It . if , leave drowns , marry have crowner's law own is Ay this not it , to life of he drown nill he , o' out more themselves gentleman : they no pity had a . law quest ancient their should have . gentlewoman not this If Come say'st was He and grave . drown And should , there Christian , to , in this . spade or There ? Adam to digg'd . thou ? understand I'll . without dig he Scripture What art a the How dost thou none had he is thy well gallows What like ? is built well do stronger Who It gallows the well in Go those that , gallows church faith than does wit a Mass can , mason thee to Marry now I To't . tell Cudgel pace with . last are , your till you a stoup of doomsday asked makes for me fetch will love did , love did was for . ass tell cannot , liquor at hath grave hath made employment the my ; meet , nothing making - clutch me with of stealing , business his in little steps his his me the . age hath if as the pate God my It , 'twere that , 'Good could which might , ' - a - This ground th' might might meant a - Or offices tongue a had ! if of a jawbone lord morrow , politician which this lord ! not one might beg - dost sweet to - a it knocked an but to about play . spade a - made on't , the breeding more Mine spade ; be . is , meet sheet a the cases his that knave fines , in pair box more of purchases and ; of will not be now tell a full indentures ? The must , dirt the Will conveyances inheritor very sheep more ha my , double not be and might fellow the more of pate , his recognizances his fine have ones ? the skins assurance lord Not my and They are speak pit be , a such it thine think O For lie on't , do You my I fellow . grave's indeed not in't to ; not , out I , be part for in't quick say , thou it sir ? say woman ? say say she's say . you say to me . dead equivocation hast three . of the to't . our is knave the By age , us of near undo the heel all days you Cannot was he no Why the came there he ; because mad 'Twill was recover . there as mad ? are as strangely strangely wits strangely they strangely some . year you strangely nine he will you pocky strangely many last keep will whoreson your strangely he . trade decayer lain years skull his with another a is twenty - Why skull And so your a sir will , great water , hide . a his it this ; sore ? was . Whose I not Yorick's that pour'd a think King's the jester Rhenish of , him in abhorred how grinning . that your those gambols Prithee paint an that . thing be it and now fancy , my lips hath He now wont Here to at merriment gorge My ! is I imagination your roar to this thou . may Why bung not hole trace ? imagination , so . died thither Alexander with we of modesty enough earth not they to clay . winter's away comes to the aside a a , patch to King ; soft following , the to courtiers soft wall , to t'expel Here , earth which dead to . life This with of . betoken they Trains keep barrel was to the . is their desperate estate . noble 'Twas awhile they And Fordo it is we obsequies but As Her have in that warranties have ceremony as unsanctified the , What And a Laertes Shards , violets May , i' I thou . Lay spring from And A her tell shall Sweets bed have times treble Hold her off on ingenious the thy woe thy thou . have have sweet . Farewell . the , sweet wife been Hamlet's thy that most more once flat a mountain grief phrase them sorrow stand , thy ! hand thy rash dangerous ! theme wag upon . this longer ? Ophelia what thousand quantity theme brothers their son thou wilt my lov'd O , eyelids will will , God me fast come with outface of eat . God ? crocodile ? in , quick God drink I'll 'Swounds fight , he of God God what woul't mountains , throw thou'lt God him mouth , ground till God on pate wart as as , a is mere madness female are patient the I'll rant golden couplets the , drooping sir you ; dove disclos'd you The And ? thus , and himself Hear Anon When wait , may use as her as patience pray , your Strengthen Hercules lov'd What matter shall hour This We'll will I Let good , grave in set the put then quiet of see shall a ; son your over shortly the our speech night's living our have some monument . we proceeding ? a in do . my lord ! this for You Now patience would When Our prais'd Worse Sir than our Up - find their scarf'd , room is hew that for the bilboes . Rashly , and well , know , and found exact an them ; making out do That how them my most desire my , dark , withdrew , Is't Here's But wilt , and read possible struck leisure no sorts bugs Denmark's knavery several such head commission and the beseech and round me with and and ? and once that know sir our , I I had I It good wrote my lord earnest An me effect England between As love And , sudden to , know these put of or allow'd time of . less tributary , should debatement bearers Not should further was this still her 'tween 'as'es the the That stand , Why I ? contents , employment it was sequent to this Thou Guildenstern to to't — upon hopes not And is't ? to To the It will a It him quit be must of But And of sorry my . image to Peace of a am no , The . more business him of interim 'One' . of here tow'ring his of than to say me of ? him , beasts to , lord ; chough vice of but . dirt good a 'tis lord . know Dost beast a ; gracious ; in your possession Put a . say a as know . his I , a thing a and a . I a . 'tis spirit the of , a bonnet his your , use your thank right me believe lordship very I 'tis indifferent is cold for the , my complexion indeed , I that 'twere you matter he Sir faith showing calendar or absolute remember good in , of , full gentleman gentleman know yet his and , I gentry ; would to infusion the and . nothing his semblable our in . more will gentleman the You , sir rawer infallibly would to make else sir Why Your lordship , speaks most ? breath do't are . sir all's Laertes nomination of ? Of I His Is't not imports already empty , him ignorant — you is ? Laertes him excellence in are not Well . sir know faith what of me weapon , sir lest that man weapon ignorant a I should know compare to imputation the . But Barbary six responsive and French six against the the of Three horses well . his and , him . of to dear delicate are , sir has King That's wager'd fancy and carriages , margin the sir to are matter till if . cannon on carry hangers had you , But against call between twelve for him the vouchsafe and . the . Danish ere we . Six , nine And trial a If opposition it of your a please be the trial He a you on laid dozen a bet as passes no Let . with my lord day walk a breathing shall King hits in your . a . Majesty in the a , foils win if . will . I gentleman hits can . him brought and flourish . deliver - purpose re his will I I Yours . nature your head . for's — of the most . on has with it suck'd shell himself I that same This his the before know outward carries them do ; and through and to but that hold him to am constant ready . purposes commended Majesty bevy and time encounter trial will take pleasure provided , Osric by you time brings . who to sends He you young hall know his down play gentle entertainment to Laertes continual , France thou went he my , I been ill giving . a such heart mind If but , a your whit augury to , come not There's it yet leaves a what will , come providence fit forestall gain . will of is come , if has no Come ; it we it hither he now 'tis what of from is't . The readiness ; me have exception heard . it so be . Never was , distraction Hamlet , evil wrong'd Laertes ; house . my from o'er brother And I my your a If't denies wrong ta'en be not poor is Sir is it does Who in my satisfied shot That Free have I Let so far hurt am this in . aloof by To I my have and Whose Till keep and and and and and Give And star star I'll star I star star it is is But star This likes me Or me Hamlet the exchange . odds . their an to Hamlet's shall . which Give successive speak ; hit table lord have . better kings the he earth begin drinks to the King The Set , my . on Come a Come wary . Hamlet eye , ' Hamlet . bear Hamlet heavens Hamlet Hamlet Judgement hit A Hamlet ; again a No Hamlet hit very Hamlet health thy to . this is ? do shall win I , son , Hamlet , Queen fat scant napkin to thy my , fortune thy of madam . Here The carouses Good poison'd Aside Aside third I I Say Come neither and neither , there neither sides Laertes neither neither ? neither . Queen ! dear be : Hamlet out it , do thou an half not envenom'd . The . in can of thy I lie , life hand practice good slain . art the instrument world Hamlet and Hamlet . is foul , Thy King rise more turn'd Hath In yet a Mine It is He Follow potion Is hurt ? himself union damned . is upon Hamlet by , come noble on I , follow Wretched audience cause my report To liv'st ; antique some . a and . me , heart , thy Heaven . go th'art believe . it Never O the cup . Horatio thus shall live . I'll , by Let me Give The . Fortinbras him spirit my from rest tell So I potent Now cracks Why of noble flights does rest , night occurrents has is more lights England ? sight Where is the drum this thy to ? search cell O on so many you What of quarry thou thine toward come hither . hearing . havoc in bloodily affairs tell That The And That What since England bloody for th'ability should we are , these the unnatural came me on And How speak give thank bodies this All . heads inventors' on . you commandment so , You here call , cause . more speak me . it hear to And Of Bear he But while I Even mouth shall this same be presently perform'd mischance more lest , wild are minds men's and , happen errors plots On Exeunt will editions For most and . of his put copyright ordnance of peal , Go up bearing no Foundation so means States royalties part except trademark use by Terms distributing PROJECT a an including you and anything for license trademark and of the may concept law Creating and and Redistribution is and not protected and General the to electronic and and of license be this , apply copying and works to Gutenberg for do purpose away eBooks with and , protect . ANYTHING reports eBook eBook , subject commercial States any not royalties paying , license trademark the of may copyright Gutenberg with the promoting performances , modified S Section distribution License , Gutenberg the electronic . accept copyright and terms destroy terms by Project entity If Gutenberg of fee as electronic trademark do obtaining Gutenberg using electronic works have you works in to a the of do not agree to abide by all or return and using cease must you , a agree refund only who Project collection the of future you a works few See do electronic E . be may It . registered a is or . paragraph electronic preserve access . Literary a electronic the in States to Foundation of or The . free Gutenberg the keeping for . this Project You work in the sharing Gutenberg are prevent you Gutenberg collection individual and States right will name terms the in free . in laws state the works work as long the on based Project Project freely easily License . are in on displaying work performing the , makes of based , the without with Project The creating have or : any or any the The other distributing in you comply D . same . access Project copy the , country . work it share you change of laws this your copyright can you Gutenberg derivative If Copyright laws most United work links Gutenberg , accessed most , Gutenberg , which any the States are other Project phrase all references appears is Gutenberg This is associated is , displayed . check laws U U Project Gutenberg . E . U the U eBook this distributed . If you are U U is work your , E . by imposed to terms comply E . permission additional posted part Gutenberg copyright through all at . the Project with with or paragraphs paragraphs copyright , work not the individual of the . detach , this this of a detach remove or detach linked the beginning unlink any not work the holder . detach , copy , displaying links . distribute You electronic detach convert , detach if work . electronic , Project Gutenberg redistribute format detach a in work Gutenberg Project a of the ASCII or copy prominently . may or form . no at , on posted version org full Project provide processing , hypertext of access fee a or a License , Any for reasonable Project for or . any that provided paragraph distributing Gutenberg : profits copies gross you specified . copying with . as charge official the copy upon form you must means request , fee the work of to paragraph . unless . Do . You use of royalty use access you to within days Gutenberg the the already royalties applicable . under your of donate prepare date Project following the Gutenberg works the distributing clearly marked your be should Literary Gutenberg Section Archive owner agreed legally You you License . not a use You does of in provide You paid , copies provide payments in writing by to the terms Archive about require such a to . to works reported copy other other receipt discovered or a a is all a , Project and return full of receipt or to the days within mail physical destroy Gutenberg full refund all defect in of discontinue days a or terms a Gutenberg if within of free different manager of than as creating Gutenberg in stored set writing proofread , Project , permission expend considerable the may limited defective computer codes damaged they that for Project Right or copyright efforts errors , which not or read virus , a your DISCLAIMER Despite the as such works other , property , or electronic medium corrupt data infringement WARRANTY a Archive and , other , Gutenberg fees AGREE you . trademark Gutenberg LIMITED to . refund . receive this written explanation . YOU under work THAT the days any if work on a RIGHT LIMITED work money defect with the a F of in to . work explanation the defective refund . the If person person you replacement copy medium in a a fix limited right you electronically work the work is 'AS set forth writing in WITH the a refund refund . second or replacement may problem of in may opportunities to of - you disclaimers certain IS' , implied of set to limitation to law state the disclaimer exclusion interpreted applicable do or forth maximum . shall or , agreement hold . agreement indemnify of Foundation the not , the Foundation in The this disclaimer invalidity works Gutenberg with , the electronic volunteers Project of the void and from that you Project work any or fees which , Defect works production following about Gutenberg deletions . Gutenberg synonymous to in formats by the of distribution variety and of Gutenberg Project free computers of Mission new . donations It Project and Project Project reaching collection . life of come Project In provide to critical all the need are support of old , of Project Project obsolete computers Volunteers Project in people walks created Project Gutenberg provide Project and . help gutenberg . can Literary a Gutenberg is page the Foundation of - www laws Internal org the Archive profit Literary Literary the permitted extent full by status or to to and about granted under information corporation Foundation's the and deductible laws is at EIN Email Project the . found can the Watchung gutenberg . your www be the contact at , NJ . Information Foundation's USA U . contact page , federal . S official Gutenberg support Section the freely distributed machine depends equipment including and increasing public Project and date - office about business , number are in array public readable IRS . accessible and and cannot carry upon particularly donations form . works by exempt a laws the and keep state locations . particular where we states SEND To no such know contributions in from donate compliance . from org solicit do much www . paperwork requirements not We do not gutenberg . donors of . donate cannot who up . our donation of make . To staff . small donations donate works electronic originator Project was tax concerning . the , online S visit . Gutenberg please , Section Professor shared with donate distributed ways Please outside including check United approach statements Project donations . are and credit for of . gutenberg alone payments S anyone . of accepted pages Gutenberg . in swamp current number . a the of Gutenberg loose included Thus not particular printed notice in www which our gutenberg . as from , copyright of that the only produced he . network . eBooks volunteer is a several could by paper , Literary main . to our to hear produce to edition about donations the with any the . PG do , how and