Who's Stand For this relief you had quiet ? cold . Marcellus bid them . Dane ground . And Give you Stand them of my honest , this . hear think I Friends good soldier who you ! what piece , A Horatio Say Horatio him , has Barnardo Welcome . Holla of have 'tis dreaded , seen , him us along entreated watch this belief of , him this come to . hold night , apparition the fantasy our , awhile Sit once fortified two we so What have against , seen Well are With He , our if That Tush approve And That of beating , hear us Last his made Look , comes it . Horatio , it then that's that and like Mark fear with , it to speak like not Most harrows . wonder me the it it , spoke form warlike . be It . It like What that majesty buried charge Denmark with is ! Stay ! 'Tis will not speak away stalks pale ? fantasy than . look tremble more think this Horatio not What , Such the it not Is Without When jump at dead on the an in 'Tis strange , and to I know not our this hour . ice watch twice With Good particular gross and scope our of my knows that watch ; me , tell why And the such foreign this toils And such the for subject most and and strict same nightly the week . of our world a , him Sunday compact Hamlet ? by appear'd Fortinbras us Norway pride esteem'd lands , cov'nant young design'd the of vanquisher our the Was forfeit he gaged ratified combat of Fortinbras ; which valiant seal'd to moiety had strong unto which enterprise , I of . source this main father to compulsatory doth food a , And of , And As this our those by no , head . figure portentous and it , state our hand lands the to ere graves The mote it question most the trouble our and armed Comes sun to precurse omen together preceding earth and , soft , our climatures the and in gibber the like even the of fire sick the harbingers But That And it sound to thing . may avoid , earth death thy which Extorted Or For they Speak Marcellus my partisan ! in uphoarded , O the speak spirits womb , of 'Tis here ! strike Do do offer it it it show air the malicious blows as And For To We It his Th'extravagant or of god in the sea then speak vain mockery heard , his earth probation long celebrated night hies herein the 'gainst crowing of ever object and day ; in spirit is the of they and so witch nor , I fairy No The It Some To say our that all spirit then hath gracious , are takes hallow'd , and morn of up what ; us with , hill clad believe the power dare singeth no no mantle to strike abroad , charm . time . it advice to him him we we find pray shall , you Let's Where yet memory The , of Though I Yet contracted so green grief in , one hath Cornelius To hearts far in wisest brow woe ; kingdom befitted brother's that and now this sister remembrance with sometime jointress as with a dirge delight dropping and we one 'twere , and herein to one in equal to , For that along Taken Our state be by Holding a disjoint dream our of those with his of bonds fail'd with not Importing the to this supposal , death Fortinbras worth : of much have , frame lands law this is of uncle , for hath He our To Norway the bed - all with and of lists gait his herein ; in that you proportions we dispatch hears suppress scarcely nephew's and further bearers For that In and doubt We , now what's heartily farewell your duty duty allow more , King let ; To cannot , And You whence show in your return lord to and To Yet thoughts And lose your more not my more hand bend your father's , hath He Dread my duty I them and though favour now My my , toward duty laboursome his do lord Laertes it and more , hour best , kin clouds than still cousin my , hang too the , off much like thy Denmark . you friend vailed lids thy thine And Thou Hamlet am I a on dust nature noble common through common eternity be , madam Seek Passing so it , with not ? thee , not madam , Why Ay 'tis not for look in , lives . seems suspiration . eye seem indeed breath I of inky it particular ! denote actions forc'd in black , good , of . show visage the These a that truly me in your passeth suits of moods all are the within play might lost the a and bound ; father father woe your for condolement . most a common , to fault a , against heart should the must vulgar to common theme , heaven still that who and corse of reason the dead whose to as ; grief , a our most , understanding simple and fault earth take school you dearest immediate father to toward the You As 'This of This Than must be father with Do In going that are And we It I stay with thy mother thee shall rouse away shall drinks come ; unweeded God unprofitable world in nature ! this two , this not mother to garden this ! come was and gross and to old month is him ! of winds she appetite of Heaven Why ; increase if remember on think on't — or Frailty she father's even reason , tears , tongue . unrighteous her wicked to . cannot your you lordship . forget . ever lord poor your The I Nor I you your no . so own in deep see your fellow father's . violence depart truant ear my hear it are , Elsinore what of truster know drink to see my was , Indeed prithee I I ever father see My Did coldly I met forth Horatio furnish Horatio In , my meats in . upon The had methinks ! marriage . king was my father heaven . Where eye he in . yesternight hear . deliver while a these gentlemen distill'd eyes , surprised walk'd , This to did third not length fear - cap them they of . and made , true both kept the , good time they him impart act fear watch night the to with ; your like . me each . comes thing them dreadful the in . it ? address did , our duty loud away . haste true in down writ it know tonight of it watch , 'Tis we , indeed let but . lord . this and , my BARNARDO red A And fix'd I with moderate . like very haste much , much much , much was I much His much beard Not much 'twill it assume I was will my , hold you it Upon And your visit I'll platform understanding duty , to Our I eleven you ; still tongue . well twelve no and you spirit foul still sit my earth play some father's , give . sister let . Do , embark'd as hear from do winds the necessaries o'erwhelm , not assistant the , doubt you me doubt is But And doubt And you not doubt , of a of ? trifling youth , suppliance No and more so more doubt no permanent a , in doubt not this mind loves Perhaps he doubt ; lasting fear , waxes grow . Think nature In The Grows sanctity is unvalu'd of choice yielding if he that whole be says ; your loss voice saying so particular he head voice himself For The And Unto Carve therefore in weigh the Than If credent danger . strokes or is maid shot the his heart To ear you Denmark or which is no sustain songs his chaste , too lose it And or If galls , then wary Youth or itself blastments best though safety liquid dew of , or or ; are libertine to do heaven are treads . are . are are are my , shame with , vulgar no , you . tried ; in entertainment steel memory of adoption means no their hoops thoughts . but hast not But Grapple Those thy unproportion'd character Be thou with quarrel th'opposed thine man's each not express'd they of For Neither For And it be false as the a borrower in And a France dulls , of self the . thee night the edge lender and husbandry . be day both then follow borrowing loses must you go humbly canst my ; and tend lord my leave . this , in friend ; What And shall , Farewell remember the : you bethought very hath he most you so must — oft 'tis put and and of yourself . bounteous , me yourself I tenders to He lord Affection Unsifted ! his as circumstance a late , You perilous , lord tenders I should what you my ; think like , such Of , you know believe Do teach these Pooh I'll not — Which , Running Or . Tender wind the tender of me fashion . importun'd speech go ; with love to it the light Set your not must in the a Be Lends And Ay Ay When to all burns , how blood more something in tether few , and which sanctified plain so slander they are show brokers Lord walk ; is pious investments , time ; for leisure , young Hamlet ; suits moment the with talk ; you ; Lord all this Hamlet ways your come ; lord from forth nipping , terms any . shrewdly it and it , I think it the held I Wherein What Indeed doth this , tonight his the is then my lord ? custom , takes thus . out , here a observance west . nations at indeed and of it And More That though Or though habit Since By their o'ergrowth cannot mole nature though , defect though , not them guilty ; grace though undergo of that forts of and his chances though though doubt take as Fortune's — Being virtues Doth of breaking Oft else Nature's plausive manners pure star , fault Bring King , with To spirit heaven or , Look com'st speak to such Angels health thee . father Hath thus the , What we Wherein Have That Be intents wicked royal thee canoniz'd thee I'll questionable , call me tell sepulchre thee in why burst thee , corse their op'd thee To thee thou cast That thee Revisit'st dead hideous With thee is Say Making ? some alone go go no means with more not do you Look It speak then will go I by . ground go go waves go will No Do what set soul for my go my Why do I But again . base into of summit some And horrible do pin's fee that reason , form cliff my to , fear a it as roar beneath more very o'er dreadful assume follow lord . of Think me . my follow it many toys his sovereignty ? Which might That not off you your shall You rul'd still cries fate petty this . shall Nemean artery nerve gentlemen . go out Unhand of him . him obey on me the as I call'd Go Nay Mark wilt Heaven not me Pity poor ghost but shall thy sulph'rous So Make Would To tell purg'd tale thy two eyes a crimes day for And Doom'd I foul the Are ears To If thou Revenge his ever . eternal But flesh most me most to , that , and foul Murder , foul as foul meditation strange in the I or to my That I As Rankly Is not And witchcraft , O of and wit Mine With wicked seduce my So will The Hamlet , of Ay soul ! seeming virtuous shameful gifts beast adulterate traitorous have dignity ; air my virtue But hand love whose , went it And methinks me My But ! custom always my of my in uncle afternoon within hebenon ears a thy the did . bed never it as a a the stole orchard , of it body man hour of . be juice Upon secure porches distilment , vial posset the crown Most was , vile by blossoms smooth made , disappointed horrible , in O but imperfections most my to of sleeping blood , bark'd it mine , thy . heaven , once , fire well her leave ; thou thee bed damned horrible lodge bosom to soul royal hast luxury nor let her aught couch Let not the her sting those to Against thy and glow The And mother shows adieu . uneffectual Remember matin thee pale to 'gins , I ! grow instant thee fie O not a my ? past records memory ! I set so be , and ! villain down , Denmark villain . there all copied Yes matter and Within Unmix'd My one That , is 'Adieu you it to me sworn't . ' Now . smile am least uncle HORATIO My Within Lord secure . Hamlet him ho Come boy , Within Within . Within ho news , What No you'll , tell it my , my lord Nor I reveal lord heaven by , and heaven my an knave . Denmark , grave the part you desire own , part — and the i' without that and for hath business And Why , as it your it is Such I'm sorry they There's Patrick too ghost to . And what scholars We , you My tonight , friends between now poor my , we and what MARCELLUS . not will but , faith In sworn Upon , my , my lord lord , my not , upon indeed . truepenny seen . sword . swear fellow this you have , Beneath Swear of my that my oath to . sword our this by we'll gentlemen . strange wondrous give and help , philosophy , I soe'er so bear shall times seeing an put stranger thus stranger , some or antic strange As stranger you Or we know' pronouncing stranger , To or stranger at , encumber'd stranger How , as , in Than With That hereafter of 'We or at . man me , spirit Beneath what is his to you is to So Hamlet I together do set to go do do Nay do , That time ever do was of out I come and do , Reynaldo Reynaldo ; Look in are said his I intend did well means it demands knowledge distant encompassment know your do at and expense , what and , lord what , as Than As Take That how Enquire , By this company And particular , come of and will his him , friends ? lord very , say he's , but he and What part As sir , such wanton , take wild liberty youth ? go so dishonour another season but seem outbreak the of a is as , That meaning not they : and may may would in it scandal to fiery taints A But my of savageness in you do should then does He mass the , good sir — At , consequence' : 'I , t'other day gentleman the marry , as — rouse say , now you ; truth of forth a and do windlasses indirections with find wisdom directions . of assays , former my , takes of or me With Observe I his Good my wi' , have yourself . his lord chamber . affrighted sewing with , as his was I , lord . what's been have so look , upon and foul'd , hell me loosed gyved his his Ungart'red Lord lord - down shirt if horrors had a hat No My Hamlet stockings , fear it hard ; me held I but , wrist length draw would thrice his thus shaking of my o'er perusal . little head He a to so Long said to to such hand thus waving a did his over shatter way his , piteous go , on without without shoulder he me , and he doors And end And to go As . very oft have under will fordoes passion hard denied command , late you access That hath repel lord did ; his me . might to love , provoke you sending . transformation Hamlet's nor that . nor the I Something so th'exterior was death much More being dream days cannot And I so vouchsafe neighbour'd Some That you That Whether So And whom to so your profit our us and will it awhile good , king's king's your bent the king's Guildenstern king's king's king's and and and and . visit and you of . some is and practices to amen . Thou hast Are lord to do not the that it I do trail — cause policy I lunacy to grace do My that distemper hath found hear . that son's he your but the main . sift o'erhasty . Norway desires , return , he greetings which , first Voltemand Say But falsely To be levies preparation into the hand in so It Upon His him That it give three commission , With levied entreaty to against to for set well consider'd you thank we Meantime and at , our at And more likes upon night your . wit and day soul outward , night the brief for since will And nothing What to your My What More art . and son true mad ? is time and , Your that swear , 'tis true I for . the we Mad effect out cause of this effect now no at figure . mine by And of the and defective comes beautified — a remainder obedience vile Ophelia . to I awhile stars , my phrase But these numbers move fire from Doubt , Good the to at never , daughter hath given by , by his ear , of love his ? receiv'd how show'd O love . have , is it him ; machine . me to you might love think had daughter your , But Majesty my had my heart desk queen , table idle here what must hot this seen perceiv'd it so love me this winking the , done Fell , into That a , thence this raves , he all wherein for , by and madness And Do we , a a my . her advice tokens of , make to , declension wail this very likely . fain so ? ''Tis said a time , prov'd it Take the walks may Here So find indeed will I , try behind I I'll a Be not the you be such If reason fall'n state . assistant farm try . loose loose , then loose does indeed him to an my he loose loose loose , not a it , both away loose leave will wretch you I'll I would I , so were Honest Excellent , of ten , my That's in sun the , as this dead daughter ? good , you have sun . daughter Aside I by if carrion , suffered on not but to't as . look lord my . blessing a he very lord have grey amber men thick purging , though that plentiful old powerfully down a have it like crab set wit most lack eyes the that the should old backward you walk be , of madness , gum their ; I go yet my sometimes in't method my is lord air Into o' could are that Aside sir hams hold Though How on my delivered often that from take will between anything is A You well except old my my , contrive the not so , Fare life of prosperously I means sir , withal honourable cannot good friends lads children are in excellent My Rosencrantz . Good , middle of her ? button . of soles lord my Faith What Prison she , that sends good you But , O her news most true ? but lord Fortune of is particular . near , my that news your is at me . confines th' , o' many to not ; think then , my Denmark's the in one ; it bounded a bad king the have very and too is nothing either . or good a count . light quality substance a the merely hold and shadow but a a shadow dream . the court th' Then beggars' matter my , with most but , in a thanks halfpenny ; Is visitation speak ? at dreadfully my attended And sent Elsinore . you make rest thank Were say am my your anything kind , colour end good looks the in But confession friends visit inclining we me . consonancy of let To teach the the preserved ever you , with or by and even be But our what What . Guildenstern , dear for and you no you by , the ? more me you for . lost my were sent , so the ; lord have . feather we King indeed the a look , I the no excellent exercises , late most , moving apprehension thing majestical canopy earth and know this , goodly ; other a What firmament faculties , an like world , lord from if you , then . not said stuff to there though in My lord dust , by ? paragon , they knight the make , adventurous the hither shall those laugh welcome humorous the . What use shall lungs and part ; have the peace th' blank of the ; tribute lover halt players — Majesty in both players it they profit Even and the shall not gratis say players think Do players inhibition players so players No in aerie their , of keeps and so stages for't , they they it Do These call dare . of , the that — now not thither fashion come rusty is , question ? as them own their ; much are better ? no they children ? quality exclaim their common ? quills and out wearing they scarce players do it say money no nation question the to them . went about it is the there unless Is't much been do my carry of his . if . brains of his in philosophy , lived . those could , me . the and the ceremony are natural . with you yours mother extent fashion welcome is more like father lord aunt entertainment players to my are this fairly - what But you , garb but west dear and players Your come The tell I . than ? southerly wind is I That is You — old . hearer say man . Monday they of swaddling his Monday clouts in Monday Upon my Monday actor , you . indeed Monday . Monday , or - tragical for scene nor , pastoral heavy Monday too - comical and the - cannot - of Israel , judge . unlimited The best , of , writ be each came - what liberty my , passing he 'One What light ! that love ' Jephthah well and on th' What me not I Am you my well I have a daughter valanc'd to is glad see I friend ! What , my was most lot to As Why , wot comes . abridgement , am Thy . to't French the God . Masters a . speech falconers fly at of acted never was a a cracked Come give , it remember , I but once speech passionate the cried it matters in play the , my pleased not , within Pray ring us received as of and others excellent , it the that method and thereabout live If as might much — lord , an it matter tale Priam's , line : begins it me , speaks handsome , let Pyrrhus sable , couched Pyrrhus rugged Black , he heraldry he lay this Now blood of and more and impasted lend is a That mothers complexion fire , and a daughters Head dismal black the total dread he resemble streets light and in and Pyrrhus good with , grandsire carbuncles tyrannous fathers horridly . to trick'd foot wrath gore , hellish seeks Priam he Greeks , drives Priam to arm Repugnant to my God , Takes , as prisoner And painted his storm , below orb and . rack and , as heavens a neutral nothing see , some i' the For and blow flaming with , ear base . his to Pyrrhus' Which the winds in Priam like reverend the we a anon after than and synod less never vengeance the Aroused did remorse thou so , region armour sets new hammers - Pyrrhus' a proof Cyclops' Pyrrhus' you her from hill fiends long . beard . of ; Prithee . on say sleeps or , or queen' ! 'Mobled threat'ning that a upon caught o'erteemed venom , robe for tongue seen state , in About late With the But A blanket , her Where this had with made — sport she that move of burst have Unless The well he made passion his turn'd And in of heaven this soon their desert to them man have you their chronicles you and out , the you players better for thee speak every , man lord , report will after is honour after desert . The them Gonzago of Murder study lord a need and speech down ? would which thou Dost We'll ha't tomorrow . look , you not my . The a some of insert set lord you welcome lord peasant and a , that , working her from That Could not so That I Had to in he can the by Who A off as deep Plucks damn'd calls my me defeat whose and muddy dreams property and nose to beard . my pate across in it blows made I not the nothing - Ha With Why , what treacherous vengeance is hell , heart lecherous fatted bitter , 'Swounds But Prompted I Been scullion fall That the so proclaim'd have by cursing the tongue speak will the scene play malefactions no soul of at a ; father players , heard these seen , and I perhaps spirits grounds have , King he If spirit his blench but observe I'll the and that . quick The hath , the . thing play's of the The circumstance confusion , no he and all he does what harshly feels will with But Nor But would do from Get so Grating With He we we by a bring him find to state receive much our of free but like Did Of of to o'er But To of did seem it think I . They are him . have they order , players court we of joy Of certain , told , to hear We he ; and edge . me delights him him To gentlemen my Good drive And his Gertrude have 'twere by closely we as , Affront For Of shall beauties so his wonted you . virtues judge is that part good bring Ophelia — To — that to o'er visage devotion's sugar . much a O himself Read . exercise such here , ourselves That The prov'd And The Is harlot's deed to my with speech to How I him To O heavy Let's by The end To a of the die them and slings Let's heart - ache the of , Let's , question sleep Let's say natural , to troubles , consummation to Let's shuffled death — a to : may Let's , respect , life time , come sleep rub the mortal ay die ? end we , of proud and the , insolence bodkin grunt and dispriz'd pause . long the dreams this There's , love bourn spurns law's man's of contumely who love Must us wrong would That makes bear love , under Who ? undiscover'd us does make o'er conscience returns love dread of The of love love that that Is lose the name Ophelia honour that this for . that that orisons many a day that . well lord , of Good thank humbly Be ! fair does My That I I never lord with the words of more ; when , poor . perfume breath well their to ; There wax ; it Could , into a commerce than honesty the . our loved so but your with beauty transform . now from ? honesty can , old . relish made me deceived . of once you love for so am sinners I ways ? of all . put ambitious honest nunnery better , with imagination . What them indifferent that to thoughts At him in's own be such Why yet offences could I not to as do borne me accuse my I . them crawling , I and to fool the plague thou not thy for wilt you make needs too Farewell calumny . thou Be . escape powers . and , God jig enough . You well know go , O help ice marry as dost for fool a , farewell this marry To . marry of ! him restore another creatures The O , rest . they hath it , keep shall marriages nickname more as that God's yourselves make , the mind scholar's rose , a courtier's I suck'd see Now That That glass And honey Will set it down in . spake he like T'have Love ? Was O'er what And not Nor some do be demand his have doubt I the seas he quick shall of Haply the With This For . Thus It The need . heard . Sprung fashion shall from . My let . find be . alone with in where . him him , as his , what us all you not , play you Hamlet Lord lord it all hold To Let tongue ; it lines , all many , pray in It best ; him wisdom shall great must to you do in it offends you the players O , the fellow passion not gently for do of pronounced as . use you crier you , if - your the But , temperance town beget most too not Be word o'erstep the warrant tame that , own the honour neither the body show now overdone Suit the the off judicious censure the it the Now one of praise . that which unskilful , feature is purpose of let word your , not playing as . there highly it made I have we hope , well O set imitated , them those let and quantity a make Go of with clowns will no laugh then pitiful spectators them that be the barren this , uses the , though in . That's that now the Queen too , that players . to . considered lord piece two GUILDENSTERN hasten haste make Bid Will , Here Horatio thou art conversation service Horatio ! my my think lord . from thee flatter I dear lord , at as but I hast O As sweet No e'er advancement do may , not feed To , and equal , ta'en with what judgement , pipe . Give will that me Fortune's co And , passion's That are stop ay Something , As One There I blood A As Whose That To In my is sound mine censure my damned are comment in to rivet will imaginations Give will mine stithy In And we both his Vulcan's is not If And How Danish , Enter place . the Polonius Queen idle be . so feed dish ? others must and King a Get coming . A , Excellent I i' nothing have promise enact I . Caesar Julius to me I That mine did I you Ay him you ? th' i' actor . Capitol was you . did enact kill'd you a . that lap you ? mark more you attractive me you kill dear , ho lie my , shall here's . lord Lady here's Come No , here's King the good , here's . To here's lord ? here's in I here's , you a You are is thought nothing think , my maker ! your jig 'tis twice two months my man , looks . father black hours and a wear , not . two within's merry year he I'll for . and life his else or is neck leaves lovingly horse - hobby great , with King O Nay then ! and , Queen crown . Poisoner The with with gifts her , him kisses returns of . She body four is in ; of upon , dead or accepts some of The to of of Marry of , means ; it my seems it loth and carried , and in The in but love . his miching keep cannot argument . mischief players . all this Be . what they , Here We prologue 'Tis woman's brief thirty salt hath times thirty twelve hearts commutual journeys in count me from former , state sick bands did may o'er from is , But neither distrust Neptune's About In my as , is Where my And what is love I powers thee grow fears must this functions , leave leave in , great hath love your I quantity extremity made is fear too : and live the siz'd or , holds and , littlest great fair one as , shortly do and love kind — love their shalt thou Honour'd husband confound be , accurst the first ! my in be marriage husband in . love wormwood , instances Are base time what the do determine poor but , tree . kisses , memory kill of we think kisses believe kisses you what But Which kisses now pay kisses What most , grief enactures , doth themselves kisses doth slender destroy grief for a loves yet our on else question , 'tis most , we , a his or fortune hollow a want who For But end wills Our But thy and to needs hitherto doth him friend enemy I contrary of night , joy , my be prison in me lock give desperation anchor's here once hence widow and pursue , I , be wife , our own . dead , trust from opposite An and Nor a cheer . Ophelia My If she ever , now . sleep I me break sworn grow would Sweet dull lady Have heard you Madam , argument ? keep no ? world i' much protests The do they do is the Marry see murder , in Mousetrap shall ; and play his wife of Baptista that : a us but Let o' not . it withers free have our , interpret This You . if you between are would you and , mixture your — hands , of and Gonzago His how . shall wife . immediately dire weeds seeing ; and , fit drugs else , natural of Gonzago's collected thrice choice life wholesome magic Thy On choice He murderer choice frighted fares lights , some the . play choice choice . lights choice go , weep rest my players roses if the . Didst perceive ? of well , Very A the Horatio Ah ha ! belike Come Come O the Upon Why then well if For , Good history , lord me vouchsafe , in , what of distempered ? him and frame some richer him into put , With show itself sir I discourse my to me . you , wildly your should put tame most am , mother The Queen , Sir , my return of answer and your a wholesome . of pardon I welcome is the right shall lord diseased ? will , as . mother your wholesome a can , son says the wit's My ! mother a admiration mother's admiration this so Therefore O thus she to matter answer . But you say , and ? to into sequel bed you . further love these you us stealers do to friend bar . King voice ? the Denmark . your deny lack Sir liberty I do still , cause you pickers advancement while me recover my of one — grass — bold too would the the but Let succession , can that , I . beseech I Believe no know touch it most of these mouth cannot it I cannot with of me ! the out of top this would discourse finger your the . the not will I , would My speak Call speak pipe a make fret music from stops unworthy to sound , excellent instrument me . play sir with Queen cloud in a like backed It is the God bless me , shape indeed of almost like like 'tis like top the like like . and like say Leave and Now yawn When Contagion like and I heart the , witching bitter I thy now as the to bosom not . day let firm nature enter her not Nero soul words me speak tongue My give be she my and in them How , shent hypocrites ever mother use us with in so terms shall dispatch grow hourly you . you not with along may as . lunacies ourselves religious many many those keep Most will fear . doth provide Therefore it it and The all With That he to of near Out That not it but . mount wheel , highest lesser which things more , goes fetters sigh , free put upon alone Never a this speedy but , to too ROSENCRANTZ now we I Attends the boist'rous but pray but arras the but fear ruin but will , the lord but he's but wisely you you to liege my , heaven to smells Fare that nature call vantage makes some said I'll convey myself , o'erhear well I go mother ; begin , Thanks And my it as rank , Pray will , first intent bound mercy , offence snow twofold to this of I'll Then snow what , come for which snow my am me Forgive ; the pardon'd I snow the still foul of murder snow . snow possess'd fall , prayer ! O But down ere . queen , justice ourselves of What . bosom wretched Yet limed soul state repentance evidence the can more soft Bow what To O engag'd O the action . to be may pat And sole heaven now Now And might I so goes salary and hire grossly knows as ? revenge And Then pranks him will have screen'd and Grace And and your me . with heaven to . him you I'll Mother . hath been home to come stood here . silence round , him e'en not . mother coming , thy my have you come tongue . mother . are to you You brother's so . husband's ? now me forgot you the , it the , Queen your so , not You I'll would , you wilt , you , you part you can a help , Thou help ! do may you see the ho me murder ! help ducat Help Behind How now ducat what know ducat what I am , for ducat Dead and Almost As ducat deed a . O ducat and it the deed is fortune thy danger — fool Take . too be wretched thy be wring me wringing Polonius took let it custom proof have That If If Leave heart I heart To What heart heart In heart act blush off an of . there . heart such , forehead against thy tongue deed , brothers this this , act act thunders of picture what and , upon here station front the heaven and seem assurance of set indeed command , brow , himself threaten of Mercury herald - a Have you what mildew'd leave mountain Ha love . a a on world did husband wholesome this on You you And Blasting day waits But thus judgement Eyes without sight judgement blind true , judgement all was't judgement judgement judgement ? no virtue . fire let own ardour doth the is , hell in Rebellious youth speak in And To When melt compulsive speak reason as itself And speak Hamlet panders no more live speak enseamed mine ; speak speak , stole vice pocket kings more of A That hover o'er empire the of from What gracious of in put come time dread passion . figure to lets chide , go by . discourse vacancy mother her to it , do the with at as bedded , cause him capable this . piteous make form colour with conjoin'd — Do not I perchance to look to he do me , stones pale thy of Look ! cool heat and . and them true tears ? have what you To want Will Why My look Look And as utter'd to ; of for , madness love . ulcerous your unction word me temperately not which soul all , place speaks , trespass matter as makes That I Would Whilst rank . spread the times beg fatness . ranker of past , Confess mining yourself what him . my to to and skin corruption for woo vice in good , do my cleft half worser purer if not with hast thou monster habits a the away live . But virtue , of yet actions angel custom to Assume the likewise And That night And He aptly can lend a next easiness nature good and eat . doth this other the all mine it in have to go With And with this . the that , desirous Once devil curb the For To do repent me you potency shall put kind the abstinence The . almost of easy night shall word more no What by I do tempt bloat King you to : well answer will remains . behind kind good , be to worse bid damn'd his out let sober , know madness a , bat ? queen , fair a so would and secrecy you am not all good 'Twere , concernings in , dear Unpeg a from No , fly , the like basket hide essentially but the and the house's ape in neck have life made own down said I assur'd the For who that's Would paddock on conclusions if your break try birds no be , that , schoolfellows my it sweep fang'd adders I my , the have . yard and will they the own petard , below , meet and the one in them I with I'll line two set , man When now most sir in . delve into Indeed the most life still good the This one crafts work . room shall enginer you mother prating end knave grave . an and most . night draw a . guts Where matter There's is fit we little I have does ? How seen us . tonight contend lawless his ? fit and rat cries , rapier , Ah my ; both Hamlet . there kills of ! we to everyone man , In apprehension had threats us heavy good . a , when ' love ! 'A hearing something been whose it owner of from pith understand . short This To But the pure . apart a O'er whom Among itself very of weeps ! away mountains , feed gone ? touch some like , no Gertrude come for metals base kill'd is it what done deed vile hath , our shall this skill further , him . hath body hath : Guildenstern slain dragg'd the hath to , blank diameter to miss mean we what hath so friends do away up hath in you pray fair speak . him Come And let Gertrude , them whisper As Transports hit the shot cannon both , we'll know o'er air of . calls . Lord . GUILDENSTERN ! kin whereto ? the 'tis . my lord thence ? believe keep Do not not that , dust dead lord ? should mine , replication do me for up King your of I sponge the my made Besides of his king , in , again is mouthed end : not speech the us , when you tell is must , But , sir . like squeezing them , such , I of A but , is nothing me . thing to Bring body with Of , thing man we not , but scourge th'offender's smooth the and this the him To sending pause Deliberate sudden . Diseases must the so of seek to sent Yet I have How dangerous must lov'd , all away offence never This , my Without where's before know Bring , Now supper where him at eats Not politic worms king all fat but is eaten emperor A Where is ? Hamlet supper Polonius lean creatures where may with fish What that the man ! That's table , of a king and , worm through guts ? by if the find him into stairs . lobby th'other Send Nothing . you beggar how month this Hamlet thither that With . done , do thou , and , thine we — tender For The is Therefore the and , everything help , bent . For So , if it sees is thou them at it else That on England And Pays As must , haps my my Howe'er By letters the cure me . joys The Till hectic conjuring us sovereign Danish thy Hamlet Do it he know England , ne'er . Fortinbras ; with aught duty in so . will Good whose , Norway sir purpos'd They are , Against some Who commands nephew The Goes it We Truly That hath go pay five will then th'imposthume debate the of and no you thank shows dies the souls I and twenty of wealth breaks . man This How Why Will is That inward be spur chief straight with And If his that Will't all do you dull my he but A Bestial in before to thought which , say — some . unus'd , too oblivion made and good A market What is a man . reason Now and us feed and after and That Looking Sure with gave craven hath and earth exhort to , this thing's do th'event scruple be part not , means wisdom it , I as and such Examples army at delicate Rightly unsure and to argument straw such and , such great ambition tender , such , the and invisible , be event such puff'd , prince and mass such of divine . my such How , to mother in a stand a and while reason kill'd greatly But Go not of , sleep let of all The When That And Whereon Which hide My To She That the unshaped half to up , and make winks enviously carry Yet The Which Indeed botch And , Though 'Twere in Dangerous sick as in true nature . ill , is is ill beauteous itself of ill ? ill How ill now ? one your another By ill Nay ? And the is true his , what hat cockle I , shoon you He his At is Say At the my not showers go flowers ! lord did grave sweet with , be was pretty , you do say but you dild what Which Larded all , With God , we owl what not the Conceit They know no means , Never la And Let your Valentine donn'd chamber door . me me ; to't me . my bed cold patient . ground . me Come , me you good me it ; grief not come . good her sweet th' counsel good ; ladies deep Gertrude single violent whispers greenly Ophelia , author springs , Gertrude , O they death First ; their people Poor most muddied . all as from her are infect of keeps of our person to many father's death ear of , of , of arraign places of of this them his the , haste , list . flats , The but him head my overpeering Laertes , Laertes false you they to call riotous rabble were we and is The — the to props and are cry applaud , hands , Caps We you , counter come in . all , Sirs I . drop that's father brands vile . Of to What is my the Laertes , harlot bastard father door the . would — doth . looks cause Tell king fear hedge so not , what a our ? like , but peep . incens'd of giant divinity — will Where thus — I'll , not the profoundest the be his him — fill this , grace damnation , Vows — give only I'll to to him he hell — reveng'd ? father you be . draw loser and ? both the is't then speak . pelican ; 'pear , it for . judgement ? Tears virtue shall , young salt noise eye . wits Ophelia of rose . man's 'tis itself sweet sister possible bier hey , barefac'd , nonny him grave you thy and my revenge down matter that steward love , that's ; for And . and O ; he say you for . would joy my all to come favour good when a daisy father my passion again , bed again come death to Go And No And he , was flaxen beard His all of And on mercy his O with cast , gone . on will , on on , call us your ; on but patience lend satisfaction in we you crown on And Make Or choice If you we we Laertes , of hear by our we trophy No No noble heard , we call't 'twere formal obscure ; labour be we — we soul , we . to o'er fall . me with go great axe . you from as in speak with you . Lord they Sailors I and't , sir some , Horatio . two Finding days chase clear of , in ship thieves old to the sea ourselves , them . with me in thine ear will boarded and as so of like our boarded I grapple mercy speak and boarded Reads means at the boarded . as to knowest tell way , boarded that these me letters boarded thine they have thou thee . matter Rosencrantz To where And of must put hath these , not and proceeded , capital against in were mainly you crimeful Which But Is the great all but , his that general might not a love spring to timber'd have gyves the my by me Lives , as could I Break your her Stood worth challenger , sister slightly And if driven noble go I so And And That That lov'd , your hope And ! Hamlet This . not them saw He . by your them naked on eyes my When . them recount the set am your , strange thereunto and 'High were my Sailors Of Claudio that given Reads . and Laertes Tomorrow shall should Or I Are and . occasions ? 'Naked let my . lord him come . back hand . me teeth be it If That am And shall 'Thus be it should As Will you be so diest , and , tell If , his more No the an to voyage it . peace at own To You that did too , for needful What that the careless and in . in such unworthiest cap youth , parts of a quality for , my very riband myself witchcraft can doing incorps'd been wondrous such to And Had Here seen I've And settled Importing on gentleman and age of no sables a health , and serv'd against it his livery his , but this French seat , since topp'd and . natur'd horse of what he tricks thought my . nation same , Lamord very Upon all The . confession oppos'd Did swore you Hamlet so , could them That He If but , guard , o'er lord you sorrow , of heart dear ? to ? of by of of passages qualifies of wick of A of Not of And Time in in I I nothing kind Dies in in there are then goodness in when hath by hurts As We in That in , have his than throat To indeed know no this o' spendthrift hands is what father's your : i' th' should bounds , shall those varnish praise close on you bring heads , choose with being remiss , contriving in He of that the within Laertes chamber home death point touch that . gall I'll withal cataplasm a I'll for and the with unbated that in pass father . means should this drift our further that May assay'd , all no so rare knife in can simples blood draws Where Collected the Under but , from moon scratch'd save that both , Weigh if I may convenience our to us And this We'll make more motion wager in back solemn proof hot have violent drink nonce for chance the shape Should And he calls If One fast follow hoary a ! O tread upon sweet escape , Drown'd , where aslant in grows sister's heel , stream ? make and name them . her sliver fingers the , a give brook call did weeds wide spread they snatches of But native own could it their an long awhile . like she mermaid in But crow That maids pendant dead boughs an her an and purples long , an , be drink an , old of bore herself an , thou water an therefore Which Or that Pull'd the from not lay drown'd is drown'd , lord my , that it . Let's much I How follow to this I fear will had Gertrude , to are gone wilfully straight seeks . it calm when ! her follow her salvation Christian therefore and , cannot else found drowned on , her unless , argues herself it , an be and wittingly , goodman 'tis she to you . an and : himself ; good that law . the of life this is But , and Here this . you lies water Argal But not to mark drowns , Will Why should world to spade . There is hang pity or great no hold Adam's than . burial been quest own his If law a , she gentlewoman have folk their profession they a the heathen ? he he that arms without not dost none arms ? Scripture , Go thyself to — answerest Could Why a Adam . builds stronger that , than carpenter , the ; gallows do the mason the tenants ? either a shipwright thousand thou Now does . to carpenter , your question will say 'a his get Go , liquor . doomsday not , till asked for he when Methought pace Cudgel thy - with maker' beating The more Mass , no a . contract a no , fellow a grave hand - a a his nothing business him of the so a O a methought it in making , property employment the of sense daintier , knave the ass it that Cain's and As of - courtier o'er murder ! to had - ' This horse my lord lord circumvent might It one might , might which be could say 'Good more . knocked play made be - is the skull be that , cases , now to him of his of him , lawyer ? his be Where and the land vouchers dirt and indentures pair in this lie have , and shovel , scarcely be fellow , him and fine might . length lands the recognizances , suffer dirty This of his have of a no box must ? and ? The very conveyances my . out , lord calves fellow and are O speak They a . this Ay not to sheep Mine pit , clay sir lie part , be out For such thine not say therefore it is thou , 'tis . none woman no man then What . sir , her the these that his courtier been year of knave Lord picked sir , woman the it near days i' th' the By absolute us heel grown ! We rest three the - I , so age a Horatio grave kibe , galls came that mad that tell can was is since . that is that sent he long Hamlet ? born , was marry fool How was Ay Hamlet because he , be Faith in 'Twill , Denmark in been ? his with , have i' . years lie laying e'en I sexton what ground th'earth ere he , as we — you he of will keep your the earth whoreson King's do not a Yorick's pour'd skull poor . Yorick , the of Rhenish of ; it . and be your that , own grinning gibes , times at Alas . your were Here ? Quite let that at laugh . chop and now fancy lips how abhorred and , hung those that gambols your and set - th'earth i' and thing Make her one and tell . and ? Horatio he as that ; dust to stopping Why may uses base what and and returneth to faith not why into loam make And , but patch a stop Might Imperious Mourners Couch The soft aside Queen . maimed we and did the The Fordo obsequies very been death enlarg'd great in but Her far was ceremony a have warranties ground Her last She And Shards , Her Yet more on prayers , rites , command charitable the o'ersways unsanctified should pebbles . For allowed and burial . the dead be Of she strewments No ? to , flesh churlish thee , parted . of peace service . be such . the Sweets the tell unpolluted requiem th'earth maid , cursed that O not flowers . What I . minist'ring spring violets Scattering Fall of have Whose Depriv'd I Till Now ten times deed off ingenious , while sweet . Hamlet's have have to thou been in earth a mine arms . dead , made of is stand them sorrow have and skyish ? emphasis What Bears with stars , Dane the Olympus Pelion Yet Which let Pluck have For I him Hamlet hearers the . fingers The ! with quiet Gentlemen him no lord Good my Hamlet . love theme . this O do't , me show thou with with her , eat a to her in and , mountains prate on thou To Be Millions Singeing his of pate acres will grave whine ; on work will patient golden well fit the female drooping couplets rant When I What The cat Let will , him as that lov'd living your . may , what mew thee good your have shortly our , do You this shortly Remember it . shortly ; shortly be we shall other shortly ; shortly teach shortly well should ends let a lord ! was . sleep . our we , dark how indiscretion let the than be deep Rough our Our sometime plots - in me cabin is my from - own again ; commission royal Importing No , knavery fears with many the stay the , and several , and grinding in command reasons , England's my life , down — me fair , it my statists much labour'd sat , proceed a round with you it , prologue to I brains flourish good my conjuration , earnest An peace many That And I Folded was had even Subscrib'd it our , Why Does are man Popp'd hath , Why what hopes , nature ; employment conscience be damn'd there mine is interim the The him ? from known issue of shortly be must man's For by Into the a who , is right welcome back sir . gracious I is stand at the you waterfly . his say and him I thing his to a bonnet . your . is northerly indeed complexion 'twere I wind hot head . of cold and , signify me , hot it ; his your I for mine bade . Laertes , good feelingly him of continent he soft is suffers of divide Sir his him definement inventorially , is such extolment dearth mirror The ? Your else a soul make infallibly You in our ? gentleman spent . words are , of , know His you approve me ? did , Laertes of in lest should were know to for his meed in Well faith not dare confess sir that I sir know , his are You he as hangers it him weapons his hath very , fancy to carriages the against horses Barbary . Three , very most and liberal conceit and , well But to and the French you , call , might swords French , six The sir , would phrase our King shall immediate imponed sir margin . done had till it ? How And is brought your answer hold gain with here King nothing purpose time re . me in walk , breathing I To this the of I , hall I effect does He commend bevy the the . commend runs away he I and carries to shell , comply same to of the the , do that well and . them the , trial and . on them them outward blow them time his ; them collection them My to pleasure play attend in out them I In to Queen use you The constant am fitness and . Queen time . happy are to entertainment . continual would how thou lord me : it lord a a obey into . such is . There's it dislike but If whit , we , hither augury you it defy not of , will if . to to The be not are if your , aught has Come punish'd sore needs gentleman done take and , be Since , presence Hamlet Roughly Was't If when Hamlet it of Hamlet's poor is in audience enemy and Never honour have with I , proclaim ? himself not does madness far shot my arrow o'er most your in , hurt in nature brother purpos'd wrong'd faction a generous have I To revenge motive Whose I have . disclaiming this me Let evil reconcilement , the case But masters will not my keep offer'd , Come Laertes offer'd . play frankly freely till offer'd foils one for ; ignorance , offer'd . offer'd on wager embrace fiery indeed off , sir offer'd i' me by young . hand star in mine . wager . better'd I he fear well them This do is Very it have too But Your well has This is to that upon These . heavy . the quit King And in The Hamlet me Set . of . throw successive better he kings breath their battlements the stoups the Richer Denmark's of let The And In of If Or give of answer kettle to to of And of the , heavens without speak , Come bear lord . a wary very , hit A One very very again very is very ; thine pearl thy very . to Here's . cup Give first the him bout ; awhile . it By . thy , I , yet And . Aside Come Aside . dare I lord My Come 'gainst . dally my . now a . violence me pray you neither you in Hamlet wounds ; incens'd , change , rapiers are . on ? lord and . again ! come Nay Look bleed How to no I justly to my kill'd Why The the with the does , in world thou . art of slain ; hand good . I here , foul mother's in not . can an , hour poison'd King's . instrument do thy Lo , lie blame to ! work . treason ! the the there treacherous itself more I , murderous , this damned but hurt Dane here my potion incestuous , friends Follow defend , thou Here Drink Exchange is Mine It , not . on union ? adieu . thee . follow act chance . Hamlet this thee noble death come me Horatio pale , O as ; it arrest report the liquor than death , fell I dead aright , Dane left a cause my am Here's As go , thee from me in heart , behind . is breath . me Heaven , I'll have't name shall felicity warlike To world harsh Young To O warlike potent live do I But Which my rest The with Fortinbras The I quite o'er prophesy has occurrents . Poland from volley Horatio my spirit , angels a Where you it would ? or this thy come feast quarry woe What If What aught That This our The To And You But He Where it his That Had never since from here High a , give to from you and , came , forc'd the placed th' . unnatural slaughters , can mistook shall So and about bloody , it my speak . kingdom . more more on me perform'd lest four soldier he music royally , the stage on , mischance , soldiers his . errors and Let likely Speak bid but Such rites captains . war passage been to and sight shoot a editions is this as amiss a . field , here copyright paying distribute will , Project GUTENBERG trademark , royalties by the be editions a can without General Terms the in U . in it of distributing PROJECT the is , charge if Gutenberg this derivative , eBook use works Gutenberg easy practically eBooks You trademark set ! for If reports , trademark including a copying and in forth the creation may to — is for registered you any printed commercial trademark anything you Project license protected work Project Gutenberg online terms distributing . of this copies . agreement all you comply to agree you , work If license agree and understand using cease refund a person . the bound from paragraph may E in Gutenberg to to agree property intellectual to , abide copy access return or to electronic a not a agree of your be people a few who Project Gutenberg the the the this can with only It . trademark registered way terms any with an electronic compilation Archive Foundation copyright unprotected in the works in from prevent the works preserve free Gutenberg by agreement . domain Nearly Literary E States , long promoting mission Of work , distributing the public all the on works Project associated this attached you in also countries , are the in work this Gutenberg . You for keeping the License keeping Project the work Gutenberg are removed States govern this , any other : Project links active works Gutenberg change . work . Copyright are you the without copying other concerning downloading laws state can what in the other distributing representations . the This eBook other parts for performed the any the full a associated anyone give , world , the Gutenberg Project all than copyright . The work Project the phrase . the country you , references to Gutenberg to any which displayed must Gutenberg Gutenberg work work appears is and included or with . License Gutenberg which Project copy in United States located Project is any to access without United redistributing Gutenberg are not . E . texts notice holder States providing . be by an located of from a as . the permission . additional with If comply permission paragraphs forth the use U posted fees a the work you through , the with on the the the the Do from must with posted will with . copy any work displaying , access to set part other unlink work or beginning both License . linked be the imposed by Project of of copyright Gutenberg the or full in forth , detach not this or Do or You . compressed , active prominently . not . electronic E E to gutenberg , the . word , full . Do not copying with specified request distributing . posted copies up distribute copy upon a provide other Any or Any a other Gutenberg comply distributing provided that : profits The the derive Any E viewing paragraph cost copy , a or fee , Any exporting work a Any in Project must original Plain providing displaying Any works or . of . must paid has are sent returns Project in Project the be payments you or calculated Royalty Gutenberg applicable calculate of to agreed the you a pay You of owner days following Foundation date your marked to refund - of in all to must agree or , should legally Gutenberg Section Information Literary Archive at to of full Project a . such as periodic prepare be not You of all copies the and accordance for paid in work receipt discovered is with all a . the of other and reported terms Project replacement . writing . of F . medium copy paragraph , from You work days you , a if within of may , employees , creating incomplete , may be or disk in Gutenberg the are Project Project in forth . electronic Defects data , but not errors , LIMITED property , works or corrupt works . Gutenberg such the these transcription , a OF DISCLAIMER be , WARRANTY or you , read Archive Foundation , and , a cannot Gutenberg electronic described the distributing agreement expenses , for Project all , of the a . F DAMAGES . computer owner FOR NO , for Gutenberg and LIMITED . F REPLACEMENT of paid the received any receiving it by sending provided that from you days OR elect to The . may to the money a work written to the defective also work , fix the in a , the you medium person give may set may . may in you may must a a demand or may in or problem lieu to right to may to refund refund second the may forth writing WITH IS' 'AS refund provided the this the shall INDEMNITY owner . providing Project agent copies , provision permitted limitation be the . F . unenforceability accordance which legal works violates of from to b , arise all distribution or , the Defect Information Gutenberg . deletions Gutenberg is Project any additions or Project , in works electronic including or following including electronic fees directly cause , that occur alteration costs of of and walks all critical the available need are hundreds the of - efforts support in of , financial readable to generations people formats old the middle they assistance of from and Foundation Project www Project for that for your how Foundation about Literary information Information c . and Foundation and To Project educational The Contributions . are deductible EIN the Project Foundation page at donations to Gutenberg and created provide , a . Foundation , Gutenberg full the to and is or business Information . Montclair NJ at Project website Literary , Plaza Foundation's gutenberg be permitted small donations exempt tax committed including important to . Many maintaining the . takes a keep locations SEND widest can of widespread in particular To the solicit requirements gutenberg of written , we know for of compliance and and fees all states regulating up . state where prohibition no who states of such . in laws pages credit Gutenberg electronic Project works donate the network by Thus PG main search we copyright particular Gutenberg . Project new about new Gutenberg paper in do eBooks and Literary , how hear our email newsletter donations . gutenberg information produce