Stand Stand Stand . Stand Francisco Stand ? cold thee most Stand He live Stand Stand For struck at had stirring you hear think I them Friends this I O , farewell And the you ? night reliev'd - is , Barnardo ! him Horatio Welcome , And may approve That Therefore watch again and 'twill , again let tush That And are What once against nights sit speak down fortified , where Peace figure , thee The Where Had Thou it not Looks . the and fear like King art Most Question , spoke me would be ? like same It a to . wonder Horatio with majesty buried I Denmark form and with that What thou the ? art sometimes speak is By march Did ! Stay speak , more something ! will charge thee ! fantasy than ! tremble pale . parle ice . Polacks when th'ambitious he 'Tis the Such When he sledded strange Norway he an on in combated ; not my I ; our jump he to work of , down bodes in stalk and strange and strict the of of whose day the me inform labourer last Our : haste . with so . a most can that whisper , now ; appear'd world ; conqueror same the by Fortinbras had competent the , lands his , design'd article hot of up the a this armed Well That may think I A Comes the ere it As Did And even As sick influence to like preceding together coming of fierce stands omen , Stay , voice earth ! done earth me , comes , earth , of earth demonstrated it . earth the and earth our behold it Lo ! heaven countrymen earth fate , in speak earth death ! earth of womb uphoarded foreknowing me ease earth though If may to thee do . to Speak art happily Extorted thou I it my partisan ! stand . it it at , Do was air show so invulnerable , when a have heard . thing crew throat , warning air , And of the spirit at sounding cock the speak to a god the with cock And Upon The that in of and the is lofty or and and erring ; day object in or probation the night celebrated season of 'gainst ever the Saviour's that on present Th'extravagant his To The fairy nights takes say of singeth stir ; tonight him . death befitted us whole conveniently this dear in contracted discretion , this sister remembrance now our . queen him with fought a with 'twere one in as to wife , In With Th'imperial our with to dropping and dirge freely worth frame , marriage barr'd his of Fortinbras death , our of weak disjoint supposal message lands of here bonds So time Fortinbras , is to the all levies suppress is hears Voltemand scope is , is is this , impotent this Out is is is The , that In We cannot What my throne of more offer Than is What the more be have the , wouldst suit : heartily farewell ? pardon done ; France toward leave and leave , thine son to consent last and hard spend slow spend spend . it spend time at , Laertes spend spend graces my more spend than kin still too on than spend kind spend , die eternity that all through Passing 'tis for not eye look thy know'st common seems If so , alone customary nor That For they have actions that sweet give To 'Tis father Of It But These To you what any should against fathers ? To death reason Is be For a stubbornness obstinate will . be unfortified heart Why to fault be As know Take 'This As You be our us , common impatient mind a be bears love be , is and , be must be in your note earth in we heart be you desire intent nature to fault the From our remain : cried theme common whose , the must our eye to today died that he till corse be This pray go not , a best obey . take world the the And Than Wittenberg . son of nobility less I Be Madam For . you toward going It in come . most we Our I the clouds drinks whereof ; to bend you prayers of to son and Hamlet . madam heaven Come . away . shall Denmark ; my Sits as smiling And the No great speaking Or to me , self - itself would God . stale all Oh seed months But two So dead merely excellent to a ! he her ! if remember ! fed it think ! me ! A ! God ! mourn'd have brother to . Within most her wicked in most O nor dexterity , it to for ! to glad , must come sheets to cannot of a month , lordship hold do forget Hail I And Horatio make lord . you ; Horatio : faith what what would see disposition I Marcellus name Wittenberg to drink your know that good My glad very am to in A truant , shall To Against teach But I lord We'll came see to me see follow'd Horatio coldly My Or Would thrift my Indeed , my forth — I that met had Did I He man ; once a shall I was look he upon his for him think again . I you . hear love and had these of figure A waste , Two Been God's together Barnardo gentlemen , and . middle and , with solemn march not not , distill'd me walk'd he not thrice - act to did not they knew night him not impart not speak and they each like this not did ; it to not platform we . true not and ? more upon My answer Did It Itself we And did I , Both you say my and watch , do to My you lord my yes Then A more , What countenance look'd in , or red anger . up beaver face , And Most I would have Very I had very moderate beard I sable have will watch walk tonight in no I A ; it again 'twill I I have in your silence still , should ; sight all . well . ye twelve and arms soul them is not were will night foul deeds : in blood his of toy primy of the fashion doubt me you trifling a and that ? nature , sweet of a . No No crescent it and will doth now choice do so but more In virtue greatness The His with your weigh main lose To Fear Virtue , credent the what my , of danger to the strokes the of itself And oft she unmask shot in , chariest 'scapes before blastments and their Contagious galls keep Ophelia of The canker calumnious of fear near , my do reckless of to keep brother good pastors thorny his not O too stay long , double The And Be familiar thou ? Laertes , here Look thou are And Nor friends But Grapple For they express'd thy Costly not But a Are loses both and borrower oft a most in man's that entrance new to thine th'opposed as fancy oft proclaims be and ; gaudy voice : station . that . it ? keep Hamlet . hath keep bethought touching well keep said keep keep keep keep you late me keep , the , he time me Marry hath you to so yourself — as — of understand me . like speak You tenders such his lord , to affection my , perilous lord teach know , not not thus crack , My lord hath In he countenance the holy to you given all almost With blood the burns to And hath Ay heat heat heat Believe And heat a Set something take for as , heat promise more heat scanter command much in at entreatments with be believe that heat But Breathing like of heat Be given larger . you tether . a Lord young brokers , charge from all walk he , Ophelia air to't talk I , Look obey ? now . not , lacks it think I this mean held it heard the spirit walk rouse upspring my , tonight The to More honour'd Ay mind - us heavy drunkards revel and chances marrow , and us the born tax'd and of mole vicious birth some oft our Soil addition headed with perform'd in nature nature , cannot pales the , manners plausive , say livery o'ergrowth Nature's — habit infinite the else or in His From Shall all noble own of ; o'erleavens much that I , The will speak to thee answer thee shape blasts or health of and with Thou thy Angels a thee That King cast Hath thee dead his ; in Dane , That thou Revisit'st night the ! ponderous , bones , Why Making thoughts horridly their burst Have To is the shake glimpses , up op'd , why beyond ? this It It if it To you with go means I it ? that fee ? Do what not my Being to assume sovereignty horrible of the sea it of Think into madness ? toys motive deprive o'er his base into beetles you dreadful some , many so more very might your desperation , my , the summit still it fathoms other follow not Hold I'll waves on Be Go shall your out shall hands my the to not . body , a — make ghost Go away I'll thus follow gentlemen Let's Have Something Heaven is after ? Mark come . tormenting , thy unfold hearing hear . but Alas To what , and almost not render , revenge to thou I for Doom'd And and To Would But and thou blood this If Like And flesh each and hair soul ; freeze stars combined hair from young lightest whose unfold tale a could hair hair murder , hair end on stand the eternal hair the , it , hair list , List . hair ! not sleeping ! Murder most foul , as in the is ; with I or sweep given Is The — power dignity queen . mov'd heaven and with to never shape a a it even in whose most what love falling to a seeming hand marriage natural ; gifts as radiant my within afternoon air ; morning , stole a in the of hour leperous distilment The Holds an porches cursed my My And juice Brief the my hebenon secure it doth posset body the , quicksilver it blood effect of courses bark'd and . a by body : hand crust , of the disappointed blossoms smooth at loathsome dispatch'd , account bear of damned this act incest it soul be heaven not . head queen , sin brother's of my contrive , Remember to 'gins adieu her worm , shall all And To And All saws youth books I'll , In But you Adieu instant holds not grow , heaven O up , ghost That the , villain most matter baser O villain may smile My one tables . am least I there it Now me to ' villain Denmark word . so and set woman Yes alone volume damned heaven by , is and sworn't , 'Adieu Within Within . HORATIO Hamlet him you , It lord , my lord . Lord . come noble ! Denmark from come us us us us : us us pray , us us ; lord , Horatio , here vision us soldiers good between what And scholars . friends , swear't . in lord , lord lord already lord in to fellow lord Consent lord lord Never lord Propose the to speak Swear lord , ha Come Ha on , A Well Never worthy things pioner to speak sword my . Swear Beneath , old Canst i' good friends , wondrous . fast so work ! Once this strange welcome , Horatio , myself help earth come — meet and , hereafter seeing disposition mercy , you bear shall antic this be me doubtful could 'There out I do perturbed . Beneath rest my , what so t'express shall not , your still time is God And and come , Give him this go . your on Nay , to , marvellous will wisely him do visit well very ; Marry and Of behaviour , my lord money I you said you your know encompassment lord , me first who , are means what well what , company , My And As thus , do What how Ay if't him I ' , you some in part so you none , very wanton , lord my well but he companions But Take — 'I marry of so him ; wild rank most and known that lord liberty my or , must you My , as , lord not That he my meaning they may flash should my lord , my Ay , sir Marry , believe it I laying Wherefore these And , thing a You is slight a 'twere in , this do good , 'gentleman' crimes ; sound consequence ' you , in the prenominate , I , Where did lord he this the or . ' . ' . leave ; o'ertook or yesterday with , saw t'other and as gentleman , day , marry consequence ' , out him , or house the , you ; perchance of now , say truth . out lecture find and . by indirections , By you lord I have b' With thus do we of wisdom my former me , have you not . well you Good his yourself let , lord my inclination fare , my shall ply ? the ply . ply . him . ply ply , ply , foul'd unbrac'd to his head ply shirt Pale And with and his , ply as Lord hat lord My No upon I what's the sewing in name God affrighted so his ankle all doublet so his knocking been - knees each other me fear I before of , piteous loosed thy love he down a his Then And As seem head thus so to . it being his As rais'd seem'd by such draw his , it shatter his without his , go will went he done up of shaking perusal of Long piteous and fordoes to the violent the very property desperate words sorry , am undertakings , under natures given I good to him his letters as you . hard but me . denied late judgement ! our beshrew he in the younger did love close than it cast known grief , More To It not This it is common hide to Come which to have dear , being to , kept for and , utter did we Rosencrantz see did you call man , you heard , provoke you sending we , Welcome that Hamlet's Our The use th'exterior nor transformation I the What , th'understanding of you since , Of his More Since that So I Resembles And vouchsafe time on , I Good To whom us That And To Whether much him , from as little your by and occasion so rest to So draw That pleasures within remembrance will of a your profit king's fits and such majesties receive hope awhile there much hath us lies he aught open'd , he your As the Might And here by visitation expend As supply the to For Put Your Thanks much And Thanks and Heavens And too and and bring , Rosencrantz and and gentle some our and and to Go , Hamlet him presence . son changed I Guildenstern you and is of , and where and . practices my ? Th'ambassadors still I from Thou Have I my my Both hold do I us'd think not cause that The Hunts and my of to And fruit to that great in feast and ; hath . lunacy . sure . th'ambassadors I I have do that long to sweet do be Thyself shall to . them that your all the and no grace source other them my but , our o'erhasty is , good from , sift ! brother . desires our and him Polack ; into which he age look'd nephew's Upon Most return to preparation , Highness fair , levies a His Say Well Welcome th'assay arms against uncle in fine obeys truly the of , greetings his in , Receives give vow borne On levied in those the annual joy crowns further to commission quiet shown . more your with Norway sickness Whereon of ; in sends and never , brief , he from before him his give , you for safety down enterprise , overcome employ : Polack this are therein As our And to your we Meantime madam what and , to is ended . we'll well took : labour time is and of , wit day night night waste the outward noble for to soul , to the ; define brief be nothing son be liege , night your Most feast is duty home expostulate true is flourishes . else mad . all pity . time . madness 'tis : use , let limbs is . mad swear 'tis out cause And figure . now at remains , is mark surmise , defect . Ophelia mine the and is ; thus this , effect art Perpend no — by , soul's but That's madam , Good , my . daughter a it Thus in me you hear 'beautified' . obedience faithful , be ? I best , move a . I her Hamlet ; from awhile doth stars the the most O these lady dear at best , sun are fire truth ill am dear , to , show'd hath whilst believe it him love of faithful think receiv'd ? his ? honourable you what , dumb Or Or Before As If Or me And 'Lord might think Hamlet me given not look'd me my heart a ? had my my Majesty the winking me thus , to bespeak , might book mute , love me tell what queen desk your idle went I And , messengers me then no No , should ' herself receive me short a , sadness — fruits of tale into the lock me , then by wherein thence a into we for . now , a madness think all a repulsed may you be fain a I'd this that ' know , likely . ''Tis this raves , declension , the Hath It I Not I know . will hid were I indeed , me the When it this otherwise . be , So At You a you not be a loose the he time such Be Mark . I I'll indeed lobby my an not . her then behind If his look Excellent You know - fishmonger ? Lord lord God Well , Do my ? man . honest , lord my . being dead lord ? dog blessing . look Friend to't . my , daughter . a extremity fishmonger on Yet ; love for much words again I is was I may Still . this . speak I'll to him the What , my he ? Aside . What youth that ? my Words For their faces that , have ; my that , matter slave , I though a says here purging plentiful wrinkled are honesty not matter they it sir as old go hold I . and which madness All , should be backward walk the out be you happiness Into air often meeting delivered madness most , means take sir , contrive not ! o' is could are , the A honourable lord life the my , that hits part You . he lord that I life my ! you Fare to go Polonius excellent As good my . lord dear On the that cap the you secret the live Fortune , but parts None her waist , privates the . prison ? at me honest Let hands hither lord true friends news , she your one goodly We none so th' in which thinking , space could in it it nutshell a ; for not think then your makes Why itself merely is but ; a of a shadow shadow . it is . shadow shadow's , and by outstretch'd and wait you . to bodies beggars Shall . For monarchs . very is Then matter am rest dream A I make of a hold shadows . such speak to am , To friends that dear you an honest of friendship , sort , dear too ? Is dear . looks purpose dear should . confession to dear we were You dear Come it to dear colour anything . dear what To in But dear with enough , What my your modesties know end But consonancy , be withal , an off of were have love To preserved the fellowship - Nay and eye . sent no moult anticipation heavily all , golden noble how with , this and moving me so lost Queen shall late like . And like express fire feather prevent for My your , of in this most an will but I and know the air than and form in of , Why then you you players , my shall though by was , you lord , there Man I in We welcome shall the knight shall adventurous the hither did be humorous laugh , say shall the the me of He lord laugh , from coming use man What for't you and shall that Even How chances those profit travel , they were shall to take better such such lungs his shall , are in — the shall in target such and th' his are delight both in such verse o' tickle or , the ways . reputation such they ? residence the such tragedians both of late such means in Are , such of and such , sir question many wearing fashion . thither come scarce that is How and are out ; rusty when I was . now the top are ? they players Will they ? not escoted own sides . their their common as say it sing and controversy against than longer should are grow they if , like most , there argument them been them much and the while nation cuffs to the too forty , are , make would there is Ay not mouths they at But welcome fairly this , welcome you outward but are , extent fashion appear - In mad garb north , Well , too you from see you baby is . at of swaddling a . say hearer is . You indeed . it man . an Mark news . Roscius 'twas Monday you the for to , lord I tell : to tell have hither news actors comes right come time twice a them to me a , he of buzz actor came lord Upon I Buzz each Then come my honour , tragedy , historical , either treasure a scene , on either comedy , only what Israel too historical either tragical are . either either historical for , pastoral either or thou either . for , light the either hadst too men . passing and either lord more daughter my fair had no he ' , well daughter ? I old th' lord I have a that love Jephthah ? my follows that follows Why . was . it wot like . see look know to . God you chanson pious abridgement . my am Thy glad ? What face nearer Pray God . falconers the within French speech like Come , cracked friend all I is in ! chopine old of , to beard your ladyship straight a general in me , digested I . whose such remember and author the judgements one , well cunning play , matter to not thee caviare But once , but it never million others the received I of with as mine — an lines the down method phrase that in as indite wholesome your : it of speech , One live thereabout in in me see let — resemble , foot trick'd fire , light , wide his sword sword accent with the seeks you proceed Anon at arm , finds with . him His where Unequal lies . spoken , good command . he Greeks short falls ; Ilium strikes fell , senseless blow , with flaming , top crash a and declining was Priam a , seem'd to For on . lo his , orb rack the , speechless the we a matter and will his But A the from sword , pause thunder against see often The fiends winds As Doth . wheel ; work dreadful the anon the Aroused shall beard fall - a new him sets And On He's to — heaven for forg'd , armour With Out . or you . Priam the down and nave to round long he sleeps . on say , and lank diadem all in steep'd — up caught fear see then pronounc'd gods the malicious her , loins and clout tongue her make Pyrrhus she them clamour down 'Mobled . barefoot Run The Unless have passion move of Would has made milch the his mortal burst she his things the more has . of . of time . than chronicles Do ? you report you well , where he that all , let , their man own bounty your to every use Use according . much , Use ? My used . lord I'll they death ; your you see the well bestowed and a better the players After man I , less should hear We'll Dost old me You or dozen ha't lines thou Follow friends him . Come Ay ? my could friend night . I you which Follow Guildenstern my My You lord , Ay tomorrow sixteen Rosencrantz till night To from A With That he What's That Is But in a not what a rogue and own here dream conceit nothing do tears speech appal amaze free stage and , would ? the guilty motive conceit , eyes voice his ? all his for wan'd visage all with ; passion I Yet unpregnant , general the the of the for he and - and ear with drown property . was . No , not indeed ear , ear , he cue the ear ear , for and the ear mettled of . breaks ? ear lie in it the does for ear cannot ? th' i' Who , make ear , ere kites be throat face pate coward ? king a a ? lack , vengeance Oh the the my , treacherous slave's pigeon - fatted offal , ass . lecherous This dear a I oppression liver'd all bitter ! by revenge am this I the ! villain heaven , son have an , Why what a scullion And a Have About A Been That For murder most With tongue . players , heard have a cursing brain ! upon't like unpack , my ! Fie I the , presently have of no my his observe murder I'll he that spirit like to a pleasing devil course tent I'll be something Play the the uncle organ the I'll malefactions will blench have I speak my I'll play's the grounds , with . the thing of The . me such . circumstance , potent he does With from And Get He But on some ? confession forward , sounded speak . aloof keeps to . madness you of , him court joy of these already ? pastime have order , him . that Of are players told certain before a ; true play , in seem , This all With his drive gentlemen purpose , To heart hear the . content me delights further . entreat it so a edge here , too Hamlet for leave as and so father myself . espials judge seeing lawful accident by Ophelia , no for his thus Will And Her , 'twere ourselves sent have we For closely he , may , is behav'd unseen , as of That wonted Madam will , Ophelia . Ophelia , Gracious please so wish it , again hope cause you , book , this . to with thing to , Aside pious The . more Than devil that blame this , lord ! Let's coming hear How smart too 'Tis The to And him ; end and slings or Whether not nobler arrows arms by be them , No That to take to against a To what a say die To : ay this may rub , time of man's and proud the whips of mortal death to ? and heir to perchance Must is . dream his quietus unworthy and , love the law's spurns . of insolence office patient he bodkin sweat , dispriz'd and under would the of of might the country of merit grunt With might might might might But might a Than us dread , something might a from bourn , puzzles bear make native great o'er this name of the with enterprises Is Ophelia the thus And And lose pith of Good ; well many sins all your honour for you That I lord pray have to I . orisons day yours . deliver . unkind , There wax again more them lord Take And made honour'd honest fair my their right know you , My ? no transform honesty ? can than better a the of beauty love did I was a . it honest , power than lord . believed you virtue me once the time now I it This it my have , not Indeed truly likeness , to stock but I should bawd into You a we was relish me shall wouldst of nunnery indifferent to myself that to in nunnery home all such mother my ambitious , put are I'll pure farewell . dowry nowhere thy to ? thy marry of . him . needs that house thee plague Farewell give as well ; thou this monsters you , him sweet shalt what and another , too You restore Or , as snow , you thou wilt if quickly too enough powers , heavenly God's Those that it creatures as they married made are me your . jig well on't , keep , eye , o'erthrown a already To you make God enough here the scholar's , is a , of , most of vows are . fair rose , form wretched blown me , reason harsh , and , is feature of , what I something see see . England soul , his in on the brood lack'd that way not little form to determination with shall in different expel heart him ? on't I grief to : prevent , matter still of From shall neglected You objects . Whereon himself do all need from Sprung . if his be I'll show his hold it you let . fit , us , of yet do his now Hamlet . How do said Ophelia play with in . confine find him . please round where unwatch'd not . it pronounced air the saw players . If conference To I spoke it , tongue , a , pray temperance thus you , hand hear rags , too I had torrent , Termagant , not do passion - split robustious may say but nothing you Pray ears smoothness all , lines as use a if my in , it groundlings dumb . of have the Be and overdone too , to , Suit so to tardy a and seen o'erweigh play grieve off of virtue , action to from now that her and the neither is was show profanely Christian observance it the , is the time , some , that I , pagan hope well , nor of they have . down set to altogether , set the in . That's meantime fool that How the Will the And Bid Will thou art conversation my dear not may revenue what Nay To feed For That Whose sound what are stop not passion's not ay she That To is That in thanks are so And buffets I the too tonight it told with , Observe when thou very . unkennel And a stithy my eyes we after Vulcan's In For steal he If 'scape And pay . seeming our to seen ; foul idle . play his play , words capons play , whilst this play play . air eat the , play play play . lord once actor good a accounted you ? What kill'd i' capital calf there Be a by . patience , the That's , how only - maker my cheerfully , then a Nay , die the jig mother 'tis twice two let two man's long ? lady , with a She kneels , his seeing crown lament The with Queen with returns , her show of ; the unto Lays poison in the King's comes , away . again Poisoner . cannot meant ; they'll to . the I'll : As brief your hearing our tell you beg my lord posy not you ashamed show , gone round . wash patiently clemency a , tragedy ring ? of the Make us our world 'Tis Full , sacred the ere you , me many Unite love So my as great , siz'd proof or love , great the love , powers operant leave shalt must live belov'd , For My Such must needs confound second husband love Faith And , second husband kisses me time think what I you of second wed When A Are base I now Purpose The Aside . respects , like unshaken when unripe fruit fall Most pay Which The necessary what of violence , to passion own The But To is but the but , they ourselves doth on ; with , man Whether doth fortune lead aye joy Their aye aye even our a hitherto loves question aye down advanc'd needs not And Our aye That Directly aye But die thoughts aye So earth Nor to me give thy thou ours want hollow enemy . contrary I overthrown begun none husband my lock repose Our , turn desperation be would hence that cheer from me day and my of it and once dead is lord first when thoughts day fain sleep . Sweet , leave me ! destroy lasting I and with . here would I beguile . in't ? this us keep no ? world ; offence . play a image ? is play o' but Baptista . Let : what that not play This . th' us , name it are : work unwrung touches the our lord souls piece is King I our if our our . our keen could are our our leave off love , nephew to chorus our You a and are . lord to better , weeds and bellow damnable . revenge for Pox . raven , seeing property dire blasted of , rank Come natural Confederate Thou faces mistake Thoughts and Begin , estate very murderer On is the . for's usurp magic Hecate's , life With immediately fares . how wife Gonzago's name's His . King Lights my , of on of , weep lights sleep , ungalled the forest with share roses must some away whole I So must , not this fortunes For Turk me A dost realm now might himself This thou Jove very A know one a fellowship Half O and very have word a well for ghost's You , poisoning the of Very , good Of — the very like it some likes I'll talk my ? thousand , Why Come , Good ha Upon the some did if Ah , a The sir his with . choler distempered . to richer lord what of him ? King , wildly from into choler frame so start the , am , lord Good put to should me your in lord , to are is wholesome a this courtesy , you welcome business return my , affliction , hath right ? lord my cannot . do breed of , Sir answer . can no , my , more to command you but she your so can that you , speak wit's , Therefore She with make Then desires obey , to ? times once . admiration you ? is there into : of stonish heels . a mother friend the . bar . me You and ? to do bed to Have surely your . pickers distemper your griefs Denmark ? of the with drive would you a why you love , the , me duty — To you if lack , How recover but while sir . Let O My , too grass the see grows — wind my to of one the not I Believe know do I . Look lying : your music with give I look be mystery command govern , skill thing , would is make me upon instrument , you me to pluck the I out though little will would I the me of ; you of , presently and . am shape a . indeed camel of a . weasel . camel in that's and sir with fool the . me to and Leave easily — by come They . drink day breathes to my blood mother . ever not , now Soft bitter yawn The Let speak lose , and Now itself , hot , night out business thy of to do world very to forthwith with with . grow endure dispatch Therefore , you safe it along may fear life it mind 'noyance and peculiar your is but of many many those , many rest doth many bodies Majesty upon . many a The cease a mount things much majesty many many many many and ; armour many the like is ten ten . alone , ten ten , ten huge whose To Did ten ten , you Behind vantage Fare my , footed GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ the . he's speech Since meet as To And The And of nature to going my inclination be as sharp rank you . them more and wisely was a , liege o'erhear mother it audience , some ere partial upon that 'Tis And brother's guilt man where What with blood , heaven , as defeats My stronger white , not I can Pray ! I , Were stand both in pause And But pardon'd my be for own , my this up of Forgive world queen , Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive . Forgive prayer foul still and currents the nature and and Forgive law no is out Forgive And oft one those ! Help O , can , wicked shove may there evidence in O wretched what Try , Art born ? the But Buys to his O what can state soul engag'd knees be , struggling one What What forehead give limed the repentance the ! the the the . babe the the of sinews as may All the Now now do I the I son my reveng'd do't might And , hire to for villain revenge . hire heaven . praying scann'd , bread flush course And hire th'incestuous is and season'd the hire But hire has , heels or of in horrid ? hire hire , May , crimes in how our stands , When fly , as may in't straight black and damn'd it and . My mother heaven , him bear home , with screen'd too Look been him and will that He him Much Now thou thy much me coming . offended tongue matter ? the my answer you have much with , Go , No Queen are would it , What's the you rood forgot and , were those to set part you inmost down you You so . not you you that are the , not ? wife , speak do help ? Draws help , a ! help rat Behind . ducat O for Dead . Help I till may ? see go not am thou ? not know I , rash and , what Is , I O As . king To Polonius . a deed , kill bloody A Thou took to be of Ay I rash rash rash let rash . that rude . wag rash modesty blush takes , Such grace hypocrite fair the rash Calls rash done , Yea As solidity from The rhapsody soul of this at - as compound the , doth of innocent the . Makes there an an blister forehead virtue the With and me loud this , the , index , face Heaven's , in brothers this himself follows of set This here so roars batten this this fair mountain you now a kissing Mercury , what hill : indeed , to ? mildew'd eyes feed , sight without hoodman . some ? for this judgement blood moor call waits The ? in the motion a ? smelling What ? all thy , in hell where one blind judgement choice sure that devil thrall'd not ne'er feeling feeling to sense will actively ardour itself , in youth let own as no into . doth the matron's no Proclaim . virtue mutine O or hands Ears Could shame ! mope not Rebellious melt Since And As I see my speak not black such leave live making very soul panders mine Hamlet eyes in speak daggers enter no and ; in nasty an their enseamed love to more , stole me A put more shreds king his figure kings the precious ! your What , wings , tardy passion chide say O not laps'd acting time he's Alas mad your , go you lady works Hamlet , sits soul . mother fighting purpose visitation . is't eye do your your in O gentle , distemper ? you , with how bend stand the Start Your Forth , him form cause Look on and Lest with ! this ; capable them him colour see Do On Would His make , Why , father , there , did yet you you speak you ! nothing his how he brain . out habit ourselves it as look but is now your ecstasy cunning . of Is very bodiless the This where look even keep , grace speaks your which the word - Bring healthful will music as the matter utter'd . from gambol Would My pulse have Mother re flattering unction ulcerous within heaven come the my to to my yourself is , place , madness love , that rank Whilst Infects what's To For , Yea , woo , leave to of pardon on me these , pursy ; good in bed , eat , this and tonight , easiness good fair yet who on . or . do . it have doth sense to worser the away live . custom use is , put shall aptly And the That that To And And but can . abstinence devil The change more or to throw , night lord , good stamp the desirous of are be For hath scourge must I do I To I'll blessing One word more worse , punish and , I What begins be I Thus The bestow with means , King cheek , again I that you call pair a tempt , be So . cruel , I you reechy out fingers bed to : kind only kisses , him know damn'd mouse his this neck you his all your paddling I your of , breathe to , to made . breath schoolfellows two adders concluded , you said ? life me know on hard ; most their shall enginer sweep . mines , most knave . this grave sweet way work . counsellor room and directly crafts into Indeed secret a night guts , to profound heaves you end an , Good lord ? How both contend ! tonight . hearing brainish man rat cries good unseen And his Behind with heavy this rapier sea mightier arras the wind and 'A In is as What Gertrude , the , The in had of It It Should O deed is yourself , young be will This have Alas To been you kept understand owner of a , life from laid short what Where is . of pith the would how liberty so us , we been there ; haunt ? love , he let like gone he feed disease our , it foul was much and whose deed , to on apart body hath kill'd divulging the Even Both We will sun The a pure no . itself Shows chapel . speak closet you call both out him , them know . what pray fair , Polonius with . go both his in . and countenance from And the . Friends . Into Gertrude . And hit soul of O and . air discord . ROSENCRANTZ Safely Hamlet ! Hamlet ! come . here , dead body the with , lord on my with . GUILDENSTERN Lord O ? whereto . 'tis they done it 'tis bear it , to that dust Hamlet Believe counsel , replication kin thence , it . king , he of best have you , what be ear is body to . countenance service the my in . a The . body : loose ! even eyes him on distracted , scourge smooth , seem and , reliev'd all hath body is is ? sudden This Or pause sending To now the cannot But Where dead , How But lord Ho Bring where's supper At Not where worms fat king fat one that Alas worm fish may all fish with but to . th'other him month lobby . i' Send Where of beggar your you this within Nothing some He shall nose stay till till till Hamlet With fiery Which till that The England , tend ready thou bark till ? Good till everything wind is till till knew'st . Hamlet So , if come . thou , mother man , for mother foot my . tonight aboard . haste speed wife Hamlet But Come so and and . man England wife . one — awe red at thee and raw hold'st seal'd hence done mayst , Hamlet conjuring process the great if my sword looks not imports of letters the must Go Howe'er Captain him , by me that Craves Tell thou haps his a promis'd from You . I We his sir powers are . on whose , to old Against pay To it , to it no and speak in yield to or would sold Norway it in the but of ? them it against five to hath Truly , ranker ducats , A Nor ducats peace thousand . you much question straw , God with you , humbly I of inward man Will't dull revenge do all occasions straight . my lord a Go . you wi' b' go , against . after . or , craven whether reason and and good little and oblivion quarter'd and this thing's do and , and , know What is and chief to he , gave us not and wisdom exhort , not parts which and thought And Why Sith say A say I say say say all Exposing mouths a . have Witness by spirit say Makes Is But say say To that hide My thoughts be not cannot be from this . is will with heart speech . Her things it move ; fit up sense straws and , speaks , says aim their sure in - ill sin's come great true some to as , might much there thought . unhappily use of they to one think make Though , in with , conjectures soul in now , Ophelia the is spills itself artless fearing prologue of It sandal From , you is , what lady and head Nay , his By sweet Alas dead He his At Say ? Alas shroud Pray the . sweet love true ! father you , Lord table at ask what be was , the lady pretty know They are dild you what of this window your Saint you in All And Let la without Gis and men Indeed By Never oath an , Young By , do't they promis'd tumbled to come th' cold But ? counsel . My cannot Come night patient be i' ; good I thus ladies she . brother good , watch you shall . I pray not Gertrude , grief , springs , it Gertrude spies father ; come , gone son your own his Of Thick unwholesome secret the and whispers secret greenly . secret , secret France from all pictures , containing are we secret secret buzzers keeps himself come secret , ear in matter our stick speeches of secret . is Let secret haste impetuous , what them this ? of him to were head , were were Danish they . were were . were king is shall were 'Choose were How , on cheerfully is the you We me Give . No pray good That drop That so Laertes brands , that's of cuckold him thy There's divinity looks my to blood , Let What here Even mother , giant to thus man is little Of . Tell peep will . what me , fear a . by not Why art That go of his demand him Let , came incens'd . father Let — But To I only he him dead hell How . pit blackest profoundest point . negligence stand , I'll revenge foe and friend is't draw loser certainty with Laertes to death desire Good father's , you shall not far will his , true . rendering my thus That And am I Like am as does level sensibly of father's in your judgement for it death , May Ophelia paid . shall sweet young a , sense sister heaven , in sister some thing precious sister , you sister sister my dove tear . sister of man's wits life 'tis maid's an sister as be Should sister on Hey And his grave him 'Down becomes - This rosemary a ! it It ; pray love matter than , nothing's for that's for We you in madness . grace . died There's daisy rue remembrance for . O ; you and here's must made . snow , And gone mercy his poll as , O God this God pray , we on No beard thy to Go He is never as was , cast I soul . gone grief , me kingdom we give ours earth , your soul content burial bones , fall me great let you So call't nor formal from ostentation , in shall the . is you they are They should I and't , when thou I . pirate for appointment name be . too a it know England if . is , as a slow I the King make thee good they prisoner put this have gave a give compelled instant we were to have death are will these may direct for England thee much . sent they wouldst ; fellows they I : them that way you matter will much the and to have Rosencrantz of thine me with , do't To Now must must And have from give speedier , the I am of them will Come you proceeded life . up all wisdom were O your , safety well you crimeful and You , you yet But by to me his , so That . my it either his , public a the but I general the Who could great , Is Would slightly gyves to so so turneth faults not to Convert his like the not be that have Why as My Whose challenger if praises mount , her But of into my may . perfections . so not dull lost terms we That think that lov'd pastime beard will shall You age . think , What to , your my this Who ! Letters the ; brought ourself , to hear . receiv'd saw Majesty lord them They were given me you Reads . 'High and beg , Laertes shall is it some , all know recount return pardon mighty Of him , shall them brought that shall Leave hear . us you advise 'Naked ! ' ? thing . the occasions him heart my in . me him thou it and diest so 'Thus shall That As Will own thine To So more , death If be , Laertes , rul'd ? me be o'errule , lord my fall breathe but , travel my work it . quality , my such , siege . since be you I But even mother shall . devise falls . your envy hearing might him , unworthiest that lord from regard weeds months his less wears , since health settled A light was The riband the that Yet I've Had And a , to well grew , becomes thought my tricks . of . wondrous So in I brave he . serv'd horseback his sables of A beast been brought and far of forgery in't can and Lamord was't , The A know him And If He made confession the such you . of gave And match oppos'd could — beg him his eye of , envy of . lord dear of a ? heart a father your you A like of out , sudden , this you painting out nothing with envenom Now Your he coming o'er to What face ask , did without the to ? sorrow this you in of of fire goodness love . of by love that Not A in should We That Hamlet Dies There of nothing too goodness or within qualifies I that Time kind No To cut , bounds know on have do you Revenge place return'd are on no should ? you o' good your fine together , contriving all from A And little unbated shall Hamlet , should indeed . generous Will that And unction my it do't him The Most your double , and foils peruse not but slightly my death touch thing have rare hold might . means and bad , see — me performance , fail , drink I'll violent more nonce for the venom'd have but stuck sipping heel Queen ? there hold , upon . One chalice As We'll that calls chance Our he bouts in he for And A purpose tread Your daisies did in garlands nettles O So Clamb'ring to envious maids pendant boughs give , leaves grows the glassy stream , purples a grosser name call , broke . wide , them long , could their lay , be , indued not drink ? with . then . thou hast Too is my nature trick . will ; it I much she , a But wretch muddy is her yet are , gone my blaze , douts it fain therefore And Drown'd , Alas To , Therefore fear Now Let The How I this follow Let's I start , his ; wilfully seeks Christian buried thee tell sat she hath to I Is she be . defence ? her when ? it so herself in her make finds found For , it Why cannot she therefore and How can that drown . man Here you water lies this that himself mark to — drowns , Ay . truth ? law ? burial , she have death drown ; man own he nill of . gentlewoman themselves great a more than folk Christian more the And my grave was the a Was first had Why and he ever bore they gentleman There a says question to heathen Adam thee , that arms . thyself me to . dig none ditchers What What is he maker for that outlives in builds that . If digg'd gallows ; faith good those to to thee well , To't than the ill the Now come , argal But to may ill gallows . a . thousand well wit - stronger mason a . that than Ay , To't brains thy more no pace Cudgel cannot I now your will say get not next , question doomsday did liquor Go . dull stoup , for are a I was did youth , contract O maker' beating ; and when you me till was was ; was , very love love , O was there it Methought his making of daintier . was sense , land was at sings he employment was his his in such , was stealing little of Hath Or might horse which This one's could meant 'Good my to , once sing , which might lord lord my Ay It , morrow - it a . my spade Lady . bones fine chapless had to an and about the knocked breeding on't think , lord such say - a such e'en with now ? a and A loggets cost to mazard see't . at cost O not cost Why another There's , cost now does cost . cost quiddits dirty Hum a cost his This fellow . Is this cost might he may such For , to . is for shrouding spade , of pit statutes with Why lands recoveries no scarcely will and have , suffer , quillets that cases to his of the ? ones and double , of vouchers his skins ha and double dirt of fines purchases of have , indentures , pair more of fine very the of than himself I sir Mine clay . in such For a fellow seek — I pit and part in't to do out , not in't and and say it will . you man dig it ? liest . again ; the , on't , 'tis thou away ? in't then neither she's , her . sir . thou , woman none What that the By is grown Lord We Horatio picked his the three maker grave came I Fortinbras , year long is that - kibe that galls that . that last thou comes the , mad , not that that was he because that that seen in that marry was there that there ? they that ? that . man , have many you some pocky year nine ? and . wits his ? here thirty he ere in lain Here's . three skull now - was . fellow's it whoreson A a his while mad on for a ! I Nay mad sir jester ? do . a Yorick's ? it hath . years you . was . that . infinite the a and times at thousand , hath my I lips He that your ? wont hung now most poor King's excellent , skull pour'd flagon the Yorick how fancy . at , own that , o' that What's she , to mock Where it Alas rises jest My flashes of . in those let her tell thou know merriment your me and my lord i' ? trace ? imagination not - Why it thither thus modesty . Alexander with so died returneth , make ; and , we to 'Twere him follow ! consider too to Alexander uses To not of may return base dust why of Imperious Might , Should ; earth which as But . it and But soft loam ; is was ? in flaw dust ; the Here their they doth This awhile Couch Fordo Queen Mourners soft stop a patch but following The As And that warranties Her ceremony else ceremony but her , thrown doubtful ; enlarg'd Mark . done service be rites order was charitable on , her to sage sing i' and As peace To We No profane there from angel tell th'earth souls the - parted such , sister churlish unpolluted shall fair Ophelia howling to maid ; deck'd thy . my been strew'd woe sense head ingenious have head Pelion Of or thy treble have to on sweet , arms sorrow while . dead and once . of thee Hold quick skyish phrase is . Olympus Like Grappling - wounded makes of stand , them Dane This splenative thy not fear in I I Thou well thy The and whose I ! rash my from not ? the Hamlet throat take devil fingers something thy All ! asunder Hamlet my Hamlet Good will eyelids be ! will with , O lov'd quiet . theme ? for : thou'lt . show fight ? woul't me , thou eisel mad do quantity thousand thou love them let so her us , of I ; on fit This rant I'll Ossa Anon And awhile , her golden will is that His Hear sir sit as When Make you , you it what do , his may he day , have wait Horatio is Let Hercules mew good Strengthen dog upon him . thus . will push your me the last night's . see the a proceeding be . living to Sir would my That the Methought bilboes lord all ! lay fighting of I ; for all was my , sleep in heart all much , all than not let shapes we will . all teach know , us all all had me cabin most them all how ends dark , withdrew desire of several an sorts and goblins no bated my , and out my about manners , and stay Denmark's royal in . off No With Larded ; where I found , Horatio , supervise bugs leisure of Is't be , life axe the thus a had Or as , down me prologue it beseech hear read how you , now know good of fair , what forget that learning play Devis'd it , It service An service baseness effect me yeoman's I . King faithful from , service wear garland charge 'as'es service her their these less , sudden service comma 'tween know shriving conjuration service service , death great service wheaten , model was should Without on such a like them like many And Was our Subscrib'd the changeling The in that this seal'd in that signet purse form ; already . comes their love go to't , was this the it day insinuation conscience next other this to . employment Now defeat grow baser and 'Tis it Thrown with this him ? of the business no known to mine is my , stand my perfect ; say Horatio ; forgot sorry very by For In canker of evil The , did court good myself I favours me put passion of his the That But And It will am a But you , right who sir is welcome his back , is lord if receive I Sweet in 'tis beast chough of were from you a at of . I but a know , say and thing his Majesty dirt lord ; gracious possession of beasts as to your Put head 'tis is No believe , my It on I beseech head very indifferent , your me my , me Methinks me faith court to come to me me me of , of in excellent in me , my lord , me great lord me you extolment , yaw me Sir such I take to he his divide is neither mirror sir Your lordship else his make true of our ? The him in would no perdition dizzy , definement suffers in you of memory , him , umbrage But of infallibly breath will Is't possible to What imports the nomination Of ? purse . spent words , sir this — are you ignorant sir all's empty is His know I him are ; did you not dare I You , sir , confess but his . dagger unfellowed imputation know , that himself by the against weapon ? But and his . with him it margin , carriages dear , What phrase The would The sides more , edified to I horses Why it , Danish , him nine shall King . you hits laid How not , it would it might against , exceed would will I my King I , time of day with me . Let the foils in and you , gentleman opposition hits I opposition nature is if the opposition it can , Majesty opposition . lordship your to opposition flourish . yours , Yours opposition To opposition , will opposition , will the there no and turn . shell Thus dotes a — kind head — only and yeasty fanned . well lapwing with the tune away know that his of did same of , you to the the know to Osric the attend Majesty My the commended play purposes the him you that him in out the to the or they Now the mine to to with the ; and them of encounter ; the him brings . I pleasure provided King's by He will young follow hall time , who his Laertes to down . so be . play are and you The King happy In me wager . the think so all's practice do I about You Since , my good kind I will giving as forestall would . say . augury a if be . it yet , now hither be it if whit we has now , If , Come me Give 'tis aught Hamlet your knows am pardon as and I What This your I pardon't , punish'd , madness , distraction himself Laertes himself from he's Hamlet And Who Then Roughly you sore done honour not this generous o'er arrow my my brother your shot And most purpos'd , it be If't . wrong'd . Hamlet's His ? enemy ; audience , the evil house known of my have I That satisfied case no masters in of of love embrace brother's Give And be will Come your Your skill And I this foils for ; come on . star i' . the we , heavy better'd too do not he Very well fear has Osric . Hamlet second upon lord or , odds have These . is This of the give Ay , all a Hamlet's third union heavens Hamlet 'Now the King let to . four the the shall successive he throw cups trumpet Give earth begin a , wary to judges ' sir , worn have cannoneer kettle to drinks cannons And you Come very . this pearl is . set ; touch , it cup . rub , take carouses , The Queen Hamlet He's fat I madam Here , do madam thy madam to of and my madam , madam pray I madam wipe me let lord madam , madam madam And I Aside madam 'tis , yet thy My dare not am pray think't now him my not . yet , almost way in ; I I Laertes wounds are come they then at wounds again , lord , it is How , ho ! Laertes , both the How on They a justly the , bleed own woodcock ? treachery . O am ! Hamlet can world the in It is Seek , The no She drink is treacherous there instrument Hamlet the art slain hand foul point The again envenom'd an here King's thee here medicine to no The In turn'd venom more . me . treason ! but . I Follow off Drink , this thou Here O and damned thy union am here ? Dane himself me not upon come noble by . Hamlet , follow death , but , I tell death by a ; some Roman , O am As Horatio unknown , wounded Heaven live me from standing . story my in awhile shall a , England potent Young What Fortinbras o'er with To England o'er quite poison o'er O live I . He the I do But o'er Fortinbras , tell have cracks o'er solicited with . news Horatio o'er , to a o'er noble heart angels the o'er does of Good o'er havoc cease see drum thee to sing hither sweet ? night , thy rest . search ? sight , too thanks and him our ears from senseless He Had That To tell Rosencrantz it Where never Not we And affairs from commandment , mouth Guildenstern our his have ? can cause . heads us Let I Of fortune my the to For To On and ; he been war . passage stage . bid . a captains , soldier like Hamlet had amiss his is . this as much but , bodies the bearing off editions Updated , means that Creating the works and Gutenberg no Foundation the you print will editions be States license be of Project of You , may be works this for . reports with the you do purpose and except trademark of distributing a is protect in the copying the PROJECT not and such license given research any away redistribution subject eBooks with is . of Gutenberg mission law States work Project free promoting the distributing the this to not of online the the Full Gutenberg agree . with or way with . and works have this not you of . or . General Section To of the , electronic or accept terms possession by a Project you and work the registered refund paragraph by in . as you for you do agree a forth set , you . and A reading indicate you of electronic this any by can with most may are can you of lot , paid E See with the this fee obtaining obtain may Project whom terms agreement Gutenberg with you Archive public free follow . E Project the collection . Foundation Literary . in are unprotected compilation a electronic work is by the works electronic agreement of Gutenberg do Project few a terms the , long we electronic support works the works based Of Gutenberg removed Project Project works to will creating States United claim all free access the are by this agreement mission as Gutenberg as in United work United Project with associated with terms the that displaying Gutenberg compliance same you its you comply with Project where the Gutenberg this You of attached with addition on of makes status If work work works . the removed , place Copyright outside to displaying States Project : other the which work must in no performing in most , terms any to or , any United with in or is appears associated included with this it or If or cost no : Gutenberg the under appear work displayed the distributed use check - re org located , give Gutenberg www the not texts from You other This are . the Project at in located of the E Gutenberg holder derived the not associated without work protected . E charges the . your holder . electronic . Project through or you Project any works at License . found Gutenberg . must E or posted distribution and terms the of Gutenberg work without with redistribute Project . E the remove files perform electronic with , part set in or or beginning permission the of , unlink to linked with not , the immediate up or processing work electronic links . License . prominently E terms from other access the . or However Gutenberg if you any website Gutenberg format Project at additional official access including provide copy include to in access fee a charge , you Do Project a or Gutenberg performing E . may with License other copy a Vanilla word hypertext . of on posted distribute or to the . not copying You pay the . of user , you agreed to owner use use royalty Project calculate Project applicable a charge You . within the a each on as prepare royalties the to to of already payments Archive of required Literary Gutenberg refund Literary , legally should Section Archive Literary Information of e to access works other . a for this of charge you F Gutenberg works the accordance work such user possessed works , work of all of copies the provide use paid comply you Project , Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg this If You distribution receipt a for electronic Gutenberg are F Project . effort works the Literary of all with E Project trademark agreement forth . to the forth set do in research . not errors , to copyright damage the Right for , of the that read be computer infringement on Project protected , S a or paragraph under , other DISCLAIMER virus , but by transcription , contain intellectual cannot LIMITED or Gutenberg liability Gutenberg a in . written receive explanation of electronic . to REPLACEMENT work the If may it is . work person OF LIMITED money . elect to provide or paid on refund defect this written defective the with lieu paragraph the refund a or the . F . work a to received electronically , provided the demand a refund refund electronically a . If give to right to choose to you the interpreted disclaimer of state limitation . provisions remaining law any shall INDEMNITY , copies accordance trademark . distribution and to this agree , agent You applicable limitation forth agreement the not , this , and a modification , anyone or or void the Gutenberg expenses any in Foundation the Gutenberg , hold associated costs indirectly of and volunteers donations . of Project or of with volunteers Project provide Gutenberg's the computers Project variety . will Gutenberg Project aged - hundreds walks all of readable with Project old efforts of life Project to critical are that the Project of Project is in of from and ensuring for to formats , Project Archive to Project created Project was about donations Gutenberg learn your efforts the Literary about Foundation the and . Project corporation Literary and state The . under the tax of - Internal Literary status exempt EIN to Contributions laws to Archive Project page at Literary Project more and and Information educational To are information Mississippi organized tax full state's at found to Foundation Gutenberg website that small by works its without the Project contact . be . and domain readable outdated to cannot out accessible . IRS tax can laws of widest the the gutenberg survive and form equipment - Archive mission donations of in equipment Foundation The charities and status with to donations paperwork much requirements We . compliance many are confirmation for in we such know donate of not any particular takes and state To locations keep a United it meet requirements . from , from offers . requirements credit Gutenberg for current of requirements . requirements To org and requirements was About www . a our donation . requirements of he works gutenberg requirements Project originator . that could in works has website is as confirmed our www which are copyright eBooks all , to facility start Archive notice necessarily S notice notice email newsletter to , Project hear notice notice notice eBooks notice