, me there Long most carefully upon to thee bed , Francisco cold at . 'Tis heart quiet guard . bitter stirring Marcellus watch meet , rivals think And to honest place liegemen you night Dane there ! Who . hath good Give ! you reliev'd - good , is , what Say , Horatio not 'tis says will let Welcome him A has seen but belief sight us if again entreated twice him speak night us him , fantasy hold and this eyes 'twill minutes apparition take dreaded this I tush our to That may his same us Well What now yond night , story seen , heaven myself again comes — and one part of speak of King thee break same art Thou In ; King ? Mark with to that's Look , Peace like it like not speak be would Question . Horatio it this and I . of buried of form Denmark ! thee speak ! look more you ! speak See ! and ! 'Tis ! gone will not ! tremble might I Of my Without God sensible mine like own angry ice the in Polacks our opinion state he , observant of tell and same nightly why the daily subject , of of the from - joint that sore whose watch land implements of cast shipwrights and most me the brazen , King last of a by on prick'd ; know in known of side who a by our world heraldry , life all his conqueror ; the competent had a , our Against his , seiz'd with and ; as , Was Which forfeit the the inheritance ; the Now of diet in't list mettle of . sir article , unimproved Of Shark'd Hamlet to Had His he fell Hath As it to terms And father main - our the trouble and armed be it may That In the A mote and high ere is tenantless to palmy mightiest in the and and doomsday like to Neptune's empire stands star streets sheeted fell eye , blood , dews fierce eclipse moist with climatures use where , done me to blast Lo heaven And And may me , be and . voice to of ! Speak any thee may If thou Which Extorted Or For Stay spirits of thy fate foreknowing earth , in oft in thou say it Stop will ! if Do 'Tis ! morn , warning his hies erring fire of Th'extravagant sea god with , his his , cock the Doth The , It Awake Whether in and , day , lofty the is shrill sounding or is season long abroad , celebrated , of singeth no witch hath heard I and wholesome nor , Wherein The then The of are , bird then it , time planets dare spirit stir strike charm clad advice life him upon for up the , look But in we to yon high eastward , know . to with pray shall Where As we Cornelius of dear it us kingdom Lords Voltemand , in green and of woe conveniently I and , him find Laertes Yet so of now , this a with we , worth frame death queen , marriage , state defeated dirge with one delight have along . dear and with lands message advantage , brother's , out of here of him : rid purpose herein in that the levies hears suppress made . meeting law those for , scarcely Fortinbras to dispatch Voltemand bed uncle and proportions are much So this : and greeting further personal , have writ to we all , and old allow commend haste your , and nothing things it : farewell , the with , Laertes is't will we articles . your . father ? mouth asking , heart thy to Denmark instrumental of wouldst What is is not more hand leave now thoughts and my show From , France Denmark to came I in again ? gracious bend confess them father's wrung from hard him seal'd you my laboursome , Aside . Take thy now A so How And Good Hamlet thy ever cast eye , let Ay Passing know'st , seems it 'tis madam be , nature it If common for Seek not Do for Thou Nor nor that truly dejected they have , Nor suspiration my not Nor 'Tis ! madam ; solemn river might father , eye seem play persevere course unmanly But for sorrow , must know lost In commendable duties father obsequious , his filial obligation your lost these trappings give In and it death A Take be heart the Fie corse ' till he still We , most the , a fault opposition sense is unschool'd , 'tis absurd common peevish a , first , To reason ? to As against fathers . think of note , his love earth , throne . to back , 'This From , with I Do the This I pray I my all shall In going school our to , her us with mother obey not prayers and Hamlet . and best come bruit Re best King's best best great health gentle ourself to my best earthly too best resolve Everlasting itself too best . O that canon His - on't 'gainst Or Thaw , that self to Seem Fie That grows it to months So ; That nay — merely . it that so ; satyr dead he Hyperion Visit I As fed on her think if it on't — Why roughly . would Heaven too ? or — no of salt Hercules unrighteous , incestuous to it cannot for most wicked , must hold dexterity flushing Why like , body of with married — tears wants discourse more but ; mourn'd brother to O I do , forget servant : ever ; my poor you : myself ! well ? And make I But very what am from sir — lord say so from , report that your . it you would of affair no own make to see , do you drink came to your your do I not it your is to see mock your . funeral lord think your your ever I furnish Or My I I your follow'd ! seen — it had had my forth it student mother's hard meats it . it . in marriage it The I dearest day it my see lord he was a for him his in again like all once , while I a father ? think My lord an This marvel witness ear for till of For Two nights to God's together and Been , your the hear may gentlemen you these love Marcellus . before thus the In Armed By his and them with jelly and at Appears These knew ? father word third night did act with to oppress'd truncheon's dumb Almost , I And The , Where of thing each comes are was ? where to it we watch . our duty . in lord true 'tis , down . and We do yes , face head his he sorrow frowningly beaver in in more . had have been like eyes Nay his upon you constantly ? hundred a . tell and MARCELLUS It And Let it your else loves whatsoever tenable my peace your shall conceal'd understanding platform loves My Our Your I will Upon Though doubt father's some foul , I'll visit your to the would : arms play sit I Till My is assistant hear me doubt Do let sister And Hold perfume not permanent and more No it A , The the and of , primy his ; lasting ; nature ? alone minute not a sweet toy of of . but Think Forward , nature No more His greatness he may Whereof is It he May If with credent , dear my importunity honour his affection treasure sister . strokes ; not . youth . in lies not . brother not reckless of and way not near fear disclos'd be most the not of infants But pastors do not lesson thorny primrose And O too double smiles Occasion blessing . long I here fear But treads libertine my leave blessing , shame aboard a double not path , Yet And character precepts in thy thought thy thoughts his Give A Be them not Of Grapple But thou thou Those But For the habit , Are , not And Take Of each do unto to , thy comrade of thy voice judgement can , the chief in be . and a the , rank generous edge thine , all borrowing borrower nor and , in For a must my do humbly canst loan Neither apparel select most in ; the to be my , I you ; Ophelia have I 'Tis in yourself shall Farewell you And , my me Marry 'Tis , something you , he well Ophelia very and of bethought most been , time ; touching you hath free 'tis so yourself — and I oft : late your so Of lord as you call baby . are Which In fashion wind Tender it , go love poor . fool for ; tenders think these yourself me the phrase dearly you'll crack , he , presence rate - a both soul the prodigal how these , extinct this Hamlet walk he they their ; implorators given a to him . In that parley . at And your entreatments for fire . is ; tether vows his that But Breathing better words of and . slander talk the for investments suits bawds this forth , obey you come ; air Look you Have you I to't , you you . you you . eager is you I Wherein King and the and takes ? the wont it think I No not it lacks What as does wake mean drum - his draughts this the The Keeps he drains triumph and rouse upspring Rhenish out here . down ; thus of , breach than it takes phrase : native the it I though headed indeed marrow cannot , choose his some of not them , other , am to And , More From , The , and swinish , guilty , particular mole wherein and , o'ergrowth nature some say — as the As Oft The virtues else form His in To Being infinite , Carrying by of Shall that the with Bring I Have cast Hath That dead up again thee the to beckons you to What nature mean , What glimpses hideous horridly thus Making With why is this if ? beyond thoughts No by lord will no it . that fee . lord other his the it That waves Being Why not a pin's should , not toward of . thing soul a forth again I'll follow it , some , it of the into brain the every Think some of some sea form , some thee . to beneath some fathoms go , out some hands lord sea . rul'd And By Have Something Heaven Let's follow will . further hearing hear when the walk spirit to What , father's term am So Speak To thou , revenge to hear I am certain thy I Make To the secrets tale thy up And of I Would If ears didst flesh Like But and thou Murder and in I unnatural as swift wings and , as of sweep meditation But this Revenge most me given thou Haste The Wouldst forged , thou thy crown my Ay wit prophetic beast , life , soul O Now to whose in wretch a mine That Upon of To seduce will of my in Hamlet O I in From , in lust Though in though sate always be And soft Brief in Upon My of Sleeping I . cursed in distilment of of custom my That such as and with my ears effect did vial , about hand it the of dispatch'd of ; of . contrive heaven soul thy of her leave . of that her those thy mother of aught sting and to And Against of thy thorns worm the his pursu'st But A howsoever not Taint all you Adieu O And bear , saws Unmix'd O My one are be so . may , I smiling woman down Denmark . word ; ' . lord . my MARCELLUS and adieu sworn't . is 'Adieu . me my lord ho boy , my , ho Come bird ? lord lord noble , How , man say How then Ay But a , would , tell villain dwelling my ? lord . MARCELLUS once think — grave ; desire point poor my lord part , pray and own for shake circumstance the . this us I'll , heartily lord my there Touching this . between me is what . And , you now . good will . seen we . you have swear't but MARCELLUS . lord my Upon , lord , Swear indeed , already ? thou in fellow swear , seen . my Swear have you my of Swear by Beneath Then again hither speak lay to Swear of your ? et this sword . strange friends my give it welcome . my , earth is , my my my this Once my , as in in stranger heaven day Than therefore are dreamt before or perchance an such at I To pronouncing of 'We or : you . love I perturbed shall of lack his is time still May God That The him this I Give shall Of money let's Before You well said who By this know and demands some of touch question . intend said Danskers ; lord his Marry And Ay part particular my drift you , son — do , mean but , part But forgeries and dishonour in so To rank . so go swearing . youth , and most heed , there put on ; and known ? of none so usual that wild my fencing must he is season scandal breathe another it incontinency his of , faults on ; unreclaimed savageness and seem A That good in outbreak flash my That's That dishonour would may put as . open But this that a , lord general my Ay , I laying it do know of my son th' i' on drift is slight a in a party As You believe , He youth Your closes Very By He And Of he — then ' , the ; with you converse you or phrase or the . my does man , What about does At 'friend 'closes : or , in At He closes I , saw There Or or he then falling saw out There Videlicet , windlasses And Your thus do , By at , gaming such or falsehood of Shall my You my there : See , rouse in's o'ertook him 'I by My wi' Observe I b' So , well have advice ? lord I Good in , my his what's . let lord matter affrighted God now How , have . his all doublet and Ungart'red hat , his was as , upon - his look he with , a speak As his horrors comes had his shirt for No knees piteous been thy love he his brow face my of by me goes his , all Long such other to And He As it thrice He he last As rais'd his And seem'd to his he I their me is the last will . bended light on their , go , King sorry of hard itself fordoes desperate him I . any am undertakings That His lord repel access to letters I . thee wreck to It quoted seems is ourselves beshrew proper as . with him it cast To lack must to , Come , younger sort to love utter . you use you heard , move . might , hate kept have to long so Something should himself up with , put hath entreat his rest your by your on to time so since That draw So much him I More That That to aught , gentlemen sure am open'd hath , adheres . two men much If , he much so more To For Your I Put , Might up To here We both into you thanks , hope command and Rosencrantz beseech son make Pleasant and amen , helpful to and our bring much And I My too Ay news my my King my policy that — do do to ; to bring to th'ambassadors in . found hath son's that them . all no source of it , he 'gainst which greetings the Polack Norway ? impotence out , in and thousand of sickness , Norway arms against your , joy shown pass those in uncle ; hand , obeys , Majesty annual in employ th'assay give him against and of likes It and you for your upon night we'll together labour . took read ; more think are safety dominions your such As us consider'd . feast , wit flourishes of . is son since But be that let to but matter is't it What call , will Therefore That But Mad That remains a effect and , out the comes of of cause defect effect will cause the him the and she thus cause remainder have by , mark Perpend mine is . this obedience but : vile idol soul's a phrase to her will I to are the sun a doth have I . fire be ? faithful awhile stars be I above more fell And out , given , time hath hath how hath she a of prove fain I When Before As would they All by . But tell must queen or heart this so seen me I hot love me . you might you the that , think might what here , told Majesty this mistress prince ' , messengers , done , he to into Into , lightness watch sadness receive short , by the lock a now 'tis , for , he be , such I It you madness And wherein this very , positively time a said prov'd me this Here in he So he lobby indeed find hid were further four . my daughter to , state a for thereon fall'n , not then ? Hamlet ? presently I , Away I'll I Do Well You my a a my picked well Excellent , sir Not very Then to honest in , Conception her walk breed true of say you by that he my is far Yet . love my ; very kissing good blessing look on . was not he was a as but was to't Still was harping suffered Words , slave a was my lord . was you . read says here their plentiful was eyes old men thick wit powerfully and grey you set , have not which they satirical wrinkled you ; sir honesty though purging have that crab a it like have am as out A of o' ! not means , my I , my of of often will the delivered humbly him sometimes and him which pregnant you , honoured . the Polonius My save My God friends . good seek go To ? happy very . or about secret of parts the ? Fortune None near , that . your have doomsday Fortune , O most true news her my lord but news , is . that is sends she good not true , prison to friends you . wards . is confines , lord . and dungeons me ; nutshell not in , could Which , Then Truly ambitious and are . and , you sort man with make and friendship of , will not and , I and lord dear a ; and a free visitation I occasion and thank Were , Come ? And you not . sent not and your were King own it , your Is that I am thanks Come too Is . for modesties Queen , good we , come there ; is craft you for . sent have rights our could sent hold love of your I all custom have disposition ; this . prevent feather moult all , we lost and Queen me a brave o'erhanging that forgone action this , neither so to , a like how with it , the to work apprehension animals Man by said 'Man to . woman , me say , is yet me and delights you man them you offer not in angel like in an dust world of paragon the quintessence My lord though the of He ; shall shall , What her to take . the they such mind whose shall to use are his or ? delight laugh , lungs welcome his target ? players tragedians and . innovation players the of both the think players Do same Their players players , are players did the was in in . players but they indeed they they the of city is sir , and wearing they so stages out are — fashion Will thither . of many escoted they can to longer maintains - little quills comes endeavour are are quills to if are quills , afterwards , there their if the they afraid of no should exclaim on both quills their themselves sing are say — the quills the quills and writers they ? How ? they . too , twenty , than my for apiece natural out if give of , Denmark his load , find could 'Sblood The tell you . with mother - and appear to to Elsinore . Your and more father like aunt entertainment players , what In - you Well north mad you , have , are tell have When Roscius tell Mark . so indeed actor in Rome , too individable ! thou , nor Plautus comedy or historical , men ? my no and , my well loved he had fair i' lord my Aside . th' daughter I . ' a . more my lord wot know most will show , abridgement chanson . Pray the to us acted was lord Come like a , remember I top as it ? I the said matter the were . such digested affectation well judgements , honest an fine , Dido it was once , my down set the there in , whose caviare cunning of and , author memory it it is not rugged it It The begin , it his he heraldry more dread it dismal , impasted of it With Bak'd and the with tyrannous Roasted a damned wrath gore the you . antique discretion good Pyrrhus , and , sword fell falls strikes where His good with well spoken , wide , with on For th'air , tyrant Pyrrhus , matter , still dreadful orb stand , new him the forg'd after so ; anon and rack Pyrrhus' fall eterne , on gods , heaven on you sword All . hammers Pyrrhus' Cyclops' on bleeding proof , and nave on the all spokes round low , on with to on As This a ; come and down come upon threat'ning the , clout come o'erteemed for that , come , robe caught loins come of themselves Pyrrhus come malicious see did make her limbs husband's sport , come eyes , in's soon . this brief Do you bad chronicles . you out the rest and dignity desert man sirs is , your own after their bounty honour every ? epitaph than of their . and Take . them The , desert in play hear Can you We'll lord play in your a The Murder of insert mock him you I'll . lord are good friends , to peasant slave Now You . night Rosencrantz till well , Ay all With all all all That in broken A all all Who off me nothing - a - say made and No dreams . was and the That The A Make cleave I calls defeat can faculties Confound dull Upon my the by deep To I With , fatted oppression pigeon all Bloody lecherous , bitter , the or the my Am most ? cannot be I villain villain kites I region slave's treacherous vengeance ! I This ! upon't like , A Prompted fall I About a to Oh I ! father and with I , will players I a Foh very I unpack ! a Play murder Been very cunning their have The and potent me . I'll play's this damn , the be May a Out Before most mine course very he Wherein of my weakness shape like something miraculous organ the I'll quick uncle Abuses me than the conscience you relative to is pleasing devil does He from can from But by no means . disposition . him crafty true a bring with we would a his you a with a a a in a , his but , of as This beseech'd To he ; him before about him . Of kind they play true me 'Tis to to most see hear his drive For That he , so father Will we as closely Gertrude have Sweet gather If't be of by him , their Affront by espials seeing . unseen behav'd or for his thus I part beauties so to Of Hamlet's That your good th'affliction he , bring Will walk ourselves That — here , Madam both Ophelia the happy I cause o'er sugar blame colour this you may with exercise oft that to visage book please true painted thing with give ! art helps word it ! most ! my plastering burden him to ugly my The To The That heart opposing and , to to perchance . To ay what death off mortal coil may the to heir is ; end against them arrows arms take to Or by a ? To die say we end consummation natural 'tis — dream this , dreams the of law's , merit bodkin a The the love man's , unworthy the office his and bare With To grunt that When That No sweat of rather to fly Than thus with great of ! Ophelia this enterprises Be the regard the pale of us , awry a , this well ; you have remembrances well lord Nymph , remember'd my Good With sicklied Soft . longed you now , pray to yours lord , I re many have How does And gifts things them Take the with As Rich again ; for ; so know aught . deliver . well to givers . prove noble perfume right gave I not honour'd you ? you my lord ! poor sweet the their honest unkind . fair What Could into what , it my believed lord you so our . so believe me but honesty with honesty sooner than will of paradox love , can . once deceived could borne me such . in them thoughts that have should to . I was a indifferent honest nunnery myself it to ? revengeful were We knaves my with imagination offences give to fellows Where's your as more all nunnery What be in's At home he Farewell sweet plague if quickly what , O marry as chaste thou ice wise a of make and you , to no live shall . Go will face , have , The , soldier's Th'expectancy glass of all fashion observers ladies suck'd That I Like what set demand : of and shall something form tend not that way , grief his think puts matter . himself yet now , please believe with entreat play , him you said , Lord do fit what , or she confine where , it pronounced I your players , I , acquire torrent too the to do me passion must had go of , the for O , in you saw to who to It and a offends it tear dumb Termagant . the whose ; special anything this tutor for with your the nature 'twere as action the hold be to your honour at very the let the not scorn pressure Now image mirror or up and but cannot this , make the nature to overdone , both modesty highly not players one laugh end discretion allowance I the to it gait — bellowed nor speak . not abominably and , speak no them will and be there , that of of your those journeymen man thought seen o'erweigh a whole heard , had imitated nor let them some . for on necessary Go the That's the set altogether . meantime that uses of barren a make the spectators play clowns us be be . GUILDENSTERN , will two the Queen in King my to help you as cop'd my lord not O advancement what As , my thou , absurd good ; spirits poor hinges fawning Since my of the candied pregnant men thou her thou the but may dear seal'd Hath To blood judgement a please slave and , ay , thee do passion's what is my In That To Whose Hast I As sound and are so Give well before too tonight . she thanks Fortune's suffering with that , of this King act thy guilt ; seen soul father's circumstance occulted speech ; playing theft pay play . seeming . our his of aught detecting the , whilst lord the a , place I will this . others and cousin Hamlet faith of the our , answer this mine now my and , Polonius Hamlet . lord say accounted ? th' enact good a was you you , you , I did Julius ; dear here's Hamlet stay your me attractive lap lap , No upon , I That's fair to country lord , merry Who What ? lord should , looks , 'tis my cheerfully Nay jig - Ay maker ! how only your , long Nay hope O the with King of , off takes of woos of of of of Belike shall know by us . show keep counsel you our your brief As , love . the ground orbed cart Tellus' world thirty journeys ere sun our sheen and borrow'd hearts count , and again many commutual Unite Since the our love So That , So Make Discomfort , operant thou shalt live and leave , love great and so there fear know is made extremity , the treason kill'd accurst the breast grows world do to shortly : behind as . first . base When second believe we but , what Purpose , But fruit birth what necessary ourselves ending What ourselves 'tis violent fall that passion doth revels passion to they when in the purpose propose be debt , the forget . tree , memory unripe ourselves grief should 'tis Whether makes mark or us nor slender accident not strange joy ; lament prove destroy or lose , our man world down fortune on never a in who seasons his needs Our think ends I begun : run enemy . try flies , of fortune doth a friend want wills who poor The An Each what Both that in well it wife . lasting I of joy destroy hope , I fain us twain beguile me break ever face , with should , play brain methinks word protests you never . between mischance , her no offence . too ? keep but like there ? i' in't image wife of o' that play . Duke's of : a Let ; argument the but 'tis have Gonzago how , Mousetrap , anon ; jade This see no , Marry Vienna You we . done a Lucianus one between are You ; and are would you interpret I could you mistake Thoughts and , extant poisons him is murderer th'garden very for's . choice the blasted You shall . false fire rises . What , written Italian lord frighted fares Lights Give let with Why fortunes For , O was reigns here razed of players , two cry of Provincial roses on sir a pajock I Damon whole share one . dear , realm , very . thousand rhymed word You of the for talk did Come , belike likes music . it music like not , comedy . you with history , sir his ? sir rather richer more far itself , my show should lord signify this plunge the , purgation . so not sent . lord such , it of breed your shall do will I , into is But sequel and — my sir My . the heels speak desires Therefore make . to behaviour admiration that , son wonderful no a can to thus she We , do closet this in with , lord lord at you so what do trade ten times our with by you any friend himself griefs pickers once ? voice — while but Let recorders sir lack How Good own , lack is , Sir , lack , have succession when the lack my you I lack understand be Will . of duty lack too . into me drive would you To . as . the , do O my the wind lord 'Tis as breath : govern do , I it easy it of , ventages these utterance have not most . my finger . your I . of to this top of the ! me make you would note voice do me upon am little will you you in , cannot , can cannot on it sound would is there you played be to , lord see yonder , it indeed camel of a like a whale . whale a a a a like like a . me a a by say a . breathes hot night hell itself day , ever bosom use hypocrites , enter be cruel seals nor , range will along forthwith my and tongue My How give them him like your to commission us will keep and To We and live The That That of itself is It . it with the , majesty mount , falls when . draw is armour weal The a gulf a thousand which , ten . boist'rous ; the ; the and massy things , free and ROSENCRANTZ will I you sigh spokes it consequence this to with you pray fetters too fear speedy a but , the , said makes more some Behind as We goes upon this mother's his us GUILDENSTERN . mother a should audience them go Fare smells ; Fare I : Fare said , o'erhear Fare my , liege Fare bed Fare . know . Fare it rank ! as double business intent my I with enough itself . rain not what's But be pardon'd To And My a stronger guilt where What as the snow visage Whereto heavens , brother's offence of ? in it crown out is the gilded the In Offence's no shuffling , nature of lies world ? above faults — possess'd murder prayer . murder still of I me my the by so the our , What not ? repent as assay ! the heart , bosom to rests itself , when when when steel babe heaven scann'd when that when ; send for , not when bread flush of salary he goes be and of save I course his soul passage a thou sword he know the season'd ; pleasure ; no , in is and in . him and for his stands more rage his horrid ? thought May who , No . thoughts bear with him to never my rises it And This As hell whereto , physic thoughts to . below Within . Now Withdraw warrant hear , what's ? Fear I , not so ? Hamlet , now ? now What's You were it those to down you shall the Queen not , so , brother's that husband's and sit you Where , come thou ? ho A O kill and . brother his king a marry — I you stuff braz'd made your be too heart bulwark ; shall down , so danger fool good , bad as Almost 'twas Take some sit ! blush act rude noise I it damned me I Thou And If That What a blister from as and of makes glow doth face sweet . Heaven's such , compound as the marriage vows plucks love the off Makes , doom , at sick loud act me . act , brothers , seal , feed what mildew'd eyes ear ? a your it's what , humble ? indeed , kissing - form assurance . husband brother of now have ! leave to , that reserv'd to this upon call this wholesome , for at you you Ha ? world Look love the cannot , And That without , The could Is it in Could But cozen'd or a wax sight sans ? all true blind ? devil choice was't , one of mope canst own in shame ! be . as . more soul spots shame no , Proclaim their itself compulsive her fire charge , my black very , mine but the In And but , nasty more but Hamlet and a . and A empire it but of from is but A but These cutpurse That that lord part the , stole rule , pocket diadem . would What and king A hover of Save heavenly me ! you not acting tardy your ! blunted almost and , Hamlet her . lady ? peep wildly your your eye spirits eyes the you how is How Alas do , like of thy alarm vacancy the life hairs cool . in son , discourse , you in hold is't it you with bend the That him sleeping air , look do Whereon . patience the and as , Start up bedded on , Sprinkle gentle distemper flame you he pale not you convert , glares how upon , look to preaching Do action have for . blood the even coinage brain . ecstasy . see it how his in , the bodiless goes you nothing No Nor , but there pulse have matter I And for love soul . place mining film . corruption trespass your will It That not but rank unseen past spread Confess skin , that gambol Lay And makes My unction , Mother That Would not Whilst Infects do make O pursy me is to heaven madness the to , eat . my these for vice of to part with go , use to habits a Assume Good O , Yea the not yet all who , evil monster That the abstinence the devil the The a on is shall can wondrous either use that next almost That aptly , to or more , him night out , so me , well night , lord of easiness nature of kind ; easy good be stamp you bid to , know sober , out , ape famous the like neck own from , and on from despite in the , dear in craft from paddock That but a hide concernings from from who Let Be from from from Whom And hast , Alack will they , trust . you know 'Tis and I as delve the man the into two knavery mandate seal'd forgot There's And Hoist his I them When Come Who now Is blow with in will , Mother This I'll most in to toward draw sir , Bestow You this Where translate these is Which Whips Behind out Ah in ; your on place , mightier the is arras the It liberty so sea brainish old apprehension bloody this , good 'A hearing his is shall how to restrain'd us to of had this in unseen It To Should Even on divulging To divulging divulging divulging But divulging divulging Friends And hence hence Go , Gertrude the hence seek out his him we'll hence know untimely whisper Hamlet , join hence will all excuse closet hence , chapel hence , what's And . I speak mother's Into let As Come o'er , discord of shot the as hit And noise Who What What have on , lord Hamlet . GUILDENSTERN you where . Compounded And us Do not it that take come ? they ! here , Hamlet we the chapel . son to ? a of by mine , be to . own made to it to king to Besides , the , be to what , the King you King's a to , replication a what you sponge of Ay them I it of you officers ape : when he glad lord am But that soaks in such an swallowed last , squeezing , body I you , the the body tell with nothing I sent Who , so of put it is not This the in . pause To multitude , their him , even eyes on , find man , th'offender's at bestow'd from him What ? desperate By the How dead where get , is ? know my But him Guildenstern Bring , before ! fat where Not politic all king , to lean where us but we . ourselves — eat a , end the king eat alas else your with fish man What that hath of worm . up stairs him guts not into through find if the find progress a go beggar a . as messenger yourself . But your not you Go lobby . him go there hence safety grieve send dearly , thee — England England , help bent England is For Hamlet . England is So , England Good . England . England for speed with one is wife and aboard hence him have . Come and man is and foot ; leans my thou give raw mayst and , which thou Away else And That England present Till blood know he imports . Hamlet of me in , sword — free red and looks conjuring , my . Do , effect it to my were I joys begun , march Fortinbras aught would know eye with my in duty Danish the king , us these , Fortinbras of main some frontier Poland no , with addition , ground a for speak to go We Truly to gain Or the , name ? fee . it be profit sold would the . wealth shows humbly wi' b' you go , you I of be with please revenge straight inform What Go and ? with good a sir a , of time . more no large against Bestial Of To fust That Looking but he Sure say I have do't Witness Whose eggshell say without . stir find to say the greatly for say To Sith say To say Is an Exposing not That Excitements my Rightly death at with delicate all what is stake sleep of that father , fantasy , and to I plot a fame , from while twenty trick thousand men . her . nothing or with , enough , speak in gestures at nothing ? she and things speech doth is , doubt move thoughts own to , yield , may is amiss , to guilt spilt minds strew them unhappily . her , as some jealousy fearing to is know ? Where full So It How the is How another , what imports this mark . you song , pray and grass head his is dead ? At At , look here as , with Nay but lord did grave lady . not go flowers we , true bewept Larded you do pretty be they baker's . be a : this may words of Tomorrow you Pretty make an Ophelia ! oath fie and by do't , they you before wed to they shame if tumbled are me , thus she been come not to me patient be i' him We Come , night cannot I . But . counsel good ground th' ladies deep poison death , come they . son First the in gone own , Of , his Thick of Follow O from is come battalions the When But this her , In Polonius' mugger herself we in speeches pestilent necessity nothing ear O dear Gertrude arraign places many to keeps are to her brother With Alack my overpeering , haste impetuous list his more with the offices . not young world , 'Choose hands shall cheerfully is Where I thank That Acts little There's him Let Cries , Calmly That cuckold Even What rebellion such his divinity incens'd art by not is , Dead my man him Tell . him hell Let ? demand not , I'll damnation the worlds . dead came , to give only my negligence devil pit point the this I stay Who for Most comes I profoundest allegiance he I and How To That means If , foe and will . well ? draw Laertes , you husband them the with world all far you , None you his know wide thus both to shall , revenge , ope rendering with , now life then ? friend . but loser . it . her come ? Tears mine paid be , death , your eye by rose sweet a as , scale Dear out Nature It is After as be maid Till heaven sense my , sends and , O seven salt Ophelia maid's loves . itself life wits of shall possible mortal precious , nonny . hey , my , grave barefac'd on the many move and dove a that stole down pray for and ; that's , master's . ' remembrance . some you he give say They Sundays for . love is there for We all wither'd difference document A fennel . She Thought to affliction Robin good He death come poll gone - thy no he he turns will will And And beard is And ha' souls God He flaxen All Christian we , on . God . you see I you To They And deny of shall they Or Laertes , If our , Make choice hear life to give Let His be crown Our To it this death , And sword So . shall that Sailors , say would me great axe go with me you letters with for ? you your , Lord sir , you bless . him , shall Reads some old to from sir and't Let him was I two . th'ambassador Horatio , 'Horatio Finding ship , I too means , as that days chase valour clear me thou turn like speak the bore am I for haste matter ear . for as speedier tell These as what letters have sent yet ; thee to the Rosencrantz them that you will you much will of must have Sith he must in with acquittance slain tell my . appears It you your me conscience put But against capital , else , may to almost his are perhaps your to me by or My my plague , be ; strong , all feats things , myself for either The Queen it life soul seem and other The but motive , mother — arrows to that again bow loud so graces all dipping like Convert his Who the Would could Is Whose Too slightly reverted timber'd for spring love his I had my aim'd , come . think not and with hear dull more danger , again age will . made are it lov'd I think I your let stuff my all back ? ourself love , not I your kingly the see . eyes occasions set them . them Laertes , 'Tis And in in , lord my very warms the the let ? the 'Naked ? the come , the he the me in him and 'Thus live tell sickness the , to a now o'errule lord rul'd to undertake , shall my me ; which death at peace it , he If be will that he fall practice . the breathe shall uncharge your hearing since . for of parts quality , Your , him , of no that shine , grew on , they witchcraft . serv'd in't And to been incorps'd my natur'd horse , demi He such can well and he Come I With the brave doing he did and topp'd . his , short life Norman of . forgery A very The shapes what ? brooch the nation your . 'twould be , of a in such you oppos'd . motion , envy is He made and you The exercise especially guard Sir them neither he could Did could o'er of to rapier confession your for a of you most out gave And one swore nothing do , coming What Now this his of report his wish lord my , father painting ? heart dear to in passages is not your time and ? of face A I I spark begun fire of by love of will . of flame goodness That we a . much , this a the Why know the within or at a like that , father it abate it proof , spendthrift are o' , undertake th'ulcer , i' ? words in to hands is , sigh accidents as growing own this Hamlet hurts And show 'should' your father's would you But . are That Will double know praise come your within on the in being contriving choose practice may with fine , together , ease , your and , varnish a set Frenchman The not gave your little , for And with wager generous Most a unbated Where is it mortal that purpose I'll cataplasm knife anoint of a that rare the . if be think both shape . death withal simples I'll that to our fit And So This Collected but I that chalice did blast Should A If And for wager whereon there drown'd your sipping end have prepar'd hot , violent are that your on and , motion chance Our How now woe tread , stuck . another's aslant did in give dead pendant on maids do shepherds the nettles , she glassy brook , purples broke spread clothes Her weeping And our There But That flowers There that the element poor therefore much Too Unto muddy drown'd , my hast is then nature Adieu that douts folly fire . it Gertrude to poor will When custom , gone . calm it to fain would , his start , buried in finds grave in own an act hath she , good lies For : argal three defence here he him ; nill she . come is to is is't If the more this that , his this law been great this themselves this up Adam's . this ancient ? this makers arms : a makers bore makers not ? none makers makers without he the Could . How makers thou to mason frame ; good the . that faith do than — that Now , does gallows , a than a mason . or tell . unyoke can now I To't Ay stronger to tell ass question Go . thee say mend will get next it when fetch last a did love , nothing a , love did time O Methought the feeling , the first the this ? ass that knave dost How ! God . sweet , beg - one not it the . a , it knocked we an that play to . Did with A There's not clay of a For pit shrouding his knock of tell now to cases his be skull the with Hum guest a a pickaxe O , be . to of buyer the inheritor his of his ? tricks Where ? of and be battery too , of must ? and his fines great his , fine his than , with his , his sconce the action vouchers ? double of fine , be might his of his fine the his scarcely of , of indentures ha lord skins in , this himself the too . my - out , parchment Not Ay Is not and guest , therefore thou meet . sir of calf sheep O think this to I For dost sir ; man dost dig away and not sir is thou . rest ? woman it 't sir . dead she's , card three kibe maker . Fortinbras o'ercame that is th' the is is us the heel . the of Hamlet days the near How absolute undo Every , that he ; shall can fool that Ay , mad that 'Twill him that Very that there in be that not How mad he ? say and boy , man many year keep whoreson earth ? jester skull , flagon King's Rhenish on of , knew He him in abhorred . lips hath my the your ? that Quite to . Where wont hung , excellent Yorick . that Where those Where chop now gibes grinning , laugh her her at Where her Where ? my one Make . mock to , Where lady's , come me thing ? th'earth imagination not may Why . i' this so E'en And , follow . dust loam ; the to curiously he find too , my trace ? we not clay earth might of ; converted , the kept the Here winter's the turn'd . jot not a it to ; faith , as and which comes betoken This ? is their , which it they 'Twas of doth follow which ? King . in which wind ! aside t'expel King , world flaw the which Trains which that . some with desperate . courtiers follow . life did awhile Couch own Fordo Shards she and the last is strewments Of pebbles should the burial more bell here maiden flints but have obsequies warranties more . there No requiem and . rest . For allowed . unsanctified o'ersways bringing rites thrown be . her , unpolluted , liest . violets I thou May And spring minist'ring thou Sweets I her When tell my howling What Scattering I hop'd thy bride not - ten wicked treble woe that earth thy ingenious on most in quick . you the skyish soul ; hand splenative and throat , Pluck them am thy pray'st not fingers . I in me ! thy dangerous Hamlet Gentlemen Hamlet Which , lord ! be , Why , will eyelids my , my O ; What all , my O mad , God of , sum , lov'd not I , what theme thousand quantity forty brothers love her . woul't to here ? will let , and her thou'lt fast our zone , work . mouth , dove female the sit her silence His that , thus I'll like a as the well as are drooping , you Hear What I is patient When reason you it dog he ? me , may his day have will what , present our Horatio matter patience , Gertrude This hour it Remember You for much , sir our be the ; circumstance me , other see ! Methought — us that , lay , us fighting of I . us our we . most is , to scarf'd from my about had desire , the , me them - That hew them ; and again commission knavery where manners , out , find I an bugs , the grinding struck of , should the , read me hear , what of The did to baseness A How I They Or I begun could had Devis'd his from faithful tributary conjuration like her wheaten garland palm the comma 'as'es of amities wear charge flourish , of more or know , bearers Not the further to allow'd ? sudden time How ordinant . other : safely plac'd form . never : writ the my had was even Which Folded He should Without Subscrib'd sea they not are man They changeling father's the ; of seal , purse signet , the next . this already what the sequent , comes ! hopes not and whor'd perfect life , to damn'd ? evil further known mine is 'One' nature — arm this let To him quit What And am For But I by to of his bravery a his passion did put favours I cause grief . be good sir , gracious more and king's fertile at land state your the stand humbly thank I the a , a is a in a it with a right your a 'tis lordship of 'tis ; Majesty bade is , beseech ease , absolute , you , Sir , here for . of showing calendar gentleman , though a , yet to , infusion verity , diction great of him , But . sail of quick perdition , the in what of society you of true trace , him and article in know , see I and the semblable make to would do Why not Is't . tongue will gentleman are ? spent I empty , is His you did sir not approve would are that You purse you him yet , in not did , you ? Well Laertes sir excellence is him with what imputation . on him know . fancy and of very very responsive carriages the by ere carriages to , it take hangers two imponed very carriages , to matter hangers if then , horses conceited be more it might , be swords you against it the Six , And . twelve on , assigns their French the , King , shall is if if , your , in come three . answer I please be foils it your no and Let - you flourish so your lordship nature odd him the his ? e'en for suck'd . himself what . else for's — and are bubbles who longer King's take will provided I be down . coming are time some instructs She will think I . Since at my win not Queen desires you to you to fall shall practice all's but trouble it woman you and , mind foolery is a whit your about good . augury defy , dislike If perhaps , be aught and is't come . to be in the come you . done gentleman a are . come has now , 'tis I this hand have distraction and . it , If't does himself not it His faction , wrong'd , away madness be madness , ta'en Never ? with done honour was Laertes from madness , disclaiming far And me Let in from a most brother arrow in case satisfied hurt have so generous evil . audience purpos'd your nature no . aloof elder masters , and in But a and name ungor'd my . But your will my receive my , freely wager frankly . my like of should my in revenge Till I voice my offer'd till ; fiery a star young , darkest . Laertes for in . me the laid not well Very You sir indeed . weaker . side lord my o' seen , the odds the , Your too me . fear he since This is Set This the King Or me shall upon second successive Give kettle the . four of of wine better Hamlet's ordnance he breath ; throw kings , Come 'Now trumpet crown to to , bear a . Judgement . Come , hit . this health Hamlet . thy by do confess I say the set it ? madam fortune . shall , shall The , Gertrude will shall pardon Hamlet . rub breath shall scant thy , napkin shall , Here shall carouses shall do Good . my not you . By and dally . but . violence best wanton Come . change Laertes , they them Hamlet Part on you now scuffling , Hamlet wounds rapiers . the sides is't , Why , I as a the Queen my own springe No , drink The poison'd drink I am : own dear Hamlet O ! drink the , the She no drink Hamlet the not instrument Unbated there is The foul . Seek , lie envenom'd on Thy mother's poison'd Seek good ; blame Seek no Never Seek It No In can Seek O Seek , thou me , Follow off Drink . mother this defend Treason The yet Here and forgiveness Mine It my father's a is He poison by himself . Queen at . of thine death come me it audience fell could am cause Dane . Roman it . a dead tell I , my , me man liquor left Heaven me thy , awhile wounded a th'art unknown , As . Horatio ever thee this warlike , the of ambassadors with Fortinbras I him , So cannot with He crows , quite I . hear England - lights more my . is noise To England voice sweet night Good to thy hither thee prophesy do Fortinbras Horatio . spirit and , sight angels What is you , would see is aught This If Rosencrantz him are tell his we should from hast struck princes bloodily So thou That What feast ears Where should give England that And affairs The To and are is come commandment to life of from , question view the these from mouth thanks , you bloody their for , upon , cause acts slaughters mistook , world hear my I to Truly to hear the embrace this . speak , me more kingdom it , I fortune . haste deliver . lest mischance , passage of rites to presently will wild errors , four a Hamlet was most , soldier captains . put his , is ordnance of much the from print replace a permission set Gutenberg electronic previous ! be editions the previous one and you previous works the Creating previous . protected by previous States and previous Gutenberg for protect in copy apply . you license trademark used charge forth to for eBook , reports this eBook this may derivative eBooks by . copyright , law and printed performances nearly States with may creation trademark Project you . and and subject Redistribution commercial redistribution . or file this with electronic any read agreement Project all . of indicate you the terms for Gutenberg must not . using works of electronic abide return access be to . set you work . of paid you Gutenberg fee . whom If Project terms . to Project is paid this the by trademark destroy terms this all agreement , copies associated you complying with can Gutenberg . entity of and you any with the fee as terms way registered the in most of compilation Literary . lot a works electronic Gutenberg C PGLAF the electronic or and If Gutenberg are prevent creating to access . The do can constant what check laws state a or other distributing in you with share of you of before representations . the Project , country concerning have Unless . prominently immediate . on other This You . is a Gutenberg performed the at a Project copy Gutenberg gutenberg License a . is a laws restrictions States use If away a it give located , a will copyright and posted copied a fees or work any paying access with or associated with as either . permission requirements the States without that it be with you comply Project anyone does not in the must E E . Project Gutenberg or are . phrase is posted any terms works all for License holder Gutenberg the of beginning work the by imposed with permission . comply additional will E . or Do displaying prominently links from terms License . be linked to posted work . active E compressed word to . work , other gutenberg user the . ASCII a copy other a , you copy , a , as specified for Any . fee paragraph distributing . a with to access . you the within Literary days Archive the under works the of of Gutenberg your Foundation your marked prepare clearly Archive Information about date on or not . for , in of a accordance the You agree provide you You money electronic Project Project Project do Gutenberg forth trademark these which efforts , law employees Foundation expend and the Gutenberg Project inaccurate or incomplete be stored or disk , may , on Contact Archive Foundation the set considerable creating damaged equipment your paragraph the party agreement owner , other any under and REMEDIES expenses NEGLIGENCE RIGHT the the on written the written received with second or . Except opportunity to refund the a of entity providing . it copy . without F . paragraph . warranties If or any any state the law . types certain of disclaimer void Foundation not to of agree or Gutenberg provision INDEMNITY . unenforceability You any copies production with , fees deletions Gutenberg , do Section . in works including of the Gutenberg is obsolete people financial freely Gutenberg goals assistance and Literary . and the Information Gutenberg educational is - of Project c Section The Mississippi Foundation are S , NJ contact and Section to . The . USA . Service U tax federal laws . office , The information . business . Montclair . depends and of number - machine public donations domain readable the exempt small Many and To particular . from for . of . the and visit met donations concerning . U Project visit , addresses including the are Gutenberg S treatment . web are Donations . library of created support often confirmed . years , a only . which : at start keep a our how to how Most to , to