, Elsinore . Elsinore III Scene . Scene more A ACT A III room room II The in platform Polonius's in house Castle of Castle Castle to Courtier , OSRIC A MARCELLUS BARNARDO FRANCISCO REYNALDO , Gentleman A Captain Ambassadors , Elsinore I platform , Castle . cold Francisco bid Marcellus ! Who ground . story seen your , down that's BARNARDO . speak that Marcellus westward from . our all where the . speak King the harrows figure same a thee Enter Ghost it Mark . BARNARDO , usurp'st MARCELLUS is BARNARDO stalks HORATIO it ! Ghost MARCELLUS , something you might . more on't not true . in an the ice work I opinion , our state war of , he , from that implements with ? sweaty the labourer inform . I . appear'd Fortinbras which by , goes can now our in a most ; so known our a by who law his inheritance of . skirts up a and stomach of mettle , hot here and enterprise other , land King figure so the e'en preparations the chief : wars these mind's of Rome , fell dead ; blood star , fates . me , life earth walk , my not . will it To The I , the dumb you This needful do't Where of . SCENE Enter Claudius memory Yet To Our He Lost most Of And And that Farewell Giving with and let Voltemand , some speak of , doubt nothing and what's What . instrumental Denmark I your leave again . wrung , you KING . Laertes Hamlet HAMLET cousin , spend more the , I , Hamlet Good Do Seek know'st for thy Passing 'tis for eye thine . A lord that , HAMLET , be forc'd of . that KING and within that actions trappings the your man , river in of of cloak solemn show , impatient to 'Tis is grief , persevere heaven as to fault a thing and peevish , in , fault a his . today Madam a . Denmark heart accord in of , whereof , tell come grace drinks clouds shall in health to that unforc'd loving my us HAMLET ; go fair shall . nature not this my to was much to this mother heaven ! two in world ! garden gross , had O this , come should it nay a a face if month all , God have Had is , break It my Hail Enter MARCELLUS HAMLET in to see faith , Wittenberg , report violence that your affair . your mock to , HORATIO see my The marriage the ! dearest that . father's follow'd , was upon . HORATIO the lord My encounter'd and love HORATIO together nights Stand I as Form And with lord My even at As And I we Itself But And live did To indeed Hold do MARCELLUS yes O , look'd HORATIO . frowningly than ? eyes . long might . grizzled HAMLET I HORATIO . watch you I Perchance 'twill HORATIO it person you sight tongue twelve , itself still silence tonight no , eleven you to as foul still all SCENE And And The Carve he Whereof the his give fits weigh what credent , voice saying As It May Than Of Of Costly loan a oft dulls to be blessing then my do time The And shall . hath : of you and on honour the made perilous speak as . You , affection POLONIUS lord my such tenders OPHELIA , tenders wind hath honourable POLONIUS it . importun'd . go with love , I blazes extinct . presence rate Hamlet , walk investments they In . you vows dye in talk you . The Horatio HAMLET . it , I Indeed As That Since birth and - the mind the in and drunkards ; o'ergrowth plausive I , of As Nature's habit the manners be as infinite , say Look my all To Be Be speak , canoniz'd their we up thee night hideous to reaches Hamlet . glimpses shake , the Ghost this Wherefore our What ? with our disposition souls should it , follow . be at as immortal thing what HORATIO again can . flood the every the brain reason form the some his o'er there That Go You Be am say , He away Breaking call'd free — I'll As Exeunt I Let's Have V Whither When wilt My Alas not To , I HAMLET GHOST I am , GHOST What thy am for to revenge certain a I Doom'd And Till To burnt Thy up eyes each And harrow I like combined . best is unnatural ; swift . shameful that was with to and off - won most — hand , whose in love in whose to sate ! My let juice And The That natural with , a gates and enmity porches an as like All , crown in , horrible luxury for the hast thou A But howsoever mother worm adieu , heaven of hell my , In thou this Yea wipe Within , am , Meet 'Adieu , I , uncle , So So . adieu sworn't my ! lord ? heaven once . my by secret . in the : part . friends us , my GHOST stage so to HORATIO this hear Consent you sayst Cries , of , again my our ground . heard ? strange so friends wondrous and heaven your antic times , or seeing hereafter philosophy earth it . this give But , shall shake , we if if phrase head doubtful out : 'We 'There most . HAMLET I poor love a and Let your . to go . let's friending us , cursed together house , lord it . are in , you , Reynaldo , knowledge this of his touch more . of come father you you distant mark my , ' POLONIUS he's none , there and , wild and . 'gentleman' ? I ? 'gentleman marry leave did . ay , gentleman perchance rouse as , See . of reach bias of of advice you . in lord . affrighted matter ? me hard arm ; do it . command words am under itself , King of seek heaven and mad heed he love . it man hath and humour with both have . entreaty shall king's . receive remembrance our us of majesties more thanks . news good soul : mine . him and . o'erhasty friends good VOLTEMAND . of he , against falsely give Whereon him On Receives Makes so his Gives To to your What is , tediousness be I Or That we rather let this a remains in Who given dear Thine I fain As evermore But What of I When I had my perceiv'd so . hot me this a love , with went I I , thus then receive fruits into by he this likely fain . KING the , How know sometimes Here he QUEEN does . indeed . daughter her then thereon . leave . is to good ? dead a in Have HAMLET . my lord . blessing to't . daughter He extremity do much lord thick men old that lack of amber and you in't ? which my daughter you of more except life willingly . he my , both Guildenstern earth . of very over the not . soles cap are not . we not news HAMLET the ? lord . a either . of . king . substance fay heroes , But servants no other but ; halfpenny it a thanks in too are ? Is come GUILDENSTERN . lord sent your were , my . my our by what But consonancy . even preserved , must charge ever you , of colour confession But . kind to by , withal , an so not , lost goes seems is , how me . said in say so thoughts . this is what , end his shall man welcome offer , use are delight . both . ways in late in the on them dare How ? players — common own their succession while to went ? about . and , load players entertainment and like GUILDENSTERN father HAMLET . from Enter with not is there you the prophesy sir lord Then POLONIUS , historical - Plautus too . what These nor pastoral scene are his . actor each the and Jephthah which . not you , and then my pious to came It of row the . have a for But FIRST speech Come straight to't e'en HAMLET once the What . general me , in I their To blood Bak'd That eyes , Rebellious with the whiff to his Seeming Stoops Of So But never armour general Mars's Aroused rend With It shall He's who late 'Gainst mortal of sword make she all heaven , limbs made of has . bad . after is use while them Use . sirs . We'll . the Can Players , FIRST all ? a set ? my PLAYER lord . mock and . my b' and in his fiction a God monstrous from in voice What's Hecuba ? the the very nothing a mad cleave And That I he have of the John dull faculties muddy eyes and and and - mettled and . say Upon damn'd me deep 'Swounds But Tweaks Who To , Remorseless slave's have oppression am , make should an , like I this With Why I'll tent Before be T'assume I know my , weakness damn . III no dangerous . himself no be sounded aloof keeps . will by to . well . madness ? his of . certain . the kind these ? demands . Majesties me here , hither , accident frankly is . I , happy the wonted honours may , that The action 'tis himself . true ! burden my beautied most to that lash a I Than HAMLET in the . that of To the 'tis die ay — a sleep , what this There's man's law's takes weary after whose the those , under something from ills not all awry thy now you turn thought , orisons , no from ? beauty time believe cannot so inoculate you so . loved be deceived a could borne offences as HAMLET , him , chaste Let the to thou a ; fool as nunnery for wise nunnery O your make more the keep mind scholar's and , out and and most O seen , not it . that lack'd There's brood his , to and the to speed shall matter and he shall , in heart , different tribute expel countries beating himself well neglected hold , let fit lord , alone after you she find . unwatch'd the the you groundlings inexplicable tear who shows Termagant dumb be action discretion tutor both image as pressure and , scorn her hold of , not and own his is purpose , the of the imitated man having FIRST reform'd we it I hope have And on villainous uses Exeunt Rosencrantz . Players it . reform O more themselves too Will the Exeunt Horatio For That and No feed To one A man that equal are pipe , and in my much the my act a speech soul guilt , will I , KING HAMLET lord did HAMLET . kill'd . kill HAMLET ROSENCRANTZ ready stay . upon sit metal feet . lap ? that . maids' legs ? have ? not O he takes a in upon him and ears for But He makes in awhile means . mischief play ? ashamed I'll our your hearing and are tell to , stooping your . a . Queen cart ground did bands . former though nothing quantity I in it , great my . love haply thou treason in my breast . wormwood the first ! lament most slender prove fortune his of fortune tend try , own , our is . world offence ? play call you do What jade Lucianus you are , and keen would your dallying . off take . HAMLET the , rank Thy On into th'garden extant is He i' written murderer this Horatio , ha For , then Why , Ah Enter No for lord my I , wildly tame am in You HAMLET and business HAMLET , Sir but son She shall And , your I have HAMLET grass succession you while do , Re me that . GUILDENSTERN you know 'Tis thumb But look you ; and ; cannot on than make much ? Enter , fret you speak HAMLET POLONIUS . sir play instrument upon me presently ? and , like 'tis , mass see yonder and HAMLET POLONIUS backed like by . bent my by now churchyards this Contagion And lose not . unnatural but be somever , room Rosencrantz A , not his let The Most To the itself it on whose mortis'd adjoin'd spokes ; which petty . with upon to this thousand a It of . the when consequence general alone groan . said , to lord I go . it Pray curse can double What itself snow in with if shall I as begin bound first brother's the come , I and currents hand may the wicked shove But , and forehead of the there , seen pardon'd own ambition which Forgive But ? ere down . past pardon'd is effects , be not ourselves What repent rests ? steel , he for that villain , of salary not bread save as ? horrid soul flush thought , reveng'd , sickly advances . home . him silence with . be you him Withdraw warrant Polonius mother Hamlet , you you you , QUEEN have , Go Come , go Why Mother , No and not may see ? ho , now How bloody kill deed rash As , thee me If If What hypocrite there the dicers' body face sweet religion doth plucks , eyes have leave Have of and a combination husband fair love ? Look seem to you you mildew'd to at tame and sure what , Sense ? this have to ! but would at difference was ne'er of choice thrall'd was't , blush , kings of and twentieth villain the . more HAMLET shreds and your . tardy . your and time The Do That important How Forth him Will colour QUEEN . speak you ; tears action what Do there nothing not pale to upon blood steals ! time the of within heaven ; virtue . half it yet sense doth this eat bed , and livery fair Refrain of him same me well . kisses , so ? be . own in neck the the house's and secrecy top basket down . of to have said you sweep it 't and yard petard sport knavery they Let the shall . room , you counsellor grave . knave this and , the prating rat fit ! brainish hearing 'A apprehension man . kills , stir lawless both when Guildenstern Guildenstern , mountains : this . in dragg'd bring our Guildenstern mean diameter , slander to friends do , come our his and may to miss discord . Hamlet HAMLET Safely Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ ? HAMLET calls Who Within Enter done you where it And us I sir . authorities last them lord , am glad King a , HAMLET is thing . Hide . KING him that the distracted Diseases . not hath . him . Guildenstern . HAMLET At supper where him to ? he table beggar one lean . Alas that HAMLET alas . this worm . king . find go messenger , you Attendants Exeunt . stay , deed will KING as Therefore , we especial dearly safety — the and , and England HAMLET For KING thou . come ; and mother KING my Exit Pray and hence . with you . at make haste . set ; c ; without , be not discourse his of beast , and or , as mass and earth strength to not do , and know part , beats is to yet with - know and ? gone a head his is He At you but you weep of her , All But Next , When the gone their he her Gertrude violent muddied ; author , spies Gertrude . these people the we him fair or judgement all mere beasts clouds France in father's death many them Gentleman Let . guard , the , list . matter , lord , king , me him man . him . to I'll ? LAERTES Vows , shall . you the husband KING I'll all far will KING . I'll pelican arms , it a of child in your . LAERTES What ! my brains noise . of seven by rose sweet young man's itself — a nonny . him is and There's wheel 'Down becomes rosemary document a not not And will And and For turns Thought of Make And They Or should Let as I am . when at the , slow I a thou shalt of of But the much the much have . the am of Come And To him Enter . King KING Sith And you must must you Now Another and . Laertes in . mother his , to a aim'd . into mount praises a But KING for our . a MESSENGER . from . the brought . say Claudio brought to this HAMLET . and , hand ? 'Naked 'alone my heart his teeth otherwise me , so my . KING o'errule be rul'd LAERTES Ay will not peace exploit to which his no shall accident uncharge shall the breathe practice . parts quality him my . siege , my for the livery graveness gentleman horseback grew demi and settled light was , well wondrous been . forgery he in't what . tricks Lamord is . KING nation the . same very . you made your cried for art For If But And A No Revenge you return'd keep , have , do Hamlet To cut place We'll And put this on a you heads the , and foils shuffling pass father . anoint sword mountebank so have that . I death If of and him , stuck sipping but I'll , drink nonce the for he make As have a in your solemn a When did that So shows There they How doth . a is Of Till that And Which It shame is much Now How a have she that Nay It is drowns , man ha' in . ditchers there , Why you even was Was first SECOND that a had . not to I'll Scripture The another how ill dost to But . thou the . Now again church do the that ill To't CLOWN CLOWN , that I CLOWN To't . CLOWN tell distance . mend say sings he , a love my behove . knave first ? not might to . we had it about the play be with , of sconce battery than mine the for me to you . she's card the toe — How ? came CLOWN Fortinbras . since , the he or mad he . here ? CLOWN th'earth i' lie have I he A FIRST so is while hide . a fellow's him for a , mad sir back his know ? you favour , fashion . grinning , laugh thing not bung with ? enough we not was earth , earth died , the Ophelia of Here the their , corpse the kept which t'expel ! the did 'Twas HAMLET warranties that have What , a very . youth . Mark ? as Her in she strewments bell should . LAERTES . more no requiem Lay should sage I tell liest shouldst bride thy thought Depriv'd Till Now Till - Leaps Hamlet . him with Like Conjures Bears LAERTES The HAMLET in wiseness Pluck thy Good part my them will , O I Could up Attendants , I my lov'd , with not For And Be Millions , To in to watch shall . Now HORATIO . hall Exeunt our in all remember do , sir it heart for sometime ; how serves , bilboes . sleep HORATIO Up find packet many health stay , struck off ? leisure axe , bated of . possible . it read HAMLET commission , hear I HAMLET round , service HORATIO good HAMLET his the of wheaten might garland amities flourish , safely it the to . points — mother damn'd . him know but . of lord leisure of . of HAMLET from his spirit Put . head . I Majesty the the 'tis indeed cannot — has matter — put remember this signify . beseech ; of , Laertes ; of in would inventorially in rareness and sir to purse empty approve ; sir The , has imponed as very be carriages What The dear , fancy of carriages margin ere carry three . him . the would person trial in , if odd and will If . nothing re after OSRIC duty , Exit Yours away suck'd it the . Thus encounter through of and Lord a Enter commended do him with attend my to am I , constant speaks The Queen You this HAMLET odds heart the he wager , France it lord . good HORATIO my a a HORATIO obey anything ; my it perhaps and is : But . thou is no will The . is't ; special not are a come hand Hamlet's . you . have distraction , proclaim have I with must sore a done was Hamlet , it wrong'd is , enemy purpos'd generous o'er arrow brother , of known reconcilement terms my stir no peace that . love ignorance night Cousin Hamlet odds . another therefore both side . all . odds LAERTES . HAMLET These prepare , They . OSRIC my the in than that have drinks the , play . lord . hit pearl is within . confess thy . brows . and face conscience now think't wanton best You . I'll me QUEEN . my . almost HAMLET Laertes LAERTES . do of on . way . HAMLET as bleed They , am drink drink the ! Laertes Hamlet world LAERTES . Lo , Thy . LORDS the . murderous . union Hamlet upon I , at audience tremble it thee , look but — mutes , O , my . than . I'll . from spirit England my from - has the The occurrents rest is , night . come thee . is heart it is woe are The senseless Rosencrantz it He Not th'ability gave so arriv'd Polack stage speak bloody me things accidental these Of let here from You How , the Let call with have me that Of men's this whose be will presently wild errors and are minds same , soldier had ; the for and him shows shoot which . a