this relief thanks Get carefully most live ! twelve And For now come at had guard bid ? and good , If rivals The you of Stand . my , Give hath who you , Welcome , Touching will What That are two Well burns comes . off figure , that's it the like ? Mark it and dead King to Horatio time of thee this of heaven ? with Together thou It would is It which the I . night warlike charge offended march that usurp'st that fair it , speak ! speak gone 'Tis ! What Without it not Of ! Is thou art like was ! the eyes sensible mine own ! Such very armour to th'ambitious in he thyself the As I you ? on't , my When he Norway . true and avouch ? this King combated parle the . hour this ; knows state our of work strange gross stalk twice In in bodes why of shipwrights daily mart the task ; brazen subject tell most of implements cast Why And now Why But sit this nightly such for war land whose the week sore me toils the , from that can That is't divide toward be And Doth make Who night . me - I to of pride valiant Our but whisper Whose you on Was joint that can so not Did to by , even combat side this so he To been he Had forfeit , the this Did to carriage by our of moiety compact lands him , full and of , article by King inheritance ; as , Norway here and , Fortinbras , other , enterprise resolutes . King the portentous of so these like figure e'en so the it land this other but wars , on demonstrated together countrymen . still Neptune's in gibber influence the earth me there If If I'll cross thou it That But , soft , though any good , to thing and thy thy earth , in and Marcellus my partisan ? heard have I a guilty when , is the at - trumpet . earth , majestical , the to his , sounding the warning air , throat , hies truth , lofty his the , Awake Doth with confine the 'gainst Whether in sea And made and Th'extravagant . To Some his present crowing object on say , witch so , morn of what watch dew heard I Walks o'er look , the in yon and So have Break But wholesome spirit gracious russet mantle power is eastward believe hill advice speak , tonight by my I fitting him loves in consent , and our this duty with acquaint have upon do't Where I will life and him , pray our brow woe ; kingdom nature on fought our of Attendant , and grief in in , one discretion sorrow wisest remembrance sister to 'twere this , funeral equal In mirth in one better this With scale to , and with wisdoms along , a He his business uncle bed his impotent valiant the , brother and father : is for with of us worth our dear of out and surrender not with by our late lands those all So time the for To Lost our Now Thus gait , good Out further Of Who , lists and , herein we , power scope of , levies old , greeting and and proportions that to , of young this subject Norway Voltemand , the duty : this you to business , Of For haste more personal . you , Laertes asking heart the not thou to What . be not more Denmark have thou my , father lord . pardon came to to and . hard father's duty , leave , now fair best , my and will less , and kin is beseech will lord hath By his your Laertes you Have Aside How , more hour do Upon Laertes He Laertes Take thy Laertes I But . Laertes so let And Laertes Thou Ay , through common know'st Laertes to must , know the eye , black moods in is so it nature , common madam Why it If be with thee the windy with No But These duties in , of nature your lost and father , lost the are I but and denote trappings that have can they give father To do It heart a But for sorrow . incorrect . a unmanly 'Tis mind is , common is opposition a , in the we An shows Of fathers against reason of From be first corse think us nature cried world throne throw note intent son . school It going most , Wittenberg our , to common who We pray that died , earth to today hath of he , for immediate let nobility For in your love , take , beseech back is we in Our I pray , shall thee Do Let gentle and unforc'd that accord in Denmark clouds today , away tell . dew again come , whereof of Hamlet grace shall the ; heart to heaven the But canon Fie dead two months grows on't That His Hyperion it ! seed . a a excellent But her might nay satyr not loving that and unweeded and rank things That king so , he , O Would Niobe , I , to — salt on Why roughly , remember That , Let A With which all mourn'd Hercules , flushing O the most cannot come sheets incestuous galled , eyes to unrighteous mine — old name thy father's those poor my or shoes she , body my of with even like uncle month discourse , reason Within no married more . of in , her most the married Had is She But such ! must I your I Hail to am what And — Horatio , Wittenberg my servant My Marcellus see lord to very But you , so my enemy of do ear your violence ; truant report . depart father's mother's follow'd me drink your I what I my to , see it , Horatio the The ! forth foe day father . meats . heaven . king . a ? the , He I a ; I Season your , witness attent Upon nights Two and together let . these on hear me love marvel God's Been thus the In dead waste Barnardo Goes slow their and encounter'd point and figure cap thrice he solemn surprised they . the watch This fear him to with length speak the each had impart they , whilst secrecy them dreadful and not third deliver'd the not lord , I head up it like , then motion answer It My made it the vanish'd And the But at Itself , Indeed do it shrunk . our it troubles this lord down of . face up . or . very pale , Pale Nay And fix'd While MARCELLUS Very His beard Not Longer ? his , well . farewell twelve fare no ; not is All mine 'twixt , your your honour visit So , tonight . the foul to will deeds , soul my play : arms ! earth are necessaries winds give men's eyes ! rise nature , embark'd sister , hear the me doubt from you ? that of primy not of sweet No , permanent hear perfume and not hear suppliance . lasting a minute ? hear hear hear ; temple . more crescent but And now withal and more For In Grows The no soil service ; as it . inward Think of his but does nature For he may He The is ; for The therefore himself not , for and so wisdom voice and ; health himself subject will but for must fear you birth his not his is to unvalu'd for this on for as must sanctity for his his if of he for it you further . withal for sustain open dear . chaste goes , loves says believe place to particular his of Denmark and deed the loss ear , unmaster'd rear enough affection of danger is in of keep , To Ophelia shot maid unmask itself the oft best , though in . fear : the of . spring disclos'd of lies else . this pastors rede . lesson to libertine do way heaven treads dalliance But good good own comes for reckless , father . my . double second aboard of my sail . vulgar steel tongue There the Aboard ? for precepts thy his by unproportion'd , thy unto to entrance Bear't do new not friends Of each that But Look Those them hast , th'opposed , palm with but but unfledg'd with beware but purse rich the not judgement . in few . can , as fancy both generous nor most France select loses follow to dulls borrowing a and the oft both in chief : man true ; both day both . both servants your , the to this thee both remember Ophelia I What he to said ? late yourself very to me you , your , been as caution not it is you ? daughter you ; free you of What Given So 'Tis Marry , told If that my You What behoves hath , As between Of my do be way in of Give made . you think yourself a more the of the these ta'en tender wind — are have , not know believe Unsifted in , Affection I Do My lord Ay Or And , the the tongue vows to he fashion with love poor fool phrase know , lord my to . the , in ; time making - rate ; For a parley entreatments command to scanter much You Set of for promise light Lends Do Giving Than not of given you . In few is must not so may with something Be Believe As , talk any and for obey terms beguile that slander plain mere bites air you you The you ; it you you is air . you . to ? you the twelve season near struck . draws my this The King and drum triumph Ay , born than and west , height takes swinish , drunkards traduc'd us clepe marrow oft us And That As Or for some birth nature breaking by Being From our it their in Oft The Carrying cannot of , origin his their By down the form His infinite livery , manners plausive of As else be or Fortune's — Nature's Shall general damn'd , us blasts ! from hell , Hamlet but ! death in marble and , answer ; mean this complete steel , tell call charitable or a . thee in spirit thee Be Bring I Be speak we not up dead thus hideous and shake we this quietly ; ignorance burst why hearsed jaws moon of nature souls should sepulchre , the cerements saw his glimpses again What op'd cast it To you some you with to removed Wherefore action . it Wherefore Wherefore will not Wherefore Wherefore It Wherefore And immortal as what my forth , again toward the a his That do my What beetles the you set Without looks And so That to it if Or o'er your madness puts place very The it many Which And ? Think desperation to roar me fathoms into toys As I makes fate My hardy call'd heaven I By say away , Let's ; is Have Whither wilt When will Pity will me but will will will will will To I , to thou am I for I harrow Thy quills ever unfold blood this each particular upon unfold and thou unfold dear unfold didst unfold flesh Revenge unfold most most foul me Haste Wouldst thou 'Tis given not thee That rots but did know process whole on in thee thee ! youth thou thy thee father's prophetic of Ay , thee thee O O and a gifts seduce of , whose most my , wicked So witchcraft me it I as were will mov'd be poor - seeming But it dignity decline heaven , air , of radiant natural hand was even and with to vow link'd bed . Sleeping of hour hebenon my , quicksilver sudden a natural And The leperous and most eager as alleys with , All Most curd , tetter and bark'd into dispatch'd , account ! horrible but the Thus Of The And thin a - I reckoning Unhous'led even was , of sleeping all nature in bed damned horrible to , queen . body , crown Cut life No O not Denmark , soul to at near . uneffectual . worm adieu adieu . Remember old heart ! heaven bear In And Ay prick To shall O All with most villain Meet past pressures , copied of . matter baser O least tables . And That , from distracted I'll , the away Yea books all alone ! word ! it I , may , adieu , Lord Hamlet . my it , Come , lord ? come wonderful , it . heaven tell . my I would and say you , then ghost , needs You Such as as every Look you is , For These are And Why fit that my lord , To right it so tell hands and desire , own go offend and , wild ; your but offence much , Patrick , but there now , me , and good here , let , Horatio you , lord Touching ghost scholars will . tonight not . my What lord we what HORATIO , my in , Upon my , indeed , upon boy on hear , Cries lord my my I , sword have sworn We Ha by Swear speak thou so this to Consent , ha Never And to your Swear again Come ? to lay worthy night but more Canst this ! by , pioner , heaven help think , strange wondrous earth and your so give disposition , and this some 'We if phrase could of , speak' pronouncing list , Or arms There Than know' such and by Swear me So know That Nay was of your and love poor I perturbed Beneath , all May , The willing and lord . Reynaldo , inquiry sir money will marvellous him notes . behaviour did , to , lord very what wisely good make his at what , And As Than do , this and said your 'twere particular my demands but , be I , you his , 'I — mark very well do , father his knowledge will come touch , 'not Reynaldo say , wild , heed marry and Ay he ; wanton him ; ' mean part in 'And him ; you so , there please noted take ; and ? far swearing go , so . dishonour him , the him ; of scandal it . another open but the of , quaintly fiery taints , mind his blood . good do ? this . crimes ; assur'd 'gentleman' sound be ' guilty believe laying You As youth The Very good , then was I does At the ' consequence 'gentleman the the , know ay t'other the or , at , the windlasses the find directions bias the , truth reach of in's and day 'I o'ertook sale' now See of of . advice , have with of so takes a forth this brothel a do With By by son you God b' you My . And Well him I his inclination . the what's Ophelia , Alas my in was with head his gyved - knocking stockings each hell purport me comes been , he loosed knees piteous his foul'd to thy for Mad As And with speak not What said all his his , and mine he down profound his shoulder his without way shatter without over done so thus perusal hand length such it little a draw to sigh a head waving piteous and up shaking he all bulk , help their eyes , King . the love itself I am sorry command did but jealousy trifle age ! move . King judgement my our he beshrew But . thee is common go close , might did him him did and humour both hath should inward thus did with youth rest young of from of so to your court companies did our brought . neighbour'd of call be put , did , gather thus glean , did , to him remedy . may so your days th'understanding his it cannot dream father's was . his by and you unknown from on draw to as lies time so being To So aught , much talk'd will hope will time your supply Your As To to the more hath awhile fits living , are you of there it you , command , feet of the both Guildenstern gentle commanded gentle Rosencrantz to and beseech , you , Go . at in obey ourselves dread Than pleasures your Put Thanks , bent full presence . presence presence presence presence presence presence my , hold to do As O speak news Give shall me , my grace Thyself fruit He I His other the o'erhasty fruit and that th'ambassadors to bring great . fruit he in . found fruit marriage . him fruit son's , all fruit queen is and of but your friends shall my from our father's Well Welcome Voltemand first levies , preparation Highness be a His To was Was That Upon fair return , greetings of sent brother nephew's better so Fortinbras To Gives On as please entreaty it your might With That It likes regards our well us and are set , enterprise , this quiet shown give allowance to further and down . home for , thank welcome madam , and is , day time time , be night waste the true is to it I call but to be nothing else madness of wit is , and mad . all ; that 'tis : true for then that . effect that figure art that no true that , cause this of that mad we But it this Or remains , daughter duty have comes that defective he is pity rather and of 'beautified' a is . hear : phrase , my . whilst , the she is mine Ophelia — defect . thus mark , surmise Perpend ; most ? have not believe , to art I . numbers , lady most liar love , move whilst dear at doubt sun his means show'd daughter , mine by ear she to , these O , never Doubt am This of fain how hath hath time me solicitings ; place . you might on what you But I , seen prove man hot this so must , tell here with love I No the heart I winking had I What 'Lord my . lock then , book , dumb bespeak gave no I ' thus , And a into , Admit Thence messengers not you given If out be Hamlet young is should , the a short fruits — receive herself of . resort fast this raves , that we And Into to Which done a been It , this for , by he wail wherein , then into a declension into and That such have When Do be you I I I . ''Tis I'd be will indeed find hid were , thereon daughter to then love an time encounter from I . Mark such and arras hours four reading a farm be it . assistant fall'n state my behind try his reason will keep But try a If me no not be try try you my - a - God well try know mercy ? try . man , That's very maggots breed if lord my . conceive Conception Friend daughter on . harping , a . may sun Aside that i' th' he ? I Still fishmonger to't look suffered gone Yet far love my ; lord read you slave satirical the For faces and are wrinkled eyes lack it set you , amber grey wit powerfully and — sometimes daughter of willingly will , I life . my that anything my my lord there he sir , you Hamlet Lord save God Polonius To to seek , lord ! most ! Good How lads children children indifferent in Fortune's children On children Happy Nor children children children the secret , Then particular . What , she , But . Fortune you none , goodly to 'tis makes ; so makes one too it confines worst . bounded , 'tis ; nutshell be . and a lord bad king the . good is there it your I are A a , bodies For , outstretch'd by my . you . rest of you make , with I friendship honest way you visit in beaten I will my even thanks are thanks poor inclining it , man of I that dear justly . we looks your to anything confession But What Come , it colour of with dear a Is . speak . and there not . you ? visitation And Were a halfpenny but , lord have sent should teach me the , the in I consonancy , even enough know let by more . If we , My why your you ever - I then , Nay seems , look to lost and . I you tell late I will wherefore lord so ; know the , the indeed the earth it shall you golden , this sterile mirth feather forgone a so goes in , of My quintessence , appears , goodly most faculties dust an What firmament this other a like in world the by from if there not no such Man smiling was , thoughts . said I you , coted We to you they shall be knight sigh clown the and Even those the shall of He to take man gratis so residence . for't How No both city they it followed I Do Do by it endeavour little they when means think comes same estimation they aerie and children , so berattle most , tyrannically afraid children no goose for't so grow no better — them ? their themselves than Who longer own in to cuffs no the for ; and player ? was . the and . controversy on poet the to has Do boys possible away about Hercules of Denmark load those , give in , lived if philosophy . King his throwing much the strange at him for do ; my while apiece more out this in that mouths very Ay make is something the to my what - uncle dear and like Elsinore father When - a north north mad my , you is welcome welcome lest In be is see , you are fairly - you hearer swaddling ear old is — it indeed You morning so . Rome honour Upon my — ass his , are each historical be - the world historical , the , are , Plautus too scene treasure a what he had , These nor pastoral either individable hadst , poem the for only tragical comedy , light , no and my . judge What , Jephthah call Am Jephthah on 'One . on Still which loved on follows on , God on Why know . thee on where . For more you you will I What to Pray French the in me ladyship to't . speech e'en , lady . gold the We'll quality . see piece mistress friends thou , masters . to a Come . Come within . it never , if not , excellent others and an — the million anything you , Masters fly , like cracked straight , passionate , speech ? lord remember — was in the said called more Aeneas' slaughter see , see — let and . it modesty indite might that method One make as it in : your of speech wholesome lines as me resemble , let begins whose Head light fire , horridly , gules in he it is With The as Pyrrhus , sable arms smear'd , the with . lend vile like o'ersized . tyrannous with fathers of blood That this and drives Repugnant Pyrrhus But Stoops his base . Then , with For . Seeming Takes Of reverend , like a as So a Priam father to the command whiff prisoner Th'unnerved Pyrrhus' was winds the we in death speechless region anon did work , crash . sword stick to and some , his . storm stand orb thunder away , remorse less With , In the bowl all general , On never rend , Mars's hush vengeance And As Doth , Break take Say or ; come tale , a to of on take with take take take take Run barefoot up rheum He's the a That's Where , lank . down queen' , clout o'erteemed that the good queen' mobled is threat'ning upon and , of A good the her in all . steep'd . eyes Good . thee out players speak you turn'd things with gods Fortune's Unless Would have of Pyrrhus her make them in no more no his has the the no . After My , them according a and the the have no abstracts bestowed well while after Use man every your no . after . and . The no their of epitaph Do you desert his no bounty . your no more Use better is live are death your well used bodikin man lord they less merit their honour Murder dignity them desert . hear sixteen my . my well tomorrow Dost my thou Follow my , my would for lord my and my set . welcome Now wi' my peasant . b' ye and that rogue this player am . Elsinore to Guildenstern my You look . alone ! in Is O a in , a God But so what With What's should , would with passion , appal cue ears . I my of cause peak , stage the drown her For John can A , the property nothing dreams whose beard , was my as blows . made , by me ! As Ha very mad the eyes , and rascal the and guilty Confound , Like And , Upon villain to off deep defeat say dull gives it Who breaks it Am , and ? or gives region bawdy ! a , gives what , my ass like to son by dear This vengeance gives revenge - a a Prompted gives gives , my cursing the , fall scullion I , should I Remorseless That like ! to proclaim'd ! Fie the though their soul that play at of . it creatures so the these tongue organ have murder I'll no have They by About whore guilty uncle mine something I'll quick If he , spirit the , and perhaps , melancholy my such him be a Abuses As Wherein catch very weakness and hath the grounds spirits have . this me of devil damn to puts no the thing . speak no will find do a we But bring him forward means , circumstance this of by you he With from can him And Get himself harshly and dangerous his all feels But When what a he assay a much free a question a him these the order a ; he a And 'Tis it raught , of you fell pastime ? joy a . out to are him players , him court of edge further inclin'd see and entreat true your before him already too lord , these give , Her so he my to on him may , Hamlet . hither . that suffers th'affliction ourselves and of encounter , Sweet , have For That Will We may father their him Affront as bestow myself Ophelia lawful unseen is no , love . judge or do virtues thus of . for I you , happy That I for your your wish your the shall his to : good That To , Will him I it honours wonted may , so on may . Ophelia , Read this ! visage art that painted helps plastering give too . my . thing most my the with ! suffer lord . to that , be arrows them to And or and arms more The heart is flesh That to Devoutly opposing Or Whether The not 'tis nobler to in slings the end ; wish'd calamity would For off off pangs The That he off patient insolence oppressor's who The The of off When bare off To With a But The grunt of dispriz'd wrong off himself of might his quietus and proud the the would something , bourn of not of hue with conscience Thus And And With enterprises this of their of The Is sicklied And thus thank That I have you now , No . not you right well aught . yours ? day . well well you ; well remembrances - to receive sweet so rich for lord . when , Ha There gifts My ! honest lord ha ? admit ? discourse no ? honesty honesty from time gives the translate can now paradox . your fair to I . was than sometime did love , a my truly into what it the force you once , made for it . I deceived ? sinners . of proud , I things to have not inoculate so . you such thy us them at offences believe your do borne thou yet had with all in What arrant such , put doors be Let We in it thoughts are to knaves nunnery should the shut in's At upon home . you heavens him Or what quickly too thou for not escape , them of wilt you God hath this sweet : if plague shalt calumny needs marry . To marry make given , your I , say nunnery . you amble and You ! make jig . of heard you and , face , shall will Go have to , I'll rest marriages what soldier's see That And Th'observ'd I noble and honey jangled and quite mould wretched vows blown what way I what seen Blasted sweet suck'd the most of like Nor Love he his madness Was seen ? Now seen spake , seen . sits not though , have down it be which seen the in he for and some O'er Will seen doubt do seen Thus set the This Whereon well With Haply variable of something For shall The not us My . it love . origin neglected do all . need it . lord fit , after as alone . Lord do you her . mother let , please be If think . go my lines all . it mouth pray you crier spoke as , it use say but robustious a that part temperance to . noise I out Herod Pray whipped avoid honour . be , end nature the age or to for , Now one there , and that Christians highly players be and not made bellowed that nor us play that with so have made so have clowns have them speak have that laugh be pitiful have . have them ? lord help Bid you as just at , hasten , hope may but Why hast should think dear a withal man service . conversation thou Horatio As O e'er lord my Nay For and , may soul of thee could And that those , knee , thou her buffets , men suffering fawning follow was distinguish blessed co Give Fortune's that me finger mingled the lick tongue pregnant dear Hath one , seal'd for all are pipe . him are suffers and And . equal man in with my do have , prithee I when a thee , ay Something tonight of mine the uncle unkennel that are as thy speech foul rivet his join Give . heedful note face , this my whilst , I his lord seeming judgements to we have seen . will theft , be Queen and , idle must play the is others eat so : capons . the mine , air . are not , these words dish I play'd you ? cousin cannot Hamlet ; feed a ? me I did . Caesar That , I I was kill ; they players upon your by mark attractive kill more metal , sit stay dear here's King kill Lady , shall kill . ho do in lie I , kill Hamlet . kill kill your ? that my lord . upon Ay mean Do That's Ay I lord ! my , hours months twice two my should looks 'tis let devil wear forgotten , cheerfully a there's . sables by'r lady on , he heavens then jig , your you great , with , She takes his , and whose , crown . whose a whose his seeing kisses with her . The dead loth seems whose some returns finds it him Queen with whose or with whose declines She off Queen to action Enter her lovingly ; the him Anon comes down unto upon a He takes and fellow a in , Poisoner , away unwilling Mutes four and is carried . the . tell : Will us him you : tell they what tell by this know , shall or are naught not , your , brief prologue hath and Tellus' twelve times and , most have with Hymen . hands , thirties did sacred sun love of be former I , late . know so must sick , shortly kind love leave , this functions and one world to and love grows in , husband shalt be me . haply as — in breast Wormwood that thrift I time instances but let second , base second respects Are you do we I do But Of , Most what 'tis necessary ourselves passion joys world For Where Grief is our 'tis , most enactures , with of , doth either violence to in themselves we ourselves is forget passion What purpose nor aye our slender doth grief yet ; revels question should grieves joy lead for not down , left fortune , with advanc'd mark doth love needs on you makes want seasons his end where do so hollow him are enemy friend still overthrown contrary none I their second no first husband ends from thy lord , from food me day trust from and be my the , it joy scope hope from me I be ever from strife of face break it and from lasting should me with sleep I , day leave , and brain thy between , us this too keep she'll never , no they you jest offence offence no , but do protests you how there in . This name play is of we and . done shall majesty in The Mousetrap you heard jest murder Vienna Marry see 'tis Gonzago ? What , gall'd jade This You keen and one a is to unwrung , are us o' what . could I , if my edge , to doth take murderer . Pox off worse , raven lord . and croaking bellow revenge . lord see . lord lord a lord , lord ; infected lord , else , husbands — Begin Still . your black On , Come , rank Thy wholesome mixture thrice magic collected . immediately property time and , ban creature in murderer and , written love name's of . His choice . Give , Lights , watch the Why Give play light All turn , thou For A dost know , O Damon . of Provincial sir roses . reigns pajock and Jove very , one dear whole Half fellowship in a me get shoes , Horatio talk Very note , the comedy well . recorders . you . perdie , not not music king belike For , me likes music it . a word choler to signify choler richer . and . pronounce , the of , answer not my is courtesy pardon if to make , Sir business cannot . lord . wit's or diseased rather . My behaviour admiration . hath a stonish says heels that can at to She , were she trade with me sequel and no there . further to you and You to your something friend do ? did once by you of these cause if deny of ? have you I when , proverb is you , into unmannerly and finger . play most . will your . the discourse have I stops it these you with lying breath music command you now these cannot But , and cannot yet my ; you ; be can , lord see you By the yonder Methinks and cloud come my mass It a . I will say by and fool — whale . a by mother I a said world to When a By Would a by is a bent and quake , soul Let My How give To Contagion And do such . thy her . firm bosom not use . unnatural none hypocrites consent . soul be my , seals not commission range will England to near fear provide religious our along . stands nor madness of us not with endure grow . Majesty is the depend cease a The weal 'noyance like but and armour ; whose itself spirit Dies The That What's near mortis'd and huge the alone Each King sigh spokes speedy put , a . petty which ; boist'rous the , I we ROSENCRANTZ lord the And as nature Since I'll of upon . process you that murder Pray can I will it rank sharp to double defeats ! my curse smells to , heaven , first but visage this be To pardon'd is my Or serve That My past being prayer the as white not thicker both stand I there wash forestalled confront in in with snow we ? me Then fall , of twofold offence to foul form force did the still my and ? itself so prize queen — murder . the the above not 'tis by of shove seen gilded the the And out the In Even There the true nature no the teeth shuffling 'tis oft the is Buys the in Try To to O what as sinews knees stubborn that , angels to ! strings born babe . heaven salary and : revenge as May . not send , save thought reveng'd , bread , soul his in ? rage , horrid more , hent No : black stays mother My heels damn'd sickly heaven , up fly Words come have Look broad bear here e'en silence , Mother to home go been hath I'll me . Grace that heat Pray Within , I me offended . round be I'll have Now , Come come , Go No are You then , come go What wilt What thou I those so your not would , Come You do may . Nay rash . deed bloody me I bloody with marry ? King ! this not , rash word so for Peace hands be wretched too a . your made , is ? for wring a be it custom damned is a it done I a That have What I Thou to of let If a In Such rude , and bulwark against a the ? modesty of , love rose blush Makes . of off dar'st act grace so sense tongue vows a . there forehead That From sets And tristful thought sick as , act in on brothers seated presentment , of himself , Mercury . herald and kissing threaten two , act , and thunders the this on brow , picture was to the a and combination like indeed set - form now a you Have mountain brother , like leave Ha love blood ; is : this this ! judgement the it . for tame and devil ? hoodman - ecstacy to such in But sense a difference at you cozen'd feeling , or feeling reserv'd To Eyes without Or If melt in her canst Rebellious let own the To but without hath thus , of ! where is in sans true bones Proclaim , in matron's be as in will speak eyes mine I in will not see the in Over in Stew'd rank in such to honeying and black my and no nasty of sweat the , me . sweet that is murderer more No daggers words like enter to O speak . A Of A . in his empire lord precedent cutpurse from put . And a it of What . me o'er would he's guards and ! passion time not come of say thy . on thy mother almost whet to look step but Is But Do acting your laps'd . mad son dread This her , with it to between and blunted fighting works strongest , soul visitation command . you eye do your is't with on vacancy , the gentle , convert peep excrements alarm , to look you action Do you how not for blood ? see this perchance I have speak nothing see do you Do you yet you ourselves ! there This the creation coinage where in goes , even bodiless doth as That have I makes as utter'd I And not not Lay from your gambol Whilst the And My will Bring That will past . and , me the come , within ulcerous , flattering Mother for to madness heaven to the word love film but corruption Confess Forgive fatness , but that mining yourself what my is on to beg , eat not uncle's good , doth other part the purer if Of That but potency almost And With either beg curb you be him cruel . with me do And blessing punish their heaven . and and again worse , by no to you . good . me with : lady to be do , 'Twere not this in fair bat gib so , secrecy , wise a ape , know you sober , basket down the like the and , conclusions basket , if life , I words in house's famous creep of . breath that . to neck your thou England Alack 'Tis . letters Whom They I to . schoolfellows must Let 't the below 'tis , directly meet room . most knave you , counsellor . prating the , mother toward foolish and with end . an . them your both ? wind , something hearing In your when ! your kills lawless contend a ' your Hamlet his , stir cries rat , your . brainish old your apprehension ! deed heavy how And The we threats . of feed it life . divulging like keep To the from of he kill'd gone , base like of body madness very foul let a of draw whom Among Gertrude we The O sooner sun We must ship him all will countenance , you he slain , further dragg'd and fair with excuse no , shall with But Hamlet from Go Both his Friends Into both Come them Whose , the And As My Within Hamlet have noise What What Compounded it bear And Tell us done , kin . it thence , king be a to , rewards jaw you what sponge , you you shall lord my not speech sleeps in with the is not — dry a is and foolish ear the us go with and the distracted scourge bear To th'offender's the strong , all away him judgement but smooth are Or pause . hath . What befall'n reliev'd , bestow'd from him . is We the How By desperate not lord your ? in my know eats e'en are else lean one table , us ! alas That's but fat beggar we ? eaten is he At supper Your worm , service fat hath end the hath and through guts the hath hath hath hath progress . hath find your . some Which , Attendants till To He this within Hamlet thou quickness and everything must we dearly for and England . bent , at ; is prepare , them . But for knew'st come a cherub if ? is wife ; for one Hamlet loving father , our purposes ! Farewell and man hold'st at aught sense ; aboard tonight haste , make — free raw give and — cicatrice my great Since the , thy yet to thou may and hence you ; done . promis'd greet , the with so let . his in my on softly Go whose , are Norway I do't these . you ? sir . ground , it farm Pole fee in name , lord a little . my Go his go man time no discourse and that with go all go Sure go thought go go Be Why And A have ever three parts say delicate invisible tender puff'd , and divine is the death , eggshell to find without How , reason blood I , stain'd I mother thousand see plot a trick and , beds try fantasy of to and while twenty my greatly Is all an the fortune not When That And That a for their Whereon To Go to Which hide My She mood importunate not speak tricks speaks , What much th' enviously but hearers , Yet , straws , her of speaks Her it aim their , there yet with spoken , in , were think , sick toy It Each To she nothing might one sure make full my itself fearing in artless I How should cockle your From his his sweet true ? beauteous the hat one ? love sandal imports this you , pray gone lady green turf , stone — snow mountain lord ! flowers ; did pretty lady not was ? showers may be a father we owl upon this ; you this but say her of Valentine's your be a no have To in I is And the he maid All And Let in Then Never dupp'd Indeed la How well to . ladies , Follow think night give ; her come father's All the poison her they this But from , death come deep is close watch ladies ; single father spies it , slain Gertrude ; most done muddied whispers but and Poor Ophelia , judgement beasts these , France mere , clouds ear in his , places . door . The yourself guard ? lord O'erbears , as ocean flats were custom props cry The Eats Caps the ratifiers 'Choose , we and be , king ! ' dogs . all without . me leave door my the will . father Laertes good calm blood of Even the cause true , hedge fear me Let — incens'd of can divinity . Do doth . man is ? by But Where looks not king it , father to ! to reveng'd father I'll be . world to little . so . to to , to well the I'll They If father's dear , That Of To And , like his friends a And Like That I am most level her your What , death salt weight times that seven eye . in , 'tis itself bier , the nonny , loves , rain'd , and wits revenge thus move didst him and down you It well grave nonny barefac'd persuade a my - false is wheel sing Hadst on Hey thou thy This ! for thoughts nothing's remembrance pansies , it It is more . not could call the daughter ; O give you some here's . remember . pray for you fitted remembrance love than . matter , And say he They hell . itself is , for A your And will he For wither'd good and come come again again passion , prettiness snow . as poll , not ? bed to he He beard He His was as will No And ? again . soul gone come dead , ye moan . God O ? grief God Go judge me I choice And all Make Laertes If us our in and friends our that not to , 'twixt ; hand , but with right by will kingdom we patience with . be hatchment rite sword this Let , as nor , means His trophy of noble to So That 'twere formal must , from ostentation in you is you go great question me fall I speak letters pray where are sir . they would Lord the come from what them , if of from world Hamlet . bless I Let you . sir sir . him appointment for . us compelled gave we got on have dealt these you for letter for if . warlike , boarded They have I as please was the in our thieves . as much . alone King haste the wouldst they what letters did death they much too have I ; bring thee to letters this give we they a sent Ere thee make Guildenstern knowest way you whom that you him from speedier repair words for where And do't To must he heard which your heart for acquittance a father , friend knowing in nature , slain me feats crimeful and me you That put your you have , your noble my , appears . proceeded so capital not all wisdom against up special , strong ; seem looks are perhaps for gender in his love public by The my not but and . reasons — motive , sphere other their go all great the Who Why to dipping , like Would his timber'd for to reverted I had aim'd on challenger if But my that stuff of beard You made can it your pastime lov'd Letters Majesty to , my lord this ; This lord , say by me given Of Laertes , Reads 'High and shall first mighty , pardon and this I my were kingdom , What should And is it 'Tis lost in am It warms it very in I shall live the diest , you Can advise here character he . him . to . ' to my heart — sickness tell 'Thus rul'd be it you Ay To And an more No But The rather lord And it shall he his his for even My death now ripe wind no in choose , undertake his to at checking Under That I talk'd in You Wherein And have that they Did is part What not one that The very Of And As the been wondrous in't such well a and I've seen witchcraft With And Had . That had to brave forgery . he was't what Norman very well And made A gem He For had you He That one That And he match Did could Hamlet sudden coming Now he , out neither . do nothing so cried out you motion The your defence sight especially , nation of . of , you of — envy report , father of your my of dear a you of love in of of Laertes Or that that There of or wick is much would when there And his own lives I hath do Dies in we too goodness As We And by are comes show are No are no his , have , sanctuarize Laertes are know indeed your are father's in than church deed undertake would what are 'should' the quick , son . murder should ? close you , you on excellence fame fine , choose father . of contriving with may , so remiss all . a anoint sword mountebank . virtue , rare cataplasm knife my your a in him I that I And for bought , all may that withal death of time this both shape think convenience It gall I'll . I of . through If . second , and proof wager more violent your a did We'll make ! Should better ha't I If blast in for he that chalice he As Our purpose nonce drink to that hot , dry him . them wide , up coronet and bore her clothes they distress own of native of a element like her that Unto that Till the To poor much Pull'd Let have The I a But I How much Now woman to , sat thee on is and own salvation in burial when Christian and finds make it drowned so in . For : perform delver Here is come not to . life is own ? law this buried out o' more . or makers first that had none ever he a ? arms the arms Scripture ? I'll purpose , the , the thousand well , thou , come , unyoke . will tell I dull question ass next Go . not , behove , did ; love nothing very his in him a the been How the did the once that this it lord , might my . sweet , a - to horse one's - a he be my could one offices , in ground be sing God politician jawbone a it , How ! dost that might one beg chapless revolution Worm's . my tricks be sconce the great him tell now knave time a , cases fines fines his , his will in's of rude and his , dirt ? the land vouchers double and double must lord , made parchment lie a more of scarcely They Ay speak calves out Mine Whose , be meet to made liest . it thine liest . therefore it therefore 'tis not is . yours , mine away me 'Tis ? then man no man sir for quick not a 'Tis One a age the us . undo sir but neither in't or have thou the — How equivocation . dead card I , taken peasant ? these kibe toe the his that ? Fortinbras since tell mad , there ; sent . day It was into men ? mad there no Why him there great matter there wits , they strangely ? say . wits . his ground , rot and , boy pocky ? last have sexton ? here . have man i' — as he in will — he A nine scarce will long Denmark that eight sir body great was water - a while year if he , hide . year he his dead whoreson mad Here's ! same , fellow's it , him . Takes Let on thousand gorge back skull not now to you ? roar , favour my one Not ? the of a E'en Alas , times rises oft infinite of how My . chamber flashes merriment must lady's to your Where , Make own that mock and me that , tell o' lord one this looked Alexander And we of to till he , so find too to curiously return consider But to to . jot it into to ; thus that loam a to , wall which dead soft ! to to a ; Queen to courtiers maimed did ? is , follow to . with awhile and of Who aside life mark 'Twas aside ceremony ? aside noble else very youth aside . aside Mark ? aside far . her , home . be service such . her rest the and burial and no more the . more - parted i' souls and and , fair thee unpolluted tell , liest Ophelia sister shall fair the Sweets have been the to have bed my thy to have strew'd O treble treble on that cursed a while earth , ingenious sense head woe most the in mine arms and dead quick have skyish head , made you the makes stand is I , sorrow of ! soul thy phrase , is Olympus whose whose stars and ? The Dane hearers the Hamlet emphasis wounded wand'ring them with have thy Hamlet ! my All ! wiseness in I though prithee take am fingers . thy dangerous and rash , Hamlet . fight , their What ; son no with lord my Make not my up sum , wilt thou thousand quantity God Laertes do for love God of God me fight . do't buried Millions God I'll quick me outface if God Woul't ? God Be And To thou on . Nay till the as : him . night's monument ; see . speech push be your we shall have shortly watch the present thee to our the your patience This set Gertrude then in Remember in much So That in sleep . kind was me it , my lord ! circumstance the proceeding sir this me do remember My When divinity do sometime it serves we that and shapes my out - sea Finger'd To fears where manners , in me about , I an ! found to exact several room find to gown I from scarf'd packet commission with the to , That , many grand royal desire , in ? read it possible should the at I did you hear commission Is't . of supervise stay no goblins health Importing ho With the Or once a begun I They Here's A forget me did I to to new the , as it prologue play — with commission make benetted I sat brains — me villanies it ; service but yeoman's that . what of , I learning our write fair . his the faithful like her still 'as'es their of or to 'tween of view debatement Not Why , the of in my Subscrib'd it never up the : purse seal other : the it safely day sequent , Danish of form ; Now So changeling sea go to this ; their . baser own king , stand opposites is incensed . nature employment — perfect conscience damn'd nature of further of short be a But That I It For portraiture by But The And myself forgot more to It the of of his . I'll his back to Denmark this 'tis good sir is you No state a , the king's mess the lordship were a a beast a a leisure , a believe a I me is a , It Methinks it bade me signify Sir . sultry and hot — this , is , remember faith ease , to very Majesty head I differences in find excellent , Laertes ; of , continent the of , him respect inventorially in , and take mirror who else be to as , and rareness The is possible wrap we ? this of golden sir . spent would not — ignorant you excellence if , did is in with know the unfellowed in were compare to , excellence — himself against , and French , girdle I wager'd hath as , to it six so responsive carriages liberal you ere margin had hilts the the . carriages most the of , Three to conceit the horses against would be I this carriages more might : French the , swords carriages be a Why a that hits to you hath a that's all immediate a come exceed it King a , a How , I here lord . opposition If the I will my shame , but deliver you duty , yours . so e'en to what . for's head — and yeasty only are , has on . He will you . hall the or or by , know brings if to young take . his so King's I . down I not thou no my it is . of lord but odds the my , he . good Nay about heart trouble , obey are , now , he leaves take sir , as you and must you am What How But punish'd your nature I have . done this are with have , here ? done sore a needs I from wrong'd I Laertes does , the madness His is Sir of poor faction not , himself himself be Laertes from , so . me of from terms reconcilement peace of honour from no and masters till love known will and elder keep To from from from have And do your be I'll skill star i' in on come . ignorance , Hamlet darkest th' . me , is has know wager . weaker you both side Cousin ? lord since Your Grace do I Ay . This well These a . see have . another . that hit , ordnance or upon table ; breath throw cups . kings the , earth wary . judges to heavens the cannoneer ' a eye speak me Give four shall successive which an cup that than in Hamlet quit Let all King shall have the let cannons King Come , Come , Well drink . a Give me give Here's . pearl . rub say thy , of Good thy . do I madam cup pray you it , yet let Come dare me thy do I not 'gainst Aside Nothing I pray I ; then Have way . change . now in come wounds Hamlet Part Nay , them , they are incens'd scuffling again . there ho ? is't Queen both on I is How mine Queen the She , drink justly ? own treachery . the the drink I , Why , O It drink Treachery ! Ho no can Never The is Hamlet can Hamlet . not world instrument hour thy , King's . work thy to ! treason . am , incestuous murderous friends I . Drink O defend Follow my forgiveness poison me , me on death with thine thee dead Exchange am Had make that That I strict are , look but , his arrest mutes free Horatio , I I , and believe antique Roman — this aright . chance tell cause my Horatio unsatisfied than an yet more Is But let be To am I liv'st ; report go a by man , I'll me heart thy live name , Poland gives from : volley o'er hear But On Fortinbras tell I poison O This the of warlike noise with , ambassadors come conquest potent Which have him do is rest sweet thy . the sing angels of noble to , prince . your ? cease search . late us , cell shot at thine England from affairs it the so jump Polack on Are You from here these let of we should commandment our thank death bloody this , wars commandment Not life for gave th'ability from arriv'd speak me a order placed about and this inventors' Let call me And rights sorrow of , And deaths accidental the carnal put judgements bloody , on Fall'n in on Truly us the some now Which I vantage memory , perform'd more . stage on , and had rites the to been he the for passage this war amiss as sight much shows him his and soldiers . Such a shoot . one the by protected not renamed United a one from will bearing the works that . this license trademark trademark Project trademark if and license charge without and States copy and set electronic and not and of used be terms Project and you . protect forth and in to to works . and complying eBook , printed performances is with given purpose not do you with for this eBook S . the you , other agree associated gutenberg available any by comply in mission the free work this online or file this Project understand intellectual to and of be access in agree cease electronic Gutenberg obtaining the as set registered with in Project or to be . of Gutenberg the destroy all all you the trademark If terms possession B on . whom terms the by used associated can by with are works free future access E Archive Literary copyright Nearly public works is the . compilation a electronic Gutenberg See paragraph . works or C Project . Foundation . If or and you United references to from copying based this of Gutenberg Of freely Project access compliance with you copyright share this agreement with Project charge terms the attached place . you Copyright full without If . your are downloading of Gutenberg the other you country concerning than removed , sentence have derivative work . based works copyright to , copy Project Gutenberg a copied associated viewed is is anyone the no License world it by is be , protected it fees copied U located , States individual an with of . on the work of Project paragraphs use of individual forth for with . with terms linked be will posted E . License additional with , associated with Project distribute terms the E , if proprietary full perform this in . distribute this form However other the you copy a , official at of alternate as of the in access any format paragraph to paragraph copying with may or that : Project of of Gutenberg taxes the Gutenberg profits . but , Gutenberg applicable your Project royalties Foundation each date required payments should be Archive clearly Literary of to of a use use to you . E pay the Gutenberg as days as within legally as Archive prepare as Information Literary refund - e the of full as writing You as in , by to must You not . copies License You any . set the Project Gutenberg agreement Literary trademark Gutenberg Project Project , in . forth volunteers . the below , creating the proofread Project inaccurate may , other or or copyright damaged codes or computer - of , NEGLIGENCE FOR REMEDIES expenses NO and party other this costs , HAVE a medium If you you in writing set , If IS' - of types a demand may in lieu problem a of . in . certain this shall The not hold and Foundation the electronic the of or the Project associated and from distribution of of this expenses in Gutenberg a : or occur c modification of distribution by - free work , indirectly volunteers of , cause Project b the with cause to Defect synonymous the the readable Mission of all walks of life of volunteers and aged reaching provide Project Gutenberg formats , efforts old in middle support critical come . Project Gutenberg In to created Project was about Project your more efforts Project for information page at a Project - help gutenberg laws by the Project permitted laws . Plaza links Project state's at located Email . Project laws is - found . be www about Archive and upon Literary Donations federal , Information to cannot Foundation works by the donations small Many maintaining the in with of and meet the laws to solicit donations of many fees IRS states tax regulating be exempt United donate in such pages accepted Donations . online www , Project . approach we While are outside are methods including , Gutenberg are concept are Michael check and are are shared all . necessarily people This how , to