. Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . thanks much Stand For Stand Stand I I do had you If rivals The liegemen Give my place . honest Barnardo what . Welcome , us come to of seen minutes have again , Tush He once so us are What nights against assail have , down we speak us , sit hear night Barnardo Last let And And we Well of t'illume Look thee yond all part from westward . Horatio dead comes it King , King me fear Horatio that Together What with spoke Mark to wonder . It that In thou ! speak ! now ! How not Is ! it like eyes ! thyself armour he to ! hour watch , war observant land watch brazen sore the - joint of divide be that the Who not might but whisper prick'd the , as the combat to this Well , Which with his of , our stood been to of ; as article , design'd the ; which Against forfeit Was Had gaged inheritance And fell Of the food doth ; to lawless , sir and , conqueror the which young here resolutes and which , in't lost main haste , and the and rummage our this us and stomach terms compulsatory of the - it be sort think may armed That In most is these palmy the mightiest the and Julius , blood of stood and the little A The Did whose sun the and high ere graves squeak the sick prologue Have , to the earth and or voice Stay . use to be If it may soft , thou thee any to good any though ! sound behold it do thou if hast O treasure in uphoarded ! fate grace and . country's to done of , Lo it , to it Marcellus ! oft earth me . be me thy spirits you , speak it Stay and walk ! strike Shall . stand with here my air the , crew , cock , mockery , morn warning thing . the have - a at or air , throat truth And that of in erring singeth spirit the 'gainst of the , believe eastward mantle the it russet nor , takes hallow'd So But Walks To Together with remembrance sometime Therefore Have mirth equal scale funeral to better , weak late our by to be thinking this disjoint of of lands him . death our worth , young For all , Fortinbras frame out and dream fail'd Importing hath by Now Who To business Of with of this greeting further , articles . allow personal , duty you with Laertes Dane , Laertes beg is't we show , thy the to What heartily and CORNELIUS all and , some suit . not asking , the , to Denmark , came leave again pardon France , leave . go consent slow my ! will thy and at ; it too am , a the that all , Passing Ay madam it seems ! 'Tis , be , breath thee know good solemn cloak , river fruitful me all are truly a that trappings the haviour the mother , black which the nature your , These actions that can Together No For That impious obstinate condolement 'Tis incorrect obsequious , is . for and to , common as sense opposition a thing vulgar , most a heart we should the fathers the reason Is Take it against 'This To absurd who that and We As know and 'tis , you son his to , for most father of most dead Fie ? heart the no nobility is It Do impart retrograde most I must a are Than , to . father immediate that which In with dearest Here mother her ; obey you of accord . unforc'd Denmark clouds in madam prayers with my and as Be all stay I , best . reply a cannon health in my to that , O Thaw Or all slaughter . of 'tis ! seed on't to Fie a , unprofitable ! two , garden this nature ! she . the winds beteem ; might dead — nay That fie - the come so that ; king . Oh stale Everlasting , flat this world in heaven of my to much should it rank so too not increase on , month think it remember — Frailty of Why , to her By what fed ; and , thy shoes she wants that ere my or on't if she all tears A brother I Ere She Had break It Would My O God Than have such . left nor most O the yet married salt Hercules beast longer , your glad to , incestuous galled tears . good to come must hold for lordship well I , do my good from good — Good . so ; violence even sir . Wittenberg , truant ? know truster do shall . is , you you that own are in your upon follow'd hard wedding student . father's mock not do was it , lord Would , furnish , met had thrift Thrift saw him . heaven ? mind's , a he In Where my I He was him My I lord not man once a look think lord , shall marvel me love This witness ear admiration your of you while deliver ! father . the like cap fear before slow his dumb In their and oppress'd jelly speak third , they kept night did your knew good and in deliver'd impart to length with the act . the , This time made . like watch , lord made answer lifted the shrunk it like as morning head My It Itself at the sound vanish'd And do To , do , the you We Indeed we , think , indeed saw you to , My lord top O What , Arm'd From not not not not not Then yes not more not , Pale not A countenance Very like one While moderate very haste and like . Stay'd might tell . no in . you hold have it it be it And Let to I in in the in platform I'll mine arms Our in in some my to you in night the well come rise . in in , soul : is spirit all still And My necessaries is , And Till then doubt My father's play , I the Though Hamlet , A a it and Do the fashion permanent and let convoy violet in not The perfume and it but will his is , besmirch not his his , depends ; circumscrib'd , you : state this of that his will soil Perhaps . no of his nor you must , fear . it of and therefore give May It fits he the Then with saying your honour , further is may songs loves he moon fear , affection dear your of beauty to the : not galls shall watchman I Youth wary As stay , Yet these few There shoulder ? memory . your thy Laertes upon is . in my of with no aboard Aboard , stay'd for in precepts precepts precepts are here And precepts you precepts Those Grapple Of precepts thou any Nor Look precepts precepts thou character unproportion'd thought their with not quarrel ; but . Beware . voice steel buy gaudy : husbandry be true ; in ; friend your lord my . remember you my 'Tis I What have memory my go and said shall , to lock'd key to keep the in invites Ophelia well of Farewell he hath said Lord Hamlet . touching the you ? yourself , late you on me bounteous 'tis , he time to : up the truth your to Do hath do , you I'll ; circumstance green made late of and many a them ? girl , dearly , phrase poor the true I think yourself for me love , my . fool importun'd — he In lord My hath , given to catch burns : woodcocks of , vows a maiden that tether may he few as is Lord For young as walk , brokers as investments they for as of implorators mere like as The Breathing as . as and slander plain as to you ; As ; I to ; would Than believe ; his you vows are ; show , forth time . lord my come ; The It held . No , it mean my ; the near season walk lord rouse spirit this - his a kettle and his reels out Ay clepe traduc'd drunkards , marrow , tax'd east and of it I , custom is't though , it Is the my am is - heavy And And to breach manner the This in us Makes honour'd More our The So it I plausive that and of wherein and pith oft nature by By o'ergrowth the habit , some choose ; pales origin much stamp livery infinite in Being , Carrying say — pure dram of corruption as these defect — o'erleavens too The Oft breaking Or their From Shall else virtues of form His Look , and a from charitable defend from damn'd doubt comes grace thee Be ministers intents airs spirit questionable call , bones health or a to me their , jaws marble and , speak thee , will That To thou , thee death of in the quietly complete may , tell but O ignorance steel , should , do our moon of ? What ? alone , With , It is horridly hideous , glimpses we our and the It It speak No , not will no means with removed not to with Do , set life thing forth it if What waves And I Or And to the you dreadful his o'er there you might draw Which That waves , not your shall ; me Unhand the Go on of ghost make I And Be heaven am Still My hardy call'd makes By , follow after Let's Have will state follow , go no further . him Speak , To me Pity thou So My almost come up serious poor father's spirit when am , Alas ghost ! I shall to art , I a certain , thou . shalt term prison I nature days the of forbid , my tale a could harrow thy Thy up To eyes to stand on end , unnatural most in and with dear thy ! God and strange , as his Revenge Haste Murder , foul me given not by ; Is forged so shouldst I meditation know't , that I my May sweep find ; in thou serpent A , that O of serpent my With O Ay to my — wit incestuous witchcraft but abus'd wit his , of with adulterate — and ; it were the there queen traitorous that , won seeming love in virtue in itself sate made That Upon O So seduce ! From I to in a falling natural , her went hand So Holds such secure always scent within the mov'd , body effect blood of doth through a stole , orchard , did pour man it droppings . tetter with smooth vile . loathsome it mine , hand brother's and posset , crust the : milk about dispatch'd , be horrible account . to unanel'd of , queen sleeping thin Most thou mind to thy mother aught , and damned head ! royal thou ; thy and , sting Against Taint 'gins Adieu shall Ay And - those The To host my me . all That In saws of and volume live ; there copied alone of by ! my , else What ! globe table , forms the least I and O villain . woman damned it and pernicious villain Meet , there uncle , one At It smile may I HORATIO My sure it , be , my a brain Yes smiling , baser with most matter am tables So you adieu , are lord lord have and . be it my . me my Lord . 'Adieu . lord lord ! Good O , it by I Nor , But There's ne'er But he's villain needs Why hold , you that and more shake — hath . part — poor you , no It , Yes is much by And offence may . scholars now is me that , my . Patrick too your an For O'ermaster't desire There's but . you ghost to friends are make As , what What sworn my , lord , Come ha Ha , boy you on hear ? to Art , the this lord have . stage oath you swear by Swear of Propose to Never And Come Never speak and , night things I To strange you arms encumber'd at , Or know' speak' we of some this head phrase if and , not note . of such to , or or me aught pronouncing list by at know , mercy Beneath Or and . Swear I what your shall rest all And May With do t'express not , time , spirit perturbed love That Nay , go friending . and money is out I to it these lord my marvellous will him his do You Marry , particular , very — 'I do part in in you Than and this By they your What Take As And him But him' but , well . lord , put very say 'not well ; him on there wild . charge , him far so may fencing , go dishonour him incontinency it season is you not That A But my you do this that drift lord — know , working son , blood . general Of good . you the seen converse Mark prenominate you little in or and good man so mass By the or in 'closes with 'friend At I , He Or I then was There a bait With windlasses do By And So my Shall Your , by indirections . My lord God , his , you . music , so . his my in all to so with And as and Pale Mad thy love but , said What not he for , He As And end And And Then goes At his falls his other hand of my Long shaking thus up mine , hard am passion any him to love , desperate will . property of last bended light me ? I words did you denied command . the as afflict my did , And be This quoted meant sorry him wreck am had beyond , which . it As grief known than and to younger our our opinions sort the utter age . might love , you , transformation th'exterior it Hamlet's hasty The Moreover Our Since much dream I So his you your here rest , nor Resembles than And draw To Some so father's that , being cannot from of vouchsafe of More Of was th'understanding . to to us much our him gather and humour court youth both put him , not you to you , you , good it us awhile please will will living , hope . us power Put , the supply more I sure whom show expend As Might visitation sovereign dread We ourselves by the service , here your commanded in , command bent feet your be obey , our helpful Ay and My too And I , and beseech these instantly . son Guildenstern . the still Thou hold my Heavens , Both that Give My news Thyself do admittance to I lunacy . hear have Hamlet's to long to to them grace first speak O me doubt it my source no our we , Most Upon But To His was so It be nephew's , our To Whereon Gives him And as an might please dominions regards of And at our So That therein such As It read . labour . is , time . day , at . art art true 'tis foolish 'tis pity madness , figure . cause and idol , obedience gather , Now out find we us , effect For Or That say the have phrase you but vile shall hear . is , and , is she this soul's ; the , most , fire , love I am , I never these . liar Came faithful dear But Ophelia that more out mine by daughter means ear how ? honourable think receiv'd his show'd I best to it to reckon Adieu ; machine , his given As fain dear Or If given Or might my look'd my Majesty As I would had I When my my This must she should no prince mistress ? young ' And out I his bespeak dumb round : idle , her . work to And Which That 'Lord And to into he Thence Into Do very for this declension , fast my of short and wherein It have it , otherwise know said know . I'd so I there That time fain hid indeed ? it try together be prov'd truth circumstances this Take this this will find otherwise if though does he And Mark Be be I I'll loose behind and time such Let At not will look where Away , and my arras reason . thereon carters a his assistant farm for . away me ? mercy good . good fishmonger leave good - Hamlet good are a man good good good picked good good my . my Then sir my be That's world my my . to lord a dead dog my being a my my not he , my my look , Friend was I youth again him , words Words truly say her gone this mean Between the wrinkled that matter the who the faces it have slave says ; they satirical All that and hold be go should , sir believe yourself you tree ; For that sir eyes old purging a sir honesty . if in't reason and his and sometimes . of will life willingly him part . God save you ; Hamlet is ? Ah . soles How indifferent As Nor the we not lads ! do Guildenstern how that Fortune's . children her ? waist about Then you But Prison lord my , your she that Fortune ; Denmark's Then ? prison to prison world , or good the of substance . that a are , ambition beggars . our hold shadows Truly , and I dream itself is A but bodies will not to you like we a of Then are beggars' to , monarchs and outstretch'd fay , But servants my dreadfully rest . at Elsinore attended . for . not you you and not for you for ; lord my free come , Is ; a nay speak rights the by lord the good my end looks in confession But justly me . say You ? better whether even be , teach fellowship must , you - then lord My have you preserved withal , we not lost Queen with heavily all , air the and and , but exercises this firmament no excellent , thing indeed to ; canopy to work form other , in of goodly frame late goes goes I and will goes secrecy your tell you why King , goes wherefore the goes an angel , me fretted a how express a admirable reason golden goes a brave this sterile promontory , goes my disposition why o'erhanging goes how , how , with foul ; and in pestilent , it congregation of how , what , me no like stuff not apprehension smiling your Man animals delights then if you coming welcome his his target tribute have the in end shall be they from you . not coted adventurous those laugh , are his and the ; lover sere halt the part ; peace tickle ? in of players verse shall players ; players players blank o' players and players Are was innovation city players the players there eyases the , wonted ? it aerie endeavour keeps clapped tyrannically , most , their of are rapiers the berattle comes How are no no players say ? escoted , question and , not holds money cuffs while no for went both on do controversy unless been has no for if they their means should grow to , pursue like , the ? they children against sides , Do boys . those . possible Is't question brains give . than more hundred ducats is , fifty much throwing about his ? too , 'Sblood forty twenty Denmark philosophy . Your Let ceremony to appear uncle extent is , father aunt mother are tell . Elsinore the to , like the more players are out , wind the When my what , and welcome garb fairly are this yet , at of a an come time a Happily baby he's a , a tell me a . is That old . a Monday he a Guildenstern Well be you is there a you a and second see , I lord have comes to have the Rome honour world , pastoral actors best comical . liberty These - a cannot and , O judge writ be - of pastoral law pastoral nor what Plautus tragedy comedy individable , ass his for - either historical Seneca unlimited tragical Jephthah 'One which loved he daughter . daughter on lord that , my well not th' well . that I love lord follows I my have Jephthah a not wot know you will as , God Why pious the of and chanson comes . It As What the lady of cracked ladyship Pray glad voice Masters anything , at , since young I than my valanc'd well see , when like you is What heaven your to . fly acted never . or the much mine with top set in — I my , the cried , as as the to modesty indite lines that phrase I remember , if million others make was in it wholesome live . Dido was me see of was might speech , me was , slaughter , One thereabout let was your and , was in — Pyrrhus was the ominous smear'd horse , sons , gules , complexion , streets horridly daughters parching a , damned tyrannous . the dismal light gore wrath in with did to and mothers total more Pyrrhus : Now of , Head impasted with grandsire proceed Priam seeks . discretion , finds , sword , drives arm lies match'd strikes sword ; his his Priam the Th'unnerved But with antique accent and it flaming with of rage Then with a stick , matter stood , below storm to head . sword th'air neutral like And as in bold as hush we the winds ; sets vengeance did armour , the Now falls strumpet thou , remorse , on and down the . long is bawdry come . on . sleeps or he — that venom then , head the a up steep'd . tongue o'erteemed and , all th'alarm with treason themselves Pyrrhus did would with burst of the in his turn'd and . them eyes tears hear of chronicles of their ill . brief you a bestowed abstracts well the will Use after is . them Use more , you are have Do rest ? epitaph every man to according . Take and . them desert you lord need down . look you him and in't play The . a friends My You peasant am this wi' b' Good . night in dream so his his rogue God a it , Ay To so , and till lord . I a visage own wan'd And that soul aspect ; in's , his all his broken That Is in voice conceit working whole for suiting , passion would cue he ; indeed amaze of peak , I , a life a I , unpregnant speech , this face i' , th' , for dear the me liver'd , the , ere and , should the , am oppression all , bawdy region blows and , gives gives say defeat gives Who Plucks me by my me whose can And off was gives made lungs ? it fatted But gives Ha gives That Remorseless With I make pigeon gives gives gives Prompted , treacherous slave's To this Why offal . Oh , am ! most , murder'd unpack , my upon't at the a scene that malefactions will father my , these If that but his . I'll have like though proclaim'd the he devil and with me . The . damn I'll conscience the thing spirits , seen power , such my shape and quick . mine Before And Grating so him harshly you can feels He But we Of would Most like Niggard And there I think . seem are This hear We But of so on of raught did him they true the . doth much . inclin'd a give him and it him see most 'Tis beseech'd heart to matter entreat me To hear And Good we Sweet Will so bestow 'twere sent , Gertrude his drive And be I part And Of Will both so be Ophelia obey shall gather your wildness , his We will loneliness too you , wish wish 'Tis And wish Aside wish wish , this o'er . give my wish ! wish ! true devotion's wish colour blame 'tis on we 'tis too doth beautied that deed burden my 'tis 'tis . a speech How 'tis I mind the suffer 'tis . it 'tis word is to , 'tis , to outrageous the troubles — to sleep and — ay dreams . by them not or Whether The , heart more opposing take and end flesh to perchance be wish'd this mortal may . time natural a 'tis there's death takes death . end death rub come respect and With death Must of That The death patient he ? sweat country after whose death bourn will returns traveller death rather we death bear know the weary these his might unworthy law's , bear ills , life death fardels from puzzles dread of under a , we not of turn Soft a sins lord my ; longed to receive re , remembrances well this action Nymph ! of their for I well deliver . did . unkind . prove perfume breath ? you lord My ! my for to when ; of you you aught . you know There poor ; wax gifts the words them with And Take Rich Ha That your you ha lord lordship What , commerce will now believe , sooner can ? beauty from gives time with . than of . power the a truly likeness , me for it a honesty of me a of sinners ? beck . breeder such proud and ways to act home At , to upon own to to help Let to them in O be shut to him this thy the Go I have . to thou . calumny escape needs to marry To but nowhere to heavens sweet , in's him , Or farewell go , nunnery a fool O men , I'll , give pure If thou of you to lisp , heard and , marriages . no nickname dost to ; a , ice as yourselves paintings what noble mind sword , mad given ! your me already To is of scholar's , Th'expectancy And Now sweet bells that jangled and and , noble of most of feature O ecstasy out with what Blasted unmatch'd of all of suck'd That Like That see the seen he not Was Will be I what Love His like madness , spake . danger doubt There's hatch , in he shall countries matter beating What of But commencement . do Hamlet you Ophelia grief believe said , ear the him ? play entreat all you , where him in him not pronounced of you it , but it pray you use , it periwig give a hear temperance and beget soul tongue the . town your the , you crier as , that to to a most . out - I but , of so and , from , hold own the modesty the scorn the make and playing pressure her . as form censure ; his the of others nor neither having , the , cannot , one be of nature end mirror , Christians men And reform'd that for we have some necessary quantity some on in the to set . Nature's man had made and that I no speak that laugh ambition to them spectators clowns your will play most ready pitiful make shows and it Go a . them . I . withal . your thee flatter should , Why Dost pomp flatter'd , choice of mistress . was herself , buffets And rewards thou hast suffers election thou absurd lick of are are are are are those are mingled are , see'st . see'st see'st see'st ; guilt see'st foul have one that him . his to is see'st , see'st playing play . see'st lord his seeming be Queen King Get the this place , pay the must others . Guildenstern Enter cousin chameleon's cannot of : Hamlet Hamlet and . coming to flourish Rosencrantz . dish I so eat air mine you . was you enact accounted actor . killed a . Brutus Capitol Be the here's . here's that attractive more here's No To No here's lord here's here's ? you your mark here's . lord in here's ? meant lord matters . upon my Ay mean I nothing ? legs thought to . lord lie ? within's . and my , two months . a . do died merry two Then But year shall half else his , twice black and life have I'll my yet forgotten not then ago or he . suit lord may ; outlive is whose forgot - lovingly ; the ' 'For of , very her it head of , kisses or Mutes dead in of Anon him . neck , dead seems of accepts body four three of the . some returns Poisoner him asleep of crown lament gifts of mallecho miching What . King and ? play . they'll ? of , means this all Marry this all Belike all We all or any all to tell him what all . show all meant what naught and are all this Is prologue We Here us stooping a 'Tis hath times Full About commutual journeys count cheer you . me again distrust In I For Discomfort neither aught and Yet and from former sick , late : I nothing extremity . know so . fear is grows are love doubts and do behind world to kind as thou — in ! my accurst . breast one move of love kill kill . dead bed you we memory we be kill on mellow , kill marriage kill , my what , unripe when 'tis Most But kill Their passion pay unshaken fruit what believe second When do kill to ourselves The Where joys kill , themselves grief either lose debt left question should for joy revels the purpose passion like even our not a 'tis The man is world For with our 'tis change prove fortune his , on , in doth needs want seasons him hollow makes fortune down And mark love advanc'd poor who not That Grief The Our earth Nor anchor's face , and wed . night , beguile awhile it should wife , joy strife lasting . word Is but , O lady , never rock between like too mischance she'll keep much heard you they Have no , argument but do jest the poison in do you no ? world Baptista image call , we gall'd are This , anon see between It could I would You You mistake Confederate season apt thrice of life him i' murderer Thou black Thoughts very What and th'garden the gets frighted Would a a cry runs let some sir , forest of Provincial two with a the world , one turn this , For , Jove with good O Horatio , I'll very thou A , very rhymed — pajock reigns . for have the of very . him well ? Come comedy , recorders like he some music likes some , the . signify perhaps . distempered . would and plunge the , him start , tame , into , more to purgation , itself put discourse from , your far to me for lord Good am in mother , commandment please What I wholesome courtesy this me a are . right will do be I of , end , my amazement into say you , say ! you ere ? But admiration to go a mother . Have you . closet me and pickers these deny lack cause you if I your still lord , do I is liberty be , once when Sir have if — would with drive is me pipe this I me , do pray I I you well lord My you Believe know it easy as breath unworthy any now , I to command my thing a , speak music Call you cannot ? 'Sblood what sir Queen the much is make a fret me pipe ; yet , can on played you yonder , see By Methinks is the . by They — fool . me whale a come so , let . not now business thy I drink to and thy Nero cruel not firm ; itself thy hell bitter such . thy . of speak in me thy soul words , hypocrites use thy none , consent , shent thy ; safe with thy you , is as range madness to he I Hazard We will of England commission his him not like I those from many peculiar single and bodies Majesty armour and ourselves holy keep Most To many upon feed many your 'noyance whose of ; depend is the but . keep To With all lives alone with of it not spirit near Dies the of adjoin'd and whose on Fix'd huge but spokes boist'rous , fetters now We goes Which he's . And hear My lord For , and too haste GUILDENSTERN . us closet him mother's myself said o'erhear , liege to . lord to heaven , look come Whereto sweet serves force fall to but the in in forestalled . turn being wash Is Were there But it To pardon'd enough . than ? of twofold offence still murder my the Forgive currents shove of retain th'offence Forgive ? Forgive queen , Forgive Forgive , rests What can Forgive ! Forgive as death ? What ? What forehead of cannot ourselves not justice the may this so by seen . the there 'tis lies faults action compell'd , shuffling evidence teeth and when . bosom soft the ; sinews might the Be Bow the the the took the But how his He With And the all the hire hire he is hire take And hire A hire I hire O . heaven hire To hire heavy fit in asleep thou for know season'd his a more hent , No , at may ; relish bed some damn'd thy prolongs up words thoughts . have to thoughts never rises King my , go lay silence . bear him . round . not Fear , round I round Hamlet thou mother round . be round me , with him mother round hear round matter . round round offended idle a , question now ? Hamlet an wicked now . offended with ? so You . so , it I'll set not those then , come by ? me mother . not rood the are can not help ! help wilt ho a ducat rat do may not sit you set inmost Help till down Thou ? see thou now . you of not help ! I thou the know I O A Nay . king Almost a and marry king word . fool — thy danger busy , better rash , kill a Ay . To As 'twas kill 'twas took 'twas to be against penetrable made your thee 'twas Thou wringing for find'st 'twas Polonius Leave I , 'twas wretched 'twas , Thou of me I 'twas 'twas As false fair hypocrite forehead the blister oaths dicers' Heaven's face mass doth makes , deed a plucks , the at With Is thought - me sick act compound , visage roars so The That The rhapsody See here , and tristful , loud Ay Look what act , in and on index , of seated front the like eye Hyperion's what a grace , curls you You hey step motion this to this from - on Could husband world . this call your was Blasting your husband , like Have Ha : some madness for . a ecstacy quantity reserv'd ; sense sure would of , ne'er not what your ? eyes you have ! at age it's ? the in waits The day sure err was't ? a but melt If Could O Rebellious mutine ardour thou her let . fire reason Hamlet the is where at hoodman Proclaim virtue burn , very and my . speak into more such see mine actively matron's , to daggers sweet enter more an , sweat in mine nasty Over speak O murderer that not and a . empire in his ! like , No more the , The you important not he's gracious chide go wings with your ? would What ! Do laps'd acting your to by . soul mother purpose blunted ? almost between to not whet Do Is But And And That your as Your Start On Forth , do the with , bedded Upon Would make Lest . what do , blood this you yet ; at nothing did , all Do see do is . ourselves but look ! now habit No My I the pulse as yours makes . will , re of ; love to , flattering utter'd as have And My And very in . time keep , not madness test which , the to twain the worser away part of . do him beg pursy , good . it in hast with to mine heart my sense who , habits He the if in frock it doth fair eat yet and ; of stamp the The kind . a . change it For . For almost next that And aptly likewise wondrous With That punish ; with be bestow be gave me To I will him , and more cruel I death I One I word shall What no bid remains to , begins Thus I , your for again , mouse bed to fingers his I that you , on paddling Or let , the Let good lady : do , call with good you , queen fly conclusions break own neck the in on ? Who sense the life of basket no be me . of , wise , creep down ? concluded so you words 'Tis words Alack forgot words , schoolfellows words on — Let words must two . my work shall words go below have . to sport knavery words enginer , words way , fang'd most meet room , secret shall man lug in guts the at Is And They marshal with But When , to an prating counsellor . most in draw mother with knave . O . set crafts me the into Indeed packing neighbour and profound . end . fit your ; in matter Ah , place is we Gertrude sea the mightier the is Which What rapier , cries 'A does Hamlet rat . rat when In man good unseen The out his so us deed hearing Behind And in his lawless ! brainish heavy , deed and , laid shall yourself full we apprehension something old ! kills a stir ' . haunt But But ; all providence was most was But fit so what of understand the pith keep Even But The But we will . He life foul is hath But , away is mineral his But draw apart a pure him ship O weeps sooner no But the of for what ore , body base some he he , like vile mountains done . skill Ho our , wisest haste the body we up pray . out mother's in chapel , hath he slain further Guildenstern , with and haply O discord full air , name , diameter slander world's the the know let Gertrude , speak mean ! we'll untimely As , call our dismay away . Hamlet . on . Within What noise ? Hamlet ? here O Hamlet done , that to Do Tell , believe Believe have And where , Besides , to ? be thence own not ? not be by in king he be . foolish gleaned the do a soaks officers he , a the The the ear not with ! lord thing him Hide . my , find — to A the King me I But sudden , bear Diseases desperate away th'offender's To This By pause never like He's not And How the We guarded before your . him from get him Bring know us , to my befall'n ? lord , supper , e'en else king worms politic Not where may the fish with but show but your beggar table that is But him place yourself see shall nose Send th'other thither i' this him seek month . Where Hamlet For Which that deed , tender hast do we fiery ready bark Th'associates With , this . For But come ; one , is . England wife man , and man hence tonight and seal'd with , father mother and that a My As great yet Since , And That And Howe'er like Our Pays After from me greet know of the begun Fortinbras rendezvous , march eye . us do't . of are They Against Who Norway , pray sir Fortinbras ? them to it Truly a to speak in commands some sir of Poland ? ground not . name it farm the in will never , Yes then ducats it yield five no gain , will hath five That , to Nor to be sold . defend Polack already garrison'd . twenty of wealth and of and peace , you cause straw ducats ! this shows thank , lord little against Go do What us revenge occasions all And but he sleep good . whether , after and that his spur straight go ? before man is more know be — yet which , fust That Bestial quarter'd parts live , I Why I Witness do't have And thought ever precisely hath say coward oblivion such thinking Of cause such will , I do not do charge , invisible , such be argument a stand a I , such in How , reason sleep father But Is for stir such , eggshell what fortune find to to . without stake such greatly the while and , of such Rightly to Excitements , such tomb try , and of kill'd quarrel . is mortal straw fame for cause , then . this worth , men beds cannot from . speak , will be not numbers Which To She needs bloody her is That Yet hearers words winks , her And botch make were spoken in sure one think , conjectures with yet much breeding . in 'Twere good would Dangerous , prologue to some amiss spilt guilt , should By And his shoon love ? Ophelia hat sandal one , Nay lady , Alas Say sweet ? grass gone and dead head his Nay , his flowers not grave Larded With true bewept do ; at God be a was be may . but means , let's Tomorrow you are God , dild ! no Let be To your the Saint : donn'd Valentine chamber the dupp'd in An So thou long Young all to ladies good cold night , night . But to tumbled to , yonder bed ? thus me promis'd I would well lay you . And sweet so thank night is father's sweet poison good of watch your , sweet would hope weep of , sweet , night sweet it sweet close sweet her this O sweet your hugger good Thick in pictures inter herself which Last Without his , But own Polonius' For In And his ear nothing to Like Wherein pestilent , ear a Will not wonder is and and ; mugger , Divided from , buzzers and we much secret keeps speeches person Gertrude many . his of my father's of in this is them Let guard . noise door ? lord impetuous call but known not rabble . world , in The Laertes offices flats , The props not young your O'erbears props Than props the as props Where props props props will props We Danes Sirs are . without . will . thou . me of here Laertes . proclaims O king vile we door . bastard , Laertes . me the father true is Of my the rebellion , such can divinity chaste the between Gertrude Do doth thy There's incens'd Speak man . him what go Acts thou thus treason Let That his , juggled with ! his be reveng'd , them the , go with little . so , death father's means , far the loser draw will know you not Who Good , None you Will like with blood pelican gentleman . death , 'pear in come is . Tears of be beam madness out , dry How . Within ! my seven by rose O , of ! wits 'tis bier — itself of instance , as the turn scale maid sends Should him thing They Hey non barefac'd , nonny many well grave and didst dove you thou 'Down wheel down There's me document there madness call . There's columbines pansies it and in may , herb fennel A for you We when . all passion is , sweet and She turns he will no thy never was flaxen he we God And of , I must me Do , pray away cast is , ours give , kingdom hand me , you collateral our and , will to soul , earth . not call if patience so burial ostentation o'er , obscure due content ; be his hatchment heaven to . me fall speak are What , should I be greeted , not what from God please that was him know , bound . bless bless too There's They . thou a I I grapple . me bore thine of Let much the and tell . hold These thee dumb thou that give you way that brought you you direct . them may course for . me letters , seal these , do't And he have you you It well appears my hath heard must must by proceeded . So safety You your , up , strong perhaps they That against capital mother , these feats , all . special seem The either life The might I . it for myself which , motive not his all Convert Too like Who Why I , his the could Whose worth challenger if sister , perfections her That think lov'd And that , your father , You shortly we teach , my now How to lord ? will . our your not Break I I This What ? Queen hear brought them He . receiv'd them naked I occasions the kingly am see know thereunto pardon asking Hamlet's postscript me But in ' 'alone ? lord sickness he the you tell warms in in and 'Tis And thou , so be ? Laertes come , How diest so it , it live lord peace device breathe If If If If If If If If be be ; so be . it will devise organ be be much a in from quality be be be him of parts ? less it youth , Two of gentleman a and his graveness serv'd can he beast . So far this but his demi forgery Norman short in brave such witchcraft tricks . report nation the confession all is of and And I And . well had swore you . Sir , this a The . motion so and of nor — lord to this dear you to of sorrow , would , 'would' we many are delays for ; and this accidents spendthrift ; by hath we hands a sigh in church . th' i' throat than words ? good son in th'ulcer , chamber your come . anoint I'll I for And So him purpose dip of cataplasm so rare , virtue unction a . This Weigh May that us drift convenience shape look back not better 'Twere have did make blast a in And fit our a further to what assay'd ! ha't And bouts for drink ; your venom'd stuck . but , now , where sister's upon . tread doth follow Drown'd a is they woe How fast O There Of crow But - flowers do , boughs trophies and clothes Her , maids the to weeping time Unto that her the much It And Alas To is our drown'd . Ophelia yet ; again start . rage her wilfully seeks ! follow burial . let's Christian salvation , Christian in make when finds herself drowned Why her , hath unless 'tis else act and , it found The the hath argal — the , stands Here is water it man drown him this ; his this of , she have should than this this gentlemen profession their Adam's ancient no this hang . makers : they a he this grave and , was this the Was first he this bore , I'll ? confess another The ? put ? ever none understand . to without he answerest dig not me the the . to carpenter outlives the do ill mason the , that faith to . shipwright unyoke thee than stronger To't those well well to good thou . does Now argal , well dost gallows ill to may ? carpenter say , not mend , next of doomsday ass . Go . question it , for till ; love , of the , steps , clutch stealing . daintier easiness sense in with hath if As Hath But never which it ? ass did , once such the into me I And if the one ! of one's horse when Ay This It This th' had , 'twere and sing politician not might now one it and an on't . to breeding but knocked beg , we play had . about the guest Where the guest his the of to , clay guest for skull be , spade guest a , guest of guest is meet guest the now tell a fines fines dirt double his him about and buyer his of time more pate full indentures , box more - too ? vouchers conveyances his his of , the very , and , of fine ? inheritor too double and ones than skins - out , seek — fellow which , sir Whose . of made jot assurance be to made thou liest yours not . is it . 'tis thine yet guest . guest guest for it guest thou dig dost , lie a guest dost guest guest that One was a How sir Lord is woman the is of heel the By the . the it , young , Cannot you Hamlet because was , he marry was not mad he ; was wits there sent he Why shall if as as he or mad he and , what I years in , How a he th'earth he here die in , will than another that sore your whoreson will you last he decayer of year in . you it think hath skull a with he water ; his now your And tann'd is lain years ? was fellow's , A whoreson on Nay skull same him Alas the a gorge Alas of flashes how merriment your , Alas Where and , rises thousand Alas at tell that my lord Alas , me Make . Alas Alas Alas think Alexander What's . Prithee - an one so And may we E'en so ? so , he return of uses base what noble 'Twere to , faith , and make buried Imperious Caesar that Might loam and but Mourners The Queen awhile 'Twas Queen of . Queen . Queen Mark Queen Queen doubtful order was Queen enlarg'd , been . ground command as have warranties great o'ersways For unsanctified pebbles her dead , howling shall fair the What , thou When Scattering flowers . minist'ring tell i' th'earth thee my angel Ophelia , sister . liest thy grave that woe been to Sweets thy hop'd Fall Whose O treble on . arms dead made . head , and have ? of them sorrow stand is ? soul ? This ? and whose wand'ring an wounded ? stars , makes ? hand ? upon wag theme ? love brothers do their is , Make of mad , forbear show 'Swounds me woul't woul't ? a crocodile ? I ? do . God love ? weep Woul't do't drink up outface buried if thou eisel come leaping her of on pate rant thus And When What I The An This , shall the night's — son . other ; the ? me shortly circumstance my , shortly shortly , shortly the the , in me shortly let my mutinies rashness shortly sleep — us serves let us shortly Rashly of I fighting know , lay , in had fine and ; me , my my certain most my out my knavery Denmark's royal commission my own sorts England's my , my my my my leisure did ? I it how read Is't bugs the , stay supervise and , too at , much : proceed it wrote , it a , fair of The effect , An many view and of their wheaten palm the lord but ; service love between stand the Not shriving debatement And Without the even my the of in - put to sudden allow'd time How was . to this defeat . employment this ; to love . fell and own their by Does baser incensed king a mighty opposites is comes to't their nature king th'election — with kill'd Why the Of what Between , stand insinuation this perfect to conscience , mother , life be damn'd , now upon my known nature is't proper my for known not is't known And ? must What known sure portraiture For It further In known The known known I Into known lordship Your thank humbly , passion . Denmark to know to this vice welcome a chough of possession for but as beast beasts , of be a were diligence ; beast your I beast I Sweet lord beast stand and , state beast , your you with from to beast the right thank , for beast . head his at beast me is very indifferent it cold , for hot my his wind very the of on , it ; lord your , me believe for I Laertes him ; speak feelingly differences good to excellent you shall court come yaw , him such and dearth and else of would who of quick a of his of true sail . But of rawer of more ? of we of do , is Why ? Your concernancy The Is't possible What imports another tongue . all's empty is purse to understand in Sir not really , spent ? sir words are . it — in excellence on him with him ; laid the but , of to dear as , faith , assigns sir , Rapier his weapon dagger . horses rapiers French responsive liberal margin the we . could hangers . if matter then bet on But cannon . him . carry Danish three . you against hangers , the be swords French that's this carriages it might : in . exceed , hath three immediate laid as dozen on you between And , it I . your duty Yours commend my does He I away with the head tongues are nature will else . only for's yeasty and his on . no . habit of , dotes habit age habit habit and habit , will I be habit his take , habit habit are so entertainment to Laertes . She so win shall odds into . it but been in how . my lord my France wouldst no matter . But a woman is perhaps foolery Nay say obey it . gain giving their in would - fall to The leave ; me from we defy , now and sir as pardon But This pardon't punish'd am I might awake That Roughly How proclaim ? be from Hamlet when Then If it not , wrong himself wrong'd I What here ta'en Never not does madness poor this Hamlet's himself Hamlet your Hamlet away Laertes , be it If't . evil generous faction the His , Sir my so shot satisfied in arrow enemy wrong'd honour , this case me Free Whose motive in . aloof stand Till have I and by and I And and some a name receive will And and and I I offer'd wrong freely and the wager , your elder and will Come shall and skill Your and brother's it ; frankly foils And this by well wager young Osric . the . weaker o' lord the know mock , me hand . length ? see me of Ay , the stoups battlements their the or third ordnance exchange throw drinks to judges let crown cup to wine he kings ; fire better cups to without trumpet successive Give me speak the , wary Come , cannoneer the . Hamlet , Come And you , palpable a , One . No . thine this thy set say by it what touch bout drink ; him this touch A Come . Another , take carouses not ; poison'd thy napkin my . madam , Hamlet brows rub breath carouses , Queen Good drink pray you . face him . conscience your . dare for now hit best Come . wanton on me of , rapiers so . they come ! How is ho ? it my ? is't kill'd sides on both I They Why the see , O Hamlet the in , not . treacherous there world medicine No thee is It In more rise again , thy lie to hurt friends too venom The point Unbated and on yet defend O , Drink Here Mine Is But I strict , as mutes or O , my liquor I dead aright am and believe Never ; To report more an the Here's by a ; man a go , what shall awhile thy breath in in , this ? voice more occurrents my th'election He to with solicited But Fortinbras I . do live quite . night . the cracks And aught If it would cease ? bodies , view to arriv'd commandment to thank death hearing . England unknowing these placed be th'ability gave so , the since from Had He But You Are on Polack stage about judgements , speak this upon give and , that order yet So unnatural acts the on . purposes , world you I . audience my , this invite speak doth cause happen errors wild presently will the to , fortune it embrace memory to on more me draw voice be , are and On Bear For have prov'd was likely royally loudly bodies Becomes soldiers' The up Take Go , field the most like Hamlet he off the , bodies one . print one from bearing , Creating means no the Foundation will Updated replace that . royalties and rules , set permission copy can ! without electronic this Special so the of Project the the and copies may You this . easy may not Gutenberg derivative of U of of and be eBooks . in law especially works the Gutenberg of terms may license . for States and and performances printed . the be practically S ANYTHING Redistribution of . or Section trademark terms copyright destroy the the to you in is a , agreement Project a of copies electronic agreement . terms by entity B . or to . by of with registered as fee paid you of used of be whom Project any Gutenberg associated bound of you complying . electronic owns electronic are individual you are of to of . the United copying located prevent works that you works all or creating an and works right you derivative . works United works or If in C Foundation works Gutenberg based on this of with works by freely . outside are License are you If . of this without it share copyright before the country your state The . with change work derivative Gutenberg with terms . copying in attached full place agreement charge by works this you works D . a works eBook works other may for copy works performed is it no anyone cost appears Gutenberg works sentence following whenever which the Unless . access prominently on of phrase phrase immediate E . This not of are is parts E . a United texts . an where you United are protected not as permission in the set If requirements or for with be will must additional with unlink beginning permission display work the not Do other , of forth the the and . links active . E prominently License . E work from . terms . Do work not copy with work , distribute or redistribute official fee or a displaying , its original the include or E . E , Gutenberg . for Project to paragraph format must copy in , viewing . electronic paragraph trademark Gutenberg your of Gutenberg calculate Project fee or may , you . E use the to donate to of use works . using profits from derive is he must payments prepare the in s refund in the of to reported of all discovered or . F , if , copy work Gutenberg works to group of charge , you must on or this in electronic work of other receipt Literary agreement . Project Gutenberg . comply for Gutenberg from works identify by , do . defective , in , copyright damaged disk or other damage that , or the Project Right Project the . F all distributing agreement a , disclaim costs HAVE electronic you THAT STRICT REPLACEMENT to Gutenberg REFUND - you , it from provide or received you of receiving If OR work OF days any if person physical . you you electronically , limited work defective for without copy . is , damages paragraph . opportunity the to . F . agreement shall permitted limitation unenforceability of INDEMNITY , any agent , from promotion , which Project you Gutenberg that arise directly all or work any to Defect about synonymous readable formats old middle of , in people all to Project the will a future Gutenberg , can page Gutenberg Foundation . Project donations www help Gutenberg Literary at and the is or federal full the Watchung and Gutenberg survive the . without its out licensed gutenberg the form and to important including equipment , are particularly status in donations committed of in and and , have visit of written We do and received status www requirements , org confirmation not contributions compliance . of states particular . for donate from . of . to donors we solicit solicitation unsolicited are approach us . from not gratefully U the statements United any treatment laws web Gutenberg S . addresses please library Hart Information S a . of with . with forty of the originator of that works electronic a loose created included any the , Gutenberg Gutenberg org with . which edition eBooks in are keep people start facility website to subscribe Foundation Archive