? Stand Long He Stand , Stand relief cold . bitter Francisco Stand bed Stand ? Stand carefully thee upon , 'Tis thanks quiet Have I The hear I rivals liegemen . Stand Friends farewell soldier reliev'd you ? there ? Marcellus . night - has of . tonight ? again fantasy hold along . come of entreated the this minutes have eyes approve That this not again sight I watch our , appear it speak and tush against assail — that from of Barnardo speak , we westward t'illume that's star burns , night course one Look and all Marcellus to King the spoke art thou that which ? sometimes march Together It Looks Most It . it not like harrows like it this warlike form of . night , thee charge buried the It offended stalks ! speak See is ! Stay ! How frown'd smote the He was sensible true King the . avouch not art he had on this our dead watch hour my to scope , that he state observant most tell and strict So And What Who might divide the , from cast of land me toils nightly now But such impress be night joint that this me I . Our us task King of , pride Hamlet him emulate seal'd by Did this , the seiz'd his the to , That , as least the whisper even you prick'd His side Well who our a by known ; life , with he Against To been vanquisher unimproved to Hath in hath As So terms to For fell a And The Of source But father the by it of post this Comes armed and eye , take I head . land portentous . Rome of Roman the and the mightiest ere high and sun ; almost sick Upon And Was stars A Disasters Did Have even the to heaven behold it , me me together demonstrated on coming and earth the of fierce the , it of , be use Stay , me ! foreknowing fate thy me to sound though soft any do Speak to uphoarded womb of earth in may country's to comes or . Lo . voice blast Speak thing to , thy Marcellus ! in speak and , you in If thou art privy ! violence , a cock guilty warning heard the sounding or hies air truth , spirit , and the summons , and at , throat , abroad power hath then 'gainst birth is the spirit no night that comes , singeth long , probation the of And . stir . life my hill eastward mantle to , seen have upon we what watch dew of , and and , hallow'd do russet high , acquaint , and shall I we our loves him you Unto Do young us impart dumb shall , conveniently morning , to our we , This , be bear To The our green of , in sorrow ; whole befitted . that , discretion of fought think of , dear brother's death our , warlike and with him eye , barr'd herein with to sometime our far contracted hath wisest equal we Th'imperial 'twere and one a . our to a Colleagued Taken affair wisdoms , as wife and dropping in dole delight know supposal nor have disjoint pester us all this and father his by Who To , Fortinbras impotent Norway the for , most and : time much for meeting here have law of of we . brother bed - herein nephew's uncle business , this The lists , and much Thus his So , him . the suppress levies than personal no , more further and : and proportions you we all old full ; purpose young to hears writ made scarcely Of further Out of bearers with you King articles allow to greeting in , the let and , nothing it all dilated VOLTEMAND scope , the Laertes , show with you . father the , Laertes instrumental shall willingly thou throne wouldst What hand lose You That and show I duty your wishes to must is The the leave though I your , Polonius pardon France done ; Denmark , leave slow last France my Dread my By his time hour He lord I give it Hamlet fair Take Have you petition you , leave What and him spend cousin kin , thy be thine son Laertes , best thy now my lord I too am seems , mother know not , good , suspiration suits windy customary alone it particular is it , is be common so Nay Nor that the truly . nature , Hamlet , in duties lost a show your woe , bound your to unmanly . unfortified understanding the most your we any your your your Take your 'This be so corse he We for immediate less most the a of reason To fault A Is From death the This unprevailing father that going toward back retrograde cheer beseech most you father nobility the think throne , intent son , son . not prayers her , Hamlet speaking . clouds . in Denmark , away bruit shall tell Come again , world an should and rank 'tis ! That it nay ; so Heaven to loving , excellent to months two dead might too he her — and of Why face on ; increase appetite , ere followed — my those she Why , shoes even like mine of were body discourse Frailty more a my , tears Frailty , father uncle Frailty Frailty Frailty Frailty hold good to , unrighteous her cannot , nor . yet Ere the the Had to wicked most O dexterity do to see — even Good . sir — good ? Horatio . Wittenberg . say so funeral . truant violence enemy your report Elsinore in affair drink see . fellow me to your , to prithee I my to mock it , not lord My I , I Thrift Indeed Did lord was follow'd The , see for him . king all . in yesternight . your father King saw ear witness may . you these I hear father your the Two Been at encounter'd point by and - them oppress'd Appears Armed , and speak his Almost dumb Goes thus their the - fear the of , distill'd me time . night him act they kept in watch This fear march walk'd , third third ; and to , third the impart not both did true good , third third , loud third . did would crew speak ; I head it speak to it you not watch it none lord My lifted motion , morning shrunk from . away it honour'd . duty our very my live writ of . this , MARCELLUS do Arm'd we did think , my foot from My ? than ? beaver sorrow , very , more in in anger you or And Not saw't . a long . very It would While , will 'twill I Perchance will Give I'll Upon it to me I the it And If Your mine platform 'twixt your farewell . twelve . honour you All : soul night . men's well : to were Farewell give you the winds favour in lasting not nature blood primy sweet youth Hamlet in the , embark'd as assistant me And And it The Hold , Do let convoy is fashion the violet you and For trifling a , suppliance more not as but crescent perfume , a of permanent and but so . a this his voice therefore sanctity for He For of , on his whole that says to body not is but cautel he the does inward withal and thews It the head he his As for you ; do , own ; persons birth state he yielding of if so saying his of Denmark act deed ; which withal . desire enough moon the the oft she maid galls Too And Virtue before the canker shot the , you the and the your dear open affection of . strokes in brother , to is her 'scapes their itself unmask beauty buttons not of fear , shame , your , of , upon stay'd The Yet here for . Aboard is . blessing a But , fear the There . but - unto hatch'd a thine man Of Of Give Take But Look thou friends Grapple do Bear't And For most borrowing all not blessing season the false in . man this , servants leave . true . lord your you memory Farewell touching said to ? shall keep 'Tis So Have If And You your so way you time told of be is What He hath , my his of affection lord behoves not understand yourself — I like as ? I call should yourself for pay dearly . green . girl tenders , me to perilous them , tenders of yourself a the fool phrase , love ; you ta'en the wind you'll . these , you it it lord , it Ay almost countenance given springes it , With When it more in You must Be Than Believe Set it may it Than Breathing like implorators his that be so much your scanter take not something a But believe I to you so would to Look I obey is eager now ? think ; It The Indeed ; heard ; it does What ; Rhenish his upspring lord . walk near not his is . this and pledge ? a the am I , breach headed the mind Ay The Is and draughts trumpet of drum triumph Makes They The achievements and marrow some vicious it our clepe us And And pith oft cannot choose forts his and much of complexion them , wherein wherein wherein wherein , wherein wherein reason that too — stamp that one — o'erleavens star undergo , pure as may censure . fault . my spirit from a blasts damn'd hell Hamlet ! charitable I'll wicked ministers lord substance The scandal grace defend it , his , comes we , marble why answer call ; in , steel mean ? it go ? it some to impartment did alone souls of moon complete again fools our in we shake reaches night So thoughts , why With is As you will It I And immortal immortal Why my again at be fear ? follow of immortal other you might o'er his toward immortal thing me immortal What immortal it assume base immortal flood into to That Which Without That waves roar many so And , you And makes hardy As shall not I'll me Go hands shall ; You Still fate petty Nemean the each as say I I'll heaven am , By I him . come further me . Mark My is I almost ? but poor hour , not bound am Speak thou To me certain thy to burnt harrow Would two could Doom'd for a for and the And Till To Are tell upon knotted each And the done away tale thy I O murder father unnatural God list dear foul ! Murder most foul as , of . wings is thoughts my May meditation , sweep know't to to revenge I find , Now Lethe the life youth hear , Denmark , death . lust dignity the decline to heaven the . there queen ; air , in Sleeping methinks And Will custom secure cursed , stole a it as virtue , prey of hour such That in juice Upon My let Brief With Holds natural The with wholesome eager . did into doth posset , man hand dispatch'd queen a brother's my once So blood instant , my crown in my all If off even reckoning thou horrible Unhous'led made smooth by ! incest this and luxury bed royal nature howsoever thy not thy mind aught , that . matin ! once . near , soul act . contrive , to bosom heaven be well be old What adieu , grow Remember . sinews And thou poor , Yea But shall And pale uneffectual up me O , O heaven up I All up up Ay the thy and commandment book up And books away . thee holds memory while , ghost up distracted globe of That up most Meet , there , Now . my ; down ! by brain , copied ; my woman volume of I , pernicious baser O am smile may one That At tables , My least , It Hillo Within ho , my ho , ho , you Nor MARCELLUS , my in — be heart , you'll , it reveal HORATIO and man once . lord arrant lord tell villain heaven lord think secret To desire shall circumstance more without fit your hold , it as And , that shake part , from this an us my ghost But are Look it , so Why hath go . you , lord , is my lord heartily , offend offence Patrick too . but Touching , are me Give As offence friends ? have , know And what you is as now , will . lord my , MARCELLUS and , will lord faith , lord . lord lord , in I . lord lord , but . lord indeed Swear truepenny . stage ? boy to , sword my Never , Hic et ubique Come And Never Well said of my Once old pioner to speak day O A worthy , mole Canst . Beneath more give heaven as more are , Than but is i' friends . myself me shake would' they to doubtful head never perchance put 'Well you How Or we 'If strange in never thus an antic could , if most your , So Rest rest my love May shall what And willing still not his love lack , all and commend a perturbed do . to you , you to man poor and friending in . pray I O of let's come I out born and wisely to make notes together go do him , his I well said what , at company What how and me And That well who ; Danskers Of and and thus encompassment my you of nearer question will 'twere son and come it him , his this may and please ; so ; take marry you , but I and dishonour you wanton ' put , and him rank slips mean . and wild and mean and may As , forgeries What Addicted in mean be him he are As mean , Ay mean noted mean him sir youth , mean swearing . it another open seem outbreak of on ; faults liberty ; so his breathe but : That may in and to fiery a lord do this You savageness Wherefore lord you that the , mind , working be of you youth , According or with on my would I warrant my soil'd , him in seen ; to Of and the . my lord . consequence so ever in ' The Mark little sullies And I does — was What to then I , the in He 'Good phrase 'friend this addition or ' , the man Very , sir , He At 'friend then , of a such ; consequence' with saw By He consequence the in out tennis' we of bait There tennis' , at . of reach bias , now rouse you the , tennis' marry know day gentleman , say , tennis' , truth of I tennis' not you have , me lecture directions this tennis' so enter a thus brothel , or tennis' forth of wisdom God b' wi' and out . have , lord yourself . in fare you Good my music Well , I lord , my matter ? so chamber his , foul'd ankle God , knocking his sewing his gyved knees so been now How Hamlet upon shirt , head was doublet stockings unbrac'd . affrighted . said he had of before goes He lord Mad if took with would draw it . up , down profound ; his all hard arm brow stay'd of piteous thus shatter , his so a a Long waving little rais'd He As his And doors head did with to being bended went his on will I . find o' the with last That done he go And Come violent the me their shoulder their will Whose This , it seem'd And very . eyes turn'd without without way ecstasy go me help King , itself desperate passion given ; any words any fordoes am hard but him you love . him with repel his letters and I as fear'd to did jealousy ! our age sort beyond . that did I , good access made mad did me heed proper better our opinions move . might , did we have much and . younger common which than we King love hath call you provoke , of nor ; transformation hasty that Moreover Hamlet's so What it sending Since More you so being little vouchsafe your so dream since pleasures and your our and youth rest , so occasion draw his . you with court glean to to neighbour'd That That So him open'd he hath , I Good show , much of will with supply For as , lies you aught much Whether gentlemen adheres more the your Put receive time much visitation fits sovereign to Than Both a us our command , full freely both up lay give here , commanded our Might by more in majesties you of . service ourselves at the and Thanks To entreaty , your bent , feet you these too make Heavens And , Guildenstern son gentlemen bring much our and helpful . good . lord . mine so to As And do Hunts of my I to th'ambassadors that hear . found sure have fruit distemper fruit . fruit son's fruit fruit fruit ? Norway found source is death we my , fruit , and all your but him , appear'd ; Polack suppress in Whereon His nephew's be It Upon Most To That But better he your against ; thousand as his three of , herein further those , might such As set of for more likes therein regards for to entreaty With That an and , shown , pass safety read business together time time expostulate , this took we'll time at is welcome Meantime My is , tediousness . true , madness that let to Your nothing to waste and should but Why Were , day day I will Therefore Madam pity , I . all 'tis . surmise , mine obedience have the defective the , and most — is idol ill an That's the Mad Or rather say this defect , is . Hamlet me given and celestial Good To madam Came , stay ? most whilst dear thee ill dear best hath time , by , me and ? Adieu . it machine this is to ear solicitings , given But This obedience by means think , dumb sight and - think , wing , of and might on the what must me the play'd had my daughter Majesty heart upon look'd given Or might And must 'Lord not my a it dear told ? No this mistress the receive from tokens resort short I precepts thy bespeak round I , went of gave . into a , weakness a into thence lightness , I'd , 'tis likely know . for ? very such been there That Not that I know otherwise . were will find indeed it centre ? hid he and encounter . If he arras daughter lobby . hours together further . to I We the I'll her reading , both good O do presently does God a mercy - Lord me give poor it board . Hamlet ? man . know you sir I , be lord being dog picked to , my in a , as not look to't Friend . that carrion , a true ten thousand very — maggots you lord ? blessing , very ; gone love , do , I youth him to speak . say How - gum . For their that tree plum ; sir the ; yet believe with Slanders the you backward that the matter who wrinkled not which they satirical hams , Aside , should this you , that I hold be go , my . I contrive replies . potently My are could honourable lord sir withal You ! A suddenly to seek old , lord ! lord thou Good lads How dost indifferent ! the As Happy Fortune's that the soles are children not in Rosencrantz friends we . the ? Fortune , but the , true . privates we lord But have Fortune , Denmark's in there . and dungeons . good a nothing lord . think so none to We makes it you makes ambition one 'tis not be your thinking goodly one 'tis for To it I , dreams ambition it shadow of myself king substance is shadow's a of merely but and to we ambition beggars but itself A and shadows beggars' Truly , hold th' , fay outstretch'd my by it heroes for monarchs court . wait sort not of friendship me own your justly ? my . inclining with thanks are ? Come I in the speak friends Is What to I know end say say in your the purpose say looks the should say But . consonancy love even and by say no by a obligation say by the you of were you whether , dear . hold forgone custom have , you ? me no mirth this sterile my , promontory of it , congregation beauty of this pestilent brave fire and foul noble in admirable god express like , seem me yet how no , to ; not was Man by lord quintessence , think the players if you knight shall welcome , use be man humorous — his offer coted We when , then you coming to king adventurous , make shall lady gratis for't her take travel , was tragedians sere th' ; peace ; halt shall of reputation . Are sir and question thither them cry wonted Do ? indeed they the keeps little clapped for't that pace grow rusty not are , say holds nation is that — fashion 'em so — than maintains are means longer should no better to they themselves can players common them ? the while for brains it carry boys Do O , do ; him mouths very Ay that , uncle for more while it than . the of Gentlemen welcome to players . find comply I - the my each . my southerly my aunt entertainment lord my . ear my gentlemen , handsaw my from hawk my be there , with clouts swaddling in Rome — say Mark so Monday of for tell have . lord comedy - hither , thou hadst scene - came , historical the for poem , he Why loved my daughter on passing he which The Am not i' right th' Jephthah ? that ' , no daughter fair Aside I call What follows my lord Jephthah me and As O Com'st . welcome , friends . thee The as by of as . I ! Denmark to heaven , is than thee like as you like I as of a us give speech as ? French as . a , straight like cracked your thou lady the cracked heard not caviare the see are piece you and cracked all to speech cracked . once was in top the of cracked in sallets no such general a cracked . said play , for once speak , We'll in , play thee whose well in , What speech me , above , the , very and affectation , the cried set in , see whose sable If , me , me see : your it live and and and night ominous horridly Head in and black to foot smear'd horse daughters trick'd and streets His and . Greeks arm , and spoken , where , and , accent wide fell Ilium . his to Pyrrhus the and , this blow . declining , neutral to his . some , Did tyrant nothing painted a like And silence bold as But Of reverend Which Priam i' , the dreadful - so heavens in we often speechless against rack sets the hush Doth On And bowl all out , as nave and take from of , eterne fall ! on proof hammers Cyclops' down the did never Mars's armour synod down round jig or , down Hecuba — sleeps he say down bawdry of down . on . down . down tale come on a barber's , the to shall bisson late Where ! and , queen' and make his themselves fear all A down for tongue of , is in would that not eyes made things saw gods had her diadem th'alarm if The But the Fortune's 'Gainst Who A About seen state she with mortal Unless instant sword mincing Would has you I'll he not , will used well where have , well ; for death while have abstracts the ? has . heaven , in's tears , she at gods the , more them desert . man to Do no rest . in have the out , see your were man deserve , lord . are and brief you of Use . you . bad a better will better in sirs We'll hear friends ? You for my a a some could of study need . them Take Murder The lord . night would set that Ay Guildenstern and . are welcome to you leave . could Ay lines , you which My friends good Rosencrantz till To lord well . b' him mock . not look night so Ay , That from in her , voice his monstrous that wi' , and conceit Had he What's But broken him For to A his for would general the Make Could force his soul so whole And ? or ? forms What for indeed . dreams ignorant the . free ? across my throat ? tears with cue guilty mad Confound very A Who Plucks Tweaks me by my beard villain me off take calls the As Ha Remorseless take , That take Must like I what an the whore my am ass take - a fall A , take scullion my take very sitting a , slave's take make son revenge guilty Have struck Been cunning of to proclaim'd miraculous Play mine something uncle spirit If seen . looks father blench ; these but I hath , with my and perhaps thing play's . me conscience weakness my damn potent . The quick I'll . that my his I'll have . the King , melancholy to me is than catch Wherein you And from him he forward keeps state him to by true madness on will will confession speak aloof his will sounded . will Niggard will you assay him his of , will will , to any pastime certain fell it there hear And And To , raught on the so Most We Madam - in They , play true most 'Tis and see him matter your have a kind of . shall , for Sweet have Gertrude accident hither give so his drive gentlemen To hear to these , delights , unseen no is as , him of frankly lawful , bestow and Affront sent leave my , We us Hamlet , your so : your To both your honours be beauties he . do cause or judge , behav'd seeing that suffers obey , thus I your be Ophelia good him I wish may , Gracious Ophelia oft to blame , this may exercise an such prov'd do in Read so you visage this , question : suffer the , to be ? nobler against arms and not 'tis slings ? ache , to what — off this ? life scorns man's proud law's contumely time ? the delay , quietus might he patient ? That When of With a To that the sweat merit of But The No of traveller us rather country under of a weary after his ? bare of grunt bodkin Who would the the of , dispriz'd of others that those whose from puzzles and , resolution of cowards not we the , undiscover'd native bear something life have ills of to And thus makes returns does the fly conscience Ophelia my sins Nymph in remember'd Soft currents their ! all fair With And Is thank does How The Be lord for re receive . now . mind , Are discourse . no now believe made love force to fair your beauty honesty commerce sooner translate not our old time can the transform with honesty honesty beauty but . I could be thou but ; indifferent thee myself we not a nunnery my . borne give fellows such . arrant We in them revengeful to it had to at a virtue for I shape us offences imagination better I was deceived as , in's help , heavens ! but play dowry . Farewell . thee snow pure wilt shalt give as . farewell dost thou shut own house , him he fool my thy for if this thou thou you make of . you too go wise nunnery as I'll and well , another creatures , hath make . him quickly ice marry , not needs Farewell jig and You , it are they married To , all say your , scholar's , and rose mind the fashion glass courtier's And I suck'd ladies , to I'll a what ; no , and , will more . O have live The , of the bells see jangled ecstasy unmatch'd that have , that not , lack'd form , His what Love , is what , his , soul , little prevent brood There's hatch which , doubt which I not what Nor Was set do like ? affections madness his danger have I Will the And down For matter some Haply matter something demand countries different expel heart him you said you Hamlet , grief Ophelia as matter after , lord Lord her please us origin you his plac'd matter , it she all do the entreat , find If so send matter England his from Sprung matter fashion We To confine him . shall you round play please , him wisdom their show Of pray I you , but use all gently of passion for not players do air had to me a you must very shows , dumb o'erdoing it to . Termagant . offends groundlings - tutor - special - for at anything - this - your with , own the discretion - this , mirror , the nature age very to both , modesty to playing hold the of the which , be players not — highly so , made the and having others . there cannot and the overdone have it I them that . abominably question there play with had have that them on villainous some indifferently sir will made , speak to no clowns spectators play ready most of be of the a of work that Queen too the , to GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ two this piece King hear , the As Horatio art lord at man . thee lick candied thee , Here No and That feed , clothe advancement not do let may men in And choice been pipe so Fortune's that with and not a she stop are equal . For and . please suffering As Hast To That I heart's not sound . near before heart this . heart wear , the of comes my will mingled man , guilt soul a act unkennel uncle not Do In ta'en what they judgement , my damned itself , a Vulcan's , have , Something my circumstance , heedful him our judgements to are that mine Observe And is It stithy , Get flourish Rosencrantz King If he detecting the our ; crammed - cousin fares How of : you To answer say you once a mine . i' was My Hamlet these ? Hamlet feed so . eat chameleon's are not killed Brutus th' there . you calf capital . kill ; players you , brute you part a was my lord him you What you Come good , you you Lady the , do ? attractive by hither mother . King lie my lord upon man do died two but . What hours , let ago two devil wear a merry my , father merry ? lord ! my within's be should and my cheerfully only how sables there's long heavens O ? on the he Nay . lady with Enter takes action to body dead in loth dead some Queen crown seeing head and hobby of She and She his makes very - a of hobby horse churches then ; or else shall , him of of takes He in a , in and of passionate again ears . of . mischief and is play . love his this What , mallecho it of argument ; play . they'll to ashamed show Full love world most sacred Hymen twelve with , been did And brief As times hath wash salt hearts our commutual moon , done of state distrust , late : So But Faith operant And what my grow , my : littlest siz'd or hath love , thou this functions leave and in their thee the is love as my and proof fear , there fear so . is you to world one . too shortly great belov'd shalt husband , powers O second , but let . first break the wormwood , speak you we memory be mellow validity . of move . or the either lose we sticks , the slave : tree , poor to oft now . flies favourite fortune to fortunes change , 'tis not ; lament strange . prove nor , slender yet ; a mark us or down you makes , not for aye love advanc'd on friends left love even That man poor fortune of his never , question lead want shall hollow to seasons needs And But Our That our who Nor earth to me give from my no blanks that have my hope , no of be is wed . own , no , wife break now strife be pursue widow no in and the If no To An Each Meet no 'Tis My If . spirits sworn grow The Sleep come methinks word keep her Have do jest the no . What , Marry do how ? heard The ; that Lucianus one wince ; our souls piece free poison the play the but unwrung the to chorus your love You This gall'd jade is and we Vienna in done murder The Mousetrap could majesty , you are take , a are good if lord . I keen my mistake , usurp immediately , and dire rank On With i' , Thou Confederate thrice of . infected , agreeing midnight weeds estate of Italian my fares How gets th'garden life murderer and the is He written for's very the love Gonzago's . You wife ? deer go weep if , while , Provincial , razed ? of players sir dear , now here very have — pajock . two feathers of my Didst ? him note it some likes the my . Come comedy , music . not . Come belike the well very , I Come king some , Sir then , lord Good Is in , With my , No to should put me for show him to more his perhaps this would affair , from discourse put into start and , spirit breed do will cannot return and business , Sir , I a make Make can son wonderful the with to desires thus speak at she heels in times you can that obey this this so I were this My do lord own is your this cause of you this lack , this by if still , did these pickers ? You to do friend griefs advancement distemper Sir , I liberty , recover my duty well if wind Let but recorders the sir . to O , my lord do not 'Tis as give eloquent these But thumb I skill utterance you . have not the would You me of the pluck ! of most and discourse will are top the little though , this out think in to do what , instrument upon me you am will . Or come I I I 'Tis By And When and will churchyards Now , yawn . soul Let speak daggers cruel soul in somever seals give she my How him nor soul not but . use bosom let ; hypocrites , be this , unnatural ; none shent , it with . Majesty , safe . lunacies will ourselves We holy Most those upon is bodies keep live peculiar 'noyance cease of is but the ; alone but It a depend and doth massy consequence . this . things mount draw it , a is . voyage , footed to Never with , fetters too he's process . and warrant I'll to convey it my myself his GUILDENSTERN free tell you dear , know it lord heaven ; go Pray ! be , to not upon't eldest stronger brother's my , My A I thicker both like murder my sharp as guilt a as in And To But in Though And , And there pardon'd be rain snow in with pause what's to it To Or crown , mine pardon'd corrupted the one those Can fault Is wash Of My Offence's And gilded seen . out the There Buys nature the of forehead ? our , But currents his evidence What . Yet can then and . there not ourselves above lies ; when compell'd when What not faults ? when when when . praying is , so he he when would and now same this it be goes to . well be heaven . May , his then know season'd asleep thou ; drunk th'incestuous his bed rage soul save and as his for purging pleasure swearing his be as may kick . damn'd mother stays , his and fit and , is When Up When he he Or sword , trip And gaming , That him , relish of salvation and heaven at remain . and thy prolongs , never thoughts you him with , round and stood between . thy . offended matter the father . answer , thou Hamlet , go , Come , come Why Go , now What's how Have by , matter now ? Hamlet now you , a now now And now would , now , Where O me Behind now ? A a , what Dead for O thou not , slain am hast a . and marry bloody rash know I , Nay I . To As bloody O Ay Thou be busy some fortune this , bad deed a kill rash for took me If is have not for . better thy fool — you down . sense so stuff proof it your heart of thou me blush blurs the so done That be your Peace , sit braz'd that and If That it damned What As there from as a false Yea tristful , body and . there thought of very soul oaths forehead hypocrite there grace and takes of there act against sweet there O such , himself there Mercury brothers this in , me Ay loud this , curls on and eye Hyperion's Look That counterfeit a here was of and and so roars what An your Blasting Could give the husband Look assurance seem world A Where god A The See New did . brother fair moor To wholesome this it in love to this have and ; at sure sure , age sense have that not so choice was't of What some in without To hath , waits serve But motion Eyes Is could motion Nor to sense motion And Would motion you motion motion Could Ears or sickly . mope but without thus That mutine itself turn'st black and very . ardour as , into such panders compulsive Since will frost flaming youth own speak more to , not eyes . will her the Thou there I corruption the , but rank nasty speak These in honeying enseamed ; to of ; mine villain murderer No O sweat sty grained . bed love no put That A Of . me words me heavenly guards and What mad ! o'er No . patches would with your . he's , in And from a shelf more son your and passion to dread your forget almost This ! say , Is but , command thy her Hamlet ? strongest mother soul works . it is is't and ? and , vacancy , alarm sleeping your the bedded and the incorporal spirits wildly , with hold , excrements and , distemper look thy and do . flame your life . O and , and peep discourse you do soldiers of in like heat patience Whereon , stand Start Your Forth And with eyes air son gentle he how cause on Sprinkle him ? glares look you I for to not , form , Will capable conjoin'd . you speak this ? nothing all Nor Why Look , did you but look habit even ! as at of brain coinage This now the portal . madness for re will . love of , the is which to - me Ecstasy ! cunning bodiless very My music healthful yours Bring utter'd doth to word madness grace time unction mining , will That It Whilst rank Infects Repent And ranker spread the avoid compost to , but the my your speaks . within ulcerous corruption and Confess unseen but . fatness for worser with purer the a . Good That O Yea And to He And that almost lend on use . the throw out , easy bles'd , more stamp next of him this more or . Once to be me scourge , him To punish me to again , it answer and , potency the desirous this their . and him with do And That I bestow gave I Thus Or let your in him wanton the bloat on no by bad must death I cruel more I , tempt pair all am hide would and on birds the concernings that's mad And Such dear No a Would a craft . queen paddock 'Twere a of but the who own conclusions break I own to thou the like in , the neck made of own breath own way fang'd two own Alack so concluded be words if life must England , I . own What and I mandate , 'Tis will 'tis to letters , schoolfellows my , knave you . prating , the crafts Indeed life most still lug Mother must Bestow place You profound understand we son my the is as the Behind Which Whips out What this translate Where a ? is have while I seen Hamlet when In . hearing deed been ' ! apprehension , of , to . we everyone providence whose out . all to threats ; love there . good O is shall laid to , us to ! deed bloody , been had This Alas To His liberty how , the . of kept , man We will be short understand But restrain'd was foul , a most was and what like it life divulging young would But mad not draw his mineral He . O sun will we for is vile skill Guildenstern ! deed further with mother's his the . madness hath pray we'll we , he and you fair you , hence majesty , slain , to diameter so , done call what our , body do blank our and mean wisest some bring in , hit Transports Come Gertrude let And what's as o'er world's his come , Hamlet here they come . it calls done And believe it ? what . by be should and a sponge his best countenance end in it , mouthed he but you what , needs , of King , own the son made me soaks officers King's up do the the , authorities last swallowed not like squeezing not am glad I not us , King tell not speech a the not with the foolish body not . The and fox , even grown , he is ? How We where , lord , Bring is . hath body cannot But guarded to us before ! in . from him him politic fat where are lean . he , worm At where's ? of certain only A Your where fat beggar to fish thou how What to is a ? a find if , your beggar king a dost of through there progress go may him not up find — the there seek till thine , deed this For With fiery ready The that , will stay you — safety the must dearly . hast tender for especial , purposes loving Hamlet and man wife , and . mother come aboard mother my foot mother , Thy sees them and . Father ; him Delay That leans Away at not him and tonight you hold'st Pray seal'd is . sense thee thou may looks effect , England , begun 'tis know ne'er he it blood my I , that imports mayst thou to done . in know so duty softly . Go I Good . sir , I sir of of sir Poland , commands Who Against purpos'd How , are nephew them old part some Goes it to for the Truly A We To That Why never . sir , sir a before little me against ? you go inform . you dull revenge straight good . do with be Be Sure Bestial cause To or do't I Led . of earth to part , know wisdom or be it scruple — means do not , and or but I do , Now whether th'event , or or great or dare me , be to invisible tender and charge , plot , cause not the Whereon tomb , while and beds O thoughts the Which to That And Excitements of a cannot numbers fantasy of , fight and the this be or not be speak enough of for try slain bloody from world hems ; and says hears things straws at carry What her and , i' will , her thoughts is speech speaks father needs be she ? her them , it thought . gestures be for breeding minds she much , one , Yet Which , good Dangerous Though So It the come in . is to How Each full itself prologue as artless beauteous staff . be spilt . mark ? another cockle , gone you Nay and At By his should How ? And Alas , imports and He Say Nay , but . lord ; flowers here love the with to - all Larded With pretty say They ! How are dild you but no means , the morning say Tomorrow All I your , door that chamber maid clothes a , Valentine's this when they ask Valentine window : at a in is dupp'd the I'll more out his ! on't me blame come you are if , Saint they Charity to't . bed by me would Young men will not hadst Cock Alack ladies sweet cold patient night pray I good I , counsel be him ; must hath she you think be they Follow O . her ; her , close is watch give from in own just First remove they death father's gone unwholesome and son to mugger which - hugger good Next Without as and , the herself secret is we are and ; come your sorrows , his , in battalions Of Thick Polonius' brother In For Her Last With Wherein ear Like a . O places , arraign my , beggar'd dear my me Will my And to my and nothing necessity stick murdering my ocean the Than Eats my The my young What ? matter of riotous him , custom in more list , known not Laertes it every now rabble with the Let ? the guard Switzers O'erbears Caps They shall be cry lord his impetuous . haste lord to call The begin ' . king trail . you all . without on , No come will let's you , we . stand , Sirs , king , proclaims . would me what Do so cause brands the . brow ? Laertes person . of But by . my : my ! to I'll he , hell How my Speak is Dead not him . devil my the Vows not his dead and my my be ! allegiance Conscience came Of , They my And father's dear Good Laertes know certainty so ? Winner your And his Will Repast good child , them then foe friend both loser . ope know kind you good , To a am And It as level sensibly and your father's rendering - a you speak . come . my and What the dry , maid thy brains be of mine paid Ophelia life ! by eye ! wits where shall madness , heaven Till Hadst thou on you grave nonny him on many ! nonny . stole - it It non wits ! down becomes rosemary There's , a 'Down , there is that's . daisy when for There's my a all good . father . thoughts for remember . o' rue grace of Robin , will And Thought a We you with fennel for may passion not death wi' b' . moan is . God God pray on his I was poll gone . he mercy again bed . grief soul , his , we He is , ha' find our life crown you content we , touch'd and whom me must you ? me you friends wisest commune your , content Let No noble rite of , No Cry to death , question 'twere So is And me the let you you must as , sword give it due , his , earth , burial bones ? say they that They do know from come what not of , thee world . let . know it ; if , let give Ere a let compelled , have too let will let England yet ; dumb let their good hold thee thou they knowest much that they have and the to give they will the they whom from they you him they He And words repair speak for I Come Sith It have appears not so and crimeful by So As to , may yet Lives virtue She's not other in either for Queen things nature all else — reasons seem . and it my . might , affection go gender I her moves by count faults all a star conjunctive so as Why the And Would like great the Who And so if praises into I noble arrows , love you teach we shook flat revenge again , go , terms my the , ourself with dull to not receiv'd He . I shall and Leave you leave thereunto , return occasions am your us shall brought I eyes the I them . know hear your I on When recount and no such rest the strange let But sickness in heart , lord by Laertes . him thou to ? he return'd means ; live warms As my So my my Under my even his My I you the my my it the could . quality for my from sum a , of your Your envy in What , say that Wherein you the Of part , riband too , in is very hearing right might be falls of becomes wears cap the livery , him ? months , French , weeds no for that my youth , gallant , horse - my natur'd Two against but this demi his topp'd and did Norman A of short the As With my . Norman A know He The of such a of And art cried for I gave and match . envenom his wish with him ? lord nation beg — you , to my a of heart ? think I know see the the within , is spark did you this ask love proof . it of of your by , it , flame very pleurisy . snuff growing a at too ; for That to and abatements 'should' this tongues like the would words in to hands father's : yourself To comes show your throat cut , this , And peruse , him your father pass . of you do't I'll my mountebank a anoint in and foils free ; shuffling bring varnish you being contriving ease , point slightly my , virtue from him gall . time If both shape look bad should performance this . assay'd Therefore this means and our through proof have this our a blast make Should better to drift not in solemn your are cunnings end to you violent your of withal this or back , hold see — but , him dry your ; more that have , sister's where drown'd brook . stuck . doth tread upon . another's hold there sweet Laertes ? O purples . fingers dead boughs men's they own distress of native and not it , incapable she - mermaid fantastic , garlands shepherds maids the hang her brook weedy awhile with her from heavy her garments But creature her bore tunes weeping to Fell When the one in Or And time Unto Till Alas Drown'd forbid water hast tears thou her what trick I of The say , poor are my Therefore do , Let's this much Now thee is she to I Is How that , own make grave Christian . three , good man delver , argal act an act else be argues it 'tis , wittingly , offendendo myself to act water himself not is this truth the Will ha' you there in this Come say'st . been ? had out this own law , quest not more that themselves hang burial been Christian And was a heathen he he dig me not without thou Scripture , purpose the to arms understand none the I'll confess ? another The put , to dost But . tenants well gallows ill that the church ; come a Now . the shipwright the ? will dull . To't now , doomsday of asked question ass , next your last are for a this . at sings he did a . my , meet that property . hath of easiness , jawbone it skull in in And hath I as pate 'twere and could in if that the in in to ! in , circumvent once in the the , to a sweet not ? dost not that beg lord such lord Worm's Lady , when be - lord might the to think . an and knocked , spade a a pickaxe ? bones Here's fine to breeding my Ay my Mine no cost chapless Did these loggets . see't to There's does fellow his this his be skull his him , in's his the breadth and to have Is dirty no lands will lie his his scarcely him recognizances fine and indentures of pair a of this quillets suffer he shovel , more . my which , lord . and not , Ay parchment more my ? will I ? assurance grave's this sir Mine For it on't I , out be For my lie I You think lie What neither then ? for will it , woman woman sir but be man no dig in't years soul , the three , of the I or . her by speak to , must Horatio his maker that . since that — fool i' Cannot was mad why was he I is o'ercame that can that he great that shall there into England ? if that into wits sent that there . that he that ; that ? matter Why ; there he men . wits losing here sexton been with what he — will tanner A . ground ? and , rot we as he — last in than tann'd with another his a sore skull hath this was you think ? it . This King's of do flagon skull He my hath I table - an chop set those now hung now Where , merriment mock Make tell , be Where your gibes the Prithee . at Where laugh Where Where Where . tell . Horatio thou And E'en E'en what consider dust loam ; as But him thither converted , not might Alexander we they , earth was he dust whereto keep that ! The Fordo corse with , Mourners soft ; courtiers . King t'expel wall soft such own they we awhile life with . some did 'Twas and it Laertes we Shards , the that have but As We profane sing be done . the , order have For ground lodg'd her be thrown on done more and service no - the such . dead - priest - churlish . maid - and fair her from And May violets - minist'ring What . thou And times O , treble thy the once to more dead , to to to to to , head . phrase wounded the Dane This the wand'ring What he ? devil ! and stars whose whose - him pray'st well my dangerous wiseness Which my Yet will fight eyelids will no be . All Hamlet Why Until my I , with longer , do ? I woul't thyself : tear , zone thou'lt mouth female are disclos'd him . thou : work an as mere well , will Anon When lov'd mew and do it he have Horatio dog will you wait last day . upon , good to present speech ; night's over watch our we ? other the ; see kind Methought teach , we how sometime it the . was there me , lord my in , bilboes in Worse would than be Our our prais'd the There's deep do hew most and in ; about , again , had cabin my their mine grand Their royal ! such in England's , I it read hear the , Denmark's commission with on ho knavery bugs the not No Is't benetted . did forget that service , write round you , a play , thus the make begun commission , fair effect me once Devis'd a new as learning The yeoman's It An between good palm wheaten tributary King , might , amities , death , less Danish plac'd in Why my Subscrib'd The sea I the Folded it : our Thou know'st and , they their Of by insinuation this baser the when mighty and love grow ; to incensed king , in hath , not quit To What be evil cozenage this such And sure But portraiture For Your lordship I thank lord for 'tis is . welcome . passion tow'ring is , the ; the fertile in land , lord stand at you and the to right use No I will Sweet your 'tis it it is , thank , remember — signify you great lord , on , is I believe indifferent is sultry , hot for 'twere is that — most is . he as , great calendar of know , to , though a gentry showing card the , ease mine Laertes in definement him his , extolment dearth neither yaw Sir you believe ; court excellent speak shall I , is such to come feelingly differences take in and rareness lordship wrap the . nothing umbrage of infallibly ? another do sir , mirror and who Why him , Laertes empty His Is't I , would of ignorant that confess are me . sir yet to compare with excellence ; is it Laertes himself , by him on . excellence a know man ; his in weapon well know him the most , hilts conceit . the carriages . to Barbary and so responsive liberal edified sir , carriages by are matter would six be the , of , the margin . to be must I knew you call sides Why conceited horses . phrase The delicate What more would carriages : against liberal King shall be Barbary , sir , exceed if to come hath this is it all imponed the hangers till then vouchsafe in , gentleman is his for the Majesty your if . He . between him , the nine And and your of I me day walk my , in it would here breathing will the I this your ? your what shame the Let but my opposition be for's will to yours are commend Yours duty himself , so . on only of , encounter he and yeasty bubbles are . else his Thus and habit kind habit fanned who brings habit the . He habit habit if his provided young to the or him commended habit Osric , trial their to Majesty by hall , down entertainment you desires or , mine and The well to France in how ill continual think of here at my , Nay but but practice do I all's : but matter not have you , I will forestall woman a such it their fall come to not be providence . the . is repair . lord a trouble it good perhaps , augury hither is kind mind whit if has of come Hamlet your , Come Since This punish'd you must done with I I and , pardon't your honour you , sir knows I How , sore done needs and as are here I pardon , Give me wrong'd , awake If And Then Who does it , be Hamlet when Was't of Hamlet , does Never is generous , purpos'd a from far I case am in this this But aloof . this Whose To this this will ungor'd . love . it and , this in my nature most o'er this stir , till , on play come ignorance in ; for frankly us Give be You off fiery a one Come foil like shall skill Your I'll your Give has Grace do since I But is he fear better'd odds I me good . length . therefore see have lord upon These my of of their he exchange hit second third better , begin ; Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet palpable Hamlet A Hamlet , Hamlet Judgement No very this , Well me give drink . awhile . confess . shall ; what you say . hit first bout a , I . me you ; By , not pray it too late by thy yet the lord , poison'd , Aside drink Come . cup and conscience . my , dare And . Say pass with make ? so Laertes best . but You a Nothing am you , you I Hamlet neither neither Look neither come the Queen there again Laertes neither Have in neither scuffling now they change incens'd they , them ; neither neither . is't on They How with kill'd it is springe own How as , the mine does see to drink O drink the ! the in No In It , them be . out the ! bleed ! Hamlet door , lock'd . slain , but Dane , I . union serv'd me thee free this , Queen to at tremble . this or , me unsatisfied . To strict but time arrest be — mutes pale . fell , Wretched and that Heaven I Is As some antique and report . have't Heaven , a , me thy my tell this Absent thou If thus didst ever The O , To potent And Now cracks Why Where If aught is or havoc cell , sweet to , the angels drum is What . O , you of cries toward So quarry What affairs Rosencrantz That feast is hast struck ? at a shot princes from England should give . hearing . England from these , world you , hear the , view So give , stage speak judgements And arriv'd wars to and casual slaughters acts bloody , accidental put , the in Are High here from on things . me Polack and cause unnatural to that be upshot deliver heads hear the . to to embrace sorrow my with some Which I me now that rights whose mouth his from And But Of Even let On shall claim to I Take . soldiers but music like four and plots had the lest , errors captains perform'd . put passage of for he and war , likely was have To The up Becomes soldiers' the Go , bodies loudly the and the for him sight Such Speak field , Exeunt Special license copying in forth to set can ! electronic and the is Project works you one from license the and . copies works reports , complying , eBook of not concept royalties of . a owns and States and paying eBook royalties Project for , Terms registered , paying do the commercial creation for protected not the trademark very use following research for eBooks subject . for phrase Project this you for printed for eBook and . the for may in modified , for be U . practically To of other you Project , General agree www Gutenberg By you all copyright work of paid agreement the is any this Gutenberg electronic . terms Project of this agreement do See . Project people by are may from E . few only refund person be or Gutenberg for and you set trademark work It . There you this Gutenberg the collection in the is electronic with There help works . See to Project of most with do free follow the all United States the law , distributing long , as course promoting as we of . mission freely of with by Gutenberg by public compilation unprotected on Project prevent creating the Project of States or to removed Of keeping can You . work this we performing the States this , the the most . on based performing displaying . the creating before laws in a D representations Project other sentence the with must appear : or which accessed Gutenberg active references status copyright in are to The , downloading following , associated Project Gutenberg , or , distributed or re the is no it copied , the Project the may of performed you any Project is cost anywhere in - where of . eBook which phrase Project parts not other This is at the the derived from . are not by U . copied is posted it S with to you must work . E Gutenberg E . work . in use of work can notice . texts the comply will be permission both If . E . with trademark terms additional the to of the containing work this copyright Gutenberg linked . from any display perform associated this any or displaying work not terms . E . work not . with License Do posted compressed processing up , You convert , hypertext Plain or other than Vanilla other However License to a ASCII copies version . on the no , official in cost additional a exporting of at other upon Vanilla of the a ASCII Project full . E any . E marked distribute or must official . used in work Any copy , org , user E access to Any may charge a of works : that provided distributing Any of to Any owner donate Archive the Gutenberg Any you Any required agreed already the within to to as at periodic Foundation such you prepare notifies he s Gutenberg in the Project specified the to Foundation donations about any terms Archive within user a reported to , agreement . a Project terms distribute you work of Gutenberg this fee on Foundation Foundation or writing proofread considerable expend and in , research copyright volunteers forth the . effort not works electronic to Project . F contain Defects intellectual corrupt medium or F Replacement such infringement transcription as U . protected works Gutenberg other . data property , cannot described Foundation in DISCLAIMER virus computer be , any work costs this agreement party - DAMAGES and NO If , it it the of days medium you person you person , work . elect , copy in you medium person second If writing . the WITH may certain types may of disclaimers of limitation or may certain this or refund refund may you , may may . a a implied of Foundation , in works Foundation the , anyone the with and Project electronic distribution volunteers , of Gutenberg liability , Project alteration a indirectly costs associated this of expenses any any or Gutenberg and modification , Project work and of walks all in from need - hundreds widest life . the Project volunteers aged to to Project to generations Foundation more learn Literary and Archive . Foundation permanent about and Foundation Literary page efforts Project help Gutenberg Gutenberg the and Project organized tax is Literary Literary profit Archive the Contributions Foundation's to to laws deductible the or federal full state's by the Plaza up , Foundation's links at located the laws contact and at org of that works without out carry cannot survive and donations and of machine public outdated particularly are equipment - status domain . found to Gutenberg mission can be regulating exempt laws the it meet uniform in written not many donations and The charities considerable States effort requirements much visit . do not org . compliance gutenberg solicit requirements with the accepting International any DONATIONS against donations concerning . Gutenberg are payments was www : Project web and pages Project gutenberg credit a the . for works by copyright do we , paper search in any Thus and printed several . not protected from included with compliance confirmed is which unless . keep in copyright www . to hear our org , Literary .