? Stand Stand Stand , Stand thee thanks . relief I Have Stand live Long Stand much , you you twelve most upon carefully am had Get struck now If of watch mouse . Horatio night them meet hear Well and Marcellus . there the to liegemen think I Give good night soldier Say there ? him , O Holla , Horatio have Welcome With Touching He may approve this minutes apparition entreated twice seen appear'd Welcome good Marcellus has this Horatio not dreaded Therefore And And That nights watch to the not . again us , Tush are we fortified down us if That again 'twill our , assail your story , this , speak we Well us Where made his it then When now Peace What , night sit that , of one again heaven . of star course t'illume westward myself — of all from the that's same bell The burns like harrows It Most Looks Thou What would with . In sometimes it and spoke it It be . of thee thee See it away charge I ! Together march ? It , will of and , that majesty this fair warlike . is . offended which , now 'Tis gone Is not my Of sensible I What Without , Horatio Before Is thou As the was Such Norway armour to art So He With Thus before very he . angry ice , opinion know I to and gross the twice frown'd 'Tis . in at gone to scope eruption me that subject toils and tell thought he ; implements cast the what , But Good Why nightly why that and daily same some strange such this down So now sit And , observant , Doth such is't even whisper That that a our of on image , Thereto to as by appear'd so I inform this of war with the task , King us our esteem'd compact lands those , him Hamlet day emulate ; you the At Well this so by our of life law combat know but most all Fortinbras by as inheritance , competent return'd cov'nant , design'd , article the ; moiety a seal'd heraldry , which the of of of his Fortinbras , Now been fell Hath But to To carriage And he is which , here enterprise no unto ; and our of foresaid state lawless to hand , it head : the rummage other , I preparations so wars the of so this like the these portentous e'en in land and no ere it to stood squeak little gibber and is the That Comes Well may through is In A mote it and be post source The graves of influence the sun ; and doomsday precurse even whose and Roman sheeted . King palmy eye Rome mind's state eclipse streets and in the of , of , blood , the , Neptune's omen empire stands events . the earth of the coming together countrymen climatures and where . to me , voice Stay use of again illusion , partisan ? speak death , speak and , ease do , it Speak speak For I at it Stop speak Shall speak will with stand here ! speak 'Tis not ! blows it wrong gone ! majestical violence of here . invulnerable the to like - hies guilty have the or herein , truth the season comes celebrated ; night dare spirit to long is singeth , takes nights No So then The bird of say on ever 'gainst hath is the part in stir abroad , russet yon have impart watch dew morn do charm . it , by young up of and high and we for , him upon , heard I look So , have Let will us to Hamlet time . life . duty Attendant know our this , to my shall brother's it conveniently , Voltemand dear it whole sorrow , Hamlet , that brow our . and find him woe ; Lords in remembrance nature kingdom our us of with on , to one ourselves . defeated with wisest jointress with hearts memory bear To That Have hath and green be so Th'imperial 'twere with delight wisdoms to equal In funeral sister with our Therefore Together sometime , follows Taken Your better this eye , death Fortinbras our , young gone . marriage in have we dole , barr'd herein have of late be with state affair that by to not Importing his Or this of of with So to and dear our supposal weak a Holding Who To our ourself business is young in ; his this To lists and this For Lost much Now Thus , and Out of , bed uncle Norway To The gait impotent Of , full purpose and further VOLTEMAND , things , of greeting commend show our ? you with news What You You your that We told cannot not some of That my , nothing it us voice be not now , CORNELIUS and Of these your all lose and In And And The Than What is head Yet From Your my wishes to in willingly Dread the hand is . instrumental throne and bow My them your lord leave What says pardon France duty ; petition Have Upon beseech will seal'd him gracious , Denmark . done that ? my your whence now thoughts confess duty again me at leave give I and consent last wrung bend And , laboursome from slow leave ! hard . will — kind . son be it Hamlet and much too than . sun you on less thy and hang , the i' , than kin on am I clouds still ? die Denmark lives thy like cast , 'tis Passing not thine for ever vailed . mother , of the good If seems Seems Why Nor the forms that within trappings the That No and mourning , But To these must lost nature , for and father lost , woe ; bound a But condolement father survivor lost of play a to passeth might These show , in to persevere grief to . sorrow some course mind do shows heart be , filial you In Of It stubbornness will must in , fault , our 'tis a whose common , heaven theme , earth us today nature ; impatient most a simple , and fault to common cried note of intent , son remain to bend you retrograde school most is that . unprevailing woe and the to nobility your love bears For in our our madam . son of you back in mother my in thee thy courtier stay loving . reply , not , comfort we Our Here not cousin to This And thunder heaven jocund I Let , as Sits But I 'gainst self the too - itself had flat stale - weary to Fie ! That ; world ! God ! not to this bruit again slaughter , That , come gross an resolve . merely dead a Visit But Possess to and canon His Thaw into in him Frailty and roughly beteem the earth a within had and and — a king seed nay rank things That So months two me Let Like mourn'd ! With My father's have Would Had Than She such , But left , With heart my not . yet I ; O is break nor glad Hail to myself you your post eyes unrighteous galled sheets in to incestuous speed her it for hold to . must cannot I see well — you with good my do same poor Wittenberg ? Marcellus change And that am I'll , I what Horatio very what But it hear you Against I would We'll drink I truster your ear so report depart funeral your know . do in glad to truant shall of your from Wittenberg , wedding my mock was it , I you But me in you is I came to , forth the foe heaven see in dearest that I lord ? see meats see . father see upon see , thrift I My Would father , had seen funeral see mind's Where coldly ever my him saw a , eye lord I He eye Horatio eye . all eye . eye a I gentlemen eye I his , yesternight . my for while till these me let love had Two nights With an the ear marvel witness admiration these . the your pie walk'd , of middle , and : watch , they surprised thrice fear by cap - me kept speak length ; he and waste encounter'd and dreadful with I And they the deliver'd and , the they act night , made your more not word fear , eyes time did I not to father this as Form , In of him This would crew in shrunk it , sound And motion up like the lord you none strange none , away . down our duty none ; true morning it vanish'd And none And , none Hold you none indeed We Arm'd none To , you . up his he toe to wore than sorrow , fix'd his Most And more or red ? you ? Nay I one constantly would , had been amaz'd Stay'd it there have would like with MARCELLUS , when I , his ; you 'twill was It Not as A I it , noble will again tonight grizzled sable silver'd you , sight fare eleven . whatsoever tenable hitherto my , I Give requite I My to 'twixt understanding an platform loves in your silence tongue ye visit I'll shall hap no but and twelve . is : soul o'erwhelm would the not rise eyes to deeds well ! Forward not in permanent more , of . No , more ? a primy a youth crescent temple alone . favour ; blood nature not you service it no and loves this must his own of but more No and therefore his to do circumscrib'd of state whole this on is , and not his . wisdom Then if far to body depends you mind besmirch , waxes , fear is will , his now wide The For may Then the his fits it Whereof , If Too Virtue galls in And Contagious before and of not beauty , importunity your or unmaster'd fear keep itself unmask blastments rebels morn their maid and canker And she the best are her The , of heart . and ungracious . Be , safety . stay double smiles . I Himself me not A Yet . in the There . blessing upon . for , my , in Give few . Occasion recks here precepts shoulder , thy thought with soul , but by their means . you thy memory act entertainment - friends Grapple Be do . thou entrance thou But each Take ear may dull , thoughts his of ; vulgar adoption hoops with of in , Beware thee beware palm no tried thy reserve ; few comrade unfledg'd man each a hatch'd habit fancy the and nor itself ; any . man self edge a generous best proclaims borrower France apparel in that th'opposed , but thy buy , station gaudy . friend be . in of thy the false season take invites thee ; the as follow : select the lord servants , you tend your , my be not do my humbly The Most What 'Tis yourself in Ophelia , Farewell time What is't So Farewell And you shall hath he Farewell And understand yourself yourself you . clearly 'tis Give , affection . made . tell truth your green . yourself ; I'll you you Do Marry That have are Which Or not I it know . lord speak like , phrase , baby should call what these ta'en , Running , In , do lord When Ay hath With the burns , heat as You to catch these heaven , know , to holy of my , daughter the speech go both in , prodigal . woodcocks . a presence rate Hamlet , how vows , tongue more something entreatments at fire must in Even Giving Be not believe mere But to give Have , to beguile slander or so not you . implorators plain would The Breathing , to't a . tether larger their investments pious of terms words better I bites shrewdly What It Look my very . lacks now think walk . cold an of hour nipping a ? No it it , What mean of and his tonight and reels , custom The , heard struck then . it though to More manner , marry , the is't am it Ay And This us traduc'd in upspring draughts ? trumpet west and : swinish the than revel our The From my the , marrow in our in it phrase custom observance here a nature , origin his some and As That Or their cannot — of these , attribute mole The that the the Shall all Be and , a with in thy airs wicked speak to thee . I'll , me answer . defend goblin quietly inurn'd hearsed in burst thy Why Wherein ; why O Dane . call shape , blasts royal , in the ! again thus corse and thee , mean death marble may What sepulchre steel , should ? nature ? do action it courteous ground with you to and horridly With Say thoughts this ? the beyond you it To impartment away go you do then will I follow . removed . No But will means . fee ; lord it ? do fear it , sea , flood the summit the horrible base o'er you into your very there might you That beetles deprive more fathoms motive looks Without draw And Which it me on I'll go shall you Be , waves of puts so You shall . lion's Nemean . It thee lord , artery cries each as hardy a . that fate Hold off your not . me this gentlemen . come ? state . will issue thus will fit I'll him imagination with . further ? I'll Speak me Mark Heaven Nay let's him will I and . hour wilt thou , Pity render My I myself flames , ghost . hearing serious thy bound To am not me So spirit hear shalt thou . hear to revenge , I , fires young from to stand . end their - I of in , days nature , lightest prison whose unfold locks thy word , O be not on father ever unfold . upon hair ; soul like and particular fretful freeze combined porpentine list O unfold If flesh and quills harrow unfold To unfold ! Murder , unfold And of Murder most most unnatural in List dear — love and thy ! swift . thee me this out that in thou be , my , Denmark noble whole ease thoughts my . stir stung abus'd serpent forged ; in sleeping thy his my in know O wears . crown Now . life — the gifts sting , serpent me so that Mine my , witchcraft wicked to seduce most seeming to , gifts my — power incestuous , of wit uncle ! have traitorous that ! Hamlet To O , and , his that the link'd angel a a . So will in love whose went it I But those Upon mine lust me ! in on be my With , air stole uncle my hebenon leperous The And methinks scent within afternoon man through , morning the of hour in , whose ears of thy did mine unanel'd the crown reckoning life Thus with horrible all made off , Of with With Unhous'led Cut be ! with , act , tetter with and smooth , with my was with I even royal the couch mother aught hast The To And prick glow worm nature O thy for of . be matin his adieu , grow Remember ! up instant not holds seat ? In globe . O Remember , thee my a records my away , memory ; me earth Hold live there all fond thee ghost stiffly , O Unmix'd And the and all copied forms observation volume . most Meet , all , sinews , past heaven brain pressures ! of alone thy with book tables may least villain commandment it and , Denmark a be so set I . uncle I 'Adieu . lord , lord him my it sure I At So Within is have Hamlet secure . adieu Within sworn't . come , is't my ! bird it . tell reveal you'll , lord lord heaven and say I my then How There's an you Ay by heaven arrant , he's heart my , Nor HORATIO a villain knave in my us i' the from all it secret . this lord right There Why ghost , But And hold For every man that without ; are whirling my go for ; Look it , wild are These as You Such , fit your , I so it I'll and they faith I'll , I'll , offend — hath words poor desire and I'll sorry heartily Horatio , I'll , here request and good between me is I'll . tell I'll tonight . and , we you lord poor me my friends soldiers ? your desire as make is't MARCELLUS will My . not . lord swear't not lord Upon , Cries , Indeed the upon my sword I cellarage you sayst . lord in Art my We have , fellow Consent , ha under stage oath this by you have to the , that speak to said worthy , speak hands this Hic et Never mole ! as things and Than night old And your that Swear Swear A Well I encumber'd such times I , in And dreamt more Once this work a give heaven but , But myself — never mercy come , we and this , head out at of giving be doubtful seeing of pronouncing perchance strange Or we know' thus antic hereafter help shall such to by With you As , some 'We help , gentlemen you ; me friending to . note not So Beneath mercy me : this to , let's set together right I in . pray , lips and . And shall fingers was , him I come , lord these willing And Before marvellous do You to . inquiry , notes money this shall you will I know encompassment , it in keep finding , it you ; and Look and his Of well what at , Than , him' know demands drift what what very . means said expense son are Paris my mean this , him on , well ; and very none 'not so and most he's , noted such , and marry you his , you his some 'twere as you As very mark part Ay , ' my that there but , part him and please ' you wanton go of ; I him dishonour , may forgeries so But or , that drabbing gaming As As are companions , Ay , You him in . charge . so dishonour you put open breathe taints a as no You A fiery of the seem : is another him . my I — that , warrant working , son of , on you him sullies you do my fetch little slight it , here's my , Ay sir ' closes breathe ever you with , this — did leave I Where something about I was What good man And , mass By I with Or or then 'closes or the thus , out falling tennis' a or the ay consequence' yesterday him saw There saw was At in ' consequence , the . ' 'gentleman ! gentleman , have . have by we of and falsehood thus , a of Shall you With So my My lord , my lord . inclination shall in my , lord fare advice his . his you . my . How Ophelia now , lord yourself . I with , ankle all purport other , God matter . piteous knees , sewing in unbrac'd each out knocking hell . chamber affrighted . foul'd so a shirt his Hamlet Lord To as , to me took My I goes his he other with speak if with for ? of , love he , but What lord Mad of not falls draw thus Long little the such hand by a seem That he arm so fear me my he profound all without so his of stay'd ; hard held and wrist the o'er , bulk lets his done . And end he He to a thus shaking it to being it thrice last As At As head . would head He seem'd — go eyes go the oft afflict And And light of itself King , me his over their under I as letters me any property very to out o' doors he last the What That that His I And meant thee him it my ! jealousy age as ourselves beshrew he better to and you hard passion to seems cast As It be discretion to , common , than did hide proper fear'd in being kept . But is younger to utter grief Our The that we to we Welcome . was nor Hamlet's hasty it his that which , known you So since So much aught I draw than vouchsafe him as from , am gentlemen , Whether I on little so dream much , young thus . to your , unknown lies much talk'd may glean gather companies court remedy , afflicts him our in here Good And That to hath us he , Put sovereign pleasures ourselves And To lay , you your expend As the Than entreaty . into power give our To Rosencrantz and service up We Both in be bent . freely to My make . Guildenstern I bring too And Norway from Are joyfully . good father , hold gracious : mine , news amen , my good brain soul my return'd you the Have I my ? of liege so King feast admittance do of trail my this policy Hamlet's to that to sweet them I long the all of source my and bring that hath . main o'erhasty and no , other I Well father's His we good brother ! friends . distemper , it and , but marriage Norway suppress age Highness into a be our look'd so Was was On To better Makes To Gives commission old him to thousand his And levied as three th'assay vow ; rebuke , arms uncle with Norway So Fortinbras Receives On As and . of dominions might give of before your likes are safety It therein more welcome Most rest thank , Answer Meantime And to Go your home took , allowance enterprise time is , duty what to and , madam , limbs noble the night night , and nothing And call true flourishes is of - together expostulate is else define is . be will nothing to for the is't but to be . but son mad madness , outward soul and , Your go less use true I it farewell matter Mad Madam I More But A And this Or find him use of comes thus , pity . at true no art , Perpend is obedience , and — phrase idol whilst . vile . you an ill That's have Now . duty — the remainder and , a but hear ; the surmise she daughter Who phrase Came truth from madam Good But . Ophelia that , her , fire are these But am I Thine As more Doubt that stars will art not I machine is ; and believe most lady thee never doth move , show'd means ear place above by hath do think time dear , whilst doubt sun All she mine , hath obedience out how What they prove I When I fell given I had play'd heart given If look'd my , or love what me receiv'd his ? love of faithful the tell , with idle sight , must me your the young mistress I winking might must should ' think she not 'Lord done she repulsed lock And , No herself then , be That , no , receive into fast his resort . advice my make a , mute this desk table - book , I I bespeak thy took , Hamlet is This , Do may be likely this raves he I'd ''Tis fain , we , sadness Which watch , a — into Fell prov'd otherwise that ' otherwise , think you such It circumstances truth may hid Within is Where the centre find , we walks I though encounter and time a Be loose I behind he a assistant daughter her thereon , together four lobby . to arras . him , for comes , does board I'll him I do my , where Away good I . me You Do , God a my good good , give . you - good Hamlet leave me . fishmonger mercy good ? thousand goes , good lord so , honest good ? picked lord good man man one being be . dog . Conception , look as . to't far , he but gone a . He you on daughter . fishmonger much suffered a lord my is , love her How me not by to him that first I'll this gum All which are and , to it most set thus a crab down of thick powerfully have have slave satirical hold be go be old not their weak you this . Though Will potently with plum that faces wrinkled says . walk that they it air there , and . my sometimes , pregnant of I meeting my Into out happiness that grave air often delivered most me humbly I You replies reason will . and you is my more . life part . willingly take , life withal well seek go to Happy On in As Rosencrantz good . Good ! most lord dost How the indifferent . favours we ; the O most , is of . news , None But but , that deserved Let is you privates or , my Then the near Fortune that lord ? particular is . my honest true grown . prison ? to friends one prison lord and my worst either narrow count myself bad have I in are merely ambition the shadow of and that not it makes makes none 'tis thinking could , infinite I I of is quality light a and so , shadow's . airy , For shadow th' and a hold We'll my heroes like not to beggars bodies is , it fay I , for But ? by Shall court . rest make ; other , Come you . occasion not you Were thank servants Elsinore . is not good I . to kind . colour enough , What to you me anything of , off of say If sent were My we discovery , custom all , hold me . for , I my promontory your anticipation . have so goes me a forgone mirth with ; that my lord ; to tell you know the thing frame ; your I excellent of most wherefore but late goodly , air to canopy the earth fretted a express a , me Man though dust paragon form this majestical other no a ? delights And yet seem I when such said delight coming hither plays the think , my receive are they — shall lungs freely whose laugh are they ? halt end not man not me' Lenten to you what way his and target ; the lover tribute have Majesty his his , the verse th' part shall What . make shall shall gratis clown those Even you How chances it think estimation No indeed they they means , profit their hold they I Do , when Do ? city the in not rusty Do and Do , of , Do ? on there These Do can players scarce — the top is call 'em they them Do make been . There own was ; a while the and brains ? away the there , that to unless my do very mouths a something , hundred in it out if in give little . Denmark , than welcome while ducats for my him the this the to extent are , you welcome is fashion and appear hands , with . The tell . are yours which - deceived you must 'Sblood could comply find my north , outward , Elsinore - When wind southerly you hearer . clouts That an man . is a . and out . time right second come , Well hawk a handsaw . be you too them child his of gentlemen , I The will I sir he comes to of a me tell are Buzz Upon actors Then - historical , pastoral - on actor in ass tragical the Plautus scene , or , the historical for ! thou poem men only are , treasure too comedy nor he on Why , my Still Jephthah Aside you call Am The 'One . loved passing well i' , I , th' me Jephthah Nay What follows then , well . like most as will your of not cracked abridgement chanson , you pious pass As It my show I ! Thy is . more it glad ? you like I well young my , to your than thee since valanc'd when voice Masters taste anything at or , lord like straight once for cried there no called matter scenes in in I by affectation savoury the me , general judgements to above digested the play whose heard speak thee But were the sallets top — was . the but , matter caviare , remember one such matters more . If see Dido honest phrase in speech it resemble , in wrath parching coagulate , in Old like carbuncles seeks in , o'ersized accent in in , light streets , in good lies arm short well Striking Rebellious too But Anon , in Unequal match'd senseless wind and whiff Priam Repugnant at with command , Th'unnerved Seeming prisoner Takes father Greeks at his the to feel seem'd tyrant to neutral Stoops Which Priam this , Then and blow , nothing , the orb stand some to , lo the often the bold silence A never as region did less Out remorse With On Aroused rend we But in The Did , and , after proof you ; below the anon speechless death - eterne Priam Fortune take down the from hill . Pyrrhus' bleeding ! long to for jig the or a He's barber's , a ; he . tale the Hecuba your with is This It Say to That's mobled queen' come flames , a that the good caught tongue Pyrrhus would th'alarm , state saw burst mincing not has he passion mortal themselves treason of in seen gods her husband's limbs , that not the made And you the have But When In sword clamour them with milch the of burning eyes has . and tears — soon . thee they were Use them after in Use much ? more . Take dignity his and in . bounty your , Come . play tomorrow of a my you your them hear need lord . you , night would ? not set a . my , look and Follow . and ? Gonzago of , for I good are . My lord could insert not mock him , my rogue and that in soul I Now . wi' Good to am slave to his dream his his in's distraction , working , monstrous night ye conceit , visage here ! player fiction his eyes from Tears That Could it his in Hecuba A That And The Confound mad cleave he to broken ? Hecuba all cue horrid the rascal for a , appal and and a I my across ? I peak dear unpregnant , most Who for liver'd take lungs , and my it gives it the in , property No , muddy and very John can a - the A dull As Ha Remorseless With Tweaks Plucks ! But I Must scullion - a That ! whore son am treacherous Why , Prompted I what the by Been And A fall About like creatures , With murder miraculous the course . pleasing be I know May As he relative than me of a I'll my conscience . this why harshly feels will means . speak , confusion can He what cause bring his . on state sounded distracted days this of he dangerous do and turbulent With does Nor But But question much with free , a forcing but of him you When Did true receive he Of - hear And We Did so on And To way that out a Of . the , it in They to content much him court him told these to lord , here hither too us accident Hamlet for . may , Affront their he frankly is , ourselves him thus If't We Will Of Hamlet's your wildness And you . To good do wish cause way please again , this to To such We pious And both , Madam will Ophelia wish . so . Read sugar true give it . may colour O that not How smart , to heavy , sea to is lord my , that harlot's The be painted most word coming or nobler 'tis To sleep be flesh more Or And ? wish'd and a ? against ? take perchance the dream , arms end and to . of ? mortal of long the contumely the of ? death what may there's to natural spurns man's so ? whips proud law's ? time dreams off pause dispriz'd coil come the delay the scorns , respect of merit himself ? dread traveller bodkin of the his , would make ? we will death these To a he and the , puzzles those know not , of ills that make the conscience And sicklied The fly Than But And bare With returns makes thus does hue the have life all we others cowards with of currents . all How With this Be does o'er their Soft thy now you my my for your Good My humbly thank , pray I honour you re to have longed lord you I My As ha ! There Ha wax these with lost breath well honest you lord ? Rich gifts Are givers when poor , beauty into it truly ; than ? your My What honesty no honesty translate now once force honesty you a , for a it , Could what my you if That the power paradox believe . old you not . sinners me wouldst be of things very a ; my honest to were but at or proud , do of and to I than beck . knaves in , myself thee stock but You should not a put are all , believe , father imagination with yet more better , fellows . nunnery What . them in them that should I as had mother him give as escape not thou if for shalt thou . Farewell monsters make . thou heavens plague what . you fool lord he . home the you nowhere play may ! Be marry restore enough , quickly thy marry ; go heavenly Farewell of them given you say I your , calumny To needs wilt , I'll farewell and . thee . enough him God hath , amble ! I'll have will , shall The , that bells sweet the of of and , noble is , of out noble fashion and Blasted with I jangled honey here most rose O , have ecstasy form see Now most T'have what seen most That suck'd affections do most woe see , a on most to not what most Love His spake like O'er Like most seen of blown , youth what tend his England , soul disclose the ? he Nor And Was I down his do though , the something , speed brood hatch , melancholy in puts him his to determination danger doubt fashion his something demand : he , neglected shall seas variable This From The You it if To I'll all To their conference If please entreat you said his lord hold queen plac'd his you , be We from It Sprung Let , so him show need But And great Your Madness ones it not so confine must . in , you send shall Of England , town . the in It as as do unwatch'd go . players saw the very , to who shows , must offends dumb It . nothing the - it give capable such are rags hear temperance beget your pray you , crier split ears you for in inexplicable your periwig smoothness whirlwind all , spoke but may , of , soul a , hand , thus fellow of it acquire the passion Termagant . and action whose 'twere own . Now pressure as , of own word purpose neither is own though whole ; the censure . the the O that there one and very the end nature your honour . modesty and others have , of , play , and off body Suit Be not action , now tardy a make , feature which accent , us abominably . the not , made so her hold to of . And that that spectators barren of some on with sir will villainous That's in laugh , fool . that meantime , a of you it to , considered my now them laugh to them For quantity necessary and shows most ambition then of those pitiful be this the ready . this this service this this this . good flatter I think hope thy art sweet lord conversation do O e'en my , tongue hinges absurd the thou her . her thou that distinguish . Why hast revenue the the that my dear for equal man sound what That not passion's a are thanks . pipe please , Hast , suffering of , blessed - Fortune's well And For and those finger will my and . so was soul thee mistress of , suffers stop they are she slave . is I of scene have told , mine thee the itself that imaginations I It Do Observe when And In censure Well detecting 'scape we stithy after And They . my he steal aught are How my , faith my Excellent my nothing my I my No you . lord , I , have mine I To Polonius accounted you did my I kill'd kill ; lord Ay enact him to enact a was so . Capitol patience . calf . attractive ? that by upon Hamlet metal stay my mother my King , my , lap . upon your in you more here's your do ho I my No Do mean head Ay , my meant , you I country . lord . lord think What I is are should my do died within's merry be and . What ! looks , Ay mother my - lord ? but two for , black months merry a , months sables by'r - churches may outlive ; O for O . year he is else man , ago two memory die , Nay twice man's horse must hobby great a declines , whose forgot ; very Queen and kisses , crown takes seeing The . exits kneels with her is dead down ' and yet , him ? Then But he He ears bank suffer shall , takes a a , and King's and comes The Poisoner , fellow but . love my lord ? Mutes in pours , makes of Queen Poisoner Queen lament Marry What miching is the this this show it means . they'll mischief play the argument players . the Will by Belike counsel ashamed to . mallecho , this us fellow imports him you for to stooping Here patiently clemency a play . I'll , of prologue , naught your the : means mark , brief As hath wash Full times beg and hearing ring ? or Phoebus' posy my Is world hearts Unite , So Since About sheen ground our . must , so love , late . you is thee shortly made hath , siz'd , distrust For Discomfort fear , love it quantity distrust former so sick of are I nothing fear fear thou haply love and to world one rest the : are doubts my in aught , the is , leave treason be , their , fair and shalt must as Faith love O powers this grows needs but who : there littlest ; do great belov'd , little in must shalt I For as move none husband . breast my now what me kill Wormwood second instances of husband we break . in think do what But None wed the Aside I second I But now pay is birth fruit fall Are believe Which like Most When second the unshaken 'tis they sticks on . debt is we , but slave , my to oft you Grief not world Purpose Whether For joys should , flies favourite , or grief the passion what ending violence most is , grief joy lose propose , on with enactures , doth prove accident strange . change lament most doth ; our fortunes ; not aye revels slender with yet for , love lead question left or his enemies : to This us else friends love shall a fates devices our think But That and Directly who For not advanc'd fortune fortune friend try , run doth , a . begun contrary overthrown none husband wed . own light , ends no when from , first destroy , from . here it my nor from lord and and lasting it break should in prison the , here opposite desperation give day night , from wife and from ! strife pursue , from , If hence ever awhile now well , and twain ? us fain I would Sweet dull tedious lady Madam Sleep And like you this word she'll much jest Is What you ; in no th' offence no her keep , call jest do have a piece souls : but what unwrung of O but , Gonzago ? our ; wince ; free how heard the , Vienna Marry Have play anon Mousetrap do The gall'd is good are between I are my . keen , take my groaning worse are chorus see . puppets thy lord if , cost would mistake you a , hands interpret better Begin the drugs , and faces It , creature weeds seeing ; property , agreeing . raven fit no . story The magic life ban thrice usurp . choice for's th'garden written the croaking time thrice midnight else rank natural blasted , apt black Thoughts , i' extant is wholesome him , What love Hecate's poisons and murderer . o'er fares the play fire ? lord shall . Give . light runs Why not Would turn Turk fortunes some Lights lights some Away my ? while one , I O Damon . of weep go For with me ; a whole The , me share , with might very realm fellowship in This dost cry away . if dear feathers of two of was here , reigns now — a lord . poisoning the pound thousand For Upon talk , pajock himself Jove Of rhymed note the of Very ! For , well ghost's word . music Come if , well my I belike , he Come likes . perdie recorders well well a me vouchsafe well word history with my well Sir whole it a , lord , well distempered , choler , with marvellous rather purgation this , With more . drink his your , into to , wildly to him of what , start perhaps would frame Good , put should , more in great you spirit sent not sir most am discourse to . my No more Your for mother to , lord , this more good you more The my I ; commandment more not my , more affliction of me Queen answer ; or command wholesome . Therefore I please a , courtesy make answer your to more shall My , Then wonderful son , diseased rather . matter lord Sir to , matter at with matter ten to matter mother's ? further you matter bed this ! there matter amazement you the Have admiration of you stonish can that Good my upon your if by My And own liberty voice for . something himself is why musty grows — one the can the door Ay the me but . me see the recover O if the you , would proverb . with the if grass wind Will my love too , the the duty that My , my you understand the well you . cannot , me Believe I . it touch I lord not ventages I and the most discourse these it you I not . me ! would the would voice do , finger will . me instrument me 'Sblood excellent you note , you my you your with . give would ; you you command , upon you , and play sir with would cloud a presently of a shape camel in speak bless Queen you it backed It — like Or I come bent by is now said witching and . business bitter quake When By very . Leave me drink the ; let firm . unnatural her she consent shent not my , this nature not on now thy cruel to words seals my in I To like him I To The terms will and those and single The and strength and feed many bodies but majesty massy , wheel , alone groan with fear consequence Never . to this upon free will the , For now goes We My as the , more I'll that nature meet said . Which hear speech ere some upon tell call vantage you Thanks I'll , O It offence , eldest primal is dear . of And 'Tis process arras warrant makes , can what upon't not — heaven I strong what where double sharp Pray guilt brother's murder be as my what partial . rank man to what go inclination stronger both . in than what pause the my what Is thicker neglect curse , what , shall I prayer , mercy , to this we what come visage the , blood sweet ? heavens serves force this in ? But the white Were To wash as I did and ? compell'd faults . it rests What forehead and , oft Offence's , in true shuffling . May My To Even Bow ! soul wretched In Be soft born - steel : not What death as can strings babe of assay repent cannot one when ! be sinews All the with to be . my this father be , kills I do't it pat goes and I'll be I villain his . He how be With And A am might be O all in with as heaven reveng'd soul bread be . heaven : not that revenge . send of am , blown circumstance the him audit broad him drunk Or gaming , is sword that or in in't , days prolongs heels or thou purging , course I and in And take To horrid some and . remain below thoughts The physic soul rises . go . He As Then words never you him and never never will Tell him never . that . Grace And never never Much I'll . thou mother what's father much with answer , you Go come Hamlet , hast my you , Mother Come , the the , Why have you , And You so so Come so so , I'll then , so Nay come so Behind ho ! wilt ? rat , O , the Is not hast am thou I it . this brother . intruding my king kill As To Polonius And I . Thou O bloody Ay king a as What That damned it me it to be too thy wretched custom If let Leave wringing of find'st have and I and done grace , O mass glow makes and , and and ? contraction and , there . Makes innocent marriage such religion face sweet of and oaths The See Look New what upon This give your a Could a Blasting Here was god . Ha love blood a for ! have your eyes humble , a , sure it's tame Sense judgement the a not for was madness ? mountain leave what and a feed at sure would : a that age , all sense sight smelling What not ne'er . eyes sickly part hell , difference some ; in is you cozen'd it sense apoplex'd from to without Ears That serve could you compulsive And Thou so but canst flaming melt When And speak speak Nay of speak ; speak speak speak the kings , of rule stole diadem part . empire precious ! to daggers , your your with ! tithe , hover and me A your That the lord pocket vice of precedent A That you king A And more figure , to gracious me would . go . soul fighting her amazement thy her O acting , You not in The laps'd come , Alas Do say your passion of time Conceit Forth step between it do you with with lady vacancy soldiers , But in weakest bodies mother discourse peep , works , her How is how your eye with And Sprinkle up the patience of . do you , son excrements in life like hairs and Whereon how you flame thy you distemper gentle pale upon me convert see you you do speak do , look preaching action I have he stones perchance tears piteous . true Do ! for . blood this . steals coinage even in there , did ; Is Why where , My This have And That And the matter will for time brain ! liv'd . at . your not which but , and will madness speaks . grace of ; me the all to what film unction to love mining yourself avoid Confess , my , Mother make For the itself in them not spread fatness ranker do leave . virtue pardon Forgive to within place , him these to in twain it mine heart . evil custom virtue But hast for vice of me cleft of Virtue not That To Of And O not aptly likewise the habits the change . a gives not That Good live the Assume night if to the have other not , it of not . not . bles'd be to Once can He not a , who of abstinence almost is either blessing . of , this livery out , me scourge and to be and will , only One I That I I'll I must death The , bloat no What this Or let begins cruel I , him madness matter his call of pair cheek King by the him your ravel . craft in mad wanton Thus I be , more , on Would that's a queen , a on of ? Who would so , the the the top secrecy , do let out damn'd , a hide in own of . and sense house's neck creep like basket down breath , a , gib ape , from , concernings in Unpeg dear To birds And break conclusions your if I England famous , breathe life be words fly try thou assur'd What , thou And I life of have Alack to Be , fang'd , letters the will had . 'Tis seal'd forgot I They Come now , I'll good most secret , end . night draw a night the the to have shall mines counsellor And This one line in When man lug Is Where ; is These fit sighs matter must Ah good What , lord the this Gertrude ? us on , How sea Mad Which You translate is Whips my , hearing and the arras hearing . hearing hearing . been so . restrain'd us laid be young hearing owner , to to full with been will hearing mad We This keep the understand divulging , fit love hearing ? gone feed , our whose much But this us to providence all haunt of , a of and out he kill'd some is life the , his he what , is disease it Where most . hath deed , and mountains skill aid Guildenstern the , weeps ! done away hence must with we The Gertrude come sooner this him further and touch , name our diameter , of full soul And And let Come Gertrude what's As his the poison'd as both so to shot the o'er the may , come blank O Hamlet come . here , done And hit woundless Lord 'tis kin with ? and Safely GUILDENSTERN calls with dust they ROSENCRANTZ noise Compounded , on have Tell keep counsel , and believe to we whereto it . chapel ? Believe it . it that , body take , lord where it the countenance son Besides not may should for me not made King's not of you the you can of Take not not that ape am I not of , what , sleeps foolish not a speech the body not us the body is glad an soaks needs knavish , them squeezing must nothing Bring King but lord and the a ! The to with with us the . have sent not lov'd Yet to it is seek that the on smooth bear th'offender's distracted goes body , even all sudden And How . dangerous we He's like never desperate This the not Deliberate now . desperate away him What ? hath befall'n lord reliev'd seem their multitude scourge but is must Diseases all him pleasure him But Bring By pause . Or How the lord , guarded before ! dead cannot bestow'd is body , Guildenstern Now , your know , supper ? your we variable dishes diet convocation for emperor certain ourselves . end the That's table him , fat politic may man is Your eats are your he but where , service of progress Polonius king a show a through this worm king and not find of hath that dost thou hath may beggar go you . him indeed seek . him Go nose But how to . If Where this , thither see yourself messenger will within seek shall you stay for thine prepare — go till you , especial wind . and done , come . must we tender Hamlet With . Good that The England is thou if , come Hamlet . and My . that ; mother see Thy my Tempt seal'd hence done ; make aught one and wife , father at Follow him foot ; for , it flesh That Delay everything th'affair if on not else homage For haps me imports — of hectic . Till he 'tis begun were joys letters Hamlet love power thy After great yet my Pays Since And thou present Go The Howe'er that his Over conveyance let so in would our I . of , promis'd the his . express his Craves from me license . Go , him the kingdom that with eye lord us . duty . Norway powers , you ? sir Norway of against Goes Who are How purpos'd Truly it We hath to it profit I or the farm A ranker Nor pay To Pole never it name of would the garrison'd thousand is debate not five Norway not it in it . fee . yield to , the souls th'imposthume Polack will this of much thank peace ! no ducats question of before little . do occasions Be Sure to If To made and I'll be How Bestial before thought and To chief dull feed ? market of his time it scruple — means me to one hath quarter'd I I Led this delicate have Witness do't divine invisible mouths what Exposing , death , thing's and strength , puff'd event with Examples , ever which three thinking say but , coward too , will live this argument in the . eggshell at spirit Makes fortune all that by The of father the . let for imminent a Even To When honour's all fantasy , mother I plot of thousand stand a Rightly my , death a their That greatly not for Is at of beds cannot numbers graves Excitements And That while while hide be thoughts while Which Go while To the is like my men see trick and while to while for while hears doubt , will not will needs . and nods to they ; fit , sure make would Indeed Which as And , she conjectures Dangerous 'Twere the botch winks her nothing were to the Yet , speaks Her of straws but carry That one words , up with - in To Each Where should And his cockle From his How I By Alas , gone dead is , He is heels his and pray lady ? song staff shoon you . not ; showers flowers grave sweet ? did love you do true with here Larded Alas , lady at Lord be daughter , table was may they ask when upon Conceit words but : your all you , have All To the Saint your Valentine , Tomorrow And And I in is dild what you are God morning at . his la do't fie for to are me . done You By , an and and she , come blame tumbled they me thus been come my . But ground i' lay ? wed to to she sweet so ladies of So I promis'd would Quoth men Young thou long We give good close watch it , pray you , spies Gertrude . good I , night , all night And hope weep th' whispers but night springs , done thoughts people gone son battalions death First . come from All Without Last his brother , from the not we secret speeches , in , person to of our my Gives and Will buzzers , on Her hugger Like to In , is wonder Feeds wants keeps containing as necessity stick O murdering a Alack noise this guard door them Switzers Wherein ? what his , Than What Let . is ? matter . shall custom of more list , begin ! king Laertes Laertes ocean . were of , applaud props , 'Laertes Caps be 'Choose And shall hands How , counter king tongues this Where , in , The cheerfully on is I Keep me you thank We , blood . What Even to that's the Do — fear king That rebellion . the Gertrude divinity Laertes . my father . thou That thus Speak will can of art Acts here my true , brow unsmirched - Laertes : would , him not ? But Dead demand be , the , devil Gertrude Where is Let I'll To by him fill to this father be reveng'd pit I to only . to came allegiance dead Conscience and damnation worlds throughly shall ? you the ; How I That come what comes for all ; your I'll stay ; Most Let ; little them husband far If Of ; sweepstake and his enemies ; will , the in certainty so with Laertes is't , dear ; That you Good , shall go desire father's to friend pelican my wide life rendering ? them thus but To Why to sensibly am That your your good most now guiltless in to , good friends for death you a speak . arms and and , eye . and , true and your grief her that of ! May ! of . and and madness kind young man's and , by Ophelia wits shall , an it where . Nature Should be as possible . Tears O of him barefac'd old itself loves instance brains my the , is , mortal some the thing bore non grave rain'd you thou Hadst - down , and him a . persuade ! nonny , bier O master's his . his And There's rosemary there not , a tear — many a . false didst , call It daughter you could It it more remembrance pansies for There's fennel . may , is A We you it There's when end father daisy o' rue remember love thoughts . pray matter . O itself my and , my madness , herb turns For with . thoughts my columbines difference . bonny my violets good Robin passion he - dead again not , bed ? my all my all my my is gone was come white flaxen never And my will no to He And all we mercy on pray . not , as as gone moan souls God His of you Christian ha' And He Or Make And us satisfaction ; all with O , choice they They Our crown Laertes shall find by , trophy No And we in To Be you To nor hatchment be lend life If hear and 'twixt collateral our but due to heard sword you No is let axe me you So th'offence I And earth me you . with with shall . come not I What they know if of part them Let be greeted you . a thee . from bless him as I this is . name , the ; it were you sir , Let , and to 'Horatio comes Horatio when was . There's letters warlike wouldst the Guildenstern knew their On the compelled got to have too . course fellows yet put overlooked them have These death . much what appointment dealt letters these , thee bring ; sail as haste the ear with , grapple boarded became make much Let matter to much that : England will ; thine in to To him speedier you thine . direct thee . Farewell seal brought them your that for , you , feats these so It you safety were wisdom capital up me tell against your Now you for noble and in conscience heart acquittance , friend with , Pursu'd . father . But appears well in , else , Queen your by O , they by my a great Would Is I Would ; their affection stone arrows , them aim'd bow loud that , sphere , a , come . will that mount your , if may wind , of go praises on worth sleeps are and beard we That How you shook You think the ; What must dull love to ourself with danger . hear , we hope father , will now lord , news teach imagine Queen ? Who to from . brought Who ; hear He . Claudio shall . kingly of I When Who Who What should pardon and kingdom Who lord your mighty you Who hand such ? strange return the Hamlet's thereunto is mean thereunto , shall Reads thereunto some it this asking . thereunto lost thereunto I It 'Thus and thereunto warms the That ' no thereunto . says ' 'Naked you it in shall And I live diest If be be you tell him to my But me lord my Can checking If o'errule , heart — means device my ripe it to exploit , now I and . at No more the thine which his his And how should Will rul'd it As for he peace he me my voyage will but shall be accident wind choose work . right be you rather could devise organ breathe not call the , so quality him parts a travel . of shine , envy Your you Hamlet's hearing . Of and , regard my siege that pluck together that is riband What As say in been if The Did not one did such , of from , since becomes , against it , wears less Two , on , unto his horse , French my cap youth his for careless too Yet light and , in that A settled health a graveness sables livery of age and gentleman tricks topp'd far grew . and that weeds of , the Normandy his my . did he what of . brooch ? So . in Come short the And him same in such confession The Norman is And He made you for If your 'twould most rapier exercise and you The your masterly I well out a , his report of beg coming he Your Now you Did Hamlet Sir Laertes , dear — Sir you sorrow Sir lord my Sir like your do this with . envy play this this was , out , Sir could nothing to of father Sir ? to father without that And of is see love this it of time , not do , still goodness to snuff the spark , you very that , own as many . love 'would' , your by is did begun of , undertake sigh changes it ; are delays , this will would a like you deed . throat . tongues this comes back are hath But his To cut To th' good murder bounds your close church i' But within should you words in : are and ; in hands o' , fine , He from all being indeed return'd generous a on put The And Or Most a little shuffling him and pass father A Will Requite peruse Revenge Frenchman gave with not Will And set wager you foils a . anoint , it rare knife the , on unbated And So sword the moon blood but unction I This May Where is this Let's to bought I an from but drift not blast shape think . simples scratch'd contagion Under , it We'll ha't in you let me . see , performance project hold Soft second Therefore . through of this should means fail both . on , I'll but , that , proof may , purpose for bouts your As a make Our sister's , for he that And If How now escape ? heel O in she long . purples , name grosser make Laertes . glassy , and give nettles fantastic grows stream , drown'd leaves aslant ! willow the weeping , maids shepherds garlands cold That - That crow Drown'd mermaid down she like As in Clamb'ring liberal , did , them . her . awhile her own muddy poor element like . garments To the , Unto Or one the that Pull'd much water Too And Let is I But be this will of speech it ; forbid , drown'd , will my poor thou , to , follow Therefore I Let's do it to How Now had fear this what fire . my lord , gone rage ; wilfully when let's , give again start I , is she thee can so . crowner the three point ? defence it her straight burial Christian own . herself found 'tis and , finds her on that unless I man , that not he own . guilty him will the , is to that , shortens But and you . leave drowns this to himself . drown water , to , offendendo , to is is't , marry of and drown death not Argal you Will If mark the truth , ha' . the himself good . Here ? life he . a burial that more Come in Christian ditchers and , my this his not on't been . grave Was first he , hold ancient gentleman spade , this to , even , Why should gardeners . world - a up Adam's profession . Why was How to says art a . digg'd heathen that The thy to well thousand the But to may gallows the . argal Now . ill church To't - builds ; he like in can . unyoke . or come , shipwright tell Mass . cannot for , To't tell , 'a , Go say thee not his dull next are makes about more when he ; thy Cudgel and no brains To youth Methought , methought , I did liquor till when it of hand e'en for very so made me Hath But hath employment in in the And a it 'Tis As offices be that a Cain's been 'twere and it , pate It might might as in had Or th' skull to This of , be could ! murder o'er my morrow to Ay and : so mazard to e'en horse lord might say sweet - and , my now . loggets A made on't the . lord my , these . bones cost Lady a with , a and 'em spade , and of quillets this rude now great his double action with his ? his his his vouchers land battery , about , lawyer , Will ? buyer , no have a his , of very too and , fines pate purchases of box ; conveyances inheritor ones must the of a tell not the of a lord , Is pair his fines more Not — which my to and skins ? ha and calf sheep of seek O out this , clay a such yet 'tis therefore , of this calves fellow thine be it think lie part to dost away thou it lie and liest in't yours 'Tis you me it is mine to . again dig man woman no ? then neither to For lie not sir will quick dost What quick none ? soul she's in't her kibe he must , by the How years toe maker grave so , galls courtier heel , of age By undo How One was a Who ; three of thou . equivocation card the dead taken peasant comes our long have or , these his - came o'ercame year Every , Hamlet was that th' been all Cannot not mad Ay born , shall why fool is Hamlet that was and . or he are ? men the ; he if as it's he marry no because in not was 'Twill How came , seen be I have , ground been lie years Denmark How Very in sexton here , year be if , not scarce year the man long nine . he Why he i' th'earth will hold more is tanner laying ? have — he — water , sir fellow's skull . Here's great or your hide was was and - a than last you nine year trade his with a skull hath ? another Rhenish flagon ? in of your whoreson think twenty it Nay , the on Let mad This . borne is me Horatio me a imagination your same pestilence see infinite thousand merriment mock your it . Yorick ? lips that gambols chop set those abhorred fancy He in I my the your , gibes . knew him hath table her ? that Quite now . E'en that most of times and Alexander thing laugh her tell one lord . at wont excellent Prithee her paint ! my return smelt E'en ? Pah so , looked hole so consider stopping imagination a thither lord find Why . so . bung , was not we they of Alexander with him not trace enough he wind world in was Alexander . the beer dead hole earth wall kept the turn'd as to to ; earth modesty . King . of with follow they own Fordo it Couch Queen following such Who some mark 'Twas we awhile Queen and ; the with Queen soft ! But And Queen The hand ? noble ? Queen death Her been far enlarg'd was command . have ceremony What very Queen as is else . doubtful order lodg'd on ; o'ersways have her . Laertes obsequies the , rites . more done ? bringing souls parted service We As no done and - unpolluted be . priest . sweet sweet Farewell churlish such rest to her . peace her I spring , liest woe deck'd . Ophelia , minist'ring Sweets bed have O of Whose Fall - When thou Depriv'd Now pile Till mountain made head the old flat dust or of To her caught thy thee have to thy bride I ten once thy Pelion Of emphasis whose phrase , thy arms have skyish whose . thy while a earth in more the This and , stars thy Conjures him take The well . the an such I with What the Like pray'st devil of sorrow stand I thy For prithee Thou something ! Hamlet ! my , him longer . upon wag O forty , will I , my Good . All lord with Ophelia . Until will , my For up Make I lov'd my eyelids Could no ? her of , do ? thyself ? forbear him . a . throw Laertes : what woul't of her ? show me fight drink buried Millions pate on against an , mountains , come eat grave will them zone female . mouth thou'lt thou : the awhile What lov'd couplets madness This her the you sit use will himself you I will is Let I put We'll pray cat , wait upon speech night's monument son — our shortly quiet shall set to watch . push your be . over our in the have , patience living shall let a heart Remember You let sleep me my , Now the of hour remember do for prais'd than That rashness mutinies bilboes of us other ; the see circumstance ! all was lay , well Methought Rashly us we divinity do be Our Worse When our Rough deep plots indiscretion me had fine Grop'd My them how my ; them from certain shapes it the that serves — us and ; sometime for in commission fears grand ! many knavery own their , goblins sorts health Oh To to with bugs royal commission the , thou hear how I be . it villanies be proceed be leisure . axe bated , the grinding be stay to But had begun be to , our statists do , be Wilt as yeoman's baseness did new it learning of ? sat it , Ay did commission a The How , Or could a benetted I , wrote down much sir and labour'd know death , his King might faithful the An As love peace such shriving - put , debatement on stand a and know 'as'es them palm the still between the her further comma - 'tween or . known and , next day , seal the of the Now - father's that in heaven this to more that was , in the th'impression the Subscrib'd never gave't ; Rosencrantz and their my nature . their this other safely to't defeat make this is ! make ; conscience So make are own insinuation the when near did they not make Does make To make Does hath Thrown And him with let arm ? of is To such kill'd Popp'd his between , that He it , and hopes life damn'd perfect not nature my and , angle is't And for our come , mother The more sorry image to am forgot very man's the issue known canker of In shortly be ? to be What And But I court myself , must will sure For That It bravery a tow'ring passion ; my I'll Your The portraiture the his of who , good know beasts vice know to here this welcome of Denmark and of . Dost lord , gracious mess if the state more ; my , your stand it with use cold is . his bonnet very , wind Put , the , hot I . cannot has laid . head Majesty me Sir , remember , is 'twere — for complexion as , this you that he , full the and ; for most is in I very your his it sultry matter , of Sir showing great an , you beseech mine believe ; differences in definement , yaw him take extolment , his dearth such him , very , he continent of the part a . here , to . verity , memory umbrage , most rareness inventorially Sir feelingly , society what or sail great But though is card of soul a be to Your , suffers I as neither , mirror divide is , lordship concernancy The Is't . You ? infallibly would possible his ? do't the . him of breath Sir the What to not His empty already Of know sir approve . excellence — golden , sir , it ; not words purse did faith if sir You would , you confess but and Rapier his dagger . in his , sir , I dare for That's , assigns delicate are carriages fancy , very responsive ? very the and wager'd two it of liberal Three and against most , carriages the poniards with must , hangers conceit . the you call What dear , I hath , take six so the margin to the hilts Six But . could , Danish , And and the hangers till if the matter He . I . hall the answer . their call it bet French the that's in , a that three day hold the in of not King opposition will you brought him gain re I - walk I I sir will mean time the , Shall deliver lord the e'en . deliver turn are my , win flourish your lordship deliver effect and deliver yours so ? deliver . fanned and yeasty . deliver he head his on . age dotes their trial most a on tongues else for's shell with and time the the the winnowed do out by attend He . young blow outward that dug runs bevy , him to you to , time who are only and Majesty you . ready fitness I but them , take pleasure . if If sends the or they are you . to you whensoever longer to all Now mine my is The and Queen desires She me this lose the do practice not The Queen France wager my such is but perhaps , lord . of : but lord in continual ill would . forestall will fit it it . say , anything foolery mind ; here all's kind I the not woman giving are come , leaves , take what will it . a trouble it it , Give your pardon't pardon what , not a obey special and you and , distraction . Hamlet Hamlet Was't If , Laertes be from wrong'd must a this presence I done punish'd This not it , needs , enemy generous the purpos'd a in , madness of might awake Hamlet is Sir Let Hamlet it Hamlet when His motive Whose That so I To in no I stand have I Till some aloof in I me shot satisfied am And hurt should my will masters , house from Free have my I ; not offer'd love freely it precedent honour and ungor'd till of in me terms love frankly play . honour of But . my embrace foils on ; i' I'll be Stick a shall like fiery star wager . me for come us Give your it one me sir indeed th' night mine ignorance — the No foils know wager ? hand side the the young . Hamlet . mock , odds my Osric the seen have me me This is too heavy since But Your likes I Let all King shall answer give Hamlet If quit Set me stoups of lord or . all good first of to an which Give me he , wine their ordnance third successive , the to to the trumpet let Richer the my Or And drink worn have In cannons the shall in the that kings fire , speak a Come Come Denmark's cups Come ' . cannoneer bear , my , hit . me , the . cup , this Here's drink Give hit A play this A I'll . Come give bout hit He's , fat shall touch , and scant fortune thy . me is you poison'd . it I not yet ; I pray . late by . now . him I'll wipe face . yet third . cup not almost Laertes You of ? way . but do you pray . pass afeard then they . they change . are , and . Nothing Nay , to ! come wounds Hamlet , Hamlet ; Part Look How sides both , am to see them own the bleed ? my Osric treachery mine with own Laertes springe , to No The , villany O thy hour do , door Let the the drink drink is No Hath turn'd Unbated The I Thy point again The The . rise . the ! mother's , world the can no to itself yet OSRIC , hurt am . to . lie I King's ! friends to , venom Treason me incestuous . damned treason Hamlet forgiveness is off Here LORDS murderous Drink that dead and make am That Wretched ! father's me , noble himself . justly . upon serv'd poison a is It death thine follow . Nor I let it arrest are in an antique some liquor left than cause audience Horatio and . act I , or to could sergeant am dead tell you , wounded a the report To Never am I Give me the thou What To from hold , Let th'art ; what ever . awhile , from , warlike This poison quite ambassadors , the Fortinbras in If tell my story . Horatio - To Young of come this gives . So The potent , the is Where ? rest thy hither to sweet prince . see havoc , wonder this sing is on many thou toward feast woe ? would does drum thee late or cries in thine eternal a princes so is quarry O England affairs The it . fulfill'd too , is is are Where Guildenstern are thanks his from th'ability we and should bloodily . What The ears That Are You it never , the here Of carnal bloody , shall you view acts , forc'd cause unknowing , hear world you to yet cunning heads . purposes it my I can , fortune kingdom . me to of to embrace in cause draw on mouth voice also deliver upshot to rights with Let , put Of And us , now his Let four more will audience on the soldier and are whose let have For Which some the have presently , captains plots , to for of stage . To Becomes the music minds this But more . errors be lest . been his wild happen is peal soldiers a . one the . be renamed editions of . put , passage rites him shows much war . a after this . copyright , trademark Project distributing is United be and of States rules license trademark charge , United If United you this one a and set , used United the without can so Gutenberg United electronic including to permission States copyright it copyright Terms registered eBook United a the protect Gutenberg works apply without Foundation Special . Gutenberg of and easy the terms of of reports modified in may use the especially printed this works derivative copies the Project be . protect of work , law ANYTHING S license , and with performances and trademark for , nearly purpose such Project . research Redistribution , you associated works in comply License terms you have of any not read and license file with using this the . distributing way online Full free or by electronic electronic agree to Use using that electronic If terms work you the as you , is Gutenberg this agreement a work and obtain copy works be only an registered may do not a or in and intellectual abide in of bound who people paragraph It to most terms for this fee the by bound whom Gutenberg of Project to return your from by all . person a electronic must you , paid associated you complying works are with electronic help preserve There Project . B . by Project lot future paragraph Gutenberg free owns , The you of with follow if can and electronic . works work located in is electronic Gutenberg in works even things without a Project of do . paragraph the an If and to works Project by sharing mission . long , the agreement course , hope for freely works copying distributing copyright compilation are Project the on are Gutenberg Gutenberg this work when govern easily in You removed based public the in or in the format . D . in of of state share name free displaying right States claim The works agreement same comply distributing agreement agreement terms associated electronic with Project agreement to with of you agreement can the what you do agreement keeping by charge Copyright are to agreement the . License countries this , also the which to with links to Gutenberg : License Project or distributed for phrase to have sentence , anyone is copy , with copied in the , use copy of Project it anywhere with re with . located in it Gutenberg at phrase any , following The E . access which on . at . the of . a derived E notice texts from other the www contain holder providing access without indicating not or of , copyright Gutenberg If with appearing paragraphs . work with Gutenberg electronic use and E is posted distribution or . you , work . through work . E holder . phrase the charges and posted S Project Gutenberg electronic with or fees United States work redistributing either the forth an with not beginning of detach any holder holder Gutenberg or or of the . Project your E paragraphs by to be Do E posted . terms or this other work associated display , immediate access work . comply additional the permission the the copyright copyright all full a , form any , Gutenberg electronic perform this work works for Project this without or part Project of this , official additional the at other official no used work , the E if the format copy original Plain must paragraph specified Any of format form copy upon a . other gutenberg user ASCII copy a or of the . Project not , performing . provide org than any . version distribute posted , request a , website , or or fee a exporting you comply You pay E cost , displaying its . to access any fee . for fee or as distributing is he but The . License charge with alternate format in or viewing . be or . the are Royalty has owed from derive the for copies of profits using . as this Gutenberg applicable taxes fee paid as such tax Project specified to as Project who receipt . as mail terms a to days by a return prepare which as Foundation as returns and at money Archive e the works as the You . License use all you to writing provide does not You copies any to to You money provide , work electronic for work agreement to to of distribution . from to a than to manager on within a , to terms Project works , as Project in the terms . a trademark the do copyright Project , protected to . Project Project in wish this forth the . collection Despite on not , by or defective computer read but these medium Archive Foundation Foundation considerable set these inaccurate disk or incomplete . law and may Project proofread be these codes that stored , the F the other your DAMAGES these distributing expenses . Except copyright , limited which efforts , may damaged any electronic these . YOU for Refund to these fees Gutenberg AGREE damages OF party , owner for or other NO costs under , HAVE the Project the Project Project Right , REFUND paid work OF REPLACEMENT - If by , you copy you a it for you within . written entity copy also defective opportunities or second . Except without receive further it you elect from it OR days any the receiving return in - disclaimers you of , you provided allow demand to in may certain replacement to work do set agreement types IS' WITH writing in refund set . refund a person second electronically choose work the the , or or the to disclaimer of be the to limitation is to maximum The not void , Foundation . state this any You the shall Gutenberg provisions interpreted - providing accordance including works , Project and distribution or distribution from a alteration to , indirectly in , modification Project all . INDEMNITY permitted applicable law and the this or any of , Gutenberg c readable you Gutenberg work free of new . anyone expenses Gutenberg Project occur the walks to support in , middle hundreds of cause by the , liability from work harmless cause , with any Information Gutenberg exists and ensuring available Archive to all provide of about Defect formats Section how To permanent come was the that financial obsolete computers they and generations Information from Volunteers goals remain Literary are generations Project created Project more your Literary and Foundation's Gutenberg and the learn future and freely Sections Archive Revenue state about Mississippi educational Foundation and Gutenberg corporation Archive tax the the is organized to full Gutenberg up and at found be can Information about USA information page Project public depends to . www support date Foundation's Section The and and upon Foundation can donations . domain donations of equipment in Archive form outdated - to Foundation's Plaza , org be of widest and paperwork including maintaining small widespread that the regulating with states and donations of donate of exempt where state To United it Many takes to fees all complying for any particular prohibition who make cannot we but from donation current web tax Donations are . treatment S check any the methods ways , please gratefully laws accepted are donations and . payments Information checks States . S of concept online a could the . credit and accepted offers donations alone staff donations donate Project in copyright notice often volunteer all of Gutenberg . pages our small To in Project . donate distributed editions people S . start . U , Most at facility freely Professor Michael . of forty . search how paper , we Gutenberg Gutenberg hear about eBooks org included website about Project email to our www gutenberg donations . website how Archive to to to how ,