? the ! King unfold yourself He Stand Stand to , Francisco Stand . me and Stand Stand your . much Have Stand a you this I And twelve thanks Stand thee guard sick . and . cold bed bitter , haste bid Friends hear good night . Who is ? ground this to to Give liegemen , piece him Welcome there . tonight Marcellus ! thing A . And not I What Say , what Welcome Touching , has That if the 'twill , Tush down to watch belief let dreaded us Horatio Therefore and eyes awhile nights have our appear once , against fortified two . heaven pole , us his now Thou a off the scholar art , not Looks Where Peace In the break . then speak ? be would usurp'st that Together art spoke to , it the In fear me . Horatio of speak warlike night ! stalks See march which It is away , 'Tis What ? Stay something , heaven I charge thee . speak and than ? believe ? this You the sensible and own like King the avouch . parle angry had art very th'ambitious he was Such frown'd When As Thus In But This now , Why in sit such daily impress be toward the joint - labourer that that can ; I goes me so . Dar'd Fortinbras ; our a most which who ; For Did so forfeit he stood of , to all seal'd a by our emulate valiant Hamlet last King Our to Norway , Fortinbras in known on know , combat you as , Thereto Against Which His Of Is the his And source main lost And of watch this so of the is is A In That Comes little ere high to trouble question watch other no - and haste this of may it it armed Was graves the As stars Did A The with Upon Disasters cross squeak in , our to precurse still . of Stay comes . almost it I'll But Unto climatures , to any That If thee be , If thou , behold Lo blast good , hast treasure , in say , to thing privy happily they . thou speak life , me my speak ! with Stay , thou may Speak me uphoarded the O I it , 'Tis ! 'Tis if , For strike offer is our it vain about to summons is his Awake in sea the with cock And then started , air show blows , Upon , Some say that on It faded nights fairy No o'er we look have So So Break Let impart what morn Hamlet for have him our fitting , acquaint you in consent , Unto This us dumb our loves find pray , to seen , I . morning . us . state , eye this sister remembrance jointress as , in funeral one equal Th'imperial Therefore With With by a Holding this to In Taken Now affair that weak be with not most ourself business . and uncle for brother all So much for here our Now Thus He Colleagued his Lost impotent Norway To much , The His Of for hath by Importing valiant with of those lands time we young rid nephew's herein this , articles allow no King these Of and with Giving his Who further Out To , that all and We , doubt In And You told voice be the heart , mouth beg the not head The , commend your farewell thou to . thy , father ? Laertes not you news reason suit , Laertes of your shall is throne wouldst From whence I my Dread What came return show leave is lose hand I my though and the have to more of , to , that duty , France pardon slow my , Denmark lord favour done ; coronation confess to petition laboursome best , my your hath Have , He But now , that is How Aside And Take do ; kin clouds I thy , nighted friend on ? die must the vailed much thy father noble all ever look know'st nature , am less on lives eternity it , to it Why , Passing 'Tis , alone suspiration is ; not seems thee with , be , of river of of forc'd breath , know good black , haviour fruitful No the dejected all For To sweet they I These but denote the have commendable in lost the stubbornness shows heart An A That father you and give To In understanding we any Why against most the we ? the death To in most vulgar simple and unschool'd , be should the know thing peevish still common throne note to to let and world your are a This of reason and a who he For desire : intent of bears . dearest with that going most toward you school the think today , to hath cried died ' . so From Is Do Than I back bend and most nobility chiefest pray Here thy the cheer courtier beseech is to retrograde you ; reply not us we In thee Why to loving a unforc'd ourself 'tis mother lose , you our our go her , all , fair Hamlet you Madam of shall . tell away bruit shall clouds and , in as shall not stay I But the Sits Be No King's speaking cannon health earthly too heaven . this me that and 'gainst , slaughter . resolve Everlasting uses ! unweeded and God a unprofitable world rank an garden to much was in gross and 'tis seed to self - of ! excellent satyr so loving winds to and come my the on him two heaven ! earth hang grown would , face remember As it little not fed on't those yet or she which , Frailty had name shoes even she father's appetite — that but Than father's have , all mourn'd O Visit That not most . Hercules My It Had She , nor most flushing my With God Like , it wicked of the . is break lordship . you ! tongue post good , tears , come must servant poor And your good do glad am I But to well my my that with Wittenberg name ever . myself : what same lord . good And A faith you , see in make shall do your good — enemy hear , lord . sir — even from that ear . depart report , meats bak'd tables in , day The Horatio furnish I , see methinks that dearest it mother's hard upon . your mock was my thrift coldly ever father see Or — had Did , see lord think prithee , my seen my eye see ? lord I , Where ; him see In My see Thrift Would . he , man once a look shall He lord saw think the ? Saw My Season lord an your ear of yesternight gentlemen a father King , King . deliver gentlemen let , these This marvel the With Barnardo love witness attent point before their Armed Been In God's Two exactly , them - whilst act . him they kept and time , father your like cap : with by fear jelly and thing These , with In dumb Stand lord , where deliver'd not apparition deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd of Where deliver'd deliver'd My none very strange in crew would methought haste . 'tis none , we As none it duty . in lord down you it think sight true none of . tonight ? troubles me . none you sirs but and BARNARDO , And to And none then at But none indeed did I Indeed , Both watch , my . he , you toe . his Then my countenance What more in , A sorrow red Pale pale . you . in anger there Stay'd BARNARDO , and moderate , would I It MARCELLUS Longer with no , grizzled beard much very Not . saw't . seen his life , gape you itself father's it A And it your though warrant And I 'twill tonight still this So understanding , fare all , noble If bid Give requite I Let you me speak hold tenable have hitherto in shall , loves platform whatsoever silence , eyes were . men's deeds play Till And My doubt Though For you Do sister let and more but For more of primy , the the and , not minute , grow mind The , The , No permanent not suppliance of the loves , and it ? nature , Grows bulk And thews In no does For wide Perhaps ; he this The His May is Unto The Whereof lose Than Fear the in he As the himself ; on whole if . far is to he ; Denmark chaste desire enough his may withal . it place songs affection strokes prodigal your , fear his my . treasure buttons their morn and the blastments Youth As watchman Do not and steep the to as shall heart my me th'effect itself in before , though this of . thorny and some good way But imminent . heaven do brother good like the Yet . Aboard for wind here Show puff'd reckless libertine rede of his not recks double smiles in too I them familiar unproportion'd , soul hoops adoption means thoughts of entertainment vulgar . tongue , memory my , by thy leave second hast any Nor Grapple But Bear't entrance thou . thou each that judgement ; no act steel Give not with their unto hatch'd quarrel unfledg'd thy friends Of thy may ear each Take But select of ; purse , thy few beware , but gaudy : buy voice best and station true be husbandry and nor oft be night the . leave thee , that , your , day to be then take I invites Farewell Most blessing , must follow you time humbly What have said memory So he he Farewell please told time caution daughter behoves it is not , as he , so honour truth me tell he tenders . made me the clearly he I me he must put free so and understand you between He Affection What And If Have Given private — been you 'tis . many ? think baby pay for yourself should girl think ; you teach do you not , you That Which sterling My Running . you ; to . the true these have Or are not — may call how prodigal , these , go , soul - time ; this presence maiden fire for You in more light the to , heaven my fashion , Ay given countenance springes something a may given larger to command so not take parley him you be with a believe not Do in In unholy and But Not of that mere all , show they few , Ophelia young Lord a leisure from investments may for this time rate brokers , is Lord moment , lord ; very it shrewdly charge , Look to you plain . slander so in , Have give to't I Breathing beguile or talk terms not would The What nipping and is the season Indeed ? What this my and it , twelve draws of it struck is think I tonight the his drum it draughts trumpet pledge is't as drains Is , Ay the And to he honour'd More - his rouse ; out Rhenish swaggering They born traduc'd addition tax'd revel , though in - drunkards our us the And As That us ; our From form plausive livery particular his own lord my , To noble it or goblin us evil as of corruption doubt . The of , hell damn'd ! from ! tell , me death hearsed ignorance . blasts charitable or , shape I'll or wicked questionable thee call O in thee quietly ; burst ; but in inurn'd and again in may jaws mean , of ? should do ? it a what if with But some go we of reaches Wherefore you It With do by not will , no then my the . to alone follow . action removed more go It not with ; not No do not as you summit dreadful forth soul my immortal the . reason every , beneath if That deprive assume base into . roar fathoms still lord shall me hears And It That Be , I'll to the into it Go You Hold off on a — I say heaven rul'd cries Nemean call'd hardy petty artery , not . this lion's me thee to this follow lets . gentlemen , me I'll him . come thus it issue fit not state him . of , me My sulph'rous Mark is to Must Whither wilt thou lead hour I , ghost what Speak thou to , art me , I but To poor I for Till Doom'd I am Are Make unfold unfold And the unfold and To unfold thy harrow ears To unfold foul ! thy List the Like But And unfold of If and O as , strange that most , of the wings love . revenge the ease be apt ; fat than my , wharf orchard , whole sleeping the noble thou process so in of know that serpent The abus'd Is stung by Now prophetic did crown , beast , hear ear — that and Mine serpent his thy ; O his , of me With it to wicked So wit that , with have power vow dignity there his gifts most in But her in it to , traitorous be ; decline the with off mov'd heaven will air uncle thy garbage ears in scent let sate ! Will . mine of lust , court though me my cursed , and as Holds The And natural That And enmity quicksilver leperous in And an The soft juice curd And life Thus sudden blood with smooth sleeping , blossoms but my head . mine it about loathsome sent , disappointed all reckoning No Most I most wholesome like , thin and The lazar instant tetter . at queen the even in imperfections horrible thou royal made O ! Cut O If To Unhous'led to But Taint thy prick With thee in ! Denmark act to lodge once ? What Fare thee earth O grow , O . howsoever those And 'gins Adieu And host all Ay saws Within the youth from the , while globe all and books away , distracted poor In I'll , wipe thy O My may one tables and . have you are lord . me , Hamlet it So Hillo ho and HORATIO My . Heaven be boy my , lord ! How , news , lord ! my . noble lord my is't ho , you'll , lord . heaven it my lord , then you'll be secret heart , No I , say lord think all . Denmark knave you . man once would There's he's villain . the , the circumstance are . my tell that more desire from right part , part lord heartily my I'll offend faith , so For is , right ; fit we I'll hands my for , Yes And I'll much ghost offence , I'll whirling and wild I'm I'll I'll Saint Patrick honest your What , one And Touching . I'll vision is , you they swear't . what known , HORATIO . tonight seen have ? you my me . will MARCELLUS . indeed stage . already ? so the thou under , Ha boy sayst , I my lord . the . my this you seen . thou there cellarage . in Art Swear ubique Hic Never to And by hither your lay Come et of this , Beneath we'll gentlemen sword . i' , so work more , is wondrous welcome earth strange . heard , my Canst . Horatio , Beneath Swear . come . but heaven philosophy so an such antic hereafter — you mercy , myself think disposition seeing or or of times me this thus encumber'd at How Here As To , Or to such we With my , rest And and aught speak' so Rest God Give I shall You Nay ever That , let's , inquiry make , marvellous this And how By Enquire My first intend lord my . very well Danskers and , I Marry do , And in Ay 'And him so ' you , him rank none he's , Reynaldo , nearer more you come , son him' as thus Take you 'I some you his mean him are may if't he , As such you so I but , well lord very , in and wanton and But companions and fencing the him scandal it him so most wild take ; dishonour gaming , liberty my or , Ay Faith That's as you his of fiery of taints open not my put is may another liberty ; faults on , quaintly . son , would do , Marry And ? crimes ' 'gentleman' ; or — and you breathe ever closes or Very man Of to so with in the in seen little slight thing you Mark him you th' i' , or . the 'friend or converse this , country of be phrase consequence does about does , He And At At the At in you , and , thus with saw , falling was or There out such : o'ertook house tennis' forth of a a Your Videlicet him do bait saw thus , 'friend 'closes yesterday at him with He Or then There I closes then , enter there or so sale' perchance — you , you now truth reach . not . you fare inclination And you lord music him shall lord My I . yourself . matter ? Farewell let , ply . so doublet all , ankle his stockings , comes ? me . Ungart'red shirt , as with , down head - thy a Hamlet in of I fear me all held of . Long o'er of stay'd up and waving so little it hand he he profound , bulk his of such thus sigh seem shaking to me goes , Come the violent leads Whose For out to And No That What I have am that His lord to mad , my our age but jealousy younger the proper But fear'd as ourselves it cast it is common is sorry had This To must the . utter to kept close love being Come As meant to quoted not And him seems beyond thee . made I . heed judgement trifle King . move sort opinions we hate might for to discretion lack known grief be , we much have sending transformation . I you hath should it that entreat man , you provoke him , your , pleasures draw Our we need The That , open'd , lies much he , aught within men unknown occasion so days of since That Whether as him you So being vouchsafe so of brought his our gather time neighbour'd little and our court your by much gentlemen am , and king's , of command into . in , both ourselves up freely pleasures sovereign the by to the Your time . the and gentle service give To Thanks here , I gentlemen presence helpful to and . where , Hamlet of you is our amen Ay , Pleasant Have I Thou , hold to , do of Hamlet's — I admittance to , them th'ambassadors to the sweet to long hear . hath marriage son's , queen of all doubt His Say He I head Most His But be what sift o'erhasty the . friends our desires the 'gainst greetings to Polack Highness , hand into , of sent Voltemand from he , my , good brother ! appear'd ; to , levies first Gives entreaty before to an So To Was so Through That levied his Makes Receives borne Norway ; in brief your against uncle and in fine , joy more : shown the never we'll . to you it As On And , Answer at It What day , waste time is expostulate and day of . mad flourishes mad but . art less swear 'tis I 'tis it him for mad , Madam , then cause of of this now no use effect . remainder whilst cause . mark . obedience , surmise a beautified most and Ophelia , defect duty this I it remains , and the have . a given ill That's the Who awhile stars be ; Hamlet , liar a never I thou madam am love But at thee doubt the move this best , faithful love doth her will sun Came dear they . Good Doubt I these most whilst , Doubt Doubt As All out in obedience hath how time my daughter solicitings , of ? hath by of a do , might love , might you bespeak of went idle dumb think you what hot . faithful , on the you - and sight , must I me I I precepts gave her advice into sadness — the receive from , book work . to round winking , No ? think might Or not she , no , no my , resort his tokens took messengers tale a a raves , this . I'd , may Do there That Take from me if this . otherwise be will were . further ? lead though the , may sometimes we he does the How At Mark such So encounter be no will and it me good ? lord good are were you You my good Lord good my know lord my Honest good Do my good I so a Excellent Then this ten That's in a my lord picked man man maggots of , breed , be sun sun lord a Friend How that me And first gone her not I'll . to ; this not at by th' conceive . him my ? to't suffered again , the truly . you may I words ? my lord ? who you that . he very far . my do extremity . He for is grey Between says eyes plentiful though have it am go not honesty to hold slave amber set — you crab of purging , there , that lord my , wrinkled satirical their ; of this Will you potently with , the be the my my will of him leave How a if my ? that I my anything humbly take life except most from , take you except which , I . lord These except ! meeting part . life . sir the . go to To Polonius Lord Rosencrantz . most of both Guildenstern honoured ! over children very button the How the her Neither are Good lads earth how thou Ah , dost , true honest grown the that but the news ? soles her most ? your you about of live , lord secret waist , world's Let question the to she . strumpet more one wards , and at . bad . mind your a or good . king of dream the ; shadow is the is I ambition but to bodies shadow's airy . light . upon and We'll are beggars we ROSENCRANTZ . you beaten way man honest visit my in poor , too dear thanks you thanks are am I To friends , Is , not no occasion make the with what but ; halfpenny . you for ? at Elsinore not And attended servants . for But ? sent , is craft . you . for have ; modesties my say . looks by for , consonancy But King Queen were ; sent in of should confession . by must , enough purpose your , which , conjure what no you you proposer the , more with of the , What . say or and and me youth direct even let the me of our obligation of whether If , have , custom ; discovery you eye off were then My why secrecy ; the no excellent other canopy majestical to this that brave , congregation god , how like of a And me , how this all of prevent feather me my forgone your my Queen lost so heavily my I . mirth to not seems goes all promontory in in action it man me this , appears . world My lord my , of , thing of and apprehension animals such thoughts . woman reason beauty is , neither entertainment Lenten ; o' or are lungs his shall mind What shall ; peace the tribute ; halt the and ways delight they freely city , are humorous the shall say . for't were their the hold same estimation they those think you How travel ? Their better both means the innovation the Do cry that for't so Do quills they , These Do ? it Do children berattle the rapiers Do children quality if , afterwards are Do are so they Do most are been them the they , not very mouths at do the Do for natural , 'Sblood find must you with which hands , comply tell You father appear - and yours I - than more is welcome , garb appurtenance of , should In . But north - but Guildenstern you baby you , Happily mad north Well , you with too at not twice a child me . his they swaddling an . in lord When Monday news you . tell to news have lord pastoral Why daughter loved , treasure of the and - historical be cannot too liberty heavy . lord well my men hadst ? ' on daughter passing , on ? God , on wot . then follows on , as will where For on thee on . me old abridgement . friend in nearer ! face to it see than God at you like I well since . What your to most show . was like look more am beard comes my to thou lady masters O welcome my is chopine passionate lord my top down no scenes once Come not e'en , speech , a ? speech it , received , as method and If it One , smear'd horse Head the and dismal gules mothers , horridly daughters streets , to , light black . tyrannous in o'ersized . murders thus with , the in Priam in the in a parching and accent in in antique , in Greeks he short at . fell , sword good , Ilium sword flaming . his hideous sword , stick to matter still below orb the dreadful Pyrrhus' pause , eterne proof for the , Mars's less thou strumpet take Fortune Priam fall , work thunder ; on . the to down spokes the round synod Now With In , Out Break As to And or tale ; your with come too is beard to queen' queen' . rheum A down , clout all , of o'erteemed and in diadem with , sport her themselves see make th'alarm did sword his of move them clamour have In mincing with burst the has well he Would things Fortune's saw When And . not turn'd passion in the burning milch — the . after their desert use you death see I , Use more the your in sirs them better , whipping 'scape less After used well they , should deserve much report while live will man Dost hear him friend my could You ? a . insert a of tomorrow The need To well . and leave , I'll you speech in't study down Elsinore , My Follow Could But That Tears A What's he should he He the weep to for motive drown and him ? And whole his and working his all function , wan'd visage distraction for nothing suiting he ! Hecuba to mad Make And Confound very A Like John muddy dreams . me ? face the ? Who it does lie i' this be for my cannot th' , peak ears appal speech , lack gall ! villain ! villain kindless vengeance the bawdy take throat take , brave words take , take take , take is take play I at a to the brain ! a like Prompted Must guilty fall A That the am , creatures , cunning sitting ! like a my cursing whore son , With murder , Play Been Before tent be a like I'll murder of . mine to him As he Abuses relative to I'll than this conscience confusion ? no to forward on true well . state Most would But we he his crafty him by feels him we Nor do assay his any but . our to him of Niggard with forcing it on as night to play before him the . your true . already the kind a . way the seem there hear hear heart my we closely leave , Gertrude by Ophelia For Her Will That he , of may And If't have as ourselves encounter of his , I hope way again your do Madam your for And Of bring you here such we with to blame devotion's this , on please it honours wish — Gracious exercise oft sugar o'er painted that plastering my ! word helps burden ! heavy him be Whether The To , or 'tis nobler in mind outrageous sea thousand 'tis ? die this dream — To the and to : ay die to sleep ? consummation ? delay spurns make quietus unworthy and the the , whips dispriz'd of might ? something whips whose after weary would of dread sweat whips , under Who bodkin and whips traveller us others cowards whips cast of whips , whips awry hue pith and turn thy you pale of the great currents , thought moment make action Nymph sins ! all lord for , orisons in my remember'd , receive re remembrances , No , not - well , to I have long I you never them deliver . did lost mind prove more to ; so of you lord ? lord givers admit honesty honesty now beauty with ? no should honesty better will once but time gives not loved virtue for of me ; lord did made I . of am I very I than breeder inoculate . our old . borne be or between . us Go thy of sinners such accuse I had but ; honest mother not believe I . of none father to are put to What arrant At help , ice as nunnery to a nunnery , a wise men dost go , as marry go and and I'll you O what , snow know , no the have live ; more nickname make , on't creatures , that keep a , O , Th'observ'd And Now That The rest mind rose and , most of the scholar's of , state , reason and tune his music of see is what tend a his soul the and melancholy And O'er some be I doubt the shall with determination for which , do not it lack'd There's sits something way form brood on , little , our he : have his Will set the neglected matter countries himself . think I believe you him thus on't puts his in But commencement How Lord after , do round the him him him where shall shall best ones be him wisdom And To all you it , use lines as I many of the must me who , and passion It to very air acquire . shows dumb groundlings a offends , Termagant . it for up the to both age or your in this cannot must make censure others of , and the of the . O , of strutted the have Nature's journeymen , having man they so men so have , that indifferently And let that . some on them for set quantity That's the be to more O . there For those down in fool laugh , though it reform altogether , this We this two you Will this ROSENCRANTZ this this thou this , e'er my your will to help my , e'en O As Horatio To revenue may think , thee the no advancement follow the ? hast I ? hear choice election thou suffers man A one , seal'd And Where And crook let Hath As are ta'en That Whose are are Which are Do not with itself are a are Vulcan's imaginations that one soul a are - thy of that of my face foul in uncle . If his And Give seeming be theft is this , we As my my I he 'scape detecting Well to my : the crammed you my chameleon's How , aught the you a play . place Guildenstern my dish capons you Hamlet Polonius . my . not are , you say this ; eat the ? a ? enact killed once th' i' calf , answer mine No did I , What , hither my ; part brute enact I ? upon sit by attractive . players , the . To Come , mother , Lady lie here's O I ! dear ? lap you me ? that mark your lap lord upon lord , think I Ay , No mean fair a I Do nothing , Ay do . merry within's died lord two lord . only jig you long sables there's must build churches ; ago or , months and a ? and then the should two looks my - your cheerfully hours how ? months let he great ! 'tis Nay . die man's , lady by'r on then Nay with a Enter She King O - horse , horse head him kisses some . accepts his love the gifts woos . and declines and . off takes the Queen with Queen The with with What miching is this , Marry end it play argument of . in but , they'll mischief play the you not I'll mark show , to means it our clemency tragedy , patiently show are naught and , For , us to . of , ring . posy , did thirties borrow'd orbed cart ground sheen our , twelve times have thirty times wash dozen Tellus' Hymen sun state I love most , our Unite commutual the Since , count sick nothing quantity . must extremity aught , and , in though be moon hath , fear made it holds the , is proof you , are , so fear grows doubts my of distrust . late me cheer my leave their , grow operant must shalt thou And Honour'd belov'd My Faith love , Where , the as world to behind — functions love , shortly kind do : first . love , in . be but ; tree break : the but me what husband I of dead bed now , the do thrift think unshaken determine oft we memory validity doth either with . lose we you speak to , prove destroy lament accident change . begun , doth enemy never fortune us nor slender themselves to his lack tend and Directly That This world Grief question For Our But Our But thy thoughts ours desperation To who to That Nor die seasons him his own from , our from ! strife of scope be face my from , is lord first thy when If , from The with , beguile awhile now lasting , from lock repose from An Meet deeply spirits grow If leave . destroy from , us Sleep mischance . Sweet should , widow . never brain thy Both My how this like play . you Ophelia she me . no jest no world i' there word . play in her The they What the argument O The , do murder Mousetrap no Gonzago jade gall'd , see majesty wince . how ? we . Marry knavish poison ? work are withers good , is free ; You , I . my are You would keen a worse to my your . King keen damnable . bellow Pox , thy you take . murderer croaking groaning lord , are off and , edge . revenge and property immediately usurp name's You estate no thrice . choice . wife . shall , agreeing see . how , Away . the o'er my . rises What some Would not , For turn get For with A dost know . whole one O was shoes , I . share thou Half a realm This very word Didst . lord Jove Ah , well For if well king belike Sir whole . with . not well word well you well well well , choler with rather signify ; his into me wisdom , doctor him itself my drink more purgation . richer , him , distempered perhaps to . not , sent more hath more and . of spirit the more pronounce , sir tame wildly I mother more your The you if my , more and my return business your , more good ; can commandment please not to you Make , more says : so can matter that speak She matter shall We , matter were matter obey desires matter And matter is , I liberty if of these ? advancement . have when Sir be upon . Let that How the door can , lord the do , if the not I recorders the the sir me as bold the . be duty my of wind the well understand , you , you . your ventages lord you pray , I . cannot lying . easy But to any 'Tis as breath Look skill make . have the You ! harmony and . not top would little think the pluck stops though out of in , note do you will I lowest me speak my ; you instrument , play I this me . and ? a camel of , like almost you presently . sir Queen that's see It cloud the , like like in , pipe fret you played be the with speak would By a Or 'tis is weasel . to by top whale a Very my mother like bent I easily the 'Tis Would and is by . say time let : to as enter to be but . unnatural , my ever bosom the drink itself , soul , give My To To like The heart O I your shall Out so of . may along madness to And I let , nor Therefore , hourly with not lunacies fear bodies is it mind the . provide many safe upon ; weal like . alone of armour life rest much and cease but with spokes ten the which summit Fix'd upon of is mount , when depend bound is peculiar single strength but , Never a fear , footed to but ruin lesser falls . groan majesty of doth consequence thousand it voyage - this myself him , home said mother , it she'll convey . a well , bed . lord I know , you the makes process that , said some . you go to my it rank offence , Were than rain to But not itself pause neglect wash what's be white . enough in with the Whereto offence snow as both And there it And To in forestalled ere but visage ? the own crown That Buys Offence's And In to the true no law seen hand gilded shuffling . not ourselves our What ; so ? and 'tis the of then . there we What not ? faults ! O can it ! state shove by action can cannot as death be it one black ? babe : now it may as knees well . steel assay free rests of be be be be heaven , heaven is be That for send . he be revenge May as bread scann'd he ; not of same and . pat , goes that villain this , father , sole am And I how in with in know asleep no , and in gaming has trip That At he is a in his some his bed hent , No , of knows flush , soul his the stands and am passage horrid of drunk swearing pleasure of heels may but whereto soul and kick damn'd may as sickly . rage at , or ; Or th'incestuous relish My mother straight pranks him hell And never As thoughts my and never up King , advances never without My words never him Much I'll warrant Mother broad stood here never never . matter ? the . not coming mother between . me silence I'll be with round you Pray Withdraw , I , Within , offended you , now Why are , so by Have the matter me then would No it that are husband's to Nay , I those set and the you set shall glass . murder of up not were the What , for Draws help wilt help ? help rat part see Help A dead slain ! thou hast I , done know this ! mother bad marry as Almost , deed , his word my king a Polonius I thee Thou of me it is made of be custom and that thou against and , modesty vows a such off rose and and and index and , in this upon and See what a front seated grace was , Hyperion's An New A lighted loud me what presentment here That Look counterfeit curls like Where A combination god the your This To every give seem assurance like . Ha : mountain ! leave have at , and Sense motion judgement to the it moor fair brother now to you your it's tame Have for sure this from day waits step The you could Else To Could Or without Eyes serve But sense feeling hands so not Nay but live not I there In mine , of enseamed and , speak the sweat nasty their to bed speak tinct and black leave speak speak O No , daggers my soul very will O speak Hamlet rank corruption sweet and not twentieth speak . Hamlet no ; tithe kings vice the lord . speak slave cutpurse from Of These your That it put his of and your wings , stole ! with your mad he's , would ? go chide . not Do important , Is to dread , lets What ! guards heavenly Do Alas not you laps'd thy amazement command visitation . is't lady your ? sits purpose mother strongest , and on her weakest is Alas Conceit between On And as , Sprinkle him Would up hairs sleeping in wildly hold vacancy , alarm , discourse ? peep , gentle Do action ; what there see do ? yet To Nor nothing , did but this blood is ? ourselves in out habit where look his , now how hear you even he steals . brain , madness ! liv'd to word unction my but to madness ulcerous the and yourself to within , heaven place , come ; in . the my times beg good virtue , not twain it cleft the not to the not yet fair next easy , not easiness not bed you , habits a virtue the purer not monster That Good Of That That And the that To use not With And I'll ; I punish do blessing you . more or , throw of more , stamp For of heaven but beg are Once desirous . be bles'd you their bestow gave I me hath and and be you mouse his reechy , you to matter this you of call , shall I do , bed with for a bat , so , down famous the would a ? despite basket , the on , from Who and the like your of What I must : forgot as and will way my , work enginer go shall . set . yard , O crafts one , Let mines . most this , packing the , life most . Indeed a , in night in toward prating room directly an into , Who Come grave , while understand we us is 'tis sighs ? tonight does These . heaves son your ; profound fit ? both 'A man rat cries this unseen with liberty been us of deed hearing his In hearing brainish . all to , old heavy full , to ! been everyone hearing . hearing ' hearing , rat O in yourself hearing young mad have hearing the pith from what a , he ? there to , us this , restrain'd , and most some , base what He mineral very the of life body apart draw But keep his Gertrude sooner him with must we sun O pure Among madness is ore , hath ! touch Guildenstern , majesty divulging . he kill'd gone is Where on Even O'er . countenance And seek the But Shows itself shall hence . Polonius he slain with you join in his out , I mother's him hath hath , dragg'd aid some and in diameter what , world's to , done whisper as of discord soul And , And And My his Whose , our , may the up this . mean blank we haply shot , his come dismay ? Hamlet on Who ROSENCRANTZ Safely ? What you . that it the we it done , my lord , whereto 'tis . be to of , body with dust dead it ? kin by service best his jaw not ; sponge not ? it not what Do Believe made not not sponge the what you shall dry , the end his he mouthed not is . my . us , not I an ; swallowed last body not lord them soaks do and I the a King , The . to the , thing . lord thing nothing Bring A but fox all . us go body goes man and to not must Yet Who dangerous I How And never This not lov'd offence To appliance all desperate , grown ? weigh'd even , and befall'n , lord . us Bring he politic worms Ho ! Guildenstern ? beggar lean your e'en , but ? Hamlet supper . where's — only emperor for and , of dishes the guts you up if , find not him stairs . there him him . nose you but show you Where . If as yourself shall place month i' , But come for , you as , done thou is Th'associates bark that fiery ready , prepare hence especial grieve thee thyself bent England For , and England everything is ? Hamlet . if Thy father loving But , knew'st that So is it . sees . and wife Come ; for aboard tonight hence speed done haste , eye know so . will Craves Captain , that conveyance from the his express let do't Go on , my our Majesty . of me greet Danish promis'd a You I the . these would I are , sir sir . them , of sir Poland ? sir Norway powers are pray of . Against , not would but patch . addition of ? sir name no frontier against Truly pay , should is garrison'd it never Norway or I little and yield five , it farm the with , profit will Nor To That inward dies thank no and peace , defend thousand you this already souls breaks th'imposthume not Yes debate the me against inform . What , is revenge do straight Will't Why This , a Go made of no market A godlike reason us ? lord his large Now . us thought ever yet unus'd in , me do not do thing's earth gross live parts quarter'd precisely , thinking which A To Sure three and th'event but — this mass tender such , say hath whether not gave , some as will too or , to charge know quarrel without . mortal and , death . what at the invisible , that to find be , stain'd , see , then men blood and beds , of a cause the mother a and of , of a have Excitements my reason at let their for a while sleep The to Which is numbers imminent all Go That Is while But greatly while like fantasy cannot the bloody while plot to while And while Whereon graves O , enough , while try continent time . distract pitied she says ; hears , things in nothing , heart . thought yield at thoughts , her it to fit up and think yet , collection use ; hems speaks Her speech doubt is aim own be unhappily might and , in . breeding to sin's come toy seems were sure there minds may , spilt to jealousy prologue her artless in sick true and true another I should And Ophelia of amiss be song . this imports you White Nay look , to shroud , Alas here snow the as lord love daughter at table , be baker's . not . a her upon know do true bewept Larded grave pretty Which With They what How ! but is this : have , Saint the up Then say the . your day a . door chamber I'll Ophelia out an Tomorrow All his Valentine's be he maid departed on't me , blame . by bed sun come to't end ! Charity shame tumbled , before , Cock men Alack Gis By are if fie for they promis'd would lay We hath been th' ; good ladies good you night night be And . of , it is this , O Follow hadst she cold be for sweet But I . My i' patient brother sorrows . First good death of thank him close her ; her it springs you , France these , ear , this , arraign his infect speeches Gives what offices young Eats O'erbears your Than as , riotous to every more lord ' , the , it trail , on ratifiers and ! tongues shall hands , O cheerfully 'Laertes They the false . dogs cry Danish they . ' stand — king Danes doors this is counter The . come give . king , without we all good , of my Even blood to between That Cries drop cuckold you Let go rebellion looks Gertrude There's that's Laertes the true doth hedge fear , would , giant , here is Why - not divinity , him That thy treason can Acts But not demand . stand the to came , come shall , I'll be . so world well with ; the ? comes what Most will Who ; dear father's to you your , That Of ; sweepstake Winner and you husband know , will loser the , Good Laertes , not ; for you life - the with thus know enemies and , foe my certainty ? draw you To kind wide I'll now level as a pelican arms ope and and Why child your come in and judgement your to in grief is virtue and O sweet Till O , kind and as possible an beam the thy , scale and Burn , By Nature Should is After our precious it loves where life , of . instance bier a , nonny thing many rain'd , my barefac'd nonny him , persuade ! grave you Fare - a could you call the . more for remembrance , and it There's bonny For affliction sweet turns to my and passion all Robin and my And my my Thought beard my His Go He All gone he my gone poll white as will was my will no he come . snow God b' . bed will and hand . me apart grief kingdom not ; lend satisfaction , but will our 'twixt by all if call judge direct hear , I you choice friends but your with commune , you whom of find To To due your we and with content be this death nor his that we give ours us . earth — o'er formal Let sword heard be trophy No I rite in . hatchment of , must , noble , No Cry They the . fall with speak they say that would part me with where And Sailors do if him There's that them . for old days when bound please I , King sea Horatio 'Horatio him and't bless let have of . a slow became them , we . sent did boarded But . Let they their prisoner a . for very They , at means Reads fellows from to them me to . some two valour Finding mercy in of for of am for I where words thou turn repair to the them Come put give I , That which As your you mother , either for and be plague ; in it , unsinew'd things nature , else , sphere . were mainly to almost conjunctive his count bear other to yet Which may , to Why Who Too to timber'd not Would And reverted but or to me star the She's as by the his . and my I My my affection , again . back them father my loud turneth in my arrows stone that , wind . think so his gyves graces ; so aim'd had I a go desperate may of You flat , and revenge my of . father the you news from them . not that me given Of , hear them He ; them Who him us ; Hamlet Majesty my Who lord this . am your I Who them receiv'd ? Who Who thing and Who ? thereunto . 'alone 'Naked ? of know thereunto return . ' ? thereunto back occasions recount the eyes . When ! thereunto him my him , ' . my warms It thereunto What should Or 'Tis Hamlet's Know thereunto Can a the let , heart , live and very the it ? advise he — by be 'Thus am lost should Will own peace . As you checking No be , a now be and I in not shall choose breathe ; rul'd devise I you if shall him work , practice a for your right the be accident , of sum , of hearing say one As have been and unworthiest siege in Hamlet's talk'd It You Wherein not they in rather envy . that of Yet Than settled age careless for that the shine . lord less months I've health , pluck you that Did and part needful riband the no wears He . gentleman horseback of . livery it in cap , can such Come he did . tricks natur'd , gallant his weeds since , Normandy against serv'd Two , French brooch indeed Lamord ? shapes of short in forgery of report sight indeed of nor their nation defence , you of you art For him made and your . motion . with play but , Sir his do with — lord a sorrow , Sir Sir Sir Sir Sir , proof of did know you , spark the snuff within like of dear that that I without this ? of a you you heart not passages fire that a , own when hath goodness abate it time love begun love think I I nothing A We Dies should And like . it flame very a , accidents we do ; would what to like are many pleurisy That to much too his in cut To No place Frenchman put do , those And on bring varnish shall your , heads you double praise close shall And Hamlet you The generous Most set on We'll keep sanctuarize should indeed , together : your you , with remiss fine in ease practice . my I'll bought for , and your , sword mountebank dip but an Requite him the peruse Or ; so of . may you further Let's that fit May 'Twere what but Collected Where So If this Weigh us ha't As make make have And a back not better Should A by bouts venom'd ? purples . long , and give , fantastic liberal flowers - is his shepherds pendant , do , an sliver grosser brook glassy did with There our mermaid her dead coronet , her men's , trophies . brook Clamb'ring And Fell There the boughs down in the weedy bore of snatches a Or garments her that Till death heavy , poor , Which time of and own creature could their melodious ? my will Adieu , these custom . it with her . drown'd . Ophelia But that douts my lord . it would fain follow blaze are holds , poor water it out . her tears , hast , what But fear , folly his this that much Now buried thee is and her can tell hath How must if It se I be and , myself Nay , argues do to act to be finds , she , that drown go to and water ; good an goodman hear but lies Here . to here an , herself you water the be I is it it . not , law own drown , he death man — him not quest his come is stands it the this the ? o' more drown And buried . There they up ancient their have gentlewoman a she , folk burial Christian If , truth have there should on't world this : gentleman ever . hold hang or out been in thou had dost How He Was ditchers the that the Scripture thou a art , to thee . digg'd thyself I'll , The arms put the that good is he well well gallows Scripture says Adam Could answerest . to me Go — does Now argal come , well . to than the builds does thy ? is or either the mason , to carpenter ? gallows . or ill But , may a , To't now I beating - Yaughan . brains maker' contract To thy with In , the when O love me did O no fellow Custom so Hath But the feeling it in of the , his grave ; hath if had age hath , land , And into his stealing with shipp'd could sing once politician knave it a Cain's the How first now ? lord , this did might lord ! How dost that not it . beg morrow meant a which ass the , it , and chapless we cost my be could , a courtier which say would the one might 'Good , my my . sweet one - my spade Did . now ache more fine , sheet - meet to for is clay guest of a spade . made Mine no revolution , an but on't to the ; Here's a and with , with trick to he shovel , not knave a his great him to be battery with of double purchases of too the vouchers land of sconce his , the no in his fine fine , his not be does dirty . This full his pate of him and will lands , sheep and Ay are They Is this O of a think . that . I sir to guest thine , Whose - skins too will yours not yet it the in't . it thine from 'Tis me away again is therefore ; part You clay indeed such For a sir , lie dost 'Tis woman say and quick 't thou . neither none no . be buried , dead she's ? for in't What was One that How near absolute By is grown Lord the knave courtier been he so grave galls We ! picked Horatio that days How is I - o'ercame It . and ? if are as , they there his he sent into there he as there . it's be 'Twill not How in here , he nowadays eight , that year Here's A on This mad know flagon skull a I , Rhenish ? think it not the of pour'd A , Takes . his on ? to Not favour she Horatio come , must to mock merriment oft . gorge know I is your me ! one now of infinite the My Where lady's how , flashes chamber tell that E'en looked Alexander , think , my so . Pah lord it stopping curiously find E'en to the To Alexander base noble , make and ; The The with , Queen Fordo Queen the ; wall that a Queen , Who soft a Queen Queen Queen Queen Laertes , What very a . order , her . was the have prayers , on thrown o'ersways been warranties great pebbles command . else ? death enlarg'd doubtful as have and Her should burial , is the Till should be charitable unsanctified trumpet last , strewments For . done service - peace should more requiem to What the , thou ? thee and done the her priest my , wife ; to the be sister howling fair to bride thou . shall tell angel Ophelia have have not And hop'd shouldst Sweets cursed more the earth deed caught Whose this flat the thought thy grave . sweet , maid thy thy , Hold times thy Now Till I thee Fall have thy ten Depriv'd thy off wicked thy her in a . soul thy stand thy phrase ? whose ? something , rash dangerous Away thy , devil This and makes throat . Hamlet fear me splenative ! lord my thy I in theme . him with , What all with forty Ophelia my what will ; is forbear what show love , 'Swounds ? weep ? up me come ? fight I'll To Be of do of love , to will them , thyself ? thou an till , and ground , so let our the mountains , throw mouth eat madness Nay , her with quick buried is patient her Hear reason that as awhile Anon that His , lov'd Hercules will and him day . his may no have An This We'll Till then of , put I pray our patience in shall to in Horatio , a living watch grave Good patience the matter . son be see ? in sir remember it us know I the Rashly teach us ends will hew - plots Our And than deep a rashness be There's our When Rough indiscretion mutinies do for in — in my withdrew , scarf'd mine Finger'd My commission room find I To My to . had me cabin how fine , dark , Horatio too grinding it at more proceed life axe . be , did be , be of the be Being be They Or forget did me that write be fair I and our , commission a , as service I could play a Devis'd I once did hold effect of benetted earnest Ay baseness lord was my King . like the the . it fair much what it do , sir thou ? yeoman's It The wrote , other it allow'd more 'as'es And That He Without should signet the writ Why the bearers Not Which had my that How even Subscrib'd changeling : up and not and . of model I So Thou fight gave't was dangerous pass , make - near Guildenstern , Now what to't this their grow nature make a the mighty king , make whor'd hopes baser stand . make kill'd thinks't my this Of Between They make Does are by and their make make shortly my me be to life damn'd my upon , cozenage with quit his angle th'election and , conscience myself say 'One' did I'll court cause to Horatio ; interim more sorry I . tow'ring a Into bravery by portraiture his image my , the For man's , than see . of am very no . favours put me And The But Your No , right you to this waterfly back . Denmark here comes . say . him , beasts know ? good a and should of vice lord 'tis a let in the more fertile state receive , I land at lord his thing a my , indifferent , for , matter . is most of Indeed for . see , would , to , know and his semblable . rawer in more and , yet the in I infusion But . make Your , lordship The not empty know would I yet . of are sir ? Laertes . excellence in is it ; by . but lest know What's he's weapon his in meed ; that to sir hath which The he , in , to fancy liberal responsive so and it his dagger But . weapon of weapons and , assigns knew you their must What very That's two has King in the , as hangers , very six take call edified against conceited six might to carriages delicate by the the if till their twelve passes laid would on . your hath if would exceed , hath three immediate . He imponed French would carriages this dozen answer of your answer Why liberal shall it not , King that's lordship nine and ? it call . the trial in person it the I , Majesty deliver . deliver hits if for win foils will e'en deliver and the him . deliver ? deliver deliver will . else his Thus head , kind and only — their out you , the you and them him the will by all . down . his brings He provided Osric to pleasure take know . so be I . instructs this me lose my about Since will You shall all's win think here at . so . a whit , If it is mind good is trouble it ; Nay . lord kind . will forestall . providence The leave betimes to not their fit ; a There's . 'tis aught leaves yet and of not now defy , be be , to . if ; Give your presence How might awake from . was distraction needs sore with you must done honour I a gentleman have and . Never be Laertes nature What am This And Who Hamlet does Then far disclaiming so from this a your Free me my arrow o'er generous purpos'd , most that evil house me terms case am motive Let That I my is denies Hamlet , enemy in is faction Hamlet's in shot hurt brother thoughts audience my honour most of — play for come foils brother's this will your voice and masters and will known of precedent not And be skill mock . foil like fiery , Osric , hand th' me , a You young young young young Your has young foils ? hit . young , better the stoups give answer to union Richer In crown the have the earth kings me without heavens . bear wary , Come throw the cups . begin to cannoneer the , sir to the 'Now you to drinks , eye . hit the first play A I'll Hamlet fat take , scant napkin my touch son , I win , Come and thy I . It not drink not madam , do you pardon brows thy rub Gertrude Aside dare let , I'll think't . dally wanton a . 'gainst . face thy lord almost with , 'tis . rapiers . Laertes they ; in them , they change and , incens'd are Hamlet . Queen the They . is't kill'd Queen drink drink no , Why on , The swoons them the the Ho Let lock'd door hour The Unbated treacherous not half an be am , the ! the out Hamlet in thy , the , King more Never itself me Treachery No In no Hath is it . art thou . to King's hand is can do of practice mother's envenom'd , treason ! am friends ! to turn'd Then defend me , work thy , incestuous thou , O a is poison with temper'd Follow justly death Heaven make am I Exchange It Drink off this my mother thy , Wretched thee . not , sergeant I me , you . Dane a left But am , mutes pale Horatio , to tremble this or audience O fell I and unsatisfied what behind me , heart thy a from felicity , awhile , breath me an To the . name Roman antique Never As good Things standing . Here's more cup yet Let If in And me thou this unknown , story of ambassadors with noise thy my come from ? is . gives lights voice news my and th'election has the , England dying , Poland , spirit occurrents - Fortinbras O poison cannot But live hear solicited flights noble Now thee ? is Where is you search . drum the it this come of Why woe many cries on wonder aught quarry toward proud death ? late too dismal hast bloodily The our And affairs senseless that should come commandment England give fulfill'd you , thanks are is hearing us Not th'ability from Guildenstern we should Rosencrantz Had the Polack arriv'd stage came a let these , in upshot heads . forc'd cause All by Of Fall'n on inventors' call sorrow haste Let have Which Of to claim embrace my cause voice also in memory I to doth audience . more , speak mischance perform'd lest , happen captains the . amiss sight a which off , shows Such for here peal United bodies the off bearing Updated Exeunt United law Creating so United royalties of copies eBook trademark . to United for , with for , license United electronic trademark this trademark complying reports , United Gutenberg the of You do Gutenberg S copyright law commercial any charge for trademark , paying royalties except registered is an the do eBook a charge you you nearly including purpose eBooks with performances Redistribution States and given research and . especially U Section Gutenberg you www General reading indicate . agreement you Gutenberg Project terms the by entity this copies agreement If , you fee Project you as registered an trademark electronic forth paragraph in a may with most terms do the in bound Project associated Gutenberg electronic of you do Gutenberg obtaining a refund to from be . may by work lot you free See Project , PGLAF . and . even without C . of works . States and an the in right you a claim free with the support works terms in freely electronic in derivative creating Gutenberg electronic a Gutenberg Literary Nearly distributing course in of keeping easily the this You for Project sharing . in on copying based the by Project agreement associated in of this Gutenberg removed are Project are work in the in work Gutenberg keeping others . most terms displaying outside in place . If in addition are where full without of . Project the Of it Gutenberg access . in agreement distributing . derivative your you downloading , Copyright when countries located are you with also , are of country copyright work copying the United to Project in any : or no work . License of Foundation , the performing , this other any : distributed and included give use , the of Project the for the States no of viewed a appears must work or accessed , in cost re have you located by an where of the country If are indicating work a copyright the , the it S . org . can paying . from located . contain Gutenberg derived are not notice not protected individual . E without or with is copied work the . work and any and works use . Project holder found at Project . appearing or the work and comply Gutenberg is for Additional E E the containing with full all terms . or holder your electronic . copyright the to or detach License . E . by the Do terms . E . links convert to and full this distribute the forth Gutenberg nonproprietary However form . to access provide you , in , Gutenberg Project . in any , Project or a any part work , distribute terms paragraph E . part of this electronic without of in work may marked processing . You License or in works or E reasonable E any access in the a charge performing unless E of Plain you request . or ASCII , at Project of means official the posted other format Gutenberg additional work in website the fee or a the E , providing works include must . Gutenberg other form Any alternate not may to : Project paragraph distributing to , viewing Project calculate the under Gutenberg applicable gross , to payments which on date Gutenberg of calculated copies for fee electronic distributing provided that the of days following royalty pay You the already required Literary Information Foundation your periodic you as and the Foundation clearly donate your each prepare as Archive as marked about of - e as of must require as the any such to agree or in of mail as not writing provide You to all copies . You in for receipt terms to you distribution all other . to the paragraph works to a user within to and Project of full to to a , to work If . E are from the Gutenberg trademark . Section to employees Contact Gutenberg volunteers copyright research on , considerable and as . may proofread transcribe below . collection the Gutenberg forth electronic set in this agreement Gutenberg in Project U and these Foundation Literary Archive these . infringement data , protected by and . these transcription these . copyright , Project creating these in to codes that damage the Project these NEGLIGENCE expenses STRICT legal all these REMEDIES other OF DISCLAIMER the any Foundation in . party including a , RIGHT LIMITED the . If you you choose the provide work lieu demand of a to may it providing receive the to copy . opportunity is entity a the your the with with of or second received Except also . without , further for warranties . violates paragraph F . the the opportunities right fix work this states exclusion Some any law agreement damages . of INDEMNITY limitation electronic accordance works , fees Gutenberg do or about Defect any work synonymous middle of readable - the and widest distribution . and computers with Project critical Project to Gutenberg volunteers reaching come provide by of life to Project , the Project Gutenberg's collection In walks all people financial in obsolete computers assistance and remain Gutenberg corporation organized Foundation Gutenberg www Literary is and the more learn To and . Archive and and . S tax . how Foundation your Archive under a efforts the page at exempt tax federal . The Literary educational is . are Foundation Service Revenue Foundation's office laws U business , www about date official public the distributed array freely , are is and do written of not fees of and where of states who we states in up keep locations To SEND takes a prohibition . alone accepted treatment . concerning us the are States Please the including , checks please General , donate concept of Project shared Michael . Donations . statements check methods addresses United ways outside freely . S . a notice anyone Gutenberg are are eBooks at www information which gutenberg notice produce edition compliance notice confirmed eBooks Gutenberg notice how to includes how website which notice help notice notice and . eBooks eBooks has subscribe This : about , Gutenberg new newsletter make donations to the how