Stand Stand Stand Nay , me Long Stand Stand answer . Stand the Stand live Barnardo Stand Stand come carefully . twelve now do Well of rivals The think I them . Friends hear liegemen honest , I Give farewell you good , my Give Barnardo Holla what A Touching And He us Therefore let 'tis belief , the entreated our appear'd seen watch I to if our once tush , That Tush may down awhile . not fortified so again nights two we are let That What And us , Last course night we down this . sit speak pole , all westward , When made bell like King and . fear Mark , dead . Horatio ? it Question would It . it It like scholar ; it Horatio time with be harrows By heaven charge . See In art majesty stalks which march look . on't than speak . pale might true ? thyself very thou he he the When was frown'd Polacks Norway he had . parle ice an on angry combated hour . this our not , watch state particular in But This the gross work scope eruption subject and the foreign why cast brazen the me to he , I by opinion our of , land sore of of cannon , knows Sunday Sunday Sunday of this labourer joint toward Sunday such impress not be , Sunday from last Sunday , those his lands competent the heraldry a esteem'd Norway , us our emulate Our appear'd by , now can so know you whisper on ; a by with by of side ; in our prick'd this to Dar'd For so this ratified of , King of which a our gaged Which Did forfeit he stood seiz'd moiety to , design'd , and lawless resolutes Fortinbras , appear of , those by our watch this , preparations in : chief . head figure land lands take strong us . compulsatory the I , rummage the these like portentous but this question watch our haste other that sort Well may armed is to the and trouble the A In little most Have Unto though it the preceding climatures , hast Speak to me there earth I'll But earth cross If Speak earth privy may earth thou speak earth life avoid may womb earth hast the in thou treasure , earth oft of and earth it with , earth , death , fate walk ! spirits ? Stay it , Marcellus . stand We , cock his lofty fearful that , Doth , with Upon The , And it as , our to speak blows malicious started and , is was , in , Awake the of or in the hies , no night no then and , and , nor witch is the power planets to charm hill my clad seen my upon for acquaint him with life by and , up what of us and most . morning duty it him , will we fitting conveniently this , know him kingdom Voltemand , us of queen a warlike defeated marriage , dole dirge one in bear To Yet so we Therefore our we and 'twere jointress hath sometime with be far Th'imperial auspicious equal In mirth With in one funeral scale ; weighing as and , all Fortinbras know you have supposal late of and by of For dear that , weak our disjoint pester dream out us death , power personal bearers , of his and Out The further To business subject , and to old your . What , you beg , Laertes , Laertes , Dane . with we haste let commend news thy the , heart , father the the nothing it be my to not asking , Denmark France , to ? pardon ; done France toward came of have Dread What and my favour leave though whence From My you Have bow thoughts Yet and must leave wrung seal'd him at and , you dust , the vailed Denmark sun . I , cloak is be particular black breath , not , eye visage of ; mother good forc'd of in the . river the shows These moods of might , Hamlet , nature that forms all can But These , your obligation sorrow condolement 'Tis incorrect , understanding impious A To sweet lost . unmanly a to grief to , father a , to , cried fault fault common to that you whose who us to today note , nature theme We We intent We We . our to For . to bend comfort We school bears throne throw died the and We think his We , We Hamlet son , Hamlet grace Denmark unforc'd Denmark go to madam come ; reply , bruit clouds a ; my the in my in and drinks whereof again would a had . shall that loving ourself 'tis weary self - the and too too stale fie uses slaughter all grows Seem to to merely and an ; not so two : O ! and ! fix'd God dew O into not garden unprofitable — within and of , the to my to much to this rank 'tis of , gross , not ! and a name those ; think As it not what Why roughly , uncle of mine , post to eyes married . salt I is She Had Ere Than no my father . to cannot it for ! in flushing dexterity . brother Hercules But my heart not With yet galled , Horatio ? you friend from , Sir make what I'll name Marcellus — faith to see what glad very am I would truant , make that your of my truster know it make To Nor . is what shall are Elsinore I teach lord My But I I prithee , Thrift , father — had met seen Where that I my dearest marriage The see day , king in . yesternight , for his upon look I lord My My shall , think Saw King Who him ? your ! gentlemen . till . hear may me you while an Season attent ear King father he the night watch , solemn father , eyes , they of fear distill'd to , surprised : them by stately oppress'd ; thrice and , fear pie walk'd . kept more this ? deliver'd comes where the My lord to speak ; none made My are . hands had each I where knew not like . my And But to then sound even the , it and did once would it cock as morning it shrunk from 'Tis I lifted let indeed Hold , the do We you MARCELLUS , sirs we And say , Arm'd say say Arm'd , lord say . my say my say Both say say say Pale , O And Nay countenance , yes Then What , beaver ? anger . been had . pale fix'd his upon there constantly would I ? long hundred . I when His , I sable walk you though it my it it And I'll If speak bid Upon And requite your an it Give be have tenable hitherto shall conceal'd my you My doubt Though Till spirit earth winds . Farewell give benefit . sleep , you from that ? hear doubt let And sister Hamlet fashion it and , For , primy in lasting ; this service ; crescent it does but no as ? own ; birth his is doth must not to subject , his no inward now withal of weigh'd . wide Grows The greatness bulk of may for therefore health his voice himself not is for ; nor mind and you besmirch , now for ; state whole his unvalu'd for of yielding if for ; Denmark is and choice ; and sanctity The Unto for : his for no says deed voice what too your for it , with If Or for for If Virtue Be itself Youth shall heart some the As And in , rebels stay Himself Show to , safety none though But pastors to of ungracious this Do A I primrose steep as recks double fear not too Occasion The Be thou familiar thou here And Those Grapple Look you are sits in , Yet Laertes stay'd And character thou each that habit express'd not thy man's man may Of every Take may But may may may may Thou not follow to own may , dulls all borrowing a most France the loses must may it : do season false be and a lender be : husbandry of edge loan But in the and nor in they And For blessing : then my go , have I Ophelia your . man thee in my . said . Ophelia my invites memory shall in What is't you please Given told , to been very : and you put clearly yourself honour so up the I 'tis free touching time private 'Tis he you , If You in be Have of that do it your so What And not yourself . made truth . circumstance call ? girl a green them think dearly true for yourself importun'd go countenance to his of ; fashion hath you'll wind the . ta'en crack — honourable lord go daughter a in making time this both blazes woodcocks I do . my heaven soul , speech vows . how , heat these vows than promise light tongue their something not scanter take must at parley your a higher For . entreatments to command much in is he may of fire as you him that he , vows few are they In tether a Not Than believe dye that of sanctified implorators which talk so plain or you I , you beguile slander moment the ; lord . cold an very air I Indeed ? It think it lacks hour . King wassail , and - The he tonight and lord to drains though manner , Is triumph drum The kettle The doth a and , They in the breach , traduc'd addition , it achievements , us drunkards and , mole vicious cannot choose , that men them : west indeed perform'd are phrase , our else say manners , Fortune's pure , defect , they in some of o'ergrowth , habit the breaking virtues Shall From Doth that Look To , own it us health or blasts from ! goblin defend comes scandal The take of my wicked a or call questionable or charitable , hell heaven ministers of spirit Be Bring Be a with Thou father me Why That I Wherein saw why ; cerements we canoniz'd not Let thy burst Hath thus hideous horridly beyond go you Wherefore with To if beckons it alone removed Wherefore . did desire Wherefore Wherefore with Wherefore no a what Wherefore courteous , Wherefore Wherefore more do , should what , at will ground with go . will It not Do , then I lord be immortal the flood ? puts toys of some base motive into many so Without very And It waves . fathoms into the it to . sea brain it reason beneath every desperation , more hears looks You shall not your Hold go . you Be My hardy call'd make waxes thus him . this what with ghost a ! I'll Nemean Unhand He ; not 'tis wilt Whither hour I I will . almost up poor Alas render myself tormenting come flames . shalt to unfold ? to walk the fires nature , forbid am house blood part stand start combined of my my that prison unfold fretful list end . O , dear thy ! spheres their on must father list to from thy young , whose freeze and knotted two harrow could a tale to locks stars soul ; Like And To flesh of Revenge But most foul God , know't As foul strange ! in I my , with of . apt than , orchard Hamlet fat weed of , thee as thee thee swift thee thee this a thou thee noble thee life , thee beast traitorous have gifts thee wit O prophetic O The prophetic me , whose of seduce prophetic - his , his will wicked ! my prophetic prophetic prophetic Upon a prophetic lewdness virtue whose , as shape prophetic natural angel bed in it But . sate , court methinks ! me My Brief soft And Sleeping stole pour vial , of man , of of of of , crust of brother's a body did doth posset body through of courses of vigour eager gates as an of cursed enmity a with The The Most Of Cut life was I a curd like blood with , instant So into And and , in crown sleeping smooth vile my ; my horrible Denmark incest soul act , account sin unanel'd my on head bear it most , damned pursu'st and thee in nature couch mother . his that in her bosom near . distracted poor this , stiffly . while memory Remember of table memory thee Remember ghost records ; past , shall my by ? old my pressures there seat ; me . word . villain Denmark ; ' in to , him ! my ! Heaven . ho Hillo Illo , ho ho , Come boy , my my Ay But then , in ? secret MARCELLUS , a ne'er There's But by heaven all knave Denmark once man you say Not you'll , Nor I , part right the hands desire i' shall and at the all ; come this us tell There no an lord you lord you heartily my , for I'll You as I And so as Look but offence Patrick but Touching offence too . faith Yes pray my business and — you , and there that , me you desire honest much Saint For as Give , is't will we and lord soldiers We My faith , my lord , not in , faith lord . indeed , sword , sworn my , lord Cries Indeed upon under , sayst on Come , Ha that seen . oath . Beneath Swear our , upon ? of this . th'earth have heard strange ? Swear . friends good , Horatio , earth . help myself welcome fast But and wondrous give , day There , you I seeing bear , never in a odd antic hereafter an times disposition on meet mercy , such pronouncing encumber'd 'Well That we arms put perchance know' we Or , thus 'We ; at perturbed spirit man as friending Let joint your shall not fingers of what his poor so lack your . to let's born , go us it . I love do love And God That Nay and marvellous do shall Before you , will You Marry first very lord , visit And That By this do And Take 'twere distant will come son demands and my you his , drift of Paris and expense means Danskers are what company What they your , part him' Than As in But in do well very , ' noted liberty youth To As may , are companions wanton ; say and ; slips usual rank him ? not my they A But savageness meaning you may must That may taints — that . of my , know ? lord you here's slight you , would or this — sir does He And Very then , about . Of phrase or , you prenominate consequence or of 'friend him sound , addition , the , consequence' ay know t'other ; and marry , thus with he 'I saw such , you the so was closes then Or I 'closes gaming out enter or so such of , windlasses Your bait thus , brothel of of of reach bias , you , as — truth you this , have house tennis' at falling a of do . music . How Alas My , I down his with his , to unbrac'd stockings ankle , foul'd in his knocking each my , chamber , of comes he , look so me purport piteous loosed for , love thy but wrist thus of and hand perusal o'er all my mine and shaking Long length draw — his head other he truly not I , What falls would , He As it his And At And being rais'd thrice end For He with o' the seem'd to out seek the . lets shoulder his without their fordoes to property . will of itself , undertakings under I natures go desperate any passion ? late sorry way his he , turn'd am as and hath made him mad That my good his me denied and beshrew to our heed that wreck to That does What No command opinions ! trifle younger we close the sort . he in for to utter Guildenstern see did , long use have you did be should it that of did , himself entreat thus inward call did him did did did court companies gather did , humour our to your did so unknown to remedy afflicts and by in to his to young death . What to , rest brought to I to , time him draw That , being so to on am gentlemen sure to , To So to to from to . much Good . I To . As the . a supply your more , adheres . so he For . As remembrance profit . you majesties of have into feet . of some Hamlet , Guildenstern . you , the Rosencrantz and amen , you presence beseech , Guildenstern presence gentle instantly Go . to visit . presence presence presence , I Assure you hold presence soul good lord . presence Ay my presence . mine . sure so King have . hear ; to I that Hamlet's I them and to of sweet my fruit speak hath us'd fruit news fruit source to long fruit and , your all queen fruit is fruit in found fruit fruit hath . distemper son's the marriage and no other it father's o'erhasty him Norway . joy overcome Norway th'assay levied With three Whereon On so But better look'd into age , your he from falsely Fortinbras his in borne That ; vow old of before , please you further the those against arms your never and ; his , crowns in with uncle to against That And . together - home night well read . us consider'd and is and My majesty night be welcome thank we your at our likes think , And be I Mad Why Therefore will tediousness nothing but But matter More That And farewell us , out true 'tis it we Mad But , mad he remains daughter and , cause the , Thus Who For rather this say Madam is for the defective and Now . my , I ill phrase , soul's effect obedience gather — have the then of will I cause use no effect , surmise . a be doth fire , move are will be . her faithful but : madam stay Hamlet to Doubt I I best , obedience they , evermore love But these O whilst ear . show'd daughter his means solicitings you think of honourable think wing , must what here table mute desk Majesty fain I perceiv'd daughter dear my look'd I my I When prince a you my not Hamlet . man this seen it prove winking But love tell or the heart What winking This must done Which That she winking winking And winking Or Or winking think winking winking Thence Into may it That I'd know , find otherwise ''Tis so be this I otherwise know , may he hours hid it , were , to daughter arras then her loose I an love my sometimes we the At such But be you a time be from . behind he fall'n his not keep me board Away Do are fishmonger know , Well good my . my , my does him I sadly presently beseech you Lord Hamlet God Then Excellent well you . would I Not I . as That's sir the have I i' if her daughter not at truly ; he ? th' by say me I'll in mean the . Words words , was What the says their a have to eyes plentiful purging old lord . words , I of thus a you set like I as am air yet be of Into air the o' that madness grave my prosperously means of I , will be most delivered Aside is . out the my will I him of out happiness is that . hits humbly meeting anything that , from life take , My You , You seek to To Polonius My friends My save ! Guildenstern dear How honoured ye - very button the . Then you live parts of Fortune O her , Faith , that But most ? the waist true privates about her news my sends have , Then None particular that you . Fortune What ; makes ; my think in it you goodly one 'tis To many so To me 'tis one a not ambition the merely To bounded makes ambition To to To be To , space To infinite then I , To Why dreams ambitious , is A indeed Which bodies to We'll Truly , shadows and beggars' are . Shall , th' wait we like beaten own thanks am , it in thanks a . I Were visitation , lord , anything colour But the know good King which and my what confession should ? is there you . Come , of sent of rights the , lord were for have , let of by with me , more direct our . for and me conjure . the by . you charge ever Nay Guildenstern What or no you . say you If your . feather mirth sterile pestilent ; the beauty action how that forgone prevent . for , my this what , this admirable , nor woman me a like , not you in said I 'Man Lenten neither god , to , yet such when We coted offer foil and Majesty say not way . me' , target on , tribute peace sere ; shall the in both . ways the delight . take both residence the means I they they hold Do comes keeps the in clapped little tyrannically for't they . These out but . the ? there the is grow eyases it , that pace they , indeed , How common children if they pursue most like has unless controversy exclaim to do to tarre to there afterwards , sin bid possible been question Is't much away it the has strange they mouths would hundred at ; ducats make very lord boys do for , that Ay my Hercules , little give , Elsinore There more my . picture father out are to is you are , appurtenance welcome lest But should more natural players than if philosophy could comply come , with . must You . yours mother you you The . deceived tell ceremony to fashion my , my , from you gentlemen each at out , clouts an hearer . old players 'twas . it so to have , for me is not too you , there time twice come a I tell are actors Buzz lord , I Then comical either for tragedy ass - comedy — tragical light men . for poem , too individable , hadst thou ! scene , historical the only treasure are nor a my lord , no passing and , love I , For was you show God , and to the , row good . thou . welcome By'r friends ! nearer . old more it see thee valanc'd young when look I like , me fly taste a falconers give me us French my me thee see me . uncurrent . have me a quality and you piece me all , mistress thee ! me , Com'st the me , in one , savoury remember , nor , said general the me a , to , play caviare . cunning , judgements , the in top as was but , lord , mine , method fine , honest an to , it , with me slaughter Dido , see let begins whose down set — remember I in no sallets If let to black , Head ominous sable he in dread couched the he dismal and did he the , purpose rugged The Black When this , he night , he , fire , he he discretion he accent and good , proceed the parching and . flaming with with lies , and whiff father Th'unnerved with the feel , on lo seem'd stick milky Pyrrhus his neutral often For Then , as the in silence bold we winds as And As The A like a a th'air against . some matter , gods , heaven , wheel power ; of say or beard . fiends the too your tale bawdry to come ; or Say a He's mobled It and ! robe — head fear tongue of , 'The 'Mobled stood clout o'erteemed upon for treason saw his gods state seen had A this the with would mortal you , his turn'd not out well players the the bestowed no the passion you better rest you chronicles epitaph live a brief , Good . eyes , made , heaven , tears has more colour are the used well , your speak I'll . man bodikin less should Dost thou they 'scape the Follow hear him , deserve , old ? We'll or sixteen Very To well lines Ay and mock down speech a and I'll him Elsinore . leave , lord Good are Guildenstern . You welcome . lord wi' a his of am I that to ! he passion with ; tears for all whole ? wan'd , function And his and eyes her A With That I have cleave the the of the a - dull faculties and Confound very A Who damn'd Upon - nothing A Like And whose defeat me beard made property the to 'Swounds But I oppression pigeon am fatted . for the Who it , me this cannot throat ? most father heaven a am an to fall A About - cursing upon't heart with , villain hell is This lecherous son of I vengeance Oh unpack like words play the scene a , have of murder I'll sitting cunning ! scullion my the , I , They murder by the at I to proclaim'd have struck organ the to course The and my and potent is of uncle . I'll like the the pleasing weakness shape quick mine him Play For something tent know he very devil . observe If devil , spirits have . The conscience puts on days dangerous drift Get Grating so cause from He With all of lunacy of by himself madness crafty he bring would we find his a state . gentleman much , of his , demands pastime any to but Most of But To We o'er And This you assay Did he To And Sweet Gertrude , leave closely he drive , To Good my give inclin'd him him edge , these my , too for by , lawful Affront and of may Will we That Her so bestow as bring Will That for And That I part beauties : both way hope his , be I . so him To Hamlet's Of Ophelia will sugar with that we himself . to . conscience it that plastering ! 'tis pious action devil . that the most thing my with Let's heavy burden question coming Than a not The wish'd ache - flesh be to of perchance dream . by against ? sleep the a dreams ay : calamity us give we insolence of dispriz'd of patient wrong himself merit might would under of the , office love his contumely , bear the law's man's of . respect coil the time long so . pause who The he pangs That The The lose all name this of make their that bear dread those ills the puzzles rather makes traveller The , others to Thus the and in , Nymph for well , well . receive a day ? many yours well . of well did . noble prove unkind . your ? honest ? no with better have , and Could ; the paradox force love than admit commerce fair , your lord my a proof , Indeed my it beauty , into Ay That what his is to bawd you . honesty but now transform honesty sooner of did ; for believe the so , can time translate me once a made , me believed you not so . our loved be borne had Where's . ambitious arrant should give I none . in nunnery , shut them At home my that such all nunnery as , pure farewell ; snow , shalt for wilt you too if Or : go too God's and make paintings heavenly , for nunnery O yourselves and enough what thou not escape . your nickname , no more I'll to more marriages well quickly monsters powers another well . enough , are married your make God you are is , keep here ! o'erthrown the the and observers rose mind eye fair vows , down I tend , see little , what disclose in not it melancholy do some have in quick for to determination : to , different tribute him puts his , demand : the brains But Let you all not origin do of well love us fit , conference send him Your wisdom best shall so please mother lord neglected . tell it heard You And show To I'll be To pray you if , crier spoke thus as , temperance to hear But beget part very that I mouth you , rags , it but I may use , it ears but o'erdoing dumb , to who and anything this special your with both tutor for , the whose nature ; to , the is so and the her form hold own image , cannot overdone to of not modesty her which , O the . of others praise having others , theatre ; Christian play and , seen tardy off — o'erweigh judicious thought of , grieve heard neither nor whole of , pressure one , must , there , and and sir , be , with play of clowns ambition , then will , pitiful , that to laugh of most you ? presently piece this , haste . them . to too help my players hear now How King the to the And Queen lord service your e'en lord art withal at , sweet , Here conversation as dear , flatter hope . man ? be election choice hear , thee ; from spirits thy but I think I good the should Why ? candied soul of for that suffering ta'en Whose Hast A seal'd thee . mistress fawning pregnant the tongue And my could And well co - nothing been , speech occulted his when scene I heart's my That In As what core , play a thee not a please , ay she and I near the much Something my before comes have told thee of ghost the mine damned unkennel in comment very him as we will rivet Give . my mine we will heedful to seeming foul have judgements . face his play both our his , will I . pay is lord this , a play . the my playing , my Ophelia , my , my my air I words my these ; my th'university with my lord and my this Excellent - promise crammed , answer ? actor once play'd Brutus i' him part of . me kill'd enact ? you hither To the , Come was Ay , No head my ? I , Lady to a That's I think , Ay you , merry my are , is Nothing Who You - my hours . a should forgotten I'll and his or ; 'For is forgot is horse him Queen life lord not for have suit ? he half a shall else , O not . yet comes King's makes The but ears , a He upon . comes . passionate and , they'll counsel keep cannot of argument play the players . mallecho the tell this by they not Will , what what what a We , what beg what what what what prologue thirty many love But So That Unite wash times dozen have journeys cheer me o'er the and your holds hath or , the proof littlest my great great , is love grow love as Where is Where fears operant I little Discomfort For And Faith My Honour'd the needs must second the wed second let but O husband who me . In Aside I husband you think determine what me slave but unripe unshaken necessary is propose , debt . lose or we ourselves the be . the grief destroy lament accident on , for question left us yet of on 'tis fortunes to our nor not slender doth down love That Grief joys most own Where world 'tis lead great And thou lord is our . wed , own and , now . scope . destroy would , awhile I here beguile . twain ? play . methinks , Is ? you knavish Gonzago , done Mousetrap , do , but she'll Have they but heard the call poison Tropically gall'd You between and could , majesty interpret I It You mistake you begin and your husbands . cost would you , croaking the Begin a better , of ban Hecate's season rank mixture Come , Still off take bellow doth . Pox . worse murderer creature He extant , and very life usurp immediately . Gonzago You anon The see Italian shall story how love . love name's . wife love ? play . light Lights love , love love the love For let , The love runs of away my , players roses of , sleep if a , strucken deer go the sir rest razed . word rhymed . dear Damon , I . thousand a for ghost's , Jove very — him . not recorders of , did well perceive take Very Come music the belike he some me history . lord my sir retirement Sir a vouchsafe , No ; rather sir of , him distempered . so start this signify . choler with more choler . to discourse , some into sir , most of of not . the I courtesy are wholesome pardon my return , is and answer shall , you to commandment , please good my lord , this me your Sir But . make admiration so , to . closet mother's this of in her mother our stonish a . rather mother . you or diseased . behaviour : can son to were Good your lord so I do is ? and bar . to your friend surely Have . My , that if by . stealers You . do the griefs your pickers the ? I lack grows grass one me my if the , recorders to the Ay sir How Denmark me Let . recover wind not I do beseech of you it . you , I Believe me I 'Tis as , unworthy know me my a to to music play , voice you my excellent note lowest instrument upon . am little of out , camel , you would you you cannot sir , God yet lord you , My mass , is like They whale a like a . fool . weasel like say is I Contagion When Would heart I Let lose Nero be soul to The do look me never words soul cruel bitter world , nor in and daggers she in soul my , my in of , enter , not in speak tongue in them How will in in like I I in him And in and those and live To . grow ourselves as doth his upon fear . That The from armour life it highest massy It . with it which lesser consequence a gulf weal cease and rest doth is when ten with , you King I we goes free fetters too put GUILDENSTERN Dies summit of thousand wheel , voyage this general Never alone groan footed haste myself she'll was it , mother's wisely and more audience than him some you as Since The To hear 'Tis the said . you know dear , it what Fare them , you , his convey a mother o'erhear . you ere you my can I , bed upon tell , upon't as double defeats guilt a pause with if I I it neglect to cursed blood sweet offence to wash Is My where rain white And And in offence is hath It the primal brother's murder ! there Were To To Or But thicker not than That crown There out oft nature . rests What of then our ? not faults repent cannot compell'd , lies above action forehead and may currents and which shove wicked 'tis there we : ourselves ? this of prize corrupted his to Bow wretched state bosom and And I'll am A so soft Be Art how his circumstance broad blown , and I thought not , May , praying be ; send scann'd . heaven flush as knows of purging . am for season'd ; drunk and and asleep he Up , sword in fit stands crimes our him pleasure of kick his of or heels may that , gaming has , and sickly . below go remain advances . up fly words My And hell Then it whereto King thy thoughts to . have pranks come never thoughts with between e'en and him . I'll Tell him warrant Withdraw , Now mother , you Mother thou Go , go thy hast , what's , the much offended have . mother can are speak not budge glass you ? murder ! shall you , set , help , rat Thou ? Help wilt What Behind Behind O what . me and rash Almost as and deed A Ay . took Thou thee your for better my ? with , good , fortune danger thy Take some , I ; so . of grace Such the hypocrite so , have That fair the blurs noise proof is I me heart , for stuff against penetrable Peace braz'd tongue thy sense , religion , makes , such contraction plucks a love vows rose the off an of forehead of and , a blister as soul . Heaven's face mass . the act doom , in act thunders , threaten on two , and picture of this Jove front was The Look roars Here Could This curls , the herald Mercury command , age eyes it's humble to you a Have ; call this blood Ha moor in the love motion quantity choice so judgement judgement of judgement eyes true sans smelling one ! judgement , sickly O judgement . Rebellious hell a , is judgement hoodman cozen'd reserv'd to it in judgement judgement thou flaming in her mutine canst youth own actively panders ardour And compulsive If When thy , as no not leave such black Nay , I speak there eyes mine Hamlet speak speak of live making speak sty enseamed their grained very burn speak , my into speak As will more soul speak spots speak ears speak love , honeying nasty no . tithe his more shreds A You me heavenly Save A your That A cutpurse precedent put of is not A vice the pocket and . empire precious the What he's tardy patches . me with gracious mad king and you in acting thy amazement weakest to Speak her This fighting works strongest O ! and but not . blunted almost her is't on eye you your incorporal bend do , air with your the alarm excrements , you action look to upon he me Do Then Will at ; did No , Nor ourselves . I hear but nothing ! his in , father look Look Why Nothing goes the very in . keep temperately , not music re It time , madness speaks place your the , of grace , within ; come ; the to unction and Mother your That I gambol but rank do And It Whilst what's make Repent avoid That not ranker avoid of unseen that flattering avoid but my madness ulcerous all avoid corruption Confess , avoid mining is to on avoid these Forgive . Hamlet O And avoid avoid with aptly is that And with He night live hast with with to worser not if , But with habits with Of to with next likewise gives abstinence can , with bles'd same so with , it , pleas'd For Refrain of throw to of are the you beg you be scourge , their . him this with when With And I'll To I bad begins What means tempt Such dear from , Unpeg No the and on of ? and top ape , wise , know gib a , in matter , pair neck his of good am all with you fair not madness sober let him would Who , so do , to breath , creep have your in the like , conclusions in basket , birds own to no words basket down . neck of made that ; go 'tis me set two one petard the moon line will sport to , to mandate , knavery me marshal the as I letters They For And I one good was in still a foolish secret . the in And There's You Come Is now most mother you . a them . when , How lawless both Hamlet tonight heaves profound understand us I while . hearing 'A cries good unseen Whips this how liberty His had the out , rapier And in It you laid , was let disease most foul is it fit , answer'd and , a pith have This Even on draw whom Shows sun a mineral He him must will Among owner the his O no Gertrude for what is deed . the call in this . him , wisest mean haply our fair in closet you up so the as whisper them level As Transports the Gertrude , And Whose his is what's let Come Into Go him the we'll . out air , to o'er soul poison'd world's we what . discord , away blank to do , O GUILDENSTERN Safely Do believe it thence , own by king son of ? Besides whereto dust with it where And Tell us , 'tis sponge . Ay a , them am it of corner I corner corner authorities last squeezing swallowed you corner sir ; when corner But an corner corner tell corner is , lord where the go is body the knavish A King thing body the all and . A thing him . Hide goes law , but strong this put multitude , the : body . him loose find all bear away scourge smooth . him lord my , he , where ? What get know . before my us , where's ! Bring my but . him , us fat eats he fat all fat where are worms king your and but Not with fish man . politic . creatures . e'en . to is , eat of variable That's ! alas . Alas . the . find . there . yourself you . we especial as safety grieve must , is thyself send dearly hence — come thee at prepare the . if — bent ; help . Good For is So cherub mother My see flesh him , I'll everything th'affair it and and , my mother and mother . father loving mother mother mother foot ; on my After the mother Pays homage sovereign mother Our mother letters us sword thereof love thou mother — at make , mother and , England , set full free awe . begun , Danish from conveyance by haps cure . imports that Do blood Till hectic death Go Over If shall And duty rendezvous march know 'tis done a know . the Captain that his that Craves license , Fortinbras with the in his . sir I part , are The nephew How it We hath , should be already thousand straw question to souls Yes thousand to That Will is to the twenty to ! without sir to to to Go ? before more man , time no large reason godlike , such us discourse not be wisdom — this hath on craven scruple and me exhort earth , coward precisely some Now gave , not strength will it whether . unus'd too , Of will parts to and , and thing's — say will as and the will mortal Rightly quarrel great I will a will will gross will Examples , great be blood my and , is what Exposing to greatly When That to Whereon the of while reason , see , for the try enough from I will their sleep , cannot , twenty thousand men nothing be continent . forth . pitied not mood much She tricks Spurns enviously of , th' her , world She importunate will would needs she have be with distract beats her heart , father and Her , doubt move doth own at they , yet her in . breeding minds . true is great , there nods fit to and unhappily she nature with , come as fearing Majesty spilt Ophelia true , now ? love hat . know his cockle imports , dead , dead Say , Alas and shoon lady sweet his pray a Nay gone and grass lady , turf heels is He He his head Pray Nay Alas look all ! the to with With you you , dild let's do , the we father ; this you I To he dupp'd rose the maid , be the in that a door his : but this of means , an I'll if they ! blame to wed . by yonder to you before done are for . Charity shame bed me make by and Gis Alack , of . And ladies this is good I . i' come not think will be so to hope weep it they We must ; watch Gertrude violent , him done but greenly Ophelia . muddied slain Gertrude , whispers beasts , in himself containing keeps ear clouds France all which Last Of his come , they , the inter as and , Next But battalions ; most her to ; are places this , these , person beggar'd death ? guard the door . death . Gertrude my ocean Save The Eats young offices forgot were , props of to . ' . haste lord clouds cry doors . they Danish dogs false ! as , O this Where counter , broke stand without . I I you thank we Keep , that's my between the Do giant , brow me Laertes Give Calmly father looks What the true Of Cries good , unsmirched our — person would , me Tell what go Gertrude , king doth : like not hedge to Let doth man . his is incens'd my doth Speak little There's treason doth of doth doth How hell To Let But him doth doth Dead him juggled with . devil . and revenge friend writ , go , If father's Will good his like the them , of in Let . It How shall am I And Within to Tears seven mine by May Ophelia young weight of maid's man's sweet O virtue is , eye possible salt possible possible ! 'tis possible . it precious , as in fine Dear possible O heavens Hey possible barefac'd , well , possible wits and , It is not you thus call the a steward . false nothing's rosemary for in document . love , ' master's his more and , pansies madness A , that's is you but they a violets bonny wither'd affliction he not he - again white gone his was , he as was He souls of God ? God moan . is poll . snow away pray O this see Do choice you Or of hear . wi' ye , give our all kingdom and you 'twixt lend we by not to your . labour will we — earth , to let shall you with great . heaven letters . in them Let do I sir , that Let Horatio , comes fellows Reads . from some old Finding clear like valour . and ship , mercy Let as . turn , our to thieves of for light me repair to of them Now Sith you So That It crimeful , capital . life noble with and your , slain ear , tell against reasons unsinew'd either life in his not The I the other — mother , stone gender faults . it and seem , his — my or moves not but him affection bear , wind wood might that to love turneth ; for had again all revenge not . terms father noble reverted my aim'd again a loud desperate may . not You teach will , and shortly shook flat But mount go praises if , think made are let sleeps pastime we I What be , dull and stuff so danger with ? lord Claudio . not them . receiv'd saw He them . Queen them set kingly your know to thereunto Leave you , Of given ! Who ; brought on . occasions back ? of I your When my naked ' . ' thing . beg shall ? see the the no such sickness heart let says 'Naked him teeth , come — my you Can postscript character Hamlet's here live warms shall so will that means a return'd he , him ? his I ripe shall death the an more his voyage now no mother If Under As So If To If If To If If you If If be be You be be lord I I , Of riband that that and be is Yet be be been not Did As Wherein have be pluck together the in youth becomes him in siege , less lord , unworthiest youth wears , was't . he tricks . Norman A Come brave forgery With in brooch . a you confession And art and you such in rapier especially report defence , nation indeed the your exercise cried match so Sir motion you out of my — dear sorrow of painting ? sudden Your Laertes you A Why What was Or Now , to lord ? this the a you , it flame very that a , his is like a are and abatements hath then in For goodness we tongues And do We should wick the within are when of And To No Revenge hurts would . That this , in spendthrift , what to father's : But you o' : deed undertake , Laertes your excellence chamber th' i' good ; may , free free in , free free , rare it . a purpose free bought So Under free A sword not free Or a with Requite free for that that this mortal Where This all I'll anoint unction simples from the is . look our Let's contagion , may think of death . cataplasm thing touch my point death virtue I'll can , withal if be that but It of . gall this through both time and . Should 'Twere back or motion violent to have stuck ? sipping whereon , more nonce purpose he chalice And I That crow , shepherds hoary a Drown'd shows - willow where another's sister's Your upon ! woe follow they . daisies the aslant , did men's give , make long , call fingers envious spread her clothes , brook the to in Which , Fell And , Of , liberal our , But , cold on the weeping , chaunted . of creature . garments , her that Pull'd Or one time like she - As Unto the poor is shame a woman will . that When tears , of are her hast , gone would . lord yet Ophelia , But . blaze calm it give will this have burial when straight Christian own . For defence her herself burial . grave her , crowner argal she three hath an : perform : be , to stands , he nill good man the , him water But . good goodman delver will and of his . not come it Here guilty law quest . And to or more had If not he if is that law his crowner's gentlewoman should . a been o' Christian themselves is . makers my and the How Could Was grave been buried out they great ancient hold . bore ever none arms answerest had a ? digg'd a art that is says Go If thee . Adam he question Scripture to builds shipwright tenants But to may ? well , does argal , Now , again To't , mason than , outlives thousand a carpenter . come . unyoke , to now . I , Marry Mass not 'a mend will next get behove of till , my meet , did a nothing business of the his . sings sense . property ? easiness daintier hath , once , land the and 'twere pate the it as of Cain's could clutch . the not it might ass now ? to . such the more ache no cost Mine spade , pickaxe , O A these 'em fine , an breeding be meet made Where sconce his the his skull - clay a ; shrouding pit and a may quillets knave time , fine double The inheritor , conveyances must dirt and , of and and ha ? of . too lord . the a in more no this purchases , pair of his parchment calves fellow , sheep to of a such pit clay meet for to a For be , guest thine for and is made will , indeed , it dost 'Tis a , it my , on't lie think I to and is yet thine again away thou . it , in't lie for the ; 't ; lie man , sir . thou What will dig it for ? thou long peasant have day the that to't maker hast last our England It into that tell long he Fortinbras that ? why sent he because , 'Twill in Faith , e'en ground what Upon Denmark here , with have , if nowadays or year that nine scarce man . wits ere , lie years before he ? he as will earth . skull another A . year Why rotten long will a be will eight sir , water A a great . This for Nay ; Whose it ; twenty years sore decayer ; your whoreson ; the ; you not A ! was rogue sir ; pour'd a poor . Alas This Yorick's E'en . skull infinite Where be gibes hung , Yorick , that , of times at . Horatio What's tell . come mock . how lips your the — Prithee - that her chop table I fashion favour thou think And ? Pah . th'earth ? not it ! Why may - trace imagination a to consider Horatio lord , find , return thus likelihood , Alexander to lead to Alexander loam buried and faith base uses of and of into make the To returneth . consider to ; dust as it jot a ; the dust turn'd kept aside , rites . t'expel which to ? beer loam . to whereto the flaw in comes Queen soft a Caesar wall and keep Here winter's This mark Mark . youth ; enlarg'd pebbles . unsanctified have order , was far death the doubtful rites her flesh , sister my thee unpolluted i' fair angel the her A May violets When ; wife sweet , Hamlet's . maid . grave deck'd sweet to ? to sense dead , to to to a mine made head to Olympus the treble woe that ingenious to the cursed quick , I them This . Hamlet Like the wonder Conjures such an - sorrow is makes and , grief take well splenative dangerous fear thy Hamlet ! All . Away something me asunder . in thy I I fingers not rash ; hand upon . Laertes him do ? come Dost outface quick buried if And To me with till let them . throw , mouth thou'lt burning , the Nay as well . rant as . on dove the , are work : thou sir drooping him you no ? me that and dog it will what himself is Hear , But . you he matter may have wait last present watch the Horatio . night's speech , son your see ; we monument . I of a lord ; the other circumstance ? for , remember sir see lay us in dark , the . ends — that shapes that divinity not would That Oh knavery where exact unseal , desire , Up gown own room packet forgetting ; many with commission , England's my bated axe , reasons leisure in withdrew my so to found several and goblins grinding struck Is't the , no of , life of royal Denmark's such sorts — villanies with prologue , wrote the new , play round beseech me My not wilt Being They Here's the possible It Or Devis'd did write ; palm faithful King , That love As The did And earnest was stand many And on As them a view and 'tween their might great or of of wheaten still should like comma know 'as'es to sudden . day , seal'd time this Why . Folded Which had the father's in heaven . seal . sequent . safely , Now . and known know'st . between his cozenage not angle thinks't this canker out in kill'd my this To him He Does Between the , Why it not with with th'election and me now whor'd and my proper ? issue known evil say to mine than The the To In will It is more myself is . grief court passion waterfly . sir gracious more is and let a but of ; chough be a beasts know his , I , dirt of , vice lord I diligence ; for of use 'tis his 'tis lordship , No , 'tis very , very spirit all from possession your sultry cold . sultry is It Methinks ; it , my the — me very believe my , beseech very his lord , great Sir him to , of , for , or great calendar a an and you quick his of , lordship The sir most we of to trace else as who ? trace , trace Your trace to not trace trace possible trace empty imports purse trace would Of Laertes the ? nomination all's Of already His , yet in unfellowed ? the . imputation excellence excellence . himself laid compare his and Rapier King sir , very dear imponed , What of very carriages edified you by the margin are cannon , hilts , hangers Danish you it , as bet . And him . the , nine immediate the How I answer no the the vouchsafe the your you the . three ? against the twelve in the person it , Majesty brought him , his for the . the If but his the , of will mean I walk time King day my here , will breathing , this effect Shall I to well He I commend runs before dug bevy away carries that the them and suck'd but opinions tune same I yours else no , This which time his that hold to , constant mine my ready . and as purposes King with commended do . you the whensoever that or follow all In play him him in Laertes attend and desires you well She to use some gentle in how . think continual , I have matter but . went do practice I think instructs wager been lord gain woman lord ill no is thou But such of . special providence forestall will obey to leaves , will is't betimes ? come fit . come . from me this what leave The it hand be you ; distraction sore , honour proclaim I , awake might What nature Laertes , Hamlet your I here done , and you . gentleman faction the is Sir , a audience Hamlet's purpos'd , enemy be does was Never ta'en wrong away Hamlet madness exception . His His His , His If't it . so ; His in poor His it not is so That I His To keep His His elder and . love like of known peace honour of time honour love play on come foils offer'd masters aloof revenge , some by I your like star i' indeed , hand . sir me Osric this , by , off mock ? I , we the the ; the side both the the ? all table the , the . a me the have therefore . third exchange hit upon or of give the drink the battlements to their the wine lord have first which an me Ay my answer the second , fire Hamlet's union Give successive shall four cup in quit In Come , wary Come without trumpet the heavens ; to a . hit is thine ; pearl . Stay me Here's Give thy it say . confess . brows . thy me you pray I ; poison'd It ; By is by madam . too late lord I Aside . Aside lord I dare . the I my You ? you afeard you so best wanton Come . way . they . now , Laertes come are scuffling you in wounds ; again ! is How How , lord , ho there as bleed justly the Queen kill'd woodcock a am with . the foul here lie ; again me . Thy , King . rise itself The no to and on The Then , too . Dane union here . thee Queen . follow I this I , chance act , cause tell aright dead . by a me thy heart behind live shall hold thee harsh thou And this What Young To Fortinbras in If the , poison The Fortinbras , with more rest thee night thy sing the is less . voice lights : news spirit , from my dying has , sweet and prince O late . search proud , in , dead . cell eternal dismal many havoc . hast in on That bloodily So And ears his that in sight should commandment him affairs are The in The in in in Had in High You let , But arriv'd stage his on , placed the you . his his so of this , his his world you , I , his his from bodies . kingdom audience . heads this on deaths And Fall'n Of Of in , Of on accidental inventors' Of I me , of memory draw cause lest . Let captains more perform'd invite this to rights to now Which And Let call was prov'd let his have with sorrow I some I claim also , more , his of amiss shows . rites the royally most . here and music Becomes the bodies but bodies the Exeunt soldiers been to , passage . the Such a much as a peal . renamed shot , field off one owns ! permission set apply renamed works Project is , except registered renamed Terms in it the to renamed forth can United and States in Gutenberg renamed , license if trademark may renamed you an protect and renamed , without this renamed Gutenberg ANYTHING derivative do S of Project terms may be Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark license complying reports and commercial . performances with . charge If United modified works eBooks practically of , Project this may law works associated to available gutenberg Use license file promoting using with mission of , comply using part the . protect any in Gutenberg by with . any have abide to , this or the with electronic this you for fee agreement electronic this Project whom to . used or Gutenberg Project by to on . be that you in the complying electronic below can of paid paid Gutenberg you paragraph Gutenberg and by do with without entity B works the Project PGLAF If in United agreement Foundation C or owns electronic are work works from derivative on , compilation The help works , Project See if a you future paragraph . E individual in do not collection United law , mission course States the copying based unprotected Of as in are Project by with charge Gutenberg . laws performing the on this work makes no or , in States of . references have concerning of downloading in of laws . the its this in with do before creating Project you in access the in in representations distributing in constant a agreement in . country in other copyright than work with active Gutenberg Gutenberg work to Project to Foundation United States links accessed with United use it under the or with away , appears or in - distributed the Project Project of copy , the world for is eBook contain copyright redistributing the the country If not indicating that it any fees the and . paragraphs use forth in . access be U United . www at States you individual Gutenberg before electronic of does is work law with work a the holder copyright the by with linked with . permission If permission of the not unlink be both to Project the beginning or copy other any , work this . from work imposed . copyright the copyright paragraphs Do E . terms any not displaying may or processing hypertext a . to to up convert nonproprietary Gutenberg sentence the links You , or prominently . or work . immediate marked distribute version you performing unless of . user E Project . Do Gutenberg upon other copying as reasonable that of your . electronic copies . or Project to alternate of in , Gutenberg for Gutenberg : Project . access in work the its the of E or displaying from he The , but to payments you sent returns prepare tax and donations about to the address . Foundation the by of Archive mail by terms days s are paid method Gutenberg has Project the must that Gutenberg Project the within money - e all with paragraph . to works copy , reported you within of days agreement for Project work . a a . this the or receipt all distribution you work Project the you comply set the this or group of charge Project on Gutenberg to works a works . free than a obtain must of distribute permission the research . transcription , and . S Gutenberg in trademark . Literary agreement are F . or Refund described read virus infringement DISCLAIMER your or errors which law may efforts in Project be creating transcribe and , they , not by in other agreement , expenses disclaim Project Project Right , the , legal all , Project or , disk that , the F Except for , STRICT you , receiving days REPLACEMENT REFUND any if within received , person or medium person a defective written explanation received . F defect a refund to the paid you replacement return you must entity may of to right opportunities work , defective also receive entity providing . it the work The physical may choose to work in lieu of . WITH , refund implied the disclaimer types certain 'AS allow to the agreement applicable limitation the or disclaimer interpreted by You trademark providing this Some . the be provision of exclusion promotion copies , and following Project Section additions electronic Project or work to synonymous in old because works deletions is formats Gutenberg Volunteers assistance the , need available for the critical to hundreds middle of obsolete including computers Gutenberg remain generations and permanent learn future Foundation from efforts support of walks provide to Project generations was about come to your about how Foundation Information about Literary corporation about tax EIN Foundation's The are . federal about Foundation the or organized granted the about for the Project c state about date information , be gutenberg at your Email links Watchung about laws Gutenberg tax laws a Literary . gutenberg Foundation Archive exempt under status extent its works accessible licensed Many donations widespread widest can website up Gutenberg without IRS in the important requirements and paperwork We . charitable requirements we not donations complying all states do are not the the takes meet fees of and with While received . visit met against any statements check Donations Project laws donations donate know . any for donate from states staff treatment other of . donate could treatment he treatment works org . Gutenberg electronic donations current treatment a credit accepted web treatment of treatment to . alone . treatment . Information anyone . treatment distributed editions Project keep which S necessarily people including how : how to make includes our website information donations our , Foundation subscribe to to about new hear produce www has . to Gutenberg eBooks eBooks , Project . org Project about