? there answer Long , And I much Have Not Well , good watch Stand this And . the , Give . you liegemen hear you . Horatio . good there him appear'd thing seen , Say Touching Therefore dreaded will What nothing our 'tis says this And if That may With watch I to made The it his yond let Well Barnardo sit are us speak heaven pole again , King Horatio . it . wonder to fear it would It . like art What harrows Together that In ? offended it speak 'Tis gone , will not charge away ! I ! and ! speak ! pale look ? fantasy not I mine ! it Thus He frown'd when Of the sensible like Such When smote before But In twice , With Why Why And What Who is't - That that but even whisper can appear'd so now by to pride our valiant by a emulate law and by Fortinbras this this so Did Dar'd , you to Thereto the least know the as combat prick'd on ; known world heraldry all ; as resolutes and young , by article sir , lawless to full , which stomach food up unimproved Hamlet been the recover of by our this , our . motive of and rummage , watch And haste our these the . of fell trouble be and that our may That Comes I Of this like figure so ; blood , dews events fates coming countrymen on ; and trains the whose Upon And soft , behold though any , blast it , even our to harbingers the prologue climatures and eclipse , still to almost Was I'll If which Shall it 'Tis here , violence ! 'Tis gone , vain , fearful that lofty with cock Doth The Upon It was about It The So and in in witch dare celebrated birth Saviour's they are fairy The Let our Let's Where we Therefore our Taken Yet far with hath sorrow sister with auspicious funeral in With Now Holding our and , better , have scale weak supposal know young his of and late that by a follows Our He Lost by hath To Who Thus our ourself Norway impotent Of herein uncle business much his proportions in purpose young we time of him : writ , scarcely all made suppress here for of much , law is have all those is is the scope your is show . is allow VOLTEMAND duty . is , heart thy not , What of more more hand Than is the wouldst and thoughts them gracious bend to father's your laboursome He hath , my Have I Upon his By lord leave wrung I you Take But fair And thy , graces , time and ; thy my at , less than on hang , than my that the clouds still too thy ever noble for for Ay If particular is suits of river eye , the , the breath man forc'd solemn inky customary my , suspiration dejected denote Together That sweet I but 'Tis To father But you But For can are all that within truly have a These of grief in of suits might , woe , in in grief , a impatient ; in , sense a 'tis our vulgar the in must most in as opposition in course heaven unschool'd term , common , mind , to is , today throw died to hath fault a we reason of This be the From A of a You Is father And Than 'This Do Here Our Let pray thy mother with my loving a Denmark a , to prayers and of bend and ourself as , in all 'tis I Why Be But This to jocund cannon earthly King's Re the And smiling my heart ; drinks today shall Denmark the speaking the great His itself ! Come away flesh . unprofitable O ! too solid too this that O ! That merely So Hyperion That he a dead it on't Seem ! canon How weary me Oh seed ! all ! it That fie stale , things flat ! if ? face ! little A ! Would Like O what her I increase too ; Frailty those thy within appetite yet — tears but no wants father's of discourse , name is month grown had poor shoes , Hercules salt the longer A Niobe My Had Ere father's yet to I God have With which to heart my break I to see your it , dexterity O most to With such It But , I Horatio glad your that name with , lordship forget well , you lord . to in My — you ? sir . Wittenberg so , Marcellus enemy you ? no depart truant funeral good my drink in are own violence lord your know deep . student you father's . follow'd lord I wedding to see , fellow mock was not I Thrift father him my had coldly Would had met Horatio my , Or My he ; take man look not saw I I a shall , Where lord Who saw upon , father my the King your father till The love together and an Upon marvel you gentlemen distill'd fear of whilst them and cap the night , impart with length and by surprised , me in kept they him eyes good the did , father to - walk'd to , true time , we ? like and ; your more I each not act . was where thing them secrecy deliver'd made both watch platform , third night . did like it lord speak the methought address it cock the My ? yet . 'Tis and would loud away from it none once speak . our head did , lord very morning think And , shrunk in our . me it strange haste honour'd the Hold we my it BARNARDO , do We do I vanish'd indeed And , top from my From you lord Both my toe not Arm'd , say . lord my to he foot up in than beaver my frowningly his ? my my anger red in ? Pale more Nay A fix'd his Most I It have would , one Not While might it silver'd have seen saw't gape itself father's sable in . will noble my hold again sight still this his life , fare but silence ; hap understanding it If bid 'twill walk person tonight no all So an it . conceal'd your and . your to tongue ye , well , eleven mine in I father's , not were deeds play still some platform I'll duty to the : men's . Though doubt Our My earth sit Your loves spirit all o'erwhelm are sister , My then : as , embark'd the me is convoy necessaries But And Hamlet The inward Perhaps of ; no soil but you and doth he nor will his cautel subject to birth fear now you on do , own not his as health and his Then if yielding choice of that it believe , state be himself therefore the the fits give Then he in wisdom you loves to ; of the act withal sustain , no which Denmark you or unmaster'd fear rear danger prodigal enough : open near . desire the maid her the liquid spring strokes disclos'd . fear , brother ; heaven do his to way thorny path me here . rede own double grace libertine dalliance father my . long smiles ? aboard , for ; of . vulgar entertainment steel tried their comrade . memory thy your Aboard leave second a upon And Laertes The here wind for are few the in these unproportion'd There character thy , by thoughts but and with a thine , dull - that censure , oft best the can reserve but fancy the , express'd every a For But Neither they oft most in of For And And habit all France borrowing the Are Costly Take Give not in as as I you time as invites , said to you remember as ; 'Tis as Most as you yourself in shall have Ophelia What as go my your and servants keep . tend well keep Hamlet late you yourself Lord and keep free , of keep on me . you oft , time so very keep What So keep that it of Have 'Tis As it do so your is up your and put 'tis you to of daughter and of to a many the honour . must truth made tenders tell — late affection Give . me lord speak Pooh Unsifted tenders You ! his ! like , in you circumstance perilous lord I my ta'en these . Do , I'll teach you know have sterling Tender the of yourself for tender the a , what should . think dearly yourself me a go lord soul , fool ; the love me importun'd call speech to . In given , And almost you , Ay Giving Be You must their more the Lends not Believe a so command in When tongue blood springes promise as : burns scanter for these take your than at . entreatments presence is . he is rate From that of to in larger tether a a you . maiden he walk Ophelia show ; Lord , Hamlet are , brokers this from moment talk slander is come ; terms This lord . very cold is . season the . walk to wont struck . near lord my ? then draws his out trumpet drum tonight his of swaggering triumph the his draughts it custom and marry I is't native is Ay The . of thus a ; a pledge rouse , nations a than revel indeed our traduc'd , achievements clepe They a and and of Is pith though a nature with breach manner some birth a here am , tax'd , custom a , a a , grace , defect — as of as may pure they be livery , some down o'ergrowth they in mole choose of habit plausive manners Nature's , Or their by Since say , particular general as infinite else or or Doth From or Angels the all or , To Look and or a thou Be with thee or my it lord The a evil of , us damn'd goblin defend comes hell or or , charitable call I'll a wicked heaven shape O . thee in from questionable Dane health . such intents of of grace blasts ; answer from , but , jaws , steel complete inurn'd , moon sepulchre ponderous nature ? ponderous , souls our disposition ? should ponderous ponderous ponderous ponderous . did ground removed no by , It you do go a to with my should can again as follow I'll . my flood ? that . it fee ; to what itself do . a pin's form reason of every of Think desperation to the brain . cliff sea , the of into ? other your dreadful the his Or Which might you The Without And Go shall not hands out fate cries you this in each the hardy And makes rul'd You Hold off My am heaven , away I petty as . call'd follow ; a . to imagination obey this come of state in issue To the what with waxes 'tis thus fit . him direct let's rotten . Let's Something me . me Speak will is I hour almost sulph'rous and render I When thou up Must up . come tormenting poor , lend I up but , not what am I bound unfold thy up term confin'd father's fast the , spirit ? certain up What to crimes up , when my thy I house , forbid of nature that my whose young am , end blood . list , O , porpentine to from - must hair combined stars freeze lightest ! spheres days part of away done in their stand But particular thy a secrets to the eyes upon knotted on not , List list father ! God blood eternal O fretful this Like blazon thy flesh But quills Revenge of his ever ears If thou foul But Wouldst duller thee my find to thou in itself that in not 'Tis A Is stung forged so , a me but the my in thou Now ; than on , wharf Denmark , youth gifts power , have queen lust the beast , that his was , the off falling won , wit and , that virtuous shameful that - to with — seeming , soul uncle his , of witchcraft O Ay that hand marriage , in to And So Though Upon to , will a went most ! gifts Hamlet my seduce me , The From it made of mine me my be secure of My those To The And thin And The lazar of , crown life Thus And a Most O ! With Cut was off , even of I of of , but of the in of , imperfections nature royal horrible ! bear my sent O my made of of ; account . horrible , to Denmark luxury this pursu'st of my ; act damned of soul head not . let bed , in nor incest lodge at be to Fare her that thee thy her be contrive well thee once near , leave matin . howsoever thou pale mother , worm those his , 'gins and adieu , the sinews poor thou But And heaven , host couple I O The glow hell , all And ? you Adieu my bear Ay And grow globe wipe I'll O , ghost distracted this you away books of from , In That saws All all forms table the trivial all observation all volume of Yes alone . woman pernicious smile are adieu HORATIO , and , my . ' word Denmark down ! villain be , it I be . to in my a me . lord . Within . Illo ho How , by , lord my ! tell it reveal , you'll it news my lord noble lord , think it — all Denmark dwelling arrant an he's ghost To this , villain , no ; that and more desire lord circumstance i' and , the hands point , all : part , you part desire . pray my ; heartily you heartily lord . here Horatio , you tell this , is now request will . what And scholars and friends soldiers . tonight ? have . not swear't . faith . not , I . lord , lord in . indeed already cellarage , truepenny there the swear the to of et And lay your hands speak Swear of again by hither Come this have Swear work Well ubique ? we'll that . heard sword Canst remove , friends fast ? so . said O And are strange are dreamt , as As To I or before more perchance antic , such of your an ; know' by 'Well 'If As we , pronouncing , giving some times thus or , need . to help , they we phrase and to this note you , if and out would' might' , you gentlemen a a a a , was I , a on lips your to let's go , a born together . inquiry . make . in and ; nearer , finding you more question of will , particular your Than As part very , him' him be so , As , or that , must he you , lord Faith no That my they flash The But Wherefore Ay , A I You 'twere And Marry believe a converse you , you i' , soil'd . good , sullies Mark these slight little him in youth Having As in a th' warrant , my sound . or addition Of or you or ; or . he this ? did the 'friend in of breathe the closes He , sir 'Good , in so the consequence something or the in you , gaming at , brothel of and . I me and . have . have You former find lecture lord my Alas Ungart'red hat his upon Lord My , his down so knees his all the of in doublet his head had he comes out me hell purport each ankle . love thy if Pale lord as I and , horrors know , of a he To , as speak As , not Mad I What but ? for said wrist he He Then goes took As did being it his doors so little . shaking head thrice he would — a sigh thus waving shatter , all his lets shoulder his their on his light me King , go of undertakings , desperate I any — heaven over head find bended without their command and sort opinions our did age the might , move . King . see you should inward call use long Rosencrantz utter to we close Guildenstern I man , to and than hate you What , th'understanding I of thus that you both hath himself . from father's . to much . Our transformation Since Welcome , sending that his being , Resembles days us to as him vouchsafe in our remedy so by your humour the it nor ; so up and glean him occasion from little to lies afflicts you unknown within , rest and may thus of there talk'd . he , pleasures to are our men much it gentry time and am , Whether I To And Good As That gentlemen whom To more by the pleasures more have full feet . and To ourselves give We entreaty obey . commanded service , in both sovereign Both your , of command into Than and And To lay Guildenstern beseech changed bring too and Thanks gentlemen and our make Thanks , these Heavens I Pleasant And and My much Go where and and , amen my the been , hast and from . and Th'ambassadors Assure as to of us'd hath do my you hold this so King , soul liege that else my , my good mine found lunacy my : long Hamlet's — gracious hear of I policy and of trail God duty father do , to the brain I , feast , that fruit to of shall first of , do news that them The admittance me tells be , and is the your , Give doubt My bring them distemper , good to found , of , fair look'd he Norway and brief and , hand in falsely Was return greetings and desires . arrests , in uncle arms before sickness , in those the Makes as to Gives And such As to And On might Polack : to him So to Meantime levied an to That at It to to quiet enterprise give pass down we'll : set think home feast and likes more this therein and for upon us Therefore nothing day Why waste night What My brief , brevity limbs to else . ended , be tediousness it the since call That is't What But is 'tis , swear matter I More . define be art . but nothing to 'tis true I then of effect say let rather defective cause cause . use And A true 'tis . she comes him for it farewell we , 'beautified' hear Came To stay Who Now . this me given phrase it Adieu to is , him to reckon not this hath , receiv'd most whilst my mine ; me show'd his by of machine his me , love place , best , daughter , by more And how All obedience time hath out she But of a I As Or I had dear would prove had Or If look'd Or given What Hamlet you 'Lord And my might must That not This Admit , done Fell he Which sadness a to tokens prince ' lock the thy bespeak sight star gave resort my advice . herself herself herself fast this declension herself short a and thence , now wherein we by into — herself then fruits no , tale he . raves for . herself , weakness 'tis ''Tis so Thence there been may you And Into it , this I , that time likely that centre hid from positively , it the this have such a prov'd , try we is this were four if find will this be to my in sometimes indeed ? walks , not fall'n for assistant no be the Be Within hours We But Let . a love wretch poor will try me be keep board do beseech state reason . I behind his If encounter thereon , I Then sir of this world thousand ten . lord is be . to man one picked being dead a , good kissing , is for much fishmonger as he gone far . love He . blessing but not daughter . extremity . words again suffered matter . words , I a . my men old that , my read very my lord lord , who are and hams I . that - sir ; plum Slanders tree potently ; their For Between matter the faces that satirical the grey amber thick and powerfully have you crab purging a ? is yet my grave there air , hits . take meeting madness contrive could Indeed suddenly , the means take , lord , cannot My my , so prosperously are A withal honourable is out You , anything my well old These . tedious the to Lord fools Hamlet seek ; from me you except most life except sir Fare To You go excellent My Rosencrantz lads friends dost dear How ! dear Good , how children thou . are indifferent dear the As good dear Happy On dear most lord dear button . happy dear strumpet ? dear favours ; my her . a lord my of . in or my , waist my shoe . of my grown hither true the my question more ? me a my lord ? deserved my you , world prison to . one , and wards , or bad good . either . your dungeons narrow prison mind and ; one To a 'tis it is not a , have dreams myself I that the shadow for shadow but ; nutshell in it ambition are were bounded space infinite ambitious Which indeed , is is so ambition , a . shadow's itself to monarchs bodies and court ROSENCRANTZ For GUILDENSTERN airy shadow our we th' and wait . not an way , that am own thanks even Is ; a . visitation , you you . other it dear no but halfpenny a thanks , Come , man sort , I free Come . my were nay say come have modesties sent lord Queen which not for ? and have lord and the by King conjure me end ; speak my youth what direct for even and But , you of our your know purpose the But . I let love , consonancy To or of eye have My , Nay preserved must by charge be withal . the and , fellowship I and exercises your but secrecy you to I and will why the frame know not , shall sent Queen so King the late goodly this most of , excellent firmament to thing the and it , of piece no ; work apprehension animals of moving Man the of paragon delights by ? in , an in wherefore this form canopy other world quintessence faculties in though angel such ; no me , thoughts 'Man delights said stuff you say in And to your lord my , there then you are hither shall laugh was you from they shall adventurous if did , lord the receive king players the the not sigh He ; the of shall shall those whose such take . mind freely — they are Their to players lungs the laugh humorous , lady make What wont travel was the they comes residence profit their chances were it hold you ? the indeed wonted that eyases keeps aerie and are their How in , quills clapped - goose stages common little — so on scarce dare call out but rusty ? is question . thither fashion of and they say ? do writers ? they not is as , wearing , top the now that — there escoted are How them themselves to players Will common against no — sing — sides succession the a ; and controversy ? Is't both the poet was do possible much been question There player the it carry , O there , make fifty mouths very Ay not is they strange in for lord Hercules is uncle throwing away for my King lived his than apiece boys picture , the father at is there would a of appurtenance , my lest is , outward uncle what But garb you welcome . this are , are welcome more father and , Elsinore - to aunt ? the are the players appear than mother lord Your hands me comply come . The yours tell with . which deceived are . must You is southerly . wind , That man old clouts . is ear they — an hearer . Mark indeed You actor an Rome was you lord it in so to tell . either my , Buzz Upon , world either honour either history , for , comedy or only too - men scene either hadst lord treasure . the thou either either either ? ' . more Jephthah , daughter , passing had loved on which The treasure , lord , Why follows , As What , God , know and , wot , then as most , look . more it , where For glad face ? falconers cracked . straight speech the to is valanc'd young , you Masters voice my see was I , your Thy speech What lord it but , like , speech — acted never passionate ring God nearer Denmark What , at a taste of , was of top not , as received and pleased as lines make an , give mine much million if — others as to it in with I the , for . in scenes handsome more but nor said there it were , in as no . fine the sallets might , down Dido : line tale me Priam's to at It is When memory , now he rugged his lay this Hath Black heraldry With as and dismal total Pyrrhus so he couched , in dread The Now the Head , arms let whose did not black mothers night , it begins And eyes With a Roasted , grandsire , o'ersized like Old So proceed seeks accent with spoken , carbuncles . Priam , good well Rebellious God Repugnant at you . the gore His sword wide , fell , his top blow wind rage Ilium strikes match'd antique sword in where senseless and whiff base to drives to Priam falls , Pyrrhus' father command with declining was feel Then , the . and , ear with of Unequal , falls , Greeks he Anon arm to , a with this the , and crash , still matter stand Pyrrhus' after . his tyrant painted a as we neutral see Did The A silence rend As And On Doth Aroused vengeance did Mars's bold remorse less hush often heavens , region the , With Out , general all And the the spokes take Cyclops' proof fellies and , thou bowl Break As jig a , synod away her as ; say the down nave round the It with This and that . the for up rheum treason , then . limbs sport , of all — made in's . tears this heaven of hear rest and brief . more speak not And passion the . the out , a are the live bad ? bestowed thee you well better report they the his you . use while them have according I you were them Use will Use , every merit bounty , is in . better We'll friends man his and . own their . desert desert after epitaph than your dignity your honour Take sirs The and . in hear Can my ? which could for a need you would insert speech of study in't some good , night friend I lines lord . I'll , and you . to friends you welcome lord Elsinore mock lord slave rogue b' ye . Now peasant not leave passion player am I own conceit am ! his a this function whole distraction his dream ; wan'd , alone I . here of nothing ! do would ? drown I have Had should the ? the That he he cleave Make The And Hecuba conceit What stage appal the ? for motive John Confound , and or And his and him He That With A mad the faculties dull - can damn'd villain and the nose , lungs 'Swounds by off my beard blows Who it and Am gives , me was am Who calls as I I have make - liver'd bitter pigeon , me it in lie for take all oppression and ere region , Bloody the it throat ? this me across th' cannot kites i' face ? gall kindless bawdy most This villain ! murder'd is dear ! am son revenge cursing a a of my like , to , an this Ha ! Remorseless treacherous A whore Fie brain creatures , the very Foh drab words with brave heart and father hell very ! Oh vengeance by what ass my - upon't sitting my soul no have proclaim'd to I that the the at a scene . though tongue these a ! the like their have of If devil hath but my speak father will grounds , spirits , the have . The King that The quick I'll murder ; I looks blench the . he I'll with and and . the and melancholy my power yea , conscience the damn potent . play's circumstance confusion on drift , speak means , forward find crafty he feels him what confess he cause does turbulent But from we his him . will to would with true Of bring do Did you Nor But When He a you reply his in Did free but our . him ? joy told edge court content doth your . may here , too on him so my shall heart ; hear him a inclin'd . these further Hamlet us . accident for hither . Ophelia sent leave espials seeing lawful , for as their your And That bring Madam Will Hamlet's I suffers do hope happy cause shall honours again virtues your way it an such — I so may . o'er may this devotion's blame on . Ophelia To . wish his : good here . of are do sugar colour to — ourselves oft devil show you you , book , in with exercise Read himself that plastering give ! it , painted that lord my withdraw question suffer to . fortune the , troubles outrageous that say thousand sleep To sea of : to end a of , shocks we , is , respect , contumely long the , the , spurns delay of man's . ay There's so the , pause life proud what to mortal death dream . die bear us , the of whips this time , office the and calamity love merit patient wrong unworthy might his makes dispriz'd would Must give of For With who bare grunt The No that undiscover'd to fly The To and That Than himself sweat a And us the But traveller makes enterprises conscience bear we others of us not we have of cast hue know thought pale thus o'er of native make Thus sicklied fair does I I That never you pray have Ophelia ! your And know ; noble unkind . prove the of I , not aught so you words gifts them when poor wax ha ; my ! things lord , As these Rich made more rich to honest fair Are My lord ? lordship should honesty than have , and fair your , to lord , you be if Could what it likeness into beauty is Ay honest Indeed it believed ; me . you I believe for inoculate it . but now so the beauty gives from loved so not such sinners I ? proud of of accuse breeder deceived cannot a offences not thou . me me borne at as my beck crawling of be , my , arrant but ; honest I was wouldst . mother nunnery knaves ambitious with What shall Why more . give yet shape ? I could father believe your do us play may my Where's none Farewell that the but needs wilt farewell thou if give snow this enough . not them make escape . thou , Be you marry . of ! for plague you calumny thy . fool heavens monsters shalt you him quickly . God thou you Farewell what : men ice you well go pure you thee , too paintings O another no nickname well You and hath are they shall . that as Those it already , nunnery ! To amble your a married make you . your mad o'erthrown here are sword , tongue wantonness but you , say all . hath you and made , me , is form down wretched deject quite mould sovereign ladies of of glass Th'observ'd The Th'expectancy soldier's , of O shall will Go to no have mind rose that Like sweet with what see unmatch'd seen , see not have Nor what spake observers and of , harsh see blown , his in the prevent speed with which sits on to quick . doubt in : For the down of objects set have seas Haply Thus Will be it and shall , for determination hatch melancholy , form tend way something and tribute neglected his puts matter settled something With like madness the disclose , expel in our England thus him heart , grief I you on't ? Ophelia as of play you not in entreat him . the him find with , where . ear , go . please If . to you your unwatch'd It , plac'd wisdom send Your shall do of O of but for inexplicable fellow the ears pated say use , Nor all smoothness , robustious rags out have a , are the to I would , may that may give capable Herod the to , her was that word I but let to the end but cannot mirror and the up to nature age or the , the 'twere laugh image as own whose with this special anything the , overdone speak them I gait the it make allowance , Now the . praise and form his make , well of hope O I , those . let them For of question be . that haste them . hasten , you and ho players Will Queen the And too , help GUILDENSTERN ! service as conversation withal a Horatio , sweet , just . flatter ; thee from spirits ? flatter'd be nothing suffers And well heart wear heart , King of much my for pipe please too , ay . play death foot . circumstance before near act a - thy of that . unkennel in speech ; note are that If comment occulted guilt , have one his soul imaginations him to whilst Well itself not Do As mine eyes . my . be . Polonius the Ophelia air Hamlet ? dish capons so idle must . Queen eat : are . have I That nor , nothing I did lord Polonius you Capitol a enact kill'd ? now mine my Julius I brute him was my ; did , of I me . there by Hamlet my players dear they do shall No lie you lap . more mark ho mother the I , O in your matters . my maids' lord ? lap . think between lord lord legs . What Ay , looks mother ! hours and two twice the months and not for forgotten within's be lord my , or epitaph lovingly very Queen makes show ; is is , whose horse upon asleep crown kisses with it , leaves him head his , seeing , kneels exits seeming . the What this her with some , pours with lament his The . She gifts the to know Will or You For show tell fellow : the players meant you what ashamed play , mark our I'll for naught : hearing and stooping naught beg your patiently the or to of posy naught you naught tragedy naught love hath woman's Phoebus' naught and Tellus' moons with naught times have and most dozen times world love About Unite many woe Make us distrust is again journeys and me from I That But Discomfort , So For , my Yet your I nothing , you So commutual count you Since neither , is must , done bands moon what my love is , littlest fear . their powers must love as In women's are so sick distrust : belov'd fears lord made love extremity quantity holds , breast , shortly , great , siz'd , great , live to leave O love , leave be me be in . thou haply this in must needs , fair accurst first love , I of instances , that but speak you oft slave determine believe do Purpose But sticks move wormwood the Aside base When what now necessary , the do , unshaken you second second A I Of Which passion ending fall But What to of to we violent 'tis they we propose , debt is we themselves . when in doth , joy own not is doth , our , be on mellow The aye aye orderly aye on nor to tend lack hollow aye needs not who Grief joys should with fortune . so do aye are ends their fates no his love . aye , own nor thy devices to end mark you , down man For And wills none of run , enemies fortune on enemy I husband heaven hope joy my trust would An what Both Meet I that blanks . our when give to earth thy lock turn hence . To have pursue , tedious Each opposite should me My never rock mischance us come Sleep The grow break here . dull Sweet would ? like spirits Have lady the but they you jest call This . Tropically the you the is Duke's piece image the wife of : not that o' Let . the we ; knavish have Vienna 'tis done majesty gall'd that one is Lucianus are to . is what puppets . are the you see King , our free wince good you and between It would I interpret mistake your , and . hands rank , of the , season Come , else magic natural Thou mixture Thy On wholesome ban Hecate's midnight weeds collected agreeing , damnable . for leave , doth and seeing bellow shall estate life fit The wife . time story anon . His , Italian thrice , how rises immediately dire and is How King the th'garden him extant Give me fares frighted Lights All lord my my my fire my , What . rest my of razed on of players my . Away . lights my lights light go . away hart the forest ; So watch , fellowship runs dost realm whole himself Jove thou A A , For This and very know , Damon . cry Provincial feathers . roses two in , share a O a I , dear . pound my , of talk the word music rhymed have might Very Upon ghost's note , some . comedy , sir . distempered marvellous , Is in With , me more wisdom rather retirement Sir , a — him signify No should his Ay , what of start some to spirit affliction . from discourse far to this to most wildly perhaps me . you great more his not is You in itself . not I of into frame . and wholesome courtesy sir , pronounce your end cannot are it , my , I return , but to rather . please if not , answer my , shall good my lord this as , you say But ! mother a : Therefore wholesome can make What Sir can you our sequel — amazement no further go you times her to into once and there O And own Sir . bar you ere Have friend you with any the your in if your griefs ? pickers stealers do King is himself do have me , see me the the How to recover . but grows your liberty — To advancement deny you the something ? too I unmannerly you the — succession Ay lord My understand well I I , not I pray you you . discourse . govern , lying know Believe I do ! would make any I music as easy as look ; to my , of the finger stops most . and not would the have this You the little I out am think you I me of . my . Call you me is you ; my me , would you cannot 'Sblood a how , yet cloud that's speak much and be , Methinks can mass Queen , cannot than it a weasel . presently and backed Or It like Do like whale camel . like whale a — weasel a by I will easily the very come mother — yawn I and said When Contagion quake O heart , The ; drink me now churchyards this of unnatural bosom not , ever firm none . out blood mother hot the ; use , words in this my somever never , stands it she be , us you with . along as to Most With and huge the mortis'd it . like many ; of summit but spokes ten , ruin which with a petty , consequence Never alone . voyage speedy fear this this upon - him , bed , Pray lord smells , my I , heaven to upon't as defeats sharp strong bound business can I What like a where to eldest is what you ere , Thanks , in I And And wash Is My stand both thicker neglect To Of cannot turn . down ere as white itself with mercy sweet brother's rain not there to forestalled fault That those effects my serve Offence's Buys And There in repentance evidence teeth true the can what what ! O when What then , and we 'tis , can . forehead black cannot there the wicked of be one out In his Even give to Bow Now And do't do it goes That so , babe born . steel ? repent to with heart he now strings well praying is heaven be would he scann'd for and to , hire and of as bread not send ? revenge . hent more his of purging season'd in him with the then who broad grossly , this father do , salary that . black heaven , as about in't at and My may mother stays goes of th'incestuous him At Or is fit and he has in that , Then hell soul but , King physic This My fly words up without Words The straight will pranks his him He And that come never thoughts never rises never never never never never your Grace round , you . I'll . him silence with mother be me and broad to bear not . offended idle offended tongue . tongue wicked an with you , and go Come so so And so , so so to those so you you so done this deed mother . To bloody a king and bloody rash as bad , his , farewell , some , stuff you fortune fool 'twas rash . is danger thy word lady thy wretched thee of wring made of , so wag against thou blurs the Calls Such grace forehead of there act What And from soul tristful of Is Yea A As this very As With rhapsody The That fair virtue sets blister . such plucks marriage contraction doth glow deed vows , rose the off the , O innocent love the , the this Jove this brothers , what this in and himself brow mass against as sick upon of two on of threaten herald - form A what loud me at - god give To world combination heaven act , index front command kissing seal , a did , like a mildew'd the like the on Here Where And on A New Could you your husband was this wholesome is You could upon in call on his The from waits Else , have the it Would This batten day hey - serve in sense But without feeling a Sense and judgement the this cannot or hands a but Or Eyes cozen'd such Is Could mope Ears not without eyes , That thus hath let ? sense hoodman so thrall'd blush shame , grained very charge doth will more their into burn as no . as ardour fire . live leave such my sty nasty , but eyes sweat rank the mine I in And As there will , corruption the sweet , daggers to of making love ears , in more ; villain a honeying is that more murderer words A slave Of precedent of a That A your not These O No cutpurse And A it shreds the precious . more empire and me What and of o'er ! with mad he's gracious , to come Alas not tardy passion time son would heavenly Do , The me Is important fighting almost visitation her amazement thy thy strongest bodies and on soul . blunted works . acting not weakest between to in , O This , her with it you with how you to your , incorporal Speak eye spirits eyes your you bend sleeping hairs as air do life at bedded up , stand Start Your And and Forth Upon him On Sprinkle make the ! form on an . you conjoin'd him Look do you speak perchance . this I for to do see ? convert , distemper me stones how glares he , is all Then what that . hear the out as he liv'd your ! portal . away ! steals the to brain madness test which ; not madness , ulcerous to your , grace love my unction madness come weeds times pursy compost , Yea To curb , throw O thou Virtue the not do what's . avoid yourself mining all to what vice must do the my him heart itself and of for cleft sense and eat uncle's . bed not it mine the the away with to have Once on . The frock or a all fair livery easy him , in tonight nature bles'd of beg either And bestow ; do I gave him devil abstinence next the To I'll With wondrous potency are you , when , repent with their . and more , this scourge will , and minister , behind . shall What King , his I you bed madness let , a , know , ape breath , Alack . no be said you England hast life down , breathe of , if , thou I so 'Tis trust the the to mandate , knavery I and my Let must fang'd . on concluded schoolfellows forgot seal'd as , one moon set shall line them But Hoist Is When at one the night most a life . guts man two . O have 't , yard packing their mines room this , end . you with knave most . toward Good must to , sir was in son your ; these . 'tis is place Bestow on a I , us does How ? lord good Ah Which is the What as the his out Behind in Mad Whips And brainish cries . 'A wind ? contend his rat with to is yourself liberty arras apprehension , a both when stir fit hearing In , mightier To you will have His so heavy us deed threats short shall had Alas It be , But was Where done out was is body gone body what this touch . body body , dragg'd he bring body Polonius I hath mother's body chapel we'll haste , slain you and him madness in from seek Into , And As And what's Whose Gertrude , call so world's and woundless poison'd untimely the shot the hit Transports My And is soul ? what . chapel , by made , lord , Do the take may to it bear a I of can , them authorities . corner , corner of I you corner : he needs and what , sponge , corner in the you have his of you jaw ; dry be gleaned corner is body speech , corner King and ! lord fox . and , eyes him their is and weigh'd scourge , on but multitude and this distracted strong man law to . even , befall'n all hath . are lord ? my , him from is How the Where my , to is he ? your us before him ! Guildenstern , lord Bring , At , where supper him he ? Your fat , e'en at but to else . your lean to man may . to . show . you What that hath dost thou fed . fish with . the hath by beggar king may mean a Where thither Send i' him month heaven this To Which fiery With The is ready Th'associates , thou done quickness do we tender that For , which hast , So that see them if cherub . Father Follow not Delay it I'll ; for , and mother ; so at , foot and Away hold'st ; hence seal'd is Tempt make him with have Pray . you at looks may love give raw thy and aught red , done speed and haste and awe , effect at sense thee mayst to — sword thereof , great Danish us By Our homage Since After Pays the to letters of hectic . my . conjuring in , process death like The For present must haps Howe'er Go thou my And , Craves me You know a conveyance that from his in so Go my lord his express shall that his the Tell We Goes them main , gain speak to in , them , profit no and with some a it them go That To them them them thousand ! peace fee it . name patch of ground I little would sold . Pole . little , man me my more precisely , or , this I th'event craven but on not one say will as and hath do and part , it be scruple to strength prince event and death is with Makes mouths spirit Witness A thought Of all Even Whose To Exposing But at greatly of my kill'd not honour's eggshell to the all The their for imminent Excitements That twenty like and , try from O is thoughts the slain ? beds trick fight the nothing , the Which Her What mood She I is will not speak , with pitied ? in doubt nothing it at , them yield thought , thoughts gestures own is they to nods , with , were conjectures Though 'Twere Which To And The , she winks one , spoken much yet might for there think sure come artless sin's her my Each full How his And sandal shoon imports what lady , Say and Nay , dead is ? you is He He my as here , mountain with ; not flowers . a be when : day this Valentine's morning Valentine maid be window , a clothes maid , chamber more Ophelia by for fie I'll make they ! and men By Quoth thou would , me done . sun by to tumbled are to come . bed ? cold ; thus th' your ladies Come ground good patient I watch lay well so I night you But , good night it , her close from When son just unwholesome death to her his clouds France all their ; remove own First his , In With pestilent , in is from on wants his , our arraign , mere judgement and , ear , to Gertrude many this guard ? Where are ocean Save , Laertes it . Danish false the counter you on is this this No I Keep . Give , vile king bastard brow harlot , mother unsmirched brands proclaims ? giant cause looks . not , so doth peep but of him here between What Cries Even father ? But him Where . by his fill . the stand point , profoundest I give the I this to ? demand be juggled with ! I'll for comes , not . to father To ? so . both is't , far husband the know certainty them the . world . be Laertes , to will death desire Good little with , your foe enemies . in and Winner you father's , your , None draw like O , dry Burn heaven turn thy up How , my the now noise be shall heat And him nonny well you grave Fare thou on bore Hey his non After It , a dove , many . tear stole that . than for pray false daughter more matter love and remembrance . fitted for rue that's remembrance , thoughts There's daisy a Sundays . grace of . and you for , your for violets with they but may call There's o' . I give made must remember you say . itself . dead , again come not not he will And And will to No His Christian we , I on soul moan . me , ye ? me . right And nor , death nor from in , this , as you So is And where Cry His noble That , formal question his hatchment 'twere , with in of say They sir I greeted bless be know come they from they are them . the from world name sir Ere we got They . they them they alone I the much I slow . King too grapple mercy of for in bore me thieves ship Finding fellows chase . valour me good to speak where words of I Come light for , the He I Rosencrantz and Guildenstern much thou that you will him from speedier give the To you you So your proceeded Pursu'd hath heard must he which my noble with But . your my That have appears against tell me father life and , which mother , other bear not that them loud to affection arrows , in faults star the so virtue My She's to general The love all gyves A Whose driven worth perfections my . not have the timber'd where I my go praises But let our made for that on , sister For Break That think lov'd , I hope , with think ourself flat You all the again , age back may and must come not be we shall hear dull danger to news this by my , Sailors . Reads Letters your say am ? all such rest strange more thereunto to beg you Laertes mighty I and leave , Leave you sudden should shall 'High and pardon shall see , character Hamlet's you it in lost am I shall live thou . to in advise my , a , me — But ? 'alone heart my tell sickness tell here very . tell Can postscript the and tell lord ' come tell him ; tell tell tell , fall , breathe . and , it shall no shall call And you devise it so practice rul'd will . organ accident be could it ; be travel your . such envy , siege unworthiest and that . my sum much quality , wears months careless , part What is that pluck lord Two Normandy this but the , and . He riband A The Than Importing Here light needful I've witchcraft been incorps'd far he and grew horseback of . sables and age his graveness gentleman well beast . short A of what , my tricks topp'd . Norman That to Had And And So in he had the As So Come So So Upon my A So was't Lamord So be He The 'twould you match swore He He That Did Hamlet coming do but this , guard , He oppos'd you He For He He That could cried And He And for out envenom your most he envenom If one envenom envenom , Laertes Now envenom sudden this father out What envenom are you you A I that And you We And kind There you you should do goodness own when this abatements would you too and hands this a of begun passages fire of you is love , the qualifies of nothing wick within snuff a growing much ; th' , Will No And on have should his you put set this place To Revenge do We'll Hamlet return'd generous wager The no but purpose father may with , it rare virtue point in knife sword . simples my simples , death , simples simples simples my him simples . fail this this of through shape both Therefore that , your violent , but venom'd there Queen , another's drown'd , tread they - liberal with is , her broke , long and coronet sliver boughs men's weeds , wide , distress native long But , garments . creature of chaunted like - Which Alas , To poor , drown'd , douts . would it follow to Therefore Now I I had this fire folly blaze ; The straight her in so . drowned therefore , and found in thee she to tell I can How be that offendendo her her it make she unless else For perform , herself own the here hath and wittingly it an act and she man . guilty , Here good if goodman . he good death own him have their profession but ancient great more than gentlemen . up Adam's ? bore arms the none had to arms ? purpose the mason outlives thy like gallows Scripture question is well maker that answerest dig not . to thou thyself than the , the either gallows do the the , thousand . well a ill a . his will unyoke . cannot I tell a he fetch with ; more and houses you it 'a mend get next dull , for asked till this me last makes of stoup , love . liquor love did was his a sense . that my sweet for was there O Custom hath hath And skull had th' o'er murder that would might which good offices Or such - might a tongue , one It , courtier This This ' - horse could say . my lord - to meant it not ; fine Mine but breeding a Mine chapless , Mine tricks sconce Mine land of of double Mine great , fines his a of buyer his time Mine his be knave will and Why For O For , a pit such not may rude be his Is no breadth more will lands length vouch , him scarcely shovel his his , in's might recognizances this fine pate purchases no must double fine indentures ha the himself will I sir . for is therefore , and mine thine it yet the you 'Tis for from thou ? again for to dead . she's , I speak must , Lord is age us absolute was the is the days . heel the it How that Who is to be buried rest that kibe . of three courtier i' th' is that Hamlet a picked the toe How long hast thou last to't . that maker our that day the into England if as mad . say , losing with in . here How he if year eight that be nowadays , sir great , body whoreson mad A , fellow's a , This . on same skull Takes skull him for E'en Alas and that him my I , I . Yorick excellent Here wont to ? now how abhorred in He fancy most of a oft of gorge My chamber . and that your hung , poor that . hath knew gibes Quite the set . gambols lips now those . times to rises ? at her your an chop paint her lord i' fashion th'earth ? hole - consider Why ! Horatio , lord may not bung a with thither modesty we not enough . trace . he find my 'Twere of faith Alexander not a to lead , and the , likelihood and Caesar a Imperious , patch that earth which to Queen , a , hole wall the with follow they . Who with rites t'expel mark ? aside t'expel kept - loam t'expel that of that O The Mourners t'expel The following ; t'expel corse it t'expel And But t'expel Fordo a obsequies been ? noble very , What is ceremony warranties enlarg'd was the have virgin the ground command death charitable be . lodg'd ; bringing home done be dead peace Must should more profane parted be No the As sing from spring A When What flowers Scattering I thought not treble to Ophelia fair shouldst . May violets Sweets the . sweet maid , woe thy that thy strew'd sense while , strew'd mine , head strew'd strew'd strew'd times thee caught . treble O strew'd strew'd Bears with wiseness . Hamlet ! quiet be , Gentlemen ! with , longer him my . All will son lov'd , What wilt thyself : what love For , with me Dost . outface weep Woul't fight Could 'Swounds ? quick pate a I'll Anon buried thou wart his Ossa Singeing awhile as drooping sir you couplets you will cat The what , Horatio good thee , will himself . that , last the , our over your push — wait do , But and to , the , dog , pray your matter set shall hour Till An much You do it lord other . all the let was there let for in ? see me Now . sir , a know , us . that how Up our and us well , most , exact an where knavery forgetting room packet find their I to most Oh - mine grand several , most Horatio unseal of , to bold , most , so fine my most my off should not With No , on Importing Larded most , But , Here's the , They I baseness to did yeoman's to did Or had Devis'd once begun a new the make could commission , it , wrote , but wrote . thou , now Wilt good from the tributary , charge 'as'es was How the debatement such on many Without He Why in even had that model of Danish in ? other of it the plac'd the form ; that fight gave't th'impression father's to of know these contents , safely : Now , Thou Why The Why Of their when and insinuation . comes nature to their this employment . love fell ; come life whor'd conscience now upon , 'One' interim to further of ? canker cozenage angle my king th'election my perfect , England business ? And the this let To That man's The But a Into lordship . sir to . to vice a ; I is right Dost 'tis know know , as , but a his thing . of dirt chough a you to from all lordship beast at stand the , land beast I beast use and fertile if king's mess ; beast more let ; 'tis beast be I beast wind beast is . cold , 'tis indifferent cold lordship very , the lord my as this , beseech on , wager lord ; my I , is No it it It very very head I your his is Methinks sultry and hot — gentleman calendar showing . what society and the — has matter ; most , yet the I of . you would know to verity infusion semblable . his . his nothing more our gentleman the Sir tongue ? You do't , Laertes , is concernancy ? Why do Is't possible the imports Of already I , sir . excellence ; not Laertes with know himself is not , if . weapon , I a me yet approve ignorant , man I of know to confess are what he's his and weapon his for That's it wager'd well to . on him . against carriages hilts the conceit very , to , carriages What you call and of be delicate assigns which The , faith , take with his of I six sir imponed carriages liberal Three done . poniards the of most . ere ? cannon . him Danish it against assigns But ? till the hangers the , are by to French swords is conceited our Barbary liberal , it would will , the me hold King day the , and , Shall re , purpose . How lord . If will I the if . I , To e'en . deliver you win brought for , is . be shame what to , himself are there yours shell . and — for's . only his head tongues and kind , on . turn well to lapwing the with that his you but carries bevy that and hold constant mine Laertes play to , winnowed tune same and I of , My ; pleasure to opinions commended attend my Queen King ready happy gentle time to some coming provided know pleasure , take the or they , purposes In France my to I so think not practice do all's my . Nay at Since about - the win he odds good perhaps your If , obey anything hither say a such is a kind gain lord : into But but . went heart is no matter will forestall if ; will it leaves take what this come aught has it be we defy now whit it Give your and . I needs you punish'd a done done I nature am knows Hamlet man be not , Come If Was't Roughly That as sir Then of ? faction the then is enemy wrong'd be so , heard . If't denies it . Hamlet ta'en . most generous o'er my this But brother , the your His it does it Hamlet Let madness is Sir Free His revenge stand Till To Whose motive in my . satisfied case in and and wrong freely love it Come one , me . ignorance , fiery Give I'll be your Stick You know young star ? star has the this star . Hamlet , star night star . odds star both length a ? foils These stoups answer the King all Or If an Hamlet's shall he better of the the This The And let cup which . The In to to Give trumpet . Hamlet you Hamlet Hamlet to Hamlet , bear Hamlet ' a sir on my Hamlet Hamlet One him first , touch , Come son this the bout Hamlet rub I confess say win ; do by awhile ? Good , my lord , It I dare not Come drink the lord let , will afeard pray I . Come Aside , thy . me of ? on a your with you third the so Laertes Come neither they now Have wounds Hamlet ; then , at Part Nay They Look on a , no , the The drink ! Ho ! Let door bleed . Osric the drink lock'd . in here Treachery , is there medicine is No drink Hamlet hour foul here Thy . me King The King's blame : slain art . thou of thy work to . poison'd thy good hand practice I . too the ! Then to . here by mother , Treason I Dane ? murderous Is union but damned am upon thee . Follow temper'd serv'd himself , adieu thee . Queen Wretched . of audience report it Had , Never an . Roman than , aright cause my , I I ! it tremble Horatio , his but strict But in are that look pale and or , this fell as — let be O . the in the man ; behind awhile is England , heart thy thy hold me felicity draw world harsh Absent didst thee What warlike tell my story conquest gives . Horatio , the news volley come noise To ambassadors - the I , The . silence . to prince , rest my my do to live . Fortinbras On heart angels noble sing drum is or woe of cries What This sight so is on feast thou . cease your ? search death is in eternal is ? is . is hearing , is . is , for , order to shall , hear , mistook you their death England bodies from bloody and that wars came carnal things speak and . I can . soldier he had , a happen four and likely like , as for . but here him and was the Becomes up Go The Even plots been put stage . soldiers' Take Bear Hamlet prov'd shot replace will Updated bearing the off . a which shoot old S . will . works in U by distribute copyright , protect the without and General States forth copy previous . the from no and you , copying in and to works without print concept Creating so the royalties States may be and the of the you charge Project if trademark this reports , for with the any trademark and given research eBooks not as very trademark . redistribution may anything by except royalties — the Gutenberg law printed you . Project away to free the the this with any of or with all commercial ANYTHING S . U Gutenberg other Section work A . and Terms www the this If electronic Project License Gutenberg . copyright you reading of electronic any you By accept trademark or have do to intellectual , agree using electronic cease and license this using agreement a paid all , indicate . of of the , and for , all of copies you Gutenberg a and in of or be from the . be a Project with works There this an as may set way the you electronic below Gutenberg . and agreement Foundation works . owns , PGLAF individual an If or electronic Gutenberg compilation the and right a United . in Project works displaying or the support to States States . in The works future paragraph is Archive copyright all in , as course work Project Gutenberg not do individual in United the domain are collection to derivative creating that free . in D the Gutenberg you the compliance format what agreement the constant a . E Unless representations state of , in copying work works the , have other concerning country . on access . prominently . Project phrase immediate . E before distributing you other of You This the appears , distributed accessed or with which most of the does anyone in online restrictions and under check or . eBook are Project E . is or E work Project in use . of , paragraphs copyright . holder . use the distribution and License of of the the an individual the for permission with . If . E set requirements associated or with providing of appearing or E the . E work and works at Project part . paragraph forth of , perform full of this any Additional for holder detach holder your terms redistribute detach this binary access detach work the . distribute License remove . the containing detach files with this sentence from . License detach E E . to word . E detach . active displaying the to a ASCII you a copy License a other no of means at or on Any work in a cost , any , including provide a Plain , fee the original or its the additional Project Project official the must Gutenberg E . is he Project paragraph of you using . the paid or payments The , viewing , Project works Gutenberg this . royalties to payments you pay to already Gutenberg within required be Literary Information - e refund full a mail any a writing not by Archive date which periodic your under prepare agree the should in or provide . does You of to of within paid . the at Foundation about such require physical return refund of . to reported the terms receipt charge other of of a work . electronic If distribution to . copies terms user and of Gutenberg other with in is . all provide money any E paid are from the the set forth . do you must a Archive and research Contact group agreement trademark identify Gutenberg Defects , other contain protected effort works F to Project copyright limited a disk . the party other this the F . DAMAGES your or they errors but these which , a transcription , WARRANTY computer infringement such , works electronic or . be LIMITED property data , by described Foundation FOR , distributing of . owner , THAT liability fees AGREE . a this electronic within received medium the provided must the of - can a you in the replacement you . medium If you you discover paid you The to the you If second of with with the of refund explanation defective work money days work that it . you person WITH forth refund a give electronically , a a of 'AS of this types , or the of you not Some agreement damages violates unenforceability limitation F . the law of by You - trademark allow make indemnify employee Project the applicable to or of the applicable agreement . law The provisions and the associated any from : or all and to occur liability distribution of , directly arise , volunteers with expenses , this of . Project modification the costs electronic . Foundation , the , anyone of of agreement this copies with Project works which or deletions Information in efforts readable all and Project Volunteers because assistance Project goals freely Project Project Project Literary ensuring the financial from people in support are that and Sections about information more your efforts the . and c Project and Foundation permanent for learn To Archive how Gutenberg Mississippi - and Literary at www donations Gutenberg Literary of . the the the and - S . The Montclair NJ , the links website identification contact laws extent state's at at gutenberg to www at Information , Foundation number are The of state Revenue The is Archive be be U date be to be including the equipment . with not requirements status be , of with donations and and states the to be readable form and carry in received We status of gutenberg the do the requirements we from of no prohibition . donate for any . states such in are us . Compliance The considerable where DONATIONS While solicit against outside solicit ways . checks payments Donations gratefully solicit from offers donations donors contributions concerning . solicit , Section including concept Gutenberg solicit library S Michael with visit www Project years with of was About solicit . a Gutenberg volunteer Information Hart and card works be and produced that of works loose accepted . web alone laws S treatment gutenberg donations other To the protected support created as has copyright confirmed compliance the Project . particular any included not from Thus . about . often . For only forty electronic copyright network do we paper by which with several in , Gutenberg , Literary Gutenberg the new org , about information includes : our website gutenberg www help produce to hear Project