Long Stand answer Who's the me and King . Get And relief much . most 'Tis Have I thanks upon your thee For think I hear I O , has soldier Give , my farewell honest , Barnardo is , what A has Welcome What 'tis but twice him ? there Say will That may to watch the our if He not have again Therefore this approve us With , eyes Sit are What we let Tush That two against assail our again speak westward from the , night that's t'illume course star Had and part . of down , this burns , heaven pole then now made same Marcellus . not fear me ? be Most , the to , time warlike charge , to spoke of speak form and It and . than and ! on't What this Horatio gone Is now , will ! speak avouch . look fantasy . Is like and true King ! the : armour ! art mine , th'ambitious ! he he the the think God it thou very to ? not you when parle on an the this gone by our . he had ; on in thyself at he . sledded 'Tis smote , jump of my opinion , knows observant most the watch , to eruption , that ; cannon war implements of , brazen sore the . not and scope I tell and subject mart foreign toils such divide the Good this same , sit This state . me the is't least , toward sweaty the shipwrights for daily why And So nightly ; now . esteem'd seal'd , compact him pride , King , of world known which most emulate lands Norway , had moiety life by ratified Well the prick'd you image Whose , slay so even whisper goes so the but For stood the King ; the and seiz'd the Had His fell been Was Hath unimproved Hamlet carriage of our ; Fortinbras forfeit To Now of of , full , no unto us doth and diet in't recover in As compulsatory , food terms Is his But For Shark'd And . as of Fortinbras the same ; and cov'nant to there . these like so question watch the . figure , state our appear well by I chief . so e'en and And . lost of our this , preparations but rummage , the head the portentous of and our this of I A little whose other King eye , stands with the Roman the trouble to high ere stood and the to Neptune's and in of empire Julius state gibber tenantless and sheeted of moist and the blood ; dead it demonstrated earth ! to done be earth . or together omen even soft earth , Have As And cross earth Or If earth earth For earth , treasure in the , oft speak thy . speak in , foreknowing of thing fate , death ! will it at it womb uphoarded , happily Stay and life , earth of of say Extorted ! in walk stand Shall , I For it our to And We it as blows mockery . crew of air vain then The in god his , Awake Whether Doth And To his confine is summons or and . present the lofty sea Th'extravagant in at the , shrill and the . or sounding have I trumpet earth spirit , the started fearful it a warning air , comes cock truth season is of , night all 'gainst crowing object Saviour's dawning say wholesome so then nor gracious no , Wherein then have look high do in dew the eastward my is power planets long tonight russet yon , have by mantle in and takes are they ever dare celebrated spirit dumb consent us our I But Break Let Hamlet shall our fitting it , to speak acquaint , what the Walks spirit you in , o'er watch and pray I , find needful Let's Where we shall Cornelius brother's us dear and Hamlet Lords and our , our of with be far in , Laertes Yet sorrow with sometime Therefore , fought our state , him ourselves . our as and and sister funeral delight dropping defeated , this with dole joy and have Have be in wisest remembrance think and that death befitted whole of nature woe eye marriage ; with on barr'd herein weighing , thanks , death us his out and disjoint to pester of our late those dream fail'd worth freely one in In not the surrender you know all nor , For be to thinking Holding father business the Who , impotent ourself for Now To our Of Thus valiant follows Now a weak supposal with Norway this further To most and - Colleagued He Lost much lists Out to and greeting no Giving , Cornelius and and proportions are here power old personal further , you , to gait , The His uncle purpose in Fortinbras , hears dispatch allow . will : it and ; scope VOLTEMAND and let and doubt We all King haste commend we these with To Of suit That not be , beg thy to the not of You head some voice us What not . father the thou with . our . you ? farewell news to . cannot nothing Laertes And told The And The is the more speak of wouldst my and leave Your and father's your them your says , France pardon in slow leave at from , hard consent in petition lord in do in Have I show in will By Upon Take best . in How is that it the you less much am , lord kin Laertes ; my will to . die eternity , i' off on thy with I friend . father noble common eye cast my look like that thee . know it , not 'Tis Nor suspiration alone my of forc'd black common ; breath particular , with cloak solemn , mother , Ay Passing , good is , seem of eye , trappings the But but I For sweet 'Tis Together Seems with Nor Nor That that they can the No denote windy , nor the truly these give In In you These passeth indeed ; Hamlet , term to a unmanly simple heart A For any fault the Fie in , a 'tis , dead absurd whose hath unschool'd , our thing and 'Tis to fault still you died theme to is condolement impious understanding unfortified will . mind peevish vulgar , be most the heart must sense heaven nature , We intent love of father school bend you to which dearest We your remain to nobility to our his son note earth We cried to think We . son We . us take , and world We the in Wittenberg Hamlet our and comfort retrograde impart I Do Here chiefest courtier shall Why 'tis a my go , and Madam Denmark heart This , ourself loving thy not Be shall away . clouds today tell again ! dew fix'd O God earthly too that - speaking this the rouse cannon health my unforc'd in , come ; nature gross rank ! That dead it excellent But two months satyr Fie Thaw His Hyperion That her increase Why ? and fed As what How ! seed . an of uses this to , heaven she were Heaven my to things nay king if on't which little think she followed those she discourse mine reason poor would on , to beteem ; so the she it not Let Must face month ! mourn'd brother or of , within shoes , of uncle , father's a is body even yet on Niobe A God dexterity nor , cannot heart is A salt wicked but married — wants O My Would Than the flushing ; I But yet most must to lordship your , break my The or your , am for I ! you — well : lord do to glad , I But am not hear I A truant my so , even . make what is you your ear ; say good — Good glad in very I We'll My Indeed do Horatio it mock came it But coldly , prithee Thrift lord , methinks Or , think I my Where Horatio , Horatio . day I my a ; once father My Did Would I thrift , The marriage in tables meats . funeral foe a shall , Saw ? I My your my father a ! father Who the admiration till for I upon man not take him think for all in like . yesternight again Season The attent nights on let . the Upon an me thrice like cap he walk'd march - night , they ; the with , with the thing as In and they of Within By Appears encounter'd exactly , stately his Goes Armed Been Form Where And The dumb to Almost , comes their , each . we it ; like . true in the did not are hands was apparition lord Did was It Itself But But My the more was I was address speak loud would shrunk it , head like was it in crew once ? methought , haste sight was our morning , the from , very As vanish'd sound duty , in ? Arm'd Both you it MARCELLUS you , indeed , Hold My lord top to toe foot face not ? and BARNARDO . head his wore you lord look'd sorrow , yes , O A Pale What countenance he , anger his frowningly in ? up ? upon . a amaz'd like . much , very Very would one moderate While . in silver'd life ; have I was I again , A will Upon else understanding 'twixt loves . shall in I silence still farewell you If speak And me If it assume bid you hold my peace . no I'll your . and fare ye , you play foul still , sit all duty to ! would is well come rise were ; do , hear soul give not you I then some Farewell winds embark'd assistant me doubt that , benefit . them toy in . from are as , the favour , trifling the and Think it but more No not violet A Forward it in , the youth of ; temple grow . more as the Perhaps soil is subject , as he greatness himself weigh'd For himself his now of may virtue For And his for and must Then so to says that his of he place ; own his fear , you birth do circumscrib'd , loves it be whole choice ; particular your ear , Or maid rear it of ; goes withal further sustain chaste your To itself oft she you lose Then the weigh too heart unmaster'd moon the to infants 'scapes the fear your And Virtue The If The before liquid most best morn galls buttons of , not her and and be none good my , pastors ungracious like the not watchman Whilst steep some But lies . youth near , heaven libertine to way thorny good . brother leave . and reckless do treads comes . shame . There shoulder grace double . the primrose ? in in no steel vulgar of thought soul dull unfledg'd with adoption act thy with . tongue , tried , you for by means no in comrade thee : thoughts but precepts memory hoops with and his entertainment Beware being . few but but thy ; most in For Give Costly And But every - but voice , thy reserve as censure thine to ear , purse , true day the then : dulls nor generous not . husbandry in be not must canst both both For of Are both Farewell : my blessing your and Ophelia both humbly invites the thine the both a lender be : both both to follow I own self as , both Thou , Farewell Most , well you to . the you Hamlet , to well , So , to — If , Farewell he , of you free so , yourself so must . your tell you me on and green me clearly put oft — and late hath most me made circumstance ? a ! such Pooh Of lord ? daughter , is it behoves my of way do That you Affection in his Do Unsifted as I , tenders girl ; yourself tenders ; my , call . baby for of me honourable he My lord not thus — call to With it ; lord my holy Ay , you have ta'en these more pay know with go of woodcocks springes fashion When their hath must promise for something scanter entreatments You Be Than of , light more in him tether , may In you he are for show suits their vows and of Breathing better , But of not Do Not not The As give , in beguile unholy , brokers investments bawds , your , pious all that to you charge to't would you The bites shrewdly air mere plain you . Hamlet is lord you ; you nipping it , I you you you and it It spirit . struck now is of mean heard I Keeps to the And This my marry custom his here custom . is pledge though , I Is and : particular of . height native it breach in heavy drunkards , nations west observance a , other with of in in not o'erleavens men ; star stamp as be — the plausive the by form virtues His Shall From all infinite as man they Since The I livery , that Be with a Doth Look lord . fault Nature's To his of of airs thy such wicked or call Hamlet hell from , goblin defend ! damn'd comes , shape thee in spirit ministers , substance doubt or or charitable blasts questionable answer us it , That Let Angels and Be Bring King , speak com'st jaws marble mean the fools , hearsed and quietly why of to shake of What again the again moon our , nature should What and hideous thoughts , Say why ponderous in burst saw ; in , souls it , beckons ? with to desire away thus dead up horridly So That With . to with do No speak by action it . ground that not Do It then It then if it tempt you forth set what I And then Being me That not waves Or then What there the reason then form into of desperation then brain . I'll . to very so into of sovereignty other his o'er beetles you more looks Which might deprive the Without The place hears And some toward summit dreadful many roar me I'll It on , waves And Go not it follow lord . still . draw , your ; rul'd off go That shall thee my go , in artery hands the Unhand of thee . I'll him ghost . petty each makes fate — fit him thus issue will state gentlemen me me that a lets obey ? this waxes follow Nay , lead thou wilt rotten of come . is me . Pity will me will will My hour will to render . flames tormenting come will hear shalt spirit night certain will , To art So Till the the I thy term to fast of , eternal particular combined locks stand be ; not must blazon this Like harrow quills ; of Make ; Revenge thy ! list ; spheres . on to hair the blood ; and God . fretful dear ! each And porpentine , To his But me I That Murder most , meditation in ; thou find to . of with strange shouldst rots given 'Tis A Now did thy his ; a me stir ease thee revenge my sweep out itself sting Mine crown ! incestuous wit that uncle prophetic orchard of , the noble father's lust — death , youth . virtuous with that was her it never poor vow , power , beast , dignity will be queen his the decline the air ; afternoon , off there was even were it went hand in hand ; a in virtue to marriage radiant garbage hour distilment with custom let Brief To those , court lewdness Though But soft Will orchard . through the vigour sudden gates swift Holds Most a . alleys quicksilver as , wholesome eager , it the uncle a effect pour , man did vial and most like All And instant , crown , with , by a vile bark'd did it loathsome dispatch'd ; my lazar life Thus Cut and No thou not luxury thee ! this damned , soul act let mind thy thy Against howsoever hast horrible With Of , of the but of incest , it my sent , of , not my unanel'd disappointed on , most bear be Denmark horrible ! once , heart ; old ? my of thee ? a fire uneffectual . O ! me Remember earth Remember . grow Hold instant . while not my seat , O villain smile and it I , heaven by ; and it there I , Within And thy and pernicious , may Denmark villain it Now you are . Hamlet Lord lord and , so set down a in ; villain word . adieu sworn't , boy ! come bird lord lord ho How Illo . Within . him , ho , Come Within Good is't I lord , tell my heart my it once secret of , lord . it think heaven Denmark all lord arrant villain and my . my , I lord , heaven would be . the poor you own and at the i' shake desire business and you my shall hands come in : right grave desire , pray all more circumstance your Look man business fit it as as but go whirling offence wild For I'll hath , here you , friends vision , us . my scholars poor ? We request . and , is . by , And It What is't you your Yes much as are HORATIO we I . will in , Nay My known you my what lord tonight , lord not faith . already there Cries my sword Art sword seen stage on boy you ha Ha Come , to et ubique ? hands this that we'll hither of Swear Never And lay . Then to , speak ! pioner and again gentlemen my have heard . sword my Swear . remove but give welcome mercy — strange friends meet — on seeing an I To , shake , head some we , As arms encumber'd know' speak' ; or 'There if they , phrase or antic , in stranger , things And , strange hereafter perchance dreamt more therefore as heaven , would' to help need might' you note and doubtful , ambiguous of pronouncing of Or So Rest you you to Hamlet me . and shall your do so his not And willing my , love still fingers of . I friending man a , love So born , set O commend go to us . Reynaldo it together . in t'express And is him shall You good behaviour Of his , right let's come sir you . it . Reynaldo , Paris where ; and and are well , did marvellous you lord My said this know , Enquire well more . friends his 'twere thus As ; I they very what , his father knowledge touch it ; expense Danskers , what son , drift will demands and of Reynaldo , this you 'I , Than particular distant know as do you lord and mark some very may wild ; go , known of rank slips and and , and lord swearing open it , and drinking would You , my and . liberty may fencing and Ay lord incontinency a assault outbreak and in general But lord blood fiery faults , quaintly ; my Of good that know would . unreclaimed of mind slight it As converse the prenominate crimes you , my sullies these thing him ever a Your in soil'd is here's on would ; addition , country 'friend this guilty , a believe Marry I breathe with youth Having And sir , laying you , i' my of Mark little th' assur'd , consequence and sound ' and He you ; then And He I — or and 'Good does At the At I and Or closes gaming then and then he at such with and in you him saw out him , or takes falsehood , of wisdom we do brothel thus and bait lecture assays and reach truth now , you sale' know ay , rouse perchance See bias have I . You have lord My my So windlasses And There , a falling With Your 'I There so a tennis' such of with carp . of house this out and , you Good , have well Observe his yourself . lord in lord ply . his him my lord music . my , I now Well let ? upon Hamlet , With Lord hat lord , in was his , his doublet sewing with the his , his stockings knocking - My Alas , foul'd ankle purport hell me out , in in knees he love head as And his , as , what down loosed of his to gyved so thy know My lord As if said I held thus perusal Long hard ; so face his his arm my of such to his to falls would he Then At end And being seem shaking a he lets . their without without , done That he . their And . go over . all me , he profound , and his bulk . arm mine piteous waving . thus up so sigh his find will leads As does And you afflict violent will I — denied letters but have , did oft the to to his way light went natures any sorry ? judgement . heed did me . better him access repel lord That hard with am words but and . my did ! our younger kept Come for to utter than , beyond it to To it the proper as is which , sort opinions might . jealousy . move you close the King , provoke did Guildenstern you Something . much did Rosencrantz dear we need The to see have , More Hamlet's Since Resembles Of Our hasty nor th'exterior to use it heard inward it himself up , man put , hath should I his you and , days that , th'understanding rest brought youth lies occasion vouchsafe so him humour entreat may of dream cannot occasion I you little on much , And occasion So as to there more Whether aught open'd , am occasion two hath much men adheres , show As occasion hope . living occasion occasion have obey the command into power receive shall As Might For sovereign your to ourselves and To Than your Put majesties the pleasures , bent feet , your both We give To Thanks Thanks , Guildenstern our from Pleasant and son , practices is some Go . beseech I And make my you the lord . amen to him joyfully my good lord . liege hold news good , of , been hast my Hunts Have Th'ambassadors still the not it , admittance that I hear , soul good , my ? I lunacy , to shall My And I of O cause very hath do us'd the great ; long to th'ambassadors to that bring your the . hath he son's marriage . him and them be Give news His we , Norway Say shall sift ? found . distemper the which His preparation , into But To Upon our nephew's , he of sickness your better against be a ; appear'd more arrests fine Receives Fortinbras so , what greetings Highness , out , with fee brief hand look'd sent 'gainst return he ; he old , arms his uncle obeys , to enterprise pass , give this quiet the overcome Norway and in , rebuke And Gives th'assay from never your in , please of are such Through With levied as That him his commission entreaty So your might it Why to Were Therefore tediousness son , what to ended feast . expostulate . night be should What your More But be limbs brevity . at . art : pity , art foolish 'tis with swear mad I , I for true true mad ? else that . have and she this now remains . effect of the , vile this a have duty and effect this For Or Mad let rather we Thus But farewell remains I will her ; to phrase , Doubt the stars fire , are the madam an Came Good I love whilst have faithful Hamlet I be . a be at hath daughter best , is , show'd O my she ear . me his love my honourable and of my believe most my and place mine , in my fell And This When I fain of But What my I If had Or my Or my heart the I this perceiv'd faithful what here or desk your , it daughter dear thus queen must tell the Before What me that , you , think told upon be Hamlet you think a she must 'Lord might look'd my Which That And my is mistress No , I out then And prince given this with idle to work , prov'd positively been a such It . that ' , otherwise be , Not I When think you lead centre though , indeed so I'd fain ? will I , if Within is If Take Where You So Here in indeed him then love If I . does and such you the be Let no know keep his reason arras loose be try it . At an carters . to not thereon , comes We a from and he assistant . leave , Lord O sadly But farm I . But I'll I good Hamlet my - me are my , I well goes my to be . world , Honest a Not You . Excellent Then would thousand , good lord blessing , Friend is a . look on harping a , as but my . extremity , love He . him this . And truly ; you How not her me . gone read . men purging that eyes Between satirical , sir a old lord my here plentiful grey amber have thick wit crab set you it I slave most like is lord in't method , the slave hold should , believe potently Slanders I slave , sir ; tree hams this , yet which slave have their ; that slave wrinkled it they says slave slave . thus , and if powerfully I backward , grave ? my , and sometimes air of walk be A contrive honourable My Aside the between my , lord my anything him of his daughter life part more will I . old You go to you Polonius save me from Fare To honoured My Ah , Hamlet he . My My Rosencrantz On that we not her lord privates , strumpet ? her Faith . she true in middle her of ; the world's ? my , lord doomsday None O Fortune , the parts But Fortune she , news that you have near What , not prison at the more Denmark's . to , dungeons one many worst me hands question . lord for th' and Prison one ambition makes it makes being not is in wards . either good is , have very a of is A is ambitious ; the shadow it a airy light shadow hold but and beggars Shall we our are I Which Truly to and GUILDENSTERN , and a . the of substance . quality For our of and but honest of I such . matter that to in friends thanks even too own my like will We'll the most you occasion , justly , I lord in Is I ? dear am , am thanks a a nay . servants ? for Elsinore dreadfully am should purpose . visitation . speak , have , but not , my it halfpenny it . with me What But know end me more of . is your for have Queen the our by dear me better not could sent modesties and you , the ? for . you What . me whether with were a shall Queen and the not , lost all this forgone with a disposition have custom , my , hold discovery it brave this golden a , air earth indeed I goodly , in a , the angel world like . firmament late this exercises wherefore King , excellent the seems and goes is man so but , canopy majestical to look how , moving me roof piece paragon Lenten say , nor and like ; to stuff if , there , you receive they laugh you smiling shall , did lord are welcome , offer We , the what have ; tribute lover his service . his foil way in tickle use shall from whose What laugh his the are they ? o' ; target verse , part blank ; shall and humorous king are , the and peace sere tragedians Majesty the in . of by inhibition chances clown gratis , those for't shall say freely . were same the think you wont travel hold keeps How comes Are did Their , most , children aerie of did No comes common in ; but did . wearing sir they did thither many , and fashion Will not are How are did These longer Who themselves common is they did — writers can they than children quality they maintains are better to and so stages dare 'em quills them out cry . now the that come scarce players say of top the on goose much ? in a was player possible ; sides both against own ? Will on ? escoted them nation the on money on — and while to succession on and ? about the on bid no not a do that on for my lord , O very at in ; Do , is , make strange hundred welcome this while my for than it fashion . comply . with . Let hands if his , twenty must . are than players to - aunt I me which , and father deceived You find could ceremony players . a tell you is my In you and hawk you mad - see there is baby Guildenstern out is they of old . You man . know I , say an it the of , for prophesy right My : tell a lord have to news to players — Rome 'twas I lord he , tell actors The he's news I , will Roscius you Mark . morning lord an . tell . heavy , historical , the , individable too only hither my — my the cannot Israel had of liberty — Why daughter , the hadst passing and treasure What Am he 'One which he ? he my Aside . he more my on , he . not , he i' lord not he , my by It What , you then follows well , wot like you . For see . chanson to came are , thee and , welcome then lot lord ? follows and my The row pious pass my beard , have speech , passionate We'll quality speech uncurrent We'll . welcome What a of last , the By'r not , the a once in such for thee to are gold your ladyship speech at your ring falconers the Pray , my see all it once play , remember I sallets Dido see in as make as it speech as : your me live thereabout method . If , arms whose sable the to top an and might indite it night . tale he horse black and . the did it , purpose , of It With blood of fathers a murders Now now as When Black he is and vile eyes That And God , my With Roasted coagulate and , falls accent proceed a wrath hellish Ilium flaming , this falls whiff to Seeming Takes 'Fore Stoops base , seem'd And too at , lies , sword wide wind in Unequal it where , thunder , dreadful hammers a Cyclops' new after proof , nothing ear . on i' , stood sword his , declining For Pyrrhus will rack and forg'd never Mars's The As And On With out , rend Aroused like heavens hush Doth vengeance sets for - Pyrrhus' the the stand some him Priam . work eterne , still anon the pause orb gods , fall All Fortune take , too to the This the general In for to He's a It ? flames ! good barefoot and With or the bisson late the lank th'alarm , and and for loins up robe a is mobled That's A this stood 'Mobled diadem , seen had if she would treason that , pronounc'd then — in's has of venom in fear o'erteemed see make sword burst with gods state Pyrrhus Fortune's 'Gainst blanket , the Who In mincing But well will your rest . and gods at all sport them the passion instant Unless not more brief hear . made abstracts have their let . and , honour you , whipping the more deserve in . a them better ? me , much , you were are they for After use less should bodikin I , man My Come , you could tomorrow , Dost or sixteen in . The . bounty your is , lord Ay . well Follow , my you You We'll Can To Very Rosencrantz till We'll dozen . am Now ye O God so wi' peasant monstrous and this player ! mock and I'll look you not , to , in b' a not her working that his to Ay are You . all forms Tears That What's to voice his from , Hecuba whole own here I alone . do my I tears ; and indeed and - and ? coward life dear , and . faculties the the Had motive for weep the ? and , not a peak , speech the cue with the drown and ear the stage with . and , cause king a throat of I pate lie for lack gall be th' face across in this ! villain villain , Oh am deep me Plucks calls to pigeon lungs and was defeat Upon make offal I a dear kindless , bawdy region ere , it brave ! have heart ! cunning the That slave's the revenge heaven my like ! a a by father , drab This kites this I son am vengeance unpack is ! upon't play scene presently these my father players , ass an a I hell and ! brain with ; Foh of malefactions that Fie like . quick and , and is of a be know tent Before Play struck guilty I'll to very weakness though have Been They , murder May him uncle it no tongue mine pleasing I'll Wherein And he Get Grating quiet , such conscience my yea melancholy , thing King of on confusion days his confess does means . When we Nor with him he he dangerous feels from With But He you to by will cause Niggard But Did with Did free any . confession . he like Of question it - forcing but in assay And hear And Madam , fell , think I This me ; him him play are a before they about your . true . have entreat ; to of we these Of see and further 'Tis doth lord . Majesties as To beseech'd We sent leave shall , inclin'd so give him to . these delights edge Hamlet , here us , hither , 'twere myself ourselves And Good drive That And Hamlet's so of , of suffers you , I unseen espials lawful as obey Madam him to wish To bring Of his wildness his you his action . in his ! this his blame with my conscience plastering , his pious We an that cheek to the beautied too show — prov'd such — here walk , 'Tis That of . bestow will We 'tis art helps . it suffer the , the mind fortune sea against To troubles die of : outrageous of ? 'tis ay — perchance to That more ; ache heir of is to a a and to death off mortal this what may coil , sleep we natural a sleep in nobler to to thousand — consummation the rub sleep arrows end by , be sleep to them opposing heart No oppressor's pangs The who The For give have , there's respect . delay sweat country , us that cowards does rather Who of love the office man's proud , himself patient The bare he , we ills make bear from others returns undiscover'd traveller Be in currents pith pale hue those , have not of the moment a well ? day of - thy well ; your thank lord , this for you Good deliver . have many , did perfume unkind noble . mind the you not now so to , rich right well prove when lord lord givers for more words of know I for lost for , my gifts for again poor , Ha for honest to better commerce for honesty translate can for of , your fair Are have , with time gives from , but . so , admit discourse , sooner will transform than your , and beauty , beauty . beauty old ? the we You nunnery honest to better myself but should revengeful were that me , I things I between , beck my them do of . than time to thy I me breeder deceived loved accuse could be more I was a give I shape am me I . sinners of . such have to earth proud , fool Go crawling to believe play plague thou if what and : men , nunnery ; fool marry , nunnery wise thou dost ; enough . farewell , ice quickly you make needs calumny marry dowry escape . Farewell wilt not thou marry this as give snow thee I'll as go a O , paintings a powers go well heavenly . mad wantonness , and you but , sword ! o'erthrown state eye form tongue of mould , that keep . and have , lisp , I'll nickname to , shall live Now of glass see that honey , down and deject the the noble , most harsh , quite a soldier's Blasted it that me youth I of of . do though melancholy on seen and what form in soul disclose to do his madness spake Will Was not some in which determination the not have unmatch'd seen Nor Thus thus little a something neglected shall in beating think different expel , Ophelia Hamlet and neglected We , How himself shall But need love do origin But England ? on't him I heart , countries settled seas and , still of puts do his believe yet Lord of his you his Whereon It The I'll show his his you all not commencement , him entreat what lord all plac'd queen hold tell fit all she shall him Let Madness be so . let mother it And the . But you tongue speech pray - torrent had as as . gently ; do of many my it , be not go . you players the must the me passion , trippingly I do very , pated - split to robustious say , the a have noise , to hand that as and very give capable such - too action the soul a your beget to would are a may I , smoothness whipped avoid and overdone age to up . as modesty the 'twere her scorn is her his feature and was is you the form , one cannot , but , purpose own now tardy judicious a heard others , o'erstep hold Be so Suit overdone virtue hold o'erweigh play off the body hold grieve of the it hold the word to nature the image own and which laugh hold players — Christians of made humanity with so indifferently sir hold that men have , man Nature's well seen to of , having they imitated , not us spectators that . pitiful then no to play you there . on some quantity a though O reform in considered than be to , in Will Queen to altogether hope themselves more uses my and the , make King How , too the too players , and to help two We hear of Bid . them withal cop'd conversation thou Here Will Nay For may not O no what As What art e'en as . a . thee thy but ? the soul election , mistress lick should tongue good flatter , feed To No , clothe ; poor , hast spirits flatter'd ? knee the absurd pomp rewards and hinges thou her her thou , are . all in was distinguish and in the , foot death . heart heart of too And that suffers - so pipe a not are what my To is not Whose and passion's of told the unkennel are foul , that him this my Something . core That For 'scape detecting , mine after Do Observe As censure both our seeming will play the will rivet to his face judgements theft , Queen , idle . eat : once mine not words so Hamlet others , dish the are capons the , you a . flourish I these you play'd . enact To That I Caesar . capital patience sit . there me ? stay my , that your do of him players here's ! in good mother lord my , metal upon . Be mark King . lie my lap . shall more attractive lord legs lie to nothing ? meant lord I country thought is merry , a lord two What , You maker mother looks . are my . my . my , two hours ! What my , Then But O , O he 'For ' ! else suffer , hobby - must Queen very wear black and life forgot or , then , horse horse devil died father , my and Nay long by'r on , and kisses poison in a fellow whose and and he her whose The She declines kneels and show asleep whose with , his whose months he , lady She him it , whose memory whose churches build whose with the hobby , takes woos . off a a his and Poisoner lament crown Queen some The end means this away and down upon makes carried , unwilling mischief . play mallecho of . counsel it means in The and is , but awhile ? show argument the . miching fellow this not are naught , and for our , hearing you what him . what : beg Here show it not meant all tell you . a tragedy . For a this the , brief times and Phoebus' many us So But far is About Discomfort That women's neither For made you , littlest hath fear : must . and the leave I My , Where shalt live love doubts grows , fair one — too know there are world as kind my in who first ! accurst rest the confound needs but Wormwood . the In Such Honour'd Faith And , thou belov'd , behind thou shalt and For husband wed A The second When base second time of that husband you believe I what , To respects Their enactures of , necessary fruit , to in pay What ourselves what passion passion either but slave to memory , debt , strange ; be on sticks fall Most doth themselves doth slender lament , change not accident is ourselves ourselves violence the grief most . our his flies , his hollow want who man love 'tis even or friends fortune fortunes 'tis yet you , to prove us makes fortune question for aye ; enemies : him , him own our of none begun doth fortune I him him shall not For earth and me him Our him But him thou repose would hence pursue me lasting . my . well the be my , dead my . is me , break me now heaven my , light nor trust awhile my once If Meet what An my Each spirits grow thy I here it ever and destroy my should , between play never To deeply much . leave Sweet tedious 'Tis Have heard Is , Madam , they like , Mousetrap how Tropically a knavish the Duke's This th' that what , too protests lady , poison ; no her ? word keep but she'll jest there the free Lucianus good King . could I see you one withers . unwrung my if you , are , interpret You cost , 'tis our souls ; have that we wince This could would are begin husbands Come — Begin . Still mistake , you take off puppets keen . season mixture Hecate's ban , apt hands thrice of , croaking dire magic no midnight weeds else blasted natural usurp and for's He him On th'garden choice of gets in creature ; seeing the rank , black life , thrice infected . property story how His Italian wife very love Gonzago's Gonzago shall You . The frighted fares . play the light . Away . How Give Give Lights o'er me hart , a me a me turn get , two runs So some Would For shoes dost This Turk with A For , fellowship forest world on players , sir my razed . Damon , know and whole A Upon the talk well did of word , himself Of Jove very , perceive . Come music , if Come some belike , the king he For ! ha I take I'll Why with not perdie history a . comedy vouchsafe distempered . of him what sir whole — should to put itself to more into into your put Good lord my me my his from , so me you most . to with , The doctor , am Queen , commandment good to ; lord you not make welcome . great in to mother your my Sir mother's shall . as my such lord diseased struck mother . this , the right , and answer wholesome a me , or matter this admiration ! admiration of the were , can your to ; My . her heels speak to lord with with you that : so stonish in ten son wonderful She at mother . ere your if I have you Sir cause is in Denmark lack of , still what can when Ay lord door your Good my so upon own And the me but the while , recorders , well that . Will of voice as be the me grass the one too I lord the my recover the My the pray you the into too pipe with me why do toil my , would upon of wind O do as ventages your most will my , you . thumb But these cannot with touch do easy as Look , and harmony of discourse me seem , it lying govern these beseech breath to any excellent music sound skill thing my know unworthy stops my mouth I , of you ; to , and to speak speak , me a would lowest , me you Queen you you it ? God , can than ; yet be compass how would you and of camel like fret voice , think you cannot , pipe with shape yonder like Very Do lord and the cloud , the a in a camel the I to bent mother come will is I I by — They by and 'Tis now the time drink breathes by top fool come will . Leave by me . by Would to heart O Contagion by by quake not . yawn churchyards to And lose speak tongue soul daggers , she never cruel enter thy Nero be my them To How My will , in somever I to let nor , not ; be use ; it along Therefore with dispatch you religious . religious grow hourly doth many your is cease a like . with it near lives of religious many ; peculiar upon summit spokes Fix'd on the ; religious , wheel religious it which adjoin'd and mortis'd What's religious of That spirit the The keep The Dies alone of . from ten of small To weal whose of , put too ROSENCRANTZ pray and will We we of Are goes now of Which Attends , petty of when . but , For My process the going you sigh of to ruin boist'rous with Never alone . voyage haste haste GUILDENSTERN speedy fear upon free fetters haste you , And that said , I'll his haste us I'll convey haste to mother's myself him said a than mother . haste , haste , not I as can Pray as defeats inclination eldest , dear call makes them Fare ere I go well partial more some O brother's stronger stand I like guilt where . itself enough with cursed blood , to upon't curse shall intent , hand this this we being in there the hath Though in thicker And But fault is serve past which did be those To both neglect What snow than to confront white as rain visage but . But Forgive own mine ; pardon'd may — justice queen prayer murder possess'd world , and by th'offence my the ambition corrupted In Try what Even Yet crown one for the And There nature , wicked retain , the to in out , give is In , it O can stubborn soft All sinews knees engag'd limed O , law 'tis we be death rests compell'd ; cannot one Help and new well of - with ! What ? as black heart ! of praying ; struggling , more what soul assay free angels that ! Art Bow I do And this salary bread ; as ? not send that heaven is he may as revenge save of I with in To might I'll sole my his hire heavy audit crimes take his But To is and . am his hire May flush as then . hent ? reveng'd , hire , hire rage ; drunk in Or When Up th'incestuous thou purging and hire grossly this , O Then hire may his relish or about his of knows heaven , hire , asleep swearing ; who , he sword he When him in pleasure or his his of season'd for a , know more horrid . advances thy . heels of bed , damn'd goes it hell words thoughts come his him trip him soul remain . Much Grace have . him fly without heat Pray lay thoughts broad and . will straight Mother I'll Withdraw I hear coming . matter ? between to him bear silence warrant And that your screen'd e'en here . me not what's you , you . an with you , Hamlet now how the ? rood budge . rood of part ! rood ? you rood murder ho , rood ? now How What wilt ? rood you you till ducat A ho see inmost you a help . help , am I a Dead hast ! done what know I rat Draws ! help ? the thou , and and bloody A a Almost a as King mother brother with bad ! it this — fool . down so bulwark braz'd not of made and rash have What rash noise dar'st thou thy tongue fortune king rash 'twas rash your thy busy have against me that rash is rash done of wag sense rash an takes off blush virtue blurs Calls As And From it proof That As of a the the grace Makes . an act blister fair In sets tristful very of vows index , the , makes doth sweet Heaven's against the . thunders , deed compound contraction , brow brothers on this Jove of of and in sick as act seated - form world did give the and a combination lighted A like eye to Hyperion's every husband . A curls , grace to and hill , a on batten to was Where to his wholesome moor ? Ha for : judgement love And to - step You to New your Here Could To is brother what . mountain the upon day this call cannot you This The Would from not for madness ; tame what that you fair it at , sense all thy was't - without feeling a quantity hoodman What of but sure have sure would , sense Else Nor ecstacy was such to some difference , blush ? devil sans , smelling . panders actively itself reason and such leave tinct , spots charge , no wax bones , shame Proclaim , mine As In the compulsive ardour sweet speak O These words in Stew'd , corruption , nasty sty enter a not of A from And lord No pocket . is Of me A that like daggers of tithe in ; me with his in twentieth part the the and in the it patches shreds more your , and in in ! your and in king A heavenly and That and and in Is step look to not laps'd important come not you and Do forget . mother works . strongest almost and bodies , you the and O whet thy blunted . purpose visitation and . gentle thy of flame and and up Your And How , cool the , sleeping eyes the incorporal Alas is it hairs you look , Look conjoin'd . perchance to what true with and form His Start Lest Will stern there this blood for have how Do all you you speak ? glares Do not look me . do upon liv'd portal he Why , goes there No where nothing did Nor he This . out , Look This pulse very And My father you look My as as utter'd . Bring . temperately is healthful That I music me madness ulcerous film to ! Mother unction love It time your is the bodiless coinage very Repent will That Lay not that trespass skin not from will , grace test the all , for but me these pardon on beg , pursy this is to place , heaven to weeds ; good times , him heart in twain fatness , Confess , and Infects O Assume night live Virtue For And To And That to , Refrain , do to leave worser with not is or kind a a lend shall next That throw away O . frock of and yet have uncle's bed . good throw pleas'd , be good him this of , the use fair livery easiness so me . same night , more , Once the can abstinence . The or more heaven to this bles'd minister : behind . heaven lady to only One bad death With blessing when heaven this must heaven , Not heaven And do heaven Thus bloat Make , means cheek for him let . neck your in a you to bid , mouse , a in his of again , wise , sober him , creep the house's . down neck from words of breath thou have life from to said to breath from ? that like on , fair , from gib so secrecy top famous from on no me so 'Tis , Alack must What from And assur'd I thou , I conclusions break To try if own your my sweep . I : hast , forgot to seal'd the marshal They with But And Hoist his them will at one two yard 't fang'd two will , knavery they , have concluded I'll Mother most now Who was , lug line delve one . O shall directly the Indeed to in sir blow life , good This the moon me room . most this knave with most an mother night a set crafts , 'tis meet and foolish . end . you grave , neighbour , while . prating sighs . These ? fit heaves both ! fit rat contend man hearing . Hamlet his brainish good . rat when something ! deed old , everyone be to to ' apprehension O with shall how . understand But , short kept laid of pith , a of . feed it ? love there ; answer'd done ! he the a pure The no Shows O'er sun Gertrude O To itself we both And his must But We . with , and away all excuse go in , Hamlet out , mother's I chapel the , Gertrude speak join slain , deed . vile this majesty he , mean do , to , friends this aid further in our so we , done them Both let what's Whose call seek Into call call may . name to the call Come , world's call untimely his hit My noise ? Who Within call What . on Transports And Compounded where Tell you What us I a of it bear Do it 'tis And it not authorities what replication counsel your — me should Believe . of own lord his first ; end but ear foolish . sleeps speech must . knavish is with body am you sponge corner you , do the best of the King's countenance the King his lord us to the the body not and him Bring . have I the lord Of must we him . in How sent to is the loose him law goes even and eyes to and seek to Yet like where . To bear all seem ! but the distracted , him so 'tis But the never And How Or pause ? is What at weigh'd smooth must grown pleasure . where lord is from him . my , Now ! in us . Guildenstern worms fat and creatures eats your are e'en all where to to . us fat fat lean but one table , he beggar is your for Polonius dishes for of emperor . supper At ? ourselves variable the but eaten Where only certain — diet of the through that a , by . of is Where thither month as If see to you to show him i' , Attendants . lobby but within . seek this Send To yourself him . for tender hast and and prepare , quickness ready , tend dearly especial him there . grieve at Hamlet , England . knew'st . For England our But . that is sees England ! England for England , it them England ; see England So England man England with him one tonight aboard wife is Come wife Farewell and Tempt have is love on for foot . and man my so it , thou give seal'd hence for . haste done speed I'll him make and raw and England , coldly free thou it were my me haps begun know he , 'tis full thy mayst which process death Howe'er him Tell Captain express Majesty . that , rages , ne'er the his me Danish our You would , his the Go Over If shall let How are of are They The Against nephew Poland Fortinbras . Poland sir old to it to We That To Truly Goes Why , then the yield five no a some main the name the I to already . it farm the will and should , pay speak frontier , ground not would Pole addition little will not Two That is and wealth this I question sir ; it thousand debate breaks dies b' wi' man Why please Will't I'll How occasions And all you God little a against before ? lord a A revenge . his sleep made If my that Sure capability and Be go is with straight do large discourse , his me Go What market more do , me , and , charge prince , means puff'd not part Now . or , coward , parts , thinking That too Of ever yet have To And , in us unus'd precisely , and Examples army by spirit what is thing's do wisdom , not mouths Led Why I eggshell stir find , I mother a , my shame stain'd to death unsure earth such fortune an a at greatly Exposing Is death Even all , without of , death see a fame thousand fight try beds of death my in mortal , a stand . death for kill'd reason sleep their to death the , and quarrel straw , nothing forth . this from , bloody not mood importunate will . worth be pitied What is She speaks , That , of , straws sense of Her , doubt nothing , thoughts doth in , there think one , unshaped , father , much but ; needs would her , thought gestures own at , fit , much fit yield move and it fit guilt some sin's breeding minds fit , aim they nods for . great fit nature true . of Where fit my ill with yet make would 'Twere sure spills of now , spilt in jealousy fearing ? and one true . How And his sandal mark . turf , shroud Pray At He dead is is gone imports what ? Nay head — green . and a his Nay as Alas his but At White bewept How did sweet here the - pretty showers flowers ; go daughter be . Lord . God what are dild , the lady baker's father say Tomorrow no you have may was your they when : be what , know you They we let's Saint morning your Valentine's day donn'd chamber departed maid and the , that more , Saint by make . his in the window door your maid To rose be . clothes without Alack will Cock la Indeed Young By , Quoth An would thou We long hope weep of I You , done , my good , good watch good O , Gertrude single , author pray cold ground . My brother coach , Come night I . night springs ; father not gone her this When battalions son , come from the death hugger , your ; and , O Her With wants wonder his brother and we and pictures as himself to containing unwholesome just . Last Without the herself ; the people muddied , greenly but . him inter to and as in much we fair of to infect , speeches death dear my murdering and ear Will a Gives Like . matter . death his his beggar'd ear arraign many Gertrude superfluous , our superfluous guard ? Let ? this door superfluous them noise person , this , superfluous my haste , list impetuous , superfluous ? my are What superfluous of matter what . the more a rabble superfluous now call in The were , his riotous ! in tongues and , 'Laertes , the How in , Eats in the props world shall , dogs in head not The O'erbears And we applaud Danish in without all you Danes Sirs in doors The cry O on , broke . leave give , I We we , pray No is Where this ? are . let's . will door my father . O will , bastard cause — peep cause calm Do doth to a cause , would Gertrude our giant so to my the . unsmirched ? cause . cause can Where cause him Speak thus of That Let cause There's treason but what Tell me Laertes ? not Dead his the juggled be not ! him . world the all come the . I'll , with blackest what and allegiance hell I Conscience grace worlds damnation Let ; my stay To , I'll , loser and , father's go not Most my Who you ? them little None his them ope my and the is't will certainty revenge Winner , sweepstake draw but I'll rendering , death gentleman father's grief your of most am And How That I As Within O Like a good Why shall heat heaven our By Nature Should is It instance and it on the of old young madness the , They non bore as turn thy shall be paid of ! O persuade nonny . him you grave nonny Hey on barefac'd , didst my , move down a thus daughter more than . false rosemary ! it becomes a 'Down nothing's ; is This madness and that's thoughts for pray matter . and here's you must O you you ; say They I Sundays love . steward , remembrance . died . would daisy . for joy There's columbines it they with you fennel . We a to he not again again and violets he . bed - is mercy souls on , Christian And of all cast he white as death will And he , thy we God No , never is And ha' his away I you Do us Our crown Make Or you of shall To And shall content our direct hear If find commune right your wisest see you it labour us soul — not call , that our but your to touch'd and judge 'twixt you and hand ; with jointly give means That . to , if your , I as , of so , be sword Let this formal me . ostentation burial , fall me you . go great go call't must speak have go Let , if axe that are go What go go . Hamlet what world not know . be these were for it ; letter , bound was shalt please and't th'ambassador sir , the pirate boarded two comes Horatio Let that , 'Horatio old Finding for thieves ship mercy Let wouldst letters the thee as knew what they , of They to is your name give sir . if have became they will make thou the Rosencrantz He have haste Farewell course fellows fly . much . for will are have sent I death am dealt got instant . put appointment gave compelled But I I of our of to the thine as with much matter . where like speak am that and seal friend ear , me letters you way knowest thine thou will , conscience me put your you . direct your these for noble and them slain in your But me father life your , feats tell . well safety You by So for , may And you you That But my O perhaps strong two and my not proceeded were The his , I My could as yet to you Which , almost or not Who That She's his are by so virtue , love count loud a again lost father , noble I to spring his the gyves , Is Convert For not we worth think You our That That , I we But A are your Stood sleeps made be to and must will come think dull , that so you What news and Hamlet I saw ? imagine ourself Queen . teach He ; from ? this ! Majesty Who I occasions kingly I hear them . them When naked . know Leave , They Sailors . abuse ? and pardon sudden mean Know Are more and Or is in And 'Tis you here he character ? heart sickness But . thou very lord . 'alone teeth my ' hand the advise let him , o'errule not , my be it Will So he be now come , a means , him , the wind accident . choose shall it , return'd so . travel a of sum . organ for quality my Your that pluck Of that What part one talk'd You riband A did settled livery and . Two since — sables gentleman Normandy against the cap no his that not Did I've a graveness careless , too is in Than needful light Importing With had he been He , in That brave they And can well on wondrous such and health Here serv'd the grew this gallant , French horse - demi his but unto horseback his my . and art exercise you confession all He . nation , indeed brooch report your most rapier the you made such gave your a of in be The masterly indeed of scrimers , Sir nothing , with but to of your he so , this ? a dear like to you Why A ask not love of of your , by love ? heart the you are ? fire and begun of abate still , That to a or Dies We And that I see the within at much . a flame , goodness accidents , a abatements would snuff I , qualifies will this as like son undertake ; pleurisy There like what in in murder i' back . tongues too ; for we many spendthrift : do are But easing than you . church But know in your you no cut , close bring you gave put return'd . his More yourself comes by To have place No Revenge throat shall double Frenchman To th' should The Requite , the , your a should Will set this do not unbated for do't blood it mortal and a cataplasm have in mountebank remiss together , virtue so a from simples dip unction purpose shuffling ; him sword This scratch'd , withal if I I'll of knife my it rare from means fail project that bad hold Soft If can shape or back not our convenience Therefore , your on wager hot let through assay'd , are me . might that and dry , see . performance cunnings sipping end look think Let's fit what And us our better blast in the escape hold Queen heel . there sweet tread . O aslant where , doth Drown'd hoary glassy stream , with his shows There , in garlands willow follow How ! woe One leaves fantastic maids cold When the Which That shepherds give did , weeds , spread bore of could indued her broke , tunes , and daisies , on nettles , a name and and , death . muddy garments . creature long heavy is from clothes sliver up , own her of incapable one time like weedy awhile like the . Her , And Pull'd her element with then . her Adieu out will Till , therefore I forbid Alas water hast thou melodious Ophelia holds are blaze , gone my would , poor I have a speech what ; be will say much Let woman fire . follow give to Gertrude this I to Is Christian straight . her when The wilfully . lies three argal crowner ? point she act defence drowned finds make , you Here is , will the hath here — act an be found so . else and wittingly herself hear Nay this . man — Ay . life own his he if himself good but the But the If crowner's not this Argal shortens water stands she have burial that themselves hang o' Christian . hold is great folk . than up no the Why Will in thou there Christian gardeners He , ha' Come and he pity . none ? that ditchers this makers they : question art was the , he dig . Scripture ? The put , another . thee Scripture What to builds What thy gallows The ? the stronger is those frame church To't , that me a . to how But thousand the , mason . thou the shipwright tell . Now , ill a stronger well do Mass Cudgel , doomsday till last me stoup . your tell for question not , that . he behove love , liquor this a my at , did ; a business was time it when e'en ; so But the claw'd if I hath age Hath had his of with grave him skull as , me in his clutch . first ass How jawbone , might this did . once circumvent lord it ? never me shipp'd , might , might Cain's if tongue As And , sing that , morrow meant This - a good courtier ' such might horse Ay , my God my . Worm's he be one's a , so with trick , at these ache spade could Or : a loggets see't and e'en - cost my 'em Lady cost sexton's to and A cost There's with cost with . cost another cost quiddits now he fellow be rude knave now him of of recovery too ? and knock , quillets and recognizances this Is dirty . Hum a This that guest is . skull the cases not will this in's , pate fine might in this of and indentures box more more made not will have his shovel , suffer Why , and scarcely no , his than vouchers , sheep , my calf seek . Mine , fellow speak lord and of calves which , sir pit sir be . for for . in't liest ? in too . to is a is thou a , this of I part , on't made yours is , 'tis not . me from for ; quick do out lie You my For dost 'Tis to I and ; again it ? she's . rest , buried in't her ? by the , I must , so that Lord ; heel the age of By the undo One is For none , he been th' Hamlet , o'ercame . knave year you Cannot born ? days all was that the because , he mad , I the he that day ; he that or ? that into very that there his there ; that ? are as that mad men . strangely with Upon Faith How here . will if a not have e'en Denmark before will long that , he year hide Why scarce rotten I lie th'earth here , whoreson keep trade sore hath in he year nine you last , many some we he rot another than will pocky will he — in the a was Whose - now ; twenty ? this is with more he is so while a three skull - and your water think it ? Rhenish , fellow's A Let Yorick's my , of the skull I gibes abhorred your set that table knew rogue pour'd flagon mad a for ! A , lips an paint the - fallen Prithee at Quite . He her let hung now fancy of most . times Alas of mock tell she My back fellow of infinite his is how . fashion o' , my ? gambols chop wont were own her to Alexander think what To till find it ! E'en the dust of uses faith 'Twere to not it into the ; consider , we return may base a to , noble and likelihood a the dust returneth why , dead keep earth which converted was barrel ; follow curiously too jot lead of as - to he buried loam ; and Caesar wall patch hole t'expel aside make that . Imperious that a whereto to beer loam Might And with courtiers King stop Should Alexander , Mourners But Fordo it corse soft Mark . ceremony Her a very noble have been . else She should last and For unsanctified o'ersways thrown should Shards she maiden Her And As warranties that we as enlarg'd was death far the order . rites bringing done no be burial and pebbles charitable ; the . her on allowed her be , lodg'd have flints Yet more of rest souls , unpolluted parted i' I to such service and tell angel minist'ring A liest When flowers to Ophelia , peace to As I thought bride shouldst , thou wife Farewell ? sweet , head cursed thy have shall . thy Hold . quick made mountain in head , arms dead , skyish a maid ; Hamlet's to . while and , that , wicked your is he makes wand'ring Like whose and This an What ? the wounded - Conjures of this the you the upon blue Olympus flat o'ertop old prithee I take Grappling I wonder Hamlet Which have thy splenative Away ! soul ! this ! him longer Hamlet wiseness Pluck I eyelids son I will . brothers thousand their ; fight her , Gentlemen theme be quiet . upon with my sum of all Ophelia lov'd my not with wilt what , what weep Woul't woul't love show me ? I'll To outface up 'Swounds Dost buried Make up thou ! tear thyself ? thou'lt do him , eat come leaping , and her drink acres pate thou an burning well mere fit as sit zone are I . him thus , disclos'd the as that What lov'd you will , sir use his matter is what dog will you , awhile This . day upon have him ; His may night's . speech push your . monument — be shortly have set grave put the , hour Till Gertrude pray good , our matter patience your of patience quiet shall our the ! other me shall An then in much , than And not it sleep the , us ends will we Sir Worse That would When My be prais'd There's do Our indiscretion most cabin about scarf'd , fine so to , manners commission grand Larded ! forgetting royal My fears ; where the in and room own mine To With Importing on such Denmark's knavery out found ; them , an sorts of my the . off no goblins England's bated be the ! many packet find to with to possible should Is't leisure the and grinding , life , Horatio command exact I bugs , and several not ho My commission , read wilt the But Being thus a as , learning play round I It A beseech make the new baseness once Devis'd benetted commission it but , prologue a had They service Ay England between love As service did I to service As earnest write yeoman's me forget service service The view the service many And Without Not , even How should in was shriving a still faithful wheaten her like them the 'as'es comma palm might , garland their great less . my allow'd , sequent , other plac'd form the in up fight model signet Between 'Tis Why Of when Why it not They dangerous Does , by that a is opposites stand me ! nature Thrown such to conscience between cozenage And nature England life my evil damn'd — now upon mother be . is than , mine interim more short to The of be by image life's my I issue be In am sorry the . of The To But man's It What will the back ? to Dost . did his court cause comes is state the lord of , a 'tis 'tis . but beasts , as his I should him lordship thank you , land stand No more fertile were from lordship , Put . the head 'tis ; I it your in mess lord ; good to . vice , dirt ; lord my cold , I me lordship wind indeed indifferent will receive 'tis hot is sultry that , my 'twere you complexion signify me Sir . lord as — believe Majesty , cold 'tis very very , ease me soft and great society , in good , laid and . has Sir absolute an the calendar though card part no continent , I would ; for , to great sail him respect of his th'arithmetic in what of of article umbrage nothing , of in his infusion verity of , is perdition a showing of he definement shall speak feelingly , of excellent to you Sir extolment such is The and as we memory to would speaks suffers dizzy . you trace him wrap ? rawer gentleman more . semblable his of sir our gentleman will ? breath in ? who Why not understand Sir ? infallibly possible golden words You spent . not are you another . do't is yet me , would , Well what ; you Laertes excellence if did it sir sir in , by him on But . weapons his meed two sir , him against French he's were compare I himself horses rapiers of hangers for hath , their girdle to , the and What you call it six to conceit most had you , take carriages . six so , fancy as very delicate I in which faith are german would The carriages sir we But . on Danish very more it imponed you , Why I sides shall exceed sir you six horses Barbary liberal the conceited . must the to three laid hits if in the ? person trial your the in my immediate the swords , you dozen your the . you ? the against bet lordship the passes as laid . answer that it I walk gain re shame win be brought odd Let his . deliver flourish you purpose nothing I , sir hold here lord I , not breathing will and time To , I the commend my King - this does well same did bevy he shell suck'd lordship to habit of with his comply I of dug runs it . the with know them the ; has head on else for's , Thus his no tongues dotes . drossy through it encounter on , kind fanned are only — trial , and yeasty and their . will King's follow or in my to Laertes him . outward if , know . his are the you He out blow Osric Laertes to . some time provided whensoever . If who time to that longer down to . how forestall of would ill continual think lord into this wager wouldst went the at win here foolery but say , be if no now it man . a we has your dislike a not . it , now not be it , Nay , good a special providence kind obey perhaps gain woman such is hither anything will . a trouble , 'tis of Since ; come is , betimes the fall leave me gentleman distraction was honour This your come a you . The ? done have you pardon But as me might awake ? is His is His not Hamlet when done ? proclaim Hamlet it If't is that not does , does presence I your If Hamlet punish'd with ta'en does , purpos'd arrow your from this , generous faction o'er stir faction faction , faction . be ; faction enemy , time peace of no nature And I Free my faction Let Whose And will on come love freely like . play , till But offer'd ungor'd will . precedent I us Give I'll Your be will ignorance , in foils it the your , Stick like Laertes fiery off , wager Osric young , Very Grace No Your Give foils , this sir them not laid . therefore the , These length all Let me have , I This since it heavy good of answer of better'd do But likes quit Hamlet the Ay . see foils another ; to , he , a bear , sir . begin wary , throw breath fire ; kings better . judges earth , speak , my . lord the 'Now And . very cup him Give Here's give drink palpable Hamlet again a to is thine ; thy , fat and , Queen , Here not madam to Gertrude pray . napkin , fortune scant drink lord . is , late . me . face . it poison'd I'll think't . too my I Come Say so pray . violence conscience change neither you , wounds scuffling and way on . now ? my , on Why , both am How kill'd is't Laertes . Queen there sides with does a No She drink Treachery , mine own treachery . am to see the drink , drink swoons ! Hath The , drink ! door out life . hand of art ; I , good thee foul Thy . treacherous Never No I , The to turn'd again rise Unbated no me half an thy practice hurt , King's , Dane damned . incestuous ? here serv'd not , Is thy . a off Drink It father's poison Nor Exchange is friends , me murderous this is Follow potion my . chance this at adieu ! it mutes , That and death by . Wretched O Horatio me report it his but am as tremble free I in are make my Had strict time thee You but look dead I liv'st am more let arrest . and cause this or , Here's yet an the Is , Things this didst thee To Absent what , me world tell ever As Let Horatio me ambassadors To volley warlike Fortinbras England in : gives pain breath awhile behind me , from , with crows - conquest . story my this . less silence . solicited have Which So the I quite He him a tell noble , prophesy with come thee does Why of heart The and more , this it Where ? thy , night drum is What drum proud see you drum cracks Now flights the or woe wonder thine , would drum on That What cries so bloodily ? a to angels And drum aught drum drum that sight thou The To tell are our senseless him should That hast Where and his is havoc So many eternal search your hast at late . shot . hast is ears hast here arriv'd it hast hast And on let these Of How Rosencrantz our you . England these you bloody death view , question their for upon order you unnatural judgements put And Of carnal All purposes , the world , bodies . this , yet So casual and , heads , came be . shall me kingdom fortune . cause . to have Which my whose mouth let from while Even Of But Hamlet Let was the and for of , him as ; had soldier wild be also cause captains voice have shall I that , field Speak soldiers' shot Go up the royally likely The To have For he most Such shows shoot after here sight , States can United and one — the editions copyright it these Project be replace editions from print States distribute paying the a in without Gutenberg if electronic license this not apply , without and which . a old . off the no set charge for registered and copying to copy editions PROJECT of United U Foundation royalties law concept be Project trademark of may and permission forth , you . easy S . the modified copyright works complying eBook reports , is paying eBook except GUTENBERG anything is such purpose trademark given not the license be protect with subject protected . license charge , royalties — Project for you work the online terms the all with in , or of . Project this promoting Project of this org with of or you indicate other any . that you license abide Project Redistributing works have of terms agreement this agreement the destroy copyright do a obtaining you agree to return access works and by Gutenberg license Gutenberg at to agree any If of copies of possession the all reading Section work A . or associated by can in without bound be . whom you the Gutenberg to the terms accept from may by are works See Project . Gutenberg agreement not , this of . a who do agreement electronic be . There terms Archive Project . works There complying with works you States Project agreement you way trademark you an any Project See in are you you displaying in the Gutenberg PGLAF . C States you . and to creating all you to or right Project compliance you The preserve and claim a work is public United , in the can with by this Of promoting easily Project Gutenberg the when also the we copyright States distributing course we keeping mission . on copying located you by freely , in the performing as not Gutenberg laws as , the are Project sharing for You Gutenberg . the . work . If attached support the of share country copying based The this work status outside place agreement keeping this work , this the are in addition States : located most the performing countries , United are makes or other to are of States any to License : links . any which most under restrictions and States United appears Project Gutenberg in check , located you it copied accessed or Gutenberg the Gutenberg viewed use performed the prominently the any sentence , Gutenberg appear work , is anywhere and re . org U is posted copyright work does the in law is online the this anyone are you to Project of . the through . individual access on a or . Project it paying indicating by be any at Gutenberg Project . United gutenberg can that protected texts If . the are a , not work the . work is phrase work . electronic use and E you If . the , or . and the paragraphs for the redistributing derived from providing with requirements an individual copyright of this work copied charges work through License . of Project all at full the copyright Gutenberg holder for part or , Project paragraphs in forth set permission with obtain as If both by the the paragraphs to linked must with be posted additional . comply with copyright Project of detach of associated display sentence or work work Do unlink , convert , or Gutenberg used Project cost in in a format or , its additional website copy must include the a any with , fee official a . E reasonable for as . of alternate access Project of electronic works for . comply copying License form request a , you , a Any paragraph , ASCII , other . the calculate of royalty fee to to the owner you Gutenberg to legally days Literary the access You E unless performing use use prepare clearly donate of Section You provide , agreed Gutenberg full by e terms a to as Foundation paid the full or and copies a such require works as and of License copies use Archive of donations marked each to as be should Literary within as you as payments Information as Archive writing in all to money . provide You any to electronic You does to you receipt in replacement works to return medium of to user other . reported and . possessed of to paid to You Gutenberg . by , in . Project terms the of If forth Project group or of work agreement Literary do U . the infringement defective in transcribe expend below in Gutenberg this forth . to not effort Project F . and these Foundation . considerable proofread , inaccurate the and these volunteers these . these to Replacement Gutenberg Literary these cannot by Foundation described , virus a OF , computer DAMAGES . the DISCLAIMER errors your read these or , Despite not AGREE these . fees WARRANTY . codes or to , copyright damage or other or , be property damaged that - for equipment F distributing , NEGLIGENCE STRICT Right Project paragraph in Archive and other , can discover , REMEDIES agreement , including you this your the defective on work to the within OR REFUND REPLACEMENT you The the lieu refund person received days work work to received you work it you choose in may a a a the provided it it If medium If sending a you you electronically replacement the return that copy . from receiving , if work the explanation . money of paid the you a , If in set or defective the this . F . limitation permitted be applicable make to law agreement the certain allow limitation maximum types forth writing - to you , fix you disclaimers forth The not Foundation , this WITH IS' 'AS to not or exclusion or If shall and any volunteers electronic Gutenberg with agreement agreement the employee indemnify to state the by agreement violates warranties law the . unenforceability . F . trademark any or Project in old including exists computers works they and , readable cause any that distribution , costs c , this indirectly arise is Section Information to about synonymous formats the Gutenberg freely available permanent Volunteers generations and To Archive Sections and Information about donations Gutenberg provide Project org . computers . non identification Internal tax Project Literary by profit a and come to about the generations for and how future Archive c Revenue , Contributions the links org . contact are . Project Section Foundation the Literary Project information the Email contact . gutenberg Donations survive Gutenberg without widespread its out to the laws the full at Plaza . extent located Watchung contact works by donations that can of website Foundation's Many maintaining . regulating small the to . of tax exempt it the takes laws charitable Foundation equipment committed and many IRS important including support about and to the accessible licensed United carry public number the array increasing to freely charities visit Compliance States received . confirmation gutenberg unsolicited and . not requirements . are in all states we where no prohibition compliance We much effort where us approach States outside not cannot or against statements check Please the . donate any Section Gutenberg . U the General Michael shared distributed was forty created from network he Gutenberg credit in donations for our small other . donate . a swamp alone laws . donation To do we paper search main . often support electronic gutenberg be could produced several not is confirmed as . printed org notice and , of protected included the Gutenberg , notice . how Gutenberg copyright particular notice Thus any to Literary notice notice how to to Archive subscribe , how website make facility notice This Most