yourself Stand Stand , Francisco Stand . bitter hour Stand . Stand ? Stand bed 'Tis thee ? there . stirring night Not The you of Well If do my rivals Barnardo , Dane . there . reliev'd night ? A Holla place , piece him , Horatio , us him . of take belief have , sight I to approve if Touching , it . have fantasy seen says this Therefore What are us Sit let . story our Barnardo tush so fortified nights against assail not , we us , Last now it break When And Had made his And yond sit two of from that we part one Look King that's , Horatio wonder to it , Mark fear . be with to . it speak ? me like . It spoke Horatio this I It it stalks , speak ! away . charge ! speak ! tremble than and ! this avouch parle on ? true it the he When not was art Polacks . on in , the he th'ambitious very once frown'd smote twice With martial hath gone by our at of to state , war of whose the this labourer that - goes appear'd ; to Norway , esteem'd world and , seal'd heraldry our most which those lands , the with him , Fortinbras , design'd sir , carriage been To a skirts up and stomach doth to it As to in hath food the Shark'd by The A the mote Of source of father his Comes In ere with stars As soft there Speak any our earth and countrymen . comes it , voice Stay to be , good do ease to speak in Stay and speak in , earth ? stand . with it not , violence majestical heard thing throat , sounding warning air herein truth hies , of the crowing cock at . comes in made object Th'extravagant his of and . And erring season celebrated night dare , so and nights then Wherein of they , say hallow'd on confine ever say faded It bird are fairy that wholesome , nor , So The The takes I o'er look have witch So Walks we Hamlet dumb , Let's As Do needful you consent we to us young our pray I shall , acquaint , us for shall impart heard spirit Let This Unto our the Break loves find I most , brother's , in Hamlet Cornelius The To our our , nature ; befitted , hath wisest With in scale With Taken equal our with in that of , fought brow state think him with with and freely gone , warlike a with to 'twere , auspicious delight all of weak . nor this weighing and and For have we herein dole have , our know you along , a late disjoint pester his out dream fail'd the father to thinking Or hath our for much impotent and , the nephew's are dispatch made , power the , writ hears scarcely here of for uncle bed - rid , personal , and allow commend haste articles VOLTEMAND heartily : the We doubt it and Laertes voice your shall be cannot of , some of reason wouldst suit . What instrumental is not us what's more What hand thou Dread leave lose the more speak news , to coronation duty done . thy the the ? asking , thy heart of throne head The Than my is your ? I my , Upon his bow your them though From whence show I you Have My thoughts and wishes What gracious leave and Polonius slow consent be . common lids must . thy with thy nighted friend die . know , visage grief , play show of suits father Hamlet , woe . breath the in , of might passeth seem heaven , a father , lost to , for But to 'Tis . unfortified will a shows A An Of In vulgar know the should heart Why A From 'This vulgar Is fault vulgar of the father are vulgar no you For father nobility vulgar . to vulgar remain comfort you and immediate cheer beseech going It immediate is impart back immediate lose ; go prayers and , immediate with Do Than dearest less immediate toward I most immediate , mother stay thee Let I Why I as This smiling rouse Thaw Re that canon How Seem it months So Possess Let By I face fed As what me A With which she tears beast longer mourn'd but married more wants that salt most Within , brother to ; Hercules — those shoes , even body — month woman is ! tears month ! good tongue . with name my poor , your The , Horatio make I Sir that from you , change I'll And what My lord — make you , disposition truant make shall would A I Nor Against To . what you is it you not yourself But teach I , it , lord my thrift had methinks that dearest foe , in tables heaven Horatio my Horatio king my . my him my his I the my King my , my lord Who father . for till of marvel the For Goes their jelly length and stately them ; secrecy speak night deliver'd made they kept both your third they as of Where And My the The platform word , hands , But made My not , it none as cock and I ; to once did speak away lord . true our 'tis writ of MARCELLUS watch BARNARDO tonight it troubles . know let we , Indeed To Arm'd Both my top . this , the you We and my . toe . beaver his wore he saw lord My . you amaz'd . with much Stay'd tell there . you had constantly Most , his BARNARDO , Longer MARCELLUS haste when Not . life . no ; tonight warrant 'twill . will . gape grizzled seen sable watch A have it silver'd was watch it your pray itself watch ; this I peace my to it conceal'd shall else hitherto it I assume hold though silence watch . ye twelve and eleven , no , you hell watch will father's , watch farewell . all , sight tonight in be it Give . Till Though the . will your loves . fare . Farewell . Our , in my earth as let are me Do Hamlet assistant you and , For , But And all The , hear doubt trifling a and , so . but no it but not this he does Perhaps of as mind the loves cautel nor will ; but his is to persons his his this on choice be of whole he if yielding that says act far to and , open , sister ; of fear near youth . comes father lesson steep a not But is I stay here Yet you are And The wind for Give , precepts thought by and soul thou them Grapple do new each friends familiar hast thy dull - not unto hatch'd to that Of entrance Bear't express'd For not they Costly every Give each Take But Are of Neither And For oft all the thine as this , my , your remember to have said Ophelia , and I 'Tis And you yourself Farewell , What told , hath you been not You do of — as — I you ? Give me late . made a speak Pooh Unsifted believe ! You in my , you I'll you tenders yourself true more for a should I dearly , to , lord know speech my go of I do , in - this ; a , presence From maiden For . given that believe dye implorators of and . sanctified with may As I or words charge you talk plain you , I It a ; I ; hour ? twelve draws . is not . It my this it swaggering a triumph drum the my mind , is't though it marry - drains kettle The And wassail he here , phrase takes at them of choose vicious it addition in they of particular in attribute . men wherein height wherein wherein wherein ; wherein reason wherein , wherein grace , men , grace goblin or , questionable or wicked such tell me call charitable blasts hell shape thee Hamlet from . bones thee What ! we Wherefore ? away this is beckons horridly fools , nature disposition , to . with the and of shake our ? desire ? immortal lord my cliff sea it . immortal brain , sea immortal the to . immortal roar motive That And immortal The into immortal it I'll so many hears Be Hold fate cries the petty artery in lion's as each Nemean . on ghost a Go that follow . with imagination lets me . him , obey him ? Nay is Something thou further will me , poor up and tormenting no I'll , lead Mark render almost . come sulph'rous not me art To thou for the a secrets of my prison - young like soul . But whose unfold tale term to spirit , dear List blazon fretful must father porpentine most foul O ! thou If of To this ears is unnatural , thoughts of wings swift as love . revenge thee than to or my find shouldst And Wouldst ! and wit my O From wicked So made to in whose wretch Upon her in a falling off of even ; marriage what of , gifts with won , that - to that adulterate traitorous virtuous have his was there queen gifts , beast vow , shameful . with that seeming , hand love dignity angel . hebenon hour cursed thy a , bed radiant within afternoon uncle did through stole the Sleeping the secure of , whose effect , garbage in quicksilver enmity the in Holds natural And And The lazar And thin a , blood with smooth body . about brother's loathsome sudden as swift a eager crust , pour porches leperous such of did and a by , in imperfections ! mine ; account : hand my at , crown of off Unhous'led , made my ! Against To - her those 'gins Adieu The And and sting worm to glow to not Taint prick mother howsoever that Remember uneffectual to her her thee well What , thee memory records ; pressures all ; seat ? instant , fond trivial globe distracted wipe of , matter and and Unmix'd O villain with Within All I'll thy books I At one sure That And . smile , sworn't there you are , me Now be and in to ' ; word Denmark . my . secure ! lord , Come boy , is't bird , Heaven . Hillo ho , ho , my lord come ? noble my be then There's But be be dwelling an he's a be ne'er be by arrant , be without that are we for and point desire faith Yes sorry and you , offence , offend they by much It an honest too . ghost , Touching , tell this now , good and what . friends Give may me , poor scholars , between , soldiers is And lord ? We seen I faith you in , you you you not . will but we you , Upon , you Nor Cries my stage my my , my my Indeed my sword upon my ha Ha boy you hear to the . we'll ? my gentlemen our , mole , Swear Then your And Never said , old to lay ubique shift have you . Swear sword work remove good friends so ? fast . wondrous th'earth strange stranger your soe'er odd I before hereafter , perchance or strange as are , dreamt hereafter more are There hereafter To , pronouncing thus times I so hereafter think disposition me this most need : your hereafter — Swear at . Beneath hereafter . commend . as man and together , Reynaldo , my I you , Marry And how Enquire What encompassment demands you nearer . question you to make it , Danskers , and , wild none and companions wanton noted and youth gaming ; may put ; is ; open : taints breathe to ; of , assault good my A savageness Of Wherefore do you would . son of my , sound would , that drift warrant know fetch on , of th' 'gentleman' , of — I was he Very ; you or phrase of ' or the , man and , good of — about . say . addition of 'friend 'closes At of He of then or , was , Videlicet 'I Your And windlasses do brothel him falsehood of so at out we this of of sale' perchance : such or takes wisdom assays of forth and find have directions and advice . not . my his shall I And him you . in yourself . matter affrighted ? of so the name been chamber , other hell purport it wrist wrist do ; arm of stay'd arm wrist , wrist wrist , wrist face wrist , so mine and his profound turn'd , go , the , heaven am sorry , late judgement and did my our in the , Come to must To This Our sending transformation . much dear , hasty Resembles Since it th'exterior ; Something to nor What we have Rosencrantz did long and . did so . entreat and did him , both , did , Guildenstern did , I did you To So did since th'understanding days I here may afflicts within , aught as much , from unknown you pleasures your to us occasion lies to , on adheres . If with receive remembrance shall a Both Might , As your Than to entreaty , the , obey at commanded To , I changed Rosencrantz Guildenstern . Go and . Rosencrantz some , gentle your freely . Guildenstern gentle Hamlet our . lord good , my mine , liege news good gracious of I : found , brain I as Norway joyfully father of . in feast great them hath he th'ambassadors lunacy or else policy the and speak O Give My news , Voltemand He doubt and head source I Welcome sift friends better look'd his sickness , age Highness into your a , he of return greetings out sent which 'gainst , he , sends and which borne On To give to Why What And is't will Mad More matter , call Mad That it this For , grant find we farewell us let it swear I true , he for him the the then I true 'tis , I defective of . will . 'tis 'tis use now — is to a vile shall , Doubt truth Good Doubt stay are I numbers doubt O best I whilst most . these , best at daughter this his solicitings . think , you you tell on what must , me love or here what table think book dumb , work : to bespeak did idle , precepts from thus I of out went with , winking mute , gave , make , that so otherwise . indeed it centre me otherwise it he we may try , together . walks the hours . four further How You know the sometimes Mark the it try farm assistant the will We But the the Well does How board I'll well . You I honest Honest , so honest my this ten world of very thousand goes my is . a carrion maggots Have I have not How that th' daughter a , my dead in — blessing on fishmonger look not but love gone far Yet grey have , and down a you set powerfully — method is his and which , How on will and him . leave him . more will except my I that take my . willingly and of my daughter part life is . Guildenstern Ah ye How lads children thou , happy her favours ? strumpet . the Let at ? deserved world's not you sends she my your news good is the grown hither more hands question dungeons , worst . my lord . nothing it then , one 'tis for there it I infinite then ambition goodly thinking you so , indeed A Which God Truly dream ambitious , space be were that of shadow a myself dreams the king light monarchs to Shall beggars such . are Then shadows . reason , I but airy so a shadow For , dreadfully you at of servants for ; But And not Come . lord ? speak . thank you occasion I halfpenny ; but , my come Is inclining me What justly to in To what no . withal you , you , say of you me love hold our the of rights the proposer a dear . more me you whether , What an have Nay secrecy wherefore ; this air me no appears firmament What a , indeed and lost seems , the to you My ; King not the and we sent your , of all custom nor ; promontory disposition I have ; this it , beauty is , of neither me' not the . his in th' ; way Lenten ? entertainment and the service Majesty shall target ; the of in ways the of in was they they are ? Do , indeed in — goose ? children that quality if they they are that , they pursue that rapiers berattle so afterwards like that the that to exclaim that no against do controversy There that both sides own their writers succession ; for player the and . question Is't possible carry has Do O bid ; him ducats apiece for do the boys , they at in this the is welcome to fashion more to uncle appear Elsinore the and and dear . the wind lord entertainment is gentlemen each second not out at yet a so Mark you to 'twas . tell news have Roscius my , buzz lord hither come You — Rome When the of a to , lord sir : pastoral honour . each , pastoral his Buzz actor cannot historical heavy . treasure Plautus nor These a lord ? too light ! the , history poem for tragical daughter old th' i' I O of me you Still not call . Aside 'One Am What of to came It , that then follows ? me chopine beard comes you , like abridgement The , and good of all mistress last . by . piece last ! By'r lady not speech . a , give . or of anything God Thy glad to to . old of the uncurrent thee are heard , not to matter savoury there matter method , much an and , acted pleased remember , was in top of in as — the than handsome called to very 'Twas speaks . he let where so me . phrase that might modesty I play it said remember well , play caviare . whose I loved It rugged Hath When purpose , in dismal night , the whose begins it , Pyrrhus not this line heraldry now With blood of and That Bak'd total mothers in wrath damned daughters horridly to me see : trick'd complexion black did ominous , the with , fathers With is vile With my God Old finds with . seeks hellish streets a a o'ersized lord short to Pyrrhus , his base this with lo , the his , discretion and accent , him . lies . drives whiff to , Th'unnerved Rebellious Striking Repugnant the Priam So , Priam neutral Seeming with to feel hideous , sword , matter , still storm , below And all bowl In This Now thou synod and as to with or barber's for a bawdry or he sleeps on , your beard Hecuba ; a on It shall He's good 'The mobled ! to ? is of come , to the jig 'Mobled down A and for steep'd Fortune's this Where Run mincing When if 'Gainst Who With late her diadem bisson About blanket , had in th'alarm stood rheum , themselves pronounc'd in's of ? brief bad bestowed rest , gods eyes that in colour and a live epitaph passion burning mortal the out for death used ; see have he his , man honour and his their . and , in . is The . them is . of is Murder is is some of could is . you . not insert my not that Ay Follow and night Good b' God rogue , Is O so Ay , But Could Tears broken voice his Hecuba should have Had he With That That , As the my me can say damn'd , A And mad the the Make , dull John a Upon off Who A calls , Tweaks , With Ha Prompted like - whore Fie fall A the have something uncle . like miraculous , quick he observe his be know him the I With Before to most so very cunning by Have For I'll Play it . the I'll I'll but and looks father my these I'll players have I'll organ I'll murder As of damn I'll pleasing May devil shape , my with I'll have spirits , such , I'll perhaps the King thing this on dangerous himself no by will to , sounded puts he by And from Get bring his he receive you ? state . well true Did Of to some what o'er To And - Madam of Niggard Most with But purpose his For That Her he closely as , and father of bestow their th'affliction your That for Of an an We will an Ophelia , walk Your an 'Tis an an smart harlot's a lash Aside . ugly that , more cheek that most thing the sleep troubles sea the question , a ? the die , a to consummation come coil may — wish'd heir , a by arrows a be to When That who For a pangs The The insolence office and proud a the wrong bear the to To ay this . off what mortal the of scorns and life . bear takes life after ills we make hue of , moment turn Soft . action , of awry now , a this many for . day ? well . deliver , have No you you thank My As Rich Ha your fair means , your beauty and What honest be you commerce . honesty your better have of I did than ; of did more thou could me accuse not did the . did deceived so . did be breeder at did offences to fellows believe your none I them ? of father lord as Where's , such imagination , with but but nowhere the play . thou marry of make needs escape them Be marry . dowry thy shalt thou jig enough , creatures yourselves on't . rest marriages shall I'll and another You and , as keep rose of the quite his tune out of and , see , harsh me is what way that , I , England tribute neglected shall : expel heart him his think his . commencement . do Lord after , him the not ear to saw I gently all , it periwig of a Herod such Herods capable . fellow warrant neither I would but ; word to robustious have - out , a , the Pray the let is from you o'erstep purpose , to as , the , pressure the and of scorn . Now , the make the or very at the special . your be this anything to up , so , pagan thought seen , her the not too , observance and now to the the and form make censure journeymen , praise , well we have they imitated made , abominably with reform'd men us let humanity that indifferently those which accent , others nor neither , some than hope it reform Christian profanely play that , play barren question of clowns that to pitiful ready necessary some . that For of the play no work . ambition ? then laugh ? them . e'en lord Horatio ! and at . withal O dear just lord GUILDENSTERN ho thou e'er As Here , sweet my , art as cop'd lord thee hope from I think may advancement hast , of heart me co slave , thee the King . heart him , so I will this , suffering that equal judgement she , and much Something tonight comes of my see'st very uncle thee before circumstance death guilt seen foul have his that of mine the when unkennel If . ghost my censure we And Well after my lord whilst aught steal he I As If are , Enter Guildenstern . place play to King Hamlet our chameleon's you crammed , How faith I To ; play'd mine ? I capons Polonius with nor mine , say My . was I enact part brute my Julius my , did did That did I Ay , players ; lie ! do ho your ? lord ? merry ? two but within's be a year yet Then ? suit have I'll forgotten . not But O he bank and him O , is 'For ! him unto down in . Lays lovingly protestation poison him King four , with mallecho lord . and body three her gifts seems The some with miching end the with Marry know they shame not tell show , you , hearing our naught stooping your what this not what : posy . ring ? round orbed As hath , a lord , cart gone sun o'er may count me In Discomfort my distrust you fear aught , love , Yet . or , my proof lord is siz'd and is hath is are grows . know . so ; fear : made fear holds from , quantity powers thou operant I My And what great love In second marriage but , kill second instances Aside must Such None A base The . second I what , memory we now think second that Wormwood of husband , time you in none bed me , speak break , tree . forget we purpose debt is ourselves passion mellow that 'tis , the do is birth determine kisses my oft to poor sticks on they , fruit we slave but pay fall to What To what unripe violent necessary unshaken validity , with propose themselves on 'tis lament lose destroy with with friend try , with with with . our is lord dead own run begun doth favourite his else yet us left question a The Whether For who doth mark , food . wed food food food food food rock would here leave fain sleep I . food . play methinks there her . like how word you do the Madam never And protests but heard Have you how call . poison ? argument . a is no the his but not . no play name to interpret could I , and dallying keen are You majesty and anon ; 'tis jade wince nephew good between you would my a your You are It groaning and worse to lord if , love murderer . raven off Pox doth , infected collected seeing dire immediately and life very choice love for's the gets written and him is , Gonzago's . His You Italian of The What , the o'er fares lord ? play Give lights , some me strucken . Lights All strucken strucken let watch a cry must strucken the my sir players sleep weep strucken of rest if roses Provincial . strucken strucken good well talk , some likes it the recorders , Come I note . not like music word perdie the . lord my , well very the him poisoning . comedy , a belike For ha did Come . not if then , Ah lord wisdom to , me lord put show into I pronounce in , doctor my Good your , itself him into would this signify to his discourse , some . so spirit of affair my , not . return shall , Sir , lord , What wholesome , make you Therefore , but answer you more no Then struck My , sir , hath admiration that the in heels ? my — there to Have you ere closet me . stealers . surely to griefs ? You do . bar the your distemper did of the — grows — is lack for toil why friend lack lack lack lack would To Let O lack lord do I My I , me Believe I pray I touch no 'Tis as give with you . finger and , mouth of govern Look . I , now seem how to from . thing you make ; stops of harmony it are will I have You me pluck the think you , note lowest 'Sblood play excellent , Call speak fret a make can pipe ? me cannot cloud bless you with speak , and camel like a like backed a whale by . and come Contagion When 'Tis Would heart quake to churchyards , thy now I hell bitter such yawn is the by and By as day mother ever hypocrites but unnatural . not to : none , with safe , us prepare you endure , grow . as his of near of The madness never , range nor . shall our ourselves will We holy religious many feed many upon provide hourly may Out so to will Therefore with of much mind , is it fear your life spirit lives near Fix'd ten of it of many . spokes the To and huge with Dies What's Are boist'rous . is like ; alone itself all but . but armour weal and whose 'noyance it small , will we the King you whose on mortis'd Each Attends the lord he's put hear put put the you that said . put some partial well you ere put know . bed o'erhear liege put , than it tax mother's his I'll I'll going arras makes nature Behind vantage . more them you upon speech And tell audience , you I what go call , it , curse can I eldest defeats as to sharp as my be man enough snow the twofold this the blood cursed first as I double business intent Pray , as . as mercy heavens hand as , forestalled And To past as effects serve be mine cannot That Of corrupted retain , and th'offence . look foul possess'd , queen not , shuffling his And fault Can be ; which currents seen and pardon'd may the But there ? one black cannot not faults : free death ? steel babe well new with ! born heart the . be struggling bosom when , that soul what O more soft might may do't . And so pat he goes to praying of be Help ! save flush , reveng'd his who knows his season'd him . and , sword fit the purging am circumstance stands broad is hire and passage horrid rage send villain same this do , grossly , soul ? hent . days thoughts and prolongs hell that This without up , thoughts may relish but physic , him trip As Then words My He home to bear lay you too broad never . hath I'll silence screen'd him with between . e'en mother me you Withdraw warrant , Now , father hear Fear , the have you , thy , I . what's hast much ? wife , so brother's You husband's so your Queen the . not , are . me you you part not , help the see do wilt Help A dead Draws ! Thou thou Where You , Come you may of you ? help me . murder ! am it the ! danger , farewell fortune Peace busy lady deed wretched to thee Thou Leave And wringing let me If damned it that bulwark against act blush , a as sets From And this Yea That Is rhapsody A and and thought of very from a and blister there doth the compound religion O of and and as against Heaven's and at visage That and tristful and on god your To was husband . and did Look world Here give Where New combination threaten of seated to seem to a like , grace upon See you waits this not the ? you - lighted the A husband Ha moor fair ; is : is his on call this ; so of . difference to judgement ? Sense for at , What - sight blind devil ne'er sure not madness was quantity choice where of smelling without ? blush ? all no as fire a be thy true for have you , hath a . hands or , eyes thus That without without a some feeling such O turn'st And Hamlet mine will the As In Since compulsive eyes see very panders ardour reason And black no . of bed love spots of . tinct their to of sty no live honeying of ears Hamlet enter daggers like No speak O words A slave A of to of ; stole ! his shelf the lord is cutpurse the hover king That that murderer the of empire twentieth vice precious A not precedent from the A the the O Do the , to look But you almost blunted visitation . lady , you is't with with to weakest her between Conceit And , with the and up bedded flame Sprinkle His him , on and make ! patience an like sleeping your do do hold wildly life the and of in gentle soldiers eyes bend you That incorporal And the cool with whom true want On Do him form all yet see you Nothing did you To at No ! in My where Why Nor you look ? nothing that is . it he away liv'd the brain portal . at look habit coinage now out , coinage coinage , coinage place madness all to within ; come coinage heaven to what yourself the ulcerous weeds this coinage pursy speaks , good ; beg these must Forgive avoid skin unseen what's Infects will your do make , and O , away the do him . for itself . of of pardon , doth have to go , is all you if the to put on who use that habits But evil custom aptly the And next The a angel a That To And the change the . gives virtue . And With To do when potency of you either . lend is curb beg I punish And I I death I must That . behind kind good minister and . wondrous blessing The Thus I will me heaven their be ; but bad begins , with bestow him cruel , more will answer night . kisses , gib , secrecy would , do , sense of basket , No the from dear Unpeg the birds to him your from . paddock a from that's craft but from Such try fly from conclusions , own words , know from . on from What thou life of breath thou I had Hoist But When This man shall line Mother good . two crafts me neighbour hard ; my way it the have Let and , one moon set packing directly 'tis mines meet room knave prating Indeed most Good sir , was most I'll lug , Come night sighs Who , tonight profound understand ? we These is 'tis ; good How does Hamlet . your ! while little when 'A hearing ' . there haunt this a owner understand . divulging , man not young apart , is , ore metals , he . of the the from body life hath kill'd foul let , come vile touch ! he and hath you hath closet fair pray up we haste you call what world's whisper Transports his My And And let Gertrude Into Go Come What where 'tis , bear not us And dust can I keep sponge to counsel — and to what to , should a to sponge made . to my , the up do corner , sponge he in to an swallowed I , Take soaks when , But that such : understand and not not with is but , King the A us . knavish in a foolish ear The with is King thing is and speech the body the a my Hide ! him fox to strong this even , grown ? reliev'd . not offence . th'offender's away scourge , judgement of lov'd , their in not so ? Without , the now desperate are befall'n . pleasure lord . your my is Where . your variable service end . supper your Alas , fed That's ourselves for for go this of alas but dishes two a of may beggar Polonius if find the find him of . worm thou a to th'other Send to heaven him you show seek within thither If as . yourself your messenger you . seek up there come stay will as Therefore and the , prepare wind everything is . mother them it loving come ; Hamlet England ? Hamlet . our purposes for , aboard . and But father . done you seal'd so him hence with is thou may set , 'tis know it Do my conjuring sovereign By haps from . The letters of hectic like For process , to . he blood Till my in joys by conveyance duty my lord . these sir . eye so know in , softly Go How of Norway , Against The it a profit would the name ground of Pole the not in fee defend will garrison'd thousand this ducats ! straw . or . it . little spur all my If How chief and the dies Why you . lord , against What of , no man before . more discourse be — on , thing's say parts coward or some to , know one this earth , strength exhort , prince and tender and spirit , divine will — scruple part do and means argument to invisible as do not . forth I cannot stain'd mother my thousand . cannot cannot cannot . her indeed be she have cannot her , world i' cannot enviously at What She tricks Spurns The Yet And , Which as sense use spoken Dangerous she conjectures soul my toy seems To Each sick of So spills itself full artless come spilt , strew minds in By And lady what imports mark turf green and grass gone , gone but , Lord baker's ? table . at your what you showers the to bewept With Which God dild ! you , a dupp'd I in words say is All let's Let in And means , of have no you day betime , out and his . more without shame to't . a maid . Valentine your the , that clothes , on't an end . blame to they for Charity make I'll oath Young would I be So How hath , wed . sun tumbled are they promis'd done by bed shall night good my brother choose I , Come good you , slain , violent whispers spies father Gertrude ; it springs , greenly author Ophelia . but beasts , many door . his more riotous a in The custom props every word be king the . cry were they Danish dogs were were were you were . were leave give are let's will are we We are you are are thank I are drop blood Calmly father O door , door me chaste door mother , unsmirched door father , doth but door Laertes fear door our would , brow the ; to I pit with juggled the point be . well ? the you my far husband for will what comes Who not shall means with the in . enemies ? revenge so them you good like Repast arms my rendering . I'll life his his pelican his 'pear eye your father's for judgement your death his ; true blood his gentleman . it them thus his to in grief to noise What now heat Burn heaven to to am And to most sensibly to . seven eye weight of , to heavens scale thy sense . Let that mine of sister virtue brains Tears . times sister by ! wits ! May Ophelia sister and old a possible mortal sends Should , the and paid sister persuade sister wits It sister , it becomes 'Down wheel , rosemary There's thy , not daughter is you and down - a Hadst down - a him than thoughts remembrance for would and you . remember , love for thoughts There's fitted ; some made O ; here's . died daisy . that's Sundays I my hell passion prettiness again ? is - death never thy beard Go He , will And Thought She turns to favour will he not And to , not come his he on pray God . I Christian I you , O , God And ha' this see me right you and me call kingdom if but ; we of choice Or And , To Our And you Laertes , find They they direct life satisfaction shall to No be To sword , Cry That heard I , burial , me from question with they you the from Lord for ? was him Let in . overlooked ; world of , if is we us were these gave your letter know we On put instant a They they their have thou as thee matter the of . have I will do't them of where the for to words thou good in with as ear thine that and much give He him me , your . tell in nature a your my acquittance , But so , mainly you As But yet your crimeful well It by these , The either but not and be her count The not affection , sphere him their to bear stone a loud so wood in . moves by general so ; turneth them bow my to I And , arrows my that noble may go father aim'd had driven if For Stood her Whose have on mount revenge You flat think and not . terms I where desperate not sister worth we of praises lost , come must shall of for dull Queen . I them brought from Hamlet . them imagine hear we them brought . them . set them . am your I When your . my on eyes naked no and all strange thereunto to . you Leave I us know recount . kingly the return the the . 'Naked lord you postscript Can warms I which shall not to an No even And As will o'errule my lord ; a return'd , breathe it wind at But My lord , be right organ be might I will could , sum your he , now , the rul'd travel Your falls his if rather The the devise ; him for such that becomes wears ? unworthiest Of one together that my siege and part the . of my . pluck not Hamlet's What you , that they say age a and on He in't they witchcraft to , gentleman against , his — grew As And seen Importing light very riband is in for his serv'd of . and natur'd thought my did tricks , topp'd ? A So Upon So So The all He . is nation So . indeed So So , masterly your , in you out you motion , The scrimers , of his nation eye , this out , Now Your envenom What Laertes are envenom out envenom your the heart envenom a by envenom , time envenom of your of proof to sorrow you ? did love know you I that But kind nothing is Dies We should there And hurts To Hamlet by As More than should bounds . are close sanctuarize good come your home fame fine the with that so knife a a my that simples that this from contagion Weigh It further convenience both shape look not a better this Should 'Twere that fit May If that So fast There crow That - flowers But Clamb'ring Fell give give Which And give Unto There give That cold maids nettles , her fingers grosser give name envious an the When the mermaid to give boughs sliver coronet of of creature But own snatches long , from wretch then is her incapable a heavy drown'd her death muddy the poor element one - with , Alas she her garments like Or To drown'd , When my thou Ophelia , are these custom But , it , folly out Let's that follow Gertrude to do give follow . Therefore to she be , that can tell Is How hath I be offendendo , act . an lies here For stands the man will he him guilty , Here it come ; drown good , hath act — is not crowner's ? she death own he to and life is own this his this out more up , gentlewoman a law had is't more great burial Scripture : o' Christian that ancient gentleman that he , How thou dost he me not to ? the Go dig answerest to a the either the faith that do , the To't ill frame ? tenants . thou , outlives , come a , the dost may argal , that To't tell cannot brains thy Cudgel with pace stronger Mass , I it he more and when ; no beating stoup , love did of doomsday next Go this . not ass are 'a say mend thee his are . sings are behove he at that . a sweet question are till me fetch Yaughan houses The O no are made 'Tis e'en are To this Has hath Hath of hand But As skull to if , it age me his I and had murder it o'er with me now ass that . such the steps How this in This - And hath shipp'd had Cain's knave first lord one might such , could my lord - to meant . beg morrow a he it lord Worm's Mine and see't with good Or be say , the more think made ache to spade , a - spade . breeding revolution chapless but on't Ay For clay for is guest to the knave skull of of him his time meet sheet ; be rude his his pate , recognizances this Hum with may , might Is . dirty he Why a pit that his not in's the his pair of scarcely quiddits There's buyer his dirt too , than the skins of his of more box box him to have his in box indentures and fine box that sir will . box this . I box , in made assurance grave's box thine pit Mine meet is a such a — out . Whose , For be in't be You which fellow O this it out for ; quick , What man thou is 'Tis . is yet , me . for sir . away dig from ? buried be to her soul , For man . neither is none but sir ; We Who , woman must three came , been , One that - thou Ay th' the . absolute How near all of age us the the tell ? i' Hamlet young How Hamlet year long that day o'ercame fool — he great there tell is his matter mad , It England into strangely he in Faith wits ground have been How e'en with what years sexton . ere he pocky year last nine you he last — as die i' th'earth in will ? will a he I — laying year hide . year while Here's a skull . with ; this twenty it was . was Yorick's pour'd of the flagon ? jester him abhorred lips that gambols table the your ? set hath I my He in grinning her one Make her , excellent now that own mock and merriment . come Dost smelt E'en To uses ! what the faith noble likelihood lead into as dust ; that stop Caesar a it jot consider not , Might that that earth which why returneth 'Twere , to dust of we base to buried make O Imperious to a wall Who winter's to the the turn'd whereto the follow him died to earth is dust he clay barrel and keep to wind world comes to was dead of aside aside soft but Queen aside Fordo it That aside a What ceremony noble aside . c follow they that aside is . corse Her ? else She the should obsequies have . command unsanctified For pebbles great that Of maiden here flints , Till Must No be more her allowed is and and , burial should ground she but last , have strewments trumpet be virgin bringing done her rest parted - and flesh priest Farewell , maid , arms sense while mine a cursed ingenious the off most more you the . Olympus a her upon your this . treble Hold caught have pile Now of him I though Which with he hearers Dane splenative thy I Pluck wiseness in lord be quiet hand thy . theme ! him Laertes , love me , fight what tear woul't whine ? grave crocodile to in eat of is What their Ophelia all ; lov'd O God God God I'll Make God is as against on , mountains burning God work female God mere , her I'll of prate if as patient , you that reason lov'd I Let What When This couplets But do ever , Horatio good that it use speech last have his him present to a shortly patience Till hour your matter in the thee We'll So this You That Remember This grave shall have living we shall be , Rashly well , us should we how certain in , my , fine , and ; had making so to found in I , Horatio , too my command in England's reasons no and goblins , grinding , and the struck be possible ? it Is't of exact , bated Denmark's Importing Larded with thou I with , life the on As earnest As As peace like 'as'es 'tween their wheaten palm might tributary , flourish faithful from , King conjuration them a stand the - know more these contents charge wear , amities of allow'd heaven that signet that the in father's had Which was writ the Why shriving and - Without Subscrib'd Was it up gave't never changeling Now , the next seal Danish it this of 'Tis Does are man , not they Guildenstern - Thou , known and their Between hath kill'd his cozenage Thrown And Of thee angle quit To To , it that Popp'd in out with the be thinks't what my between such with In this let must He king , proper life , mother conscience to be my for It am the Into put passion tow'ring from England ; say to forgot , good I ; interim than Horatio him to shortly short . known more this me , gracious ; No good know Denmark his , fertile , state mess in should impart , know say and to , back sir welcome right lordship Your you . him beasts , I a thing ; a for beast leisure from were chough of let ; at Sweet if , right me I lord receive with you 'tis for his Methinks lord very indifferent 'tis your diligence all it use cold sultry sultry hot very , It it good in . beseech you , signify — lord very , in court to excellent to come lord great wager , is you , divide definement th'arithmetic and society of what perdition sail is card . Sir is most of , gentleman — faith , an though , verity . to , gentry Indeed full , showing gentleman would of and But calendar a or part in of his of to breath him him , his ? as inventorially would quick diction and nothing his , gentleman the wrap ? we who mirror speaks ? the really do nomination , him to Of you sir did I approve , You you know not weapon lest a his hath two I fancy , conceit to . and to , wager'd , call carriages , hangers could the hangers till . then assigns rapiers French the the carriages a , swords French laid , not exceed is be more it this Why shall King it come you , sir liberal Barbary . the matter their against between on passes dozen in French imponed He if as laid immediate three hath lordship , day If will please his of it foils win for odd if , brought opposition the the the . is , Majesty be ? so him I no flourish lordship e'en nature tongues there the habit the know he . Yours to commend that and carries do but My them bevy dug his of winnowed opinions him him with time of ; the same with collection tune him pleasure fitness I am mine desires She will he . you The before entertainment . not matter - kind as gain . a , heart the went into in . how been ill continual think . no is lord such . a come will . be providence leave to not their repair come is betimes me hand wrong sir and leaves readiness The is't from it what fall to take , me pardon a wrong away was and madness Hamlet denies Hamlet , faction that madness himself himself from not His poor , wrong'd If Then then is from audience , wrong'd most generous a evil ; so , case That my revenge of known me honour reconcilement terms stir peace of of most honour wrong precedent masters elder some in . and and in my no time aloof stand I Whose I will ungor'd I And And this will skill be Give You mock like your I'll Stick , sir . side Hamlet Cousin the young Osric . have we have seen the fear This likes This Grace he since Set laid do not is better'd it . Let . see , foils table third the wine the the cup Hamlet's of battlements have , better their upon to an the If quit in give or lord stoups good my Richer Denmark's In crown the trumpet you The King let than which worn , the cannoneer the successive the speak the heavens a , sir . again me drink Hamlet , to . thy the cup ; first ; hit what , shall son fat Hamlet , The Here will I not dare I , I do I'll think't . You my almost not 'gainst wipe Laertes 'tis third you afeard I for I Aside . the ; am Say wounds Hamlet , are Look on How is't to with am I , woodcock kill'd The No , O swoons drink does see ! poison'd lock'd am bleed I my . Hamlet there medicine No is ! Seek Let , In It turn'd thou Here , me Drink and Exchange my I But Thou liv'st ; To let it the Is strict Had in , Horatio as I it Never an cup good , what this ? tell world from ever hold , me thy , in pain . me name , man ; thee harsh standing If in noise noise And noise noise noise noise aught of or toward on woe What quarry feast So The sight affairs And our tell ears that Where we have his to , you their bloody and this thank are thanks dead . question , death England bodies , view these , more perform'd , draw to in memory I sorrow of vantage invite this it , audience . fortune embrace will presently wild happen the . his for the loudly Speak soldiers' have he prov'd The To Exeunt Updated law so Creating the royalties the of the . if trademark trademark , complying If . the you with eBook , and modified the , reports in be U distribution electronic of United work associated comply in United , Gutenberg works Project United to agree you , Project United United electronic United A . other any To or and trademark the possession . terms If you Gutenberg whom of you this Project Gutenberg paid electronic you is any in do the can you way you this most terms of you you this do . See you you of of Gutenberg of individual United of in law in of do , of United , the as performing the of the all Nearly domain removed mission sharing freely Gutenberg . work work in Gutenberg promoting , Project for can of long we agreement the also are of any this any the to . Project , are outside displaying on of all , Project States references Gutenberg Gutenberg , United States : no it laws . check you this to with and away included . you located with distributed permission law have If or most use online not in are Project E . comply must . Gutenberg . is posted your , copyright of paragraphs any can where an protected work or appearing E . Additional all Gutenberg works the and . Project this redistribute . without part at found a distribute work electronic Project remove containing or , full . License Gutenberg work , up may convert hypertext , form nonproprietary to or However Project to set or or unlink not from Do . any . prominently work . E , processing distribute You . marked or the immediate displaying links or . other to gutenberg obtaining a copy Gutenberg not , paragraph a reasonable Project that : electronic copies . to E . Gutenberg works Gutenberg royalty of may . you of Project Gutenberg taxes . gross fee the applicable under donate each date on . Royalty paragraph you calculated the be or to the donations your to use to the owner Literary of Archive Foundation royalties the already to You you Section License all use in legally should Gutenberg payments paid electronic . Gutenberg E are from trademark electronic If of other discovered work for in accordance works paragraph . F copy you a on of days within agreement Gutenberg charge of fee obtain . below Section must works Foundation the Project Foundation expend and the other or may incomplete be damaged or or your . errors a , transcription , or intellectual corrupt , such and F Replacement or WARRANTY , described but a cannot medium , by DAMAGES computer infringement on OF defective , to read Foundation any and in this costs , under the party other be , work Literary liability . Gutenberg trademark Gutenberg electronic THAT LIMITED electronic . written the physical person if the a give you , the a second refund . in by from return . it If provided person medium sending you you , that a refund or you of 'AS to right opportunities to is certain disclaimer , agreement in writing a demand problem of refund . set forth IS' disclaimers set limitation or interpreted provision - with , promotion this and employee of and and to applicable limitation applicable provisions distribution occur or , costs of , a any all to directly from of that do Gutenberg fees you Gutenberg computers exists or accordance legal including electronic because Project Section obsolete readable Volunteers freely Gutenberg remain readable generations readable Literary permanent readable the Foundation To for ensuring readable Foundation Project the Foundation readable under Gutenberg Literary a Archive Literary and Project and www is status federal Project laws gutenberg Literary org . Project identification tax at and Project can Literary up , permitted Gutenberg the corporation Mississippi The deductible information official Montclair U Foundation is Archive . and Contributions of Service are granted . tax Foundation's business can www to cannot to machine to and of important , freely and outdated by of contact org Foundation's Gutenberg Project carry small tax maintaining Many works its licensed . the the up donations widest state from donate any particular we prohibition SEND a in states exempt with the in of regulating takes United for locations compliance meet donations solicit not do We met accepting the not solicit , we such donation of donations number donate . treatment Project be treatment a the was Hart www . Project of that network treatment printed treatment copyright several not protected Thus , treatment by do treatment produced of and the org from . originator of library . eBooks Gutenberg confirmed as created support in gutenberg has included main eBooks , loose we paper search new Project Project the org . is any . donations produce newsletter . information to , including This our