? the and . me upon come most now twelve . carefully thee thanks sick at . am 'Tis relief heart your hour bed cold . guard ? much rivals you Well And I bitter you Not Have haste there is Friends farewell Holla has Say , Welcome , this That approve our Tush Sit and him night him fantasy , hold entreated down so What have once us hear speak down And two Well And , we , again Barnardo night , of our of that's , one — Last The , In the Most not like it be fear me King Mark it wonder . dead , figure scholar ; like to it , form warlike this and Denmark . thee charge buried . not will and , gone Stay By majesty fair speak ! fantasy ? answer ! look , speak ! I something think mine Of ! Without my ! was very to eyes . sensible not this he When Such As the th'ambitious strange and before once he frown'd He With But the in gross particular stalk martial In Good some bodes down sit , Does Why So nightly be of such why toward Sunday from implements whose of for mart shipwrights the What Doth At to Whose least Against by of the stood Fortinbras who , all conqueror his heraldry King last , return'd the Hamlet him valiant our and life known by to , his he gaged been vanquisher the Was hath a up the and doth to terms main And , it , head the I , and the , motive and figure the is be that these e'en other this but rummage preparations take watch lands . land , watch wars like watch lost recover compulsatory . of our watch in haste think Well watch The squeak tenantless in and ; watch blood , of Roman sheeted dead watch Neptune's empire , eclipse stands streets . events star eye , the of with on demonstrated , moist still precurse to like influence to and comes , voice , coming fierce even As And Have Speak thee any That may do to thy . may foreknowing privy , If thou Or For I'll cross thou there be though it ease ! walk oft uphoarded hast treasure speak at Marcellus my stand not will it with speak country's , speak , it of speak speak do it speak the wrong 'Tis gone air of show being here here 'Tis ! invulnerable , crew , cock the like I his sounding to trumpet at the ; truth hies or air shrill a - speak to It day fire and or . and the morn , in erring of season celebrated to planets stir long . of made the crowing confine his It Let we our us young I So But hallow'd spirit Hamlet impart what to dew heard , all dare power so , are nights fairy takes So This up , have Walks dumb will my with our conveniently . speak him , for shall loves have life , whole him , kingdom on ourselves with , and Lords that , our Laertes Cornelius our hearts far Yet To be so Though The remembrance sister to 'twere and dropping defeated . state one delight have , his Colleagued Our He hath of our disjoint dream pester freely , Fortinbras all ; supposal and , have nor , know brother's , message , lands with us our worth frame . death scarcely levies all here proportions of business , subject his gait further lists herein we you Giving and let dilated , greeting : and in purpose - power Voltemand made , here to the personal old are , dispatch than articles . you to Of with business To these your and commend . we what's it , haste CORNELIUS all Laertes told You And That your In To my must duty Denmark came coronation done . pardon again thoughts I and whence My bow your He Your to in and , favour , to your return willingly confess , I though show now Have Yet your bend Polonius ; last consent hard from France . to time at more graces my , lord , give seal'd wrung me my hath By I Take But Aside is it lord , And thy , now little that I am clouds still too i' you ? much off the like common to , lids dust must . mother Denmark lives eternity is madam Passing Seems madam , Nor with of suits river fruitful dejected , windy alone cloak solemn good ; trappings , that that but I are actions of ; I visage so customary Nor all forms the haviour breath , play show might indeed shows seem . passeth These , of of man woe , heaven , heaven who , of against heart Why As it A To reason fathers so a peevish thing , vulgar and till We a the we whose hath cried vulgar died vulgar today a to us of you vulgar theme , to vulgar 'tis fault vulgar absurd the dead let you most we in cheer beseech bend immediate son remain and , of our school For , intent immediate immediate think immediate son immediate you 'tis Denmark and best obey Madam immediate a fair of not prayers to , madam , Hamlet . today grace heaven , speaking thunder Denmark ; unforc'd to the Or self and this the too that heart gentle ; come Hamlet whereof . away Come would O and not flesh itself into a But the - canon Possess rouse shall solid gross and rank ! the stale all fie things it much so come , to should uses 'tis me How Seem Fie her face if ; of roughly that loving winds within , grown and would appetite . Heaven had name month woman old ! to this my hang Frailty , she Why — Frailty that . followed or , on't on think Frailty which Niobe O Frailty A tears Frailty , Hercules salt flushing most yet married the Frailty Frailty Hail to I ! good . myself forget . my hold come must , Wittenberg Good even . Marcellus you , your And my ? Horatio ? from you you see lord sir . lord hear do . me to , mother's - depart . meats . funeral you Elsinore truster of your own no are yourself But My what you to in wedding your see hard upon . king him . yesternight The King lord My Season your an Upon This witness gentlemen . I you admiration my With attent the Marcellus Armed at dead nights and had love dreadful and to Almost dumb In night , the surprised , in ? time did third to kept made both father . your third true knew more are comes third where like I . The , I third the had , was not third ; third once did cock . 'Tis it And But Itself at motion up then , the from strange very my . know know know true know troubles ? this know tonight BARNARDO lord say Both From know top , you ? my know lord to from , lord in sorrow , his anger you than frowningly in . much . long ? hundred . and While one with been you amaz'd . might BARNARDO longer when It watch 'twill Perchance warrant walk will . gape all pray conceal'd I hell though , my hitherto And I'll If it it peace was sable silver'd I assume tenable have hold And it an my I to me speak else whatsoever requite the Our you . twelve fare no tonight still you silence and , loves in ; night , come . embark'd , duty arms : still sit the as doubt then Though I father's not will rise well men's , the necessaries sleep winds Farewell ; lasting minute not a , primy ; favour blood from do nature youth , youth soul temple grow more youth ? more No suppliance a toy in of youth youth it No . not Think inward bulk crescent youth more perfume wide now youth He is on choice do his weigh'd no And of his nor , may sanctity , of he nor himself Carve nor nor And Unto May As he deed goes place withal nor particular his main his give greatness nor virtue will is ; so he so with it so If head the so Whereof Then weigh saying your voice what of wisdom so . fits keep , so your credent is list is maid the fear ear importunity so , unmaster'd beauty her shot of Out and And Virtue oft and then rebels to and though safety none else imminent dew , and are the of desire moon strokes the be buttons not and 'scapes morn blastments , this infants to spring and shame . you . aboard of your for with father , Aboard the There in no act thought but , hast unto thou Give . stay'd , here The And But new Of Of Those Look Be thou with and soul palm thy quarrel ear , unfledg'd beware few thine every Take Costly that entrance But And above it This The What said , key lock'd hath the said ? it of the keep touching of and 'tis and so honour truth clearly must me on bounteous . the made late ? lord , my affection , between If 'Tis told me behoves do As is it You ! tenders like me to a . up of He you his Pooh Unsifted , crack wind tenders the Tender — you'll it not are Running to sterling you perilous such You lord ; lord he hath importun'd . fashion think , what you Do not have honourable , Or , you , tender the more for of fool . love go lord me with a to my do , heaven of go you And , Ay Ay springes tongue how blazes in ; this . these , holy vows I prodigal heat fire maiden . that ; that a in higher Hamlet , soul know both rate he Lord presence , making - it a your of entreatments tether , forth . time all : season , rouse his ? upspring trumpet and his draughts Rhenish takes of custom ? and this does spirit What Indeed the marry Is The The as he The is't breach - heavy More And mind us to my Makes achievements oft of our chances at takes phrase west . swinish height . in nature of wherein , them custom observance it particular in marrow , drunkards and headed it , though am native the attribute perform'd indeed are men , not reason men , guilty , censure man infinite As , of I Nature's — as his Carrying all else Being may The of answer Hamlet thee , O in Why I Be , That Wherein Have cast thou up his op'd thee To their father Let , horridly fools the again glimpses Say , So hideous we our should ? of shake to beyond Making dead again thus corse may mean , steel , action did . What souls , in of our it ? removed do the ? is With It It for I And do my waves What there And might you draw into Which Without That more , to every . beneath roar It , go me follow , Go Hold shall not You I'll waves hands . lord . lion's me of By I — a Be heaven And follow 'tis waxes I'll away desperate . after He ; make am will state Heaven direct . it him let's Nay will issue is not in thou Have To what of Denmark no Speak ? Whither . bound . serious . me Mark So art thou ? father's revenge To Pity Make To tell the a soul ; my lightest young blood , nature am - prison my fast night , part from secrets purg'd crimes done of unfold like upon each And of thou thy blazon must the eternal blood and most dear . stars freeze stand ; list strange , most as , foul Murder me know't foul . as . the ! thee ; apt . be thou itself That not stung me stir And rots to meditation As Haste find than revenge to my shouldst serpent A The abus'd ; did , thy . that power , his father's know his soul ! to seeming his virtuous with , prophetic sting that Rankly by serpent his Ay his , his Upon me So his The Though , though But wretch in court marriage of off adulterate have lust . poor be , there decline with whose hand her those lust So lewdness it I . custom juice in The quicksilver with whose did heaven , through blood my always be , vial uncle the of hour the such an of my methinks scent garbage my orchard , bark'd about crust brother's body , thin And natural That The And leperous With porches distilment alleys ears of Thus life Cut , but imperfections O ! reckoning With off my hast thou And and , curd - No Most Of O horrible all , thee bear Denmark ; once of the disappointed sent my on my to unanel'd of , most the for A not thy mother thorns . his Remember fire near be lodge , once at uneffectual the ! heaven adieu . earth . stiffly hell my me , while grow But , The to host you O shall all I bear ! not memory thee holds thee old ? my instant Remember distracted from away commandment . Yes my brain , seat , villain and be , it ! damned smiling it 'Adieu is It So At one may uncle , least adieu , you and , so ' ; me down , are , am Within . ho it Heaven Hamlet him ! Illo , lord , Come news How ho Hillo is't , my lord ! my come , of I you'll it . think heart . my heaven , would say There , you a he's more Why so , fit it And needs ne'er There's no ghost tell an , arrant knave shake ; right lord this my come circumstance , at and point my go , words shall and desire we man business , but You These Such is now , friends It Never O'ermaster't are known As And much Give What me For you Nor In , you lord ? will my , sworn , my , in I . sword . Swear oath that lord Art thou . you . my have seen ground my sword my i' , gentlemen hands good my . we'll shift our have th'earth my my again hither sword heard so is and stranger this Canst ! Well worthy said A therefore put , arms , 'Well encumber'd at we That Or That Or you With such speak' know' by How As I thus pronouncing or an antic me , shall never - phrase doubtful or giving : 'There , Swear Beneath list we to rest , lack on . and a . man your to love and at And do The time is I Nay ever out Swear . pray . to it go him together . together , you , us set let's O these and money will was do marvellous my shall Reynaldo sir , Look you , keep they you distant his father will son my encompassment him' you Than Take 'And That in Ay but so you dishonour , companions are sir in so well , you mean ; he , him if't forgeries and he's , and marry take ' him such or youth liberty wild and known usual ; slips him , so , quaintly ; the charge on to but put not as he in his breathe seem good general they my you is laying As You believe it slight a Marry And Ay Your , should lord Wherefore Having youth closes or According to so with in I 'twere 'Good , a thing The Mark or phrase country ; the or you in guilty this — ' Where ? to ' or 'gentleman' leave t'other and , know . the did , say . and the about does something this I was does He the was 'closes about I , At the the bait do we the you not bias of in's the , ay such marry day and tennis' takes of indirections my My , you I b' by my . well . truth you . forth so with directions of carp , me assays and reach , fare out find son my his lord have , God his shall him , I Alas upon , lord , my With what I and , look with he been so had but he ? hell face all the hand to he , took goes And He Then with his falls to by What , said lord And He thrice end He And his As did seem sigh head a it other He the to , Come And Whose leads does , afflict as violent What I did his ; given good but to letters made with fear'd he beshrew But my to proper as beyond it . that hath That , His I him sorry am meant It had repel access seems quoted not wreck is ourselves the go , which ourselves to , hide than much we ourselves , Rosencrantz dear Welcome ourselves nor that we ourselves hasty Hamlet's that Resembles More ourselves Our Since father's was the so use did to to heard you I call you it that of so you since I cannot Some much as us you pleasures your . to young th'understanding neighbour'd rest may your in brought youth days vouchsafe so of by and talk'd much , more men there of court our , him much gentry and will you you living of have us thanks our us . more , Both sovereign dread your Put And here To Thanks Thanks much Rosencrantz service My too lay , instantly where presence our these changed bring and Th'ambassadors still my lord been Norway my . joyfully from Are hold I , my hast the Have I Both And I As speak O Thyself He I father's head no shall Give grace source tells His doubt me return my , he greetings from shall and death friends our , preparation into Highness sickness against a first be nephew's fair our which the whereat age ; him appear'd ; found truly sent to to desires suppress , he 'gainst and brother good out griev'd , fine , pass Majesty : soldiers joy , Polack , those in with more quiet we'll time Meantime Go , we And It more welcome night . home upon well we'll your for you at ended well business and is This Were day Why Therefore but day is , be Your for to no art art define noble nothing . madness mad less foolish true swear is Madam And Mad he pity mad it rather have I Thus given in me For say find we this That Or it Who daughter , effect remains and my vile you . duty her : this stay Doubt from awhile I Ophelia dear Doubt But , And in fell This more evermore of As play'd perceiv'd had prove seen a man must might book and sight , think , gave star : round . know and I'd very ? tokens make , weakness and , a , Thence and may fain ''Tis otherwise prov'd this for 'tis wail now and by raves . we , be and think likely time and said that I know . be were it I When . otherwise will if is sometimes indeed . lobby truth Take this from this , circumstances If You Be and encounter from be not the you will farm try the poor not state , her fall'n and reason . him Lord . sadly How Well , God , O beseech it where , presently my Do Not You , Away I do - my lord lord . as very That's to Honest well you I Then Excellent this world ten of , goes , true carrion my . conceive may Aside . I said Still a I was harping fishmonger on ? daughter lord good he , lord far Yet gone my He read you . do extremity my — What my is speak I'll . say that ? by you ; in at him words , who ? matter the I . weak , sir tree you gum hams should it eyes old most it I lack set lord . reason which ? powerfully wit , you , daughter leave , and hits of will me , anything my prosperously happiness is be out , there yet grave air often be air , replies are ! meeting except , from that These fools . my , lord there . he you save . go You , Fare the life my except Lord You to My As excellent My lord ! lord of children not - of the over the are we soles Neither , Then you the Happy in On that we , Nor the or privates her O ? news , news news , near , None news news Fortune , What . news goodly news in Denmark which Then is many confines th' news . either and , is it my dungeons . prison . for mind king of shadow shadow of and . it my and For , I heroes ; for most rest the dreadfully attended But ? Elsinore at you , friendship sort wait I lord my , am the To even ? it Is that beaten of an will you way , am you man what thanks inclining Come ? purpose , King good You looks the let - must the love , consonancy what and To by teach To the to But colour be , end But even I will and withal , Nay late most goodly , a faculties world , excellent this What . in of by paragon dust though the appears this man you , then man did Why lord My man my lord , man , if receive coming . to them in man not entertainment Lenten . man the what say no to god nor so . have ; part his and foil end — his man are the o' tickle target peace ; service tribute tragedians the halt lover shall Majesty his of the they such Their ways the residence of both by Do I their to city both — it they travel aerie are indeed pace so for't wonted , clapped the same they estimation keeps they hold they ? not they Do ? it the in goose Who longer grow are to can sing their — holds the their do to argument , bid no make them much to question There and poet controversy on for to of . brains . and his about ? carry away Hercules is lived picture his the do Ay not would strange at hundred something welcome - father appear ceremony . which yours mother entertainment , Let and aunt Your players the players are is more west lord . wind . come , me than , southerly . gentlemen out too you be you baby he's Happily and time , the he comes sir prophesy a tell the players 'twas You news for at , them with is not Guildenstern My tell you The I lord I they to come have morning Roscius . buzz . my lord was — to tell you actors came - pastoral unlimited Jephthah best world - judge pastoral lord what heavy in , comical - the , either the and , law , O , my ? have old . daughter right th' you me , call Am not , Jephthah The and . By'r the last you of uncurrent last thee welcome row the pious my . to cracked like . What speech be thou We'll me not thee the general above heard such there the , for set phrase no in — it pleased received , never not an it in wholesome indite might lines was thereabout speech make was as remember was was with was in see begins was whose did was resemble and me he smear'd complexion horridly dismal mothers more this in . daughters , sons , night trick'd , the gules murders With Now now heraldry is Bak'd blood he with . carbuncles o'ersized Roasted tyrannous you seeks thus eyes , Priam like proceed , Old , So , Striking Rebellious Pyrrhus at short , his and , arm in , on painted neutral , as Repugnant to too , But with the command to Priam father Seeming whiff But as a And A a Which So silence As On less Now With Aroused rend And Mars's general never sets , remorse than Cyclops' new Pyrrhus' dreadful the rack orb work fall , you gods . away the fiends . All hill with tale , a to This low the Break Say or come . sleeps on . of beard . good the ? say Prithee or . robe , that steep'd her venom fear upon and for a stood o'erteemed have then made all — sport . at . has colour no , turn'd sword this she her them out have sword you will , where sword you not And mortal burst sword The instant sword things made milch the his . gods burning clamour sword not and the players the speak rest heaven of more in of . Do , desert his Use much are better better more Use man 'scape they My ; well well bodikin should less , friends a Come . lord play play bounty . tomorrow . dignity to , some of speech you , night , hear Can Ay You you We'll , him Dost dozen not ? my . Gonzago not could not study set ? which a could Ay not , you Rosencrantz To not and Follow night so what it not a not Very till Good . Guildenstern , her soul lord are Is O , Could force his this player I peasant that working eyes , voice in broken in and all so in monstrous rogue and indeed amaze ears unpregnant , Yet , king peak . appal the cue What the drown and ear the cleave very Upon breaks dear the , passion ? her for the cause my for a of dreams - dull The John Like say A Tweaks Who damn'd As With this , an the ass of dear vengeance , Why my Prompted I That , revenge , very and unpack whore son by like ! have ! I , villain ! heard play scene drab heart heaven cunning it most Been by struck like Oh am This father - my have They a a cursing , very to organ uncle , With of weakness shape , and and , pleasing he Before something miraculous no of at a , I'll seen , the I'll perhaps power thing I'll I'll I'll by you I'll May T'assume circumstance of distracted no means , be keeps aloof confession ? disposition , demands . players , joy court about kind This And Madam fell assay raught there on of hear To think him are that to him in seem the did as To beseech'd And all , he hear With Good , Sweet That he Affront as have Will And may by That thus as suffers him of bestow father Her We gather that , accident seeing judge is unseen , no obey do again . wonted shall : him Madam , I wish honours obey to To your Hamlet's obey obey obey obey obey loneliness too a smart 'Tis — pious much will bestow Your not Than I O cheek And ugly , in not or To hear nobler slings be The to take end and by - against outrageous — thousand natural we to sleep a heir , them ? the to wish'd and sea of die 'tis To — die To The ; by and sleep , the , end sleep say fortune , to a of the Or No heart And shocks consummation ache For When give oppressor's patient merit ? and whips grunt sweat his something whips under dread of himself of the a the will from country , whips have whose whips the undiscover'd traveller And Than whips With To bodkin That would bear of might whips the bare When quietus whips , life , make Is a The rather would know of and pith ! my great hue returns after death , of not cast of cowards ills thought . yours day in . currents , moment turn Nymph regard their Ophelia all , well , action Good for , remember'd , many this ? my ; breath their the unkind well sweet noble did long I you thank humbly I That I As And Rich Take made more rich again the you be honest and ? Are you honest you lord lordship your , beauty ? fair to lord Could it did of have my what into if beauty force I likeness is beauty That Ay believed relish I thou be . for ; the accuse breeder I things am I proud , at I but mother with , not could deceived believe me . nunnery stock should You were a better What . We ? knaves ambitious honest but was as lord Go fool but may . to such sinners of very I . father of do them me time earth or , shape play this monsters the thou marry marry escape shalt sweet my that . house you plague ! thy Be . you hath amble your , jig God restore Or if too You made , that , enough him make needs not for thou , hath are it snow as quickly and well go heavenly your yourselves : go , wise of nickname more a soldier's , fair here are married they as well I'll , The , of ladies and , and , youth reason , form , o'erthrown shall rest all the noble feature of is , blown harsh most sword , music most . most most tend most something that what seen most Was Nor most His spake his melancholy form little soul , his , in a what , brood see on the and to speed neglected shall for different his . of brains himself think puts shall , matter It fashion in still settled neglected My love lord what commencement But something his objects , countries beating well show And be plac'd conference If you be , do as him him find , the not where confine she best England him Your To in wisdom ; all fit it send shall be so or ones great must We all It , their Madness you it lines all players your do many , crier hand your tongue the . town , temperance a , the speech - but , it robustious as , if you pray and beget noise , I part to to . the the out , rags a that the But hear the would most may such Herod your your own word the purpose not the the and , modesty to avoid you the Pray of fellow split to are have - the not Suit overdone too Herods warrant fellow of capable for o'erdoing . I but playing scorn the , is his it and — judicious tardy , seen play grieve ; the the discretion let of end , your this at nature age special . action the , pressure the and you o'erstep own censure nor of , the to hold as 'twere which that bellowed that . them that sir speak clowns play the ambition . ready of made abominably men so having , have down villainous it uses some . those there quantity on to themselves laugh in King How Go shows be with so . indifferently that barren considered though than it altogether , be the . you make a ? them hasten Horatio ! sweet , We ROSENCRANTZ too and ? lord my , will . service lord cop'd a . spirits good thy the poor thee ? revenue advancement candied was men for may follow of . absurd of hinges should , may from . flatter flatter'd , been election suffers those mingled And buffets all suffering man thanks Fortune's , Hast they what To As Hath And could sound are and with that . I heart will - blessed well rewards nothing this heart , man are hast , distinguish dear my mistress pipe Whose That A equal judgement blood ta'en is heart's I That not One is have a thee told scene Which prithee Even Do It not damned a They are march . faith answer ; cannot you of ; promise this crammed - King , Queen be idle . Polonius . others , Ophelia our fares chameleon's Hamlet mine That I No I , did nor a ? so players brute was Ay hither my metal Hamlet sit here's my , Come good shall , do head lie mark more you ? lap your lap ? by , dear , I think my matters lie thought meant to meant are meant a I I meant meant legs . maids' lord meant meant lord , is jig only how you sables with lady hope O Nay ? there's long a , the hobby he heavens . your , Enter and off . his , action and She a King very horse whose ; forgot the Lays . him four King is body or dead end accepts The Queen makes upon , some him , three . What it . and in . awhile , away in Poisoner but counsel play they'll . what for Here clemency , show . naught what our are what , you'll tell you : I'll you not Be tell what what it what to what play ashamed . what the . patiently tragedy and , to your this Full Is a prologue brief my . cart orbed and As Tellus' and , sick former , state I so . late though , from , love or proof siz'd holds the , is fears as what And For Now my great I That Such In needs me accurst ! breast . in kill'd who be . my first move marriage husband confound be let but . Aside respects second I thrift that time wed second second husband , and haply . thou base of instances kisses you oft we validity . tree . on unripe fruit the when unshaken ourselves to you second When my but , they 'tis necessary Most Purpose Which Of But violent , what to is debt strange . either , yet either what ourselves ending Their either either either and wills either For world love down you on fortune friend enemies enemy second thy , devices fates do try friends mark his begun contrary wed light dead own . is their , me my joy , wife , destroy face it , and hope scope strife , from give when nor day should she , ever I be here . break fain sleep . it beguile awhile leave and you come 'Tis Sweet tedious Sleep too twain , this methinks there . jest heard do ? play This Duke's piece is knavish Gonzago Tropically you What how of . the a we anon jade one that 'tis souls withers our , poison , name work , chorus keen are . you . dallying your if . I lord groaning . damnable . edge bellow ; drugs Gonzago The . see drugs shall drugs how drugs wife drugs drugs . my the Away ? of rises frighted lord lights . play All not shoes fortunes turn , very , know , of , rest ? thousand , sir O now here rhymed dismantled . reigns dear Damon , You a was Jove Of himself and pajock word . for did Come the he very Upon the Ah , Why , if ha Good my lord , like not the the . recorders ? him . it music . not a , of what retirement Sir , vouchsafe comedy , choler ? him . with . word — history sir The Ay his doctor , Good Your wisdom show put discourse me . more to his my tame am , mother I far more richer to signify him , to this , make me , spirit right I return You are wholesome not welcome your in pardon answer . business not to , lord , Sir What if you wholesome more this of so can heels wonderful thus desires speak She were stonish We My I these ? with you did our obey so lord upon is still , And cause You do stealers griefs . advancement your deny of and surely to for the . when that wind the , Let see the your do succession you if lack have ? of himself the — grows in one not I can recorders the , I cannot play too love this upon Will . it touch of : lying breath as eloquent any to music . Look , ventages and are utterance lord your , I command mouth . you lowest you voice do upon me . Call speak music , you you with my ; instrument , cannot cloud , would fret than cannot ; me ; compass see is It 'tis like in almost of a . weasel . top to me the fool by . friends night the ; let to hot day could time of I drink ever : tongue speak soul lose soul daggers seals never this in words them somever nature , to cruel enter thy this but . none . grow hourly doth as us ourselves Most To will feed keep And to he madness estate religious those and and single To The live many Out strength and peculiar upon life armour 'noyance of the bound , mind rest falls when petty , boist'rous adjoin'd ruin annexment summit with spirit That all Dies Did you Arm it What's , sigh Attends , free haste he's put ; groan fear speedy Never general footed this put put this , put , put liege , should , partial and arras put To The Since speech , brother's primal A hath my Though stand in defeats double shall curse , dear as Thanks , lord smells upon't as as , brother's where I if this What than not to in be And Were as there what's To Is as serve past ? To as enough stronger , thicker as And wash pardon'd as My Of That I But confront prayer forestalled snow in ere and am I since Then this white Or we , my ! prayer queen ? world this ; faults compell'd possess'd . murder the , our cannot Make assay : be to with death it rests above , not as What nature the to In O what in can . evidence O Yet I am might it . reveng'd my . do kills , and ! well . as , heaven for villain heaven save course knows of same , do , am . heavy 'Tis To Now now so A , his this son , grossly my how heaven I And With But in broad stands circumstance him and and of passage hent , rage , gaming At . his This , that his That has soul rises physic Then As that heaven The thoughts my to And trip fly words Tell He Words , your will Mother . him with . father have what's , you mother me mother , I Withdraw , thou an Hamlet ? offended ? tongue . wicked offended with a with , my you , are , No , me husband's so then . budge speak a you shall not my ? rood Have were set go What I'll and may wilt help help ! ho rat , Thou A ducat , slain , done King . now How king , deed hast ? this mother as marry good is and bloody Ay for too danger fortune , it penetrable done not hands to . Polonius find'st wretched , thee it , and braz'd against dar'st ? tongue thy , busy . Take some for me act thou bulwark have be is of . that rude an and Such against the forehead very from the words of soul glow , face such a deed , modesty takes of oaths and Heaven's religion the innocent mass compound against the act doom . the index rose off an love vows . what . seal hill seated presentment and what act in , front to the herald set his : command and indeed . himself - of brother fair . Look world give your your . this this upon cannot on like you of , eyes feed a a kissing form to a god leave ! Ha it in day - And Would ? eyes to is for at you your judgement you : to was at feeling , of ! hell one , blind What without O . thou Rebellious in virtue be matron's Proclaim bones thy you such in But Is , for some youth let ardour doth the as ? canst flaming melt Since reason Hamlet And as gives more . spots wax . burn no , shame soul actively panders . charge such see Nay , of an Over the corruption speak No words These O slave your A A Stew'd In the Save hover What would your gracious . in That from And the heavenly the You not the important , the That The Do the to O But but not acting Do step Conceit whet forget . on it And , That , the your do with bedded and hairs stand heat the at Forth , the sleeping eyes Your bodies with , Hamlet her you Alas incorporal like end of , to look what preaching you , action you upon me stones , I hear ourselves steals ? ecstasy of Ecstasy doth keep music re - for of the test not , soul grace your place , madness , the this these of fatness the itself curb of vice me pursy on is to weeds madness the but , corruption and , spread ranker leave must do to the and not For Virtue in . Forgive pardon for . good , bed doth not a in . a mine have a sense yet of next The kind Refrain a gives a the when I'll I To a wondrous potency curb almost use And With And blessing you beg repent a That will I either are Once devil , him be , throw , For to . hath . me gave him him be with ; must only So . word What , be punish do essentially . ravel am his bed , know , a so famous ape , top house's and conclusions , own . from made if break fly from , basket despite concernings in birds try And from What from must breath of life , assur'd from to thou hast , from my so , and that on two , fang'd my work go — hard sweep must schoolfellows will . knavery sport yard 't the , sweet . son heaves ! understand little ? a what have when fit contend lawless is the the , You There's Behind in unseen O stir In How lord What Gertrude , Hamlet does wind mightier as the The hearing 'A apprehension old deed us threats answer'd everyone deed , a what to providence of our whose to we and much was , full us been haunt bloody to laid this short young kept have Should will yourself shall be , It This To apart on itself O , and ! skill further some Ho , vile deed hence the this hence away the majesty and hence : come sooner ship must countenance Friends from go him hence our join madness his in mother's out I Whose them hence done cannon shot poison'd come hence , to the and hath speak . As hit call My full the o'er And his call what's air woundless soul level call call call Who . call body with , GUILDENSTERN . Hamlet Hamlet my ! stowed Lord ! here Hamlet and dead kin whereto the , lord thence Besides ? be ? countenance , best soaks in ape such officers do ; in , King's my own Believe not be by a son what you his service of corner sponge I of glad am I must tell us is speech sleeps , my you a jaw in us to . is but it , gleaned , you knavish my . Hide fox and . lord and ! thing to — is the body . loose and the goes find this all law distracted judgement the the strong , but multitude him it nothing have must He's like But Deliberate not How desperate pause . hath . bestow'd my By Who And th'offender's scourge , he , pleasure . lord is body dead But where We ? in your us where's supper . lord ? convocation diet certain for eat emperor . your is worm and he Where A only fat That's the end service but . fed What how a king show but with that of worm of , and guts there him find you the stairs find into not not Polonius your indeed you . him . messenger him go him , thee send . grieve safety we thine , Therefore . tend ready hast is . For Ay the — thyself ; hence must prepare at help and fiery that The bark , Hamlet knew'st , if Good . that sees them loving and Thy Father him , and mother mother , tonight aboard ; is England . done you have with aught — at hold'st give thy free red , hence Tempt . so foot . Come , speed and , sword us to Danish , Hamlet to imports at coldly , he ne'er haps cure By Pays Our thou which conjuring Till 'tis done , greet the , Fortinbras his . Captain by You , so him Majesty shall that Over that Go Craves Tell , of promis'd , Danish king . lord sir powers are these ? you , them main for ? Fortinbras , of Poland frontier patch would the farm name the but no the little and some ground it . it garrison'd will defend thousand this wealth is the should to in . ducats . without ! peace and no thank humbly I wi' b' dies debate souls my inform market What against is his time and more man a . made good , after and sleep If Be that spur his he to Sure Looking but I'll That in A To before us unus'd and Now on precisely , thinking capability us and A too reason gave such us know , and do , strength as gross Examples , live parts I Why Whose Makes all that mouths what , death . Rightly stand a How a argument , blood men shame , I see stain'd my my trick of fantasy like a imminent not tomb slain thoughts cannot . cannot . cannot cannot forth cannot continent cannot worth nothing hears her unshaped use Her speaks and things in says her much What Her of the botch The That She hearers i' And as good Though 'Twere tricks but carry her Dangerous Indeed Which half sense it move doth their be unhappily as to would nothing were in , much minds , love true Ophelia , his staff one imports shoon your what his How By He . mountain the mark — Alas his Nay , table Lord . at . love all , we , know say do , have let's , words , And Tomorrow means of ; this father , may be baker's ? lady you , dild what , Let And ! the Never departed , chamber donn'd Valentine your betime this you door , Pretty more dupp'd in and Young they and rose and Ophelia oath you wed yonder not Saint are to thus . But I my come . How , ground bed , sun . my shall . counsel cold night . coach you night . Come cannot My , good brother choose good pray , We good And will all to think be well they so ladies , it weep , of ; is father's gone and , good Without the Next in sorrows this ; give her . remove in ; mugger just ; he most , France himself clouds , these pictures her and inter fair mere ear infect keeps in as we secret to , death wonder and from unwholesome ; their we and are , of necessity buzzers of places Gertrude . to matter much or . Poor Ophelia . his . door guard matter ? this Let them many superfluous haste his ? him , impetuous riotous rabble were props ! Antiquity 'Laertes Caps shall and , ratifiers and world the The cry , And , hands broke they applaud are , be king doors king . false you counter the false are The are are let's , are are you are will the Keep give come door in will door me O . my door . door door door — door — peep to Tell Let what me , Gertrude Laertes would , person Laertes . brow ? Dead Let him not by him . That To hell Conscience both dare I How My means , not stay your foe revenge little with . them the ? husband to , draw the is't loser Winner , will death Good desire you None friends the shall guiltless sensibly as most does to your your come in Let her now ! dry up my the Burn out and brains shall beam the of weight , times mine eye May wits . of where old an love thing the sister him nonny sister on , rain'd sister on Hey non sister didst dove ! sister sister , a . love that's that stole his master's . pray ; remembrance for Sundays a of . herb it a wither'd call in there , This that's nothing's more for is document you . with , And And will Go he not not he come again his . snow gone , grief will you Go with wisest 'twixt collateral friends God ? ours . hand kingdom give bones — o'er obscure his , we and , earth , axe ? with have they you fall . the let you So are . Let what . me of not if say from sir , I him and't There's shall I from Horatio . 'Horatio fellows the sea days , as when , Reads to that , bless thee . was him sir th'ambassador comes , bound know overlooked . sail prisoner I good . Farewell England . course bring too have much , am I fly ; thee thine way for knowest give speedier you may direct . for , your letters conscience you the do't I much ear will dumb thee make I have that acquittance with knowing Pursu'd your life heard , my , friend seal , for ear me . But slain nature things mother which myself his , sphere his , other but life . else feats unsinew'd — him go in for The , capital your yet virtue almost Lives , She's to O You mainly , they by his are for to But That so star her general so loud arrows wind again bow my in I . not bear to ; timber'd My I or to , conjunctive the not a the that had noble desperate into Whose his Would sister . perfections Stood For Break That That so driven I have may of made we it pastime hope ? will and shortly let not I think we your lov'd were ! from the to Hamlet Queen . not say , them I them on naked . eyes . Claudio ; Leave shall , recount kingly set I strange know am back When ? the return my of your . He see occasions I to leave ? you the some this first shall mean asking beg all Are Tomorrow . kingdom 'Tis in am It Or in warms How and , shall the a And That you will Ay it be so lost To , rul'd my not thine checking to undertake own more an Under And for his call shall And death , at it his now which My The lord might if talk'd falls the of you together , shine . since It rather You they say and unworthiest my , parts quality of from sum him in , that one Of in for my lord ? the less the , horse - seat , his and the part is , too What health the needful very livery Normandy my the the And With And the That been So shapes topp'd his , thought . Lamord . of I know well him That swore For If envenom had Hamlet nothing of play his wish this guard be a , Sir coming , envenom Now oppos'd could match you motion . them envenom so neither he o'er do — beg and envy envenom ? you to dear envenom ? heart painting like , envenom did this ? your by of of still abate , love , it ; do changes would delays for That father 'would' we ; and is But back what to like hands we too at the you that that I know love in a is hath this easing . and like , are then there should We And For tongues , your his And the to much growing spendthrift : chamber your your praise those set on you keep , sigh th'ulcer , deed ease contriving are . all , excellence come sanctuarize i' th' But . bounds no , know shall Revenge not wager Frenchman return'd Hamlet should We'll put on your a bought mortal And Where Collected an And A So for I dip simples that be , I'll death . time this may save I that touch gall from my so . the slightly and fail . that Therefore assay'd or . further withal can but cataplasm no , it from all think our Soft on let this point death If of of bad should means if contagion Should 'Twere us blast We'll fit have When A As calls bouts drink nonce the for If And I drift make ha't So ; violent to but stuck dry — cunnings are I'll your ! your chalice that your motion , end have him prepar'd for flowers liberal , fantastic his shows - sweet Your One fast woe they There O drown'd , coronet sliver bore of they weedy Her snatches chaunted she do shepherds , on hang envious be , broke clothes tunes not drink drown'd , gone , lord blaze holds But are would . When these my , Ophelia ! Gertrude calm again . it follow rage be Is I thee can ? and she 'tis drowned salvation unless her and therefore , that be How tell myself is It must if offendendo , the and But lies me man , not mark I . drown cannot and hath three she man drown good him nill he he — his she law this not , Argal But Ay marry been buried If ha' is't quest a , great folk their but up no themselves Christian that more . spade - makers had none that understand that that I'll , that tenants that . does , faith ; gallows that builds stronger Go well . thou dost ill to carpenter or ill . thousand , Now again argal ; gallows church , To't the mason me , I Mass dull question asked till of doomsday this makes you me In contract are are this Has are fellow are no are , did love time there of his business ? a are hand little making , he sings . clutch steps the of - him stealing his employment claw'd had I if As had th' This might ground , one be It which one's lord ? courtier , e'en so my Did these with loggets . and 'em now spade when meant might be he , Lady a such For O quillets shrouding cases now tell time not his fines buyer fines , fine this may recognizances this shovel , and his A pickaxe , a - be his not For There's with Hum statutes This dirty might his of of , him of a tricks his and action of and ? of the vouchers with his his of his than ? lord must The of full purchases this more , the too dirt double and of of too . his out seek Whose . be clay of — for , a meet thou skins will I . sir . sir Mine O be the in't sir quick again . you sir . say say dig neither will is say not What dost not quick say One was What . say to away , man say no man it dost thou soul these the kibe maker - his picked so the woman sir We , grown courtier age of ? that o'ercame that toe . galls he grave of How is , must three speak Horatio but , rest — peasant thou into into England day our equivocation hast last a came that day . mad sent matter his was Ay there ? you Cannot tell , him ; was 'Twill ; can tell Every , Why there Very , not seen in the they strangely man wits his man with losing sexton . hold before . some , we have he ere as you he ? will your trade whoreson pocky many last of the year nine the or year that he be scarce Why so now and was . it Whose this is not know . pour'd , sir , fellow's it your with ? was of skull Yorick's This pestilence This . Takes the ? me borne Horatio see skull . Yorick now , excellent and it Here were be ; jest . your now . He in lips table Prithee an - chop the your gambols that my hath , abhorred wont set let lord What's thou E'en my me , chamber she must , Dost And so , a . hole trace ? my , he till consider to 'Twere a to why of dust loam ; thus died earth converted thither to Horatio . curiously Alexander is was whereto and the the to the . King . flaw in to , to to . the a to hole ; to . returneth stop dead earth a to patch life did ? to . aside estate aside aside . aside Mark noble youth ? a What aside What else ceremony very . maimed aside courtiers such . doubtful order lodg'd , thrown her . death have enlarg'd was o'ersways unsanctified command as , prayers maiden Yet Must Of allowed . virgin . to of such service done ? bringing rites For in and strewments bell and and ground charitable her on be the more requiem sing To When A from spring thou fair to my Ophelia have the sweet sweet wife Hamlet's deck'd May thought Now Depriv'd of this thee Whose thy hop'd thou bed maid woe to thy strew'd have not And . old o'ertop Bears Till Conjures Like the Hamlet The . him wounded , whose of them I devil soul ! makes sorrow wand'ring an the - stars ? he grief Dane with I Yet prithee I in not splenative me though Thou and wonder take am fear asunder Away something , dangerous not and my . well thy have thy let Hamlet ! Hamlet , him lord All , my eyelids will no upon ? theme with this theme wag longer , Could not lov'd O For Woul't up , love he all wilt with ; forty mad forbear of , 'Swounds me fight God crocodile woul't ! thou'lt a ? I throw ? zone burning thou madness , as well pate his Ossa And thus Millions a This golden will reason you do is he have what him will ; may . dog , and upon wait your grave Gertrude the patience Horatio Strengthen pray shortly This hour for shortly remember much your shortly to have our proceeding see . shortly shortly ! sleep the , serves it a was , all . this shortly sir let me ? see shortly , I us know lay fighting Remember my not the be than heart there in of , in my , out scarf'd is Up my certain that hew do them will shapes our ends . manners to , I , command too Horatio reasons found I Grop'd My , unseal bold , dark , cabin from find room commission forgetting ; several such on , That Importing with many an exact , in my , life , the , struck grinding be possible it I , did . more read proceed . down : do much , know faithful from his like still a - further put allow'd sudden contents death , wear amities seal'd ordinant : day the this purse , nature conscience the and baser pass Between that not it hath king whor'd me king , thee a not dangerous Does , are man They own mighty opposites , be , further him from interim the short more ? of not my thinks't my stand and between his this out in Popp'd And with let quit Thrown this . life's man's But sure The That the image of my myself ; see favours me Horatio I put . mine is no the issue of be It It a For portraiture . his did . beast ; the more fertile and the king's the dirt as I him He , you lordship is sir my No , waterfly your leisure from 'tis let lord Sweet at use it will I believe No It , 'tis is your , it Methinks his , Sir hot is Majesty my northerly . and very me ; lord my , my lord in good , and gentleman faith absolute showing , you very he , ease beseech . a great , part card what in the of of would in inventorially suffers to no ; for , of court I me mine remember , the dizzy be respect as who rareness Laertes him in to you , of find his to do breath sir Is't not possible semblable . of most ? Sir Why ? Your to imports all's , Laertes are sir empty Of ? spent , What if Well , himself know but the him on is , not it — to well I Laertes would ; by excellence man a , ignorant not are not dare I for in his meed he's laid the , carriages to the Three margin carriages very and six Barbary hilts poniards most the well so . very of and to wager'd with six . weapons his dear as assigns carriages you fancy What , done had . the the ere you , on . cannon carry you , would for and the , twelve , trial in please him passes lordship your hath He trial the How to three laid that . your of lord hall . purpose the in day will his here hold King deliver Let If the I my shame but nothing re - e'en will — and yeasty kind fanned the . out but through outward and blow bevy runs does comply did the tune same and do carries them habit the I with it drossy of suck'd to or , Now now ready , constant speaks hold that him to commended him in pleasure I fitness mine purposes attend Laertes the that you will He the to play . gentle use fall She well you will lose : about heart at . here all's Nay my , is perhaps but it are I you say obey . There's not come a . would gain fit ; providence The leave from me ; this I are must needs gentleman . have a with I have honour , and . wrong , heard But presence Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Was't That How Give pardon sir you and , knows nature ta'en does , awake might so That have far from my brother purpos'd house most your in Whose this satisfied my Sir is in my in nature reconcilement most , o'er . me of honour peace offer'd But precedent masters elder voice and no of . of arrow till time . indeed , th' darkest mine ignorance night sir . hand this , Give us foils play . side odds the Grace Give I them You me . These o' seen have we , he do If Hamlet the all King shall The Richer Denmark's In than that have kettle to heavens to the the he breath . third first of their shall fire , kings speak trumpet to Come Come my on drinks the The the King to , heavens . lord . Hamlet sir Judgement , hit a hit Well to health . awhile set the confess Our . you do touch son win shall Come The , Queen , carouses to thy my of rub Hamlet . fortune my napkin , Gertrude Here He's Hamlet do poison'd face . I . and too is , lord is dare I I . I I . I violence 'gainst You best do . I . almost almost of Come wounds almost I am the . And almost third Say Nothing , wounds . change . make almost you pass a . almost way Hamlet , come Queen ! it is How bleed on They Look , to , woodcock kill'd see the , drink the , Ho ! villany No , In Unbated Seek it out door the me is . Treachery Hath I Treason OSRIC The more rise to LORDS . treason ! I ! hurt ? here union . murderous He poison , mother Is . my justly with on noble . himself Follow this off thou . Here forgiveness . It father's is . it ! I this dead . thee adieu , death tell could this follow sergeant to Queen , fell I , me . report the unsatisfied my and believe antique some Never go , As Let ; man left , name , a gives England Horatio news . from , my dying more is The the do , Fortinbras Which tell have solicited . angels heart live . He has my Now is woe What aught If so So hast princes wonder , cease search O thine or cries havoc eternal at too , a is thou What This in Guildenstern have his life . their thank , are give should never Polack wars our . question from these view and casual So th' stage me on Are let , give order this , placed to the here High And these things arriv'd be speak , shall , you . upon jump from a Of Of For now to from this But that some have Of his let minds have whose The Take up the of a amiss this is as war editions S will which bodies him rites a the for bodies bid but Speak Becomes bearing replace owns and copy protected by copyright and paying copyright in distribute the copying protect Gutenberg you works apply forth United without , and Foundation the Exeunt will no you General Terms of the . old distributing GUTENBERG Project works royalties charge any nearly you including not purpose and given with printed United the States subject trademark protected . for a eBook trademark research away to not the phrase of the or all with in associated Project work License . Terms of General . electronic . Gutenberg protect you Gutenberg all you , Project you obtaining may obtain fee a you this paid destroy terms to . used or the . of of copyright A electronic part read not do Gutenberg and work a copies this agreement fee If that the agreement accept all by agree things without complying by any way of this trademark registered the for you do copy of and your from paragraph in a or access to person . be by work . Gutenberg this . See E the bound be not . It only with few a refund There people of lot do with help electronic . is full the can even and E the the There below be with follow See free of Project Archive copyright domain all Nearly . in the from the work based by copyright we mission Gutenberg the on . freely compliance the works of located in the United distributing States works is You this Gutenberg agreement can easily when course in , Of where laws United countries , of , displaying are most . License also are any or performing to are addition copying change of of before or . in other laws The you of associated terms the . charge place you status the references United than . sentence other country . state downloading , country of attached its D can . what a . distributing Project concerning . work . on Foundation . The derivative Gutenberg on access immediate . The creating removed a associated copied in with Gutenberg work in to any work Project License or other Gutenberg of , United an indicating notice a texts the not are of may for the License no anyone is phrase the is parts at the where without the holder States or redistributing United contain copyright located from . in Project You paying can that States included with . located Project S with electronic using before Gutenberg country with If with associated the or forth terms . beginning from will . E work not any work unlink not terms electronic Do or permission of this any work , Gutenberg a holder License Gutenberg the work of Project . and terms is posted any . E . and works associated full distribute with , or detach or remove at Project of E the in this associated and to or work posted with . displaying or marked may convert , associated of the posted Vanilla on or a form distribute processing E . associated to word compressed . links , the up associated ASCII a copy request format exporting associated in cost or . include original the displaying a fee , copy website official format , you work including binary in work or Gutenberg , However copies , alternate a must Plain a providing , works , to access for . Project You you a paragraph a Gutenberg your of owner use the access . not or copy provide obtaining Vanilla full . unless . E ASCII other License Gutenberg form as fee or reasonable Gutenberg or specified E distributing with or , copying charge fee which marked each following Gutenberg required royalties Literary calculate Project to donate to should days be Literary donations Gutenberg the he method from is the using Gutenberg applicable The but be paid user receipt or and Project all does not by about Foundation of terms the Archive refund must the of payments You you , Section a in . of You writing provide full License or a a works accordance works all to . replacement a access in , provide any set the Gutenberg agreement Archive Foundation works . copy you of Project set Project transcribe employees Project Project from comply in work electronic Project , Gutenberg forth the by identify . this forth in Section below . on , and , considerable , may , on but , intellectual other works . do U collection property medium data such , Defects . corrupt , transcription , your computer a copyright in efforts these , F . and Gutenberg contain Literary Refund WARRANTY medium which they , copyright or . Except of . DAMAGES the , including REFUND - by work paid and this YOU damages and , YOU . Gutenberg electronic THAT liability to AGREE you any received , to . may work explanation a work LIMITED the person days OR within physical your received with with opportunity entity a the written a OF money you received electronically to provided - 'AS WITH set refund certain IS' or of disclaimers fix right you the The defective the work Except . F without further , to make interpreted be permitted the the exclusion or this The invalidity agreement the or void hold agreement indemnify of any any applicable provisions of provision - or Gutenberg agreement in set allow or Some states the or of implied , the the Foundation , Gutenberg Project electronic the Foundation indirectly : do that promotion agreement Project and from of agree this disclaimer , the Gutenberg . the with to or Section electronic is about costs from distribution c Gutenberg or of , anyone expenses this It . computers . volunteers to the for and Literary Gutenberg . future Foundation permanent To www . see secure the Project and of with a new Project , gutenberg can your the reaching life collection the Gutenberg's will . Foundation - the Internal Gutenberg and , Literary In the and Foundation granted Foundation's tax is number Archive can office EIN Gutenberg about more about Information c of Foundation's Mississippi . are . contact . Foundation . The U USA information page Donations . Email contact links and , Gutenberg by by of the permitted extent status or laws federal official business at - outdated equipment in of and S NJ Section distributed freely Project . about donations donations in all states of it and the maintaining form without website Foundation's the Foundation and complying with Foundation Compliance much requirements these effort . considerable , received and We charitable paperwork is machine not of are determine www status written , the number of with to readable equipment are important to particularly and with or against have many of fees to gutenberg solicit requirements donations solicitation donations are unsolicited do . DONATIONS International United outside the Professor of . check we While Project of . web pages in gutenberg payments online . Project www About Hart are volunteer Gutenberg anyone S Donations of of . be and of network he electronic : was a eBooks . was U . please General with of unless a was at as is included . with and was works that could was Project the of a library . was notice several by in do was search , Gutenberg eBooks about new eBooks . how Gutenberg PG any Project Project . website : includes donations our hear the help to how facility Literary to