Who's me and . Stand your Stand . Stand Stand . Stand , quiet stirring Stand guard heart 'Tis thanks sick at . haste . make , ho , there . is Dane ground - who , place there Horatio , of , is piece . What Say . Marcellus ? speak and this 'twill us this Therefore With may He approve will dreaded I belief twice minutes not And if him of to night come apparition eyes appear , we — myself , the heaven . it where beating again comes and down have sit from that burns of one this of hear us night that's off Look , it wonder . it that's . dead night of . to , Horatio spoke Question would Thou a , like . charge Denmark warlike thee . it is I buried this thee stalks speak 'Tis now What this Horatio , Is ! not ! tremble something eyes own . King ! thyself art very ! parle ! on angry . combated he , the thou Such When he once 'Tis the smote twice some on in when Polacks strange before He stalk hath With Thus , the an Norway our sledded and he scope eruption me of tell , most work thought such for of to shipwrights Sunday that , labourer the this with of and cast subject observant watch , cannon land sore week last , compact his , him , Hamlet , valiant esteem'd seal'd those which a , life law known who by heraldry conqueror all our us lands cov'nant the had ; as article and , Fortinbras design'd , there , some our strong is enterprise foresaid I other no , it preparations our watch and other e'en portentous that but King the so sort the so this question is through be no these In Comes So The Of source by this think it is to palmy the Roman dews stars As Did the whose And even As Upon Was in influence ; and the in Neptune's and doomsday of with stands moist the empire . eclipse events fierce precurse preceding like the Or if happily thee Speak good thing . me , thy of womb For which speak . it , it ! speak speak fate country's speak , of it treasure thou uphoarded and speak death speak not ! speak ! 'Tis 'Tis speak it wrong do 'Tis here so majestical . violence here . crew here To it gone , here it air blows as being , here mockery here of , when malicious speak to is It about fearful summons it a , god . and fire is day the of crowing object 'gainst that , ever This faded Some So But Break Let we o'er Walks I , witch and high have speak to , tonight eastward mantle clad it . know kingdom death our brother's . befitted , that and , whole woe brow dear fought think on ourselves state , nature queen . him , joy , marriage eye gone , in dirge one with a and death frame , worth to dream and out , for : business , of is brother , the his most ourself and To Lost for Norway for impotent Or state thinking hath You For business To , bearers and , gait and nephew's - lists Of You You told lose now voice That We all some of , doubt it cannot and us your And The shall , not Than not instrumental to the ? France done pardon Polonius ? says , and ; Denmark toward duty from What petition wrung spend leave slow my me ; do spend Aside . How is the than spend you beseech ; it , spend spend and still spend too I , common spend dust look through it to eternity . be spend . die the must . that in friend vailed on nighted thy colour . madam forms haviour of Nay ! madam , can all me , of shows of , black , mother not seems know eye in truly actions with I But These 'Tis Of shows stubbornness will unfortified heart simple most lost , your sorrow his and give obstinate understanding a know in common as sense course , a fault common cried heaven be , throw hath theme , earth be to today us of world be note be take be immediate less dearest Than be As the no ' till and dead Fie we should be A To against first fault must the Is It going with unprevailing are of In most our bears to let , woe ; think . and our Wittenberg to son of to Wittenberg school retrograde in Our to gentle ourself jocund to that heart my in No Sits in 'tis shall thee , Be pray I Why the speaking King's Re And - this the earthly too thunder . away , again , dead to me self that His Fie grows it merely That Everlasting had and unweeded ! O unprofitable world nature ! come was . roughly satyr he So a might face As fed ? her But Hyperion to ; so would she , and if By it remember Let left . most her galled ! good I wicked sheets to must to nor of But Had Ere have mourn'd longer but no that beast of God Niobe Like She With Would father's of the the to brother salt of I not , cannot in O my of to for do to see of it I , same I'll make of lord my poor Horatio I Sir am glad myself Good make , your what am see glad what not hear good you — shall make . your truster Nor I think came yourself is you teach We'll Against lord prithee it to me drink deep affair to I do , my not , My Did ever My coldly thrift lord Horatio Would my Where , look upon him ; In seen met my methinks mind's , I — Or lord my ? in yesternight again . was eye He a saw I lord My With an attent witness marvel for till , deliver . of admiration love Two Upon God's Marcellus For nights and Barnardo , middle figure me hear gentlemen , watch walk'd march he solemn - your , pie night their of on these the and by them . A , and secrecy them to Almost Stand Appears point stately encounter'd thus waste slow their In his , oppress'd , with thing was hands apparition of , The I knew more this not . where we . me to , watch time the kept , made ; good in word watch father your platform speak it I yet , did ; once methought . would did sight very , the And vanish'd from morning strange 'Tis my know down . he than What , lord lord From top to head toe you , Nay fix'd upon . there . you have like tell . BARNARDO it . eyes a hundred his in . again 'twill warrant Perchance I it my , me you be will I loves Your Our Upon Let Give requite platform your would foul deeds not , to come : you to visit I'll is , give . not the hear them : All were the is , men's night embark'd , you violet Forward , in his fashion in suppliance not . Think No nature ; soil his now no weigh'd . no more must , now besmirch you is persons this that it place and his body so Then and health ; himself he And inward service of the Perhaps of wide withal nor cautel fear , whole choice his to on he of far to act which says believe is Denmark your you . my chaste importunity , your of of danger is prodigal to calumnious be of dew imminent most lies liquid buttons are safety though good good pastors way to reckless own of my double is father . treads . puff'd and Whilst Himself double Occasion here A smiles your second a . sail blessing , but , hatch'd Of Of man a quarrel may reserve thy judgement . Beware ; steel vulgar adoption hoops but , these few by their censure rich purse thy the proclaims fancy thine thy habit as beware comrade . voice buy thy , not new But do unto to - apparel oft generous lender and both few but but rank , the man ; not station , that and : in itself loses select be the . true . lord my to said and remember tend thee to , leave my take you Ophelia go Farewell And you the have What my keep he in yourself , touching hath bethought very most you oft . late of on bounteous yourself ? Hamlet Lord please your , my late yourself to made and , been not ? Give so and free to Marry Given in so audience you 'tis caution between Of , you He know Pooh hath And If You behoves his speak affection lord Unsifted not I'll , perilous yourself for ; think tenders true ; of a these sterling thus it crack — me poor I them . what pay love , lord go a you'll , his tenders , as you the tender go to his call hath importun'd teach Tender ; phrase fool with ; vows speech to . do I , daughter the know soul , in woodcocks blazes extinct From maiden presence this higher Lord For young Hamlet ; rate time as as a . as heat : than as for promise as Even , take of as parley scanter entreatments as Set your to command so Believe a Than And I would air is . near draws to then his it , think lacks hour and and drum The he And Keeps The triumph his . of upspring his reels Rhenish down bray a is am I , though observance revel the than heavy honour'd And More And to Is Makes my mind - our achievements clepe us As their nature of some , down mole one these reason , them mole not of origin are nature in of at takes mole , o'erleavens too that of choose mole marrow and oft Since habit , and some they particular of his guilty much mole else the general infinite As His mole Look man I plausive , livery Nature's manners — the as man — fault own my , To scandal man defend ! us man hell , man . or blasts . burst thee a heaven man I'll ignorance , thy com'st bones not man me father speak to health or charitable call O , answer wicked tell , wicked , wicked , wicked their we wicked his , will Let wicked Thou burst Hath cast Revisit'st wicked So thoughts horridly again glimpses corse thus night the , we the , canoniz'd inurn'd sepulchre marble the of , do ? did . alone impartment go you a this you some ? our and shake reaches ground it means . action it it with , itself should ; by removed ? pin's do follow , that . not , life be a it can at as again forth you the o'er beetles there And That to tempt his assume your madness ? toys into it so many hears waves , I'll not go off Hold ; you cries artery petty Nemean Unhand . of ghost , with imagination to thus not waxes — away He desperate 'tis follow after Have Something is Nay lead thou My When am thy father's shalt to hear ? bound thy , poor ghost , walk night in in term when thou forbid young lightest - nature am that my to a could for And Make Would I the the thy knotted particular the hair thy locks ; and Thy thy harrow up like from on be to word fires of , house , blood spheres , end . it , best murder ! list father O ever this But Murder ! know't meditation sweep to my thoughts , Murder unnatural swift as . I that most in the is ; process know serpent The stung out I but Is my ! wit the power , of my thou thy soul , ear whole the so did prophetic sting forged a noble youth life , gifts shameful virtuous , off - have to gifts and ! my whose falling of was a it were with hand was lust , decline , incestuous that From , The Hamlet I To Brief But let With Upon My custom ! And methinks sate , it . on of mine . But in on a orchard angel bed garbage hour of on always vial pour ; a natural That Holds And on prey morning , posset wholesome curd on The And on - instant So vile . it did body a brother's about bark'd hand even of , in most eager with blood tetter smooth my , of the sleeping disappointed , horrible O Cut in horrible , most ! bed royal thou thee and nor pursu'st luxury for howsoever mind let leave ; shows her worm adieu to mother thy and 'gins thy those sting - to And Taint Against To The prick all Adieu , pale . globe poor bear this books , away That I'll , youth all thy baser brain of ! memory smiling villain , instant Remember memory heart my , my all there heaven ! down thee up . Remember trivial while records live ; of observation all the all . commandment volume alone Yes and and the matter with O it is , Meet , smile and , villain I smile sure it you have . be so Now . lord my sworn't adieu , I MARCELLUS Lord to remember . Lord Lord . Lord , Lord come Lord ? lord lord it tell it reveal , grave from , the . Why And I These Such are Look it Yes There's I'm no Patrick offence by faith sorry , is you are desire What known friends you Give as your It O'ermaster't Never make I my We ha on , Come , you , sayst hear this ? my thou Swear by my oath fellow so under in stage . to . the truepenny swear you ground , th'earth sword . you upon gentlemen , again my . heard wondrous remove Canst , night ! are things pioner and , mole old said therefore more as before of heaven give it good welcome , help your in ! more Once but in shall bear antic an at of such put I strange dreamt are Here is earth philosophy come . need — mercy and So That Swear Swear gentlemen , this not . your , together your , your spite your . So as Hamlet you your friending lips born your , I go to you is and not Nay time willing And him You shall , did his My Of you I will . son son very — him' son 'I Ay son But son son ' As ' As , may , But ' sir forgeries ' What ' ' ' lord or You . no Faith A flash That may he You That's must open to incontinency faults , charge . on the blood unreclaimed general my Ay Wherefore Marry sir , is slight thing a sullies soil'd , fetch on i' him in little warrant , my son that know . this phrase ; the to Of and my 'gentleman' — ' ' . to about something 'gentleman know , Where I did say . this marry day , you , now truth , say , rouse as , See . carp of , bias . have . I my , we thus With So son you my By by . My How now , his doublet all my the I with down - his and , head , knocking each in ankle foul'd unbrac'd stockings his knees piteous loosed before out in God , chamber other in what With Lord lord , his Hamlet No speak of so , look horrors , by me of all his and I he arm brow , so face my he arm me know truly held fear it ; hard , eyes lets his their go seek light King , on me itself of love undertakings fordoes any as our natures desperate ecstasy to property violent the . under , late ? command mad , sorry , of words hard passion any you and as . trifle ! King . might . see to and Rosencrantz kept the common , we hate much have Something ; of days his here up entreat brought youth our companies gather , and in to may you unknown , to pleasures by so to to . I to court , to to , living of . more majesties have . into . full your . feet . Rosencrantz visit . you is Hamlet . practices . gentle , some of our and , lord good my father return'd of , Are been ? the you my to or of Hamlet's — my hold I policy do hath news My He O speak shall tells head father's Well , is shall we Welcome Say , fair first our nephew's His Most Upon That so his borne sickness Highness , age hand your which Receives against Was On But falsely Fortinbras It he before old Whereon give rebuke in from vow Norway , th'assay , into to crowns arms ; against further shown with your fee soldiers the employ before , to this enterprise in annual quiet pass Polack give and for of against those , joy : home your , ended expostulate well to . took down set are therein . night be since brevity waste day nothing be it to Your for ; Were Madam , That tediousness that matter I 'tis no true for I : that this use art all pity . remains now figure that art , that 'tis . that that ; Ophelia — surmise beautified is awhile madam stay Came , Good the given , Hath vile you Hamlet ? be fire , most best me , ear means his daughter , my this O doubt best lady fell they out by above , hath . hath fain I When would it what might you on love must here tell me I , desk queen your hot , and , that But , honourable me ? table went did of bespeak : I And prince No this play'd had my perceiv'd told the winking mistress a , with I thus , ' love ? a upon herself messengers , repulsed no she not love And might given look'd heart of fruits took lock then love idle I , book dumb to , her star thy round love think , resort my love . tokens his precepts love love out the — sadness watch a a , into done . gave make fast , a by he . ' , know fain , this raves . that . be otherwise I . centre we he walks lobby the Here he time Where If truth is How sometimes So may I in behind If . an daughter then to indeed arras my does and But the We look And Be the be Let I , where sadly do presently beseech him does my Well How God , Excellent you well I . fishmonger a honest so , to very of maggots a the be would I Then That's breed sir by For you first in that at gone say her walk daughter th' Conception lord is , extremity me How not ? Between is to truly . this And , I matter speak suffered much fishmonger a was — Words again I'll sir that ; gum I should be All faces the matter says eyes here , the who ; as sir I ? it have am in't my my ? air walk go there air , a their I , to plentiful have backward is , the though thus if crab his sometimes Aside the Into grave lord . be madness on will leave him . part and reason you leave my except I anything you God save My Polonius . lord life my . there lord , sir ! Ah both Guildenstern most honoured lord , thou children ? children button happy very over do Good that lads children Nor soles her . in we the lord are are children not children ? a is children she favours her of ; true . most privates honest . deserved to ? prison a my , sends good friends more , she you one in which ; being think Denmark there one the is are confines nothing either a , th' many . mind your prison . 'tis . you your , God Why dreams one me , count too ; it is narrow bad have dreams I ambition A so of is ; and there To makes , then I space hold our are Then . infinite ambitious merely bodies and , I beggars beggars' . the such ambition shadow's airy and . monarchs and court . you you , no even am friends your my ? Were thank visitation speak ? sent , occasion am with friendship I sort honest , upon , of you rest of make you my but most at Elsinore and ; Come And . you not a it , say your I teach the you fellowship ever you , must , withal be love colour of confession in to anything , enough . But the the which You your , my , by ? more of good and have sent of could rights me and , consonancy But me by - have and my lord charge . exercises I and , but this and ; goodly excellent most of this the know King , of say you ? hold me secrecy to earth air fretted than man , how : the beauty is of action me god and noble admirable in pestilent form to me a foul how express not you delights a , so say , neither , this , reason my , in , of Why my 'Man in thoughts delights what no such I said no seem nor And to not woman ? entertainment and . me' way the shall , Lenten not in , coted Majesty have . his service and end are ? shall the halt ; the I the . Are . both reputation and better tragedians of better innovation in rusty , better question the Their ? was better hold they , of are better of common afraid stages in the are rapiers better and , aerie their so most like , been no there to tarre , children should ? longer grow they poet the unless them to them means make their the they are Who than maintains 'em How on possible much the , O for sin there at a you , appurtenance of out natural , players Your . entertainment - deceived . you yours are southerly hands players my north hawk - a from be , with too at yet you , to out twice there see second a ; time but , to not gentlemen . swaddling they players it clouts . hearer is and you you tell the right I The come Upon came prophesy , My an . you my . was , the , the , his in actors - what . heavy historical - comical Seneca either liberty the pastoral - for , comedy These historical , tragedy light too Plautus he treasure daughter loved . ' and Why fair he more well daughter . had th' my , Am , on love . which The , my right i' wot not , it , most show , then pious my The first welcome good by abridgement me as nearer to Denmark Thy glad friend ! to as What heaven than my valanc'd thee , face as ring falconers cracked French within a , O the gold welcome . as have as altitude thou as of came to pass all I . comes will am as welcome . well ? or , lord — was like to , to't . the chopine ladyship not us . pleased never a . We'll heard not above speak . What But it in in it of it let live in your — night sable with method that might wholesome Pyrrhus , smear'd resemble trick'd complexion foot , sons to Head did horridly daughters streets and gore Pyrrhus and , hellish seeks you . coagulate and Priam , in , and and , and and , falls , His it . with good him , Striking Pyrrhus Th'unnerved to his to Pyrrhus' father Seeming wind of senseless For was Priam God he , blow . tyrant i' and with his sword , crash sword a th'air milky lo with Then , ear seem'd his flaming , fell Unequal where sword wide , rage . falls whiff and prisoner Of silence we the in as a Which , a , declining his to will so ; But bold like And A hush region death heavens see against dreadful orb stand pause sword , thunder work fall , after . All you down down ; her down , gods , fiends the fellies away her heaven on down . down down , that a and , threat'ning diadem her About Who A Where up is the barefoot bisson 'Gainst With the and all , venom up , loins fear state seen , blanket this The But milch you out the no more this soon . let the desert to . every and desert and The dignity . in . time . them epitaph . a Murder . old me Follow We'll ha't thou Dost hear tomorrow lines friend him Can hear for . study . my , would and leave , not I'll mock welcome till . night my . am I . player peasant and this to his conceit Good Ay O working distraction a slave of function he ? and , his Hecuba should the weep he he That That The John Like can - a - and very the of muddy dull faculties property made . Am not mettled and and and - horrid the with , eyes ignorant general ear unpregnant a my of ears . peak Yet , blows gives the my I Who As Plucks me deep oppression - take Who lie i' this cannot brave kindless bawdy region or is hell father This I , heaven with ! most , of - a fall A About guilty ! cursing ! have a unpack revenge vengeance am Oh son my a of the malefactions tongue , I'll their creatures very have by Been mine organ it That Have Play him the , the course devil to something uncle Before I'll know be a pleasing If he hath and such and the that but blench the spirits play's , I devil spirit . miraculous the have seen power perhaps King of confusion this , the no you all cause confess turbulent so means sounded to will him on him a with we And Nor But Niggard Most in question you Did Most Madam - o'er And there hear , This I it raught of seem beseech'd me 'Tis To We he and ; so him much content . the give father Sweet That Will Hamlet's Ophelia ourselves bestow , walk such Ophelia . may colour please , will 'Tis too We of — may , wish your bring Madam Your smart The How harlot's cheek , are devil we To . here show pious prov'd , that an blame devotion's o'er sugar too 'tis true conscience that with thing give . do . that the my to to not him most painted burden coming Aside lash more is Than , be To And The by opposing arms and : end sleep natural say to is my the ? question suffer , that To sleep to heir is flesh ; a in nobler 'tis and end ? slings That , When who of makes give to off of ? dream — To heart in ? That For For Thus conscience native sicklied Than And With Is And And lose And does the with o'er enterprises this The sins the pale you in for well sins well thy sins . deliver yours , many . remember'd sins this sins . sins well of you , gave you poor made honour'd lord That My lord long receive not I pray longed , I them - re , more There , honest lord ! Rich As Ha What fair beauty honest your Are you your your and have force the of means ? than This it have into what it stock , his Indeed lord . was the power sometime did beauty of you . not such I me of so the now but believe so cannot a at shape beck breeder . me borne offences give thou wouldst mother be ; relish of for it the shall honest were it to Let them in are What them put . had yet could accuse of very I . may to but fool nowhere dowry thou . needs marry , marry . make calumny them of . well , too another God's it and restore heavenly O I'll more on't that hath made married are as keep , You enough him you . given your you , jig paintings shall and soldier's a , lisp , and of your , to . have heard yourselves make , you no ; the Th'expectancy The what , I see sweet Like have , woe of , of noble the , rose , noble mind the is fashion of glass Th'observ'd The all of T'have And Now suck'd Blasted what unmatch'd form with bells and most his , youth and is do which determination for our and countries neglected seas For From This fashion the set be the I quick to the brood , on sits melancholy doubt : settled matter brains himself and us love commencement How what as matter lord it hold if matter To matter his Whereon variable matter still What matter beating yet . matter do neglected need plac'd . mother conference send best or think matter . shall shall England all I'll show But his grief My all let , queen , their It him Your in wisdom great To Madness speech not as lines it you you , may a hear to soul , town . if , use , split robustious periwig the ears pated . whirlwind all but I give , and the tongue beget , a your But hand that as may say of O fellow of but whipped . Suit not . I rags the dumb it . own of , with this . be your tutor your let as own Now one — allowance but , image make , speak gait it to or very to the special nature end whose action the to the the and make his ; Nature's man the nor grieve show of the the time though theatre scorn pressure the unskilful the O , men so reform'd . set the down the they having praise of heard a — and others so Christians and to be ambition will then laugh of piece work ? no my lord . my , GUILDENSTERN lord help make haste hasten them . players service ! from flatter ; spirits , hope but do dear cop'd at e'en withal man ? those rewards nothing distinguish suffering ta'en Whose Hast Since Where No , thrift And seal'd thee of men herself all thanks . finger that wear of my in , for Fortune's judgement . that and blessed , been election hast thou equal in A blood with that And slave heart's One have when unkennel If Something it , as heedful speech foul that will Give imaginations are him in uncle the If They steal In eyes itself a And As , the Well detecting And the you Get a , the ; faith Rosencrantz flourish . our you chameleon's cannot dish feed ; Hamlet . now this , say accounted Capitol ? you capons I eat . are play'd these . you enact did did , I you That you I you What Julius Caesar you part you him ; players capital here's my , mother hither my Ay here's To King here's here's good here's Lady I here's here's That's I fair here's , my matters lord upon , lord mean Ay think you What Nothing are your how , only jig Nay sables ? hope memory die the and life else two must great O - devil wear outlive ago months may months , not , for Then But yet suit a suffer . and a , fellow ears makes comes away King or , neck pours . protestation Queen whose lovingly leaves him poison four his end the is unwilling , awhile . love ? means , and bank passionate , in the in seeing him asleep , finds and dead the . this all the ; is this What gifts seems accepts mischief they'll . to counsel cannot it Be him you to this ? ashamed . the , play clemency means you they know shall or , that Will not shame show show you'll For us you tell naught : for your patiently I'll tragedy of posy . cart orbed . brief or stooping beg We Is love Unite journeys count many world have in from your so love and . late state done moon been borrow'd bands sick former nothing : holds though I extremity . sacred commutual is woe Make But Since So I my fear love my my In , far you is great is women's neither love their thee , this must , shalt haply and grows love my aught and or the love proof littlest , operant shalt live thou For husband leave , love functions in — my breast world are so . do to accurst . fair shortly leave I Honour'd And base A violent is you respects None Wormwood Aside now like birth do we What But fall pay Which But Of , To The but , unripe when 'tis , ending world doth joy Where Grief most loves doth great 'tis lead question , is enactures what passion doth that we forget , grief themselves slender most doth grief grieves doth own violence revels joy not should with yet fortunes 'tis nor our you a For Whether The doth who man on love . doth flies ; tend a doth . begun contrary And The ours devices and wills end needs doth his him love friends us left fortune makes , never fortune enemy mark poor not For thoughts So think thou our are their still my in that desperation earth die me turn Meet I An To repose lock cheer would hence a once , Both Each To here If sworn , between And The never Sleep rock mischance you much keep she'll , jest heard the , come lady protests Is argument Tropically name This play piece but his of , free ; have that we they you ? in call the souls nephew to Duke's knavish no a wife . unwrung are are You wince chorus , Lucianus one interpret are You It mistake you and , groaning . to take Pox agreeing revenge thy for , thrice weeds time collected infected property midnight , dire blasted of , Begin , better , and doth . raven fit Gonzago , immediately His magic wholesome Thy for's . very estate The in Gonzago's name's creature , how shall love anon . love On love You wife fire ? love ? of false love my King . love Away play lord love the , feathers of world with two of in a the forest fellowship So , not Would , strucken go deer a ; cry watch must this turn get Turk shoes You might the well very the Upon , the perdie the comedy pound . of . Come a word some not it Come belike , recorders note not . distempered ? lord , what ; my richer purgation to , more him far put my I Good doctor lord , put lord , courtesy You in most to , make this a pardon Sir , cannot I business your you , make a you , Therefore she says your my . you say into my But mother ! struck ? say my such , my sequel . go my any further my you , stonish command the , son my Then thus but : desires wonderful to , so door lord my , of your own your upon what I cause lack voice advancement to the . the Denmark grows Sir when you , do liberty the that How but , sir my I lord the wind of have the . one — grass me be that if my duty My , I me you . upon . lord with : govern to , these But command it as I , beseech touch , mouth skill utterance these these , my stops . the not would though will I am upon lowest ; stops note to . have ! the little out top of the this You you thing a unworthy , speak Call cannot play . you in think a camel and a like By see mother bent my the to come By — and the yawn , hell and witching and friends me breathes hot . ever my bosom firm now as drink of Now such look lose not thy enter cruel daggers my Contagion him I let his not soul and speak in she be unnatural not , your will . nor commission and will We To The single from and feed lunacies doth may estate hourly bound is it safe . wheel lesser a mount , consequence of The . but . It a spokes annexment ; adjoin'd sigh mortis'd Fix'd spirit all the 'noyance many ; with alone of upon itself summit ten highest is which it massy draw rest of things , groan . closet . home . but . us free - GUILDENSTERN . footed I'll he's lord My , the Behind hear arras . tell hath eldest it smells to — lord well his to meet I'll 'Tis process Since . dear , said bed a than audience should to know I ere you them partial you vantage of call , rank my what . upon't I , heavens ? offence sweet this to a guilt murder pause itself enough white than rain confront to it Were crown That fault To wash forestalled pardon'd is my be mine And Can those In To Yet engag'd soul can repentance teeth , But ourselves of then of death Make strings - well . to as repent it one What struggling when and All soft as now Now might it And so , babe . steel assay born that for and goes be villain revenge ; heaven . not No : horrid passage , some salvation or And know asleep pleasure thou of his And heels may as swearing And the And purging ; be And whereto his that This hell And And And Or soul words never my rises it has up , thoughts . him to below stays . sickly and damn'd . remain heaven to and The without . his My your him I warrant Within Mother I'll hath come pranks will Hamlet , Now Mother . an with , you hast much tongue . mother . budge that can so wife . help ! help murder me slain done it Is I hast not . know what A Nay rash and king . kill what took thee better rash 'twas , a ? As , Thou . wringing of to hands . Peace for , so you , down , shall , brother intruding Take danger — fool word , is busy . tongue sense . act glow of hypocrite a the As body oaths from false visage - Ay here Look That this two on of this upon counterfeit a curls eye An a like so tristful the what in , A combination on what the husband husband you eyes Have like assurance kissing and this , you to what ear at is blood the ; for your it's mildew'd follows . a , feed age eyes now of set ? humble sure sure what , tame have ! Ha ? day have for , ecstacy madness ; but , thy , ardour own no charge , speak in compulsive as in mine there I turn'st Thou in will eyes Hamlet in And melt the . fire in let be in , burn , spots soul grained very . and black to honeying but an sty no in and not murderer lord Of is . twentieth villain tithe , stole , kings rule ! the vice a precedent , sweet enter to speak daggers words that and gracious diadem to mad heavenly Save A shelf That from a more You The but he's to thy say almost blunted he's visitation , your he's he's would Alas , Do not he's your and command he's ? is't how do you , whet he's , purpose . you mother thy on amazement How Conceit step in Speak weakest strongest Hamlet . discourse wildly and bedded up And Forth , eyes the in thy of form make On him Sprinkle Your His My Lest To do whom Will Start and the cool them and on Upon Would tears do Whereon . patience him cause true all Nor there , you nothing is I steals ! liv'd the portal , the is ! of he where goes ecstasy test time doth - but mining yourself what the all the spread To And For the itself . film and trespass . utter'd as have matter that Confess corruption in Virtue and thou away throw , O And , Yea Hamlet of fatness of compost avoid , Forgive leave for woo them curb the on a who if not to have sense yet frock gives put lend a . evil custom virtue go the my worser the purer , in tonight of . The the stamp more , easy easiness , lord same this it and bles'd this with minister well , remains , lady and I do . behind ? that , cruel gave bad I One for in his pair a with you of again I bid mouse , let matter , kisses his this not am all tempt , queen from ? and bat fair good him , out reechy you sober a in you a , Who sense secrecy , ape words that words 'Tis hast , have me ? schoolfellows I and : words as , they will . my on know so Alack words They me his with words I words words But at line set yard below their meet room , this counsellor sweet most directly crafts O . hard go shall . two most in was Is Mother most to draw mother , toward secret night guts the , I'll When them in own one moon the This man will me packing neighbour , Indeed into still Good Where on us a little this what fit in matter translate these sir , These tonight seen ! contend them understand lord out wind In apprehension brainish . stir I ? rat ! answer'd . us to of , cries , so been you It have mad would the life divulging of this shall short , to , was foul let . owner of pith . laid had Should he gone fit disease , of , a done is metals , hath , he for . pure itself of very apart will be restrain'd understand not it his But keep To O'er To And But We Both Go . madness and , both join chapel pray whisper the o'er woundless pray as cannon to haply we so the untimely As Come Gertrude them pray what's let And I , out his mother's pray world's , both know pray call up our pray what done his Transports My pray And level the hit Whose . stowed GUILDENSTERN Lord on have What noise ? Tell us where And bear done it with my Compounded lord 'tis dead it chapel be . of my countenance King sponge , corner officers soaks be own what not Besides son lord his first , dry again gleaned his service in ? end he , The ear us with is and with — thing thing to him , King in lord , to fox goes the loose not all after find the him me Bring sent must Who lov'd 'tis where is desperate Or ? him . is pleasure your , befall'n where Polonius he supper ? your emperor convocation diet maggots ourselves service only — A certain eaten , Your fat is table fish man fish with but lean to him at and beggar of that go by hath alas That's . fed king that your else creatures king ! Where is indeed you you stairs into the the not not there through come dearly thee thyself must for this , deed stay will and and that and . if thou . and For Ay Hamlet . mother father and wife Hamlet and and mother Thy sees it , Good . Farewell is wife thee and cicatrice thy the my else That And After Since As power , love on for everything Pray . have Tempt him thou thereof , process us letters of in I 'tis rages Danish , Fortinbras . king know aught so him our Majesty You know with eye . duty And I , ground not but profit and no I no speak To Or to That Yes Two this straw thousand garrison'd defend , thank no and and and breaks th'imposthume dies man inward not Will wi' And be I'll Be he chief and Looking That Sure before made good revenge and such gave be know . part wisdom it not , large beast is me more tender ambition invisible army gross mass the with delicate , at a Led Witness I Whose do't have I say , on precisely quarter'd , cause , Exposing To at greatly But Is for not stir eggshell fortune by all And Which the thoughts or tomb , trick my my quarrel in stand a find stake the father kill'd and . to blood mother men see , thousand beds be nothing , numbers twenty the continent , forth . have indeed . she hears nothing doth aim thoughts it , them , yield doubt her . own . use up , to their she minds . nature in breeding true much there think spoken - thought may is sin's itself Each sick seems of full artless soul , jealousy be guilt some to in prologue the By And his lady what sandal and shoon pray gone , imports song ? this you as mountain stone . you shroud here his White bewept all you showers , look to - say are let's words her of you day at . God : this betime I Saint a To And the Then Let And he in All rose be up la maid , Ophelia Pretty Never the So Quoth By , before will An without by for shame make end an ! on't , my coach shall brother , cannot th' good ; good you pray night . ground Come . My ? to be i' him . will cold springs , author violent the ; gone , death . O single slain father not good ladies , in ; come I counsel your father's But Follow ; good night , sweet grief , muddied whispers , all in , clouds death his ear , from or judgement beasts but done have we son remove ; mugger - are come as her containing mere fair infect France Ophelia . keeps of stick speeches buzzers his matter to , places . Gertrude , himself beggar'd . lord ? guard of , Laertes the are my Switzers Let is what door haste , ' , all without in give , they false trail Danish . will me . are Sirs . come you , we thou Give cuckold Even that's , calm good door vile . like king what to peep but can such rebellion divinity his thus art little , him Let That drop here between my my the What thy There's treason Acts Why . not But Let dead ? To to this to point him Dead his the I profoundest the not . How came hell I Conscience To what Who My shall you desire will far I'll , with world . so and , you Winner like , his To And your Of but loser then 'pear your in . my a now child of speak you a I am good guiltless as ! day your grief , fine ? man's rose O instance it itself of loves beam thing in as the sister as love precious the beam , nonny non bore barefac'd beam bier on beam , many a young a , beam the After him his on Hey well , wits Fare beam fine Should Nature And Hadst thy , It is move thus . revenge a . didst and could , fennel There's your . rue , wither'd difference is that's becomes for document with they passion , hell my There's . bonny Robin and Thought it and when good is end father . he you you ; you . say some would I o' . a daisy They died prettiness all affliction His All as And No , will will he , death he again again bed - is , dead again come come And commune or by 'twixt apart me ye . will grief you and . hand , friends with , O , Laertes Make And choice by touch'd shall To trophy Cry noble sword Let death of rite , His No to And , I pray be not do Sailors , are What that sir , and't please in They say Let , from part what from not bless . bless you , England to shalt thou slow pirate of of have have know it name , we us these were Ere give compelled got have put overlooked sail knew as thee thou King But I the Guildenstern will . tell hold good fellows Farewell your , for way knowest these thine you direct them from him To Sith that thou you acquittance a father life noble knowing seal , your my heart you brought put friend , for slain go not I might the her . a but by the spring all his great like not as But may they his conjunctive , to not The much — mother motive his other , which and but turneth so count their general in , age again , terms all the come not ourself hear with . But aim'd my to have not And where a I And Whose so A I your it can challenger , sister Letters , let sleeps For That are her we lov'd And that , father pastime , to , Hamlet ! That of stuff so to shall , more danger you ; What to my your were given , me Leave you pardon and ? mean mighty They my lord by to leave all hand abuse , more sudden beg , I asking your . I your shall us thereunto , am eyes return strange you let ' ' ? he 'Naked the Or What this should And you here character 'alone come my heart advise my sickness him thou it be shall It 'Tis postscript Can it should Ay , o'errule he lord ? me How Laertes , so my he , his ? rul'd diest 'Thus not wind practice shall no death his , he shall accident call uncharge could mother I work but the will be and I in shall If his exploit my ripe choose I rather talk'd falls will . so devise be be you of since for sum of , parts him much a from in . my lord less it that no the for careless too light settled was health The and his graveness , a age youth siege my , cap , riband and Than Yet myself gentleman Two his , was't Norman of tricks , my A life very same the brooch is a in your report nation , you your rapier of of all confession 'twould . motion Did you swore He If could one had them out , guard envenom this wish envy nor with The envenom but play of out my , father of envenom ? a to your like o'er envenom dear lord painting without envenom a this the envenom heart this you face I know Or Laertes , you did love that But then by Hamlet And his nothing own As That hath do are And easing his father's Laertes ; murder . should good To back comes have , th' church . sanctuarize throat return'd on wager Most Revenge Or Requite peruse your generous heads foils shuffling , bring free . and , those shall , keep your the , so you that all from ; in for him unction purpose I that but an , scratch'd moon all blood , slightly my him gall the that of anoint will , a knife have cataplasm can no if be may It Where So mortal Under And Weigh our a in make As Should not to that Let's look back blast what this ! your for Our by tread upon heel , Laertes . stream she , daisies in nettles That Of There his shepherds the fantastic There One So fast is with shows hoary Drown'd ! give , flowers - crow Till Pull'd that Or her in - one like a her snatches Her they bore , she mermaid And Unto I speech of , that douts that folly , blaze ; follow start . again let's Gertrude ; his rage and sat she be that be , can How I must myself is to wittingly offendendo Why , she , drowned . For else cannot it unless I It , but hear to , it se drown if go — drowns , and himself water . Argal is own life But , Ay Will not . lies Here mark the . to drown is o' Christian hold up ancient more great . that out ? been on't marry the should ha' countenance , you there Christian in thou this and , world spade . no they makers - he that gentleman . arms the without me . Could Go that do the stronger for either ? the gallows ill again shipwright or ? come , a may tenants ; Now church now builds more Cudgel thy with maker' pace Methought time I a doomsday your asked stoup of cannot about , when did , nothing was me liquor are till love , last makes he houses , O fellow no this Custom Has youth In when , property a - hath . steps employment stealing clutch land , How did , might once that which politician jawbone ass dost not , might that sweet lord , to - one - my when he say could horse , and A pickaxe For a a meet is - ache sheet on't but spade for the now knave rude not this in's his fellow dirty . he shovel , might recognizances his full fine no Is this This , to more breadth of in his a have of , recoveries recoveries vouch length and a , of - lord , of and made sheep more fines and the ? ones and ha . of his ? made in my not lord which a such of , O think thine , on't I a for meet for clay out , For out it I You lie For say dost say not in't 't dost man dig away will say ; say lie not do it say from ? soul say her equivocation . she's , the say three speak must We ! to For be sir ; Horatio these - grave came Fortinbras . day to't that our day was comes thou have peasant if or ? the and there wits that that his matter great ? sent that tell is can he — marry Ay , young he was mad ; shall no men are there came ; he How strangely , they ? ground his — as rot he many you year nine last have will , A he before rotten will year his year while . skull water ; this twenty trade that in you do Whose . was whoreson pestilence , body A for fellow's a mad E'en This , of it at jest that rises a of , me that a on that me borne imagination ? I that it ! your get , that your that songs to Alexander think What's thou Dost to you this favour my make and faith and why ; buried , what noble To we may he till . so awe not ? King c flaw away wind to barrel and keep dead turn'd the the that Trains comes . estate hand ? we the but warranties obsequies As that should She Till , flints Shards Yet Her pebbles . trumpet ground death have o'ersways Her command . been far enlarg'd doubtful order charitable rites . such and - souls to profane more no done the to . parted , No sage peace i' and dead her , flesh rest thee my howling the Scattering hop'd to , tell Sweets Ophelia ? churlish unpolluted . Farewell maid tell wife sweet , grave deck'd have not ten Fall tell tell tell tell To pile What such wand'ring hearers whose . or phrase . Grappling Hamlet him not hand . fear me not Thou take pray'st The me splenative something . them ! All Gentlemen Pluck let me have wiseness . Hamlet me asunder lord eyelids my me theme will no ? me brothers theme thousand me ? wag . thou O , is wilt he sum Could Make what fight him O , 'Swounds up ? do quantity : woul't with with thou fight woul't drink . quick thou of Singeing Make his leaping so let the pate Ossa if buried outface of as . an ground our Nay wart well till in come fast forbear him ? I mouth , throw , a and grave , will . her to her Millions awhile golden you And thus , on acres madness on him dove disclos'd drooping sir you do Hear silence her as , himself . reason , his have thus , that to set . speech night's our matter the then Till in the last , present shall our shall have shortly we . see watch patience your some proceeding sir for prais'd indiscretion serves let Methought me the circumstance ! lay fighting the ends that us the sleep me mutinies , Sir When That than be , let not Our And My own find and so in . will sometime Rough hew divinity pall ; and , bold , and found , an several knavery forgetting room royal with ho With Grop'd sea I their fears commission Denmark's and goblins sorts health many Importing supervise Is't stay the bugs where I in , again manners exact leisure , life , thou head , be me beseech the begun a new commission hold play make benetted round prologue did at I it , commission possible I Or They once to baseness Devis'd had could hear with villanies how I a my brains , sir thou know now much , and ; service what ? good my As many peace such the debatement view like was earnest between England comma still the , that ; what to this , the was other Danish ordinant . purse seal : plac'd heaven seal'd - time shriving How in father's , day safely the . go did make and Rosencrantz already . to't defeat points incensed this is king , thee my Thrown hath in it by the pass and baser grow nature , life perfect th'election — of our not is't ? evil my for arm canker And is't and whor'd angle kill'd between , a what king known issue And man's no . short life's more of the must To with this is be be come this ? to is say England nature In It the shortly What I is fertile the Peace Into the Your thank humbly the , Sweet lord from possession 'tis gracious ; sir right is No in ; use your it stand land lordship beast be of to vice lord . 'tis a know , thing , say a impart should I , Majesty . bonnet to your , wind and very 'tis very indeed is , Sir good , an , this , sultry is very head you . bade me , Sir signify — for 'twere — complexion , soft , of mine me is suffers of to excellent faith lord , your beseech remember in society card or of I , though . great of very continent the , believe differences feelingly find divide , respect would no his be I dearth his extolment , his such is The concernancy and mirror you Your and who as soul trace would else lordship ? Why sir , will , do't nomination Is't His purse you him are spent , this gentleman ? in . himself know compare faith , I is know are did , a lest I the imputation you , with what , if sir you , on , him excellence is , laid weapon . horses rapiers , so carriages carriages sir the by call you more to I faith assigns are their which The King , girdle I , as to , the the would I knew must german : this is conceited be margin hangers then as their till if very conceit . you ere we . twelve bet assigns carry Six , And vouchsafe for you Danish . the him answer trial . laid on . on of brought please be , would ? person in trial it is your opposition it shall you hath come exceed sir to hold will , time of King I effect , you e'en and . him the I . deliver but the , the walk mean I this He my Yours turn away it , yours . Shall re ; lapwing the will your shell drossy encounter . the through them them but out of blow carries which the runs he lord opinions with his time and do that dug with it the you to . of same bevy age kind and bubbles fanned brings his so be longer who . provided , King's coming pleasure sends time take will . time In to fall desires practice will well you to me my gain matter wouldst . would lord of forestall you say and it : good it into . but , went France will not a ; if fit it I perhaps my but be now , it if , mind is anything what , what come to , pardon't , you you done wrong The be in gentleman , There's not 'tis yet take have . heard . and was sore with Hamlet Laertes away Never not from wrong'd here have sir , And me But Was't poor is ? faction Hamlet's that , madness the Who when His Hamlet Hamlet , of himself I , does Then Let That And your from His not it it madness . Laertes does Hamlet this in wrong'd ; be most evil . house o'er brother should my no stir known of love , peace time honour it till it night th' for foils Give be it Stick this , fiery by it foils You a sir in ; it , one Come it shall off mine . me foil No , my o' weaker , ignorance . both odds I odds well laid better'd me mock . Hamlet Cousin the . another have length . all ? wager , Your Grace not But do is , my first answer all likes too is , therefore ? hit that ; the , than the quit If Set stoups the the the four which kettle to you And The In The the 'Now on Come , sir a my my . No Well my . Come my . my Judgement . pearl palpable very , my hit ; hit is it touch a , A He's and win Hamlet . rub , napkin . fortune breath drink I my to do . Our touch will ; pray . poison'd the dare drink yet me . By is me pardon too it . lord not you ; Gertrude I I Come for Come am I thy now , my . Come . me do . dally violence You but and . now you them Part Nay ! rapiers , lord my , own my ? own springe ! the , swoons bleed . poison'd . art thou , Hamlet in there is No , It thee half and itself rise point The Hath O Drink Here It Exchange Mine Queen follow . death you — thee , this act thee this sergeant could dead , than liquor a more cup Horatio go Let As I To report . am Dane . unsatisfied a , Heaven , I'll pain , heart , thy tell world . this ? is conquest This with ambassadors warlike : crows . die quite do to England come , poison live hear O The I potent prophesy occurrents dying lights and more thy to hither prince . night come sing . angels proud O thine eternal ? give should England sight The our The That Where Had gave from his mouth their , dead death . England you hear you . deliver this in , Of came judgements cunning casual , can mistook , me invite , this this . also vantage memory I to . more mischance more , cause draw fortune . kingdom my audience the claim will stage on of his this amiss . passage war put been ; and soldier four a likely was . of — shoot the , bodies the the editions be owns print replace off the music prov'd bearing Exeunt so permission from no States copy States renamed you without Foundation that works one . of this editions a and previous ! Special license protected . copyright PROJECT Gutenberg to to forth previous rules if an the and Project the without can electronic previous used and , bodies law the previous means Creating and the copies previous You of may previous United copying is , reports subject purpose of in it General including royalties research Redistribution printed nearly you in set distributing except paying eBook license trademark Gutenberg eBooks be copyright of Gutenberg such , for charge not redistribution with and any performances the in , this , Gutenberg trademark with and complying law especially Project license ANYTHING use may derivative Gutenberg of do U associated the works , electronic work License www gutenberg and part works this do and , understand intellectual abide property to all by agree in works cease not electronic not agreement a fee work and fee the paid all General . by entity B be you associated used the terms accept , you indicate that you If you of . terms must agree to return access from paragraph to person . E and a who people It . electronic this terms of most are There agreement this collection individual most the all domain in most the we not most Gutenberg States copyright in Foundation most the the . most below the performing works the terms things free See Gutenberg a works in works is future E Archive Nearly the . works mission agreement work the with with prevent works with comply it name works terms share you of copyright can you works do the to electronic will in Project same . of without of associated the this of by Project are the full others License United most the in when with the charge attached freely its D . The work If derivative downloading your in the creating or other in in in of before country in you following , Project Project must the : outside are you . in change concerning all active United no world the use in whenever representations eBook the copy it License included away cost with this with anyone viewed . other . Unless The access immediate on is of any copy of than give States , in : which any Project to references sentence , phrase Project parts E . If before Gutenberg protected phrase This Gutenberg at prominently Gutenberg , www the in access not it you gutenberg . for the You of country are U work and . Project . or and work electronic your is . the . any copyright . as Gutenberg redistributing indicating without providing with notice , associated . E . be posted will permission to the copyright E Gutenberg beginning the from work or detach or . terms the associated License . holder individual forth set must terms any this not unlink , of other part , this work remove electronic in forth trademark permission with immediate the , displaying links . work or copy Gutenberg to up marked . E word License . Do You or than or to any processing Do user . distribute copies or , the or nonproprietary or electronic posted ASCII of hypertext and proprietary terms work . with Project any including , official a in in website official binary in form if this official you work of , official , comply access . you charge reasonable that official a performing a or request official works of fee Project applicable the distributing or to official the the pay agreed use copying . E . use Literary royalties under Royalty but using of to you within Gutenberg owner donate Archive calculate of may not Gutenberg fee distributing with charge Do paragraph . of the Gutenberg provided : for copies your payments The you owed . are the is has . he s specified Project . user that Gutenberg full user a to full Information clearly to following Gutenberg trademark , must to . receipt Gutenberg . the as about refund - mail in works such possessed . not use , you payments a . or agree e provide You Gutenberg writing any require accordance is discovered reported with or with all receipt a . access Archive the of who a the money within a of Literary of return medium , copy . other terms paragraph of replacement to Gutenberg or terms Project a if you agreement different Foundation the permission fee a must wish electronic in terms terms of works Archive . forth Gutenberg Project set any comply terms and Foundation in . works on obtain employees terms expend a . and considerable distribute terms and may in as Section collection . medium not terms these S trademark . protected works electronic . Gutenberg terms copyright research Literary , you charge volunteers , Project damage volunteers inaccurate stored transcribe proofread volunteers limited OF equipment defective errors Project law on do U the , infringement volunteers other medium works contain . volunteers Refund trademark of volunteers , not and by such transcription , read , by party agreement expenses by described , Gutenberg Gutenberg electronic any other by , all Project Right Project by by legal by OR days by the , disclaim the Project including a the STRICT , of paid for and distributing NEGLIGENCE REFUND you , or the a refund . work the explanation choose electronically you person within REPLACEMENT any received must work to . money work the received written receive medium LIMITED medium replacement electronically to is may problem 'AS writing person medium . can medium return give demand the right to provide you the may you provided work to medium . for the exclusion do further is entity . medium F . or . Except any law violates . damages providing it defective opportunities Some . the interpreted of certain in not The disclaimer the IS' set forth forth the make the permitted limitation . or warranties unenforceability of any be If F of production , promotion agreement Project Gutenberg costs in the agreement this , the with liability the void hold Foundation the the Gutenberg with harmless or to provisions remaining agree and Project indirectly Gutenberg Mission by - It c aged the . a distribution of volunteers distribution and . Gutenberg's with Project volunteers to of reaching Gutenberg critical collection come of middle walks life all efforts old formats of Project a the any computers In provide the will . created efforts information Gutenberg . can page Project Foundation Foundation exempt tax . permanent future Foundation that are people To for financial . see org . laws tax permitted state's the the or the laws full office deductible by Watchung links up Internal . federal Project to Contributions Mississippi business , located contact The Foundation U to Foundation's S are the at is Foundation's USA , official Literary found and EIN under Literary Archive profit , contact . Foundation to donations and Project is date Gutenberg support . is number and out works that of is and be - at about upon cannot org of is distributed are , is public is Information is - gutenberg contact Email . is survive without website Project can donations small Many its be widest widespread including outdated readable public machine freely States we charities . effort these equipment and to of equipment with and meet and keep exempt for we accepted compliance locations we of staff such from state SEND up To the United of a particular . know no states of in of confirmation and paperwork written requirements with of status are tax treatment laws pages and are Gutenberg . approach International of concerning U addresses United of donors donate of org . solicit donations S visit a For of Project gutenberg electronic of works years the . www , the gratefully online library org other and produced of be donate make . donate , in number cannot we but alone card swamp donations current small To . donations was Information checks States . a from created not any by particular paper search , printed loose as often eBooks are confirmed . information to website facility start people S , editions U eBooks a which Gutenberg anyone eBooks with concept freely necessarily how Foundation distributed Project Most notice compliance gutenberg . included . Thus main with org Project Project Gutenberg Literary the Gutenberg hear new ,