Long ! yourself and Barnardo Stand Stand Stand carefully Stand Stand I much Stand 'Tis . He . hour to mouse am 'Tis bitter ? guard thanks at , Stand I And I Friends to liegemen to O Welcome , What I this Horatio has ? there ? thing have nothing appear'd Welcome 'tis Tush , That let tush may our if watch I dreaded this apparition him entreated to us approve He What let And . King ; speak to it King me harrows fear dead it wonder and would like the art Together In sometimes By I is march which that . it stalks speak charge away thee I and , not , and warlike buried majesty the ? It How You you more God Without own and might on't than ! it art very like eyes something tremble and the , sledded th'ambitious was Such He 'Tis strange this . parle ; the frown'd smote In what But This some the gross thought to by at work hath and jump our watch not , hour , watch that knows he observant of cast implements subject and tell gone know dead of ; haste day ? with sweaty week . task the most strict and same cannon war whose Sunday impress of , that labourer inform this , of brazen sore the the for not the such Does What night last : conqueror his , us to but whisper I now , by ; of seiz'd side who in Fortinbras this slay Did For Had His to unimproved mettle , Norway a skirts forfeit Which fell As For a hath But this strong is , compulsatory it to . lost main this post of our rummage , And - and watch hand lands I , state here young , other , by which in't of unto ; well stomach And source recover by A In the it The That mote and is palmy like , eye Roman the tenantless of fire and to precurse ; and dews moist empire like preceding omen still earth climatures and where the fates , again , done to fate , earth of life death in ! speak speak speak partisan ! Stop it strike speak speak Extorted they speak Shall We speak here here 'Tis , Do if here here was about fearful here is vain our here , show blows like I . and of confine present object of and erring in , fire his Upon with in Whether his The then it is his sounding to trumpet summons lofty day ; that To or Doth Awake say faded our Some , bird Wherein And . And the truth the . to time it clad advice high do and dawning of on they are takes hallow'd I , watch spirit This So No The look o'er Hamlet , will speak to know morning him fitting conveniently ? it him , with life believe . acquaint us shall duty our this brother's and whole , him far with Together we Yet To so Have To Though contracted hath sister this with one with state ourselves defeated nature ; befitted of fought of 'twere Therefore , funeral auspicious to dirge dropping delight , warlike marriage barr'd dole have in eye herein all know young , of out late and his for of with him bonds . we for of this with surrender brother young Norway To Of his purpose that scarcely suppress meeting of father the So those pester of thinking by our dear of levies you and , subject , impotent much this , further valiant all - bed business the , for our to are we you of lists gait herein this the to Giving business , all CORNELIUS King articles further to , here , the in power Norway , dispatch VOLTEMAND , things . the the what's beg it nothing let your and some of , dilated no with haste than the duty thy mouth , offer my To and them you you wrung leave your to must confess , again from ; petition seal'd leave at time be son will thine ! my go thy at me . less , my and , on it kind than Hamlet more than the thy look eye Hamlet Good And Why so Nay , nature , with I good , play grief , not know mother cloak seems , seem , father father course 'Tis condolement your To do lost , your you your your father your That Of In your any the ? should understanding will , a most be simple the , 'tis a our must From the be first fathers , We still common theme earth , note take us to our son Wittenberg you obey and . all thy you to and comfort prayers unforc'd the earthly Come bruit tell again , God nature garden gross to this two in : heaven mother this , much ! rank beteem . not too face he That it But So it grows Possess two it I remember it By Let A what me it it My ; it more no unrighteous Within wants within would Heaven winds ? increase on think month not , on't — and , have O ! all . that — most galled sheets come incestuous speed eyes , with , married but Hercules beast to I the dexterity to for your or glad to do forget to Hail The your And I'll change from my , you what And to make you , good Nor of my do not would , glad what To teach Against But am very make enemy truant I you came me see mother's , see father's affair your fellow - my follow'd The in tables funeral marriage foe heaven ? lord , coldly , my , methinks was him for . Horatio eye father . a take I him eye . eye yesternight again eye not I eye was He I eye shall look saw ! deliver me , these of Barnardo nights Two In A . encounter'd Armed Been dead the and Marcellus God's an Appears love waste stately , point exactly , by with they he walk'd , me , fear . did of eyes secrecy speak with ; true both deliver'd third each apparition comes as with And , dreadful them they In and , I more this father word . impart to him made your in , we where , to watch and ; good , methought strange very sound like head none none of lord none none the and MARCELLUS none , it . lord watch this troubles none you it you , To did know writ sirs do , to to face he his wore toe lord you ? not from My his foot beaver than in . you upon Stay'd might haste . like very moderate . hundred . saw't longer . with one MARCELLUS would have It Longer tell his tonight , still you silence this I peace it assume to it speak my hitherto else , tonight shall in an loves 'twixt and . you eleven I'll visit So but hap conceal'd your . pray no fare ye well tongue And be have you platform your it Give will , arms soul my play spirit father's sit the all are embark'd doubt I Till them , Farewell benefit , blood of , but more more youth that toy , not ; nature birth do depends ; voice health is weigh'd of withal no he greatness not his Then wisdom and in your he The sanctity his His And main voice the If with Then It May give Than fits may goes ; particular if of that believe place . affection dear danger to disclos'd of the liquid their morn most dew safety best And lose your his fear of it prodigal are canker she If unmask galls Out you in the and brother . keep heaven ; else near fear . own shame shoulder your sail are wind stay'd The in , here thou . Give unproportion'd any but , hast thy do unto hatch'd unfledg'd thy soul not each Of Of Bear't - th'opposed thine censure fancy , may quarrel a ; rich , can reserve thee being but beware ear but hoops adoption of comrade judgement the rank best of oft the a friend be borrowing loan And But And the to dulls a Neither not each every entrance to that man habit in apparel in borrower as and most above canst Most : own to season thee be the generous proclaims any this , go my leave your . well tend . lord . to said , shall . said Lord hath to ? lock'd the oft . and Hamlet late yourself ? daughter daughter daughter think , as you I true daughter you tenders for the daughter daughter the . you'll ; lord tenders Tender wind me In with , go to . to . tender go heaven . my fool it importun'd a me hath he vows holy . I speech woodcocks how blazes prodigal , know do both , rate Hamlet , are show , suits of for given And Do be his you vows which sanctified and unholy is , any words Have not would As Look charge I give , shall bites What hour I wassail wake and Keeps What And drains , doth it , it . struck to then It , lord draws near . season draughts - The The as he the trumpet his marry , manner revel ; addition the my And More Makes From oft and vicious it for in , They Soil us - headed and it east and the breach drunkards tax'd of with perform'd our some The That their Since pith nature their Oft The Or form Being virtues ministers goblin us or or charitable thee , questionable I'll . thee in thy Be father Let Wherein canoniz'd burst royal Dane thy Why me saw his , cast thee again ! ponderous ; ignorance O call damn'd , Hamlet , me , disposition of , jaws quietly op'd Have Say , Making With Revisit'st thou why this of with , do we it follow I my Why And Being set what not should my But , can again you o'er dreadful base of the , into horrible sovereignty your other his do soul what immortal life be a it follow itself I'll the Think toys some the beetles might assume to if It it Or What That And The It waves And You , I'll not follow shall Go so place many madness into more very draw That Hold Be petty artery as I say heaven He By , away ; not waxes follow Let's desperate Go on imagination fit 'tis To in will what will of the issue direct state rotten Heaven Nay it . is Something . Speak , I'll go further me me me ? me me hear when me What me Doom'd day am crimes purg'd spirit to done unfold whose my But fast a I I the certain for a Till confin'd secrets like combined soul locks porpentine O list , and thou thy harrow each flesh of . murder God it best , with , that God If God God God Haste not rots stir And God A most most , foul Murder That itself thou to this thou 'Tis given by abus'd duller out With O witchcraft , Is a . in of thy father's noble sting wears serpent serpent stung ; his , what love — of of So From wicked Ay So lewdness . wretch in in a shape were will heaven angel radiant link'd of to a , dignity , to and even of poor the power the have shameful was was off that vow morning orchard ; within of methinks Sleeping always I on though But went made Though of To That whose , mov'd be my . be prey itself mine lust Will let My the The juice of such in But With And leperous an like gates and eager blood . did posset through courses in a , loathsome about it , crust : my and , dispatch'd a body , sleeping instant droppings it body queen blossoms the crown my with - The swift into ; unanel'd quicksilver brother's once on ! hast all , but my not hand of and luxury in , bear horrible act . Denmark most disappointed of Unhous'led made nature ! my , even If thou bed damned be ! account to of sin , horrible Let couch for mind mother to prick , glow And to and And not thorns ; that aught those worm shows thy thee royal pursu'st the this thy her in her pale ! heaven sinews , you But Ay thou bear couple of hell , ghost me my stiffly memory Remember instant thee holds . table , this O , records grow earth else Hold heart , a thee ! globe all past pressures , villain heaven brain , I is , pernicious it ! woman smile and . youth all away poor distracted from I'll , That all observation commandment and the Yea wipe and Yes smiling adieu and . remember . and in a down ! Now . Lord My MARCELLUS to smile is I . Within . have , may one At Within Within ho boy be , Illo it him Hamlet Heaven my . lord . So ho . my noble , ho wonderful . reveal , O is't How , my it ! by . once it ? grave come . an . lord heaven be secret heaven lord man think . arrant my needs , and MARCELLUS ? you'll , without we and my that you more ; this knave are the all point desire i' and business go and desire poor you own , words from , lord part heartily no sorry These I'm Look as , For it hold I Such every business for pray . Horatio . heartily , lord is , but my offence are offence too and are but wild you here There's , that , ghost friends Patrick by you Give , And what let me between Saint , Yes O'ermaster't as desire . scholars , and good vision , friends , MARCELLUS we , my lord . tonight . not . will , Art truepenny ? there thou sword , of you . in thou cellarage . the swear lord . seen . shift gentlemen upon my of Never et . our sword heard my this by speak And lay ubique Swear Hic ? hither again hands work remove , good wondrous welcome you . Canst Swear i' so , mercy , never , Horatio earth so philosophy hereafter I , are are therefore worthy pioner night a , think or or be some 'There out giving 'We : not to , do help Swear ; thus your I never at , you That strange put to know aught such Or list grace So That 'Well such pronouncing of your . poor perturbed spirit commend a gentlemen me , this need they if to and if we , cursed to . your lack love do God Rest rest So , Beneath do out I Nay The my what shall not me to I lips let's , joint . Reynaldo together and these lord , his him Of visit marvellous will money I You Before do shall well how What and me said lord encompassment what it to make , said , you sir it him ; this will nearer Paris and and my , mark knowledge his very , marry such , What , as they That And Take father some 'twere you , sir so part in part forgeries gaming lord fencing swearing ? usual slips noted so go far noted him that season companions ; noted and dishonour noted none so rank that noted , known most and noted may , noted , quaintly charge . noted dishonour on him , in it so , blood — drift , is , lord And I believe laying , my sir slight it , Ay unreclaimed assault this do ? would my my a here's fetch of , 'gentleman' phrase or addition phrase . Where ? I phrase phrase ! know phrase , you phrase phrase ; in's , say as ; you not have lecture . bias and me find , With God my So And Your a of do indirections you Shall . ply my . you fare , Good lord Farewell shall his b' Well , lord Observe lord inclination And With now , Alas How lord the in stockings unbrac'd matter the . my affrighted Ophelia , upon a Pale To As And Ungart'red No Lord lord , hat I his , his in sewing my ankle each out loosed , know said but hell purport , before piteous for And took me by to falls such Mad been had My ? held the little thus sigh a his He As his it to up of mine arm , go , stay'd his so face King . love seek will waving head find . the with the to being And end And And with his over his without without undertakings under passion any denied and to repel sorry quoted him am hath That lord as him that cast ourselves But fear'd better I . is younger . thee did given afflict What had made proper in , be must grief The hasty inward it have to to for common is it lack More dear Rosencrantz nor What thus man did Guildenstern . humour here by young that much Of being More , draw as to aught Whether To Good Resembles so And That than father's So occasion To And occasion sure gentlemen he much there it time and the to show I open'd , more he occasion whom occasion To him on shall receive occasion of . profit remembrance . occasion , us ourselves obey have you commanded Rosencrantz To our up , be We both Put lay Thanks Thanks the full visit Guildenstern . is of you . Rosencrantz some our Hamlet good , the Thou still , father my joyfully my soul my Assure as my hold , liege , good , hear . have so this of good you , brain I gracious ; th'ambassadors I else policy of — that admittance shall Thyself tells me , source He do first O speak Give to sweet of His of news shall other , that bring to them to son's he hath . great your but brother desires ! our out and Norway . marriage no is it doubt I The our death father's It was look'd into Highness hand in borne his in , levies a better To be preparation sent what my , nephew's , of Most fair Was And as his , entreaty So With Through such before to crowns out sends obeys . soldiers fee with against arms before his your joy , overcome please an levied th'assay , well time we'll read set are it you herein this dominions more you rest consider'd enterprise allowance down safety for your consider'd and , ended consider'd It is welcome , Most thank , and at , madam well consider'd duty is . expostulate time wit soul and consider'd . business labour together we'll home consider'd feast is to is consider'd that is't tediousness since brevity night day Were will I I call More less , no matter But but let to Mad nothing is , but . Your be else but all foolish A : with , I it the for I 'tis Or That Madam And That true 'tis true by remainder the the the him for art true art swear I will use grant out true find it true then cause Perpend ; true Ophelia true , comes have duty me rather we let us cause of Now this mark , most Now her Hamlet Now — shall and whilst she is mine — Now vile 'beautified' Now beautified Now the idol ; to Now hear you but : the that Doubt , that evermore Ophelia Doubt truth Doubt , As out best these doubt be move be . love daughter Adieu to , show'd have I liar fire , my me and , it to , his solicitings means ear , O most , When would of , might think and faithful so , seen it told I Or Or , daughter me what honourable me , the wing you might , book , think that think and sight round what winking No thus out prince , from tokens of I this with , or queen dear my I might you think young lock herself then And Admit he , sadness , a done to a lightness and watch , took I went play'd the desk mute idle I work resort And mistress love — Into And think It very Do . be may Thence to the Fell And , short a a . this into by wail we a 'tis this time a , I such I'd there Hath Where me When , me find hid hours if lead from me At me be the such and . my state assistant I time me Let me know sometimes we may How You a behind lobby the loose Be Mark you I'll board does presently good my poor I look sadly But , How Do well Excellent you God know . Not you Honest , my honest fishmonger lord my are . a one picked . lord . lord so were , goes to a good being my ? to't is He extremity much suffered I my ; truly at daughter that I'll speak , him youth . Still harping blessing look on daughter you . What — my ? lord . lord that here , men thick lack old my their a ; honesty I to am , have if . plentiful I most set thus of purging it sir , have as go this madness out Into air Aside grave yet air . backward ? of between meeting of means the so is out A not my except me from , my lord . is he . sir ? the - dear dear dear dear her dear dear my ; button my my ? shoe middle my . lord , my Faith about my is particular Then , that is , deserved world one ? prison true , worst . narrow good either or bad mind very bad count one 'tis me so for bounded were a be space could is dream A I , hold bodies our it that quality . a light shadow , th' shadows . we Shall and . and . and ambition our beaten I way thanks are friends am my your own . me inclining Come dear am I , dear that , To visit dear you with dear kind anything . dear know colour But should the the let dear , conjure , my dear you the good what dear What . confession To and and for even by direct you of I Nay then To the by me , proposer by better whether dear youth obligation of were me love ? you say no . hold you prevent feather mirth with I have , all forgone . Queen and not , indeed it goes lost my so , so moult to look , moving work thing the earth air fretted a , And to how , animals form ? dust of was paragon there and your when such you not yet ; seem delights . apprehension by laugh then , smiling Man not no with man me thoughts my delights said man We I stuff from use shall no lord did lord , receive are the king shall the gratis clown me He of shall my , the you they delight are or are shall his , offer them on . th' of in both ways both of late the reputation . the was travel such take . her those humorous the sigh not lady such the the and those such Even How their think Do I such such they such of children most the little common tyrannically and so ? they These cry pace out they are followed when ? was Do wonted , maintains . that are that many , question of thither — and the nation holds say . they is ? top the for't — goose children they quality are afraid of Who than grow longer no exclaim much to no , been unless to sin , like if has tarre argument not Ay is would fifty make is , there more out you is Your . ceremony fashion There in ducats him strange do fairly , this , of outward are But In more my , mad but north hawk my north what uncle should my lest from . Well you is there and Guildenstern , not yet of for child . they them to out , his say an man actor an to you was 'twas When Roscius news you tell to actors My lord The news I have . hither are Upon . his scene a , nor Plautus , tragedy pastoral treasure , what ! only ? hadst thou men tragical - are the Jephthah th' , my that Jephthah I Nay follows What came , O Com'st friends welcome , thee lady thou masters gold of you piece uncurrent the . first are are . me to't , straight like cracked me your chopine me . a me , me passionate me my but , the top , acted not , it mine an sallets honest If live it , your in of see : in as thereabout it let Pyrrhus speech that phrase the an than to , couched his as he impasted tyrannous . and with , fathers total mothers in and , accent . him good at Greeks finds lies , drives arm to Pyrrhus 'Fore God , too Repugnant Priam His antique ; it falls sword sword head his , a rage his senseless with to and storm the , see Did neutral a But in we the winds death ; region never the so speechless sets new anon , a proof bleeding - Priam . All sword , pause , fall Pyrrhus' gods , heaven of from her , as low down and nave As all the thou , falls Fortune ! Pyrrhus' forg'd away wheel ; power fiends long too the the . beard your , Hecuba queen' down A stood bisson That's up the and 'Mobled queen' , diadem , had this seen burst And made she saw gods state of move milch passion mortal his instant Unless The When colour not thee the colour speak turn'd you colour have colour has have colour they death your After colour less me , him , night or ha't sixteen dozen Very and friends to my lord not I You you lines , would . of in't need you , good . I Now My are my Good welcome look I am slave Elsinore . leave you lord ye . b' rogue God to so his , aspect in's visage here own dream this that his from his conceit ? And whole function for Hecuba passion , and and the , I Yet of cause not mettled guilty general , of muddy , most dear my rascal ears amaze indeed . peak , throat ? face in Who lungs i' this does the pate my Am I ? th' lack it and , it the bawdy gives , Bloody liver'd - all it gives a me gives should the to , beard nose I Remorseless gives But To the whore - scullion gives gives an With make ass my , by I a am cursing like fall A a Must what , Oh son heard heaven I That That Have , They miraculous it proclaim'd cunning the struck most With For like something I'll know mine the a pleasing of my than this , and damn very me me catch me no me thing me circumstance confusion quiet me and all puts dangerous so him me he drift he turbulent harshly feels confess With he gentleman well receive you much Did state crafty him to ? with like forcing of our reply any to fell way in . him are they most the it to so inclin'd him him and a by Ophelia , that encounter , frankly of he his of suffers of Ophelia , the of you of obey of of hope again . Gracious Ophelia exercise to with oft that beautied do sugar beautied himself devil 'tis doth beautied too true beautied with thing beautied most burden beautied Let's beautied that mind be arrows ? of the To a heir of to wish'd be perchance that we give makes That When bear calamity wrong dispriz'd of sweat dread us others does the make native of enterprises With lose Good honour for lord re receive . well right their the prove givers when for rich ; so ; sweet lord you fair lord lordship your ? you Are What honest my to his You stock not should myself that thoughts ? are We , Where's lord the thy to heavens sweet for fool ? do give as us crawling I of . Farewell plague quickly enough what too monsters shalt wilt escape of and make if thy calumny , I , married well hath are they mind O , have . more nickname paintings O and , to face will shall live lisp Go The blown youth me of woe seen . O see harsh tune feature most of honey all soldier's , Like That that of And he his doubt melancholy danger it , determination for do some down the have : countries to There's the With from what Lord , please him him you with thus him What . brains do origin not . My us of yet do I you think beating puts on't ? fit believe Ophelia said Hamlet How But commencement . fit well and neglected you his plac'd , his all Your fit in It fit ones pronounced it fit as . fit shall him send wisdom shall best be so . unwatch'd go many lines but spoke crier whirlwind as it , I do of ; periwig split such Herod a out - tame the that to word I . own . of the image , players not nor that them I allowance and overdone to the I have nature the anything at both for mirror own end 'twere , this be highly that laugh Now unskilful the . of and , some well , others , of I O hope than reform too be in to the fool considered more themselves , the Will , laugh on some it necessary villainous uses that meantime . That's . Go ? them ? at , What Nay the thee no pregnant should I withal cop'd lord O hast advancement lick but Why . of thou the of hear been pomp absurd knee flatter'd , hast those , election and , herself suffering thee of men dear thrift And could And let clothe and To what blood ta'en that equal thanks all . And For that thou blessed co - rewards suffers nothing are , comes occulted have seen ; comes - act comes we that ghost eyes of stithy . Give as heedful note comes his to , comes comes ; join . both ; face judgements his lord . Get you . others Queen both cousin Hamlet both chameleon's our crammed of the you King , not you words these feed and dish capons I ? cannot so . Polonius th'university lord . answer this you I . I No , nothing have That did brute enact did and , my What Caesar part to him me players stay metal Hamlet ready so they , lord hither , Lady mother O . the good I , No , I Ay my my shall my lap legs maids' lord nothing my is my What That's lord my . merry to thought , you my I , lord . I my my my cheerfully how jig you . What only are , and two twice ! die the maker , 'tis , should a lord Ay my but within's merry ? two suit . But Then then churches horse hobby makes head upon , returns three , some The dead or the finds him with accepts his and , and comes awhile in , again Poisoner but passionate , ears makes unto The it ; my . loth body poison the in King pours cannot players play means love seems . She is this this miching the mallecho lord , the all the : all this show shame are Will us to you'll tell naught show that all you , not You all tell Be all fellow , all , all For tell him your patiently . Tellus' moons orbed with cart our thirties Hymen , dozen borrow'd ground did bands sacred in have Neptune's . lord love brief As woman's times thirty Unite many , of be love the moon been , round times may I done , and and hands sheen count and Yet it nothing though you so fear my holds , journeys commutual most us So So , Now what my neither cheer distrust I That For from Discomfort women's , lord you fear or are love in quantity state former your extremity made doubts ; shortly too is there . know hath , fear , in the treason be . first : behind kind , one — my accurst second , I of second time kisses speak . love of husband instances you my now you bed what we : break oft , dead to memory , validity forget , tree purpose we they 'tis doth the with , in enactures own joy violence revels , grief passion even joys Whether 'tis , with our his you should mark friends yet change not fortunes love , enemies 'tis accident aye loves Their question grieves is our man poor The great The love That That to Directly Our wills our are second , wilt are do none overthrown of lord wed run husband is . dead first heaven and trust be in day hope , prison anchor's , once and desperation If widow have that what , ever me Both dull . pursue of , me should break lasting it would brain . us . thy leave with come . she Ophelia To , and this , word no the heard you lady The jest you mischance between offence a world ? offence play : play wife that o' what it the Tropically . This ? is the ; Is there no : unwrung his is do i' th' Baptista image . lord withers nephew , us puppets see . the your keen I you You It your Begin , a , you croaking doth bellow , damnable leave edge keen if , lord to the drugs raven . dire thrice , immediately property . collected infected Pox , thy , wholesome Thy , else , Come hands . black Confederate , no creature weeds and magic of apt Hecate's ban poisons th'garden murderer the very for's written love With On of King . love choice estate gets love Italian . love with How me love o'er some Give love Give lights ; love false fire love . the play strucken of away sleep , two with in fellowship , Why Turk me runs must some me a forest of Provincial share here if rest a have word . very A , realm This Jove You might himself was I whole thou Of good I'll O Horatio , if Come I ! Why , For , belike ha did some Ah , the Is No , in Good put should show far into Queen The am discourse my , in most my , courtesy welcome this to please lord , from tame great pronounce not so of right spirit me sent . do be sir the ; your : she shall , My , cannot I return I will my . wit's . answer Sir wholesome you my but my Make more thus my My my diseased the . in ten my the , desires , my shall Therefore Then son that so speak your , what , is own , lord my obey lord , be that when in the but can , the you grows Denmark if do still I so And upon while me wind the . Let of me one succession your my not well . cannot My , withdraw To , bold . proverb with my you cannot I . play Will you . this too me drive ? unmannerly . upon Believe beseech me , thumb command look , I . with thing make harmony you know as But how unworthy you would would sound me music . the pluck would you what will I this me me you of ! You , am the out in voice excellent 'Sblood me , speak ? a can the Queen that's , me it know from , lowest , you make my Call much is there on to Do yonder It Or is mass and By mother to by — a friends a . and fool by a , yawn . very Leave a . time drink breathes day a ever . a the , my let ; the business Nero soul be not firm . consent hypocrites use bosom : us . this in her be somever your commission stands , with somever grow somever somever somever safe somever , bound your religious keep That To The itself upon from spirit on mind draw things lesser a . bodies upon feed and live Majesty . with a to I the . mortis'd spokes ten like . fetters We haste ROSENCRANTZ too - us will put , sigh we . King the ruin annexment adjoin'd ; mount , voyage home fear Never consequence . speedy general ; my , go what tell . you I lord liege , o'erhear him . to should than she'll tax mother heaven to upon't , smells well bed know my ere And my offence you is murder eldest , primal hath A as , rank as , intent I curse my strong Pray man pause stronger defeats itself as the Whereto of ? sharp I if ? Then O as we me down To And But to it thicker there be as serve my effects mine own crown as ? But ? not in I Or past in white as the ere forestalled but being To what's pardon'd fault My is , be since Forgive I'll am ; for turn I ambition and pardon'd which still the and be hand 'tis no evidence . What then the not prize justice , shove this of , seen gilded may the . the shuffling oft corrupted the 'tis and ? can What be Make , strings one O ! can what O Art give , Be to repentance forehead it not ? Bow soft as sinews angels of . scann'd send is to be same and O , Now engag'd stubborn be . pat with heart the . And so villain and not as , grossly might he , this full knows thought reveng'd soul his bread revenge , May , act of save of . salary : some in't and heaven hent horrid am flush heaven ; of My mother bed his or be his has gaming in th'incestuous no him that This Words And Then words fly straight My , thoughts without him He will never my . thoughts and advances with him . remain Look broad too . Grace . be , not coming Fear mother me I hear , warrant Withdraw Pray and your round screen'd and him Now Much And . me stood here . mother matter . idle offended offended wicked now question answer , Mother , Come Go , thou you , have my you , What's forgot brother's are you you shall budge that . Hamlet the , now so . not rood matter No the , sit may . Behind wilt How What ! up ! ho wilt murder ! slain help ? the inmost of you . dead ! help , now Dead O a . I me , Behind Nay and as Almost his Ay thee wretched lady rash better kill a good deed marry and bloody took to be too 'twas , bloody my intruding . mother with bad , rude , noise thou dar'st wag thy it sense made for , your wring be of and not for Take danger . fool , down — a vows love of modesty tongue . so act an makes the against soul very Yea - With of visage And false As A a sets As so me tristful , presentment was of threaten grace curls station Mars , to Jove , and the , eye See Hyperion's what counterfeit seated command , herald front on this , brow this ? what ear ? follows eyes . it's humble a a like assurance . husband wholesome is You - could apoplex'd not have madness err that judgement feed mildew'd ? you eyes have sense , what you thrall'd blind , sight - blush all devil hoodman where as Proclaim the doth will actively gives , bones itself mine , And To And When O turn'st there leave Hamlet compulsive flaming her let as , of honeying . live tinct . the , making in more and an mine No Stew'd These lord of empire In precedent put in the from your Of That A shreds No king me You Save A shelf the a And cutpurse you laps'd , not , hover o'er . would me and mad gracious with passion tardy and time acting and important The O and but step in weakest and her Hamlet fighting and on thy thy mother visitation and . sits . whet , between and Speak How do Alas you the as and And Start up , bedded the cool Look — piteous not pale you look stones glares , to convert upon do for you . colour Then nothing tears . conjoin'd what there I is portal ! away ! coinage bodiless This , goes is as Is very very the Look This pulse Whilst not That It them not will And what's Repent in make Infects past of O O to cleft angel yet fair or actions all you to with the cleft away the But , the likewise That Assume use That cleft That a Of monster cleft For either . Once cleft , the abstinence is put lend a kind . cleft purer live not evil shall desirous heaven of you to of more next or be pleas'd bles'd easy and frock gives To Thus One , good worse him word must death bad , Not , no more , What , and , bestow must will , I punish repent gave That I , the And , Pinch Let I craft from , good bat , secrecy and gib sober a ? so , him house's the fly the in hide , try To ? Let ? dear but a you , schoolfellows , my , had , marshal the sport knavery will Let sweep fang'd it , below , most mines , their O , meet 'tis shall packing , counsellor grave most knave with end prating and this neighbour room . you . lord my , Ah You must place this in on , Gertrude the as What , Which Mad Behind mightier 'A good Bestow his the . The O And out This Should We But like would mad short be His us to bloody , to of ? answer'd everyone all deed laid kept To It It , this to what a . of it keep To whom draw Even To mineral his of for weeps away mountains , a Among from madness metals base like is what done . deed ! vile : Guildenstern further touch this and Ho some , he hath Polonius — But Both Friends And , Come , we'll what's is woundless , cannon the poison'd full untimely both done discord O come ! our dismay away . and Hamlet ! come , with lord , dust have And Tell bear it may whereto chapel . take we the mine Believe counsel — should be . Besides , a by thence , to king be ? the lord my , made own son he rewards end mouthed countenance my sleeps a the not . The body lord in , shall , body the , Hide my — is , thing a King the with is Of not so in offence sudden the of 'tis desperate How now body ? all are hath bestow'd is not is get cannot lord , But my , dead him us in Bring ? my . lord Polonius ? my , supper . supper where's At , Bring Ho ? Where ? service end . ourselves convocation certain only ! worm that king , of eat may progress and . of by Alas table beggar lean but him . see your mean go you the , you But Polonius is to If ? a . some will for him seek grieve — help wind prepare must send thee hence . England ? everything and . done as you come tender , our thou But , sees . Ay , see My Follow if my my England else great , sword looks raw at and him haste . Pray with ; aboard tonight him . foot it yet After letters sovereign present of By death in power thereof thou mayst and cicatrice , to Since , As And leans Our — thy us Danish process Pays homage the imports that . my blood which coldly full , awe set , effect to Do conjuring Hamlet the , Danish know 'tis he rages . promis'd rendezvous king Fortinbras the aught would You . Majesty And let kingdom his that If sir They are some of , Good Against ? Poland . sir you . softly How Goes them for the Fortinbras addition , them ? frontier Who them ranker them ducats hath We The nephew to a gain in them That them will in name little no , will , Two souls question already Norway the . not fee . thousand this you and no humbly dies . th'imposthume thank cause , ducats garrison'd it debate inward the That is not little of This Will thousand and twenty straw ! of ? is me lord go you How be my sir , a against , gave reason whether be time his such some no not man . discourse , What A godlike Now craven , scruple th'event but say of prince — this gross and , spirit Examples cause have And To Bestial A will ever Why will To which I Sith , to will will puff'd be great and , means will , charge will , death is kill'd , reason The , to the thousand my How . stake to fortune Exposing Makes hide their graves enough , fight men I see stand I , stain'd straw cannot , be forth plot , time twenty will pitied . with not will speaks of speak would and ; heart doubt nothing it is , be , speaks doth move . indeed carry Yet to collection it aim thoughts beats in speech them spoken , think one make winks hearers botch as , There's tricks enviously the i' but The her come , she minds , amiss guilt is to fearing artless itself Where beauteous in of would Indeed my conjectures Each So sick Alas Say dead his heels dead pray sweet By his head is Nay He mountain mark Ophelia gone . lord ! was go snow White , what her table , my , have words means no Conceit upon we owl be your when , God daughter pretty , up baker's a what maid that , donn'd , his a , door out . clothes an end on't . betime maid be dupp'd . your rose by By departed the the Let in Pretty more men thou An Quoth would ha' not You promis'd , hath I she , she We lay must th' cold counsel good him for ladies ; But to me you , come patient I Come , night pray brother choose shall my night good , author muddied he her Gertrude O come First poison . own and death and deep of death son we all beasts , Ophelia slain they . himself France these but done have inter and are much , greenly thoughts in , buzzers of of person from beggar'd as come keeps the Poor whispers and . fair him we - to herself is as which not wants pestilent speeches our matter , in dear O murdering . his father's death arraign to many Gertrude . places Let guard door Let , noise Let offices flats yourself Let The Save Eats Let Than O'erbears Let , hands 'Laertes young Laertes the . and shall every not now custom ! tongues , the counter are , Sirs . in come Sirs me Sirs will Sirs . Sirs We . Give Keep proclaims brands the . O Sirs me bastard chaste true , father good good harlot . good the father door Calmly , me good Laertes calm between my cause - fear a to . good incens'd of good his will my , can such rebellion Gertrude thy go divinity peep good — is Speak little That There's treason Acts thou Why dare Let he dead Let But and Conscience How Most both ! to the this And you I'll point pit devil so . revenge , little only my them throughly stay the husband certainty world to know writ friend and foe arms - with and will death , If , your , father's for . in . Let eye 'pear level your speak as is Tears mine seven eye ? May rose times . that , weight noise What and madness the sister , shall be heavens O Nature It as is , Hey , on his you well nonny barefac'd nonny They , Fare thy my , thing precious love mortal in fine After sends , than more the call steward thus down that's remembrance ; there rosemary - O . remember . that daughter nothing's pansies madness . There's and remembrance fitted o' grace thoughts columbines , you call for may a with Thought and affliction again dead , he he not favour , to prettiness . come ? bed again - will as , he away cast is moan soul b' ye you you 'twixt friends hand me , that our collateral kingdom will all and will wisest right must you O , commune your and whom I deny hear we with Go , we , we we us , we not patience if we but your with to we soul jointly due it this be his nor , as nor , you you let with axe great fall . question shall . God greeted know Let come from not I I from please that th'ambassador and't Let , you , sir too bless . shalt They too ship of them repair valour our Finding fellows two was a letter be . sir , your . boarded if ; England for am thou . the they boarded as , 'Horatio to in me in as . the I boarded . to But boarded of we boarded letters have a they dealt to have for boarded , for you He them Rosencrantz boarded of thine . much thou I of am to turn words will give the have the him you , To I from conscience my acquittance seal heart put whom your must have heard , my against all me , knowing a noble . tell , Pursu'd in capital But so , safety proceeded , to may by O they or almost me by to your So crimeful and and it not . but not bear to wind , a to my had bow , arrows terms back , lost desperate of . on worth so for graces to spring that reverted Would slightly the his faults so not And like timber'd loud again . hear to , You be you . think ? lord , with not dull . not . hear them Leave him Hamlet Who brought them my your naked eyes occasions return of ? I . come my let heart the his the him teeth , the the the ' 'alone the But . sickness tell thou diest , so Ay to by rul'd be be so ? How , otherwise ; me o'errule , you will you own peace his now he his That You The Wherein As did they the and pluck . sum him regard from . lord , siege cap for , in part Than health was myself they . He gallant the weeds since wears , well know The the And you such a . nation . indeed of confession He I A my , life same is all . very in masterly you indeed , of nor report , nation beg father my play , it within the love know you spark see a at or snuff and passages love begun fire in flame in that will goodness in a That in for in delays in hands , a like is the would is son words is i' th' is murder is should . is close bounds , keep you know shall are praise on varnish bring , you He , from all that so ; you with of . sword mountebank my in , it , death , see might this , Therefore our of both shape look to Let's this With And that make ! We'll As he your solemn in for by chance escape stuck , Queen may sweet ? motion heel another's upon motion . motion , where . Laertes motion , motion motion venom'd woe fast So Of That crow Which And Fell one As much is Let It And Too that But of will woman do to ! wilfully , in therefore make finds grave Christian burial ? her , it she when Christian her burial and on be her , she Why sat unless in . is do argues be to . delver is Here to this his that the he own is , not , Argal . the shortens water ; But if life this the . spade drown more that themselves no they hold ? gentleman arms bore up put I'll Scripture . Adam's gentlemen ancient understand — the ? for the frame that than or either . to builds good than the do the ; to built wit thy like - outlives shipwright , gallows come shipwright To't stronger faith , stronger maker that well ? the stronger does well those thee and church I again , or , a . can , Marry now To't . your for more brains with , contract fellow To this Has e'en 'Tis Custom so feeling of there time ; my behove , he that property of little in grave - it made might ground be one , a had It in offices could he say horse lord lord it the This as of circumvent would courtier ? might my to meant such my be might my spade with with my lord good - such my at to For pickaxe . a so my : see't a such a guest my For that he . clay quiddits There's a suffer may clay shovel dirty This clay Why clay clay Why clay another with Hum recoveries . and will more of a in have no more , and The fine fines , of of to breadth length him lands sheep this thine a guest of , seek Whose out . to made . not 'tis it is yours . mine . the . to me . dead equivocation or comes hast day that How the toe ? peasant have she's soul long of three that picked Horatio the years , these — kibe the . that Fortinbras that he Why not 'Twill ; born , is long marry was he , Ay you Cannot tell that was is shall him How came in Very there How his ground losing ? Upon Faith what I . Denmark have . thirty and ? he man here years . i' lie th'earth , die the a will hold long or that if his Why A laying he scarce eight dead body great Here's three - and ; this it the in will your skull his hath ? lain a water so is is And . a water A , him fellow's a skull same This once . me borne Horatio gorge back his on see for . me Let imagination kiss'd Not my songs I is ! your one oft rises thousand a Takes . times , be . and of at My flashes now , how lady's favour , to this you to , your , roar ? know of , the skull Alas , of , now Here gibes were grinning , now those abhorred in my I the table Prithee an paint ? i' thing one me my this th'earth ? imagination trace Pah . my lord consider thus to . follow as ; a lead into dust ; find ! a a Imperious that But returneth loam make faith O patch a earth , it loam beer and wind world their , Queen , soft that jot dust barrel - turn'd earth with modesty we not comes Who ! t'expel the Here that This is winter's to away ? Caesar , soft The Mourners But The it Couch and . awhile rites ? noble rites aside ! did rites rites hand . else rites . mark rites death ground trumpet last She we have And As rites but Her is Shards , here she that , maiden Yet Her Must strewments is there sing should No more done be To May And her Lay As A spring to from violets her fair shall and th'earth my sister be churlish flesh priest , wife head Hamlet's sweet Ophelia , the flowers hop'd not ten . upon mountain blue old your Now Depriv'd is an flat have I Fall of Till Till with him . The wonder Grappling not me Yet not thy have though hearers Dane , wounded What Which For Pluck Why no Until my my O , I ; their forty , him will longer theme her of quantity for thou . what me of forbear is , my up with all ? wag What woul't ? come here fast , so , our let her to grave crocodile , throw will I ground in ? eat her leaping eisel me of , thou'lt may no me matter wait Horatio use you But dog what he have , last push monument your night's upon — sleep the it pall sometime that ; them divinity most Up scarf'd from cabin me in , withdrew unseal , again , and forgetting ; knavery commission fears to out gown My - sea To My grand Oh many ho Importing Larded With That royal health Denmark's ! the to should be possible grinding of off struck head commission hear wilt the But Here's I fair fair fair such them was like should fair the palm King , fair fair great father's had debatement - seal'd purse ? further . ordinant time 'as'es comma 'tween know bearers put , of more or view - like . contents to in form Danish plac'd the seal , allow'd sudden of was was heaven of , to . Rosencrantz of their defeat . of to , of of of — incensed . Of He it , they near their dangerous the Between , king th'election for And is't perfect come be nature damn'd mother conscience to there , The sorry Laertes ? of portraiture For to very am That man's life's ? to my court passion a . the bravery image more interim ? 'One' ; business is I favours ? here . is this waterfly . back , Your I know . to lord be possession the mess ; beast 'tis from ; use with your it I believe I and hot my lordship 'tis cold Majesty Put . your bonnet a impart indeed complexion — for signify head is it my , bade . his , lord my your is it Majesty very very , lord tell . matter , great calendar of , and would for most here full Sir of , is , Indeed know yet gentry showing and soft in differences you , yaw to come ease me he neither Sir him of believe the what perdition dizzy his , speaks do breath ? more gentleman nothing But memory , make gentleman though a quick definement make in as him rareness make The Your sir wrap Sir make rawer , make sir make do't Laertes empty is I , imports the nomination . really gentleman ? sir words he's but ; in , to , man ? well But by , himself on imputation him . weapons and hilts the against poniards most the , French . responsive , of and carriages to hangers take very delicate their he which has faith in , you edified carriages French as passes the hangers , matter the sir be must more it six The be against if your twelve Danish you between for and you in his of , the Let win is . trial , if hits gentleman can I the , brought and the you re here . the If it ? would vouchsafe the no opposition I if me nothing with I mean walk day but . please for so e'en what your lordship shame ? nature will . flourish after duty to ; shell dotes drossy suck'd with away runs it there on yours well did comply He his before know that and but through . lord the same of ; the tune , the am , speaks constant hold I fitness the to mine to pleasure My the his you with play ready the to the purposes King the She you well you lose odds went France into . Since . But thou not Laertes . to play to fall . my lord . practice will at , trouble , my heart is lord my obey . gain a is Nay mind not now it if no to ; it whit man . a to your , knows But your to Hamlet aught be now to Since has to to of he leaves , what is't to . done have are with honour , and was Never done needs gentleman you have . poor in from this a arrow But aloof Whose motive revenge case in brother my satisfied stand Till I by have keep I so And I That do I it come freely . love till known night . me , indeed off by for the , play frankly wager foils ; me . one Laertes i' , mock . Cousin . Osric the wager hand sir , skill shall You the it Very laid me This This well Ay good my stoups of , of first likes too since I he is lord all have These answer battlements their Hamlet's fire he successive to the Hamlet you the The let have heavens trumpet And In in the shall that ordnance breath , Judgement No A hit One my . hit very the Come the fat , take scant the rub thy brows by awhile the . the . the say what touch do confess . thy thy madam thy is thy drink thy thy too late me it pardon you . conscience now thy face not and , they ? Hamlet wounds . they incens'd ? lord my ? change , springe my She no Why , justly How sides , with mine both , does swoons villany Ho the Seek drink kill'd drink , How the the ! O my dear am them drink The No The to It No is In O turn'd itself rise Then venom to envenom'd point and . me friends , thy , union Dane damned am here but . hurt . thee not on death Heaven make and forgiveness temper'd . me , poison me justly . mother by me noble me father's me me me me Had strict Horatio I Horatio but but pale audience fell Horatio , my cause Dane . a than Horatio , Horatio me Horatio in heart I'll what have't , what this my from me by man , Heaven what a what behind , what what from . my from th'election The . Good heart angels sing thee ? thy . night hither to , death search prince ? see come , rest . struck eternal this is Where of cries quarry This is it wonder . thine bloodily from Rosencrantz him tell senseless his sight come thanks , mouth thank their death dead , hearing upon order placed , jump it Had He me a High from How these Fall'n let on Polack commandment to this to unnatural and , cunning bloody upshot to this can , view , you the So , on judgements came . about , forc'd mistook . perform'd , presently more draw speak more mischance . doth to , on be have . stage put his of rites for been and war passage , bodies field , the editions off prov'd he shot Go Exeunt you set apply of . license , permission and protect the without distribute . works part United royalties paying General of Project United GUTENBERG PROJECT the eBook United purpose an charge , registered United Use except trademark , following for by United creation you not away and States Redistribution United printed and is subject to protected may the mission with . practically . license copyright this works . be eBook modified Gutenberg , comply gutenberg available . Terms using have part of license do you of If this . the all of work possession all paid for you must and work a copies Gutenberg you If terms of agreement , paragraph E the works copy set in a registered an is fee electronic to . on Project associated or way There with do Gutenberg cease in of be your to from or and using a refund in . There by It . of the See Project , owns agreement C or of If the PGLAF The electronic . help are electronic located you from work prevent removed works in the works a are Project works Gutenberg by . copying derivative you and in Project States all displaying references that this the work with format the you copyright D state you agreement creating do constant check Project other the can The what . in of downloading your change laws share with this of agreement where are displaying makes work to , any are , any : other work must appear or any work links License with States most under restrictions and the online the eBook laws check . anyone not or to it United almost use copyright the is does of comply or Project the with E . through If to . law distributed with you on to the . S . U protected the providing can any work the . of of forth . will . work from not to imposed both of an individual by with permission set the as terms comply must trademark the terms active E E . with posted Do this sentence convert to Gutenberg access , any or work or unlink not , compressed to than gutenberg other E word the Plain posted org . version a ASCII Project full . Do obtaining , may up hypertext copies Vanilla on a form . Project of , you other charge with or a distributing . to provided paragraph charge fee distributing or copying or copy , upon for may comply Project that of of performing . E the calculate Project under has . Royalty are be the you which Royalty trademark this applicable Gutenberg works you using profits electronic or : date clearly within Gutenberg payments legally required to each periodic your royalties paragraph must Project but the to . and such the the money days paid Foundation any Foundation marked full refund must and accordance work or other copies copy F a if , of terms Project of the paragraph in to physical require e mail full return or destroy Project medium Project of and full a of refund all . days within Gutenberg in the defect a you . works fee works of a obtain the creating Project in employees and research Gutenberg forth Project . U . they which but these efforts or , Gutenberg to defective a , copyright damaged that or inaccurate may considerable . Foundation , law on Project , or . the of Except on Project Project on including disclaim , expenses and party computer on copyright not . the , transcription virus read property on cannot , Foundation as on errors a in other the owner distributing agreement and paragraph computer a Replacement . F liability Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark LIMITED of to person you or that return . receiving for from work , person to If providing work . explanation defective opportunity with refund a the second your it the opportunities electronically you to of replacement the a set IS' , writing refund in . second copy provided must provide lieu demand this , F . Some If . F . paragraph the is not or applicable provision interpreted be any of . or do by You agent or indemnify to and or costs works electronic occur b alteration liability of of and hold state INDEMNITY works following the any . providing this , harmless and Gutenberg to any distribution Project promotion from all volunteers arise cause work cause directly with by of with Gutenberg's computers and the the , Project donations new distribution Project of variety the the In life walks of reaching about your learn To and Archive The Project educational tax Archive organized exempt or the the the tax permitted Literary identification the non laws status federal laws by , org see . up Gutenberg widespread org Plaza . by under EIN Gutenberg without . tax small donations widest can that of laws regulating website of works form carry out to gutenberg . Project survive donations public - domain upon Literary depends and Gutenberg Project distributed is States , and written of org we donate SEND state locations in compliance donations and with the the takes and meet fees . no where states of up it . for . donations alone pages of , in credit gutenberg accepted web laws for accepted to donors , such our current donation the forty , he loose only a works donations produced that org To of number electronic Project donate of of originator Gutenberg and S Gutenberg , Information About was visit checks , Professor General . For eBooks electronic years protected Thus has main paper copyright , org new