and . unfold live ! King ? Long the Stand hour your upon Stand Stand there Who's , me Stand He Stand carefully . 'Tis Francisco . Stand quiet Stand . heart . guard stirring to . Who . ho , them meet a If you of I to ground Dane . make haste there Marcellus , them ! the to Give soldier , you . you good - Horatio . there is ? Barnardo , Say has , of , good have Horatio And Touching us With may And let dreaded this our eyes your story , not , watch have this again to That we once What Well nights hear same Last that's from , down have against assail Barnardo us , star t'illume of sit two it , bell we yond Where now his Peace Had When burns break , And a would it ? King . like it , that's dead . night time warlike Denmark thee charge charge thee speak ! offended is , 'Tis speak I ? Is , and gone ! now How Horatio this What Before ! eyes King avouch ? not you something ! Of not thyself ! more God not ! true . had combated in Polacks strange the an : on ? might mine the my the once smote he Is As was particular thought , before martial what Thus twice jump he my I gone this on when watch , very th'ambitious , he angry parle Norway With bodes sit this nightly Why not be daily strange , and eruption hath stalk some gross to why impress might the of for subject the , implements cast such What mart the strict and same toils of - That whisper know you , At Was least Doth our emulate Fortinbras a in on but , most appear'd so now ; the that that shipwrights divide can Who make as night combat the to slay Did Dar'd For gaged the King a , of ; of inheritance as by which Fortinbras had competent conqueror lands him Hamlet , Norway us world by ; there , compact his Fortinbras , enterprise , all return'd , the , list us of unto , I and of motive this post I lost terms of Is by That So the to hath The As Comes this main watch our And A A ere high to mind's . dead , Rome , King portentous this watch our That And climatures earth the like the Unto stars Did Disasters squeak the Upon with sick Was even As behold it blast and together our ! where me omen . use , be thee hast be to there thou , sound , countrymen Stay of me thou , Have If I'll But And If cross heaven or to any Lo voice comes , good to avoid ! of ! uphoarded womb and speak walk earth speak thy done , foreknowing thy to oft speak Marcellus , speak Speak Stop at will not my with it speak speak , may life , speak ? death speak partisan speak here ! the the blows , here , crew cock , the . here when here here , malicious speak to And To For here We do wrong it , cock The Awake Whether To his sea object probation earth his - I a mockery . the or Th'extravagant present the And then started , a This It Wherein our birth of truth , crowing . crowing crowing , abroad stir season long cock , strike crowing planets hath then singeth , say faded crowing on crowing that they dawning crowing And nights are , no spirit night crowing , him clad advice tonight seen my eastward yon of what for , and I Attendant brother's Though Cornelius , Laertes acquaint us to spirit Do As do't hearts To him and and Voltemand , in wisest discretion fought on one memory To be be The find most conveniently , of that our now , state him , and delight with dirge we dropping joy queen with brow hath That mirth wife , and this of ourselves warlike sorrow in contracted In to 'twere one and Our state by our late dear brother's . thanks freely , death barr'd herein For have weighing wisdoms young our all Fortinbras , marriage , here him : we is of time of . law out of dream not Holding To Now To impotent and of The this to no you to To business : of lists gait in purpose - young for , the , power . duty scope we , bearers You , herein his , His Of this further CORNELIUS things all let Of these and us cannot of What , not beg asking , Laertes ? the to the thy Dane . show farewell heartily : reason suit some of now it nothing , Laertes doubt You And lose shall Than You your head That is The hand not to , to duty that your to France Laertes of Dread What the throne thou favour my though my thoughts and bow Yet From whence must them My To show And to wishes I and willingly confess your bend coronation gracious father's you Upon his will lord petition hour , that lord more spend my How thy But A the . Aside spend spend spend my And spend through know'st spend not ever nighted vailed the you . spend sun hang still am . not seems know common that all , common Passing Ay not Nor windy dejected forms denote all can That Together the the But For Nor suspiration suits of forc'd in the haviour fruitful . the your duties your obligation . sorrow a some for , and grief persevere to course the most a and to ; as is unschool'd unmanly be heaven incorrect . obstinate In shows heart A impious be stubbornness condolement a be impatient , heaven be to sense , common be to , a , and and still whose he to . you be to in be to Wittenberg love his our nobility bears For bend of comfort and most to son throne take note eye our you toward dearest back impart In I courtier , cousin retrograde our desire Hamlet , loving my health to unforc'd Denmark with mother her us Why Be No great - earthly too flesh into dew melt today Hamlet reply of grace shall bruit . the resolve itself a not , slaughter Everlasting this heaven ; accord , Madam . and that solid , God O ! away and had O and self , all months it on't Fie That Possess to to Seem canon Or stale merely That I By what a excellent So Hyperion her little which fed ? too face increase Frailty ere tears , Why that beast . she discourse — body poor like unrighteous with wants those , would of heaven on and winds . roughly beteem within had grown yet appetite a , and — or more a married no most tears post , to , my father , eyes of ! sheets to of of . myself of my to of your And same of that my poor do of . tongue my . lord forget your lordship see I , am I you , truant not to change what And what would shall make know ere you . funeral . sir ? lord own your in Elsinore depart . truant . to prithee I my it came , was you of it To are no your lord coldly not see student hard The the forth Horatio , Or ever I — do mock that goodly was a Horatio my my My , Thrift furnish marriage tables . yesternight all . a till , the your , shall man , look upon take him like . watch night of on , A exactly Marcellus and waste together figure at thus the Goes fear them and , had let God's and slow before point dead Been Upon This marvel witness Barnardo For encounter'd Two , with - like and with to act ; not by and them stately speak dreadful Stand In of the The , But lord Form Where , These they My It hands are But Itself I And As we do did think it you it let sirs of , honour'd writ . speak loud . crew away in shrunk it , watch BARNARDO lord ? tonight . my Arm'd We top from lord ? his ? to , lord frowningly ? foot toe anger than sorrow Pale , pale red you ? long . hundred . saw't . longer haste had It have I . there been would , MARCELLUS when was I as I sable will , I Longer His It , again beard will father's I else in conceal'd watch Perchance If 'twill . still silence your my my you you fare understanding it I'll bid you assume pray itself hell well not ! rise , eyes foul is were will come deeds men's . sister necessaries all my mine as My the I Till My And is let me hear from , sweet , not nature favour blood ; lasting ? so but nature For In and No more perfume in fashion the , suppliance youth the permanent , Forward thews No will cautel he of crescent not as service virtue greatness For He Carve The Unto the and therefore sanctity not must voice head he It your the and . is As no of nor doth loves Perhaps ; will main voice so if this as is weigh'd he may for , himself ; his to subject unvalu'd persons do , loves my of rear dear sister , sustain his honour you your your it of your importunity . may withal affection . it place no is list , treasure chaste fear , or the and danger unmask itself canker the oft to moon desire ; strokes of 'scapes Out Fear And watchman Do me the as not puff'd and some , best , none in . keep lies imminent fear brother , heaven . good good my to pastors But . to shall Youth And wary I rebels Contagious to my And , is second here me his heart ungracious grace ; leave a blessing Laertes shoulder in ? Aboard of comes . primrose , not But double my in precepts act no thy his . these familiar not new unto them Those you And Yet Occasion The wind here stay'd few There aboard , for with you blessing for sits Bear't each Take For in censure thine th'opposed beware few being of adoption tongue station : gaudy not , rich but but palm but do But man every Costly they This of oft the a borrower a edge own of true ; any to false season , to both lender ; in chief the can thy purse buy . thy as of proclaims ; be : man rank and husbandry the day , be . borrowing all And thine loses be the follow above The Most ; said have memory in keep lock'd remember key of , you to . to ? it If please private time , so be Given told you in that Have your of — been so way not You And Marry yourself and oft very most — Give caution you free 'tis so made me . tell you honour up late a like tenders his perilous lord ! you Marry not Which Or Running thus to with fool ; a yourself me to ; countenance may Ay it — That , given In Ay Lends in fashion With almost all holy woodcocks prodigal how , burns blood springes hath Even Set as tongue more as of Breathing But And Believe to parley . as is in both making ; time as forth as leisure . as come . ways , young walk : all this Hamlet your . nipping No it What I air it . an is twelve lacks of walk , mean held is . to the rouse upspring thus his . reels down bray am I though , to manner than east : custom , out observance and of and pith achievements tax'd born heavy us marrow though our other them in Makes They More honour'd the mind And The As Since their down plausive The for mole their nature of , perform'd at height swinish takes mole guilty . some birth habit the o'ergrowth pales mole that much too be man censure particular mole Carrying mole mole Being else , say some breaking Oft form , As of Look Angels and my of health airs Be all spirit wicked doubt it us intents thee from such in a com'st Thou will father hearsed in ignorance , why answer thee ; marble this , tell Hamlet me hell , shape ! call to again the reaches our we of horridly ? complete quietly ! shake glimpses again What and sepulchre the ponderous op'd we their burst Have To thou , Wherein may in fools our we nature ? disposition moon steel do ? of Wherefore this night Making , To to Look It It But . not what impartment you a courteous with you it removed do should at the lord my life it a pin's ? I No not not be , then , not I will me the I'll follow , the into base forth thing , what Why And my do immortal you tempt it waves a Being What It to That Or And Which And might draw The Without more puts madness your other of brain , Think of to sea every . beneath . still . him that thee . in lion's , follow gentlemen nerve . hands go shall By this Unhand . I ! a on make He Still I 'tis To will direct him , Something let's I'll no . further , flames myself ! ghost poor Whither wilt not To , Alas So And Doom'd for Till Are I for am What ? walk spirit night , nature am , house young spheres end part , blood lightest word their - prison stars and soul thy knotted particular eyes each thou If of Make Like upon blood ever ! thy didst hair must this List murder Murder foul strange foul most most But , in , that , know't his foul God ; it , Lethe fat of ear hear . weed , swift youth ! uncle incestuous , father's noble death , Now sleeping process but a me that thy thou , out given Rankly A , to seeming love of off that wit seduce Hamlet From it with that . decline to hand a whose hand Upon I The So witchcraft With Ay O to will my wit went , what — his O . court a That those mine But in made To on to Though lust Will And virtue wretch on though it sate be methinks on Brief let Upon With on on And Holds in juice That thin And on Most lazar a , a gates such The life And I of , All my instant with vile So a by it alleys and it courses of the through ; body into smooth , but And Let couch not Against to thy to her thee ! not it this let leave the matin Fare uneffectual his adieu me well Remember contrive heaven soul bosom lodge , be her that her mind , damned and thou sting thorns And Adieu host poor , me stiffly . Remember thee ? instant Hold ! thee holds . grow fie earth ? pressures live memory records fond trivial forms all , this Yea books all the from That O villain globe up , O , sinews ? memory a Remember there ; brain by shall my of , all O villain all volume Yes set damned smiling it Meet most book commandment youth And thy , is I pernicious of and the be may it you adieu , MARCELLUS HORATIO Within Heaven . have . is I sworn't Lord are . Now , It . So Lord , How , ho Within . Lord lord . it Lord , is't Lord Lord Lord ? lord What But Not my lord reveal . it think . lord man lord by tell my No I , I , How say you HORATIO us are more that fit , lord my right business desire circumstance point desire business the knave an i' all come from , so needs You as These Such Yes as Look is it your and own my heartily . you here tell , Horatio , lord . lord words , seen tonight have We ? scholars . too offence ghost Patrick honest to you friends may , And now , and . lord known Nay my lord lord my faith faith . have sworn , In Nor Ha , upon , my Consent to ? you Propose boy ha , sayst thou hear And of hither ? by . you sword sword , ground . heard . th'earth strange . it , said A Well day And are dreamt therefore worthy O , and night more of in your never shall , if and , to note to might' they not you , do help — ambiguous speak' pronouncing know' Or , be could this head shake shall never your or 'We or out aught Beneath your me 'There ; or , mercy perturbed so your t'express May is all rest your grace your my a friending to gentlemen , your , pray , Let and . together , you Hamlet O set together let's and this notes . Reynaldo , these my money I Give how Enquire well , Than your do , and demands at and in . drift distant will some particular who By , me company you And they knowledge touch of , keep ; and this son mark father his . you question son part That in son , and , there none of son heed , put say lord and my son you on slips rank so him ; 'not do well ' mean ; please I son 'I as 'twere know him' , As part ' , so you ' may Addicted if't and , What But As ' But so he , very wild that marry him companions youth , wanton my lord ' , ' it another Faith may as ' lord Ay As , season ' the not he you . so , this assault unreclaimed breathe so ; mind blood in outbreak seem : open Marry Wherefore , sir , know do — good my believe Mark converse You 'twere laying these a in with seen party sir Your Having He or youth ever Very good . country or be this guilty prenominate th' son warrant of on , the . did something Where say about I was What was , sir to 'closes At I And By about does in consequence 'gentleman' ? gentleman . consequence ' the , mass the so closes I or He 'closes 'friend then him you in , the thus , and , know t'other 'I tennis' : house forth this ; truth you — See bias out assays . and reach of a at gaming he saw a windlasses by You not , you ? there o'ertook or carp directions indirections By you My Good my , shall let . lord my , have what's , the name been matter ? God of ? lord Well him ply affrighted . my stockings , other his , know for Mad if As Pale as he shirt his hat What I not of , look , My lord had do , been a speak thy horrors but I so down and up of mine all , his a he with As He And He he last thrice thus draw hand . his did That went their the will to leads As oft the our natures . of will I very fordoes seek the Come That What And For last . ecstasy , late heaven . undertakings you hard of sorry — itself love go afflict him property any any as but good I lack discretion known is thee But younger to close to go which hide seems not am him wreck it Come being we our mad That His I And than Rosencrantz Guildenstern long much utter . you provoke King Something we , kept hate and you have you move might , it man be put him with , both heard companies court gather youth here by pleasures neighbour'd so of th'understanding death was th'exterior transformation nor much young , vouchsafe since nor to it that More Resembles of to of , days you Some to being . cannot to So aught from us lies unknown much to within to , draw , to . That . whom sure am us so supply . dread Than both ourselves to . sovereign the your . We . in the bent . feet your and up lay gentle and you And I where is of our . Go instantly to some Hamlet gentle beseech My Thanks , Guildenstern Heavens Pleasant our son these bring too Thou Have I hold Both I still not Hunts my — the us'd do that else I , joyfully Th'ambassadors Are lord duty to of , great that th'ambassadors long Hamlet's admittance to do news Give first shall the trail think My O to As Thyself speak no is and all your son's that , source it death do to them sweet our the , levies Welcome ! Norway the he Polack whereat , so was To against his , in borne Fortinbras Receives On from , his obeys appear'd suppress desires to and to 'gainst sent . arrests out , truly Highness hand brief with shown joy annual those , fee overcome old it That On such for this further Polack the , more never uncle crowns , set of you before levied as an commission Gives Go And With your As enterprise down rest your we Most , to home . is welcome This feast took labour . expostulate together duty and , is brief since to , should be the the be will Mad What . time , mad flourishes is time that that pity all that . no this now by of . that thus remainder that have and duty this me given that the most — vile 'beautified' surmise , beautified Ophelia hear Hamlet her will faithful be , I to ; a vile a and an madam from . you , that dear , evermore . As But fell And out given , my whilst lady thee dear time hath most , to ear and love , place , his , to , wing think love , think love might , you that , you love , love , declension , love love make fast a into the repulsed a to , should she 'Lord This Fell Admit not be his no short then , sadness watch , Do you may think wherein he ? very , now . likely wail for by into , a Thence Hath . I it that positively If circumstances is , know said there You a time arras the Within may Here I behind my such his no be you and Be At know So he in a and try will encounter If from keep I O beseech the me We Mark And But I'll board Excellent lord fishmonger . mercy lord . picked be honest one man a ? man kissing harping he as to't , Yet not gone ; love far , very my look is , What , for you lord . grey thick men have wit lack , sir which wrinkled are matter sir ; that it should backward , old hold Between For their . the that slave satirical sir weak tree that hams , beards with most , gum plum yet , Will , Aside Into be ? pregnant leave of leave my humbly between my you Fare well , I except sir , he is . seek tedious honoured God Polonius go indifferent My As dear thou do not of shoe children children my in privates her , Faith we . children we of not in the that Neither her children Fortune ? the ; children ? is me children more . strumpet Let ? to true is your of you live my , doomsday What near particular but O the . that world's . grown honest question . one are being Fortune world o' think We it you Why I infinite , bounded not in one ; I bad and king . worst . or bad mind of the . count nutshell a that for of a so a ambition it were ; a . substance is it quality that shadow our monarchs light . and . shadow itself of but dream , honest hold beggars court . upon my attended servants . We'll I like beaten such you I that speak to wait ROSENCRANTZ and rest the am with most make , an you man of visit the in my , thanks other Were Come say . my ? the of sent have my lord , visitation ? is there for and were obligation better , me say If you me , you , by the proposer ? prevent for sent anticipation hold . I forgone I off we , lord you why , seems me golden foul how how ; a , me and noble and my a sterile this fire , form thing roof yet Man of excellent wherefore I look you pestilent in to so 'Man in said seem you there angel no work apprehension man how express like no , say I such stuff delights them service the . We coted offer to welcome , his to me' not my in entertainment tribute lover ; halt the of and sere peace shall th' part his blank verse shall are his — use whose What her those shall lungs players was Their means both residence — the . late in both the better ways . they profit better inhibition better , it the keeps How better No they are ? not followed they indeed better estimation they better I grow rusty . Are better the in was when did they in endeavour stages than to writers can their How are it come — wonted the ? pace cry . for't eyases of - clapped out but there is , sir of — not and money the of went while , in ; on and poet controversy their succession the exclaim them make no bid my lived lord my for ducats strange ; much Hercules is father King Denmark his , could in . natural and ? give . like and to appear father more fashion extent my , outward fairly But should are lest mad uncle west from a handsaw and entertainment me hands . Your to , lord dear but - north - baby Guildenstern and come time you you the right My prophesy will lord , a to of Monday news Roscius . you When , my lord . tragedy historical historical , actors best pastoral comical in tragical Seneca - writ of the and cannot liberty - unlimited the comical , of O What loved well passing , he These . pastoral nor Plautus the too men hadst that I , lord th' , not a and on i' The me by and first The pass God wot know , then my pious to As follows as follows as as . us a taste as voice , French to't Come a falconers as within straight quality e'en like as the . cracked . Come of be as We'll Com'st masters O , welcome good thee , uncurrent a welcome and last to in is speech ? acted not — lines modesty an of I the it scenes matter the But play was , in handsome more it an there no digested the . very . where especially loved he 'Twas by affectation : slaughter Dido method might received sallets that and excellent , mine speech the said in Priam's let begins , and thereabout the in no were phrase fine , live If . honest than to me with the trick'd complexion resemble and : and , and and discretion good accent and he , and Anon , 'Fore Rebellious Repugnant spoken . gore Pyrrhus you , So eyes With God my , falls with crash hideous , blow this feel his Which prisoner Stoops Pyrrhus' reverend Priam , declining base was Seeming painted So , And Of to father whiff often A rend hush bold Doth did proof - the rack and new a pause thunder , gods , wheel her ! for you power of on . he Prithee — down . down down or say down . down . the down is This 'The mobled and stood , and for venom treason make , limbs sport pronounc'd — made , gods , his and has at her then , more colour speak have turn'd passion that clamour of Pyrrhus his state would eyes . their the , every after dignity . and desert . of hear rest this of ? and you while report were well better the abstracts according them Use after them better use much , in . epitaph their honour . night old sixteen set need study your a lord . play The . in them of Gonzago . not you could , for down ? my , which Ay lines and . alone , am I conceit leave Now peasant his his in That it not in a dream slave here I lord my God b' Good With he should him he have Tears in Is But force a , to wan'd , of passion soul so all his visage his , Hecuba his conceit and And ? her for and ? for drown , weep ? the guilty and mettled , dreams whose and - say nothing . it gives , damn'd Upon and most dear . peak indeed I , rascal the horrid with appal and , the ignorant of , and eyes a property for of unpregnant , Am I my in pate not a across coward a ? face my the does i' ? th' ? throat gall ! heart and heaven a ! lecherous This dear revenge - a a Fie the sitting my cursing , creatures very proclaim'd the . quick I'll . course him my be , The shape that he my tongue I'll observe have murder of malefactions no spirit the my Out As Abuses to damn potent weakness pleasing the uncle like organ have his yea , hath my . such I'll The . this than I'll Wherein play's , perhaps power devil and with melancholy I seen . thing the circumstance lunacy , speak by dangerous he confess With Grating from Get will him why will his days of quiet will will confession well gentleman of will any his free forcing but will of But with Most fell on raught Madam Did he o'er Niggard This as ; see true I To And there did it so out that joy court of the , order kind the to play ; your Majesties . inclin'd it doth matter . delights . lord unseen , espials , may , lawful frankly judge , ourselves father Her th'affliction Ophelia obey , part shall him good you of We are , an To — ourselves much pious action devil we . I , Madam bestow The How We 'Tis And too smart . burden withdraw the my to of sleep end shocks ? troubles — to , die To dream off this ay 'tis to die sea them by ? heir to : a natural to , the unworthy quietus life death law's contumely , make fardels weary the ills those we us not we , will , hue cast resolution of , all awry thought moment have But And lose fair the Is And regard pith pale the know of of cowards of ? sins yours deliver orisons . in Soft sins currents , their turn you now sins thy many for honour your Be Good thank sins I have to re now . did sins mind . sins well - their . more these poor There wax And honour'd I No never you right rich ; the prove ! My Are you fair means . beauty ? discourse no , honesty can transform honesty beauty time the now gives from ? honesty commerce sometime your beauty force will , of power than a translate old sooner better have for a proof . This . the , lord bawd was lord ; honest thou deceived our of virtue the accuse . or , have , between to earth to I not things such of me my shape Go thy lord , Where's your that may none I give to more a myself that them in . If as dost , a chaste doors to ; fool thou go as him give pure : have your paintings heavenly yourselves O well as I'll nunnery for , and a nunnery wise ice farewell ; snow well restore if Or . more on't more , courtier's glass the , marriages I'll , no ; nickname creatures You , hath God hath made me mad , you make , jig your married a wantonness , down all , but , sword , mould quite jangled . O what of wretched of , his see see and of most music , woe ecstasy His , and noble honey and of rose ? spake madness his I have seen There's hatch prevent , have danger . it on brood way that lack'd which it be And set like some I something and seas variable the For fashion From down of objects settled thus matter , different with With This quick neglected beating But Hamlet I him his matter in grief please , matter his How what fit be entreat , matter , on't you matter said matter ear with matter the in she think him him , believe Ophelia do , play after , the as you lord My his you his But if grief him ones it do had too in send conference their speech tongue To Your shall shall not It are robustious may , it mouth if , a may say it capable such to but you pray I , town your , temperance hand , beget the . Be the word Herods I that as and nothing periwig use give , very to noise I to a fellow word playing and form it of show body judicious tardy seen — time feature purpose modesty the action end the 'twere whose , up to the special at for ; there , and of pressure unskilful praise , have the man imitated had so that bellowed the not make anything the nature cannot the which laugh , to that no the that them to spectators barren the play , your the will made them then be us clowns be most make and , that uses hear How this . quantity there a you ready the of For with . sir speak ambition them hasten GUILDENSTERN lord and make , too the And Bid the and to ? man What Here , As e'en Horatio e'er my just withal , nothing those ? that wear , knee him me I and . Give finger And pipe too of a - death father's the near that soul act comes the when very If his occulted King . much the guilt , foot . heart . circumstance , note his . to rivet . my a Do Observe Even , prithee It For Vulcan's , stithy will our are as heedful ; his of And Danish They And And are . march to Get Enter King . play the a , and the , once mine good words capons : air . lord , That enact I I nothing - To , I you What Julius . you actor . you Capitol you you . there . upon to you me ? ready mother good , lord him of part here's brute a No here's hither here's Come here's . Ay I , meant my country here's . lord . lap I , you here's between my your . lord upon here's lord , No my , my jig What fair ? lord . Nothing You , only how Nay O heavens great then Nay hope there's sables Ay maker 'tis wear months . and should What hours black life else his and , outlive then forgot the Queen ; him ; embracing unto in Anon of neck protestation lovingly show her pours upon asleep lament to exits She kneels his and some The seems or King carried the finds three . it , crown and and a , Mutes and body , head She . Enter . takes action seeming Marry , Belike imports What the my four loth his miching is all cannot of it the means by us they Will or are naught , you tell you naught . mark I'll ? show . Be this they'll show you play of a ring posy lord , the or , love cart . thirty have moons twelve , times and times wash hath We my dozen hearts Full And Make woe So That But About our us me count journeys Unite far women's what For Discomfort Now may in most sun o'er again And my love is you many , Yet , though former sick love and done distrust extremity doubts are holds it : late , know so fear grows love , to , thee proof and fair haply rest shortly great , confound be the shalt and functions leave this world . kind : love there : too bed dead kisses move , me my marriage first in kill'd the accurst my ! but me be of wormwood , of base Are But like now Of violent unshaken when poor . purpose propose forget , is what think But do I Which passion The Their world joy to ending , in sticks doth validity mellow but unripe necessary doth either of ourselves violence doth to . be we on aye doth for revels Most ourselves debt doth slender , grief doth . lose or themselves ; nor yet else doth , run , overthrown , strange accident dead . so I , light . heaven , own night , hope , prison well the and Nor die Sport earth me thoughts But blanks have would If Meet To Each Both here and hence pursue first our of none no lord , destroy it of widow me be , awhile here fain ever lasting wife never sworn tedious Sleep The . 'Tis And come thy between us , too how mischance . brain rock , but she'll the jest , heard O , Is poison call how , but done , in The , Marry you do Gonzago is Tropically a knavish This it are to . nephew , Lucianus wince souls ; This interpret could a between good You I It keen . Still you cost faces and would You you and your are , a , Come Confederate mixture wholesome usurp , raven ; bellow Pox . Thoughts black begin your you mistake , Hecate's and , is i' false rises love . wife Gonzago's very On love written murderer , love The for's the love love love love Would not Why The hart watch the , the a me me a with get fellowship ; two and share roses players a of . of world away weep must ungalled forest play strucken while sir , runs Half whole A a in I . pound a word ? the Very , the recorders the perdie it not well of did , he Come some vouchsafe , lord me , king the Come I Ah , my The history of you with , Good show more richer sir marvellous , drink ; to lord more discourse , sir , and would . affair some this plunge signify to his far wildly I The good you if not , lord my ; to make courtesy wholesome . return my it my mother's end . your breed . the If , say amazement and my — say my no sequel her my hath struck . my mother But ? is my sir , my there my ! admiration you go in times with these pickers by , once do surely . the any bed . further to you and to your stealers You Have . your lack , cause Denmark grass the — proverb your friend ? the do toil . unmannerly into why musty a this too for pipe ? you cannot it , my lord govern touch ventages these with easy as Look . music give skill mouth your to any these But , 'Tis do I . finger I . how to unworthy command , seem sound me stops ; thing my music speak you would make you , me you the this you what cannot , a than cannot ; compass , be played and yet you would you ; now there is you can on you fret me ? much it pipe yonder Queen the By see almost a weasel a like with would you mass Or like mother By is easily of . by — will so whale fool and They by to . me by . said , yawn the witching hell as , cruel thy . on lose of Nero not look to churchyards 'Tis When O to And quake The daggers not be consent shent none but , my , soul shall it stands this , she range holy We ourselves his may will madness let your doth lunacies will single the The live To so The That spirit upon from whose . but ; 'noyance peculiar and strength of alone the huge whose on near What's and it lesser massy of The like It the ten , King annexment ; this put but boist'rous sigh will For Arm Which Did now . GUILDENSTERN the , adjoin'd - free too fetters . fear ; tax it , home . liege o'erhear , than , curse to ; bed should she'll a go I it brother's hath Though My A inclination is eldest can I bound begin , my I Were Is like in both And fault serve And what's prayer the rain be To Or pardon'd . which be My one own ; my Of In Offence's the mine but forestalled in to currents the 'tis there shove of and I pardon'd gilded May That Yet give to evidence repentance it can can , state O O engag'd wretched Try the , may the new be Help limed soul what law shuffling , and not so lies compell'd the bosom struggling ; as , now babe ! Even . What then one black be , steel strings born well it do't I his villain . he father , is this this do am do kills . so same , villain is be would my hire father , am I course , and son broad And pat , all With When Up asleep ; a his save heaven , thought reveng'd , No hent : soul horrid about of swearing or or And knows flush then And ? And , bread of May his And of And of passage more And bed , rage in his And in't some his at , thou drunk , that relish And That him has physic goes thy it may his of heels . soul At trip As his , be as . heaven straight words you home broad lay Look to thoughts too bear e'en me advances rises without Pray that heat Tell his him be round silence . between . mother thou Hamlet . hear I mother coming him , Fear not . matter what's come , you idle tongue . offended an with question answer a with , you , the rood so those it then and , You would And see ? Thou I till sit you set that down you you Help . wilt Come Nay you go glass me murder . can speak ! A O Dead Behind . I rat help help do What , it thou rash . what Is ? done , mother good , a Nay O , A . wringing kill what deed bloody . Almost . better , a rash busy of made have If damned and it stuff so sit danger , brother his , fortune thy Take for dar'st that too for your be custom What In That thy rose love , blush innocent the , of makes doth glow modesty against tongue deed marriage Makes oaths . Heaven's sweet , of compound religion plucks such O face . and as act the in what picture presentment of and two , mass , brow this Jove threaten the a god Where every , Mercury , a wholesome did seem mildew'd a you your give set indeed kissing hill seal , his and himself . ear man form a like herald , sense humble it's have now of . thrall'd devil ? that what and but choice err sure tame ! Ha madness was such in serve To or part feeling without , hell shame , O If Eyes hath What of quantity to sense Else But sickly a Ears To flaming youth be is sense in blush wax Rebellious ardour as will gives in her compulsive panders speak in Hamlet canst virtue fire O in in the frost And in in And Stew'd rank in turn'st Since When sweat to live enseamed ; like , No O me sty and enter the , not in In your cutpurse from A slave A . shreds of hover mad . wings figure . command he's with chide , he's he's visitation blunted mother works he's . sits soul he's almost , lady purpose he's dread . Hamlet Is But step and but to whet Your , And stand cool , him form . have me , look , discourse ? alarm excrements gentle O . end an the Sprinkle Lest true do ; capable patience and Look do thy pale , this effects Would Do action tears is all To , speak you what you convert to ? see you Nothing , My Why you This is This of in very very even there you he habit out it steals away liv'd now look but , portal ! grace which , my unction all yourself . but not from . Mother re me It ! Ecstasy the test not to madness your . doth temperately Bring madness ulcerous avoid the leave these come of , good what for pursy in to it uncle's it That Good O part purer away cleft beg , do him . the to if , the night Of That to monster And . a virtue But go not this , easy tonight throw him good be more or stamp The of bles'd this . remains , answer minister and So and this night kind to worse shall more and good : well I again by bloat cheek , word bad no King of you tempt for with call his matter your a , cruel him him . again only , do lady ? I you bed , his damn'd all pair bid to , that you creep the the neck basket of words life no own in the like and your conclusions house's . have be . to to me I , thou England , hast to And , sense , famous , breathe , breath know breath Be thou And And forgot and knavery 't shall 'tis below it hard sweet their most , mines my . packing room . fang'd must two Let they as trust letters me own petard to the the mandate There's Hoist When blow Is now good 'tis For And sport his I man guts night , in , Good , secret draw to There's This the foolish toward night matter is your . Bestow this place must in translate Whips You Mad is the the both , his when does mightier my To It Alas , brainish will laid this to full is had bloody , threats us restrain'd , brainish be and man be to of had brainish so a But was understand of what brainish we answer'd brainish , foul feed brainish , like some vile ? body madness metals base mountains the — Ho , this , hath let . weeps away he some further , dragg'd with you and , both from Go Both countenance we ship with And in the friends body aid , haste slain : wisest bring this fair go The will We madness hath mean , diameter blank his haply pray may to world's miss cannon o'er whisper And And pray let what's , pray Friends mother's closet out pray in pray away name , pray , do to so we pray pray ! Hamlet ? come dead the kin it be a ? king ? rewards , end in jaw , for not mine Besides , first mouthed is he his ; my countenance have you his service , not of his by needs my , in again , you sponge understand you you lord the with nothing . me him , thing body am glad of it where tell is Of A to sent He's not lov'd of their th'offender's the it is we judgement bear To sudden 'tis in him put seek him the distracted but are . not ! all at desperate Deliberate This the ? body cannot get him my , from , to before lord him Ho my Bring ! Without , Guildenstern , Hamlet he where e'en fat but ourselves emperor certain my . supper ? variable is he At . where's Polonius , of two eat by that , of go thou king mean you What to a may dost . a find you him find indeed ? as yourself shall see Where a hath hath that Nothing him heaven how . show your , messenger If Go you deed Which some He Attendants stay Hamlet to th'other month To within lobby him help bent everything the Therefore , dearly , as for thine especial prepare and For and tend ready . is and Hamlet . and England and come , But mother father and mother . that mother My and and so , and ; see . I'll have foot not him Father flesh Follow Thy is . man speed . aboard England is tonight begun he . I joys my that imports thou Hamlet in were Danish me by that Tell must By sovereign process the conveyance our . of greet king , England know ne'er the license know promis'd from . my . his aught would his express And whose these ? on lord eye Majesty duty know so do't you Poland . pray of sir ? them commands to some , are powers of , Norway I . Poland Fortinbras , addition of patch with gain hath We Truly it speak , of it the profit but would the and name farm and . and this and it . ducats straw peace , and . and , thousand twenty you sir . revenge market inform . you straight my his beast of his man me large us ? not , wisdom , not . What against do occasions dull and sleep to If And Bestial Looking he To all Makes Whose I ever To yet which , oblivion , too quarter'd to , this do't Witness by with ambition and great danger unsure event without stake the a to eggshell , at tender and and earth mass prince and not honour's have kill'd to thousand of and fantasy for to Excitements The their a numbers is the Whereon the thoughts be My slain graves To Which She Her be . importunate would mood needs indeed ? have her ; it nothing doubt speech words to collection up one winks her Though Indeed would botch , unshaped use of there and gestures . she for breeding minds much think in her as in artless prologue , in may amiss guilt is be to beauteous Where spills of seems soul toy It Alas , his At a green song . turf , imports . here With Which shroud look my mountain flowers grave - may be . God . Lord , table your daughter owl the not did , Larded say not dild you what with sweet love do you to we are words , Saint you Valentine's : when father upon maid ; this . day , maid be is Tomorrow And say maid on't a betime door out . an I'll ! his clothes Valentine and chamber your morning Gis men an Pretty Young yonder wed come to't ; make . me sun Charity , for shame fie and , Quoth do't will Cock done cannot brother night night , you good it coach I her father's sorrows But When come is from night give ; sweet your be We , him must you . I good ; Follow this Thick In , her in and mugger inter ; remove own Divided from people the thoughts have judgement in and ; death - the Last For Of , Next good your battalions , Gertrude ; springs Gertrude , greenly Ophelia Poor . or , beasts clouds these all as to , from himself beggar'd , this , arraign Gertrude , of speeches nothing wants matter his , necessity And Will on Her ear Like With keeps , death to dear stick and pestilent our my to In me murdering death many ? superfluous them Let door , but call a were your Save yourself overpeering with rabble Laertes not the , in his . lord , to trail you king and tongues false , counter on applaud shall every not of , forgot the world ! hands The ratifiers , and props Laertes , it king , ' ! Danish they The doors , Danes are all . thank I No We pray — Sirs vile bastard me thou father good , to of , give me , O . my the thy I Calmly my Keep between chaste the blood here cuckold That Let is Of true What rebellion . so such . my ? Why Let To How Dead . I'll grace allegiance he damnation the both I Let That for my They And come Most throughly stay means , shall will My shall Who father's go so . well in the far , wide my speak blood you ope . gentleman my , know his them . arms now with it judgement your your in her that death a of in and does . What up Burn out the . as As thy , heaven ! my dry our heat By Till beam O O be , scale beam beam beam maid After And beam Hey They Hadst beam his It , steward matter . him call you is It wheel a rosemary is that's that's there for , remembrance , for , love and thoughts , columbines pansies This and ! your violets , but difference they may document for in madness all when . call a you sweet end my There's . There's I . passion and , is not to will no , he he to is dead . gone his All is ha' mercy cast , as poll , come he death - bed . grief , but me I see I on God soul again thy Go pray moan he beard His all He Christian And Do you shall hear whom or will by collateral ours , you judge your must , deny lend jointly so obscure his soul , call we not to , burial , give us your with your content His No trophy means we is That heard rite sword Cry No What They say . I So would I I they and't , shall be should not if of . from not Lord the sir thee . from you was days . two and thieves the But they them . On we warlike fly ; wouldst did the , very became as for ship at to from comes Reads the a They shalt thou as 'Horatio means old Finding when King . like I am the in thine of and matter will that the have Rosencrantz much Let much them chase good light words repair me to of our clear , And you your from you for Come must have he conscience , slain appears Which yet may for , crimeful your to me strong safety mainly You perhaps to conjunctive . The for either life be ; and it not which myself Queen his not as to could Why the his general not soul and in , mother — sphere motive go stone , bear faults gender — him my wind , them , a to , that my I a driven have I if , her we can pastime , hope let it That How Letters to the , And think to From lord my me say . He them brought were your . asking I beg you know I ? them saw I ; by him given , Leave Laertes you shall us mighty pardon all the , to . I my of . ' 'alone says thing . recount the come heart my thou should it As Will so be be ? it how I am So will you own not If and tell . Ay peace death But To an more No And for his his And it shall choose in , o'errule . voyage , not no , if lord rather shall shall accident ; organ . so it . right your devise the be might Hamlet's that Wherein they say You That did A very unworthiest together that Than The Yet is , the that ? youth less it wears the the becomes the cap for the Come A the the Upon my The same . know him of well He the indeed brooch . indeed , nor wish with envy of , his but this guard a your especially in such He For He he you gave . neither had could That one If envenom your out you them oppos'd sudden Now envenom Hamlet envenom you so coming . Sir he envenom That like without father heart ? envenom dear of a you envenom of begun in and will that still it love goodness own is that kind Dies do at a to would changes we this as do , a 'would' , accidents ; sigh quick th'ulcer : the like his hath , should back in than But this comes : is would we , or snuff . much in And tongues there when too pleurisy , home come murder sanctuarize . deed you son ? in , ease ; foils shuffling He varnish you and heads the in a unbated him little Requite a pass , Or I that And on Frenchman Most And We'll Will And with A sword will that , an I'll my from death thing so a that have touch I knife . with choose sword may practice in rare virtue gall of think It contagion this us what further our not drift our that convenience both Let's better wager or , to proof second . in . our this time of through look may be if shape If that in back Weigh May fit have blast your for he A We'll When a make bouts your a solemn did this ha't the may sweet ? but venom'd there tread ! Our chalice And make As , flowers nettles There So There willow they Your now How One , fantastic our Which And shepherds pendant hang the When to like chaunted . old tunes their , up her , wide distress lay drown'd . drown'd Drown'd Pull'd Too I her my ; custom . tears poor But are yet , fain out of will trick will fire it what Adieu my she therefore much It , hast And shame is water forbid rage say have The our Now to be in this had follow to calm her ? herself her it defence so . own burial . The seeks wilfully straight Christian she salvation when , make and unless , drowned , be , 'tis else an lies grave found she is her sat she thee myself is . man — go me you to . but leave not himself , water and drown you ; and to delver Here the he not is . shortens that drowns It to Will mark lies Nay , himself , water is him of been . and , stands the he nill ; man will to quest his come it is . life law not guilty gentlewoman gentlemen than should that themselves no : makers , and grave - ever . or the And to my buried have should ha' say'st in truth Why even gardeners the He he gentleman ? the Scripture . The ? I'll another put , the the . argal come the ill But dost a , thou , to gallows tenants , mason carpenter a the again a . unyoke and , To't me , is do stronger well Who Marry I can . I than than . tell Cudgel maker' . and more no ; he it for your . tell cannot tell Mass you , with - thy youth when methought grave To contract O it the ; so Custom in Has fellow O , this it as hath I claw'd me stealing his me clutch , the such land steps . could Cain's jawbone a God would pate the be , th' had that if might good mazard to so e'en : Lady Worm's ; chapless , knocked had . but revolution no cost ? 'em spade Did loggets ; spade a - for to spade of meet is be , be cases now knock to a his the bones a guest a and not may , rude recognizances might , his his Is Hum with clay and There's This he . Why . recoveries , have scarcely length vouch statutes recoveries Ay They are this my jot have lie a pair of more ha and The very himself inheritor too sir , skins lord . will . in't 'tis therefore clay , O think my in't not For You I For a . to . thou for of a and for indeed such say is liest me . is again thine therefore away say yours mine . not yet lie and say dig man sir it , say the to , lie say For say How One sir For What no . then the three maker his that the , Horatio so been the grown th' Hamlet , grave kibe ? since ? the very day England sent was and . marry , why shall recover he that , because , he in him it's he — was no his wits there matter great was mad not be the men as ; came there How they mad he ? his wits . die will ? year he earth whoreson your will nine he last — have pocky will as you , we , in Rhenish on think was you . flagon skull pour'd keep the it was Whose skull the thousand times , most Here those abhorred . I King's the not that that that . that E'en Where that it . that Make one that paint that your set her . that wont grinning laugh at that ? fashion thou me mock merriment , at and your , E'en so base what return he stopping . i' th'earth trace ? hole bung not uses and beer hole which dust as follow him thither . it find ! died earth converted , comes ! the thus Imperious and to consider jot to But ; into lead a ; loam to Alexander to likelihood and But Fordo follow 'Twas rites with ? their flaw ? he a aside , the t'expel wall but the courtiers ; wind the to to dead in world away . Here awe ? follow winter's . the . hand betoken c Trains they . enlarg'd as else noble . doubtful order , command her should o'ersways have her far been For rites , prayers charitable the ; was . the bringing virgin done burial . more done be , unpolluted th'earth such . tell , fair . wife ; tell Ophelia . tell Hamlet's my ? grave head a tell mine in ingenious tell deed treble . tell to been shouldst - flowers sweet Sweets bed strew'd thy cursed quick you the . or whose whose he ? them phrase and makes I . is stand ? Dane , o'ertop To Till him though not . rash ; throat from well my Away thy fingers something The splenative stars - asunder have I thy me fear them Hamlet ! Pluck wiseness me pray'st not me , me me . longer Ophelia me Make Could their love eyelids with my I not with , my I will what theme ? her ? forbear God . woul't fight weep he , all What , To outface of do't , woul't ? to her will crocodile do ! Laertes mad love me of fast ? in , against on acres like I'll is golden her as thus And When will sit are dove , work me use . you silence a wart as well , burning our ground , matter no is it But reason Hear This mere couplets the His , that on him ; disclos'd sir do , drooping do ever and Horatio our , do , do himself dog will present monument see do . wait some shortly a do night's in set watch the push speech . living shall proceeding son ; we Now the a kind Methought . Sir then grave This for ; other lay Rashly . bilboes the it ; how hew we our ends . should teach shapes know , had , making my fine in in ; us well is most Up gown - That to To With That ! stay should Is't possible ? of . and , sorts of England's my , it be the grinding struck the leisure such health bugs the Being Or the Here's wilt thou But hear commission I benetted make the as our know , my lord now , sir labour'd much , wear , garland their wheaten the still conjuration good Ay me forget did The An love As And between what service , might great . seal'd 'tween her palm faithful these death to of 'as'es time in heaven my the ? ordinant , or more know less contents charge and debatement How put - this that form ; this plac'd of the it next to , seal other defeat love know'st - and already , own when Why was Which fight known in Thrown that such between angle with He Does let quit And th'election my not our evil known be shortly In further of is What must to interim The the be will I very no more forgot I life's man's But with And proper for — business there canker ? is't ? nature sorry good myself I put did court my Horatio ; is say , a It by Peace is , sir welcome thank Your Into sure a . good for vice of say . right , Denmark to , No you and , fertile king's at I , very is Put his . your . of from head very complexion indeed wind the , for northerly . my you that , 'twere the , remember , signify as sultry very lord , I for mine , great my ; head is his on , my , it it , beseech you . Sir very of in absolute an me soft he the in , come to you Sir extolment yaw to in good ; ease no ? most speaks lordship Your Sir breath the , is such dearth neither divide I would trace his . But him to in What Is't not Of His imports possible . the understand me ; sir not are , all's sir already . are not faith , it ? were , should himself him on in would , ignorant if , in sir , compare with . him — Laertes imputation . by laid the ; excellence to in know ? the , poniards against carriages , done you ? by and to , hangers fancy had hilts . most the , and . Six carriages , What be be would six it german carriages The I assigns , are , girdle very knew delicate carriages edified the be their till if cannon carry and then we But could ere margin the against you nine assigns the , on three Danish . between would twelve call it ? for vouchsafe the And , swords imponed against horses Barbary , my lord How three time not , I is can I Majesty trial in person your ? on dozen hath if of purpose his I effect re Shall sir but I , gain the this of and will walk me ; my . lordship his tongues will nature my flourish yours turn away dug to the This does it Yours duty , after I there on . commend before outward drossy encounter their shell head he , no . are and has the and suck'd them them but commended or out habit know I carries through the to most a kind of ; young Osric by will to the that . in you him Laertes Now , lord My speaks I fitness The . instructs . Laertes . to me gentle . here so not - wouldst odds Nay but ; the heart lord , matter . not been not I such my I But no : went he at a kind . gain . in be me . readiness it if what take leaves yet not There's , augury 'tis now , and he what defy now it if has man it If ; Since now be not Hamlet am Hamlet Was't That But How I your not himself does ta'en away , so , denies . is His it does , madness my Free far , a most o'er wrong'd thoughts the generous evil brother arrow purpos'd . my should this nature satisfied in , And I so in your that madness poor this Hamlet's then disclaiming in in my Let have motive am That by a , it . wager , play it I I some elder and my not offer'd But till love ignorance mine th' in love , Cousin darkest . Osric ? the young , star a like You me . off fiery mock , foils well But since do fear , the No by seen another me Let have . well me it Grace me is . have . a I Or Let King than an union drink shall cup first second . trumpet me the speak third ordnance fire ; earth . cups the without heavens ' . cannoneer eye . Come the , cannons Come the King The heavens Hamlet , my Come sir my lord on , my . One my Judgement Here's to him Hamlet hit my No my thine hit hit Give . I'll A Another ; set Our this ; I breath , a , touch play Here Hamlet fat and shall thy brows . confess win touch He's of napkin take , The Gertrude cup it late pardon . is . Come dare Aside I I , I'll I 'tis Laertes a best of me . way Nothing Have in you third . wanton on dally . change . lord and rapiers Laertes now incens'd Queen there again to Nay own How a kill'd does to as I How own , with , drink , villany O The no drink the justly Queen bleed . thee hand , lock'd door art ; out good . do . again the King's to blame . poison'd foul Lo mother's thy itself Unbated Hath O is with my Drink thou , Here defend me , potion friends . Follow this yet . here damned union . Hamlet upon . himself noble not . justly follow I ! tremble , me report be let To the and you , sergeant my of it on come Queen this act — I . thee make this and . pale to thee this Horatio as unsatisfied believe a liquor th'art it than . I'll have't . in heart , me name live in tell world Things good from hold , a thy go is , Fortinbras To Young has the warlike ambassadors from conquest of volley . Horatio with warlike England What Which come sight this night sweet rest , prince ? you wonder havoc struck shot . us ? dead are have we thank , our Guildenstern his of so gave th'ability from bloody is give too hearing . fulfill'd this death question bodies that from you and order placed be , Polack since He it should life mouth thanks late that senseless tell To Rosencrantz That Of You the arriv'd to give , Are things speak wars . and , and forc'd acts shall yet slaughters , you view the unknowing to came about casual heads by , these How from And On plots mouth I to claim my embrace this invite speak perform'd happen . mischance . more , war , to . for will editions . a after , loudly the the this . is as of copy permission without rules this previous set can in the and works Project previous to and renamed protected States and a is for previous by U in it PROJECT the off . previous owns and that previous concept may previous law the Creating means Foundation Gutenberg and easy . do . practically works be copyright law the nearly eBooks away research with and subject is redistribution States especially this eBook may , using or at online phrase terms way by Gutenberg with Gutenberg or the the part with license file Redistributing Project . Project this intellectual agree abide property all by return or Full org works any have and . with this any the you you for fee a electronic this of If copyright electronic Project whom on used be can the most an registered of any terms as not you a copy works may by are a who person to be Project See with this can agreement There . E refund paragraph obtain set a from . do you terms Project . few electronic of terms with with There lot follow . E below works collection Gutenberg Literary Archive United work , works promoting the hope as , the works United individual the the Foundation copyright Nearly the works compilation domain works the . Of , mission . work works removed are you derivative prevent you individual are works the to Project with name without the work of . change country laws you countries most located the terms of this any States United in copying derivative other Gutenberg creating or E following The concerning . prominently E on immediate which This other . Project phrase , whenever the the world , use for copy the . eBook You the at of is located may Project it away with located Project . posted distributed you anyone does . online United re or . S with permission check this under laws the eBook Gutenberg U Gutenberg of not either with associated or indicating can access or providing Gutenberg trademark . obtain permission imposed the Project E the to with posted additional . of an set the copyright United States If the of the . E . License E . terms work from Do . electronic prominently . E . word any compressed or to the , provide a copy on of Project other no of of include a , binary with access or Plain . to any access distributing official specified as fee . Any for paragraph charge official with a or copying Gutenberg official request form License or copy other not Do official user official gutenberg of E . official , Vanilla Project . E you the to calculate fee royalty Project your works the to already pay . You may distributing provided Gutenberg following prepare Foundation donate owner days legally Project each to date . such which to in user Project Gutenberg Royalty . are Project . to this periodic tax or paid . Gutenberg s notifies . who the . must be Royalty on donations mail Information . your as Foundation full e agree and all works the of does writing Gutenberg Literary Archive of - the or and paragraph works with receipt of the of a you reported terms works a must fee work . other physical not of all possessed access . copy of medium to user a such require must You use , for discovered in replacement to the other volunteers the , different this Gutenberg Project distribution wish Gutenberg this Literary copyright Project copyright on Contact Foundation works or charge or . a free for of of agreement , Foundation the in Project set of writing Project and creating stored , or copyright , may , law research . the as , U , medium Literary cannot a Defects works to . transcription , or , but medium Despite these which to in the proofread Right other distributing , expenses by REMEDIES of . by owner . DAMAGES defective incomplete by or computer F a or . by F Gutenberg Replacement trademark electronic AGREE fees by F FOR and party by all Project legal Project work it receiving paid medium , received days of OR If it by sending you RIGHT defective the with entity your received with explanation LIMITED REFUND - that . you If replacement entity the within physical explanation . it to received the any If the is F . a written refund without Except or Some violates law any . trademark - You of and or provisions electronic Foundation associated the hold the works , in and of distribution directly a distribution of , of from : alteration b liability or of Project volunteers employee to Project this , fees deletions to any Project cause about the free Gutenberg , modification , any expenses Gutenberg the of - readable cause to indirectly costs of and volunteers life . the and of aged the to come by formats Gutenberg you the following Project Archive are reaching Project Literary for Foundation for and Volunteers synonymous efforts they goals how permanent about Project to Project to the distribution . see Literary about and and To that the was more efforts Project Literary non corporation and educational of . Mississippi Gutenberg The Contributions Project is page under Gutenberg . and provide . Archive , Gutenberg a donations www the website up , and Foundation's Project to . www Donations Email is - can about and to upon donations licensed be . links contact the laws state's the to office Foundation the org extent found at gutenberg at page official Project public The freely array charities States and Compliance with . charitable committed particularly equipment to the status Gutenberg in is Foundation , are number of and support DONATIONS these considerable effort of much do not solicit compliance . of from our for , pages of and accepted alone current small who prohibition . any of . requirements treatment web credit card To . of of a we . such states cannot donate to S laws donations but of . works Project the org Project the was visit . U . gratefully with us unsolicited approach concerning accepting donations United outside the Please ways Section General , addresses check the please Gutenberg shared , keep eBooks S with Gutenberg all Project of at edition in which Most This our includes make to donations compliance notice . eBooks website . information to about org about the help email to are often support created copyright eBooks a are , how www unless subscribe Foundation newsletter Archive including