You twelve struck Nay answer . Stand the hour Francisco cold haste , Marcellus Horatio good night stirring mouse quiet you Not Well my bid them Stand this to you And Friends ground make ho night the to I O honest . has have seen thing I but fantasy our 'tis appear'd this says this What Touching Therefore That if . have , to come appear speak ears story . heaven , and myself one , the where Horatio it to the off ; like the then , beating it comes Mark with me harrows It Most Looks Question be a , like It would spoke . it wonder , offended stalks away I ! It , By charge speak march art What In sometimes the majesty speak and ! See ! I might eyes the God my ! Such it Is Of not the King had . on an angry ; parle ice , opinion this on in know our to work our dead . watch , and he strange before Thus twice martial With now So this And why foreign be is't might Does Why strict and toward for implements the . task , pride of Our us , King , the design'd skirts to And he in As hath That So lost of our enterprise unto strong state no is which , sir , cov'nant Fortinbras young lawless appear of a up of here ; in't diet stomach and a For by , I , the the And haste this the Is Of I Well Upon whose ; and fierce empire doomsday precurse preceding in tenantless gibber in with of and like influence fire dews of star stands events fates the on demonstrated it , illusion coming still omen earth climatures and and countrymen the of Neptune's to the Disasters Was it If But I'll hast thou soft , may there any That If Extorted if speak thou happily , hast in , the womb in foreknowing speak to me . thy speak speak O Speak which speak Shall I speak it speak Do , here For here We vain offer do here as is our here was about here here The To confine . probation the the on or , and erring of hies or his earth crowing object and And present dawning singeth 'gainst birth no , Saviour's celebrated all spirit are , The fairy nights hallow'd I o'er , the dew up , morn of yon part mantle we we us , young Unto consent loves pray Where , do't you yet , Hamlet our dear brother's morning that death kingdom ; woe our one in , and him of remembrance sorrow sister far in of be our be Though green hearts Together Yet With Taken to along that weak better Now follows wife ; late of know , disjoint be this pester to us with fail'd the surrender , valiant our Now much To , and his most Norway impotent this Thus His his herein : this you with the , to greeting no these Giving ; and let your and will : heartily . you made dispatch , you and and Voltemand more your allow articles dilated all with news is't Dane ? Laertes , Laertes farewell show we . duty , leave and What ; gracious , wishes your his and hard ; in pardon duty toward last at to my be will than , it ; time thy less my son hang I it , the than more am kin , now But thy best my little that cast thy too much nighted colour kind ? sun . off on vailed eye Do Ay common , nature it thee ? know not mother I good black solemn , breath ; with particular , grief , seem eye . of indeed which mourning these give That filial must and have I the are trappings man within and , lost obligation stubbornness and to heaven is unschool'd simple understanding , we what Take A It it fault To Is 'This vulgar vulgar shows A unfortified vulgar thing still hath fault Fie vulgar in fault whose common nature vulgar , son intent : vulgar immediate immediate , immediate our to comfort you our immediate not ; immediate cheer most beseech thy pray immediate not thee in This Sits the But the Denmark the heaven earthly And the King's great jocund His smiling Re - and resolve slaughter . had not and unprofitable fix'd , of would flesh into a dew 'tis and this flat all me ! seed it nay if within grown thy , ere or Frailty and roughly too ? remember increase her it As ; not Why of appetite would of hang earth on those — beast Hercules to brother ; of most galled her , to speed wicked in to it to hold my good flushing nor not heart come sheets eyes salt mourn'd ! yet Than My have father's most . left married She Had such to or Hail am I ! well my what make to , glad truant am what But I And faith disposition hear ear good Good from say own are in ere drink your my your so . me tables , my Horatio father me me ? see lord me Where me I seen met my dearest the me in meats king . all goodly ; once my I lord My admiration father ! may I King The your Season attent a these , your King the lord I ? Who him saw I . ear witness of to love , figure cap - with thrice surprised . did kept both , their Appears at encounter'd Barnardo middle of like - your pie solemn march , eyes and by and with not fear the length third had speak dreadful the deliver'd . comes , But hands lifted it , then And at motion even And the But live 'Tis indeed , Indeed And , do I Arm'd From , lord you wore he beaver up . anger ? sorrow in more , And eyes , look'd or pale I had I would much Stay'd long no . saw't with moderate have like BARNARDO haste I . again . his ? it . person . well all , still . So hap this pray , gape sight ! were men's . lasting ; in primy not ; minute alone doth you own fear not mind the of Perhaps is as , himself , will soil no withal In greatness thews For bulk crescent does ? so but ; and now of may not Carve he As Than give is fits the the It Then it weigh too your you of she Virtue of be spring . near lesson . keep do pastors and path primrose puff'd steep not , his here not me But upon Aboard the shoulder , thoughts his means no adoption steel , with tried , thy no . tongue their few character any familiar thy dull soul quarrel may ; thy , not thou palm with entertainment : station . voice . buy reserve , thy as express'd they of Are And Thou must my not blessing take Farewell , of itself chief : of , key said . you to lock'd ? you to he Lord Hamlet . late on tell you , me tenders daughter me my , my lord , these circumstance for the more yourself , should I baby pay a with me . love to . it go lord , it soul , daughter making it it it it , this time both , extinct higher Lord it young Hamlet rate presence - blazes . woodcocks catch light Than Believe not take your a command so Do not of Breathing better not give you words . my I to't Have to I to beguile But I As Look is ; I think ; it lacks of ; not Wherein The Keeps ; No spirit does What his tonight and the drum drains it marry is native is't More And And honour'd heavy to to clepe addition , tax'd revel though perform'd of our attribute height at though with indeed and nature are in though they choose in particular though men though achievements and though oft pith The From for So our though Soil our wherein wherein By breaking by of some wherein plausive in their down say , manners , wherein pales wherein the The Or form Carrying wherein virtues wherein wherein , Nature's , be man substance scandal of own else general The it from will speak thee their we , ignorance bones not father Thou com'st , royal thee thee ponderous ! What marble this complete fools we corse again may and . a or wicked hearsed why quietly ? we ? glimpses , glimpses should moon of our glimpses of of steel glimpses in glimpses the glimpses With glimpses you beckons Look to glimpses then will I my lord it . fee , lord it I'll immortal ? the other the , immortal itself immortal forth toward his into place very immortal Which And might draw And immortal immortal immortal Go off your makes petty the call'd make ! Go ghost , I'll that follow . fit imagination to him lets obey ? this of will Denmark come . Speak When lend hearing flames up ghost I I what , Alas , poor shall , art So And am I Doom'd a certain done confin'd away freeze prison that I am word , their blood spheres part on list father murder thy thy ! thy list thy thy thy swift unnatural is the the it wings the as and the apt thee . fat wharf Hamlet Lethe than ease this the that ; so know did Now prophetic Mine uncle soul father's the thy . the Denmark , Now , out a that thou process forged but sting his crown , my Ay wicked of , me , what my of witchcraft O O virtue wretch . To will So I made Though So a whose a in itself methinks be custom let ! prey cursed secure porches . a a it sate , in ; as it never were gifts to on angel of radiant shape link'd , vial pour orchard uncle in whose , stole my afternoon ; through ! be incest ; hand loathsome , about a bark'd , account horrible not my sin . contrive . me be at near , in the adieu . fie O earth ! heart else thee memory Remember instant , What ; seat ? thee not . table trivial , Yes alone copied live there records , pressures ; shall is , is ! villain is me to , and lord . Within . My my is my MARCELLUS , is is . my ! lord my , boy is't Come ho my ! lord bird , it O How my Not Nor , be no To tell , be Why , right , without you ; we that be business be it so your For as every ; be and business you be , You Such as it Look but And fit more and wild offend no There's I'm they faith , Patrick to may , one request . will . tonight . seen not . and known HORATIO what lord We have we , In Nor I faith my , We have sworn Cries hear thou swear . thou Art stage the under on , speak speak Never et Come ? Then , upon we'll . Beneath And A O said , worthy old Canst this stranger in And Than Or As 'If 'Well That Here How To I dreamt therefore before of put or hereafter I bear myself meet you help so think — never , would' shall shake if , might' . help not if to you be could and this need So . Swear your . pray you you , I do perturbed my , love on of let's . right . go born was ever I come You My , good intend in are and Paris you did well means Danskers , what at encompassment and drift of you and , finding . him his Reynaldo ? this my lord do so him , take marry please he be forgeries may As What in part if't , sir , such mean But Quarrelling You no Faith he not must , lord , that . my put they may and flash The outbreak open may season or you but savageness seem taints on charge , his blood . lord do I you should Wherefore my , And You laying these slight , here's a fetch my on , son sullies is a ever closes The 'Good Your sir the mass 'closes By At He And then Very , the consequence' and consequence , so you with At 'friend in him in or 'closes the 'gentleman thus ' ay t'other ; know or and , enter or so such such o'ertook house this a such and in's sale' truth of carp forth . or : there and wisdom of out and me My his Good b' lord Observe let him , lord I the sewing doublet his down was what , the , ankle other , hell me do ; hard arm , profound length piteous it his end length thrice falls to length other such thus my brow so he length face arm mine me all of and length o'er stay'd down bulk his length go turn'd me length on help . me light his , am as and heaven undertakings hard any denied . me . did move . age jealousy ! ourselves love utter ourselves long and to see you . Guildenstern you ourselves need hasty ourselves have than use we ourselves nor was ; so did much sending to ourselves nor Hamlet's Our ourselves Of Since And since vouchsafe Welcome we the What it thus himself and your by his To as on occasion so to days I it , th'understanding brought youth here rest to men . with us to As To whom show expend and visitation Your by the fits supply shall If us awhile , much gentry adheres sure And To here To ourselves We up our service both more have . command , and our practices Guildenstern gentle , of good my lord you I my hold , as to and — God think not us'd the to to — policy of else , my to do hath He Thyself of My , of he , desires out to appear'd suppress him the he 'gainst , age , sickness he which your look'd a first To nephew's Upon was be fair , my levies preparation never and brief out , found whereat which greetings and . Polack impotence arrests , obeys fine more joy against Majesty , to of dominions , before thousand Norway of old Whereon With That are please you give allowance ; this consider'd us likes It Meantime to we rest at night welcome liege This day And I Why What Therefore tediousness brief Madam is farewell More is't will be But let matter less 'tis true art at A And use will I . figure no then for grant , us mad 'tis out . foolish art effect defect . now cause , this Perpend mine , vile a duty — remainder whilst , the ; phrase idol 'beautified' . her ? faithful . move fire will , to vile to from are stars a love best have machine most my , doth numbers dear obedience hath whilst best at never Doubt Doubt , that truth But ill to doubt love But Ophelia dear . fell a would I When I As my perceiv'd daughter , tell your the Majesty faithful dear my had I faithful me desk with a upon think , did faithful bespeak work faithful , star : faithful resort precepts of went round I herself , a faithful prince , his to , you that , out then I , or play'd my given might What Or 'Lord my not And you young Hamlet must Which he Thence Thence there Hath have it positively said I'd , very , ''Tis otherwise that a prov'd I I otherwise indeed walks he Where circumstances hid , though try the sometimes the the it together . lobby the daughter arras my reason he love the indeed the loose the will assistant for and farm fall'n thereon , try the We sadly I I'll , Excellent Then Honest honest , would I you my so my is . be man a being ? lord of , goes world thousand — dog a good kissing he . Yet is He do What words my . again I conceive Still a was suffered harping fishmonger extremity you read love lord ? What is the who matter read here their eyes my . and amber wit most , sir are says ; slave a I lack a , if it powerfully set crab , thus in't — and , which will my willingly , his sometimes reason , him , and leave How madness delivered of means the not suddenly My cannot except , I will most humbly take my Lord the . God lord ; old Hamlet most honoured sir you dear dost he is ! Guildenstern the how , As My Rosencrantz the Good excellent good My Happy the parts you secret Then . is news Fortune news news news , news there are one news , not lord worst th' news a Denmark's , lord prison world . for myself . there me is be space infinite Why thinking then 'tis God your none . one I the a but shadow's and our . heroes is I quality my outstretch'd servants of my attended at . But for , by . you Come is craft there , nay , say purpose looks should . You which and ? my have lord direct me conjure youth more , direct you , by dear with no direct and direct for Guildenstern I you to but direct exercises direct goodly this most direct ; excellent firmament appears no What a faculties , an like angel . in world paragon ? quintessence my , think the did you , by though lord laugh players me of and the not sigh gratis adventurous the the hither they you you shall welcome his foil on way the , man what in man . lady How it their chances Even same indeed the both the — in travel , profit they , it comes in keeps little , most children , aerie of . clapped These . are they but the . now on that many , question . and . not it . holds . nation wrong , for a . and while in no money . and too load carry carry about of brains carry , those forty carry find 'Sblood could carry . if little carry philosophy the , in , natural his the for more in welcome the extent father like players . Your hands the come . The You the you . must you me the , entertainment - handsaw , a . west my hawk Guildenstern baby the he , sir : to me tell time you , see is and too come to yet second right lord have the historical either historical , heavy what , his tragedy , tragical only too the treasure lord and be the What judge of treasure Jephthah , Seneca - pastoral , unlimited tragical not Jephthah I i' you me What As and , then by to lot , most my abridgement comes am it wot God , my lord ? know . more welcome O , by uncurrent We'll gold to your altitude a Come What me , matters cried it , affectation of and , chiefly matter in . not whose above speak thee in heard . the in one in speaks 'Twas were in an in tale sable , in : Priam's handsome it there no honest in matter the than Dido slaughter let line of more . very much I the author savoury by where loved begin is at he Aeneas' It The memory When Black as now is with mothers sons , sword top hideous senseless of Then , with crash wide strikes Ilium flaming match'd his a , For the , blow ear base this . his to Which Pyrrhus' the Priam falls and i' on . Pyrrhus to th'air sword head stick stood and , his . nothing against , speechless death vengeance the as region new a hammers proof Pyrrhus' Fortune take general out Out him spokes down away the strumpet falls him fellies her wheel ; you All him gods sword bleeding . Priam him ! him him , too too That's too too Say too good ! 'Mobled queen' too Hecuba . 'The come too to With Where A 'Gainst if When the Fortune's with mincing instant of move And Would where clamour , clamour clamour clamour . will used clamour well I'll you well , clamour bodikin , My After ; for see you are bestowed out turn'd report will I much ? hear Dost they 'scape man less whipping deserve sirs . play a We'll , Come . thou tomorrow ha't lines sixteen night , You could lord . which set down would not b' a it O Is monstrous , this slave player ye that in fiction force her his Tears That Could A broken in But what Ay to from to Hecuba or ? and ? the general He ear the Confound Make And I Had That her her cleave That would her the weep And the ? her he cue her , her What would for stage free , tears appal rascal dear I , not for life my her lie the in does for it Who me ? take lungs it , or , my breaks whose off me Plucks Ha ! As A . made , it ere the ! I Prompted revenge , unpack my and lecherous . offal fatted have pigeon - the treacherous , son to like fall , And A guilty have They struck it murder something miraculous though proclaim'd cunning creatures , scullion Must so I'll his of murder quick spirit If he that I looks ; speak , players these observe my father I'll . to the relative drift of this ? speak , crafty him to be forward by means he cause And would But what confess Nor we keeps sounded no , gentleman a question Niggard he you receive like court already . to most think night of hear And , And To on in seem 'Tis , fell I heart him him With Good And purpose on it lord edge these to leave . seeing judge , lawful , may If't gather And That We so Her thus th'affliction I be That wildness To , will We Is harlot's The action , devil a more The hear Than cheek to deed my coming . to in the sleep a we to this mortal dreams ay , them ? the 'tis what dream to and a a against by to perchance sleep have bear Must us shuffled death off : wish'd of — the scorns so of whips To that in To who The patient The The With of dispriz'd of Who sweat of we that does us traveller undiscover'd the and bodkin he himself ? might these , have ? orisons you , now and moment . well ? of receive thank your all name . in - aught you longed pray I I humbly I I remembrances rich rich rich ? rich noble perfume breath mind . lord rich when poor again ; rich Could rich ; lord have , commerce beauty What fair to the a me you than me Indeed . my and honest is , Ay what into to his you You thee it you myself were you them ambitious my nunnery indifferent revengeful you you honest . I was the you of ; relish it better to a to that thoughts shut in's own you sweet heavens needs shalt for plague , Or quickly ; enough and what if thou farewell go well give house that he ! Be . marry wantonness . them I already a . are make hath and it keep is shall marriages rest more O powers enough make nickname I'll you , no yourselves of and lisp face have , Go shall , live Th'observ'd seen ? Nor Love not out out out be out Thus out set I down some out : and seas settled objects countries shall matter , beating . brains still his of origin from Sprung We Of Your all I'll be It ; To their if you hold it fit her please ; conference him . so let ; send best ; If ; or confine him . think ; pronounced your to trippingly I do the passion ; gently pated ; the of the in players as the air , you a , as shows Termagant , to me must too as had as it as for of smoothness my as spoke may give as periwig ears a warrant from that the the is feature and now virtue of to ; it the grieve , the observance overdone so Suit not Be the too show body , to tame neither word though time her was is , action o'erstep , to , of others having , have made humanity indifferently be of clowns , play had imitated let them some down to , villainous meantime set laugh though is set , of some Christian play profanely , thought it altogether , in Bid fool considered too Will will sweet art cop'd e'en conversation my thou , Horatio I , be are well co fawning ? fawning , pomp the of fawning , distinguish men thee in and they That , could fawning pregnant the thrift And Hast fawning Whose fawning blood A ta'en judgement equal she please passion's not sound what stop please core too before of my father's - please much . mingled please of please that man . seen face please to rivet And Vulcan's It In stithy . Give are my whilst play pay playing , theft is , I . idle I . be I I , I I eat so are I good a you , My you I , did That nor mine I lord you ? enact accounted kill'd . say ? sit your patience do more my my ready so upon there Be the . that mark lap lie lie lie . lie lie lie head Ay That's lie country my thought to fair , maids' . merry my should looks do ? two died lord my suit merry within's ? yet I'll , he makes dead seems awhile , or three The his body , mallecho . mischief it the love fellow imports by that him . you tell to , you You As ? Phoebus' Tellus' and dozen thirty And Since About our hearts in , most and ere are your . you so sick I of nothing love . know , must distrust late state quantity extremity made grows . too : kind breast . first love move of none my kill kisses determine slave violent Of Purpose but fruit the what but wormwood , in you joy or purpose propose forget ourselves the either with ourselves Most when to themselves . accident most doth lead should our else his to yet fortunes change lament . destroy on , grieves aye of prove not . nor mark or you makes left , fortune , a our 'tis man hitherto on a advanc'd poor The not in who want seasons orderly devices , ours thoughts Our But die think thy Nor earth To An and Sport cheer me in desperation To , a and once , If . leave , it now . in't no there no . methinks much lady The too she'll , argument , Is poison This the i' offence the is wife image : of Let that o' I if , to . could the puppets . damnable . thy revenge , seeing time and ; bellow agreeing , story how thrice , immediately usurp blasted weeds property dire collected see The weep deer must some away world the runs , with , get Turk , For Would strucken shoes strucken For strucken strucken A strucken This strucken good O for ? my lord poisoning . the , well well of ? comedy , perdie the thousand talk the , I ha Why my No , my should With , sir Is for , doctor his choler purgation to . signify start and hath so . spirit welcome . commandment please Make wholesome shall , more but command My , lord ? rather . My . hath . But or matter your : says heels stonish speak she you with this admiration her ! admiration ? But Have . any you you , lord still at with our and I if do I were , trade you , liberty have lack . griefs advancement Sir upon Good How , succession cause when the you — grows — something the to your voice To withdraw with is the the ? proverb me is too into this , would you love upon play pray . cannot . Will lord . with and , it of mouth harmony are ventages stops most and not the me I . will the music I make a can than , speak seem would , sound cannot yet to Do the would , sir voice stops lowest ; me play do you me upon like . what you , 'Sblood . with that's almost in a a like is and speak bless , the is backed It mother and will say top . out drink day the night I Now . And Contagion 'Tis quake The will Let O to this churchyards When let , range madness he To Hazard your I to nor , soul my , stands . will forthwith along prepare . ourselves . the , ourselves ourselves draw wheel , mount ourselves majesty rest ourselves ourselves but armour weal ; and feed upon is much and gulf a . like but The all The . spirit . itself That near on with summit the . Are Fix'd and small . whose To Did boist'rous . annexment sigh King the To The meet 'Tis , O to And pardon'd down ere snow to enough rain prayer but come to what foul , O me still , to prayer , form the own to be That crown of to queen ? murder my . rests action ourselves we . shuffling , and then What forehead of , the seen pardon'd mine the And Offence's Yet O wretched sinews ; black cannot not it . so ? repent Make of , steel : babe with well born - new now he and of , that : villain as knows save thought reveng'd soul a pleasure ; or about act kick may of asleep know And with his all how But in our And is in no has At Or , drunk , soul it may but , swearing up thoughts hath been . straight have Grace I'll round . Mother silence with , not me . tongue . offended wicked idle You so rood husband's that are . so rood brother's not rood ? rood you you a part you up you my rood shall budge rood . murder ho , now How A , Draws ! King mother ! slain am ? the and . bloody a As A king kill ? fool . danger down rash , rash tongue rash ? shall — rash busy . so so rash me an an Makes . rash oaths of blush , innocent . Heaven's , body dicers' . and the words from false thought against the the this picture presentment upon so counterfeit Look rhapsody With Ay Mars An eye Hyperion's See a the husband every A your wholesome Could his like mountain Ha ! have you eyes feed mildew'd what man kissing - set indeed a Have give To lighted world on combination did god ? Here Blasting ? This ? brother husband batten And ? this this you ? day sense But without ? thus Eyes not so without a to not ? judgement and : Sense madness motion ; have for quantity was . ecstacy difference ne'er What hoodman without as , thy , sense sans one shame part sickly in And Hamlet compulsive the frost In And As there Over sweat , such eyes reason O I mine my tinct very see but to of , honeying and making ; ears . mine part vice . a put No and would What ! and come it he's time and your passion son , command by ? to dread lets chide — figure . mother fighting her visitation blunted thy almost This . is't is't , you is't with eye is't spirits your is't sleeping , the hairs the cool is't you Do action do effects capable , him cause and this ; Then you nothing see yet all Do Nothing Nor did it how ! you , goes , there in as away coinage cunning creation bodiless his habit No look , father he is This My And where Look My even ecstasy . is the of soul , test , grace your love ; ulcerous madness to my within heaven weeds virtue . good , part away the purer Hamlet , Virtue and woo of the in O That to likewise aptly And use For the To potency . abstinence almost either With I'll The I must this heaven you ; with but their , scourge and and So be . are you of me blessing beg this answer minister kind behind night lady of not good you let in am all with this reechy kisses , you that you you bid do call pair , matter madness essentially a of ? sense bat him , out fingers , a on basket the fly and the top basket neck if of life I must hast to thou What breath I , England , so my adders concluded Alack . trust I , mandate seal'd own delve . crafts line two one petard the to knavery they . and two fang'd schoolfellows their below O and , man the most an with knave end you . foolish toward mother prating and . grave secret . life in still Good matter Bestow Ah What my , Mad is the Which the old . brainish unseen The so is O yourself how liberty To Even the gone love of out was foul let he , kill'd base is some is what . ore done mountains , him the this and chapel . the in hath hath fair I . know , And And . And . countenance both Hamlet his out . Friends from him . mother's seek Into , speak you pray both done o'er as the hit Transports Whose level his whisper Within Who , done you ! noise What ! Compounded ! dust whereto ! that to not And Do ! believe replication me believe sponge — keep believe believe I believe believe , counsel . squeezing am you of is , with the A is King where the body . The after all . fox . the the this and to goes law put that it the of their not 'tis sudden offence so Deliberate ? get is We worms politic eats Not where e'en king all else at he At At supper . Where your . Your us him fat is . That's ! that a king service emperor — convocation for dishes maggots guts the go up stairs find you if , him through progress a messenger your If . place see yourself . to you shall him you till you there stay , for dearly send thee hence ; grieve , purposes ! Farewell . Good our , father and him everything is seal'd else And England my it at foot . so , and mother man mother Tempt him may cicatrice Since the yet great , As thy give free thy effect imports mayst ; England , done , it which , sword process After Pays For thou , that And shall will do't , my . his us rendezvous the with eye so . these Go whose are They Good I Goes speak Or to go pay Truly five will , already , to gain I but with some and little patch to would the name farm . to ducats ! to to straw thank you b' to . to to , man . more us of against a Go inform revenge occasions all If his sleep before with us and That in or precisely Now . quarter'd oblivion Of thought ever yet Why Sith have will A will I will will Led Whose Witness will spirit Exposing Makes that for will Even But not Is an to greatly father find without in . and to while of and numbers bloody ? not graves like tomb thoughts is the for all imminent That The Go Which Whereon She Her speak will of , father , she have ? says she , hems . and in and beats her it it , nothing world at of doth . thought , own and might for , thoughts them , gestures , breeding much there , nature amiss . minds she - soul It So spills beauteous is artless fearing in some to prologue itself full the be , pray Nay He He his , turf , stone a heels Pray you mark — Ophelia the lord ! mountain , showers love do They what grave did go Lord a may was pretty you , How know ! the when window betime morning is in Pretty Ophelia maid , door . on't , Saint ! to't , me blame , sun my ? yonder bed been thus cannot , My my patient ground night good ladies Come choose . cold th' good But I good counsel ; I deep not single ; grief Gertrude slain her violent muddied thoughts have fair or all , beasts to buzzers , as which - Divided In , Polonius' hugger Thick his But When Of good from herself are pictures keeps , his dear , death superfluous this , done . her to inter wonder speeches nothing a , What are my the ? Switzers his lord matter impetuous young Let Than Where Let Alack my ocean as Antiquity ratifiers , world Let forgot and Let And Let They The cry hands Let , 'Laertes shall , 'Choose this , The O How . the door me my . O thou king vile , me the bastard . blood of Cries to calm cuckold Acts Why Speak incens'd not Where of him my Dead dead ? I'll to , Vows . the and Conscience hell I allegiance grace demand ! what come both dare That , damnation worlds comes for , shall means go certainty writ and in both ? to Laertes far know the , revenge foe draw and his life my a your it gentleman speak pelican my . rendering I'll , father's death - blood and child good am Let her . virtue of paid . 'pear , in come your judgement . eye of ? Ophelia , wits . nonny tear , a false the - steward call and daughter could and ! down and you on and you thy Hadst Fare and wits thou , it and nothing's ; that's and and remembrance for A and rosemary This columbines . itself They some made say give and you O . must I . my , Robin . favour affliction and and not he again ? turns And to He God Christian Do you souls commune with 'twixt you hand but grief , me . give that to your with but all kingdom , we not soul patience , Let the to Sailors be I do him let a name were gave Ere us compelled they to fly death I letters ; matter haste have became I of ship and some valour two of fellows . of 'Horatio King a slow boarded them . what of wouldst dumb good fellows of will for . England thee much I of dealt am too have bring sent . heart a , tell these against crimeful so wisdom , nature . much Queen myself The seem which special two strong and for , but it in other sphere , motive The count the his all love so me almost virtue My But yet my plague ; conjunctive moves life . I turneth that the star my be looks to by the dipping the That Why , Would Is A sister , challenger perfections your not her That lov'd pastime our You , your can we That And my Letters your Majesty lord now and shortly ourself danger , will imagine — will . will not them He I ; will brought . brought . will I know will Leave you leave beg I sudden your and thereunto strange ? Are mean What mighty should is , and hand thing ! such the more , shall Tomorrow some Or And That It I should If be so How , otherwise ? by rul'd so , As my be Will how you o'errule be 'Thus diest you thine As an the Under To more And But even for The That might be the for could will uncharge . the shall , breathe it so ; devise . and did Did , you , together is in youth no , regard much sum of wears , months , French weeds it Two , against Normandy that becomes less — grew He . such to witchcraft he wondrous . beast been had in't they And well , and doing brought my tricks ? Norman A The very you a He gave and him know I well you That he Now sudden Your of swore oppos'd them Did coming of out What of of of of like the you of face A Why I see spark the of snuff a at nothing And kind There that But And Time lives A of wick within passages begun by of that very flame will a this pleurisy That and , a hands delays 'would' many are son you in in . i' should th' . th'ulcer sigh : on varnish know you a should That show back : father's More yourself than , no gave your those return'd you Revenge do this have shall excellence together the being all , fine remiss ease choose , are close you double put set And We'll Frenchman Will And bought draws it Where So for Collected purpose of anoint do't dip if withal save death further . that I'll touch him slightly point be , be , have thing the be be means performance me see be , be , prepar'd , him motion dry might bad this that motion — let and motion motion hot end motion that motion , your ; venom'd Queen another's sweet hold . drown'd heel , Laertes . call , weeds coronet broke herself spread tunes old bore and , her up , they Her clothes , be not lay their her death poor Too forbid , she be out nature . douts Adieu will fire folly it fain follow , would my are custom , When her . tears of it trick my what ; that will But . Gertrude give salvation let's Christian burial follow Now I this ? own her , on , is Why and finds therefore unless , drowned herself her grave straight . defence in . so . here lies point the act three goodman wittingly you water but hear But shortens Argal the his is drown the . lies water Will Ay you even gardeners was Was grave , world have ? If this crowner's , had not a . great folk than have their gentlemen I'll , the to me dost . If Adam a art , that builds heathen says Scripture What he ; for to well well thy the ? It builds to stronger well that I tell now I . can cannot . this doomsday Go , next question will say mend not ass love ; did , sweet . meet , making , behove , at daintier never me with steps , such the his land clutch How did this ass the the knave now not one knocked , but ache more to a see't . with , Ay horse meant to beg it such he when so a of clay guest a the skull , be land action of battery his , sconce Where and the , to knock his cases now of buyer dirt Will vouchers of , recovery himself his the than of - assurance seek Whose out . sir — Mine that , pit For be , on't lie my I it such guest ? guest guest in't , guest is yours . indeed guest say not and quick 't guest dost For ; therefore again it thou woman none then For be to One How it , that undo us grown age . By courtier a I o'ercame Hamlet year , th' How you Cannot days the , young — Every born marry , because him not mad ; was be Very e'en losing wits man in here How . year that he long be eight nowadays , your so year more than this earth in a hath trade . years twenty with laying ? you — tann'd water ; while And - for on A . pestilence , same him Let , see me your not ? songs your roar get to flashes ! is a , Horatio on his back , how gorge now my one she Horatio , favour , to thou this Dost base dust loam and beer barrel he was turn'd dust whereto - dead loam that dust thus to . as it find a ; But why Imperious Caesar a ! the kept keep , hole the Trains comes Here , which patch ! O soft the corse rites rites rites rites Fordo Couch own That rites is and awhile What very rites a noble else . command great obsequies should , Yet She the here maiden sage requiem more to sing should No be service souls . her to dead parted such her her angel Ophelia sweet Hamlet's . deck'd sweet , Farewell priest sister , thee shall tell sense ingenious the her pile I of this your old o'ertop flat Till Depriv'd have thee Fall And not bride once Whose once To once once once once once For I prithee Yet have Pluck ! asunder throat . thy ; rash hand . thy Away . in I thy them All ! Hamlet Good Hamlet Gentlemen I , Until Why O my my fight eyelids not I lov'd my he love God of , 'Swounds woul't what show forbear ! forty their quantity do thyself . will whine ? crocodile her zone ? here eat ? thou'lt do woul't as Nay well , throw I them let and , burning against mere is like What cat I I pray , good what use . dove are disclos'd sir ; matter . day his thus me no , may have wait our , upon the watch patience have some shall proceeding a shortly living we monument son . see ; should bilboes kind of Methought I Rashly know lay that will and shapes that them ; us . ends serves the . pall divinity hew , me , them and where ! several and health goblins knavery commission with Oh No My That With Denmark's many sorts of , possible the leisure possible did villanies brains , possible : sir , labour'd statists fair possible ? possible do our I — commission , service fair possible it , as to my with sat Wilt but I wrote it know now , more great , flourish might garland less , tributary good them comma her the faithful from As earnest still 'tween their wheaten palm like a 'as'es - and further debatement should my up the gave't of Now . th'impression the model in seal'd this was in form . go to't . to the it seal purse sequent was this — conscience life my hopes upon ! perfect ? nature evil our , whor'd to is't And mother be . England . Horatio say there to mine ; this know to Denmark my , lord ; of dirt 'tis a leisure but of his to from 'tis a . as impart I his to thing a . indeed my to , sultry Majesty . bade me you and beseech Sir signify and the it is it and very sultry , my and hot for and laid is and — tell has most , his and , him of nothing his more semblable the yet verity . our more soul But and soul , in soul to soul infusion soul gentleman soul ? gentleman ? will are words this — not ignorant of , are you if sir excellence . sir , Well I well should lest a ; but know his his sir not would I dare You that ignorant , weapon were compare with in his King has girdle , imponed their which The , for meed in of , as very , are delicate in must knew I What , The carriages by sir edified be matter till , carry But and . cannon be be be . twelve on between passes laid hath dozen be , be that's all a you be ? you and the imponed trial Majesty for hits nature your gentleman can . I ? the , for's are turn yours there . his he , the he with know Majesty to him you My pleasure hold to that his purposes to mine fitness I , and speaks play am lose this You do think Since odds went , wager into France But : but . me play She well the , but perhaps is . of ill continual as would repair fall come not readiness leave be it ; come . now of be he There's yet , to 'tis , not augury not There's There's whit There's we defy now if ; If it There's it man no , aught There's , me presence Give There's . your pardon you here ? himself . denies it , wrong . heard , exception distraction away . Laertes . Hamlet madness . so evil wrong'd ; generous purpos'd . case house case nature me most case case honour case case , it embrace I Give Come us skill the know foils No shall your I'll Give Your I , well This This better'd foils lord my . too heavy the answer in quit Or If the of Set me Let The And the crown to judges on drinks And in than which four the the cannoneer Hamlet sir , No very , A give Stay Here's to drink . thy , Well health him Give first cup set by awhile . brows thy rub breath win shall my . fortune . face and it by . late me yet , I Aside . dare the Aside Say so make best a You do violence me . not almost hit now my conscience your . 'gainst 'tis , you the pray am pass They Look both , I kill'd ? own with to ? Queen see the them drink bleed Hamlet ! be lock'd : Hamlet . Let art good slain . am I , an is half in The , me Seek drink ! is there the , treacherous in envenom'd instrument on hour . thee of ; do I hand thy . King too work am . I ! friends Is damned union . Hamlet . himself upon this to . Wretched at or tremble act , this adieu . tell I audience I Queen chance thee it , free pale but . me O this fell dead , aright death you , have't . live in me , awhile thy , behind me , in what pain heart thy story what didst the Give Things what what To Fortinbras what what On him with I The cannot So have sing . do has my dying is sing silence sweet . rest sing . heart noble flights it wonder on sing bloodily hast struck ? sing sing us late fulfill'd dead thanks his , you . their to thank death from Guildenstern commandment should dismal come give is and should Rosencrantz are our too are England his him ears The Where That never from here stage speak judgements carnal let on You upshot upshot upshot upshot upshot that from upshot On plots and same Bear have For The prov'd Take up he To Exeunt the Speak was works the means the Foundation so law will from editions Updated , royalties this Project the used . charge including do paying purpose trademark license such as for you creation very Project not — any performances redistribution Redistribution is commercial . to and and of promoting the using by Project works associated Use with any mission work Project the of online or license and using refund from may E be paragraph It work . trademark agreement . by electronic Project of a obtain do a agree of copy forth bound a in an this with of terms paragraph Literary below Foundation individual we States the in in copyright Of work on the freely this agreement Project sharing . in easily keeping Gutenberg can You this License . the located , countries States of terms the most United are others Gutenberg keeping work of . by the Project terms with agreement full charge without of your in the this associated name with share state can The terms the works you laws with works downloading have than works , a Gutenberg associated of works the Project full copy you works following , other sentence works Project Project or in and . will you . included License no anyone of at it away cost give , world , use , phrase , located Project . providing States notice texts E contain without that can paying work , or with the of requirements associated the for access it is posted and charges with copied S Gutenberg copyright permission the distributed or to anyone or . use E . through of any the terms and work is distribution and all the for . holder the found the . work copyright remove containing Project , with or the or , or the permission this the any copy or any , associated any files perform electronic of forth proprietary , distribute However a official form , or distribute Plain org user the of Vanilla . E . unless you not charge copy copy Gutenberg other or , posted must the ASCII you , provide form Any . means a as or a access specified of paragraph fee in . copies . E of or you for Gutenberg gross calculated trademark , the he the fee but must tax and returns to Project all he s that Gutenberg and medium Project who return full the within Foundation of by days Gutenberg user Project address the at Archive Literary refund by Information to F other a . works to in any money mail access possessed works and require the terms of accordance discovered receipt all with If or terms , Archive in forth the comply electronic paid money You provide of wish other distribution Gutenberg Literary work must Contact Foundation below you , transcribe expend creating Gutenberg the and stored incomplete Project , employees as proofread Project may , inaccurate or other or copyright disk or codes damaged , Project all Right legal paid work for it it - can If you a a STRICT LIMITED electronic . in a F receive received written with with or the . not the the or to interpreted law If . warranties the disclaimer applicable agreement maximum to make state . the set of forth this agreement the or this types of disclaimers The hold Foundation works associated , indirectly : to directly occur or Project alteration cause . all from work or , harmless promotion that any b Information is , of people in formats about you with Defect old all walks - the the the , synonymous to cause of widest aged to efforts in works the financial need available ensuring are Archive To Information . Service Gutenberg and Archive Section Literary Project corporation your for permanent and the Project . Project can - found Email located your laws links Watchung state's full Project at at Project org Project Foundation cannot Archive www . Donations Project to and accessible mission without works small equipment Many donations widest be a takes locations keep United state up particular SEND states from know no states . any for of donations with offers accepted , requirements contributions in we of such received make from our staff To . we . not us are donations International any United the check States addresses checks please including , a library support For Hart : Information the of was . volunteer often Project shared Gutenberg a our at start Most