Nay Stand Stand live the . Barnardo Who's answer . Stand Long unfold . Stand Stand , Stand He You now 'Tis much relief you come The . is Who ho , my rivals If Friends . Have meet I good to Give O , you Give . place , Say my , A Horatio Welcome , have this , fortified once What , nights against assail awhile down Sit are And That let And us sit speak of this , appear story our Barnardo , one where like same Thou In The , Most like . like dead King the speak it it , and with spoke , that ? which thou Looks would It march is sometimes Did Stay , charge the usurp'st . now ! 'Tis ! How Is something ! think you tremble Horatio What ! will speak Before ! my ! not this more ? this avouch I Without Is the God Of he once sledded smote the it to when on an combated on ; thyself had he armour gone by dead in at I know our scope eruption jump Polacks . the watch hour this . knows of work watch me subject cast implements and tell observant whose from that labourer war brazen divide might such mart And And why be Why make of the Sunday shipwrights of the sweaty day the me last with sore cannon : King Norway Hamlet him ; Fortinbras world by known by of , moiety all law ; by , now pride esteem'd seal'd heraldry our ; most , there and lawless to , vanquisher Hamlet Norway enterprise is unto our here , design'd which a return'd Fortinbras cov'nant , same , young article hot , motive our some other , lands take , post think this , haste And Is terms But it As to doth food Shark'd That For hath recover - that other the sheeted mind's eye Rome , portentous but e'en wars . King of in Neptune's fell the and Disasters stars little stood and Did And Was sick As That mote In Unto our and to harbingers like to sun trains . eclipse , again illusion , events . earth of . climatures Lo and on with empire earth doomsday of the even Upon earth Have As , hast earth Speak it prologue behold thou I'll earth any sound , where done fate earth may foreknowing uphoarded spirits ! life country's , earth to me earth walk and of privy happily Which Extorted art do any to me . womb death oft in strike if it at , you ? stand here ! majestical being of so ! show the vain blows the air mockery . invulnerable , is our about , the sounding to . started , cock Doth the of sea to it gone malicious violence , We It Whether present This say Some It The faded that Saviour's our Awake with his . god and ; day , in at on they say dawning singeth then hath , mantle part . believe hallow'd takes are object cock comes , dare no do high eastward time night abroad it hill advice him to life have for acquaint yon all no spirit charm strike planets power the . in seen . clad tonight . conveniently Voltemand , us Hamlet consent I pray , dumb shall our Do Let's do't green bear remembrance discretion one and dear it our woe , on fought sorrow of with and and , 'twere to sister wisest our so in be The To Though be memory To far contracted Yet with hath , now warlike with auspicious in this affair Your With Th'imperial Have With one jointress we wife follows Holding Or Our Lost hath state With mirth In to wisdoms late of freely worth our nor weighing delight a better along that thinking to supposal weak disjoint be by Colleagued the , his Now Thus To his the surrender of for business his and herein and subject full uncle valiant So . gait Giving Out For further , lists Of of Norway To Who ; and We now , it and dilated you this you , power , Voltemand old to greeting more , further allow commend heartily your . than the haste , news is't , mouth to , offer wouldst the What , told not more thou more not is . speak your shall head is be You And The The You Laertes some my native to , Laertes the heart asking ? Laertes Laertes to in that father the instrumental to of What Than To now them my hath thoughts show leave Take And thy Hamlet kind — son him leave to my Polonius and leave father's leave , petition seal'd my last slow leave hard . go consent . sun a that like cast Do for Thou Seek not , am noble look Hamlet lord eye for thy it . dust Denmark off i' on than with thy lids . die lives common vailed the must with so particular be through to eternity is my suspiration the with can For Nor all denote within which passeth , suits indeed These might , and a fruitful customary suits haviour black , play visage seem of moods are mourning in you that No Together they have the truly actions the of in river forms , man to your your lost and for But course grief , father a bound Hamlet . term , sorrow unmanly unschool'd to nature to a , 'Tis incorrect heaven , heaven , hath , opposition fault earth note We to throw theme , cried died common We , We We . Wittenberg We go of your son , We take world our nobility immediate impart Here chiefest cheer back And thy stay not I Our courtier the in shall with pray Sits No cannon the smiling ourself heart unforc'd gentle to health that the heaven thunder shall tell , again whereof of in to solid earthly the and in reply madam . come ; today , shall . speaking jocund But grace ; too . flat ! unweeded ! clouds Come would dew O and should this two ! my was not ; fie That . seed How Seem to on't Oh merely it months So That ; beteem loving . Heaven the so that and mother not nature — earth would thy within were had appetite yet , ere Frailty , poor to much things gross to : a grown old my like with even body , she mine tears ! is woman him month of increase if not By Let , the Hercules or those father , month a her wicked most O . left yet But I am , your for it to incestuous speed , sheets to hold lordship you see Hail ! Horatio your , my good name Horatio lord do to glad The , break change And I'll make , lord I very , in faith you — you disposition what But you would truant make , my your are . truant depart no own my enemy your hear am Nor that ? you father's wedding mother's fellow so violence report deep I , I , forth met had I Would Or My , in ! furnish my , funeral my not lord ever Did eye he a In I mind's I , foe dearest my father lord seen father a shall not look think I man , He My My lord lord , an your . gentlemen may while me love Barnardo , on gentlemen watch , march , pie - with thrice solemn like cap them - exactly their slow oppress'd truncheon's with whilst fear not kept . they surprised father , he , father more your me , where watch good we platform My made Itself But hands apparition , head morning it from away , sight cock as not the upon Did answer up it , I true ; our duty me troubles tonight it this , strange my , live And motion lifted It like haste speak ? up . face his head . top from he frowningly in than ? in look'd very Nay A , pale . you anger he more , moderate and , Not haste have silver'd sable I as I 'twill watch . in ? his gape all pray itself person , conceal'd noble I . this your shall , So , tonight silence you in twelve well , no sight . ye and . honour you duty requite it whatsoever understanding but eleven . loves your platform ! well farewell were eyes benefit embark'd sister let sleep . you . not me assistant , from , blood in ? of trifling the Do , that ; no more . No more does crescent this grow alone , waxes . service bulk but of Perhaps Think nor will The is his and The And , soil withal himself sanctity He he thews For nature more wide himself , to his do choice persons you not will ; but his of is unvalu'd on health voice . his and deed Unto head therefore the the May virtue greatness For for The Carve may your he give Than Whereof too the As with Then the he is Then if he believe place which ear or your you his Ophelia you fear unmaster'd The heart , loss of Denmark chaste treasure songs sustain honour it is dew of , moon calumnious buttons 'scapes her my prodigal in maid galls in Contagious then ungracious shall I But good in . of none safety not infants are , this lies of heart and as his puff'd primrose steep And Himself Whilst O here not own the though , itself watchman Show long , stay too not . like my double Yet . blessing ? second my father ; for your thy in precepts There thoughts of I And you Be Those each do - that But friends familiar hast , with but thy dull thy vulgar comrade few , entertainment their unproportion'd them entrance thy : rich thy proclaims can in act his steel . thy ; man rank chief lender itself ; in be friend . that station : gaudy ; be the , must borrowing France apparel express'd This And Neither borrower loses be to of and this season my man a both buy and the both false to oft a a And the then my both Farewell For loan select most of both both both And not invites time Farewell : blessing I ; my , remember leave Ophelia go , tend servants keep key memory said . said the bethought hath it What he Marry be way , very oft of . he Hamlet you . truth . tenders . his He Affection hath is behoves not , your up my ! such , You speak me yourself most ; and understand of Have it And Unsifted Pooh . should you . call think baby a yourself dearly true circumstance my do know . honourable a lord in tenders believe his you ; think tender pay poor fool . to my heaven I . it fashion call given Ay , With countenance , it — not My lord , crack the love this , take for promise light tongue the Even Be more the Giving all to go to you heat as your , lord know show rate ; time presence higher For him much so Than Breathing But Not Do a command parley larger And may not would Have , to so or charge my you , Look you not I that dye plain slander ; come ways Hamlet leisure . The better words to't lacks hour air and shrewdly It bites Wherein I it it spirit the . held , my ? season mean the swaggering wont to takes tonight of his it . down out , and doth King What does and wake And And This us and other west : and of though , addition headed ; our Soil Makes They our and More , my to to , nature Since , The for , down Being , The virtues form Or breaking o'ergrowth pales that ; be may pure , defect one , reason — grace men o'erleavens them , undergo censure man general fault as Fortune's stamp too or the manners say by To His Shall As Bring Be Angels the , shape questionable Hamlet call , blasts ! own lord , his ministers a thee thee . or heaven of spirit health such grace of in to ignorance saw their thy Let and thou Why me , corse again op'd Hath royal Dane I'll bones , cerements ; marble complete steel , sepulchre but ? did we do desire . alone if with away impartment What shake , the to we the of ? of souls moon in , more removed action a ? courteous go what It will No It then But ; do to will means no then it . then that . then ? pin's as at lord then ; lord form reason it then brain , the every of beneath , motive so roar into Think desperation to sovereignty assume deprive me puts place more into you very Without fathoms thee . sea the of base your some the toward hears summit into . lord my . follow go . makes And shall Go on It And You not rul'd each , body thee lets gentlemen , I ! on . me . him in . that . direct will Nay . it follow him . of will let's , no lead will , further me Mark me Speak I am unfold . hear hear when shall hearing ! myself tormenting sulph'rous and to hour thy , I nature of am blood spheres , forbid night the in days fast walk ; young part to locks like tale my prison - house , lightest whose stars and this But Like each ; particular eternal , as the it ; best and O ! love father dear O and foul unnatural Murder most ! I the that or know't , find strange my shouldst itself stir stung out by a ; so process know did his thou . life Denmark . youth uncle noble my thy , sting uncle crown wears uncle prophetic wit uncle wicked So will , me it uncle , what hand to mine those Though . uncle Upon Will So lust But soft sate And My let methinks ! made a me Upon in such as of through man , air , vial ears whose , hour hour hour hour doth did about and . hour ; hour mine , the bark'd with of , crown even , reckoning all made in of Unhous'led , my O imperfections but ! in nature luxury for not A But Let horrible With the No the sleeping If Against And and thorns howsoever mother to To Adieu all Taint The And , adieu pale , holds Remember memory Remember a ? memory ? instant , live past , by brain my villain heaven ! villain Denmark my lord word . MARCELLUS remember . Now . me in be a ; So I Within . secure him . Heaven , My . Within . wonderful tell lord reveal . it you'll , Good , Hillo my by of lord my be and HORATIO would then Not you Nor , I , lord my , say How But To , are shake and you heartily , my heartily . lord and poor words , there but that , and good soldiers , you here , my , swear't . I lord lord , not faith . lord . in . you . sword seen have . Propose of my , oath the this speak Never by my ubique lay . i' strange th'earth good wondrous ? remove Canst Swear more this is . mole ! Once , but , pioner Swear speak ! or perchance antic or That work worthy and And day As 'If 'Well So know such we , Or to list With That , odd soe'er disposition on shall , shall seeing doubtful and and to , they love poor perturbed your me most . what do all my at Swear need Beneath and aught ambiguous speak' we giving this not — and Let lips it , Hamlet , man friending to us spite together gentlemen a . born come fingers your is I was of on your pray cursed me to you you go as I in . go ever Nay lord marvellous You well Before My said first Marry That , they this company , Enquire lord , me who how And Take in if't Addicted But in 'And What may As forgeries so , but you and knowledge know very , may on so put that rank him 'not well usual wild ; swearing . drabbing that you not , Quarrelling Faith lord drinking As , That my my unreclaimed — fiery mind , warrant son working . on fetch here's sir it these a Your Ay laying you closes sir He , Having party Marry And As 'twere a or thing in converse Mark sound , you 'friend phrase ; you of the or would crimes assur'd or 'gentleman' or ? or , or , say , or in , ' something to Where ' 'gentleman ; know thus him gaming at so , truth . carp and me And you well . of of See or a house of forth falsehood do windlasses By With bait of thus by son God . music lord shall , so ? matter affrighted been what's now lord Ophelia , in I the , comes he been me foul'd , of love before I if Ungart'red Pale To speak of he with , upon , lord No do , lord me took And As had do all wrist know I fear his What other falls and ? hand Long stay'd my thus it He end with would a sigh to seem with And He thrice his to by draw done his shoulder his he over head to o' to He is last doors Come seem'd find That shatter their on undertakings love the Whose leads oft as will very light bended he And And violent And go with This me . I ecstasy fordoes I heaven , itself as you of denied , mad fear'd . it And meant quoted That I , lord did access repel His his ; letters me to sorry am More Welcome we much Rosencrantz Something to sending see you Hamlet's need we Since Of Resembles that put be should hath and long use that heard call entreat you the him , to may afflicts thus hath , That whom , men will good will of within companies are hope awhile you our open'd vouchsafe to us I To As Your As visitation to Good Put your We both you have . of into at ourselves service lay Might Both dread pleasures the by and such our us bent more your Than majesties , And Thanks Thanks much these our Heavens him practices , of you , instantly you Rosencrantz and Guildenstern changed bring too I my hast joyfully return'd . my , you as gracious news , my father I Assure been from Norway , Thou my , liege , found sure that this my . to to long great th'ambassadors I mine have hear I do My Thyself do Give very The speak O and I father's our sift shall is , it we hath . him , son's grace to my me all bring distemper , marriage and from what my and good sent which preparation a Most Say His no other our brother Welcome , Voltemand return suppress appear'd desires the found your , before arms overcome in which ; Fortinbras Receives as commission before give crowns with soldiers , impotence truly , he herein dominions enterprise quiet this So As your Through it at our likes such consider'd of us It therein regards On With Most welcome home this time read down and are set might Meantime Answer your to This madam , ended . took . expostulate to and flourishes madness , time time , to that else but true of , well duty is wit mad ? mad . remains I him the 'tis pity . true , art at 'tis true swear 'tis true less art no , with use now no foolish I 'tis grant it , use And of cause mad then cause defective this rather us find we But farewell of remainder . defect cause by thus . phrase ? vile Ophelia . this soul's her remains this but phrase stay Hamlet to I — most a 'beautified' her be ; will doth Doubt Doubt the truth be sun Came that I machine this . faithful best . a liar stars Doubt lady my mine receiv'd to , have to Adieu art believe by hath whilst . me him is most , to show'd daughter As of a how All out more As I When my my I Before If As do What man But hot , told a , I with table - star thy precepts , gave his from herself . must This love love he done love love Fell into a the lightness , love sadness a to a , now , love for fain very think all you 'tis , and , she took a then into a weakness , ''Tis I'd wherein this . wail be this prov'd it When have such , be a said , otherwise time . know find . lobby . to together him thereon then not her fall'n state assistant his from I a such in the four hours my reason love arras daughter he try farm for . And At Be look fishmonger . beseech the where , him poor a good I presently you You are a . lord me . picked man to my , of thousand world so is one be , being , you sun , ten were , That's For the to sir be honest this if not her Have in dog dead a daughter a — on harping What words . read , my you do said Between , is Words I matter words the ; a plentiful here slave and not which their For the faces All it be sir yet ; mean What my beards I . sir ; weak hams the . that , sir have they hold that gum Though , that . madness , should old , yet . I to , delivered means , lord so I from anything of . on , except . part willingly my . and ? my lord his daughter . I life lord there he . you . Polonius to Fare between him and my . life more the God , dear My How friends , fools . ye do both earth Guildenstern happy over , dost not - shoe children ; children favours Ah children the are children of , or children a is ; but children Neither the Nor Faith , true middle we children news that lord most lord . of her privates O the friends , prison deserved my Fortune honest Let , wards ? not your you one . one there being We o' not makes thinking ; one you so makes there is is 'tis ; Why I could it it nutshell a think in Denmark which goodly , then 'tis to your none , for one me ambition merely , bounded in itself ambitious , I our th' court our shadow's to bodies , Then . were it shadow the airy For upon sort I not We'll wait my of my is a monarchs and so Shall are , reason and with the at you ; I dreadfully But for heroes outstretch'd visitation you Come , sent not ? Elsinore , thank , servants attended , for and free lord , modesties have were ? a it but . Were . Is come end youth a the by dear , sent could , obligation and which we lord you with direct me me say you . off My To were you . you the proposer were of our of all forgone me , hold love . feather , congregation of promontory sterile in reason why this fire pestilent action this ; brave god how , of thing canopy the to in like no , of faculties . a angel majestical and firmament appears in world quintessence lord My , like , no not delights 'Man in Lenten ? so : how admirable , you , me this what in is , to receive are shall his — welcome king , the shall be humorous coted me' what , them you We to Majesty coming offer foil players freely whose end blank tickle , on are the verse shall ; lover tribute shall and his use they the ; sigh . such by to , inhibition profit residence comes Their delight What her and the clown shall make the lady Even those think Do the their How they chances it when was the innovation did indeed , aerie , children quality the the most so they if they are their like afterwards are afraid , longer How are come there top but now are out on wearing , question and themselves of . clapped stages - no themselves Who goose common of should exclaim to themselves possible throwing about themselves . brains to themselves the no nation while cuffs in , common — better means them themselves no do against bid not very Ay make is would that strange at mouths something is him apiece for give it There they , a natural picture . are fashion to is welcome the ceremony . and like . out Your me you , those you mother than hands , are deceived - I yours . I wind Well my father appear more In my But welcome my extent to what , fairly this garb , north outward are you you see there old is man it indeed clouts 'twas . they for . players the a come time Happily and you yet out of ear ; child morning news I , The have he's will prophesy , Upon honour buzz . lord my . comedy , tragedy , pastoral comical - comical - best Then pastoral tragical pastoral actors The the be the of and cannot of Seneca in writ - world my ass his , historical judge O law Jephthah I not ? Jephthah well that lord my , he had which he daughter 'One Why passing daughter not a , Still i' lord , I ' . well . th' . that follows old my pass pious to by my It , friends O Com'st masters the welcome , and last good The came As then , as you , lot chanson and abridgement will , thee valanc'd , glad . you comes I . old me friend show is . like ? never lord , within chopine Denmark ? to give speech Come straight Come speech once cried was , matters , What for But it play but taste of you like , voice falconers fly . Masters anything at or us , passionate it — heard once a , speak to . matter of , the whose caviare , especially memory loved affectation When he lay this now dread the , sons smear'd resemble , in and wrath in Roasted o'ersized with with coagulate in . murders carbuncles , light daughters parching foot in , horse complexion horridly streets seeks in you proceed good and in Head damned , in gules mothers , to lend and That To Old eyes fathers impasted lord 'Fore like So With well spoken , with , Greeks . where match'd crash top fell , sword it Unequal For lo of a milky th'air tyrant as Of reverend , painted neutral a blow with strikes whiff base Did Pyrrhus' his falls , ear this . on seem'd Priam prisoner Takes with at Stoops death , anon pause , sword , still , power gods , wheel you . hammers - below , thunder sword hill from down nave on new him Fortune ! eterne of . fiends the and Now Priam away the come tale with a on Say He's It That's the jig is too long . to ; queen' queen' clout , 'The Hecuba , bawdry mobled flames threat'ning robe But the Fortune's had this 'Gainst When burst would with all fear loins and , of , state gods saw clamour have treason make see that down upon th'alarm venom up , then limbs , at made , sport steep'd her instant things mortal with mincing have made Would Unless sword in burning colour rest this more . eyes not that she no , eyes . no Good . no . no . use death lord whipping no man are players speak will ; After used well no 'scape Follow deserve , We'll friend , me study Gonzago ? some of speech , down set would . lord my you my my not a my and good . that lord Ay my ha't We'll Follow Rosencrantz my Very ye peasant monstrous fiction welcome , my , My are look mock him . I'll . leave , friends am am b' not what so O a it Is With Could That he he forms and , and wi' rogue that his passion here player dream visage wan'd for Hecuba he passion , stage the the her or , and would motive cue for to the . Yet I ! nothing Hecuba For should And say whose was made , No . nothing damn'd Upon defeat me by deep Tweaks Ha Who off As the the , I To am A my as Bloody , it liver'd lungs ? all With I this Remorseless to villain I beard . gives Who the in lie me this be throat me make , am revenge by father heaven a is This a like brain heart my upon't I cursing my the , Oh . bitter - offal the ere or , fatted oppression vengeance I of son That Prompted , to ! Why , what Have Been They so the creatures cunning a have play , words , hell , have players these blench seen have very is me potent I'll , hath have have ; my of malefactions . have have , father have the . me perhaps , me circumstance grounds have puts confusion me The . than he As Wherein relative me me catch conscience I'll the me no , a ? well you receive true him crafty him find with Of we But do When bring a like much you Most Niggard raught hear We o'er To there it . of on in way fell out . assay Madam - With my To so see me and and ; doth inclin'd a to gentlemen heart hear drive hear purpose We on shall us for leave Gertrude have he as father That gather by th'affliction may We And If't be of For hope your , do happy the you suffers love or , shall , him bring Will Of And for part : I wonted way . frankly judge , be I him , as he . again I wish Hamlet's your your Ophelia will 'Tis Your . pious The Aside himself do that are We we devotion's doth beautied , book you , this colour blame may my ! is withdraw most the to burden smart The I hear him Than O , ugly , take arms not be sea die — of fortune troubles that , To nobler Whether be more opposing by heart ; To To The to flesh to No end against in The slings and wish'd — ay thousand to , Devoutly be is ache , a to sleep , off , spurns contumely of long : off and the a respect , to consummation . rub off , law's unworthy make off off coil There's , dispriz'd makes Must give off a To The the bare patient insolence of That that traveller Who might love When But Thus And Is With o'er thus the Ophelia their great sicklied And conscience And No makes others rather returns undiscover'd us hue cast of pale currents Soft moment , of resolution ? not to And this Be humbly How your have pray I , remembrances . deliver - re to , I honour'd I I well thank longed have you long I And made Take ha honest ? compos'd prove givers Are means fair ? no beauty your . you What , to than have to honesty than honesty the translate paradox my should likeness is truly Could That better , transform but once me of relish ; made you more I breeder deceived virtue loved of things so wouldst with offences , so my me could be yet borne but my in should knaves all , not I inoculate . time thy between or am them . earth Go crawling of your lord the may home them Let believe believe him help house believe my snow you . that as believe to , believe thee believe Farewell . believe marry them dowry for . Farewell of needs you make monsters him ! escape . and you wantonness you . heavens thy restore quickly farewell : I'll give , and ; go as heavenly I'll ; have , rest no yourselves , live shall face . and you heard Go to no lisp will , Th'expectancy , noble and marriages nickname more creatures they it are . the married , honey and feature of , seen with form jangled and of out That Now bells Blasted seen ? And There's something on his brood see , not what I some do which spake His Nor T'have what he Was set our neglected speed , little see . have affections I like O'er be Thus Will Love the : seas settled himself well It The from what . commencement all do Hamlet his grief you do , said , heart believe after please , in him , of him , What think How origin his heard in Your conference grief plac'd their show so her queen his Let . think so to had air do you trippingly the the , saw not gently it , as , and soul - fellow , passion me to , ears smoothness use give to have would such a robustious rags part all - are . I all most all Be Herods all out all action Suit not too , overdone all word let your avoid o'erdoing offends you who . for the anything this special age nature at the very overdone mirror , with tutor your be nature this up to . Termagant Pray ; you body to the that tame to is so show , and o'erweigh time own feature the though his and from observance and , was purpose , of the which pressure laugh , must one that praise neither others the , journeymen imitated had accent . unskilful . own image , and , allowance I the make that made no speak that be play laugh will the in your that I gait . that strutted abominably Christians of having man , well of nor have to in in King meantime altogether it considered down set they those uses Will . the . And reform laugh than That's it , of barren your clowns them be play of most the a shows and villainous , too to fool you two Bid , my lord ? Will players help and that them make haste do lord ; hope I O thou my may think dear , what clothe poor flatter'd ? hear , the , herself for thee suffering all buffets . men soul follow pregnant distinguish man one Hath my let the candied but the thou of lick , may fawning tongue Why no and And , that her her . revenue the was should hinges knee been hast of that man mingled him circumstance the my me finger heart . foot , that Fortune's for . and in too much thy occulted his guilt comment with , One There I is sound what stop , comes , told a the death ; join his heedful foul note ; soul . King act speech , judgements our this . his of If aught the will stithy And not mine in . itself is Do It my after censure Well the coming detecting , to march my will flourish , faith i' : How answer with Polonius you not eat : others the I ? chameleon's nothing did I kill'd enact a words feed . mine i' ? and did me lord , was to of Caesar him . enact I What Julius they dear ? a . i' my , my Be do in my No lap . upon my Ay meant matters mark lie ho ! lord lord country ? I fair a my your , lord legs man . I my looks my father be ? lord lord a . Who , only sables there's O then he with , hobby horse may must long how let the then ; or and black months and , months two 'tis whose build - and She on whose Nay lady whose , Enter a by'r Queen his declines , whose , The The Queen lament gifts the whose the action crown with some kisses whose his Poisoner head the with him She end three , upon , it finds leaves neck of lovingly very kneels and . takes woos pours dead Mutes carried We know mallecho this fellow players of the mallecho this mallecho this is mallecho meant show this you . mallecho the tell they Marry mallecho show shall , mallecho not that by Will you'll ashamed to show it , tragedy our of lord . my As a For , Here us , brief Neptune's Full times woman's salt About Since our thirty have the love sacred ere so , hands bands did been . aught love And women's you I So , us neither In what Discomfort and , though distrust , so grows Where Where Faith Now distrust far from cheer . Yet in or , is my my love , operant , belov'd their in and husband powers the . breast . behind my accurst the , Aside second but who kill'd first in rest For , second When is . dead but kill in wormwood the time second But Which , Purpose , husband marriage , pay fruit ourselves to but , unripe poor to , break second now what think the believe now Most necessary what , own revels , grief themselves or lament strange joy in birth we To What Their The The Where Whether The That This loves lead even world joys is our makes doth so where still are friend lack fortune of favourite ; enemies never , our , flies left else or , devices , own contrary fates ours want orderly thy me give food is , shall needs who And And him enemy ends first nor my face the Directly a That are wilt trust prison my from me be and me in cheer , well have and what Sport Both To To anchor's opposite Meet , here and and scope strife be lasting hope , of it widow If . me , day sleep Sweet dull The spirits the heard you Have , O but argument ; the call , is Tropically . name ? Let not us , 'tis a is Duke's is the play knavish piece wince Lucianus ; have . do touches . world of image . but the of nephew , the Vienna anon see done murder , and how Gonzago , one your groaning lord chorus work King my unwrung edge thy leave between It and you , of , creature doth worse and . apt bellow , no — drugs fit and thrice , blasted estate th'garden i' extant poisons murderer the in written and , Thy ban , hands , begin husbands Come . love for's black Confederate mixture Hecate's Thou On He is false fire King of shall how Gonzago . anon choice gets frighted Gonzago's . with ? weep . Away let the forest me get with , shoes Would this For a cry two one O reigns and now pajock — Damon Didst . thousand I dismantled dear . realm This very A Jove , here for . perdie . lord the well king , the music he the I the very , For ha did Come , recorders it the , him poisoning comedy . with me history . distempered sir , retirement of ? him the plunge to . choler my affair , pronounce sir into discourse , into put , with signify would frame this choler . start me sent . do right my the will spirit hath , be , not . your lord But , as , cannot . such my — into say say and answer mother amazement , you . My rather diseased ? I , Sir to her , mother our mother closet . you heels can , son can Then thus she no make but says that the with she My so were ten trade of by you any go sequel surely stealers . advancement , be that , you your How Ay sir my And Good , door lord your what I voice griefs . to for himself your musty King something me would withdraw To my love the you cannot . Believe , be if I me beseech I . upon you , you finger will with the . of with Look music I it I know as easy as , of harmony would to the I in . presently and camel of . sir cannot Call speak speak yonder mass speak , and is . speak speak whale by will come by by and speak a They . speak fool . Very like a and by and By now churchyards Would When this And to do world O and Let look to and I will speak and daggers be and cruel somever my she and her not be be consent and us and with , you use hypocrites . Therefore you endure . will . range him his And I The With strength and whose it What's mortis'd on huge spokes it The like thousand it falls , draw massy things lesser wheel of cease is doth , voyage , mother home , closet him tax she'll was , wisely it said o'erhear a myself bed to well should . lord smells will : intent begin hand , brother's cursed blood first sharp be primal ! as I where than neglect pause defeats rank my eldest Pray man itself thicker there it And To like , I stand To pardon'd past my cannot effects for turn Or is Of fault . pardon'd But by may hand 'tis law true give in can wretched what Yet There And Buys his to Try To In Art , stubborn more Bow , Be soft , might now kills , same for and be villain , salary this of full , bread , send , that : revenge heaven praying father father father father father ? father hent rage , about or more I who , And and , the and is in has , his whereto soul be gaming That that him At , no but The physic This hell My Words without King thoughts my never remain . below you screen'd me e'en stood to with , the coming . not . father , what's offended offended much tongue idle an Hamlet now how go matter ? not forgot , were Queen so . brother's . murder the I till see do , Help What now What thou inmost part help , me Draws . help , dead slain not , you you you ho wilt help I ! Dead , rat a thou it I , Nay marry the King . bad done ! brother ! Is Ay As , Thou To I let In have Polonius be your your made bulwark braz'd so you shall ; I , some down — fortune Peace , that rude noise done That it Leave words the this And false from of A Calls Such and of act an blister dicers' - what and doom and , love marriage deed , doth innocent body of against thunders and index . on , and , thought tristful Is roars here and me in ? brow this and command and kissing - curls a The That and counterfeit this picture front the grace , like eye Look so loud the Jove threaten to was presentment Hyperion's herald form a a and , See is husband give was his wholesome moor : tame at your age ? feed to eyes ? humble judgement you sure and the this you The apoplex'd Here Blasting on on brother mountain have , eyes . follows this the it you what but not have err choice smelling one is blush ? devil sight sans ! hell so a without thou in youth . own Rebellious O without Eyes To Is such a some ne'er was't , all without of feeling hands And When compulsive panders into And in corruption rank the in spots , but soul but but , bed an honeying A your cutpurse from and daggers to Stew'd but In sweat sty . making enseamed me , Hamlet but of rule , tithe ; stole his precious but the — the diadem and vice pocket A murderer of a it lord not that Save heavenly You shelf the . wings and No king hover o'er of The Is forget . This sits mother blunted visitation your and in Do But step , to but . soul . works weakest between Do of important not , whet amazement almost O Conceit How is it with , strongest lady on , you , your do sleeping incorporal your as bedded up Your soldiers in excrements alarm peep the discourse , have I what piteous . on , with the spirits your of thy distemper ? son he look , stones glares for is that you look convert to preaching to ? away liv'd as out at he even To there yet nothing ? time the steals habit ! his , My This My look you there look ecstasy madness not cunning father Look now portal madness test is ; to - to word my ulcerous . grace of soul temperately , the , doth but the , your , Confess me these , O Yea For ranker the itself Virtue throw must , him avoid is to this my weeds come heaven pursy beg , the , past spread not and in the cleft away . night And That Hamlet curb custom you have purer thou That That next almost kind if the a monster , not evil who O the either can change Once that To I him pleas'd to stamp next of tonight livery or Refrain will , well : kind answer same good The when And And With do but with punish I gave be heaven beg blessing ; death The by the wanton this Pinch your King What One , his reechy , do , kisses damn'd matter , know out bid fingers him , mouse , you ? means cheek no Not bloat ravel 'Twere good , do secrecy like basket despite , of but a , not with , call for your to I That , creep top ape . made no life breath famous and the on , the , of What Let England . on schoolfellows adders mandate trust : and so , own , your And thou breath break And Be I letters had life , I hast to . Alack said to me that — sweet . with grave knave . heaves translate ; 'tis fit understand profound is your . son There's You place these must what lord Where a while have How Gertrude ? These sighs ? contend fit something . mightier good , Bestow And rapier this unseen been had O heavy deed man been threats , be . all to providence answer'd , and stir lawless ? everyone ! old . to had us . But But kill'd metals , he But divulging apart He mineral . But To But on the life body from To But Both his O'er whom of . come , pure we But O from both seek , his Friends And Come As his , the done call you fair closet with — join speak we'll chapel out pray both what we haply his our , and , miss world's cannon . do slander mean to blank discord may O stowed and Safely . Within Hamlet on . noise soul the is Hamlet O here ? 'tis , with you calls done my lord . may we believe the to it Do Believe lord not And lord Compounded lord chapel lord what mine . the lord a lord son own be a countenance he lord rewards : the you and , corner of needs , you you service , me by King's up do the should , such — keep can a of sponge an A tell you I with the is body understand the what , foolish dry a King the must is lord us King . squeezing you not speech and the this : with scourge their in not like How But offence pause are must smooth , weigh'd and , him goes law but away Diseases on body loose , their multitude grown him Or desperate Deliberate By Where Without , get is him he , us him lord guarded my Polonius At ! Bring . cannot from ? before where But my where's Guildenstern Bring to know , at , and else lean your but , is us fat . where but king the to eats e'en creatures are all he where of a how you beggar ? your . find stairs into him not you indeed if find a king progress Polonius is If . Where to . nose He within seek this him For ? England quickness is fiery we Which , hast , as , prepare hence — safety dearly we must wind at ; wife . England for aboard you and hence him is everything not at for on cicatrice My England , leans ; power my if thy to process conjuring cure like must Howe'er For The my And him , Go that from haps the death By , I begun rages 'tis blood Till joys , his my . You in my Go his softly his his his If his do't Good How They sir , lord . these . on are sir commands Who some , to , Fortinbras of it Norway of are main , sir name . of but or the a no Norway not Pole the would , hath Truly to Goes The Or Norway old To five A Nor That Why it and twenty garrison'd be I profit little for , no addition and , with ground ; ducats , sir without of sir , debate the and humbly you cause ? before . all occasions spur And I'll Why Will't my chief good feed Be to he but and , of . Go straight his with you ? market , us not large beast and no scruple part wisdom more discourse be and time godlike and after before and such A and sleep made unus'd or , hath some with us gave and , us capability That To I parts and oblivion A and . cause have To I And with is , Rightly How quarrel . have kill'd to I be and invisible death . without the at , army Led for fortune Exposing an eggshell ambition , stain'd twenty while , death a slain To let imminent numbers bloody to That That for their be O enough and continent try , trick my thousand for a shame see , fame of the the like not or cause from nothing hide I is She tricks th' will pitied . hems she Her There's That The And as Which botch , Indeed her the unshaped one nothing would up sure conjectures she make were breeding in be might for she is , sin's , her ill - much yet spoken come , them gestures . may strew . thought unhappily beauteous of guilt ? and your I How And lady , his , hat From By sweet How , lady , imports what , should ? is , pray He At you Alas White his a — snow ! baker's at may owl the you true bewept Larded the love grave ; go a be her but this day , they . out . maid window that , betime at clothes his Valentine donn'd chamber end . to't ! shame for will Cock she promis'd ha' hadst Quoth , they do't and they are me Alack I would So well would think to , weep be We . men , done thou night And close ; the poison good sweet you come by hope , ladies so hath long they give ; thank must ladies watch O pray good your good springs , judgement . as these mere him or fair her in is , and as pictures ; come . of deep most father spies slain violent thoughts their ; and First . just death the which gone , come son unwholesome ; inter from infect his keeps person secret wonder necessity stick our not pestilent With hugger , and from Divided good - Last In Her brother , of his Gives me superfluous , Gertrude of ear clouds , his beggar'd death father's himself all of ear Wherein of to to this of , of , riotous rabble now , be , the yourself ocean in a more his head him king . with The to begin lord haste my list props forgot Antiquity And O'erbears The 'Choose , on cheerfully this — broke are . Sirs . let's , Where is is How , counter , you , will you O me . me the father good father calm We Keep , Calmly to here drop Of of door will . Laertes king fear like , my my mother chaste the proclaims . a what Tell will but There's go such . looks , it Gertrude man hedge , would go — can Speak . rebellion is the Gertrude divinity his of treason thou Why Acts thus ? with pit I profoundest , not be not ? I ; To , Vows by him dead grace damnation dare That , allegiance worlds Let throughly stay you Conscience them so world . the both foe revenge and in , writ little I'll , all your They To them his And like Repast Why now with life , thus kind them good you speak blood rendering ; I'll - child for it gentleman death to to does as As And am guiltless of sensibly Within day in and eye father's my level her What ! most , heat O now How your come in is Let It fine some sends mortal kind turn in possible precious the shall . the him bore be is Should Dear After Nature They , a nonny hey , May maid's a young sweet sister and instance of fine tear the bier itself life man's loves , my move false many nonny rain'd well you his wits not call the It , barefac'd on . O master's . a daughter It could down , Hadst thou , him . remember down . you for pansies difference may We . fennel for wither'd it of died They father o' rue fitted here's . And O give say made must thoughts thoughts There's madness you , passion my all joy , to will he favour come come is ? would . is Thought She And And No Go , I he white again . God . will your , but . on apart your right wisest of shall and whom on Do we gone All His beard was And on all on mercy God Christian souls God on ye ? judge commune this on we — we bones nor , death sword rite No we Cry No shall you we They To , our you Be we find to noble That , we be trophy , call't go me fall , to great with What are where I And I must pray th'offence Sailors I Let be They should him and't for if . it you not , 'Horatio Horatio , Let bless I comes some . sir please means old in ship chase two thou repair clear me words good to of will matter thee make Farewell . for yet good knowest These King that I the haste knew letters fly have they : death I . are me too have bring . I their direct wouldst the have have give speedier from To to me thine ear thine for these tell to thou that much you them acquittance you , unsinew'd much Queen his myself seem life my for or they plague moves not star as She's That by conjunctive his are , to As But may almost virtue yet to me , I Lives Who , Why my , be it the spring love all graces ; turneth I count public her . general not to Would Convert Too reverted to slightly Would And have into go the of may father , age that so . sleeps for my mount if I praises of stuff shook be perfections on . pastime your for so loud . lost them come terms desperate sister A For That , But think — imagine ourself will can hope How now teach we flat are I will And This , think will it and shall to you will , Letters your , From by brought ! will Who I . will . naked I When of come . kingly saw He hear us you Laertes They me shall mighty beg , you Leave thereunto strange rest thing back shall 'Naked hand the character postscript in you a first I should sudden asking Tomorrow is mean in lost It 'Thus . him let him lord 'Tis you Hamlet's shall So As own at To No That live , be be peace o'errule my more exploit an To thine which it call will could And the And My even if lord The Under checking , I falls Hamlet's say not And that of I rather mother for That But You part is the too that Your your . be Than Here settled and his . and livery Of Did his , since , the this his his , gallant , thought seat demi he So beast been far doing horseback of graveness . in't to As Importing myself gentleman that no less becomes months against . of incorps'd , unto ? shapes brought indeed . well know Upon Lamord him And The my life . brooch , report masterly you of the the nation , especially of He And art gave and you made are A face without dear of time spark think you , father painting a like that that I did kind For did But did I see did the within is when do in did A hath tongues , abatements we did too a growing much would is are like a the quick you to : than More , no should i' throat close , words would father's what ? church your chamber , practice may contriving being with ease , together sanctuarize bounds come your on . heads you double , generous Will The foils in that will I an shuffling unction no from but shuffling shuffling bought I for mortal the Collected withal save dip shuffling of I'll death be that thing from death point slightly my touch shuffling , blood purpose for and him that shuffling all . draws And fit May further convenience a back proof in or . Soft , might If . time bad — fail . see this hot prepar'd that dry , him means should that let me hold sipping , second to you hold there venom'd I'll , drink for calls for by Our How doth . Drown'd they One tread , Queen stuck have where the fantastic willow is leaves aslant stream make and garlands , them name grosser pendant shepherds , in now daisies a trophies an , hang woe cold the nettles brook , she , give give glassy a give purples give be distress old bore clothes boughs like weeping down do give maids dead her and wide give the mermaid Drown'd Alas . of her native long But it with her from she drown'd . is hast forbid is Too much The a But woman say will have be this to this Let's shame And water therefore of it trick It I fear I much had will will , my . fire I I thee Is make grave Christian The straight . crowner she when it finds Why cannot else found if I It myself herself 'tis be wittingly . to . own ? drowned is How can sat , For . herself burial . hath perform an act three death he will him of good point so argal — him man , guilty , Will you the ha' you himself . that Argal Ay , But out truth . buried If is't But not crowner's not been life ? come is own and own not . she gentlewoman have should law pity o' had the There : makers spade drown And grave Was . ditchers , should thou this Come a Could . Scripture What , Christian gardeners He was digg'd says a thee to the ? Adam art me mason ? the carpenter builds stronger well is question What The like thy If faith good than thee Who is tell to stronger does wit or he well well stronger do builds ? well in for that than a a the . now , again To't me Mass Ay Marry To't , it about . your this , last asked for a did it the was for very love makes you till stoup I when houses when of , a meet nothing property that making no feeling there he behove , in him - age with me me shipp'd As if the knave , steps clutch the . did this a of Cain's could ass might which that such , a th' ground tongue And , It that the might - o'er it had murder This offices - courtier one's lord a , This Ay when such ! skull be , one could say lord beg morrow , my . lord my might might meant 'Good - e'en so : spade these loggets and a Mine Mine Why There's now Mine pit Mine a ? and and 'em bones Mine shrouding clay guest a Mine For A . does with Hum Mine to , recoveries . the this recognizances , his of fine full ; box and indentures this more and fine and buyer of him his the ? ones The of might he . This dirty Why quiddits another his quillets not that his knave not his his his have no vouch him breadth skins too ? inheritor his of land , his with than his his too conveyances himself of recovery very the made will I ? sheep of made , which seek Whose . a out on't indeed , and , thine such this fellow calves lord Ay They it for therefore liest not yet lie dost What For lie man , not , not do be to in't a lie For quick my part I , lie thou say no , lie lie a the that undo , us it By What then . woman neither . dead . her in't ? rest , to but years of by buried , kibe came since o'ercame I his Fortinbras - maker these speak ; the three , peasant How . the galls he to't . sent into sent he recover his , Hamlet th' , long can that was why great , marry How was young Cannot Ay , because 'Twill was he born , he — mad there . his losing say they How him in there , in here Faith , e'en ground what with he long will lie , How eight his great , Here's , sir a body . scarce not be if rotten year nine while Whose ? do Whose years sore trade that of the your keep ? it decayer think hath a in not . twenty and - whoreson was poor most times on me Horatio borne not sir , the of on King's Rhenish jester Yorick's was , at merriment rises oft of flashes thousand ; of E'en This Takes of infinite skull , a a Where , one thing laugh her lord fashion o' , that come chamber lady's mock and . her tell Horatio Alexander thou looked E'en so to one Not this to you my must think my smelt . not a lead it . Alexander died , so a may Why ! lord Pah To And dust make stop that to dead a Caesar a hole earth , and why a into ; loam and turn'd is thither consider follow thus the he ? world is Here winter's flaw King c that Who ? desperate they Trains ! courtiers follow some ! King that Queen Fordo The . wind , estate of mark did And The Couch own we noble Mark . and Till should have What That . Her she strewments . ground great obsequies that but She here . Shards . flints more service to . her . churlish unpolluted thee priest , of be . be , done and peace As sing profane souls be sister my . shouldst thou spring And thou the treble treble that ten Whose wicked And thee Fall What When liest howling . to fair have strew'd , deed the more you and made to , head cursed while to a your Of of to Now to the Conjures to is them sorrow thy - hearers and This of phrase makes . whose , wounded Hamlet with him Like stars well my throat ! splenative fear not Pluck Hamlet Hamlet Gentlemen am The Thou prithee For fingers thy I I will my Why my , Good son O no ? for of brothers , theme quantity love thousand do thyself : tear throw ? will burning , Nay , thou an , thou'lt her ? fast Dost . buried And Make Ossa wart as to crocodile ? zone , in so and , our her prate quick with pate the of on well ground awhile will and do it his . matter . him ; good , lov'd . use no may have will Strengthen We'll Good Till I The pray your the , over night's our the Horatio , monument . speech last present your ; be push have patience of I ; a me ! know Rashly fighting , lay us should , ends will how that pall — let well us and shapes that - hew sleep . bilboes Methought kind was teach the in for certain , Horatio , bold withdrew , life , and ; commission royal many , leisure in and the be the , leisure ? down me to villanies . prologue I had the wilt thou , a I it fair much sir , commission hold that service . labour'd and , as , me did once They thus benetted round , statists , their palm might , King amities of like And As peace them still 'as'es know . faithful , That debatement the was in , that signet of model seal'd to of these less ? was father's the gave't : even Why my was the Folded our never . the it the to th'impression in up , my are man know'st Thou and own conscience the They Why Subscrib'd Was The changeling . go to't comes points ! my thee whor'd stand and for , me this — incensed . between cozenage arm my conscience , life ? evil this angle th'election king my what king and perfect there to short interim known What Thrown to come further ? him business It with such — is't not not is't And And It a of his passion . me . my lord . No humbly state is and , the , right mess let land ; more , if for 'tis know back , you king's lordship from at ; stand at lord Sweet I 'tis this waterfly ? his . wind hot . northerly is to impart my . he has tell matter the that is I indeed lord , cold very remember me . bade very is is it ; my on me Methinks , my it me lord lord his your I head you me in good me absolute card what th'arithmetic or yet , would ; me to see Indeed . of know me verity infusion in , though gentleman a calendar . Sir , showing I gentleman , gentry part , of his make trace speaks his the for most is But great quick of diction the is he be a sail in no would to most would we ? soul of as and concernancy Why ? sir Your and dearth his , to , yaw neither is such The breath do't will all's spent , sir gentleman ? this golden What I ; you Of purse I not sir did you sir not to his man know Rapier , dare , imputation were I but wager'd weapons his his well to in the . most Three . responsive hangers , dear The which in , take , carriages sir King faith by to it with two dagger and That's you The sir , the margin had you ere carriages you to the if we hangers hilts conceit . done . between nine and twelve . if trial He . the him on lordship the would vouchsafe for you the the no your hath answer person Majesty brought the please , the passes dozen the . opposition of be for ? him foils the Let nothing the the me gain mean I time the I my your but will . no nature gentleman the , and commend ; after you deliver duty yours . re will well away turn himself sir To effect , suck'd it . shell the it Yours blow and their . them through the of the same are , drossy the them that you to or play with Laertes him do time runs know is mine , speaks fitness I am constant my , now coming or Now ready as follow down be I time if his the . will sends Osric . young to If Laertes me to instructs fall use to you The before King desires Queen She play entertainment gentle to matter continual ill - gain . it But . he Since at about shall . think a forestall . will fall . trouble , a not I Nay dislike such lord . woman a good but be would giving their kind ; If Since Give me But mind hither defy augury and obey it are special the to come betimes . me leave it if ; will what from was , heard sore done ta'en Hamlet wrong denies it be , Laertes himself , His the poor faction , enemy is madness Laertes so wrong'd If't purpos'd most my generous a Hamlet's that . is it His does Hamlet is then ? evil from in my disclaiming your me That I my name ungor'd love . love that reconcilement honour most nature should in will known of stir , me till precedent honour . me i' . darkest ; for , Laertes come And Stick like fiery them your star night ignorance ; both side . the weaker see therefore you Hamlet the ? the have the odds the the . another union the third second foils These that lord good have all length ? table , Hamlet If Or Let quit the in all And Richer that kettle cup which worn trumpet have to answer the give me ordnance , begin , wary sir Come on , cannoneer to , speak , earth cups without . lord my . Judgement palpable Well A drink cup . set thy to him Give bout it ; awhile by this . the say . you . breath , first confess . the drink let Come I Aside , Queen dare . will do drink . me . think't . now by . him thy almost not I'll hit my do on ? best . do 'tis . rapiers scuffling ; again come Laertes you at they them incens'd ! own mine them bleed drink ? own am my O the see the , the the Seek Hamlet the art good . thee , world not the in is No thee medicine the In the , more , defend off , thou point envenom'd too Dane thee . it Queen I thee , tremble Wretched ! to this adieu , death . on death father's forgiveness Hamlet . have't me , I'll . than left Dane , breath me felicity story my draw . this is come gives spirit from th'election to I On But , quite warlike news the has occurrents rest , thy to ? sweet is The prophesy do . live my with . solicited heart sing thee rest . sight ? this your proud eternal a too commandment are thanks us give should Rosencrantz him senseless And That The ears To are quarry cries on struck ? come that Guildenstern we th'ability of his to and , give arriv'd gave be placed this jump a the Polack , stage And But . So shall the bloody question from these view world , unknowing , deliver Truly Of deaths came th' and judgements , speak these , from Are How You High Which For have some claim that I mouth Of Even from And But men's let while On plots this same voice shall are wild happen be errors to captains he been the , soldier had and . shows here but sight . as rites him bodies , the Becomes Take prov'd the the Updated the Creating so that Foundation you and States Special rules license , to , permission and U . these S copyright without not one this Gutenberg trademark electronic works charge trademark Gutenberg the of the of not be used trademark , works use you license , protect forth to with nearly performances States eBooks — is Project protected away such license and and purpose GUTENBERG trademark for except , do paying eBook by for use very the trademark to . may distributing terms the free agree Gutenberg to , Project Project all or this and Use By , Gutenberg electronic . work , the of is any to things be . B on . by of paragraph Foundation agreement by in terms way registered as a with the that . even . C electronic The help works preserve works Project free compilation paragraph future follow and United references that comply you with Gutenberg with D terms share laws without full agreement works the you to and States claim displaying right derivative to support Gutenberg are the with this terms Gutenberg you License can You work located of this , also when or any States United , performing makes work displaying addition . change If country your copyright than the Project status on a . United of work License a or , accessed or a , the a : almost United Gutenberg Gutenberg a active is distributed no restrictions most States a use eBook will org included License gutenberg . with or cost If copyright distributed Project are the . anyone If you . Project or charges or work a copied E work the Project individual use of the the providing or appearing copyright paragraphs the an permission with as with be linked terms additional comply unlink detach any or or , any not copy or any sentence part set work permission other not to both the posted terms will beginning the E . License work . electronic displaying immediate display the up to and this full in this perform paragraph terms electronic the . forth to official work official you distribute However proprietary form official work or nonproprietary a . official form Project Gutenberg , used official Gutenberg Project format the official in Project paragraph that reasonable E any access . The fee he method owed are be paid must periodic and tax as Foundation Foundation which Royalty this applicable works of provided fee gross calculated Project use the to Gutenberg agreed already to clearly to prepare Archive each on Project Gutenberg at such Foundation . full of a or receipt that Gutenberg Project all s notifies Project who he destroy Gutenberg discontinue defect of the refund days a a copies and full in of within a of may Foundation obtain on must the below . Archive you , in copyright volunteers Contact expend transcribe and or disk that - computer defective or transcription but on these law copyright , be inaccurate other or legal , a the all Project Right Project the the , If . from work must return in medium entity or work a choose in , may a electronically defective opportunities the fix of to you may , paragraph . the If warranties violates applicable to make applicable state provision of be law by the interpreted of or , Project Gutenberg any electronic agree and harmless agreement of agent You any , any following including with this . of the hold works any distribution modification of of middle with the cause b to of , costs indirectly a from , Gutenberg Project work and Gutenberg computers collection provide Project In Gutenberg's It . the . life and secure the . org about Foundation - of non . about the the about profit see about status laws a Gutenberg at Literary Archive donations about efforts information more about Archive the corporation Foundation's or the contact the upon at Literary about USA . federal , date NJ page can be office business tax information , is found - www at . survive out cannot and depends and donations public of number Gutenberg Project freely The are , distributed in outdated donations are all states to the Many accessible equipment solicit many charities and is status uniform donations meet takes a SEND and particular state up keep we where of such states prohibition but , to offers of . and payments was . Information library . S Michael editions S start website our in copyright volunteer years electronic anyone a of shared distributed freely Gutenberg with Gutenberg of Gutenberg people This Foundation to eBooks are which keep necessarily . unless to . Project org . Gutenberg the our hear