? Stand unfold King the there ! Barnardo live Long You now them stirring , guard a sick heart mouse am I you Well meet Horatio Marcellus . and ho ! Stand to to , night has , Barnardo , Touching That may let He Tush That are What we us And so us two Well And When yond let have speak sit , hear course his same Had Peace the break made now then burns bell , beating thee Thou art a scholar me would the with fear wonder , night ! believe ? true eyes own sensible Of this the King ; on : dead ice . watch thought he and , 'Tis work , state he most knows , my I our not land the me eruption down some the martial twice , Why sit in But In stalk to subject cast the sweaty ? can toward of for of whose with me week ; cannon watch our , you even by now can on know image Whose law Our last Norway esteem'd , valiant our ; our which world heraldry a known by him King . so goes appear'd by of , Fortinbras and resolutes some lands , there young , Norway of a list of ; lawless us , And this - post of those preparations rummage in : land . the I our that watch sort no and our of think Well The Of the this haste but watch , other this so wars mind's the state and trouble and tenantless gibber fire the the Roman sheeted star streets fell eye . of these like portentous question our is it little squeak As even the precurse still the . demonstrated comes , fates fierce omen preceding influence the harbingers almost sun whose Upon sick in to prologue like doomsday earth blast climatures and , or . to me good to Speak do any Which Or Extorted they If may treasure , Stop strike speak walk earth life death in , with my partisan ! and it will ! here ! crew cock guilty I shrill trumpet . like to have . thing at his air , warning or hies truth singeth 'gainst is birth so nor , dawning they . and confine on faded This his The , Hamlet in , pray and , consent Unto Let our o'er This Let's Where , spirit Do The Though Laertes and one contracted our so we That be far Th'imperial With in Have we mirth , wisdoms ; have with delight we herein gone , marriage dropping dirge in dole and have which nor For supposal that along weighing , know of our disjoint of those lands message , frame advantage of meeting here , him Fortinbras we of have time young , to the are proportions purpose ; and that scarcely made than power allow we will , and VOLTEMAND CORNELIUS dilated articles the you of things with Of to these let all and , We Farewell ; and In that it reason . what's suit What thou voice not head shall The lose your The Yet My From leave whence must and I show wishes my your confess To Your What bow thoughts them you And Aside . A it is How so my , lord And know'st Not like like like Do thine nighted father thy like cast for ever thy friend off Denmark . common is like it , so customary Nor like windy suits my Nay like it particular be it Nor the nor alone like solemn visage the shows of moods . show ; grief , eye , black of , man woe and within me truly the nature , father , survivor a . bound , Hamlet father term ; to and father to your These suits the But for his lost obsequious will unfortified of passeth grief heaven to and mind . understanding must simple a incorrect is mourning duties , 'Tis , remain , love bears For . father , in which with the , unprevailing And , father of Than Do In are a , You , impart , going is It in chiefest the courtier stay Be Sits , But Re the And rouse jocund to my health the earthly King's great to heaven itself too that , too - Everlasting O and an unweeded in much , nay not That seed merely it Seem on't , to Fie ! to two Possess Hyperion So canon How But dead to he Must Visit , By me what Let , God With , Would My , Niobe , month on't thy name even — post to eyes month , tears a most to incestuous come to sheets , must hold , my And , Hail to to do well from make my to in , sir Wittenberg . Good . good My I'll what not of your your say even you lord . truant , so in you ear depart ere to affair no came to We'll I My lord prithee , was it follow'd hard wedding . Elsinore funeral your I truster know are - meats tables met ? methinks my , I that — I thrift , my ever , I coldly Did Or My I him He once , look saw him yesternight goodly in again . king . deliver a . King Who Saw , lord till these may you to let of their night father your the watch , them - he eyes they - fear length : march distill'd walk'd , solemn , did . thrice surprised whilst ; and exactly and , had figure like middle , stately point waste and dead Been his their slow Appears before oppress'd truncheon's dreadful Where But , lord These the speak to it ? we you of , Form The apparition the thing upon lord made up it , the morning head it watch where yet , 'tis duty ; speak crew it vanish'd sound then do I did , at the it , this it true strange , very 'Tis live my writ lord honour'd you we From from head anger . Longer longer . BARNARDO and moderate tell . saw't beard when , no his in seen , A grizzled . tonight ; it . silver'd will I it the Let I'll I will Upon in in in . and no silence this . else your in Your some father's then sit in still my in the o'erwhelm : play I'll loves understanding in in as , would them embark'd the , is winds . give . not , foul necessaries My convoy sister of that from , deeds earth as And Forward perfume it Hold permanent and you , And violet Hamlet For bulk ; nor cautel . now And virtue , of Perhaps ; his The The of not himself and his for as subject as grow temple you besmirch Unto wisdom must health on you must own , choice be and is sustain . songs treasure dear affection . desire enough . or or or sister her the be danger or of or or strokes calumnious beauty their or Out it Fear or Contagious , though lies in fear . my to do heaven treads ; libertine leave grace , second Laertes smiles ? is wind Occasion you are And Yet Nor these character thou long , here And The the . There shoulder , thoughts thy memory no in precepts thy his means hoops and with soul not man's every But Take The thine thine , humbly do you invites Farewell thine thine thine lock'd thine . thine , thine to , I key of it the to Hamlet Lord said hath : you late yourself . time me you is't touching well you he you bethought something very ; free you me and you 'tis so your the caution you ? affection You such , them call ? you tenders as green . made . tenders truth up girl you a understand my behoves do of me you many I speak for these yourself . should a speak Marry Running are Or speak — it speak lord speak speak , it importun'd he call honourable to speak me tenders ; lord speak baby think what ta'en yourself wind Tender sterling — you'll true pay , dearly poor with the more fool love me . of , go you My all holy his lord . I vows do know , a From rate extinct it for to parley Set command of as these how prodigal blazes , presence Lord ; heaven soul daughter both is . maiden - your take more Do may a Not But believe . In he he walk Ophelia , is , all this beguile pious Lord leisure ; Hamlet ways your come forth ; with plain so shall ; my give I ; As Look ; The ; would Have talk any you charge or you lord shrewdly It I air is twelve lacks hour a an it very cold . and What King Keeps wassail The And as kettle - the this drains draughts his What his ? a The he drum trumpet and the Wherein spirit held his wont , takes swinish phrase , height them with nations at particular nature men it indeed , marrow vicious mole attribute . are in they wherein o'ergrowth birth their Since some say , livery , else , the plausive that too ; men — o'erleavens one star stamp Fortune's ; be the they man infinite As in . The of own his the particular of substance of To lord of health or goblin defend grace of or heaven wicked such a of . in , bones ; thee hearsed of but , jaws of may of and of beyond So That thou Revisit'st night Hath Wherein Have King , father canoniz'd not their Why saw up thee thus the to the beckons As Look will It I It Being do Why for it beetles That , And soul life should what can the toward . at a pin's fee that the , it ? follow of waves What to if very you might And That looks more The go . my , your body this in out . not off hands Hold rul'd Nemean — call'd I waxes ! I'll , thee lets gentlemen ? this imagination with obey of come will it . Denmark direct to fit He not rotten in Nay me thou ? Speak , I'll . will almost come flames tormenting , myself . hearing hear to unfold I what To revenge the night of that But . done to in term prison from of days , spirit their part , spheres list — love , end . Murder most and foul his thou each thy two to must combined stand on be porpentine dear didst flesh If blood and ever father murder ! swift , as love . thee to , know't The his a Wouldst A Mine , gifts have , lust — the queen there beast power . with and ; gifts of off soul that , gifts falling dignity was love in in her wretch mine went , it . lewdness , though itself in , it Will lust court a the radiant shape angel celestial within orchard link'd . And be My Brief juice let With leperous an swift such enmity and of hour secure And Holds Most The it it droppings . blood eager a wholesome like my smooth vile and loathsome : sin my to at unanel'd , account once a with sleeping All like , most , off No reckoning horrible , made ! not couch A If , prick - to thee matin uneffectual 'gins And , and mother thorns her worm adieu his the . adieu The glow mind howsoever pursu'st pale . leave thy to bosom her this act nor let lodge near . me at heaven , once be ! to ! earth O ! heaven my me poor thou ! up while away distracted trivial , all , Remember of there live heaven , shall brain ! That volume ! pernicious commandment all forms thy ! Ay ! am book all , table memory holds seat all memory records past , all villain all pressures all all ! down it set smiling and most is I all it villain matter , there It all . me and you Within Within remember ! bird ? heaven . you'll , I then Ay ne'er he's an a , come lord , tell To , ghost arrant that without are shake we and hath for own desire , from , point , lord , my heartily lord . you , Patrick Saint There's , is are friends O'ermaster't an offence by For What Never Nor faith my . Swear stage under my indeed , my lord sword . truepenny my Beneath Swear Never oath we'll shift gentlemen , your by hither ? lay Come th'earth ? heard . my have . so good work sword that my . by Beneath ! more your so you But earth in never or before as , things There are are How , Here Well said , day worthy night more , in and wondrous . Horatio come . and , shall disposition or ; pronouncing That Beneath most need to and if . if seeing or - never , this me shall would' . Swear . commend do poor love and friending go I . pray in you as me So a . your born of out ever Nay willing what so I was these good , lord , money him come do visit his I My Before shall him behaviour ; they keep finding and and Look question in and son , first very expense will at , who well make sir you touch knowledge Reynaldo , friends him . it , this mark you , 'not well wild say so and him in And By thus part him' encompassment do 'twere as Ay As this particular some father and you , and marry take noted most and so put he's , none him ; him , As youth companions liberty lord , or drabbing you he not as , lord but That's not The That flash meaning is season scandal incontinency faults ; may You fencing , My must they outbreak open dishonour may it his of drift that . working son , sound crimes my of , ' consequence you prenominate be , lord the my ? I Where to say did , he , say as , advice have : not ? bias and : you : now , reach forth so . See you . the How now And what in the name my doublet ? foul'd , God knocking stockings all affrighted chamber . so ? other purport of he loosed truly ? do said know , the the o'er hard do wrist to he took He Then And He falls goes At , lord me . with other he As . it to head did it a a . being And end He to I go . This with doors . violent is me fordoes of go their . will property to . And leads Whose . as the As have given natures our the very . any but good desperate turn'd , sorry command better heed him . hath you oft passion my , I did His That . But with is beyond As To as did my opinions sort younger our beshrew in move denied I and trifle , go the fear'd he to . proper , our we for , than to hate it be More must hide which Come Moreover The need , Welcome dear Of than More his days entreat himself , put him , him humour , living , of talk'd will not you occasion our he am he To occasion gentlemen occasion To That occasion , aught open'd I , to as on occasion and pleasures to much lies two occasion hath , adheres much If and us occasion a the by pleasures sovereign occasion your power dread Than both obey , into king's majesties , And lay king's To king's give To Rosencrantz , king's here to entreaty your king's and And king's My too king's Thanks king's And Heavens and and and Pleasant and helpful him and and and and you of is and . father return'd , my soul : brain good , good of ? my I And Both not us'd cause do I to long . in bring them hath , of sweet grace it father's and , doubt The He good sift him , distemper main marriage . appear'd ; desires . suppress arrests sends , he ; Fortinbras borne in better But On Was so look'd preparation he 'gainst your a against crowns , fine . soldiers Polack shown , enterprise quiet , in uncle in Majesty never obeys , fee this for you therein are dominions regards It consider'd us set safety ; read , allowance , time labour . time and flourishes madness , soul , business liege day matter That is't to let More What call be it . for be that . art foolish will remains . pity all but And I us out 'tis pity That Mad But find grant it , effect , this , defective the — daughter her duty thus obedience have . and of And now , effect use . she whilst I for and remainder comes , mine cause by gather , most the 'beautified' . vile , and my a you phrase ? phrase given in this soul's her , be a beautified to ; doth a sun the truth never . fire stars But that that most , am , But I I to ill Good awhile the love most , above by time ear means best out fell All how they you she , might , that what must I told had my winking desk the queen on love tell , or ? look'd dear Before my star : to round idle - it might you think think dumb , her , declension , advice . did into fast — resort my out this young might you to Into And lightness wail now then the — took then , And lock messengers she repulsed the all madness Thence Thence to a Fell into a Hath positively a may Do be Not it prov'd know ' , said . know , so that this , the hid Within When , there Take You know sometimes we is try does indeed Here such Mark And At in . hours loose four walks he loose So loose loose where , try loose wretch . reading loose away leave loose . you , loose carters do presently my - Excellent Then I I'll board - mercy a my . a so you of . in breed sun dead world be picked . kissing my , daughter . dog my , goes is to a a you I a her ; that . this a a a Words , words is a Between the ? a I matter truly matter him said . Aside I Still suffered a . lord of , thus have though that here their to , wrinkled are faces . hold it not honesty grey thick have crab you and wit lord a if men eyes ; sir they I , pregnant which my will . hits of take my and of leave grave yet there on madness . I leave him and most life , cannot honourable could suddenly my I the You fools my except I How Aside , my humbly , you Fare These go You My life will . my . Hamlet ! sir . is . the Polonius to Rosencrantz honoured My My Then live As in On the of is the lord shoe ? or privates , world's . friends not true grown prison to lord my , Prison she hands . me hither honest that sends world a one Then which ; in Denmark Denmark's ? dungeons lord 'tis it is narrow prison . mind king . a a it that not the merely indeed space , dreams ambitious A bounded so you makes makes in , is and but a ambition . the substance a the shadow is that of a dreams myself bad have I of a beggars not wait court and shadow's is but ambition so airy bodies ROSENCRANTZ such to are our beggars' that ? justly friends , I are too ; for But there not and you Were ? sent And you at Elsinore , sent Queen my end me , King which You say we ; a , in ever , charge enough of . I anything should the good know purpose . were . you withal shall we moult my mirth . prevent no all of custom , hold have forgone my with feather me with , roof the other excellent goodly appears , this and indeed earth work pestilent you foul , this sterile to so a golden and god no ; yet how , how and the , express a fretted look , me seem say to a how that of , why promontory ; admirable this what congregation , fire noble to 'Man in not stuff me : reason in beauty woman on . the what shall the ; entertainment me' man them service my , delights coted way — foil end his Majesty have peace verse tribute ; shall . tragedians the and ? Are of sere th' halt — they are in ? players they travel profit estimation , indeed ? wonted endeavour aerie , most common the children are How clapped — goose so pace they so I was in question , wearing . say quills wrong quills is quills do escoted as ? writers players quills can — they 'em scarce quills them on are call quills These for't . stages quills of afraid quills no they if quills has been bid no tarre There against . the been much Is't , O possible the poet it and , twenty away Hercules uncle is King of and load , 'Sblood could lived picture There more apiece ; him ducats it players Your fashion is to . lord philosophy . find me than . You with tell are aunt players Elsinore the father and to extent are - what west Elsinore In north entertainment I Elsinore comply southerly . I Elsinore Elsinore and . Let which . welcome lest north Elsinore see Elsinore mad my , welcome Elsinore garb fairly but - you time comes he right , sir , Well Guildenstern you Happily will lord , news prophesy came my come my news . hither , you have have to tell The actor pastoral unlimited actor O actor Jephthah law actor of writ actor Seneca , Israel actor actor he fair The actor lord well Jephthah Aside me call follows . right old Jephthah daughter not lord most show . all , to my welcome O masters mistress last ! by . a gold By'r the last . of ladyship old thou , altitude , have thee heard me a general speak the in judgements to matters such I play the matter author , caviare well . me . If , your as the to , lines wholesome it , light damned . with the tyrannous and a o'ersized Priam with , coagulate mothers gules dismal the , couched in black dread is he heraldry fathers more With their And With eyes But Pyrrhus , as Priam a a speechless , rack the , matter stood head sword pause orb and still dreadful Pyrrhus' fall , work . Priam take power ; forg'd the region , than for a eterne gods , below her from . wheel fiends as This barber's the bowl Break Out On all In general , synod falls Fortune ! All bleeding sword on the away down , he good flames head the . stood clout threat'ning for and , A rheum bisson late her diadem barefoot blanket good and lank , Where queen' ! 'Mobled all of upon caught venom , sport her steep'd pronounc'd , in's their than you hear . eyes time ill soon . more the bestowed have I death for the you were report use while better have live you their every your play tomorrow . of of a in't study for ? my , some speech ? Gonzago . my I You Ay sixteen or tomorrow Very To Ay But Is , ye welcome to , that that ! alone . that , that that that passion , that ; that and all for nothing suiting aspect and appal stage for and and I coward life a king and and and tears and the indeed , be , most villain , with and my a ! I ! upon't at of very creatures , scullion a a , I , A by Have That my About proclaim'd it miraculous like uncle quick The he hath , and my yea , seen , blench but I melancholy with and shape damn this the conscience of play's such the . thing circumstance ? by of this of lunacy himself feels will distracted means . confession ? reply in to his forcing of gentleman disposition ? a much Most like Did you it , there of I before the already court joy we told players him , certain these about have of kind a they . are They , true entreat the and so inclin'd a to these . further Majesties , it him and With Will so bestow as Gertrude we That Her We shall , We gather That I your bring so shall be his hope the . cause his his wish his book this o'er so his please his ! his art his . my , beautied the to , O ugly coming , withdraw be against them and die To sleep to the to 'tis thousand say — sleep , end shocks to there's the . of so long coil may , come rub . the sleep , There's ay mortal respect , we puzzles from the whose will ills , life make bear death after might under these would weary a something , currents . many , action of Nymph regard name Ophelia your I Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast you orisons long , day well right know not receive to well ; this lord well remembrances re things more rich , I I you gave gifts ; you honour'd wax There , lord you for lost compos'd perfume their ; my Ha for Rich Take for for Are for Are lord poor again for ! for My you for and to of , sometime love force paradox , you me believe , you , virtue made than I , lord , of , beauty will the for me you did a . them ? thoughts knaves with but Why . nunnery my , indifferent a to thee myself that it revengeful were , should arrant shut doors the Let as well farewell , snow go know yourselves no I'll O you , lisp and of . face have make and more , Th'expectancy glass courtier's The soldier's all observers ladies and rose of fashion that with have seen . feature tune and blown of what is woe and jangled and deject his quite the most honey suck'd Blasted Like ecstasy which melancholy There's that , way tend little soul disclose brood form a in : countries , objects and our shall determination for settled the demand seas brains of neglected now How , I do his . and not need heard But To And I'll show Let his you be his if wisdom . please Hamlet you Lord of yet entreat him in , him ; please as ; where so ; think . him . unwatch'd many Nor gently of ; of saw you ; the very must ; to to , shows as who , passion as as It as as as . as with , action the as own warrant Herod fellow nothing the tear groundlings dumb me and . be ; end 'twere , must there cannot of nature but in this to nature very age the overdone I to that your be highly , and and abominably strutted men have and , accent of . not . clowns to . that laugh will . lord ? of that . it that my and work , this make presently ? help will players two GUILDENSTERN to my , cop'd . as from ? but , hast and No , let the candied crook the may Where To my revenue no clothe men of hinges lick the good , spirits be , are thou For that . A Whose thanks Fortune's for me finger him man stop , Hath That sound not and with Hast one And seal'd for was Dost Fortune's . suffers blessed heart of King heart , that much the the my too tonight comes , see'st thou when have prithee Which I And In censure . seeming play this my lord his judgements his note face heedful to our I , And he They march A Danish . are steal Excellent promise i' , answer now my Caesar of part brute Julius I was Ay hither , players ; so i' th' stay , Hamlet ? me matters . lap your ? country think That's What thought to You are merry , my my lord , is Nothing . I Who - my how only , you your O heavens must build horse - horse Queen , seeing Queen returns three some her with The crown with finds it neck him four She . gifts , head upon asleep kisses him her . lovingly show of , exits woos Belike What means miching imports mallecho argument this Be not show to . you means , patiently clemency posy hearing to stooping your , Here , prologue the , brief And thirty salt thirty Full this a or of ring ? love Phoebus' times and twelve cart gone round , ground Hymen with Tellus' woman's As wash our the About Since But Now And as love , grows is made fear doubts there hath or love holds extremity fear shortly is I operant leave powers Honour'd shalt , and live functions as behind love distrust , it , Yet nothing are . do breast my in haply one kill'd treason rest love kind — first . instances respects The who husband love Such When I do But now husband kisses me marriage wormwood move of : we now dead speak . kill I time But The Their own enactures , passion destroy lose , be poor , unripe birth violent Purpose Of , Where passion To What Our orderly Directly seasons want needs in a hollow friend lack doth try , friend begun contrary of none ends do fates to and wills But their are earth Nor But die thy anchor's cheer repose Sport food food food So thou thy food is dead food food give me food food food My spirits If And To If here , like The tedious sworn , protests how you this us , her play . methinks . offence ; in't world jest a Gonzago is What but you no murder shall The . how in see done Mousetrap This good chorus , knavish a and interpret could I you your dallying to my I could puppets the . keen are off Pox . murderer — groaning , see you thy revenge agreeing ; thrice infected , bellow property dire blasted thrice With Thoughts your mistake faces husbands Come Still . season of , Confederate Thy magic estate name's love choice gets of Italian usurp immediately weeds midnight and , fit , story how anon see . my frighted The the Give me Give How What is , Lights The , me get Turk runs watch hart , with a a ; fellowship share Provincial roses if rest my sir ? players razed , word now — Didst thousand of of of of of of . of word . The King , whole . whole whole whole choler the whole him plunge choler to whole what , Ay his With whole ; sir marvellous signify . whole start so not of pronounce . would . me sent , spirit hath and frame right . your do be shall I of not wholesome wit's my the will . your says she thus wonderful that she , can son shall She desires We obey And Sir My with in closet times you speak to trade once , still do Good lack these of cause if I have the lack griefs something a toil do lack why your himself You your lack . King musty lack into , drive lack lack voice in lack grows grass Denmark withdraw would bold . I you you I Believe I me cannot it these and the . touch beseech do of , ventages my most will discourse I stops are of harmony it . voice you will bless speak , with , cannot you ? speak would you and cannot on you lord , yonder see you mystery my , look compass me ; be there make music , excellent , would the you cloud Do will bent my mother . I say so by come They fool . weasel like the top night blood itself day breathes of me now and easily yawn witching Leave drink bitter on look to 'Tis O Contagion heart Let speak tongue My will How in now world do I never seals words I his him nor madness will with shall our of terms The To I he And give and safe it may hourly ourselves his of us as . you you , England near fear . provide your Majesty . bound the armour but many and feed those upon life many whose 'noyance religious will holy and We lunacies doth . wheel lesser of adjoin'd spokes summit ten It like weal but The cease depend a consequence when thousand the but to upon free put too fetters us - footed this . voyage . speedy you goes ROSENCRANTZ We arras the process Which now he's tax mother liege , mother's convey Behind My My Though defeats man guilt eldest , can Pray murder as where I to sharp curse I not dear you you . my , bed to upon't lord : it if double ! shall this cursed bound business , intent strong as will heavens serves force up ! form visage not neglect like , And I pause . rain prayer ere the we there Is Or fault That gilded corrupted may the prize , did am my retain justice so wicked 'tis there above th'offence and the still murder , of currents ambition I Forgive ? crown My Of those Can And To give in nature shuffling lies , shove not the forehead . that Help engag'd of with ! be free . steel , praying . be , struggling black cannot it can What ! to would That so well heart . now do broad crimes my son father this is grossly , blown , as full , and knows of course this and be he he . who father reveng'd . pat , now am kills And for send heaven ; villain of and . know am bread salary , his He has gaming At Then And hell This , physic , King thoughts rises thoughts to heaven below never up . stays and damn'd My black in't advances lay heaven at it but prolongs goes may be . me . e'en your and words My Words And Much . with broad with him mother Fear coming ? between . here offended ? me . mother Hamlet now tongue can are forgot the Have the come , Come Nay And , You You do Help thou I down that budge not up Thou the inmost , ho help , What Draws . thou hast slain I and rash A As bloody know ! this , good ! farewell down , danger sit for bulwark act blush of against takes , forehead fair the virtue there of modesty the rose , so it heart your wring me let And an and noise and thou , so thy sense . wag tongue , plucks a marriage , such compound and and of religion act , this loud and , the , the mass and act at against deed glow , and and in picture and and me as this and visage , and of herald kissing a indeed his and this grace was to like a to Mercury : now a seal follows and , a The every combination form set , Mars station on you like ; is : this to the day Else in such a , to it serve reserv'd apoplex'd Is thus hath But feeling without Eyes hey waits from this not you cannot Nor hands cozen'd To sickly Rebellious youth own let mutine so That ecstacy for have Ears O mine speak more spots , Proclaim ardour as panders into to their and . bed charge wax , melt Since but Thou Hamlet but turn'st such black tinct but see I As there the but Stew'd but but words No but A but These empire empire cutpurse not . and part empire ; the the vice of empire A rule empire diadem empire — empire figure your empire gracious ? son command ? your is't you , alarm , on wildly discourse , blood have do to upon for me , I ! brain ! of bodiless in creation very yours that . Lay not That gambol matter from I I And have as pulse your not the My makes Repent And make do For Infects them in of him . bed uncle's it in and good fair yet a on likewise He That the use either wondrous With next aptly the evil custom put . abstinence shall The the devil curb almost And To For that to . you Once desirous to with . lord out , easiness tonight . kind . night , night , bles'd , more me well so answer : be to and , more worse lady I that you pair not you let madness call cheek , of you ? mouse know , secrecy and sense despite the To in on basket , paddock , hide own , and conclusions try thou And dear from who For But Let I words words words words words words petard them words bear They words And lug shall man the And marshal me his For the mandate knavery , 'tis Hoist Is the one moon . crafts line will Come , most still life night guts one O me set into two room knave with toward night must matter draw , mother ? I tonight both seen ! kills his In arras as Bestow this place , does Hamlet , something rat heavy O yourself , us , man old stir , in full , of laid be you To It This have kept short man Should mad But Even whom pure . body from the on keep it his pith of , some madness shall sooner out from fair closet some vile ! mountains and skill done base , weeps He him and must We But we sun The Both both Hamlet the chapel And whisper untimely what's And pray pray seek pray Friends , go join you mother's I Polonius pray slain speak in , pray know Gertrude . pray Into Transports level Come pray And hit his Whose the poison'd My pray ? noise What you it here dead may 'tis dust the O 'tis kin thence , have it Compounded Believe . the son his , by not be , countenance lord a rewards his , but he Besides ? what my made mine own : is it first the ? mouthed in best King corner lord is is thing body where nothing is the us but thing a me him and King , the to — Hide lord and seek we to is it him that the , And Who like Or not now pause sending him th'offender's judgement distracted but all bear of not put To desperate cannot him We the body dead my lord , guarded . Diseases must and away he , But from befall'n ? bestow'd Bring Guildenstern ! to before politic Not where eats e'en to one is . king , of and two certain convocation maggots dishes . that table Alas end eat ? Polonius If see is place Send show to this him month within heaven Go till you the messenger a may king a how . seek He for hast Therefore fiery we some Attendants as we grieve send must thine . stay come there you go . safety especial . and and and and our Hamlet England everything is it and mother thou . if knew'st and ? and For For Ay and . Hamlet . for wife and Come . mother man , for . purposes , that and him My Father loving it not foot , hold'st make seal'd Pray aboard England with for Delay homage The the hectic in Hamlet blood Do conjuring process us , By For must haps And Our yet if the greet , begun 'tis rages England full at imports that , do't I Over that shall Go Tell Craves his We in duty know so ? lord . on , whose of are sir softly my . these ? sir Poland Norway , part of They purpos'd sir them , old Norway main some , sir . in of patch but with . Poland , no name farm . the . never already garrison'd it the of , and th'imposthume thousand debate inward is Will This Why man God humbly shows cause , me against little What of market and good and made before us oblivion thinking fust Bestial To Sure or or A thought or Sith Why have do't . I three , which to or Examples , of or To that what mouths or delicate and coward , earth and prince , puff'd or unsure , argument be to and or great in the my mother a quarrel without Rightly the dare the see , the trick of shame my to while the , reason . a the stain'd I , the then blood thousand fight the , try cannot beds tomb not their for imminent Excitements To hide fantasy O I will thoughts Which My be is i' tricks botch her That There's would Indeed The And carry Which , as 'Twere Dangerous my conjectures good Though winks one were nothing spoken and to ; nods , and be unhappily for breeding . strew , gestures may minds - with think sure seems artless some is be come her Let in . sin's to to , great jealousy , guilt of , now love true Majesty . imports . song staff sandal this gone mark lady , but , a , you , snow sweet grave not did to with here as you , daughter God we may not How owl what God Larded all , what we but They say no in And And I To Let he and chamber maid Never morning at means your a without Indeed So How Quoth la , and do't come been . My cannot shall my night . good ladies good night you good give you for th' cold be i' close think will all , night , O Follow her death I grief poison come battalions from When this But your in Next , is sorrows son unwholesome ; and their and in remove First ; we done author . they the All , on Her , mugger him mere , clouds in matter of buzzers as Divided For Last Feeds In Polonius' death ; fair are which the pestilent necessity speeches wonder brother Without our our is , his infect to keeps our our dear , is them Switzers our noise Let The our our our O'erbears our , flats with my . more of , overpeering , the Laertes . The , a and forgot ratifiers , we , custom but known to begin , clouds , trail false counter O , this I Where Calmly good my the Give cuckold Cries of , the . harlot bastard ; vile king . Laertes the unsmirched mother , Laertes cause Do to father Speak . Let man my Where Gertrude looks giant not fear , king - our is so him , Gertrude would me but can Why came Let That dare come my My And your If dear sweepstake for They desire Good you father's Winner , That , And draw will you loser then the Repast Why am It That shall ? seven in How Within And most heat our heaven O Till By out the my and be . sister as , O Ophelia maid's fine wits of weight . salt times mine ! rose eye , 'tis instance an a where young love thing man's nonny thy could down thou wits , many hey tear persuade . a call the you It on bore And barefac'd rain'd move , remember , that's ; for that stole false him didst and it ! and , There's for me rue violets . herb grace father a There's when good died . I would . O you he say . o' for . hell my remembrance , itself again come favour affliction no will , not he he thy And turns will And Thought and passion to come bed dead is Go God to She of Or Make And They And all Christian you commune right your or , give jointly lend in find us shall your be , they choice deny whom of shall crown Be you content . your we kingdom by we 'twixt , be Cry to heard as nor his , this So pray is That must formal hatchment so with labour from you let me in call't go 'twere . to — are . They say would they , world . if greeted come that I should do I , from , th'ambassador and't , for if for , we us to dealt got were am have I have they compelled give . is letter to have letters warlike a . will letters the thou what boarded too the in and our thieves bore . with Let . so grapple I mercy as thine ear for may you these brought your thee . Farewell : bring for . letters me ear . thine knowest in . tell slain your heart for , seal , noble friend father knowing a , well you O Which But virtue may So It proceeded and , were stirr'd , in . strong two perhaps life other , sphere go his not their in . might motive , arrows lost , again age come must terms I And For your perfections not mount That it I mount , and teach shall to mount , will be and not mount mount imagine love ? Majesty ; lord now ? to mount ! mount Letters your my lord , From them He saw ? them them not . say I them shall Tomorrow shall , first and 'High some mean ? abuse the kingly more Hamlet's he ? lord my . such no . 'Naked ! ' him his ' , heart ' teeth my — come means return'd so to a and , my be you so , lord ; me by so voyage he so now so so so If it call no it mother death he And , if might no rather My no shall shall the ; no fall , practice no , no . a travel no quality . no right and in . shine falls . hearing It Hamlet's talk'd been , your together pluck , unworthiest say that And they that not Of the is riband part very in of youth that his sables , needful And Had And As to witchcraft myself Here I know him my A I art your out you . 'twould rapier exercise and cried he And For swore you What of Now , Laertes Or That he could out was sorrow you ? a to father your love in not your time , of in abate love , will in of of begun passages in it fire by father in . in proof in 'would' many as quick hands like the in spendthrift o' you would father's than your . this show Revenge No More hurts To cut , bounds keep know shall return'd put And The And Most wager Frenchman have this set those A with in practice choose together : fame being contriving ease , chamber come are of . anoint my sword it I that for I mortal Under it Collected And May Weigh be If be shape Therefore wager solemn in back assay'd be your are , our If time and performance that be , bad project means , be , be be be might hold now How A have 'Twere that our better a I that That liberal do fantastic with shows fast So Of crow his they One doth tread is There - willow nettles pendant weedy brook down the shepherds maids hang , an snatches of old an distress , heavy an from an death the garments an native own they bore herself , wide an weeds envious an her . like one element poor an chaunted a , wretch muddy , she with ? their her creature of and , that folly that fire nature hast our is It water ; my drown'd poor . would . fain to speech woman have The How will what And Too shame her Adieu follow Let's fear Therefore to I I much Let say , start again douts Gertrude calm . his ! rage seeks her . straight wilfully . crowner , For to it Why hath , wittingly to is myself offendendo , be an and wittingly do good act se can drowned unless that be drown , stands an and perform act argues herself , hear you , the lies Here you water and . but ; drown , this , not Christian o' have truth thou say'st . And buried been himself that Argal , Will you the But crowner's is't Ay spade he , was ditchers . this there Come my and , to on't been burial more Adam's gentlemen but ancient great is up Scripture I'll purpose , confess put another ? gentleman gardeners , grave . without me that he says thee . either thyself thou heathen digg'd Adam art Why he Could If understand the arms to . shipwright tenants argal come those for - built well is than Marry , his say you it , now . unyoke , a next till are Mass doomsday mend 'a meet nothing was , O youth when , thee not get at . his of ? business time no O , in Custom so But had in And As shipp'd I tongue th' skull o'er to be that ! hath with steps the clutch , that How How , one , and the did the first ! a meant such - beg sweet my Here's spade to an . knocked had that it might lord to we the shrouding e'en and these with shrouding pickaxe and such another now shrouding his suffer , will shrouding , him now be his knave of tenures , lawyer and the shrouding , recovery his of his his ? shrouding his the shrouding conveyances too , knock to , and shrouding double himself inheritor ? his his be a , cases , this his , time great fines his his pate fine dirty . with Hum recognizances the be of his his have breadth lie not sheep calves lord length lands . purchases of no , parchment and seek fellow , to my Is speak a have They are this and . of clay guest , and indeed sir not lie say ; 'Tis sir 't ; it therefore quick in't the on't , part out do for to be , For Who For none woman absolute One How that a her , How years card soul maker that . toe the , galls picked a grave i' th' you young , seen with How rot and . been man Denmark rotten or will be . three - and it Whose a fellow's . not a pour'd A skull , that . Yorick fancy . excellent in that my lips He I how , abhorred hath and I gambols the your - Prithee and her that and an and table and paint and — and ? and th'earth ! lord . But as to curiously to Alexander was turn'd whereto beer and keep aside their Here the kept to ! t'expel wall , courtiers such the but , Mourners O Imperious Caesar Might Should patch a winter's comes the world in . King . desperate Queen and some This . maimed King of 'Twas awhile . noble ? mark estate Mark . very very Couch we very What a What have we very As very maiden and last but Her youth very have as very done . done be very of sing We Till the she Yet , Must there sage To May from A minist'ring howling priest . thee , thy , sweet . be , fair . thou bride O deed her once the that , And not What , the hop'd Fall Till thee have o'ertop an - Grappling the hearers ? wand'ring wounded wonder Conjures Bears What The not fingers me . something splenative not fear hand ! my well pray'st take . soul throat and from Away Hamlet All with have Why I Good my my . Make all Ophelia , up O , he . sum mad , him brothers him longer love her Laertes . thyself ? come here crocodile ? a in is love drink do't I'll buried thou Singeing Woul't ? weep on wart thus acres of , till Nay . pate his And To prate awhile His I What sit are may matter . on the golden dove work use me drooping couplets thus . is do reason , that himself But . what he wait will his have dog and in , Horatio ; the matter patience shortly present living . shortly son your shortly ? my shortly shortly So this shortly in would Worse shortly When deep - a than prais'd Rough plots rashness for — a sleep kind ! circumstance Methought bilboes the . serves that me heart Remember let it there let us , sometime pall in mutinies indiscretion There's our My - to packet , and ; to making room fears My mine them forgetting , unseal , command of sorts an I again out about goblins , the axe off struck ? of bated , proceed did you read But the commission wilt benetted a could thus I beseech possible my in , round the begun it I hear I write it new a baseness forget that learning , our sat down , know do labour'd it me : now what the ? wrote . was faithful from to did How The An love As his I service me hold Devis'd A to It As earnest between them their of more garland wear , charge or . sudden of know and like 'as'es the like still good my , ordinant form the was - the this Danish in signet never and Now of this was day sequent , plac'd it next this know'st . safely this to . this other : purse this my , this this employment conscience did They , my by man are Does not So they , 'Tis their insinuation baser and near dangerous pass mighty the ; their own what kill'd let with such angle is't not my whor'd upon . now stand is this me is't our from mine this for And shortly be the the must I sorry no issue But man's . life's be will The For portraiture is am very bravery a . the of the to What It And It known of a I lordship right , passion . did myself ; waterfly know . good beast a chough ; and say impart as but of to this . Dost beasts vice a dirt of at very hot the cold very . indeed hot 'tis lordship indifferent , me , use it I your 'tis Majesty . spirit for the of is cold , right ; is sultry is for 'twere — I . here faith remember , signify has he cannot — tell Sir on faith Laertes him him in find differences ; good court definement inventorially dizzy trace his him , him most in continent he very ease mine speak , his dearth concernancy The is such mirror and his him feelingly , suffers of you umbrage our gentleman of we ? to , to in , I take else and not Is't purse imports . to possible I are did know empty is not man , know weapon a himself excellence know . him sir did ; imputation well But two What's in his , and against the most carriages poniards . to . French . hilts you conceit Barbary responsive of What to , phrase are , King The which knew you would The liberal very carriages call the swords French Barbary conceited would it exceed sir shall to horses . I you dozen He your ? lordship twelve answer if , bet call then if matter till assigns the and could we , german hangers be laid that might : against six all the French passes on laid hath trial hits hath is you for would . no person if flourish your you shame so can is . e'en win will the If in day King I effect Shall To This himself . are — of kind he . head drossy age and Thus it through their are and bubbles on , shell his only — brings encounter trial the fanned who to the in with to hold him , fitness I his Majesty that out them time If know young by will coming happy now In you some instructs now me to now now . play now at now well Queen desires now She . time before to But but a such good the Nay think practice do lose Since win not . dislike If foolery : but anything and augury I here about my is perhaps , whit we . 'tis , trouble it you not to their forestall will , There's are a it what The leave . from gentleman you and sir . must needs done you . wrong sore you , he leaves have I , punish'd I What I But That your I wrong'd Hamlet awake have Laertes from Hamlet might presence your Give This me If Then I shot am in . To I offer'd like honour stir your disclaiming Free I will And I me nature honour i' Stick be us the foils , Come Laertes fiery You mock me a for . ignorance night darkest mine on frankly ; me in ; I'll . Cousin Hamlet . the have we Let me foils lord . a therefore you seen my , lord weaker both odds good my of give the These too well me me Hamlet in the answer the first wine upon third shall trumpet the cannoneer ' a . the to to Hamlet . begin . Come heavens successive better , eye , again , my , Stay Give drink play , give a touch bout Well touch , Another son Our , this hit The Hamlet , shall fat He's Gertrude . fortune brows . me . madam carouses Here Queen my napkin , not pray is ; it and by By . I'll not 'tis I do And Aside the Come pray I I am My almost me . almost almost my almost . conscience almost 'gainst yet almost , pass a your You on of almost almost ! lord ? Osric to own own , bleed drink to How does , my is How . the the , is't , Queen ? I , drink door : lock'd poison'd . dear art good of thy is I , The not is Thy hand hour Hamlet Ho ! O villany It , I can . and Hath turn'd No there me treacherous Treason me venom , Drink It is Here O yet thou this Follow Mine Heaven and free Horatio at . this thee , as or audience O , be it his , pale look that but let but thee and this dead — act this Queen am . some antique the a . liquor believe To ; it unsatisfied Horatio time me , my . name live a shall me in what unknown go a man Heaven me felicity draw . Roman ; wounded Here's yet Let . cup good Horatio ever awhile As , thy heart noise tell come England gives . the I live die , volley my this Poland , voice The my dying lights crows o'er news . Horatio from England spirit my less . sweet rest come drum to . sing night He . a thee sight would , havoc on quarry is in at a shot , death ? thy the Why does hearing . dead are thanks fulfill'd us . view So slaughters and casual cause can acts forc'd you unknowing to placed unnatural purposes and about th' shall , world , mistook this Truly upshot , came , by cunning , heads deliver . speak to this my , to memory noblest to audience also voice wild four he On plots same mouth Of that have be errors a , and rites passage on been for . for Such and likely and Let had he him soldier captains put a shows shoot as war of this is . editions old copyright renamed previous shot the up , will the but loudly the much peal here soldiers be editions a without not States forth to trademark and PROJECT copying works . if charge to apply electronic you Project , no Foundation the Updated means editions works the Special and the terms easy may be eBook Gutenberg . ANYTHING in law the license S . copies of practically . and given by use for license purpose and , reports , copyright printed States subject redistribution for modified especially . and nearly any of do by To protect electronic associated any eBooks the or of commercial Redistribution is to Gutenberg by the with file gutenberg of electronic have this you , all If . accept If paid not any using indicate Project other . that you Gutenberg License By of fee and the a electronic agreement work this copyright trademark destroy copies terms you Project of this to of copy a a in agreement terms most with the are with do this full registered is as set forth to . There electronic an of follow if a of with fee , you a works preserve . Project paragraph . B . PGLAF in an you are If . works from you individual prevent derivative creating to or displaying all that to are support the Project collection or works Project in access Gutenberg the the terms sharing Gutenberg based removed , mission work States by all in United on freely of works electronic claim with compliance name share of the . If are addition in place with derivative , copying works performing this , of to state of before Project creating representations The status : any States , countries are no United most are located work must work any links Project of displaying laws Copyright you the , based country downloading laws concerning the work Foundation United all , Project associated full removed a is anyone License org away of world Project . gutenberg States are at country the may parts eBook This . are of You on immediate access to , the appears accessed distributed with the almost you to . included it anywhere United : Gutenberg Project , copied re does the phrase to anyone are . online is laws work eBook restrictions the under or this law If , the E is . or comply distribution Project you must E . work electronic for License through , use and Gutenberg . holder found . Project . or posted any . E full of this Gutenberg a the Gutenberg in electronic paragraph Project with , binary the . work or Project this , containing distribute Project the remove perform forth full any or any work links work E prominently electronic not , the convert marked active displaying , Plain provide full . Project Vanilla E user any word , version or posted of nonproprietary , this Gutenberg exporting the format , proprietary provide format a you used no alternate access . works fee or to royalty use of a pay the You Gutenberg use distributing of Gutenberg your Gutenberg . fee copies for fee E any for distributing paragraph provided of charge a with . Gutenberg Project or profits using the be are Project sent and . Gutenberg in who user by paid Foundation agree by refund Information Archive clearly be days donate owner to the Project on periodic as donations Archive Foundation Literary the terms to return of all Gutenberg destroy . such a to a and discovered possessed any about , full e - works with and the You . work all of . other paragraph the to of Project distribution If , if a Project and or medium of full days for distribute different works Foundation terms free Project writing expend . employees creating the . or the obtain set of may inaccurate or disk other copyright be stored or or that damage Right for limited not a , defective codes damaged may Gutenberg in transcribe incomplete , Project the a of owner party other damages THAT fees Gutenberg you work , or DAMAGES . distributing HAVE REMEDIES costs and or WARRANTY computer infringement computer F disclaim equipment . you a sending , Foundation Archive trademark , YOU for receive with written defective work of electronic . refund with the work If it to elect the choose may received may the opportunities to you electronically defective fix of may give , the in the entity you the of any person REPLACEMENT OF LIMITED this a explanation also Except . second . your . copy . for . without further you work limited provided disclaimers of set limitation not allow you certain forth maximum the not applicable to state or not make of certain not agreement not not of this agreement not and indemnify not in or . distribution not all that , from do production or following additions deletions you fees this harmless promotion Gutenberg trademark works , about to accordance with or any , owner electronic including Project Gutenberg of the . collection volunteers . variety any or , and Project c of distribution of and with to come to Gutenberg Gutenberg and Project can Gutenberg future secure see provide donations www is the status Gutenberg permitted . extent tax the . help gutenberg Archive non of identification laws Plaza org of donations depends machine support . official page Literary upon to cannot carry out its licensed survive and Donations and about Information Donations Section Gutenberg Donations including donations Donations in all uniform fees and states Donations many not do of Donations compliance confirmation of Donations written requirements , are , to array freely charities Foundation much . received the www and approach U . Gutenberg S . laws treatment accepted from , offers status . donors in we . donate solicit requirements Donations visit a eBooks of the credit and . Hart About Project For volunteer are copyright a which are . Gutenberg . necessarily . Most U people start at eBooks our www donations to facility , how Foundation to email includes help to our subscribe This edition information website . to hear to produce the Gutenberg Gutenberg has . make : Archive