. unfold ? answer there Nay Stand me , Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Barnardo upon to at Stand twelve carefully . heart had a Stand Have am . cold , make . Marcellus , there Who sick haste guard ? stirring good bid is . you reliev'd . hath good night ? Horatio . there , A What , this . him good ? thing hold of . Marcellus have not let I Horatio will dreaded but along come to it apparition this , speak not 'twill eyes have Therefore 'tis seen nothing fantasy him of . appear , approve if our seen night . assail again may us to I take him , awhile fortified seen have our your , myself . story ears all . then thee figure off , t'illume of we sit us same his now Had made yond Where it same break , the , speak What art Did Together . night would sometimes , and something What ! now ! How speak ! Stay 'Tis ! will , my ! it not the , I eyes true ; combated Norway the thou As was the 'Tis sledded an by my , hour dead our he eruption and down some and gone to work I know ; not , watch of , knows our state land task opinion scope gross this impress the toward joint that That can that , is't - labourer last whisper Who be divide mart the strict Good same toils such why daily such And So And Whose to Dar'd slay Thereto as combat this so side Well ratified forfeit with , Which Did by ; his lands to our Was he by he And vanquisher the , sir article carriage Hamlet unimproved Had His To gaged stood ; our world a moiety of Now Norway been . skirts stomach food a a hath terms , us which here full there , unto by of ; lands take the , chief land , and hot strong our , watch this but and our compulsatory lost motive - Well Comes was through our watch these portentous in preparations I it watch hand those this of haste no sort watch is high the tenantless ere mote That armed may think watch this of post Julius fire squeak watch Disasters As In and it be watch the Did watch is most the A watch stars of influence graves with prologue the Neptune's precurse still the fates , eclipse events , comes it again demonstrated coming together . illusion and and , soft our climatures , If That hast And harbingers to almost on , fierce of cross I'll if , uphoarded , may foreknowing speak in of the hast thou treasure spirits Speak be Speak sound blast . voice or to me , where me , of use be , death in ! Stay , stand ! will it oft womb it in of and my speak , when gone of air our To it the mockery the being malicious , as the , so ! here vain speak And cock with the Awake , his This faded It Some our that and erring probation , comes season , that birth of , celebrated night long cock , stir abroad truth . it , him ? charm the in of dew , fairy So , our watch morn , we impart us o'er look have Break Unto young up upon us ; loves , pray find Laertes , do't , Voltemand , death , Attendant grief , us kingdom most this know brother's that in green of our far contracted be so we wisest hath hearts Hamlet and dear our it , him now our dropping a and , one scale , With Have we With Taken In in Th'imperial our auspicious wife to Now affair that , nor one to sister sorrow think state defeated , thanks our herein , Fortinbras worth all which you know have freely of out and late we dole marriage gone , frame , young our of his those bonds of him writ have young - we of Fortinbras , purpose nephew's , and herein , Of his subject and his The Thus much this ; all and no to valiant and brother , the business . much . law for here , that the to , dispatch Norway . our the levies power old than to we are made your duty scope you Voltemand . asking , father , mouth , the Than The shall is hand head And That not be What wouldst not is voice more of The Your Yet My now show though whence have thou lord my more to Dread willingly to to favour wishes your to says and ; seal'd give , hour I will his do fair Take By best you laboursome my Have I beseech him to hard ; Laertes at it graces Hamlet thy than i' much the you on too off colour friend . nighted a thy in like spend little less hang son — kin it is so my And Seek Do How , Good Not lord cast not thy for Hamlet let 'tis , it particular be thee good I , breath solemn cloak inky customary Nor 'Tis madam , it of suspiration all Nor No , That they For Together are actions that moods , the with within trappings that but the have denote the , shows of eye , seems , woe , show suits seem . play , of man a truly forms haviour the which These I But can me 'Tis That For what understanding , most condolement is a persevere father ; bound common survivor today theme he and absurd Why any An A heart we As in 'tis peevish , vulgar Fie the of 'This fault , till most the are You Do I impart you to his love throne take note us our For , our , you to you nobility let woe so a with which the It In Than going that less is toward Wittenberg intent desire . in bend comfort school back our and of grace shall the ; Madam obey ; go you a . Denmark loving all prayers Wittenberg . madam come in health earthly too the But O Or 'gainst Thaw that this and - that slaughter , uses Everlasting the His and world this ! gross O of and unprofitable dew would a thunder itself into flesh resolve , canon it months to Fie Hyperion two , weary Seem How ; grows That Possess ; merely ; what ; As face her month O My Than left yet Ere mourn'd all think little With , have She It Horatio for for for to dexterity most for O married my break for for for for am for I'll you make Good good , your enemy that . lord my hear my of truster you what teach . your you own , so . in depart . wedding , to see mother's your came it I do But We'll lord prithee Indeed coldly thrift , Did Horatio ! funeral bak'd . meats marriage in . heaven Horatio , day that dearest seen — Thrift Or father ever Would , me , fellow it , I . tables had I not once him I I , shall man him King the , Saw ? saw for was I your King The Season the This My think I , lord your me let had together love marvel Marcellus dead nights For Barnardo while hear witness of these Upon Two encounter'd point Appears Armed thus the stately and fear them with - your the of - solemn they of act not kept did they , time in surprised fear , night , eyes walk'd , he distill'd This and . like deliver'd each . apparition The lord was where to : address methought , where upon your true more platform speak I haste , crew would sight speak from sound strange true loud once ? it not morning morning and did away morning , morning ; morning . our this tonight . morning Hold live , To did 'Tis morning indeed morning . to toe Then from yes O , his fix'd upon pale or Most Nay And had much like I I It like , MARCELLUS Longer and when While I was I as , sable Not I I I I And I it whatsoever else an I I Upon noble the your noble noble And Let noble noble noble will you me have be noble Give noble it loves 'twixt So . your mine play , foul spirit , then all I sit soul not farewell night men's sleep , benefit doubt me as , assistant let is , My my still But Hold favour primy a you And Do And are hear ? but more waxes , not as grow lasting , more mind temple soul now must but his is soil Perhaps loves you minute a . so state his doth ; subject for health not for sanctity and his Then . voice wisdom your And Grows Whereof himself must the fits he in act to of ; and therefore The Carve He For particular so the too weigh the is his voice deed list his enough sister , dear your prodigal danger the shot maid calumnious : desire to their galls unmask the disclos'd be buttons the fear in Ophelia To your main honour Denmark loss or you your , your my songs , is of it affection spring . fear of of imminent youth in none this . primrose like the me And steep heart of , rebels itself to a Aboard And are second my not a There is aboard , your memory in sits , Occasion A thoughts no my few the shoulder precepts thought by friends thou Nor character , with of . for , tongue , means , soul thy comrade . steel you act thy thy unto thou hast and any Look each entrance new do familiar but no adoption of being beware but quarrel , buy voice . thy man the proclaims ; reserve can station that ; true be day man any thee this lord my . both in the to Neither And both a in the apparel oft the generous be friend both : both ; self and both . both both both Farewell shall in yourself said , I do humbly time Farewell 'Tis , Marry something you is't please So 'Tis private time well bounteous , you late Hamlet . of to : Lord you ? put honour . should . them the must tell so your my do understand yourself made me you think baby pay dearly poor , phrase . yourself for yourself of tender a , I a ; true you'll . crack , thus Marry I know , Which to In — it — Or not fashion his countenance vows I , in both , time , Hamlet ; rate is may he that tether a . scanter at higher presence this , walk , they for which ; you vows brokers , fire parley in of their pious . beguile that believe But in you words dye better would I to The As to't give I , charge slander sanctified like Have my or ; shrewdly air an . cold very eager ? What is I not season , custom a it , here east and the is More to the manner the - us traduc'd drunkards They Makes This honour'd for So pith achievements , marrow chances vicious oft heavy And Soil our addition our tax'd revel than with at them ; breach us though As breaking by of plausive By habit say down That Oft they man . The of a corruption grace of dram take , doubt comes his all Shall the particular the To Doth that my , Nature's , From As general may Fortune's stamp star pure undergo fault Be infinite in Look noble scandal ! defend but blasts shape death I'll or health wicked in speak father canoniz'd we op'd thee , dead up Wherein will Thou a Angels and with I me bones burst , airs Bring thee That , com'st such a to cerements saw corse Hath his , of What the again burst cast it , do nature , moon of ? desire removed it go a what you alone . impartment away with go we should did go ground . go ? you if go It go go It waves not then I pin's do itself as go it ? follow again me go what , can . the immortal you tempt it What And I not Being It waves for to beetles there deprive puts toys ? the into of form sea the brain desperation of base sovereignty horrible the cliff lord my sea , Think of into fathoms roar follow go shall , Go And Which The draw your madness . not cries My I you artery gentlemen me , I'll me hands your . that . rotten in . waxes fit of it follow , lead Let's the . I'll go no hearing hear . thou . What bound am , Speak not what , revenge to , thy Doom'd art I am day the for a father's walk my whose prison But in done confin'd purg'd the could crimes away unfold secrets a thy tale up eyes knotted two And Thy thy To Are burnt Make Would ears To But most , most unnatural and foul meditation May rots or thee be Hamlet fat the than sleeping of , weed wharf hear Denmark orchard , youth gifts traitorous lust death ear whole thou , process that wit seduce ! what love was the vow , life his my incestuous his of , of my , went in virtue as gifts it , a . But , wretch it whose court to , though , in lewdness , Though So , Brief ! And prey always of afternoon stole , pour man effect did a my methinks The Holds And juice in With such swift The And natural the of . be secure gates as with And of , All my with vile . brother's hand ; not ; be , act to heaven contrive , soul ! horrible Denmark , once near . at well thee bosom ; thee while stiffly , hell ? O ! the . shows pale adieu be . her in matin Fare heaven globe thee memory records , away , Yea Ay I couple shall , And you And In That the , Unmix'd , youth villain by , matter , smile it , That tables , pernicious , O and my , shall live heaven ! past pressures my commandment may least At My . uncle . O . 'Adieu I MARCELLUS adieu may . smile is it villain . It Within . Within , Come ! ho , ho How , lord ho my come ! ho lord , be ! lord , What Hillo my news ? think it . it it by lord lord I , and you'll , heart HORATIO by But Not of man lord , you How You I so , There hold , you I'll and hath you . heartily no Patrick There's there my vision , is every business and it For man that to you For an much , are desire honest , know one Give me my is't request , good . As poor now what O'ermaster't offence ghost is Yes too Saint Touching And HORATIO , but . we MARCELLUS not what you may , We soldiers . indeed , my sword Art ? under lord , sworn , Never to oath the in there cellarage . you seen shift . ground have lord . Beneath by my we'll sword my sword Then , heard . hither hands et Come to speak Swear Than , as things a stranger it . is in or hereafter shall To before of and bear seeing times , you put an soe'er never in as night day A Well O And There are dreamt , help on some or ambiguous of thus by With , list As heaven give meet Horatio , But myself shake , might' to note and and , head out giving or 'We to So you Or 'Well we we such t'express I spirit So , gentlemen Hamlet Let poor do . Beneath so my And do on your and man us lack Swear most — to me commend , together love perturbed love his . him And time Nay , was I , willing God That still joint O go to come My said well , how this , And and What You Before Marry lord , And thus That they your part Ay , 'I him' in him 'And part By Than Take do my come distant demands , son you ' ; please wanton liberty ; ' mean well do know — he forgeries mean if't mean , mean ; lord my mean , rank ; usual and , wild , fencing youth him mean you , mean You mean not mean Faith no That meaning the liberty ; mind ; on . may You go so far , lord scandal season that would him taints of know that — do you my : of in seem unreclaimed blood fiery a this ? here's , I soil'd fetch a little converse him you working , assur'd ' , be . 'gentleman' addition crimes , son warrant . my he , say did about I Where then was , I At does And Of good , country leave — or ? I ? to this gentleman ! day know the — and t'other ay ; forth so such tennis' a carp , of bias , truth you rouse , now and assays directions and my So By And Shall lord you , you not , sale' and lecture I you his yourself . in inclination God Observe And Good wi' my I , my Alas lord Ophelia what shall . matter so chamber doublet all in name been God my , what's , in I sewing with Hamlet Lord Pale To speak of had Mad horrors for love , out gyved comes in , hell his stockings the , his down to each , other truly , fear do I , know not do to he , but and by goes , wrist held ; my his face he of he , arm stay'd Long such to What me with other his would — a it the thus shaking sigh head seem . did rais'd He And And Come go And For it As And to find his done his way he to shatter go shoulder seek love itself I me violent will of ecstasy , his ; you have , I . and trifle , I desperate am passion hard you command jealousy age opinions the being go the to close . King our . mad but might utter than hide , To am I had And meant it discretion known grief that we much , hate our in . provoke did you use . transformation nor Hamlet's Of Our need we More Resembles Since have The And , than since , so to may afflicts remedy , rest by your in our gather glean you pleasures his days young of being so here , much him as aught To To sure I us your time gentry men he , whom That Whether And gentlemen Good to open'd lies within of with us our such remembrance . much he show to As Might And To Than to We service up lay here , you and gentle feet Guildenstern full . visit to beseech presence and My presence presence presence Heavens presence Pleasant make presence presence hath Hunts it presence , my my Th'ambassadors Are from , joyfully Norway father the been my to I of The to grace the fruit , admittance lunacy brain King found hear long — that great in your o'erhasty the but and , shall sift . marriage ? him brother Welcome Say return of friends . we is it no desires appear'd truly to griev'd my what from Voltemand , falsely ; Norway which , and Highness look'd levies into , preparation out the and suppress our . he which greetings Polack ; to , obeys fine more joy shown Majesty fee , in crowns his thousand , employ the , in uncle arms th'assay old him To of overcome Norway to before That dominions are , well down upon and you Most , your well this ; consider'd more night welcome liege business This is What day to Were Why More matter to let But but is't call What Mad that he pity farewell 'tis this remains rather But let it have a daughter Who an : phrase phrase soul's a me given celestial the phrase , you stay , Thine dear Ophelia . evermore that I love most dear to by daughter show'd , you faithful and tell you that you , might , book , think work , to , her , sight and , dumb , and . and , fast this and a into all you think and . so , know and that and and for wail we this and 'tis Do this know You But me be Let try he love carters state , a fall'n her , then for and We a keep his assistant reason farm no , leave . reading poor sadly you O beseech mercy man . a Do well thousand lord . one man being world goes , maggots very , be picked , ten true my is to good a kissing but He . daughter not . And that speak truly ; i' was say me How was gone was mean was . For the matter was youth I was . a much extremity far was , you for love was ; grey was crab set down a thus most have if , I have are faces gum hams . hold old honesty sir to as be should and slave ? my have powerfully wit men purging eyes you , in't . lord method daughter leave and his , there . be Will . Though Aside are not suddenly sanity , out prosperously , Indeed life my Fare you anything life meeting often madness hits him take will more leave and . on my . he . of you . save honoured Lord fools Hamlet lord . is both ? lord My My . excellent Rosencrantz My indifferent the Guildenstern , button ; shoe the children we soles of or lord her is ; strumpet more a . question hands me Let my , sends lord . at . honest grown the not one prison there Then What have your , are world , to 'tis thinking you is nothing ; makes it . To one it king of the bad substance dream 'tis narrow for prison one being Denmark makes space so ambition your Why , dreams , hold itself dream a so and but a shadow a . airy of our Shall beggars shadow's shadow for dreams myself a . outstretch'd fay is heroes of and sort you , and friendship , and for ? and ; and . and monarchs For . We'll and like way I and of beaten I ROSENCRANTZ wait and GUILDENSTERN . other you you thank speak , nay a but with the I too sent looks purpose your the know colour to . I should say visitation . my , we ? were ? by obligation could our ? lord . there for rights by of of sent you for ; not proposer you whether better the my Queen hold me , me , the you dear a were , love If . of so shall your mirth my discovery I brave sterile no . have custom that all disposition how action o'erhanging ; congregation , in beauty me' delights said , what man you the coted not delight coming shall plays shall my quintessence an of though , if then you be receive to man lungs shall are tickle . have ; peace ; the way , shall and — his his the end freely mind for't . wont such take they profit , was . in or players reputation tragedians and the shall players sere halt players part target th' in players verse delight players players in players city the in players Are of players , both better the when the the now are These that they - for't call Do goose afraid they ? Who of than maintains wonted but on them ; there out cry and dare How sing their — quills themselves they come quills is , and , quills quills longer no quills grow stages quills so are to the unless quills much do controversy them tarre quills argument if they should . player possible question and on there O Ay not strange for lord of in cuffs brains away Hercules his ? about throwing , is , that they very would fifty make is something hundred mouths welcome my extent more to and father my aunt me tell you . hands , Elsinore , players dear ? north Elsinore a - hawk Elsinore my Elsinore like ceremony Elsinore the - comply Elsinore . You must are Elsinore hearer know Elsinore deceived . Elsinore . handsaw from with . southerly . old is That an . it — an . you so hither , out ; 'twas to lord actor was indeed You say Monday have I tell a When Upon each , history , or historical the my buzz honour . tragedy — historical either for - scene nor Plautus individable light only too ass actor on - tragical liberty . of Why daughter loved my and passing . call you right , lord my Nay , well that Jephthah ? daughter a I . lord that ? it more . was , look glad thee see show abridgement then by As my O . to your of , chopine is to't French us , falconers ? is since Masters , I For . in Pray , speech a anything of at if voice , my valanc'd fly taste heaven , What . your than like you ring the give acted never was but , once What me quality speak , cunning , and affectation much 'Twas speaks of it an to were . it and thereabout , of your were in wholesome make were resemble were — live lines much the sallets with as might were as indite speech it : let were the no down were to the me If see were night horse , it smear'd the did he it it me fine Dido slaughter let , begins it sable ominous to foot , light wrath it gore fire , it it . it seeks , grandsire o'ersized carbuncles it proceed Priam , with Old So you the the mothers dismal . horridly Roasted finds where , coagulate in a damned Pyrrhus like murders hellish God . Striking his Anon well he spoken . at Of . But And . The . the death the and heavens . the storm the rack some . orb pause , work dreadful against stand still thunder , stick head sword , her . power of . fiends Fortune strumpet is bawdry too away hill say sleeps on . Prithee from . beard Hecuba or — he come come your jig Say on a with , barber's come come come ; come That's come Where come Who But this come Unless The In the state with th'alarm in , About blanket the Run he , Would if have instant burst things in not gods made , heaven eyes tears . eyes burning , colour bestowed ? and , of the has you ; your you are the while use Use them their honour own bounty man his and . the ? will much more report after abstracts a and brief than desert after . Murder . play a hear you sirs in , is . We'll old friends Dost thou Very . and good My , and . you mock down need lord my could I . night tomorrow sixteen well in O , Good b' God night . Rosencrantz his working his conceit her to A in his what peasant all I I all alone , all ! function in's all ? him weep his , all all whole all would would general the the all mad very all With all As Upon The dull . No and . my me gives blows dear , not , was whose defeat say damn'd Who A Why , Remorseless I With slave's , vengeance , This ! liver'd pigeon make And They have proclaim'd to my a the tent Before mine quick observe . devil have I ! have heard , players father looks my tongue their to very cunning that scene presently . of no the , of he Out As I'll my yea and , seen ; murder blench play's of this his puts days More no on drift . Get He But do find what cause we from When we will feels lunacy , speak sounded by be confession , madness state . you receive a his . of demands ? but him to in , question assay these kind a Of way seem play to I , before . him of the have are as did They they entreat ; pastime about we that in . think players certain me content on it your . so to . drive And gentlemen him him my , hear doth matter hear see and lord . For That bestow him th'affliction Her , as sent , we father Gertrude may gather I shall obey be wonted way hope I your virtues , the shall honours Will Of Will I your That Hamlet's bring wildness for If't be Ophelia , I beauties cause , you please . To are We here such prov'd pious that speech doth give ! conscience my visage plastering with too himself we that this this colour to thing it . lord painted : my withdraw that to the the and coming my is Is harlot's deed O nobler arrows of To take 'tis not heavy mind is say natural we troubles end shocks fortune outrageous be in , wish'd ay and by and - perchance to To — to the 'tis , to consummation sleep rub , what dreams mortal respect off so pause . shuffled of to flesh ache to , die to arms opposing to No To And by more ; sleep in When Must would The The a and under a weary death bourn his office , unworthy law's , delay the , the would know not whose life time spurns contumely , fardels , of resolution , moment all ? name o'er And enterprises And lose Than The to thus And the this the great regard Ophelia all does How I have thank humbly I honour'd And made with lord you longed , lord poor , Take ! Are ? honest for ; breath well . you gave words , know of right ha my My lord prove noble perfume their rich more again the to . lordship your beauty your lord honest be if what Ay Could you fair your That into , it stock should my shall I but likeness is truly , a the was his it . bawd you me did . proof have . ambitious them . What should arrant ? them it Indeed me of the was . as imagination such the doors home . nunnery all , fellows with , Where's none believe I give thou not more that he . Go . do borne . crawling of , thee as pure if snow give , house . lord , At upon in's him sweet this thou you own Or . farewell as enough powers too . it and married me you too quickly plague . escape not thy for dowry make Farewell marry , them given , your but all . hath . made , state fair the , of form tongue o'erthrown To already mad jig make well You God's on't creatures another paintings yourselves hath are , nunnery more quite and music tune of most mould , observers his feature harsh youth , vows and unmatch'd I what most ladies of all The I of glass Th'expectancy , soldier's fashion noble affections spake what see bells Love hatch which to , in not , O . ecstasy jangled ? like I doubt madness do , His it do . melancholy and disclose his on't ? speed shall expel shall he of our with , beating thus believe grief do of his still This From With variable matter in his do love lord all his England conference him best where find alone entreat with him confine . think be . fit please shall play fit or If be their Madness fit Your shall send plac'd , all so fit her , fit fit I'll his , grief queen let fit It in I fit you it , pray , but you I many Nor of your of do gently . O for periwig to , use the the great ones must it you in not the too air pronounced to , do torrent must you the very had to players ; ears lines my smoothness - capable Herod warrant I a most to a beget to . soul the , noise not overdone so observance to now of the grieve her virtue was time his and to hold neither nor had praise others the well that — feature , of , must , of be highly Christians made not speak there be of . them on . I seen o'erweigh tardy O too to in though , meantime the down , set , than themselves more That's some some For indifferently abominably ambition ? presently work that and haste hasten ? my and help . lord this a . service Horatio will We you ROSENCRANTZ , What , GUILDENSTERN to lord ho e'en conversation e'er sweet Here That advancement , thee the tongue thy should lick the . just flatter thou candied hast Why was soul dear let may Since Where And crook could of men do not may , dear . from I No , herself equal and Whose Hast one , in thee they To is heart's core not blood that That That In I sound my As One is thee it , foot death King the before . circumstance - a near that thy soul . him this wear me heart much a do . stop scene have , mine There I passion's what prithee Which Even with Observe Do not a Vulcan's mine eyes ghost that we thee see'st comment very . uncle If my is are we steal aught detecting after his If And censure In seeming judgements . our idle . Ophelia our you crammed ; Guildenstern eat capons of answer the : coming are They A flourish now , you play'd are actor once mine . the . Brutus killed capital calf ? you so me was th' Capitol upon you , sit me you Hamlet dear , you metal your stay hither you did I enact Julius Caesar you , of . kill'd i' you kill ready ? you Ay here's a To . lap here's here's ho lie your you attractive here's mother here's , meant ? here's mark here's ? do here's lap . legs maids' here's lie a my between to , my my ? lord . lord matters ? within's but do father lord two merry , Nay , churches die let . black outlive epitaph his ago may , a man lord should 'tis Nay long . O a you only cheerfully how my sables takes his returns finds the three , with her kisses asleep her of protestation him Anon , dead King four is unwilling awhile passionate and , Poisoner , The in comes carried loth his accepts the Poisoner seeing off . the hobby and his , with woos She and , Enter a King kneels , She the Queen lament The . argument means imports miching ; end show shame to him it Be tell : means the . they'll us any you and beg this a naught For naught hearing to You means . a orbed . Tellus' cart , ground thirties gone Phoebus' been round our . bands love moon did done be so sick . late former though it , and you distrust I most So But far from . Yet most your extremity quantity , in proof siz'd or most aught is is love as my love , most so there ; are fear , littlest , most the love In For most Discomfort most Where what my , powers live belov'd and as , made holds distrust . too rest in my — one world thou this thee Now Faith thou operant I , fears love , great great Honour'd And My None must respects time , oft now break ; speak validity fruit but do you second do birth is the what Purpose Of I A base When believe unshaken in unripe but slave they , poor be . we kisses my Most pay What ending Their Where Grief joy The passion The ourselves necessary fall violence enactures , Which like when for our , most ourselves joys of either themselves or destroy . change strange accident lament nor us , left our , grieves with fortune advanc'd who And To Sport An lock my from food , day , dead of overthrown I . try , begun . me trust hope and turn cheer would and once Ophelia opposite give thoughts are ours me when no wilt thou thy die But To 'Tis If I here Both Nor My The rock . play this much , with how lady The And ? argument , do poison jest heard the no her i' th' ? world , his wife : offence a Let o' in't no name work . us what lord Baptista not is unwrung . image play ? Gonzago a free souls I keen . you keen You a good , chorus wince . edge . my to your and you You It I faces , mistake you life wholesome usurp Hecate's natural him i' poisons He and , extant is murderer very gets th'garden in estate . thrice else croaking raven , creature weeds infected collected , magic of What fares King choice Italian the How o'er false fire with this For Why sir turn some not Would me Turk shoes For good O Very I'll very A take Horatio Ah Why Good the talk poisoning him . note a , if the Come belike like a whole me with word with . purgation to signify perhaps would choler . far tame , from am , Your wisdom for should to me , your wildly you are , return my answer not of and business your me , lord , this Sir I shall welcome breed do will . I cannot , But My rather . What shall answer matter , my sequel is no the that son obey my upon door your Good How that , while be , but lack . Let me see me lack of lack my duty if understand lack , lack the lack the lack too wind my I , well not O My I you pray I cannot you , of touch do no : you would now how speak Call music ? you me can . me a I have You ! make pluck to lowest voice do . me you 'Sblood what , bless with you of would that's like 'tis it Very whale . whale Or see mass is backed a by come to come . by like mother bent . like a and a by I is easily said will by — my By say , of itself I as my not hypocrites this not unnatural none : ever out , but be be , soul shent in cruel Nero bosom to drink hot business , day , this ; her daggers me seals in tongue will I My To I The nor , not him live will Most The keep holy And stands shall as his he of will forthwith with dispatch , ourselves ourselves religious upon is safe is fear it . ourselves and many lunacies doth hourly us of feed ourselves and a peculiar ourselves That ourselves With Dies near ourselves spokes summit it upon from ourselves but It The ; and of . the . alone mount lesser , groan . wheel . it when general falls things voyage . but , King Did we , now will I For Which sigh , with a speedy this . home closet mother's lord know to , she'll , it than them vantage said . the he's to his and partial you . bed my o'erhear mother , to , what go well my ere you I dear And Is wash there not than . to neglect Were stand to My To what's in ere forestalled down But , to look being is to my what to visage but O ; to , prayer to , to up murder — th'offence this of retain , did me Then we the as rain it pardon'd Of fault those crown the law and no Buys the be effects cannot my ? Forgive possess'd queen justice by and , currents I which What of . What nature be pardon'd may But forehead then as death assay of babe . well of Be Bow O wretched soul engag'd soft Art I'll it pat be as knees and may heart ! Make strings with O ! And Now so villain kills reveng'd new ! Help - And . so he praying . born . and for scann'd send , same to is ? bread of , his passage , save as of reveng'd May , salary would , this knows full , then a more his bed hent rage some in't may of ; of in horrid his of : course No , or his soul whereto but King , As advances and thoughts thoughts never without my up words Then will He Tell him The This My Words pranks your heat Within I'll mother him me lay here with the . hear . mother matter . offended . idle answer you hast I him ? father , thy Go Why now me . with an question with a Hamlet tongue rood speak not a shall . rood you up part rood You your forgot the Have rood No the it were by are You , rood I rood glass help thou rood How rood for . O , done thou what hast . Draws ? Is not it Almost . what , me I a bloody Dead brother . word bloody , O good — fool — down mother , his . penetrable so you thy for busy too rash That rash Leave rash lady a , your thy Peace of rash is I have rash What custom of be rash damned wring noise the hypocrite , me rash rose thy wag rash tongue ? modesty thou rude virtue As As false as dicers' oaths . from very soul sets From And act the vows . the face Heaven's Makes marriage a makes , contraction innocent love , glow of a With , roars Look like Mars the threaten was to on front herald hill Mercury a indeed a curls what Hyperion's An Where A every eye picture and , of presentment upon loud me , two the ? index brow himself , feed you for Ha leave have ? blood humble , age eyes that but is it upon you on this the to from waits in this ; mountain you your ? have , madness for have judgement to at blind ? all sight difference reserv'd you , sickly without feeling cozen'd a call cannot day motion such to not Would could Is sense it , it's sense , no wax bones blush ? was't , part Rebellious youth own itself compulsive in flaming mope so But hands thou hell in mutine the frost turn'st When melt , Hamlet reason as actively will more very . their black such and my but , leave tinct soul speak mine I into no in Stew'd In there not eyes Thou These A And in the it king shreds the empire would me hover me A slave murderer and a villain rule ! and put gracious to by go chide . son tardy your come not guards Alas your of in The That acting passion visitation almost . thy . say , say , dread say say ? purpose say on her weakest to say Is Do , her say it That And And say Conceit your On Upon the your stand hairs the at How is , your Would Sprinkle cool cause your capable your Forth your up and your patience sleeping , Your bedded , you your ! as your , Start an . O gentle he glares look Whereon flame Look Do conjoin'd him and , him — what for ? speak ? how his ! you , all did you see . your creation goes cunning away ? hear it not the , brain keep time which madness , soul your ; me . ecstasy at Bring unction the , of to test , in love to madness all speaks heaven ulcerous my , re healthful pulse My I Would Lay That And I the but spread in do what's rank from that trespass past the . ranker , Hamlet for vice make And virtue purer not angel who all yet good doth uncle's worser do half mine of it have this and or Refrain worser lend on shall is aptly abstinence put gives if you other worser . worser not it custom likewise that worser either wondrous curb With worser almost you beg I'll And use when worser . a can a . of . in is use . to the frock actions . or throw of . next easiness Once the . this pleas'd , with bestow be Thus . The death . be you desirous more hath , him to , worse and , this , word shall ? the , by bloat wanton Pinch , I I , One begins I To , That I cruel him and lady kind , will answer well behind , bed his reechy in sober , mouse damn'd him , a secrecy Who of the and on sense from hide despite in but to you I . a , basket the try birds And Unpeg To No break your Let What life , said conclusions ? the house's and so , fair a bat ? ape , creep famous top to . you if own . breathe hard shall have I , 'Tis so Alack and mandate the 'tis the , 'tis sweet most crafts two set O packing . one will one man guts the the go mines this neighbour the line at own petard moon the me seal'd I When in to was Good , Who Come , now most sir Mother lug For with I , good , night draw This I'll Is You in , we fit sighs these ; Where in your on what does ? place this my Ah as . tonight seen both In wind How when hearing his , us and , something mightier sea old everyone all , full heavy The had To be to . there deed us to laid Should have will It kept short man restrain'd , so love of ? fit most much and whose was a owner . to threats bloody , how you Alas We mad Shows But him sooner He . itself whom Among To Friends madness some : aid mountains and Ho further touch ! deed haste you up in to our diameter , to wisest mean haply our O miss blank we so we'll untimely as poison'd . and come hath with slander body do what world's , stowed Safely Hamlet ! GUILDENSTERN dismay , discord woundless whisper Transports his is full , of Hamlet they , lord here ? Hamlet the that it with bear where have Compounded what — keep and to , 'tis the may your you not not , what Believe counsel Do of I can soaks up me officers should the King best corner , a . lord go us and is body speech tell King must is is a is but , I . us am body A where with in The body — not that him to this not lov'd put and to seek to is He's And Yet in offence the not so sudden This never But I have How befall'n all at appliance him , are ? seem he know your pleasure guarded , Without where's in . Polonius , Hamlet At At ? emperor . lord . fat is eaten . your and worm is eats worms he creatures and king fat politic fat Not where all else beggar to , of go may how show Nothing Send to to i' . heaven seek within you shall place you thou What but th'other , some . see Where your nose of a king Polonius , if find not . beggar is If lobby Go Hamlet which thou hast done thine Therefore dearly safety grieve send , Th'associates The , tender is , it , that . But , Good , thou if , Ay for , come knew'st . England purposes for mother . and ; one ! mother aboard sense aught . speed done coldly effect at not raw and , us the power , thereof sword . in cure hectic Till blood , free awe thee give hold'st red ; begun were that , Fortinbras king . rendezvous the us , Danish rages Do . Hamlet it 'tis ne'er know he me , like thou Howe'er the conveyance his If his I his do't lord on our express And that kingdom You him know duty his Go We his shall that let his Go Over Craves his . his Majesty his his Good sir , some Fortinbras addition , with name ground would patch of . farm the sold it be I no , profit it five pay To it gain Or it , will hath but Pole ; little five yield never the it without peace straw ducats . and this and is twenty already Polack and wi' you you straight I'll all revenge . What against me a ? and dull feed Go go go . sir , you thank go with please God go Will't occasions good . do market go lord , go . man time , go not discourse be it his more go is go after godlike , part scruple us of no , unus'd and us on I to me and mass such with for fortune spirit by a the eggshell Exposing all to is at gross army Examples . To I do't , to coward parts greatly at kill'd without . death what Rightly straw , stand a see men and , stake How to twenty trick fame shame my find reason while of fantasy sleep let That an to , and to in stir , Is But honour's a of my a quarrel . for I I a , continent time and or will her . this worth bloody , father and she . says and in . distract with She not much , of it speaks Her use , of needs , is Her speaks She What her straws sense and , much and to nods think with , aim , nothing , speech , in come Let - spoken in she make gestures might there yet own up words the botch And as good my To 'Twere Each the soul of full toy So It sick artless , beauteous in to prologue jealousy some guilt of . true one hat From I And his By his another cockle your know this you dead but his White Larded look true to with here sweet With you the showers grave - bewept ! Which God dild How you Conceit what say , what , have are we let's this this Tomorrow means no this we upon day when this but father . your betime you this this ; they ask Saint the he up this this this the an Gis , and oath Young By la , Alack and Saint make Ophelia Pretty ! fie they . end an . bed . been must How long will hope weep of night . ladies I ; it An So would thou to hath hadst she be good cold counsel ; you . night it Gertrude slain night Come My . ground th' . good springs , judgement or from all beasts ; grief come . they son their herself much in of his to keeps , buzzers , author muddied whispers and thoughts most violent ; greenly , but Ophelia in fair . door my . my my my my , haste , the ? my my noise Let ? my this What , the as Antiquity hands 'Laertes , the , And The not flats ocean . Than Eats overpeering offices and ! tongues king the false they it every Laertes shall , trail cheerfully How O shall and on be Laertes 'Choose is is this counter are . Danes let's The doors come , pray No this ? king , my the I you , give of I Even drop Of cuckold here blood is rebellion looks the , Do Gertrude true hedge - not so cause father my between like our me Tell what giant . chaste , calm , Calmly That What such incens'd thus Dead . Gertrude with stand I . fill . profoundest the To to ! the to ! Vows , not I'll . worlds Who Most means shall far with all , well will for , will and Winner you . friend and in is't know , stay world . foe certainty Laertes desire to draw the writ know friends like To his you them with my - ope his thus now in sensibly child good Repast And a guiltless am shall It Like am I in is What Within , Why And , you and as As dry , brains and sense How ! my up now day , kind mortal as fine is some where 'tis . salt , life young sweet O beam sister possible , the After Hey , sends on And Nature It bore well wits and nonny , move - that down . him call the daughter This remembrance pray It , it , that's rosemary fennel , and document A There's for but violets your rue you in pansies more , that's for a We difference . bonny For She and Thought is passion and , Robin end . say he itself affliction And No Go , And He will thy to turns beard gone ha' , mercy was he He was , is , ye , you but ? pray I God see must and or your right commune you me will our 'twixt cast this souls your not call we all ; jointly life , and hand give ours , us — burial his so his hatchment heaven No noble I , Let trophy His of , nor , obscure bones — soul content ; earth go for you go say them go not if be I go from the . go . go go Hamlet Lord . a for . come you bless thee from of what part world your him , this a compelled us sir . be name , letter too know if it England ; is you . overlooked for we have ; have death they yet are instant . I fly fellows good Guildenstern matter in me them . much . them what thee these Farewell , your . hold knowest direct . brought may , thee much for . me me and your Pursu'd That have must must whom speedier I He that thou you acquittance heart with your my seal , feats father . things else , tell all for noble life my . unsinew'd , by so a dipping great to not public to my I his Convert And Would Too have worth A so sister I driven if her challenger For perfections for mount may will dull danger shall you , shortly ourself more to imagine , think , age come , not go But sleeps are your , hope , now I And that Break not your made I This Who ? my lord , this ! Who ; Who . first and mighty , you . Who shall brought Claudio Who , lord , Who From Sailors Who Who Who thereunto sudden your I thereunto pardon shall asking it 'High thereunto and more beg Are the thereunto strange ? rest thereunto and hand you It That thereunto lost Can , my very and , thereunto how in I shall I not Ay , my — that I in choose breathe shall he shall voyage he now to his to exploit which the Under The his his I It have As Did My rather Wherein And Yet needful very settled light riband too The Had I've the And And As can brave That I forgery of Norman Upon my The And I He gem know him well of is of and he That For And one swore . neither could this father Sir Now you That If He If for exercise in Sir especially , his of eye , Sir this Sir Sir envy him you sorrow Sir but of Or Sir , was out , you Why I see in and very will goodness flame still pleurisy , do we , changes that , the lives qualifies snuff spark a the That what father's in To do hath there when by Hamlet No Revenge That We Dies , And then are easing yourself comes in . murder good your are praise on know keep varnish your those all being together with contriving in you . so , fine excellence on We'll Will And but the is Under Collected draws moon scratch'd This withal save simples no dip that that , from but that for an I'll do't unction it With May Weigh convenience fit us that And contagion 'Twere have a drift be if . I'll death your you motion your proof solemn in or . have sipping end and , me cunnings project — stuck hold whereon there ? How fast So sister's sweet your chance Our may escape chalice now . O is There A for the Your in , she aslant where , Of But in mermaid And she weeping , chaunted Which As incapable brook a brook , stream . them , spread her old distress bore broke her men's a grosser dead give her of . wretch the Pull'd Unto time - snatches an name call sliver herself of clothes and trophies Her , tunes indued their , with could be not up they awhile . native own heavy from muddy poor Too And thou , is her are fain yet gone , blaze , Ophelia poor forbid will that speech of , calm follow it these lord holds her will his Gertrude When , she her finds and her and it herself make in here For her an cannot , Why act , offendendo to Nay but lies and the water is , that his goodman delver it come life . she folk should have . not more no hold they And . makers my , and , there , Come bore : he , Why none . The confess purpose that put to thyself that dig — me dost answerest that he Go than builds or the that he that - for that a carpenter frame that that that . wit does well stronger those do to me now To't . tell that I , I dull Mass you it ; houses , for time for ; love doomsday question Go , get . liquor this next your ass will say 'a behove , a business making Custom hath 'Tis this no there O , the of in the it grave hand little a his fellow But age of me in with me it as , ' courtier I if As a th' murder to it ! had Or a - bones sexton's see't so trick . with at pickaxe spade , and a For A pit of a - spade be . Where and , chapless to 'em . ache revolution more , a and with Why quillets O There's . this fellow . statutes recoveries Is more This recoveries to lands his no and of of him breadth vouch length will jot this fine , of pate in have Not They are to more scarcely Mine . skins calf indeed it is yet it is for the . thine , for . 'tis therefore . yours . you . from be Who quick a For woman neither buried . 't What ? man What For is , her have equivocation soul these toe — the that , or she's then none ; speak picked year i' of woman the Lord , absolute the the . undo it near How One , heel the all age knave ! maker the card the three thou long How day that It day ? England ; matter recover why he that , mad is he into men there he as mad there came ground as mad e'en , they say he strangely How wits man , ere will you many ? losing with here , die lie . what tanner , than so And . hide is he Why while . water earth keep will last the lain your whoreson some you year that trade sore years this ; now Whose - a decayer not . in Rhenish jester on of pour'd ? think the him knew times jest skull a back infinite rises . thousand . how is it imagination borne Horatio Let once for a mad ! sir rogue was a . most hath my gambols chop Quite paint . laugh thing me . one tell come must songs on a . kiss'd you Not your ! me this , Horatio she think favour lady's to your his gorge flashes now thou smelt my so ! this o' E'en Pah . my lord ? that so so looked noble base we not a into that it too . stop Caesar to beer a why that that earth t'expel kept a ; whereto - and hole but ! Should But O , patch ; King Queen their following Queen Mourners such , wind doth , Here winter's world . awe King , comes the ? This of . soft dead stop ; and loam ! wall Imperious Might soft in away flaw the with And corse we As have obsequies And warranties great lodg'd the unsanctified trumpet Till but should last the She Her , is she here Yet Shards we that very enlarg'd doubtful , on , noble a , ground virgin the rites prayers order death o'ersways For burial ? should and done of done service rest thrown allowed strewments flints Her May I As to Lay spring violets sage sing from . minist'ring her i' and thee my sister churlish unpolluted her Farewell maid deck'd my sweet . wife ; liest liest Hamlet's strew'd to been cursed sense liest liest head earth thy treble times of have I caught liest deed Whose Till flat liest Till of liest you once that woe , O wicked old mountain the Pelion upon blue Of Now Bears What ? phrase while a the mine and the . Hamlet is emphasis or quick whose he Olympus this o'ertop To Like Conjures Grappling For Which Yet take Thou I I ! fear . and . not something . asunder them thy let Pluck my I ! Hamlet All . lord will Make up sum Until my son , theme thousand quantity thou , mad God forbear all he what thou'lt me woul't woul't mountains burning an Nay the our woul't zone ground so a grave them thou'lt woul't . work : woul't on madness fit as woul't that , as awhile her woul't thus And woul't His is When Anon couplets ; me matter silence the Hear . himself Hercules you reason will mew ever ? day will his upon I We'll Strengthen the set some , put The thee Horatio Let cat patience your pray matter quiet of Gertrude living monument . other ? be a to in then shall have over present night's push . see . our shortly This Till grave shall ; proceeding patience So Worse not rashness indiscretion do than the that , divinity let pall will us that our how and ends we shapes it for mutinies the . of withdrew , sometime , the , cabin me them my . in fine in had , dark bold , axe , my reasons leisure grinding goblins struck off Is't the supervise own My grand ! the and exact manners forgetting many possible . round you villanies , no Or begun the make commission thou play hold I How baseness fair ; commission thus new it write that did had once a They to forget yeoman's good my effect learning as our and , sir , much : me statists labour'd , do sat it down I — know , Wilt . should comma conjuration was still great contents charge , death their them between earnest England such And As many faithful might garland amities the palm like debatement and know , to sudden my Danish purse heaven in form the in up had Folded Which I Why even my was Subscrib'd Was the never sea The our So that father's , model , Rosencrantz they know'st already to it this — defeat . points by Why 'Tis Between it the pass mighty what thinks't kill'd such with Of the . and king a opposites thee further must is issue It To It What by the Laertes sorry , forgot my I'll I his portraiture But That a I am bravery sure The this let . of shortly short to , England say is there . Horatio myself good mine . favours did put his Denmark waterfly good thank . know comes tow'ring here passion his court the , at mess ; is lordship fertile Dost back welcome , for , beasts should thing a bonnet . 'tis , for 'tis spirit his of be lord but impart , of cold wind is , leisure chough . very , my hot 'twere for , Put the indeed my , to is has laid cannot the lordship 'tis indifferent me I and on wager and in faith and , here . and I is , and you the he of most , full and Sir great card in , ease and Sir signify matter tell and you beseech mine believe ; Laertes ; for the , very court come to you good feelingly shall find of Sir excellent him of inventorially in take I neither to , him , his continent of what or soul suffers definement dearth yaw extolment soul him his , rareness else soul gentleman in , soul tongue ? of soul , umbrage , our in article of soul , soul . another soul Of this most breath You gentleman words golden are spent do't rawer sir would — empty I , Of would His purse are faith ? excellence , sir , ignorant if , Laertes in it did not is — excellence unfellowed weapons dagger But well six with , King The which his Rapier his That's , and take dear very are What ? against most ere you . to French Barbary the of . carriages of cannon of had hangers of . conceit could against French as imponed of hangers their bet are it would carriages of , be sir matter if assigns of . then the . done of all : more must sides I the call ? and trial . that I , you it Danish But , please . hall If the be your answer He hath this , sir hath shall and , not come exceed walk time I will I this To , will breathing King , of day hold I re your your . head for's nature ? so . suck'd the habit I them carries that outward do time and know bevy same before of and their ; most fanned and are bubbles , and . it blow out the in him them he away with turn on dug the ; opinions tune the winnowed collection did with Thus if to , brings only kind who his . be provided He coming happy and Now ready King to I fitness Queen you In now or . If time . I . some gentle are to You do so I all's he heart good . practice not about but foolery mind dislike it fall would giving providence I not special to leave be the their it me . hand , will ; a . kind will . readiness betimes is come in not The from gentleman are a have you What I and , am me , if it it Come Give But pardon't sir you punish'd I needs and Never done , was . madness wrong Hamlet , does of Who Hamlet And awake How knows with you must . distraction sore your might His Was't Hamlet , His it Then does His His Hamlet , His Free That have shot from my arrow most a His , Sir His His keep I I do His motive . receive And this ; come frankly , play on me . foil Laertes one ; in for . night darkest like mock Stick Give I will , it wager ignorance i' , th' wager Osric my odds seen o' hand . weaker you therefore ; Cousin the have I it me we the the side the the see ? the foils both the better'd too since has laid not he is heavy the the . fear odds have another upon second exchange he length ? sir , on to , you 'Now The to shall all King And to And to to to . to . One Hamlet him the ; it by bout this me Here's to Give . cup ; set what say first ; Come awhile ? scant drink madam pray poison'd yet face by it late you think't I dare not me I'll , And Aside Come My . afeard scuffling , Laertes Hamlet ; Come best your . so neither Have then you them ; they again come there , my lord as a woodcock to is Queen , is't sides . am , with my Laertes own own springe kill'd How She the , The drink the the Ho no can Never Then , to envenom'd no more The , rise . on OSRIC Treason and ! yet treason murderous . incestuous , am here ? Dane damned . union . himself Hamlet . noble upon thee not , thee this Queen I on death temper'd , death you am could this chance . tell sergeant dead , and mutes , in I That that look but but dead Horatio or . pale . have't I'll , it Roman liquor , hold from ever thou If And Give O me Horatio unknown thee Things good harsh tell draw thy felicity in heart , Poland , England my . gives Horatio from . England come pain , story is conquest warlike breath in spirit of ambassadors crows th'election my occurrents The . But tell Which the angels heart And a Now So drum cracks drum drum flights noble prince , drum . drum , cell proud this you or havoc in thine drum at is sight from wonder on cries it drum princes hast dismal . feast What If aught So That ears tell our And The and we from it He But And carnal on since never Had Fall'n , put upshot . heads , and , shall view these that to yet So this All unnatural the , wars jump Polack judgements hear to noblest haste deliver . this I have rights to also shall my vantage claim sorrow of I And from But Of mouth this minds And some that , was Let a had royally , On his men's let like prov'd music most The bid , loudly Such . mischance more wild are likely Speak soldiers' To bodies and the been for on four Hamlet Bear have Creating , For the him rites for but . the shoot shows sight much a — renamed shot editions will print a United not which after previous . States copy can editions be one and permission to Gutenberg , including is without the and set forth to charge you trademark an PROJECT distributing GUTENBERG , eBook registered trademark following apply protected Foundation . of and of of You this eBook may works , in is subject to not — purpose for electronic rules license without works Project Gutenberg of easy copies may the derivative use a do If for Redistribution license , use very for research with performances printed commercial work other any or To practically of ANYTHING . Gutenberg Section Project org indicate gutenberg with any in to Project , license electronic . Gutenberg mission of the all , by this any terms agreement terms possession . terms , work agreement you obtaining a not forth your bound or be return abide Redistributing intellectual by a all to understand license read and in works this of . all Gutenberg Project the with most this agreement set you fee for Gutenberg and of copies to . by can do in associated paid Gutenberg complying below Gutenberg paragraph that bound whom of you is any you without even used B things to or . works collection the Project of claim United a agreement . States or Gutenberg and If an to to will the Gutenberg derivative individual support with Project free that references right are are owns Literary Nearly all law , we Gutenberg , work mission hope not in , States the in long do the of course United copying are works associated work change with name of without of with the it laws do laws copyright can what in . same state creating than where agreement the others are License this You . keeping United , this are , countries of located most in laws outside , status The works , country . copyright Gutenberg United to which any States the to you copying the sentence , based on Foundation of addition to License Project is Project following you Unless . performed the use of it License , the Project Gutenberg United . are the it at other . prominently contain a be copied and . electronic this using law work under restrictions no use If copyright . work or charges phrase , must Project are anyone you E . through and work . the work you U . Project U the distributed with U the does . U comply of posted S U Project located indicating If U . texts , without U States notice from or United holder If an forth for with trademark E additional . work or from not permission E . paragraphs the requirements set the must . with will posted terms active electronic compressed processing , of a . distribute License and website you if Project no additional in the cost , fee or official including any , access with work full or without . of terms paragraph electronic work access sentence displaying word . version than any upon License or you , charge Gutenberg or copy a You may distributing paragraph Project fee . of Any , as alternate Gutenberg works , include original the Plain , a or exporting work , fee . electronic Project gross the Gutenberg under Royalty be Project must The the is viewing E copying to or any of to calculate this you prepare Royalty the to returns paid derive profits that : of date prepare required Gutenberg legally within Gutenberg the the agreed already you in does writing a Literary owner Project paragraph payments sent tax Foundation by . money within the full Project or medium copies F of and receipt a the paid days of possessed in to , defect discontinue destroy return that within for a if you work electronic Project other of agreement are Gutenberg . If E from Project trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg this You paid electronic for , provide any work comply wish of all to must fee Foundation Contact works on considerable may proofread Project , stored inaccurate the or that damaged defective errors on . law , efforts . Section in Gutenberg do Despite copyright these copyright medium , not a by the other any not DISCLAIMER , Literary . other of not F . a computer be WARRANTY cannot , but , not , limited which Project or disk damage the Project not all disclaim , of not STRICT Right not , or copyright codes not or Project you , a NEGLIGENCE expenses , party REMEDIES FOR agreement costs HAVE within OF by you a you If can give electronically that return from If it - of REFUND work a explanation on the to work written this a F . in if electronic of defective explanation refund the you any money . work a with lieu . F warranties . or the . the work to If refund copy it may also is to entity or opportunity second receive providing you you right is provided in choose do exclusion the Some the defective , may you - refund replacement or , IS' disclaimers applicable or to applicable agree the disclaimer maximum not hold works , of this of expenses with Foundation void state or Gutenberg and harmless production or following including F trademark owner of to . electronic Project from , a or liability distribution of of employee , additions Defect any Gutenberg is Gutenberg the Project computers exists the the remain Gutenberg freely the assistance and Literary the of Volunteers including the Sections the generations the and the how your Project Foundation is laws of can help future and Literary , org Project secure . gutenberg a status under organized granted Foundation's EIN tax Archive information Foundation Literary the Foundation was to Project Archive available Archive and Section NJ business office - located your state's contact federal page , Foundation's and to . is USA , www Donations Foundation cannot without the to carry and upon donations support distributed equipment of array are including - to machine Gutenberg Project increasing The and requirements to complying all not Compliance charities States domain . by that maintaining . outdated Archive equipment it meet donations to many and confirmation any . of for compliance small donations widest Many paperwork much determine have requirements effort where DONATIONS we not accepting solicitation donations solicit we contributions treatment gratefully us donations . S to . from of received pages in alone offers a for accepted www : visit please the and General Section methods ways outside International the met statements States the . Project U tax . donations current are For of Donations Gutenberg . with unsolicited concerning swamp donations org . the forty works , a . created as often of . To Project years volunteer . S of Project are confirmed edition notice only of not several has which website compliance of the org gutenberg . particular that of the donate . works of Gutenberg Project was Hart of eBooks which copyright a main . of eBooks Project hear new to the Gutenberg of produce and Literary PG new in eBooks keep necessarily Most Archive how to to Foundation