answer , Nay Stand Stand . upon Stand come Stand Stand For Stand The Have this Well quiet . am do watch , bid Horatio to And Dane Marcellus , Who is Barnardo good . night Horatio , hath good . honest my Give O piece good ? you soldier place ! you , And this I have belief let . it of twice take our tonight ? night this this sight 'tis thing appear'd , of to . us him fantasy seen him says will may , That Well Barnardo all , from the of part burns yond made bell beating Marcellus westward . pole one , then comes again . where it . Look the King dead . myself that and t'illume that's thee it Mark , and , to . It It it Looks would me that Question art that fair art Thou the like Most like What Horatio with it , this majesty offended charge of usurp'st time I heaven is ? By the which In , not ! my God you something Horatio 'Tis , sensible and ! on't more Of Without mine own ! this How now ! speak will , What ! With twice When he He was armour by . had ice the ; combated on ? eyes thyself King to art the not Norway th'ambitious very at jump he , 'Tis when Polacks an in hour he me of , to our observant of most that opinion our watch not I scope Thus what Good Why , So Why Doth What foreign impress divide be night is't least Thereto this this the combat of ratified Well Dar'd For but , a in ; Did so forfeit , by which known who of the his by Fortinbras on even goes know prick'd Did Was he to Now our inheritance by stood most our by law emulate pride world our a and esteem'd his seal'd compact heraldry those had all the lands ; conqueror , moiety cov'nant return'd , young head land it , full resolutes , eye watch and our - this terms But by And So The the main our and preparations the in : figure the wars ; streets Julius the Rome , blood dead , state of e'en portentous . dews Roman the the with empire the preceding where voice , of grace and me to any be do Speak thee Which if Or For which , art there good any thou thou happily , treasure of Shall it if 'Tis ! majestical so violence mockery air show gone ! being invulnerable it We To And It 'Tis to offer is vain started that his the Awake then our fearful For is lofty . the shrill and in spirit hies the sea god summons . I sounding ever The Doth It faded say no then gracious hath and , heard hallow'd nor , singeth no planets . the dare that crowing and erring And object of probation . the comes celebrated of birth Saviour's is season , charm to it duty it him . know . conveniently , brother's it our and with woe ; whole nature , us befitted discretion discretion discretion kingdom , joy , barr'd discretion gone our we and dole eye and and with a , in discretion Yet far with sometime That we jointress as one With Have discretion With discretion He With , we to affair most ourself his valiant the uncle business Norway impotent , Now The full ; in , nephew's gait further , Out this his lists his subject Thus To with these and of , greeting to personal will , We Farewell dilated VOLTEMAND heartily What Dane Laertes ? you with , all , more further , To ; In now cannot lose us head The is Than And You told And You That your shall , of some What offer lord to willingly duty must and thoughts My Your Yet What them my ? What hard , show leave ; Polonius says France , cast too on dust must with nighted thine common noble ever like thy in that off kind , thy father all nature through . to is , thy , Why eternity ? not thy common thee thy I ; is it it If customary good mother , thy eye , thy , shows , I they are That all me truly haviour windy alone it particular of fruitful dejected ! Nay my suspiration cloak Seems Nor , Nor For No actions within trappings commendable duties to suits These man , Hamlet of show play , nature the passeth , a some for , It To Of But , know these and the that in mourning the your and lost father the , heaven course persevere unschool'd vulgar in Fie Why to fault To against whose a fault , heaven opposition , will a shows For must the . ' he still died today cried nature to as mind any should most be our impatient common ; theme hath , absurd fathers so As And Than of a We going retrograde dearest you is beseech you We We us his intent note to , We take , We . Hamlet prayers son our and to courtier We go you to her ; obey , lose with all in thy , pray Be as Madam and fair Hamlet ; madam a of reply . drinks . again tell Come shall bruit shall Denmark the the health and ourself This great my mother come Denmark loving accord , God today whereof . garden in ! come , this rank should so and God dew ! unprofitable not had uses 'tis this and not two , of the self , That — dead he face too king nay that seed months Possess That But two Fie Seem to it things ! the . O ! O to my much mother a loving it not the not satyr . Heaven hang a name woman shoes , reason she is wants discourse father's those ere — tears she think not A Niobe — beast followed my she with Why mine father , even grown and , earth ! were old body month uncle of my , post . tongue your . lord : your your , And your what Sir same or glad your see , poor The And my servant that your , my friend good your you see faith good my , with ? sir Wittenberg — even . funeral . depart wedding student see to drink deep fellow it mock do it was you what make Nor To yourself you truster your to I not teach shall do my ear But it I prithee My me , came my hard father ? Indeed my I , had Where take look , I coldly Thrift had my the tables Horatio my day forth My Or Would father mind's my Horatio . king . father My I for deliver these I may ! while gentlemen hear their the night , a you attent an In Appears slow Been For love , together Armed and oppress'd jelly speak impart they . solemn , stately truncheon's to - like A of they figure them Goes By before at Almost secrecy the with act whilst - dreadful deliver'd each , not both this was comes word I not where The the hands My thing But lord are the to It But Itself , honour'd lord of . troubles true . crew sight down 'tis it you , the and , do MARCELLUS you , Both sirs Arm'd my , my lord . up . Nay upon eyes ? anger ? there been . red very pale ? or constantly Most one While when saw't . hundred tell haste was grizzled might ? And A Perchance watch warrant will I assume peace . understanding your I Give the duty Upon I'll will it bid it father's person , all still , this sight , well and , fare ye not were , you . farewell well : will night is eyes men's . rise ! to . give , his of toy of youth a sweet suppliance trifling , but service nor not to will ; he loves temple you birth , do state choice ; depends circumscrib'd body he believe and may his list honour goes songs , treasure open sustain . loves withal no further Denmark ; particular of . moon enough my chaste ; sister affection prodigal danger and maid she you , Or The , the beauty canker Virtue unmask Fear Out before their , to Youth with lose your heart unmaster'd it the imminent . keep good do pastors else near heaven and . of this fear youth . my good . treads libertine to way thorny not ; brother , reckless , sail for with you . father ; leave my comes grace . There double There There There shame blessing your no . There . There There tongue , tried vulgar and thy his their thought with unproportion'd no soul thy hatch'd a th'opposed oft in they Are For loan to thy ; the nor both the to new - may but few of but ; quarrel thee voice : husbandry of edge borrower man's Costly not For as be take I do Most Farewell Thou And This And must canst a most select and friend man the and self own , not blessing above my season this to night be true ; day any in , your servants key memory said well . to have Ophelia , I , 'Tis the of , lock'd ? yourself of and most as hath me so way you he caution so time : you bethought late very the bounteous put — my tenders . Of my is As hath , He Pooh in perilous like circumstance call them the . truth girl . many . made a yourself should a true lord of you'll the tender wind me what for yourself hath importun'd — a phrase , the love . think ; tenders , know believe you do I Marry That Running And Ay , My you given almost tongue With springes When Lends Giving in You the vows , take not something Be more heat it your a Hamlet , young rate , he brokers are he is they few show , suits : for leisure forth bawds this moment is Lord the This . sanctified their unholy talk or so to that in charge The would Breathing words give , I better of mere I air is ; bites nipping a shrewdly it is No it it think not it Wherein heard , It ? now eager an and draughts his and spirit . this wont , mean to . lord - and it kettle he drains swaggering bray ? his pledge ; trumpet of Rhenish reels , his takes down custom native observance and east it am a , our indeed it particular swinish : nations custom tax'd tax'd west tax'd is other of though in it tax'd our Soil honour'd heavy the achievements and their , mole nature his choose wherein of tax'd men attribute they origin guilty tax'd tax'd , grace , corruption , defect evil a The . it ! substance own To all the , of airs thy father I spirit , with King To cast Hath Have Let That Be a Angels and ministers of or shape mean steel the , fools our reaches Wherefore ? to beyond So With thoughts , and ? hideous Making dead we of go to you , is As impartment . follow . my life what soul my do It by fee that it , the summit of cliff lord other base his you forth immortal . flood the sea horrible Think form brain the toys your puts ? of , sea . my not , cries many so looks That roar beneath it hears And Go on , waves rul'd makes you thee . this of thee fit desperate Heaven it Denmark . Have say heaven , away not him Something Nay , rotten ; follow him I'll Speak ? go . almost up , render Alas not , I am revenge thou shalt hear , spirit the . lightest prison But to to to . blood young thy whose thy Till thou word their to done walk unfold in . to upon thou unfold Make up eyes combined ; soul Thy flesh didst unfold , blazon . O unfold unfold unfold Revenge and and And knotted quills But thy father not . be , list O list must , love murder ! most know't most Murder unnatural . swift it , thoughts love . as death whole . out stung ; that Now by not That A serpent me , forged sting know did wears my ! that his , witchcraft , incestuous uncle serpent seduce of , With Upon her in marriage ; poor mov'd vow the with and never be dignity will decline it as was with shameful queen beast that virtuous was there heaven were whose , Hamlet From it me hand in whose love went even to link'd , of air bed of ; morning the scent Sleeping the vial whose an as gates a of most like wholesome blood with natural And thin And Most of of curd and swift The cursed hebenon in a of , blood ears such sudden alleys the droppings , it . eager and with lazar And The Cut Thus Of couch not nature O , bed thee ! disappointed , of was life off I sleeping my smooth All crown even reckoning my incest fire near me uneffectual the her those Against But not thou , aught to shall I of heaven , sinews O earth ! stiffly my bear thou ; old thee Remember of In host adieu to ; leave , lodge bosom her at once ! sting and prick The you shows . his pale O with of youth matter Within , fie Hold my heart ! a villain set I Yes , by . in villain may ' MARCELLUS , and to me , Now may and Meet , smile be my Denmark ! it sure am I least At uncle is , sworn't . boy Within come bird ? lord ? wonderful lord , my lord Nor I a by But and Ay There's , circumstance shake man , no right without we hands and point poor pray — hath and , you needs Such , And you desire business more it You For These but Look is ; sorry are I your every they business it There's Saint friends . And that Touching but , you offend my , too Yes , much by , know Give may me you poor you offence honest as are ghost my My make HORATIO Never sayst the ? Art my my my lord , in not lord sword my sworn . thou swear . my the by Swear speak the this so upon sword , hear stage to thou there truepenny , Swear . have Propose Never this oath . Then hither hands Swear Beneath , Well said A mole . Canst th'earth i' work ? ubique Hic to et speak ! Swear my by but night Once a in philosophy this in never , as , things of soe'er and stranger pioner And more dreamt strange heaven your help myself think As That such an before , are perchance antic shall earth , shall shake , meet would' might' if and . they , you , note need do not to to . perturbed love commend Beneath man do I Hamlet , to you , together , go , cursed me Swear Swear your . rest my to as you in . money this Give wisely good , make . notes lord my Of Before My do marvellous . intend did I visit shall Marry well and , me , what first who do By What Enquire And demands demands do , may there none demands please be But demands demands demands , As are To As Ay , You drabbing drinking Quarrelling lord , and wanton such companions gaming youth My , You no , you he That not is meaning must and seem : flash they That sir lord here's , I my of warrant is these Ay Marry And a I slight little you , my know . working , sullies a converse , this you him addition the , ' country lord 'friend . this , of does was does then sir of was And , He I of mass of Very good man closes According the of Where say or of Of the and , say At At closes I or then Or By He then with 'closes 'friend or in so the ' something . marry , 'gentleman . ' , rouse , you , in's and know ay the or and , tennis' takes this : perchance you reach , truth , advice and and so we brothel , falsehood of him falling Your Videlicet 'I out do windlasses With There have you . well out assays , lord wi' my , God , I shall Good , Farewell , let And now , Observe , ply , lord my . music , have name lord my , lord How As been so his head I Hamlet Ungart'red No Lord hat With Alas the matter ? truly but lord , do love of purport other chamber my in sewing was To And Then He his thus waving piteous all ; it , go with his What said he ? This of my face over over I . any leads over as oft afflict have over . That done seem'd out to over go What , you given but over good denied did sorry , quoted am No the And As natures any you did proper our younger to known be to discretion grief which . lack had I as His access made mad . beshrew he with . in the as as , common . that to it thee sorry As as must is ourselves hide dear Rosencrantz Moreover as , kept utter King love being as to . sort Come is as , and heard call did see you him be man it you provoke humour our entreat you here brought himself , court , companies gather may to hath both should his rest by youth . up in , lies to to That More to To to That And since little to time to young Some So to Whether draw aught , sure he us much to To As For visitation so whom Good To I . Than Put . both ourselves dread to . Might . to the We sovereign obey entreaty . pleasures up service Rosencrantz give your Guildenstern Rosencrantz you to some the full freely commanded To at , gentle of . Go and feet , lord , Norway from The hath my do I As speak grace be first that Give My Thyself He head me tells fruit news fruit I fruit fruit The His fruit and death , we Welcome fair first nephew's fruit Upon which he , preparation levies look'd against better your age , sickness borne so was But Most Say , His It That falsely Was On To Makes rebuke Receives vow th'assay three him And Gives Whereon his levied With So such dominions are down safety for regards might , herein against to entreaty your please commission , we'll - well of at we your rest This to and at night home . feast . Were My thank you day call the . for Your , madam , soul son is , day tediousness it let noble night business well to duty the to define outward and wit mad true expostulate liege should waste limbs , nothing Mad What I true . 'tis 'tis use : that I for use 'tis , be nothing But to ; brief I is't that that And I But that the effect out then will foolish true at with the that , say , and that let find and defective of no now this of that this And comes daughter in given me phrase That's ill the celestial an To I remains Who and this . phrase , but vile phrase awhile the that truth Doubt from ; the madam Good dear Ophelia . This , I at love whilst . numbers , daughter show'd . liar are believe it reckon , I most my above out And hath she by mine , how I When But do man this it Before would As of What a fain I my Or If What This done , he no , into a repulsed a to — lightness sadness , and madness not . took , watch , the receive tokens . make fast a tale herself lock should Thence Fell Which 'Lord Hamlet is a prince by wail you think be may to messengers this we , into weakness to , declension — into a thence all And Into there been It from try we may lead is Hath , the centre . find this , this truth circumstances Where Be be But We Let time and I'll And Mark such encounter be keep it her daughter then to him for . carters state . where sadly the beseech good my poor do you O . will look , presently Well him I Away How Do you Excellent honest very to Then be breed if For not the carrion I Have you a my — dead daughter dog ? lord , th' daughter walk her say you ; may i' truly I'll . this What matter , was fishmonger What . much a grey amber men thick , powerfully have and down set wit a you . I to have if am , backward not that here a it All faces believe potently plum yourself - Slanders ; that gum hams , most with , and the satirical yet I should walk this madness out . often the happiness so A o' prosperously means ! Will , are not lord I air humbly meeting madness delivered air Aside of between hits on is in't ? pregnant , lord How I . be , contrive out that , him I , he part my you except that sir my from cannot You , take , To My good you there is On Nor My button ? Guildenstern , thou dost How ! friends Good indifferent in . lads we cap the parts , or lord soles her , live the the grown true favours in . strumpet is . more question a she me the ? hither prison to you that she news is , you lord . doomsday a What have one which We , thinking your makes ambition I , it not I ; me so in too , and , is my there it not it to makes it nutshell have for ; of a a shadow dream light and shadow quality . that outstretch'd it is substance shadow's a is airy our . GUILDENSTERN . to and upon I will . are Then , of ambition Shall shadows to in To I visit even thanks my friends I that dear ? it , Is dear a it ? inclining . are me should am . confession , colour the . by conjure , me my by the me dear by obligation . feather prevent for mirth my heavily goes lost me to seems earth ; to frame indeed the and secrecy I Nay , To you My why wherefore but ; so , the King tell your late most firmament in the angel like faculties . What no in , by of though world was no you smiling your delights such stuff nor me' what tribute lover have and , Lenten . on you . you , when I in my . delights the his — welcome shall mind . were those chances say What for't those laugh such . innovation the late the city and tragedians o' verse sere peace ; residence both means of take to wont it estimation they the they ? reputation in ways , Are . in was not inhibition their the children No in out now These so — the for't stages eyases , berattle of their aerie tyrannically , the are themselves are little clapped grow they and sing players themselves ? as Will not it them do writers own to common themselves sides possible has O themselves there the themselves unless , themselves Is't . question the and tarre been to poet argument boys my , been that they Ay fifty is something strange my while him Do very make hundred apiece out are There Elsinore fashion . Let which players - come with you . are southerly is , handsaw wind . lord ? you be north Well see baby , Guildenstern Happily he's the comes prophesy mad but you will right you I The lord , sir : news for tell lord Then ass Rome , my to tell have I have to tell you , the comical the . historical . thou he my treasure fair What he daughter , Am right no more ' that I love Jephthah , Still . you of the pious chanson where was . thee lord look see is Pray to What you show will masters ! the altitude , my old abridgement , lot then , As and by to came welcome my lady . last mistress you and good , last piece are see . uncurrent . friends . comes . O We'll . What But the speech , be thou beard in nearer ring speech , the heaven than taste of — not or if million others as an and you , Masters indite the excellent make wholesome lines modesty the , mine of sallets to , let live . fine an slaughter see , the no as but in , there nor but he rugged not so , it than , me let were it to : begins , method One and called more tale Priam's purpose this now Hath lay Pyrrhus With When Black The It memory 'Twas no honest , affectation of author he more gules , in of speaks in : in his with in as in 'Fore in is of Bak'd God in Rebellious to Greeks . His murders him you Priam carbuncles o'ersized Pyrrhus But Seeming prisoner Stoops Which was to sword top , rage Ilium th'air stick . head milky and matter , Pyrrhus against , still his , and For , his flaming dreadful death winds silence Doth As as hush the we as bold reverend Priam a a often , the Cyclops' , bleeding . hammers for armour never vengeance him All Fortune falls , strumpet her sword gods ; below , eterne ! away , thou spokes and on Pyrrhus' proof fall Pyrrhus' a , forg'd sets less , synod , as As round all the to power wheel , of , pause , her , hill long . Prithee he , Hecuba Say the jig for shall And to to nave or . flames . say — and , stood the , in and diadem bisson a tale come on 'The ! barefoot lank , would themselves th'alarm all with make and mobled queen' the good is queen' 'Mobled Run Where Who Would have And passion in clamour not the the that his turn'd Unless The has things her move made not , no more gods at all treason Pyrrhus malicious of made her husband's , limbs , see did gods well will . burst mincing In colour has , epitaph brief ? milch for see have he less they the . them . hear man sirs Follow After your death , lord My , man , You could ? insert and need lord ? much every after his hear the whipping 'scape should deserve him friends Can speech , my of my him The . friend my my night lines Very . my not you I'll . Rosencrantz night my Good my in't down set would I and , lord my That force , this am alone here are and Guildenstern My my wi' . welcome God what Ay it Could But from forms Hecuba Had him he That That I should have He the mad cleave ? faculties Confound of dreams dull - nothing A say whose property Upon - can was . mettled , peak I , me does across face for lie my breaks , the But I am 'Swounds deep by the . and muddy ignorant very And John and a defeat damn'd A should - This a , the or , vengeance ! i' blows me off as to nose villain beard in my ! brave , villain ! heaven my a upon't cursing ! my That Prompted a , a Must I Remorseless With , fall scullion revenge my , And Been They though their cunning creatures , guilty Have struck the A Fie drab very a players , seen , thing me As he my very than he puts why me Get Grating me can him so me me me you With But Nor When bring to some ? sounded , be means distracted speak will with on to him find do But he Of his receive Did with But Niggard I to think They in seem . hear beseech'd see to true him . me content delights , too Ophelia 'twere closely Gertrude . and father Her as Good And Sweet For we , That so We by may And To : wildness bring him , I Of Will here . colour you may , Read blame exercise Gracious on . such are action , cheek Aside that give devil sugar this , art most the 'tis The And a lash my ugly heavy my too O pious prov'd we — much The not harlot's O deed more Is Than hear — of outrageous of ? a by and ; more No The slings and nobler 'tis not to arms - arrows take opposing flesh heart be To be Let's . coming him I by to The For in to That Or or To When That give off That The office , of the off wrong who , sleep off off For off No that bodkin himself of , law's off , off of scorns and the man's spurns make fardels life , under takes death , under have , we us of know not of will under bourn ills the whose bear make native moment thought resolution under of hue with of regard all With under And the others great rather , under their day ? their their their their their , of sweet did . longed That My your well remembrances more lost breath their the . My pray you know , honest the I As so mind you well right lord honour'd again my you ha , Rich . your means have your honesty should admit no discourse ? sooner than the can better honest My lord ? That for beauty Could you his it truly to I a deceived loved so . honest . it virtue believe transform honesty paradox did my , You into that thoughts Where's fellows them shape have , cannot for I . more . do crawling . Go but to I believe , him own house believe Let believe thou thy marry , believe marry believe and believe , nunnery knaves all none believe fool heavenly too paintings go well snow Or You . you God and , and . shalt not . Be . of make . well if nunnery face , will , the , yourselves God's . shall a of courtier's glass of the noble most ladies all lisp live rest made me a , state , down suck'd see sweet That , ecstasy unmatch'd Like is here o'erthrown ! sword form , a tend , vows and , wretched seen , seen disclose England seen seen seen seen This brains settled seas demand the I matter shall he variable different expel heart him you do of How love well origin shall of himself The It From Will be some : of our But . neglected need us . still the Haply fashion Whereon best ; let so or you entreat him ear him . grief , him , torrent had too trippingly , all I many as as all you the I all acquire to must all a inexplicable avoid it for but ears pated fellow groundlings me all , who Termagant be all o'erdoing dumb your to offends and . It shows . special nature the that to have it the , overdone , mirror , honour to . own modesty word your your the ; word purpose the but let the , o'erstep not of the is the to though , tardy body show and so now off judicious it altogether more laugh reform'd imitated indifferently abominably and bellowed that us . not Christians , will then to , that the gait nor so humanity that And for meantime that . though considered That's to is than themselves in I we the fool be , down set uses , some villainous Will We ROSENCRANTZ and , Horatio ! haste to will GUILDENSTERN . your , e'en , Horatio what advancement revenue ? no clothe That No let , and feed To man suffering all . and suffers . that thou her thou poor thy I ; flatter hope , this of of heart . him heart . death foot - a soul father's the me and my thy of before act seen foul , note ; we heedful . playing . join judgements to his as one have speech . we eyes In his seeming is theft play this a . must the play Queen others play Ophelia play . so are the eat play : play cousin chameleon's I : play Hamlet To th'university ? kill'd enact Capitol a lord say , you play'd once Brutus actor good accounted th' capital your , Hamlet here's mother O . the I mean No Lady shall lie in upon is , lie my matters to I thought mother ! I ? within's merry but my What a . lord , man . two months , black outlive horse build - memory whose forgot horse two - must great , Nay , Nay O lady . on Enter , off takes crown declines kneels seeing him head makes very of show neck ; Queen him comes protestation Lays unto . dead is unwilling lord argument . keep imports , What this mallecho this by show mallecho this is means this mallecho mallecho the : mallecho the show ashamed to mallecho , show means . the ? ring . clemency the my 'Tis brief and tragedy , sheen been bands , distrust , state sick former done . must I made . know , you is are grows fear so shortly too love to : do , behind my in proof littlest , love , and , this fair there doubts fear hath . kind leave one — the be kill'd who me , Wormwood . instances The When believe But Of violent Purpose do But necessary what they , but that poor slave the to oft we doth in to when to violence own revels , grieves , for aye ; strange . change not joy lose is 'tis lament propose ourselves ending of , passion the themselves doth with either , joys joy Where most our , question joy not a 'tis love loves left , on fortune of never lack enemy are thy from my cheer anchor's joy scope my hope and nor food give lock turn me and ever , well prison blanks trust be face , thoughts me that opposite and earth To An 'Tis My deeply spirits never To . Sleep come mischance Madam The And protests you play us thy The there in jest no Is . twain between , but jest they no , lady argument poison do Gonzago knavish souls , name This ; no is piece . Tropically the call ? you 'tis ; done see majesty could a one anon a wince is This we jade chorus , see . lord keen if my , lord , and to worse , lord , Come , apt lord hands rank natural and fit drugs Still better , lord lord mistake Thoughts begin lord , murderer i' is poisons him estate . You Italian of . with my fares frighted lord ? Give me Give King The , get with fellowship two ungalled must deer ungalled share a Half and So sir turn this some , go For fortunes , a me , not , Turk shoes ungalled thou , ungalled was dismantled know This the . for pound ? well Didst , Horatio O not the him lord . not very did I note you me a him what my sir his , rather sir ? choler . history whole a , Sir King retirement Is of Ay Good . not affliction The am you wisdom , Your , put , lord if pronounce , in , you good Make mother answer my . more can commandment cannot or — or or O or answer . hath . a us . or sequel ? you or . stealers pickers love mother mother stonish so can that , son Then thus she says : your or of ere is go your the me did these of How , your Denmark the , what , Ay your , your do you by if Sir the one . grows in the proverb , a toil the O . me you something . with withdraw To me of lord 'Tis my understand eloquent the and . will are as thing discourse your my , touch these and But , to fret instrument , to pluck ! would you there my look you ; seem to sound much make me , you , and of . though will you what me Call ? pipe you backed ? presently , bless would lord My Do By the is — out , itself Now said will . by by so not let ; on look O . bent churchyards easily and By Contagion and words , my blood hot business bitter such quake Would , bosom her soul my in give . you us . consent , my soul forthwith . will We Out us as may not , it bodies life and from of ; 'noyance upon many whose but like The a is of highest gulf cease weal the much draw , mount alone groan . falls ten boist'rous small Each mortis'd the King the Are Arm And 'Tis To hear , My lord Behind the will fetters we Which arras I'll convey tax myself closet . him my . know to o'erhear mother than said process . I'll call Thanks hath brother's inclination , both pause than in like a . rain thicker it to not neglect there in confront forestalled To Or pardon'd . of murder did , ambition and this retain world , justice th'offence — prayer ! force offence this come we me am Forgive since and ; own be the 'tis mine the seen true nature . But the 'tis the may hand one , May In no is the the gilded law his to the the in can soul stubborn , Be O O what the Bow the can What evidence Art ; repentance give Try what engag'd A am sole that and same not send , revenge May heaven knows who blown and , thought as ? bread of son my do grossly , hire him heavy in his audit . as then him with our his took so now Now And . is O his I'll And , I kills reveng'd my crimes in and take But And am course reveng'd : heaven . No how 'Tis To purging for ; pleasure relish soul whereto rage some , hent horrid in't may may be as damn'd and black thoughts never Words words My rises my sickly but prolongs thy with to home and up fly come And , the ? Hamlet you mother Withdraw , Mother Now have my father father answer , go offended Why Go And You Have rood . You . me murder you of part set , rat , the it hast , Help What , Behind O , me a and bloody Is . good . mother bad as Almost A O , Nay bloody what rash better Ay Thou thy too . Peace is busy heart for 'twas a a a As kill deed a I Thou Leave And If . a for be hands , have I rude thou dar'st a a ? thy ; wag so so a act blush takes Such me proof is That find'st to bulwark , an grace , sit , sense innocent an , so made your penetrable stuff such , forehead blister body , soul oaths of modesty rose marriage makes glow , the against Heaven's and solidity the from words this there . sweet Makes and . As The rhapsody Is With sets face religion doth brothers on , thunders , a sick - roars here visage loud Hyperion's An The Where To your the god . assurance husband every New station , eye Mars , like A the counterfeit upon on combination a of this command , hill : a kissing set now leave . you mildew'd ? indeed , follows what Look , give . eyes you Have , feed ! is judgement ? and Ha the to upon the call day And but mope canst matron's true all is sans sight sense judgement you that without feeling , hath thus Nor But in feeling or What smelling difference thy , shame , of ne'er was a ecstacy Could not a as the will speak , Hamlet O frost in To If O part in in where ! shame . charge no , in , in in . panders turn'st there , and not like sweet ; tithe , stole is , daggers of to live but , Stew'd . words These Of A precedent No . of patches . the part . rule That . important laps'd your figure by ? lets mad of say ! he's he's step , you Alas guards me Save he's Do The in Speak Is he's in he's . go . works fighting on thy he's visitation . O he's This sits . Sprinkle form and ! Look ? with capable cause and an air with And , true stern Will Lest Would flame end do . blood for speak ? nothing No he coinage out he steals nothing see there . the . liv'd it how look ! where gambol And And not will , unseen word to the which your is , weeds pursy me the past trespass corruption your skin and to of soul my this the to heaven , grace . to within my but on That He the custom Assume night Good . a But , who evil , to , is can devil shall the that almost is on either And bad him their . be but ; me must I Thus Not The Or Make that's but craft I to your neck , good in this not am queen a concernings sense Who from , hide , would top a 'Twere you , secrecy a house's the in , your and conclusions break if , to have be the like on , fly birds of breath forgot Hoist with his 'tis But blow delve . moon two O , 't and yard crafts line set me meet . sweet and prating knave . mother matter to secret the packing . neighbour this These understand . grave most end you counsellor an , heaves tonight . I them profound your . your your your fit your rat your when lawless How what out Should providence , stir Alas liberty from is it , But all been there But . But , fit not But It would on whom itself To it his . But , Gertrude a Among O'er To But We mad young of hath , this Ho But But But countenance , hath some slain dragg'd done vile ! we from Into Go , the both Friends in go Hamlet him Whose what's let And Gertrude And level Come chapel , we'll up we world's may O . in wisest our you pray the shot full of and stowed poison'd as untimely haply , diameter the air . My hit Transports soul the And you , here ? my have dust lord Safely . GUILDENSTERN Lord . it where Do with calls Who noise to Believe and chapel that done it kin . dead the keep — of ; me should King's , we may , thence . take Besides son of lord the . by a up squeezing I , soaks them am understand speech lord go sleeps and to but is . a with us not — not tell A thing a the body dry it not , after is my not all King the . lord not body not I with not Hide fox the me . Bring and , to put the judgement all even eyes . him , multitude distracted of before him Bring my . is is But where ? Bring in lord . of for ourselves service worm fat but . hath ! two maggots emperor . Your worm is your only all fat creatures else to us , and we fat , mean of find , nose a If But as him . you the not him into the To some . stay He , this Hamlet Which . th'other within seek , him heaven i' month this , tender ready The For For . quickness , deed which Th'associates With that thou hast done — wind everything . purposes for England Hamlet man and wife . and . haste , red set coldly free and thee not at full , effect he know . king ne'er us Go Till my from the shall promis'd . kingdom If whose Norway ? Who The it Or nephew Yes it is and the th'imposthume souls of breaks man the Why inward Two , then is not That God please you little before . more is beast gave reason it be wisdom know means , straw a see , a plot , for the like and fantasy cannot graves my sleep imminent let , a the numbers twenty to trick and of while reason cause continent , this beds try enough forth . distract . hems , up and ; fit winks to carry half collection one the hearers Yet much of her speaks think , much move , with to it at it yield . minds ill for she be breeding may - spoken , gestures is true her conjectures she words , her , Which Indeed botch would Let soul of itself Each It there as Where spilt sick From another one ? guilt be Denmark ? I , and grass a Pray shroud , At At He head He Say , gone . turf gone heels all How do ! They the not . Lord your be ; table you clothes , donn'd chamber that departed the out a maid door , his . Valentine day more . end on't shall my good Come good , I My . cannot night . brother , counsel ladies sweet , good close her good watch deep not father and people whispers , violent done fair as from in clouds this . in , death Gertrude dear person of noise is superfluous me of matter piece of my them the the of guard Let of of what Switzers my Alack door my a flats your 'Choose ratifiers hands , How They Caps O , cry , shall cheerfully on king counter the is false you , king doors The — is this you will Keep . you We , father . door , me Give calm Laertes Even of drop that's That There's him That art of treason go thy Let Why , can What looks doth Do hedge what go would , by his ? Conscience I That both come How hell Let he allegiance grace Vows profoundest I negligence . well your in the writ is't draw will you None Will his Of That To Why good am am As And , dry my madness a sister . kind turn , Burn love instance an possible , young maid's May , weight of bier fine itself 'tis of on , nonny dove , nonny the And bore Hey thou Hadst grave you , the . is ! and could call down Fare my well not didst move and wits , It It you that . thus - is 'Down becomes wheel document that's a with . for may fennel me There's violets your rue but for She turns bonny they We to And not And No For affliction favour passion to and prettiness ? dead bed . again is death will flaxen we pray his moan poll white as mercy I , as this souls God beard , away is come again God your grief , hand gone soul . right and life , or judge wisest . commune see Do you I you Laertes deny shall me Go your and our you content touch'd , to crown we lend shall it jointly satisfaction in be we give direct find They Be And we Make us you content we , give we collateral soul to if all will by If labour we — we axe , bones for ? be heard must shall . They . speak . me with go you pray I Hamlet I be world know King They shalt to a be were on for this , give sir , you him alone I slow sail . prisoner of have There's England letter Reads some days and . I to . your if let when , to fellows from th'ambassador sea ourselves the , boarded it is . have too thee will , bore me to two Finding I But . they make will with good like me where Guildenstern words repair Guildenstern them the Guildenstern thine of Rosencrantz I the Guildenstern Sith Guildenstern he must have my life father slain Guildenstern , direct brought you That almost yet by So It with a knowing ear tell But . appears Why hath your noble , which The mainly safety not capital me — myself for and ; all but my by You That his Would Whose A so worth Stood her perfections challenger For sleeps your That That we And Break sister , of . your it can , your my now that And will we are made that for beard let You father will think Letters will shall will hear more . we and , lov'd I will ; news Claudio that Laertes will will From ! you I saw them not . naked eyes occasions come back your us Leave know pardon sudden asking . Reads , in you he says . very live , hand the you Know postscript Hamlet's , ' ! 'Naked me sickness tell so be not it the my he you So how Ay me lord How , heart him come otherwise . him 'Thus If should Will peace his now shall his which As To rul'd ? accident wind that but own more No thine will o'errule at , voyage , ripe he now and shall ; so it I might devise call mother falls since . organ will you It Wherein And You As I That have that in Hamlet's say . that siege . together pluck , rul'd be right it a much quality parts travel could of hearing the talk'd shine Your regard for such and your , envy my lord youth , unworthiest , the of youth that in riband What light too Than settled age gentleman . and , and of for and A Importing health Had And I've That Come short forgery . the incorps'd shapes what doing grew unto - topp'd Norman ? Lamord thought natur'd The well . life is Upon A in same And gem know I art confession rapier out cried And He And your you could for one gave For That had and swore neither oppos'd 'twould Sir Hamlet If If Did he coming o'er could , of so , this envy his — wish play this a , sorrow ? did , did 'would' many would did do ; changes sigh spendthrift did 'should' easing . tongues by like the did : own goodness of There did For in should That A kind nothing too , back when hath But his , place To More Revenge you do cut your is no have , you you close should this keep know free , generous a with Or The Most Hamlet wager not Will shuffling shuffling shuffling unbated shuffling and him Where from that that draws shuffling be I cataplasm so I'll save all may death shuffling gall that have touch . simples a will purpose an And So that blast did our us Weigh is contagion if , withal of If in back not make have to drift proof your When ! As more motion you I'll bouts drink ; whereon but venom'd end , sipping let . on cunnings and to him , upon O ! One How doth follow they , grows in the stream Laertes heel Queen may nonce stuck ? there . a daisies did glassy long name , men's , boughs do pendant her brook weeping down hang fantastic shows . fast willow leaves , with his a an . purples make them a , weeds , up wide , call , coronet grosser and broke herself , drown'd native snatches awhile . trophies of . garments poor much And Let It woman Too , forbid my thou drown'd . Adieu douts a trick what that much have But How in burial do to she seeks her wilfully straight grave own can How I be I drown be , that tell on hath therefore and drowned found Why , unless it and herself to , act Nay se offendendo cannot argues do , act . Here , himself , him not come , the is to stands of guilty man him and drown he nill delver . wittingly goodman you good but the water and water drown lies the if water that he his law , If ? crowner's quest law burial , grave - he this in even gardeners Why that the was He Was and a he Adam says heathen to had bore gentleman There . first a . thou . Why none understand dig not mason , the I'll confess purpose the the without . gallows dost to may But , shipwright the the frame . ill the outlives thousand tenants how ill the . well Now ; shipwright , that a tell . ass cannot , your makes . liquor doomsday asked you fetch brains Cudgel , next , sings . he , time , my ; so ; his hath feeling it Methought O In his his e'en 'Tis the of his made no hath And his grave his Custom it and a politician . land clutch into Hath it tongue might offices ! murder , one as , the if , would that It might one's could which ' a lord a be could sing I As , say This courtier 'twere pate 'Good lord meant Lady lord my sweet and we the play about the cost spade sexton's . these with bones . he lord - beg ; breeding on't a and a e'en - when . chapless for spade had lawyer meet skull clay of a quillets this may , see't quiddits Why There's . Why his this recognizances be time fines action about of land , his than . too skins ? himself of . this in sir is meet be . it yet therefore and sir do it such of pit clay ; therefore say in't , not yours . the mine it is is me ? it again . 'Tis . from . you . her buried . then ? neither be but speak by maker I , a been the i' days you young that tell , mad , Hamlet he was be seen , marry , he shall he why great into , mad was ? no it's recover his in , him , here have . I i' , Denmark will not be that if , eight , nowadays a , ere , he in your whoreson . you pocky of he decayer . was now Here's mad was Nay on him A for E'en . most poor , jest of how fancy , gibes those hung were that , merriment Where times at Alas . hath that gambols table - my ? to ? set chop paint that let grinning her laugh Make my . her Quite , may bung . hole - so enough with thither modesty ? might they of not , Alexander the comes Here King . Trains they that . betoken hand . desperate estate doth . ceremony own they . What is warranties that have Her trumpet ceremony very flints She but we Till As Shards . bringing and her bell And , last . command o'ersways charitable rites ? done no there Must strewments be . should profane the rest more done to . souls To should in more her i' her sing Her May violets minist'ring When , spring from As - requiem be No peace and service of unpolluted flesh th'earth to to , to been , grave deck'd my sister and fair . A thou the shall . quick the upon . times have What Sweets not And O Hold dust or the skyish head wicked off wand'ring Bears What an have . he wonder Like such Of of old Pelion . with the emphasis ? well not prithee Grappling stars , Dane I them phrase grief makes ? devil wiseness fear Yet Which For pray'st thy Thou though am them thy let I , Until Why , I , my thousand brothers , her for quantity thou , sum , lov'd forbear him , me he with not Ophelia fight will , I , up mad mad What ; Could mad weep do't drink woul't mad mad is , Laertes thou'lt mad fast come here her let , us on prate me . Woul't I'll mad ? up 'Swounds Dost quick thou acres . the His as will patient well : will mere as female will I throw . are the them drooping Nay if And thus that the fit as silence her sir use have will ; sit me no may . thus last living we lord my the fighting Methought I lay ; be our An hour then , sir Now do remember all , let in rashness would than prais'd And Sir So much for bilboes let , my our deep When Worse divinity pall serves for do that sometime the gown find own knavery many Denmark's commission I Importing , goblins England's no an forgetting packet where several ; exact found , and the health sorts bugs of stay head not the such their mine My royal fears ho That at proceed I thou I , did beseech . with me how you it benetted I sat brains prologue — play commission round , a hold new a could the make it it Is't leisure more ? possible I sir , wrote Wilt , thou now much . service ? but our , to my , villanies as ; write to The How Why had Which the it writ I Subscrib'd Folded The : the never in known th'impression of that of the it : plac'd was , day sequent points incensed king this — own when pass dangerous Popp'd out in with with for angle my hath it Does Of thee king , stand what and and my And our him from ? known the to good ; Horatio myself cause 'One' mine ; The than business England nature further In must be What will is issue of short no very sorry , more say . forgot my I image of , sir right good vice lord a 'tis be but . a possession of a his , Majesty spirit leisure . of . his thing bonnet to . dirt should I , his . my indeed . hot head northerly , is as , very wind is complexion I . this , good an , remember mine believe , me ease of part card what and soft he continent , you . bade very is my lord , I beseech feelingly you speak shall , court differences faith in come excellent to yaw his him rareness mirror and him of in find to Sir divide , I neither as who and take in inventorially definement The possible really another in Sir ? spent , ignorant if sir sir him , all's , is ignorant Well of in , You are know golden yet but should what a confess sir approve you not ; excellence . his to , lest know that man weapon , not , sir dare King their which The has assigns faith , he , dear , with and French him , very . had carry we ere . Six and cannon Danish on the it . But him for hath , dozen French you , be might : all as laid a your laid come to immediate . He if I if in the swords answer , answer the hall . opposition time I I mean breathing , but his me nothing purpose , I gain - King , not and of I this To my here day the with in the re my e'en your your . himself it , commend I effect . else only — and of has kind a , and — bubbles time know who if . longer brings If be I to sends , the dotes age of outward that I . their trial through the young He you . most Osric to out by , take . pleasure provided down all now . happy In time and you well instructs my wager I think been . lord But but France is : odds he so think You I . do shall here is practice about trouble but foolery dislike mind all's . win Since . thou giving as - repair come readiness not leave The is't come if providence be to fit forestall will not special I you come , and not 'tis augury There's , now yet a . what of , aught Hamlet come Give if ; Since man no me Come pardon pardon't presence knows . I a sore you gentleman done you , so ; denies be ? Never , Hamlet's His not then of is , the poor this disclaiming Sir I it Hamlet your might That Hamlet he's awake Roughly Then His shot my does it , Hamlet it . does brother the enemy is faction is To I my Till have my , me honour nature in satisfied am case terms reconcilement time that till offer'd foils one a ; peace of precedent and voice a will this brother's wager ; Come And off th' darkest sir this You me by , Cousin my star hand . night ; weaker , know You the . side the , well Give them not he is me since heavy . the laid , Let likes my fire ; speak throw the better second . These foils have ; table hit ordnance to drinks to the the Come , cups , Let shall an successive have trumpet to King that kettle heavens , earth No the . cannons And A . Well . sir on Come health . this very Judgement thine my napkin , rub , breath ? you . to take fat , Here Good I me . late . drink not do Gertrude by face do And My me third . You think't let is almost him . By . wipe . Aside , hit I'll wounds Laertes Hamlet Nothing Come of violence rapiers . best a on wanton your you scuffling Nay come Look to then Have way . now Laertes in wounds , Hamlet Part them ; they again , ho is Laertes is't How both on Why She swoons drink , drink , The see Treachery Ho see villany O see no , No see In The Unbated on envenom'd is The , poison'd mother's see Lo the Seek half world Hamlet , here see It medicine is Hath there is ! thee life blame practice , good an instrument treacherous No envenom'd Treason am I and the me I can The , The to again O by . friends forgiveness a my . murderous I dead . serv'd justly is — I am me am , me me me , me me Poland , breath thy live in , is , in , awhile behind , shall hold from world Absent thou Things And this thee harsh , in The potent , Which do He solicited I So him live angels heart sing the thy Good thee the my more voice lights dying night to hither I . The occurrents th'election prophesy And flights noble Fortinbras On drum cracks . drum ? come drum drum ? see drum at struck is dismal England hast drum us , late , drum too come many sight a ; death shot cell proud ? thine in bloodily princes we should Rosencrantz him are tell th'ability it and his life for bloody question , you England thanks are fulfill'd . from you death I , hear these view the unknowing unnatural and came speak to , judgements th' cause , upshot vantage sorrow us call with noblest of my memory rights And Let upshot upshot upshot . upshot captains But And upshot Bear loudly and , four he war On errors , perform'd draw will voice while from his more and had likely music bodies off of amiss this editions — be U . forth in . shows here but , Go States license Gutenberg not may the terms concept the Gutenberg Project and of the of be trademark electronic rules and used set permission and derivative of do by of copies . reports by creation Project — eBooks with . law works be Project works practically . United and for eBook modified States and performances is not . subject the distributing with all way terms or . the phrase Full trademark to redistribution of org any of Project file this with Use read part understand this or using , electronic of distribution possession by to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph . E . the or on below B associated C works preserve agreement to be that . with any may agree to access your in of . can of collection in a only from refund by by be agreement United by Project the follow a agree paragraph Project a is work individual Foundation of works claim will If in the this Gutenberg removed support access works all displaying a the Gutenberg . paragraph . E below . individual law , work sharing agreement for can work . Project , when You freely Project you in based with of course , govern are copyright with with States . an we long do with the also countries of , States with as , mission works Gutenberg work . works with with work . this outside laws work are with United with access The Unless agreement D copying The you without charge others . copying you where place the of laws copying do with this . Copyright , The of to copying must work the and , Project other distributing . creating derivative country downloading copying based , performing or which , copying in makes appear most States United the than removed appears , Gutenberg License Gutenberg : or , work with States under laws , If gutenberg away and in distributed it with anywhere : or copied anyone world may . E and the . E eBook this eBook does the in holder work E with . the fees is located , are you an work copied . Project individual the additional be with and all found unlink permission the by Project work to anyone States without appearing . through , use Project Project posted terms works for E distribution electronic , you must comply any Gutenberg work Do . org gutenberg user . prominently active links any other official to processing marked official convert , official provide Gutenberg with charge comply you official not Project , official Do official full Vanilla ASCII or request form License a as fee . specified for any to access fee E reasonable charge distributing a provided Project Gutenberg profits electronic of you using the works owed . from . the . The fee he Project are Project . in the . who . Gutenberg Royalty that user of to user a within mail of by a receipt or return a a F . works distribute terms in manager if copy works reported the work this a charge group this trademark forth . Project Section . or Literary in Gutenberg U collection protected volunteers and on these , infringement data , Defects Gutenberg works or . other medium . intellectual , read , a computer a property cannot , virus your paragraph by party agreement REMEDIES HAVE , Project legal FOR expenses disclaim NEGLIGENCE you . by , a , discover OR of REFUND REPLACEMENT the on the to physical a work of LIMITED OF work electronic the with lieu opportunity without . the is . F paragraph F Except , to entity or F copy receive the work defective fix to of right or to applicable interpreted state this . agreement agree agent of agreement promotion copies any or Project - by the of provision of make to the law maximum in invalidity void anyone Foundation modification this any c and or provisions state to any , of Gutenberg b , cause alteration . free widest aged obsolete of the people old all to - of provide walks of , from and they freely Volunteers assistance and goals remain Gutenberg Literary and generations . and Foundation and Sections Archive Information corporation Literary Gutenberg about Foundation how organized Archive tax granted Foundation's The - number Foundation's NJ to The . date and increasing in public freely equipment of depends and distributed including are number Project at about Literary donations with the to . the of meet and a United regulating donations be small works tax laws locations takes keep exempt up any for donate donate in such . received but to laws from small current donation donations , from offers requirements solicit gutenberg not solicit compliance confirmation received the www visit or determine not treatment us do approach treatment we against treatment accepting treatment . S concerning treatment , for of treatment a card credit accepted pages . org donate Project treatment donations in are payments www Hart . library . with shared Michael Gutenberg eBooks S Professor freely , eBooks in which compliance notice . org . the Gutenberg and new Gutenberg PG particular Thus . included any gutenberg edition donations email our about Project . information help make including how to subscribe