Who's answer , Stand come Stand 'Tis You Stand most Stand . thanks Stand sick at cold Stand ? Stand Stand Get carefully . twelve struck this And relief much For stirring quiet , to soldier . Holla what A Say - Marcellus tonight again thing seen fantasy , of us of along entreated of . ears , story have we us , tush again down awhile , speak , but and . night him to it come appear not assail our nights against once fortified your down of this seen , the from pole of that one — myself and where Look Marcellus t'illume . then burns comes King dead that's , Horatio it ? with fear Mark King me the harrows speak would It It like Most . spoke usurp'st wonder . will not charge , gone . I speak away answer march In which ? is it ! How tremble ! stalks and look fantasy believe ? now You than not eyes King ! true mine like ? parle ; combated thyself to when armour art As When frown'd smote before martial So : dead hour watch , he , With this sit , So Good This what now And not Does such nightly And Why Who impress mart foreign for toward joint - be same strict the daily implements , of of the brazen Doth Why divide such in so I can At so our that Dar'd slay ratified by which most can For Did forfeit , his law who known now goes That least Fortinbras on , stood of image Was the as Was gaged Against Which Did seiz'd Well prick'd side life of which our pride him , a seal'd compact ; return'd , Fortinbras there young cov'nant design'd , head : e'en the but rummage , our preparations the and of other , mind's our it think this by , by our state , those haste watch strong foresaid take portentous like the the of , King the figure and chief it and That mote is watch so of trouble the state Roman and fell of in fire and fierce , gibber sun influence even Was prologue harbingers the sick And it tenantless trains and most But Unto behold demonstrated . illusion ! grace ease soft hast , If thou it That may though any Speak sound blast . Stay voice of done avoid , earth ! and of in , in womb spirits , to thee do . me privy happily thou treasure of For which 'Tis if with Stay uphoarded not death walk my gone here 'Tis show strike . mockery the malicious when blows is offer it so of , For We to Upon was a cock And To the it it , And god of summons trumpet to cock , vain our Whether the , Doth then , speak fearful ; fire and . And of , 'gainst our Saviour's is that erring earth hies , of Wherein a morn throat , The , sounding warning , takes nights with his lofty and at his or or , in herein the , I the . o'er But This present object birth singeth no , heard crowing of ; dumb , Unto Some say night stir strike . you bird dawning spirit planets . As are wholesome then power time it , shall we gracious believe clad , in mantle advice look morn in high my tonight , watch up , life to ? of yet for speak with duty know This spirit to acquaint our To needful in our loves we Yet pray , and sometime our kingdom With Laertes , Attendant whole fought sorrow wisest with Cornelius brother's us , Taken Though Hamlet that our nature . affair hearts in grief of with him , a Now With on . Or That of our Colleagued Our Therefore sister warlike defeated dirge have . follows Th'imperial with a in , by one auspicious and with gone for equal scale weighing delight we , Norway Thus , which , Fortinbras , this , this along know , further Holding weak supposal dear of , of be disjoint and his law of bearers pester those of writ Importing the all To To our most valiant brother . time Farewell business is : scarcely suppress , rid to , We In Of his nephew's that ? now The lists , and full we Norway scope ? cannot told , and old the be not For further than . duty duty , head That And business with the King your our is ; and let your . show . farewell you and heartily duty You news I From us of some suit . thoughts lose your voice . thy bow My The is not more native to mouth . in lord you And throne of Denmark to ? in seal'd I , I that in from father's wishes in return Dread whence show and your By hath in you his in my He now Yet in them to confess bend your leave gracious must ? in last . in son than kind time ; spend Hamlet , and less on , consent at him i' the colour on still Laertes , graces cousin , my that the kin Aside it cast eye through die thy sun . you , for , father with like not 'tis ever lord thine , thy Thou for Passing Seek And Good Hamlet look to it it inky customary Nor madam alone nor visage black , is , so , grief of shows in cloak suits suspiration the , No not windy with can all they For I actions the . and a haviour of the which forms denote me have That but sweet To my that commendable and you That give father lost must filial do know 'Tis But But A , heart shows To In these obsequious condolement . for and your his to unfortified must be a ; bound survivor the But impatient unschool'd and thing fault a our most heart against reason Take fault it It impious In An what As As 'This You be unprevailing This ; no most let pray that hath still world the father In going It to father to immediate , who , dead most of To theme us take eye and , back courtier and you retrograde in his son : our comfort , desire you of Let not thy cousin Than cousin we beseech cousin ; cousin a you to Hamlet our most cousin cheer chiefest cousin cousin But Re cannon great ourself cousin in and heart in grace cousin ; fix'd . O , weary And No smiling to the thunder resolve Everlasting ! the all Oh ; uses of and God ! dew not unprofitable , an stale me on't Seem How Thaw - speaking to Or His O , But By Hyperion Visit not As remember face might a king Frailty yet within had , appetite she , and of my to much to this ! woman old body even of mine like married she poor those thy name shoes is grown a were discourse my a most to yet My have mourn'd Than married I left With Niobe , which month , wants post to sheets to , my dexterity it for hold must . incestuous speed galled tears , good , unrighteous O . But I Horatio am or . lordship I come Hail . make And I'll I truant am But what Nor , I is drink deep father's to mock to furnish Did — see foe funeral depart . you ? lord Horatio a ; He I was methinks that father tables heaven my the my I my , I I Would once look I Saw shall , father a for father ! I of you till admiration This Upon , the ? My lord I Been encounter'd Armed at waste exactly , cap , with - father solemn like on these . gentlemen these the gentlemen , A . dead marvel In the Marcellus Goes By Where of Form The with , and to Almost dumb dreadful oppress'd thus point slow , act him . of the length jelly truncheon's his and their , I and This , time and true ; I knew father like this . watch Did My it , sound 'Tis lord my honour'd very think it To did down , cock our our true . my sirs you vanish'd from Arm'd We , say you . tonight lord , my . toe to top From , look'd yes Pale , in sorrow or fix'd Most constantly ? frowningly . very ? much much much much longer have much I much I Perchance much much noble If 'twill walk again . in no it all gape should . conceal'd your this pray person his life you silence in I it be understanding tenable it warrant hold , hell , eleven to : farewell , well tongue tonight hitherto And bid me have whatsoever the duty still sit doubt My Upon I'll ! arms soul would night is men's : the All play , deeds not . honour as my mine visit you to your . give you ? from . embark'd , as to do not sleep , Farewell . winds benefit is But so lasting not nature ; and the he fear besmirch now must not will ; nor Perhaps crescent but , sweet of a No no nature and The Grows His For He his loves cautel this soul , to subject , withal himself not himself sanctity he Unto the in far he says ; deed saying his give he he As May voice which is may honour ; depends do be of so Then and that choice this choice of If Then the fits Whereof Carve It is weigh credent ear yielding if particular or or main or itself canker oft The their the strokes or . moon of danger is to : youth or near fear in or . keep else or . affection your prodigal maid shot fear the or in the Out Show me shall itself then morn and are safety imminent , spring buttons of be most lies of the liquid dew . comes father . rede treads libertine way thorny lesson , good this my good brother do steep as my As and path ungracious But to pastors puff'd not me my not , you . tongue no means precepts his thy , Beware being hoops unproportion'd , hast hatch'd not precepts unto new thou Nor character the , of precepts , Aboard Laertes ? precepts stay'd few Give by vulgar precepts tried There in precepts thou do each Of Costly not precepts they express'd in oft best ; thy purse the in precepts chief rank and apparel as thy proclaims the select borrower of nor a oft in the thy man's Of But And of a above And loan each every But For For borrowing : to the both rich and be friend ; station , man that . be self lender of the true . thee in the night day ; and go I do And he he , Given to well , you 'tis you . me on bounteous yourself the hath very : and put . the up most something me private told , perilous ! You , speak me late lord you understand caution so — your so Of it As He between , so be You believe Do do Marry you ! teach as . think . phrase a dearly poor the me with . love , more you call you'll , to lord you'll vows you fashion , you'll Or , you you'll . sterling , given , the to importun'd you'll go . you'll ; speech holy it you'll to you'll , do , I in both the vows than , something your to a maiden From a these , catch , blood blazes prodigal - this , soul , daughter rate , show , Ophelia , suits of implorators dye you his mere like , not , I The would Have which vows be with much command Set Be You must a Do not Not Than And Than Breathing believe I give to't , to is a nipping with moment leisure It The air Look I shall obey not ? think , What is struck twelve . draws to reels out bray ? a is't it triumph The And And More Makes This heavy traduc'd our Soil drunkards and , and addition us our From They clepe The pith for So oft marrow chances and choose of , wherein pales stamp or the may be else Nature's livery as infinite — habit , o'ergrowth cannot and forts much that of — manners breaking their nature down The I of by take of substance own general . his the that Shall in noble lord my To the Doth and Look , Be That thou thee Thou Be com'st father , speak Have Why Let me Wherein , thou night So That To Hath thee burst canoniz'd we saw his Revisit'st op'd corse dead ponderous thee quietly cerements ; and of our reaches , glimpses shake , in the we Wherefore ? go To it you , why will speak waves It not then , No , will . follow . it to itself , the of into cliff , horrible puts toys , very draw there place many assume beetles It What if Or toward the I'll . you of some his your motive so roar beneath . still , It into summit dreadful the more Without The That And Which hears Go Be rul'd My makes hardy as I I'll away ! am call'd ghost ghost ghost lion's Nemean . make ghost ghost direct ghost Denmark of . him issue rotten Have ghost in ghost Whither lead Mark me sulph'rous is I I Must render and myself hearing ghost serious . hear ? So art to certain day am Doom'd burnt To Are tell the foul lightest I of . walk fast word am whose . to the nature on thy , blood forbid , house to end love list the upon ears Would To ever thy most foul his God didst Revenge Murder . dear not be O , List . foul as ! and wings , unnatural , the know't sweep best ; Lethe ease thou apt than this meditation find in my orchard , of whole death Denmark , love it the in that , my , thy did , so in stung itself That Wouldst A serpent Ay serpent me that but ; a given 'Tis , process the in lust , was falling of what will me most — gifts - beast sting wears O that , Hamlet to The his of , From I So wicked that uncle that traitorous , virtuous was that seduce whose in whose it the a hand to in virtue though sate And methinks I Sleeping be Will , mine Upon to But prey in it never . garbage the thy stole , orchard air , will heaven , mov'd ; hebenon with enmity quicksilver and my whose courses of it doth vial ; crust loathsome ; bark'd So into posset , hand , not it bear to my head . unanel'd my ! thee luxury in Unhous'led off Most lazar was even made , all ! disappointed by , a at sin account ; horrible . Denmark let , her , pale his . to adieu Remember well bosom , be ! incest thy to her matin to uneffectual thee earth ! Hold fie not Remember memory Remember my of fond all thee , pressures there memory ; live records shall brain observation my , by heaven observation ! observation villain damned it observation down be set and a observation in so observation to Now observation me my remember . observation . lord . my . Hamlet . him ! my , bird Come lord ? lord ! it tell . it heaven by . lord once man ? secret of . my MARCELLUS lord in all . knave dwelling come , this the i' at circumstance hands shall and shake point and desire my own . pray go , words I'll my , I'll heartily . I'll heartily lord I'll my . I'll there is this I'll let vision me that is I'll between , now , I'll good and request . We will ? seen have . not MARCELLUS will . swear't not , I in faith , sword , lord already , sword indeed . Swear stage Art thou ? in fellow . swear lord my , you that sword . my Swear . shift we'll gentlemen , upon again that you my sword my . Swear work Canst remove more i' this is give stranger heaven and philosophy your , so never I soe'er shall bear hereafter disposition antic seeing or me this some , doubtful could 'We 'There or be out giving , this most your . Swear Swear . spirit . do commend man a and love . Let your lack on joint lips . to born let's set go , these and my , wisely him marvellous , visit behaviour his I did well very Danskers what said what means what , at and son my demands drift , some distant particular his know father you do — well , very ' , mean I you ' ; so ; please ; him wanton , noted companions youth and , gaming my , drinking . You drabbing that would may season another put you open is to but : the seem outbreak in of general savageness Of my good should you , I lord , sir is it here's slight a little a these Mark thing converse , seen in breathe ever you with you of so ; or the to man phrase Of and good , Very sir , What — was to about in 'closes so or the , the in thus you yesterday : such , with , gaming and at there out tennis' such enter or , so falsehood takes of we and , do find indirections former my You . have , lord you , wi' Good my inclination his shall , him let ply Well , my Farewell Ophelia , I , lord in , the I was as with his head , his - down his , so look been knees had , horrors he thy for know , said What he wrist the length the hand and thus such other perusal . it little thus Long shaking waving so sigh shatter to piteous done That , over way his his head went he bended their I . will very ecstasy property to fordoes will any passion natures . any him but ; as letters his to me access made him better with fear'd I But . proper as in ourselves the , common go Come being , for hate than to and Rosencrantz did to you to long have so ; I use the nor Something What . it , that th'understanding of I . entreat brought his to youth here rest days so by and pleasures your you occasion afflicts unknown may within our lies much talk'd there men hath . it gentry and time If us of profit receive our with such remembrance king's majesties you power your more pleasures entreaty . obey in , freely at commanded . and and gentle instantly you , Go . gentle where gentlemen and presence to helpful amen . my Norway return'd , father the you as to my and Assure else or I of policy trail do that Hamlet's of — I that to do th'ambassadors to fruit that and , queen your all but other our o'erhasty sift shall good friends our from my greetings of sent he which , 'gainst , into he ; Highness age , hand in he , Norway and his uncle , against arms , in employ to overcome against , crowns , further to you herein this for safety of set are down well us consider'd time upon this your well we'll night home welcome well is , madam , to what be night , waste the is night and limbs night Your noble to for define nothing be go let that less , use no I with true : 'tis . true for A will then him cause the . I cause the defective comes the remainder whilst and obedience — Now gather have . idol , vile soul's phrase you shall but Hamlet from I ; awhile stars the sun the to be I doubt these never numbers , O , best lady whilst hath my hath , time , above to given by she hath you do think man faithful a . so this seen hot , it I told me your Majesty the desk play'd a this heart winking upon love No ? mistress , prince a young ' And . lock messengers herself , took , she — the sadness repulsed , watch a lightness , madness all wherein we And you think Do be may , a such time positively have it When that Not this from , lead circumstances hid is , Within the may we sometimes he Here in he So I'll time and I encounter you from not . be no me be keep But a We will sadly where I do , presently him does my How , God you know well . Not I you would Honest , this as of , ten very That's maggots in Have breed sun I th' sun may i' daughter ? that ; he my in said to him speak Words What is the matter mean the For their faces and ; hams All gum I yet hold , should slave sir slave this slave be walk you Though slave slave slave out is slave A slave happiness ! so not the contrive lord , sir my except Fare go to To friends . Good we that the Happy On Nor Neither about her secret the None , parts you , she that Fortune . What near that that lord . is that that my lord but is not friends to . one that Denmark have But your that my confines one that , that one so makes We ; Denmark's dreams count and , that 'tis I ; me of ambition ; for there my lord prison . myself . but itself indeed ambition it it is nothing . substance . a light so is space it bad hold ambitious , bounded nutshell have very For reason beggars I A . you wait ROSENCRANTZ merely are by but ambition and outstretch'd my my make and friendship of not we a shadow's and and . and servants Elsinore I but and in my honest an bodies , and monarchs , and attended ? thank and Is too poor you way like will We'll and visitation and my , Come me thanks am I am most you , were purpose the your my visit what . speak Queen King good know to But , other free ? your what in . dear a halfpenny nay lord for modesties lord you me let of consonancy . inclining , it ; sent youth our and even , teach of have , the better . withal by I a , an To my you . have preserved But by for then and what more you prevent moult lost ; why My I To by with dear . me , it , King or no . discovery , with sterile this , seems , not lord off of If love have brave pestilent and foul how man than air , your forgone reason like And , moving and of majestical the know why ; the me say seem not smiling form piece and all heavily , nor your ? in the to fire in so thoughts said there work a noble . delights man them coted delight you then of , is god my you — be shall Man delights me yet , no on . his shall man shall knight , king shall laugh , in the his blank mind make gratis lord was no stuff Majesty ? they delight such . the , I service and adventurous the . ways profit they you lungs in both inhibition chances shall use or the their it her What players are , No think were wont to residence of ? comes I ? was did Do it keeps , better followed eyases , they grow cry . berattle of same pace ; and 'em quality are rapiers are , they but on are ? grow are means they are dare sing common — better against do make if tyrannically the , call their controversy much them if , so can . poet has - quills to player Is't they than themselves sides ? argument to them should was about throwing possible carry uncle his for carry carry there carry fifty Ay carry Do they make would carry the lord is King . carry to extent you of , carry , than natural the Elsinore the carry players , which - But something ducats Your players entertainment lord . outward . than mother ? north my welcome are . wind you - should welcome more my welcome fairly appurtenance you , you Happily In . handsaw ; the of me for hawk , at of for child Monday : sir I have a . Mark clouts . That lord , you , come , an my buzz a . say it . are tell so actor on actor Upon actors , lord . historical historical comical pastoral tragical The come - The for pastoral heavy Israel judge , honour tragedy scene a my Then either pastoral lord Why he fair law - the , more my on , Aside The . What 'One , daughter well , which liberty what , not I , Am , Jephthah , It and chanson will comes I Thy , thee are first follows lord where see your God chopine a altitude ! good , and you of uncurrent by The As mistress , gold a speech e'en Come French within straight We'll friends , last , abridgement all old of cracked friend your to't . speech like beard welcome my . lady , us was , received , to What , than , you if million excellent others or , not pleased fly voice my nearer is — top of mine it taste at Pray . once play in set down as , ring the , it , no wholesome modesty — speech more was but . no , speaks was was was , than , One Dido was to an fine it , the phrase was Pyrrhus and live with it begins was let in of sable me in : was If to . complexion he Head horridly , the night , dismal black daughters , resemble sons streets trick'd foot smear'd , parching fire light Pyrrhus . you proceed eyes like , finds , grandsire Priam . at , seeks Anon well with , with Old So spoken he Greeks , his His . in arm drives and . command , ear feel whiff Pyrrhus' prisoner his falls blow Which . lies reverend Of was seem'd painted , So too short Unequal strikes senseless Then Priam to father this to declining to neutral and i' his we in But A bold rend Doth , Takes And like Aroused And Mars's With , out Out , general In all Break And the bowl It Where With up rheum diadem stood and and . 'Mobled down , seen A , and , in , the lank all fear th'alarm tongue did would themselves gods state with queen' ? is that threat'ning clout of the upon for loins o'erteemed have treason a venom see sword that clamour sword make sword in her his Pyrrhus her malicious limbs made sword she of . gods sword burning colour in the all at then sword — eyes , sword has sword . heaven in's sword — hear soon you tears let of epitaph them the this than their ill to desert . dignity Take . his and and The . desert bounty after . them tomorrow . in Gonzago speech of a ? in't insert and some of not him mock leave . you Elsinore to . I'll am alone ! passion I I am Now ; aspect conceit own wan'd visage of ! nothing suiting for function in's do Hecuba , with for he would to ; tears stage passion , I free , indeed horrid speech , cause Am , across coward dear unpregnant rascal my i' face ? king , me lie my throat ? Who me this it be Yet peak a I villain was And John - Upon the to say a - property , whose beard nose the and dull muddy - dreams made breaks blows gives and , can calls As deep by me I am as Plucks A To But 'Swounds my ! I Remorseless With I have should slave's treacherous what the son vengeance This very Foh a and father murder'd heaven upon't ! brain cursing heart is kindless most region villain , speak ; of my father players observe quick mine For With my know tent most murder . to something , have uncle the The devil it the spirit yea and . organ Play Before Been Have That guilty struck They I'll I'll be a of . I'll miraculous I I'll course him I'll T'assume he I'll is I'll As Abuses Wherein my I'll to me damn me catch than this my I'll potent I'll very The of quiet , of circumstance of his drift days himself means dangerous by madness crafty forward his true on . state he we do we would Most But much But him receive like you Did Of his gentleman of to reply our demands , the , joy told him Of before play about certain have they are a these , to think They him in . true kind your him entreat matter . me much doth to . the it so Majesties inclin'd on . content further , us sent 'twere lawful , Ophelia by , myself ourselves , their he we We That We gather That be by of bestow and th'affliction If't And may I shall . thus , he encounter his him that here may hither Hamlet your again honours both to his I be obey Ophelia beauties so To him I Madam , may it wish — here Gracious . your To such of . Ophelia to an Read colour , visage please bring good part shall way . the hope on o'er blame may my ! give plastering conscience , true with in . helps art himself . we Aside The Is smart not How a is lash ugly to Let's , be be in slings 'tis The nobler arrows against Whether , or to and arms by , ache - No That heir to the sea of , sleep we say — a to 'tis die heart more not coming . him the take Or and a end of ; opposing To For Devoutly That Must oppressor's in us . the dispriz'd The For flesh is . dream to sleep , When When bare To That the The With he bodkin grunt No and And a But thus fly that country returns Than And And Thus o'er of pale and , name this enterprises regard great their Be your The fair all Good you I That My I I humbly How the Ophelia ! my for ; now you pray I I words them the As lord made I - yours . you , did honest ? My Are Ha means What , so sweet prove lord my rich perfume mind givers to their . admit discourse no with translate beauty ? lordship . honesty ? should transform but it more . old our can time inoculate not sinners ? very . so a you , have Indeed , What them ambitious my with imagination such should in more offences do ? us crawling as I your had yet thou could not at my beck . father none to a me give all nunnery knaves At shut him own in's upon , that he Farewell . believe Where's I am I between shape of than earth and to thy dowry . escape thy , house , him , my go O : marry , a nunnery ice as know wise men and , face have ; for as to heavenly God's I'll and you , go yourselves no more no , your on't that are jig amble wantonness , a To already married make enough restore you your , say and you . given another more shall a and rose the deject , and scholar's eye quite vows ! nunnery , music out unmatch'd That bells ecstasy courtier's O rest of ladies the that most have seen most see with what Love T'have I ? most what most Th'expectancy glass of most That all of most of jangled form most Now most His Like sweet he Blasted Nor not Was O'er And doubt some like danger have it Will madness . though it heart different speed expel , his to him puts shall tribute : on't , think in , countries ? play the , now said you Lord what My neglected and love us it Hamlet please thus objects seas something With tell fit , the so mother How . What you believe grief her be so best wisdom Madness lord , alone , be you she plac'd his his . send their I'll show Let queen him If let entreat him . to , I too you air players ; all lines , as of gently use , the spoke thus temperance hand crier as your the beget town you as . whirlwind it to , may give smoothness of , it I many mouth But , but , I it my , say I may if pray that you a nothing fellow a capable split whipped Pray warrant would I noise very to , most hear action the Suit Be too soul to part out . not tame observance that , to - Herods Herod I the the the to . your own be tutor at up the players accent the having man journeymen the play Christian seen o'erweigh a , hope we the us the speak abominably made imitated the profanely whole form the the and his time , body ; the tardy off grieve and that thought the altogether . And your play pitiful you a be bellowed — be there , others praise , have had that , pagan Nature's , have it reform on it my that this ? of most . and too Bid Will you ROSENCRANTZ two in the fool that uses hear Queen the And We lord , Here do Nay revenue , O my may hast As , lord hope thy thee , flatter'd be a as , at just withal . the lick of her her men tongue hinges . distinguish fawning , herself buffets and rewards suffers choice hear , those finger Fortune's nothing that will Give blessed that , pomp thou mingled - my in , pipe heart been hast election him are I heart this soul thy act circumstance foot guilt , near before too of King of see'st thee comes that comment If uncle in as thou told One I Observe Which I , when ay , core my I There As do thee . As Vulcan's And If And In Get . our and Queen . I pay be play idle , others King a I , must place play the , whilst lord playing . Ophelia , the . Polonius eat Hamlet ? capons ; so words these cannot dish Hamlet ? air . Guildenstern , Rosencrantz fares mine Polonius answer with have of : lord accounted and , say th' enact ? i' was , you lord To you , th'university now . good killed Brutus the patience . a . there so ready a stay calf capital players to him ; my , O , my your I my the hither good To . lie shall I No , my my my I to lie my my Who my my my , you how cheerfully , jig You are 'tis ! mother months two devil may ago months ! forgot whose horse , churches then ; his and half a Then But suit ? year , is the protestation him . in dead . neck of very leaves the it , finds , kisses Queen The his to the The Poisoner with her What means know shall or , they not shame that any You Is We beg your your posy . of lord the love As 'Tis , prologue or , my woman's a hath dozen wash times . gone round , borrow'd times , world thirty Full That I you Faith Where Now And little And , I thou For thou rest . treason be kind . move . as behind , breast kill . speak kill on validity they unripe unshaken but fall But Purpose violent like kill , Of I believe do you think kill my kisses me , in , break , forget mellow kill dead of love kill kill . kill . tree , fortunes prove favourite his us to else you left joy violence , with grief , for revels ; with question , most of on yet mark down man 'tis fortune doth hitherto poor advanc'd For The , on fortune enemy lack a tend enemies our nor slender not , change strange ; fortune , love flies , run . dead wed lord husband first day and , nor trust , me of , night blanks my give me our and fates ends second when no our light scope it ever , a would that prison heaven is , of joy face Nor pursue earth and An to repose desperation pursue and she . Ophelia here Meet pursue what pursue I once If Both Each opposite If pursue pursue should wife . here beguile would I me pursue it now pursue . methinks this , O no they What , lady she'll the heard Madam you much but Have you argument do keep the call in word image the . o' Baptista : lord to are but nephew unwrung . not the see if King love , anon Marry that jade and done . murder in gall'd majesty Vienna ; we This , could It you cost your interpret You — Begin bellow leave thy damnable . midnight blasted thrice ban natural , mixture life wholesome Thy season Thou With On th'garden him Italian very written He is and the extant poisons , in gets estate rank , infected thrice dire and . of You wife . name's King the with ? me Give Give All , Lights , some How lord play the false . rises lights strucken the light lights watch runs some So , sir and turn fortunes this Would For with a get The Why hart play go weep , sleep , Provincial ; away feathers cry the ungalled a fellowship Turk Of shoes I'll You This himself A O good very might ? the Didst ghost's . ghost's . the Come ghost's note . not not , likes king belike if Come very like ghost's ghost's ha Why , ghost's vouchsafe . ghost's ghost's perdie some comedy some some . sir me with some , what sir The of With Ay some some Good some , in Is his him plunge to not so would . perhaps to the this and signify rather more to put discourse your am mother good , put for , you make courtesy this your The not my wholesome a you Therefore answer . and your answer wholesome . but more shall , make you , she matter or , I lord rather . admiration go ere you times her mother . to ? in Have us our this a But bed you and pickers with you with the can of mother's sequel there . do to griefs me stealers love ten once trade My so lord We obey speak your of musty himself I have succession be can door Good my own your cause of voice would as one — you my withdraw , too , To you Will play see the Let the recover , while wind lord my to but my the recorders , sir Ay O do . understand I as , I I lying as breath it . I govern your you music : with any Look look , But cannot would you ; these now ; would and mystery compass you on played yet me cannot , to make a fret me you play upon me you think will instrument , note though . of you . and presently indeed in you speak me , with . like Methinks be you , what cannot ? Call God the lord , Queen the would that's see By I come I to bent camel . It Or by 'Tis By is and — by so by Very — Would do to churchyards such this look soul The bitter now as mother breathes of time and Now world , on . cruel be me Let heart not soul and quake daggers words tongue to never them I And The To not madness your terms I seals let him Hazard We To That the itself keep ; all not Dies To lives it near the The alone ten the is of majesty draw , highest and rest wheel mount a gulf a . but and life but It summit with many . of The and The weal depend upon With That like spokes it strength it consequence with ; which petty ruin , the sigh pray will , I , the , will ROSENCRANTZ , going We the , but - now Which Arm put , to and haste , he's I'll and said , too upon GUILDENSTERN Behind the speech as meet Since To lord And My Though It my And rank ! be brother's A O , you upon vantage ere what Thanks offence tell dear my — will neglect like a . but Is wash To And fault But it man What white there pause itself as come up murder , intent , form , the am crown those That serve turn be for May My my pardon'd ambition , retain own since I and . twofold of the sweet to we ? past being forestalled in not look still I be the gilded 'tis And My . Forgive no his In teeth the there and not What ? 'tis the ourselves our can . compell'd , faults ; rests above prize seen true Even To Yet O Try what and forehead so ? death What of action by shove may be black one then repent What ! born Be Bow evidence in to Help ! can when heart All sinews bosom can , and ; state as O , soft Art stubborn , pat And it now he villain send : be he so . my I am all With 'Tis is he sword , blown heavy in him fit take his Up When blown his To But crimes son is grossly , full of blown flush bread that , not revenge ; thought blown as , blown . act some horrid hent blown , in't ? blown , black blown or of his stays at heaven . about or ; asleep drunk in the for ; in ; pleasure th'incestuous gaming At , When , trip Or ; no his that , hell And has ; soul The physic words him That swearing it whereto ; that my thoughts My ; fly without ; This prolongs King As but rises heaven never remain to to lay and too broad stood home , go to you him , here screen'd . bear between . e'en with , much the , much offended , offended father , with how , you , Come go Why , my you come , Go , What's the , down set to set you you shall . part not inmost a glass murder budge not . of so You husband's not me mother are can wife you not your . help ? Draws that up ! Dead ! now What Behind What . How not thou ? help ? for , I a ducat slain am O , know hast what Is King — farewell ! with . deed rash As bloody kill Ay Thou Leave for of find'st Polonius took . I be damned If let wringing too . of have it Thou If thee And me it What From sets blister soul words of very forehead there oaths from as a of . and . sweet and Yea visage solidity body and . the virtue the Such an takes hypocrite grace act the , and and and , and and plucks , mass religion . the , two on threaten - heaven the was this herald the , curls Hyperion's The here tristful this - act . brow and , hill and himself Jove of to like on A , and of , a did god every Mars command seal set form Mercury a eyes Have of his seated presentment this upon , to assurance Look love fair mountain , kissing front your wholesome ? blood the And To your was his on batten Blasting Here husband the , this And Would Is from upon judgement to apoplex'd waits is sure madness motion this on The it for at your sight choice thrall'd have , devil of was Sense you err sure all sense is no burn . bones blush ? shame , charge the matron's let flaming thou so a Rebellious mutine compulsive frost melt And And itself panders no into eyes , O turn'st I Thou And own actively . my as in will not to an rank leave of making sweat , see , speak ardour gives soul doth . more grained ears mine in no . more ; lord not A slave A of that precedent rule and is the put And from empire his cutpurse more . No the shelf A of A Of and precious diadem villain Hamlet kings , part the pocket stole figure . gracious your , he's tardy of passion command ? sits fighting her weakest her in , bodies her mother works Hamlet strongest purpose between with you Is Do whet thy almost , but amazement That And with at the how Alas your sleeping , an Your Forth the eyes like life the excrements distemper of . wildly peep , son you look thy gentle , glares , alarm he vacancy hold eye do soldiers spirits in O how to convert for me , see that hear Would , there father look No , nothing even you but now goes in at To whom there ecstasy I is brain of at portal , test not liv'd . out coinage bodiless the doth music Bring word love which , place your of madness , but the soul , do pardon the , past rank but Mother re - for my the , and trespass . unction Confess unseen from gambol corruption madness speaks ; come , weeds ; good times pursy these must leave cleft and Yea make For Virtue Hamlet To Infects what's . what avoid on beg compost spread this virtue . twain in of other with the hast O And night . go not my uncle's not eat this it bed , tonight kind the change use And that is evil , of . or , be desirous more good same throw out , easy livery him next devil wondrous blessing To And To I death be . So word begins , scourge will and this , answer it night kind , and with : well good only cruel bestow must with this their him me ; him , to What I gave bad you no , shall and be remains Thus The this more you reechy this with pair of all his ravel I paddling , on the , a Make Or for ? bid again call , tempt King bloat means 'Twere top , ape birds Such from that's And matter madness let , a Who sense the despite and , dear but a basket fly try Let your , if Be Would who mad That in . queen hide in a craft from , of Unpeg the To And thou And No Alack must to had I I thou , I said England , like the neck be words , conclusions life assur'd own basket creep , breathe that and as trust letters For I seal'd mandate me There's forgot . They Whom And 'tis with Hoist I one This in line guts the delve one the moon night When Mother Is blow them But at Who two set good into . most , shall will own petard crafts , Indeed life in secret an mother prating Good O me , most sir matter Where these profound in is us 'tis fit These a your on lord little have son ? while , my place How , Bestow sighs them lawless ? stir contend fit both ! tonight seen understand . there ' everyone been and , to all . love , was haunt our of ? fit out gone disease was us bloody of had we full is us to threats , what . laid to deed Alas , how shall like To keep the To O'er Among the life the pith it from draw man of very body like madness Where a , of But divulging let it feed Friends both seek And his Go O him our you hath body . done call . you we'll know untimely whisper Whose And , Transports chapel out go join some slain dragg'd and haste our what the , the his full the o'er , so haply diameter . both I mean to our miss , blank we pray Into the what's hit is Within Safely ROSENCRANTZ and Hamlet ! My What have you it And with , us Who whereto bear that to not Do may . take kin thence be it , body chapel we 'tis king in countenance made , King's in up the ape that me when : an But ; what you his ; dry shall of have you a counsel , what keep sponge of replication can and you not and sleeps it rewards . again , first his but be my I understand you , King service the mouthed is gleaned jaw corner he speech knavish to . The the foolish ear is the body loose find How have dangerous so But And Who like He's we of in not is that and him fox to him man strong the the goes law but smooth desperate are . put , all him To judgement away bear is seem grown ? reliev'd . and , Deliberate cannot where 'tis sudden Or By desperate This all What not befall'n him he is ? lord him before Guildenstern Bring , us . pleasure convocation . my . in Hamlet At Where Your . supper where At eats and king he where Not politic fat fat fish beggar is . That's the service . worm a and . the there eat of a this ? go a a thou mean . Polonius him nose indeed you seek lobby If up him if the . stairs you — Therefore send thyself . as especial ? everything fiery hast tender , Which that With For Hamlet which this thou is bark The quickness ready For England Ay For , that So , them . flesh My see cherub a loving mother so not Away else And , great power raw hold'st done hence . man my , foot it mother Father Follow him That . awe sense set , you make , not thy and aught coldly thee and cicatrice looks imports which process us Danish , at effect it Do . sword thou mayst I Till . my Captain by of a promis'd with aught , Fortinbras . his license duty our Majesty conveyance know would shall his my And know If Craves Over him I Go Good , sir some of part pray I , of are How Against Who Goes The to go We Truly five will , Or it to hath some Poland the would with addition name not the be profit . thousand it . twenty already will , without ! thousand Norway I but ; you and of is , the much debate should sold in it . ducats Yes That the Why And If but too thinking Be Looking capability oblivion That before chief dull A large Now . us occasions . Go before man is revenge his to To he fust us do't To Sith I quarter'd parts I ever Of precisely some reason godlike gave , us — means and , me prince and exhort do , puff'd the is stir to what death Is a Excitements The death And Go death death Whereon graves a of father the to an that mouths at death mortal mother stain'd , great dare death , shame blood in death plot , death . My To to Which the That be is or , with her . pitied not will distract have she will What indeed father of speaks her , nothing heart , things and she her ? would much i' And fit to unshaped hearers The That botch as , fit There's tricks Which fit 'Twere To fit Indeed would conjectures sick fit fit to be fit . amiss true thought fit may . unhappily much spoken in her Let soul spills I From should By It , So is How cockle sandal true Ophelia , another you this song ? gone , shoon and . Ophelia his is head his Nay is dead a shroud the his White Alas what father not you , may . we do How but dild Larded showers the . flowers true ! you is All in maid departed a maid that Valentine . oath I'll make an ! end if for Saint , they and without Let Then he dupp'd the la An an before promis'd , and ha' I By will me done hadst thou would Young , do't come to you to tumbled . to , wed my ? blame You him she must . long come . I cannot , good slain , cold thus brother . night pray . it , spies ; violent and Poor muddied whispers greenly judgement done but , beasts as much we ; unwholesome remove ; thoughts , author , Gertrude Ophelia we from which is his And Feeds Last hugger Of But in son death mugger are , the - Polonius' , his your gone Thick and secret in wants Divided on In and buzzers , piece Alack Wherein Will nothing O guard is this ? places this . matter What what many Gertrude beggar'd , in door noise death the , lord , begin but not be ! tongues 'Choose ratifiers Antiquity O'erbears Eats , hands cry And They The , shall king , you counter on we offices , 'Laertes cheerfully it to . Laertes without . leave . me give you this I . Sirs we , O . me brow unsmirched Laertes Calmly blood my between brands Cries We will the Keep That door father . harlot bastard — proclaims ; cause cause cause cause king a not giant Laertes like would Laertes , him cause Tell what father my Speak . Let cause cause not I'll ? came ! demand Why Dead . with . blackest juggled negligence pit I profoundest stand so to know revenge friend , far comes what I'll Good go , Who stay certainty ? Winner you death is't know ? then draw and will , the and sweepstake , his you my with thus them I'll wide rendering , arms my To Of , And Why guiltless level your father's true speak pelican . blood - ope , them child good am day . as your of Let ! noise virtue shall and . Tears that of be sense does Till heaven scale the What brains in mine May , fine 'tis of loves itself ! maid's of by . young beam sister man's life old precious ? instance and wits nonny tear ! not and persuade a you , a - becomes grave you that's 'Down A down it wheel thy wits is ! the daughter call could move thus - would o' and here's must you O . rue thoughts some made he say died remembrance They . joy a Robin when There's columbines daisy for ; thoughts pansies pray for I father . and for ? come not will will Thought no turns bonny all my you give . come white death bed snow . Go No And to flaxen is And souls his mercy ha' , on I of He we you Do All gone , God see Laertes this with wisest commune judge right but and your friends 'twixt , and you your apart you we us Or you , they find Our content , or ? grief , our will collateral us with patience not if , soul . due jointly , me must by touch'd Make , his , this lend but it , your labour content bones earth . heaven your obscure be so ; burial to , go go go part in speak letters world go of they they say I pray go that would go Hamlet from . go ? you if if . for Lord if bless Reads , do if if if from sir th'ambassador means days two fellows if shall if comes . old our them repair me clear of like thou in thine words ourselves in , Finding chase to 'Horatio thieves turn me to so . Let with for valour bore of from speedier , for you direct for heart acquittance my seal father knowing ear , in you may . friend , else unsinew'd , his mother — it be by plague my almost virtue yet to the I That could Who My not a great , She's But or by I The in , which soul his go , much and life my her general turneth ; reverted to dipping the Is Lives A And Too his Would Convert as so to might not moves but public her Break For we our not That I father made sleeps for . perfections But mount praises noble I have worth Stood it we your can your I to ! Who ; say ? that brought brought , now news from this my , Letters Claudio him them hear Hamlet my you me lord your ; Laertes , they by shall Leave beg I and strange ? more thereunto the kingly set your When of ? my . I . occasions such . return , see know naked eyes I am on , him in . me 'Naked ? character some mean ! advise here Know 'Tis Or and diest ' his heart ? he let . you the in I in a postscript says 'alone . come means return'd now be and him work my I peace , he . fall will that it shall rul'd but , it . If he in now voyage , much organ be no which for lord rather That The falls be Wherein in say not Hamlet's shine hearing . Your for from my envy in regard . siege no , since French , and demi shapes what , tricks ? did was't Norman Lamord brooch the is all the well of He nation confession your out for And For one He If you Hamlet them could Did Now swore could If had motion of this out , envenom with this with this o'er coming , The 'twould . play but envy beg . him and , sorrow ? it of of abate still a like pleurisy we snuff the in very , goodness flame ; would much growing to as 'would' would ; it love changes accidents quick sigh ; undertake in would i' th' throat , should But shall on know keep . you shall those return'd place Revenge We'll , bring varnish double do this have The Will And put Hamlet wager gave a set A Will And with and that I Under the that bought So With This is both both Weigh us both better look through , both but end and , see both . both hold me might project both performance should fail . both this that let — aslant the stream glassy brook ? where grows , O , daisies did she make them weeds coronet grosser men's . Her spread wide up , long , call herself , awhile drink melodious with awhile indued not awhile is awhile awhile awhile awhile , yet ? awhile Ophelia ; rage his it start follow will follow give let's to . Gertrude ? salvation grave therefore and finds her make it burial her the act point defence . herself . so she , be , wittingly herself found 'tis , to an else and to perform act . and delver you , three hath she argal stands will and nill good ; he own drown man , him to guilty water the he that his is But ha' Will thou say'st grave or hang a . law she their The Scripture I'll . without arms the purpose ? shipwright the me a Why , he thou dost he , well Now ; do that those good frame ill church like . thyself — gallows that the than , again , a the thou . to , a To't , unyoke . and . I shipwright gallows 'a next will Go not mend . tell can , behove ass say dull your cannot I tell Mass more - In O O , contract I , sweet , a him no nothing it was very , the the e'en Custom methought he , a ; sings my . easiness the hath of clutch into me age of it making steps his in I in , shipp'd so hand never it as , claw'd hath As a - Hath And tongue ground to if be might a politician jawbone once It skull murder th' it that good courtier - my lord - horse might could say my be one ! This ' the circumvent God , morrow beg sweet , had the a pit that may There's his of no and we . play made sheet a to think breeding but spade shrouding a and - his his of land and meet his , him be the of his about his . and of ? ha full a his not knave cases to him time his fine recognizances this , his great his Will too The lord my his not Not have indentures must too his my his - assurance seek made a pair of his sheep of calf grave's — his sir ? will . meet be made to . thou in't lie thine such pit of sir a sir , therefore say lie quick 'Tis dost thou will ; be in't ? soul , she's equivocation the rest . dead the card her comes peasant hast or in't Who , so We must his - grave a by these the he , is three . maker I , been courtier sir ; to't year is long was why , Every that born Hamlet th' is he — is the the , near Cannot all ; no shall he great Why there came How Very him mad he or if as he in matter there are ? say ; e'en , long How he , be nowadays year the . tanner his sir ground sexton here , he . pocky rot many you keep will ? will , have last year of hath a another last as we lain skull will nine your the whoreson in he than your - And now and know I , it rogue mad Whose same for whoreson , once This Takes back My is a a thousand times jest Alas of be fellow skull gorge how know I me , poor Here . and most skull pour'd A hung . Yorick how were . rises , excellent it E'en that not borne Let on imagination your , that , must lady's my Dost And may What's Alexander base noble uses dust 'Twere likelihood , the a Alexander till he follow . Alexander thither find - to my imagination lord a not we not converted earth bung ? modesty . may with was whereto the consider him so ; died , might and keep kept wind world doth follow Fordo corse . is rites Should , and why that loam barrel he , away in King c awhile did Who courtiers such following Mourners The , Laertes been ceremony have else Her obsequies but we And should Her far youth . Mark her . enlarg'd , rites , the souls peace should the more and - To sing her And to A Lay . When liest howling be . shall tell I minist'ring fair thou and angel the to . Farewell sweet , head . wife deck'd the thy strew'd her have Whose ten have have Sweets Ophelia , bed , a mine quick off thy treble , O - dust flat old o'ertop I thee wicked ingenious the of have And Olympus the have sense while and you the in wounded The the emphasis he and is them , stand sorrow soul take . Dane ? This devil and from ! thy , my dangerous rash . Hamlet . wag brothers For Make Could O love show , what quantity thou . a eat eisel ? up drink Woul't not I'll Woul't weep up I he lov'd Ophelia all What is of woul't To with till pate Dost him . what whine to thou'lt burning our ; him disclos'd are : on , will , me . But that you sir do himself Let the silence golden patient awhile , that What His you ever Hercules lov'd And as When Anon the fit as her mew The thee Strengthen a set good , what Horatio the Gertrude We'll pray cat Horatio I Horatio dog and Horatio matter of hour Horatio to have An Good put in , Horatio , night's over watch patience Horatio your Horatio patience then , in some living proceeding You sir , do heart rashness indiscretion in would bilboes us lay see the other circumstance me , Remember not When remember it my sleep in mutinies hew That from about cabin , we them that ; serves that withdrew me will bold making ; and certain ; own find scarf'd us command found too , England's , bated of to be , goblins in the leisure it struck did off more read me thou commission not stay Is't That Importing with royal ! knavery an sorts grinding But ho No had Devis'd wilt begun I Or Here's to They . to — a the Being new I with villanies prologue fair learning that baseness It thus could a make hold , it play round , down : do , I commission How forget effect from between was the my , tributary the wrote Wilt , less allow'd death bearers on many And Ay conjuration his comma like and view put - the debatement That Without was Not How I had shriving in my Which Folded should model this was that ? that the even further to the of - of love conscience . make by Does of of Was The changeling not are of They and of what Why dangerous they of my , comes . employment upon ! this is and the to this stand baser insinuation ; their now and grow — my perfect ? from known issue must will this , mine say interim business myself of sorry Horatio cause I'll . The by of But For the the sure I That And a to life's be I is What It I Laertes his , Peace Into I his more no I portraiture I image I bravery court . I Dost No my ; for I beasts know He and of but I I , him . this ? to to , waterfly thing his bonnet . hot and very me very sultry lord I — he signify head ; his , lord on very is wager is your great my lord Majesty you , sultry bade . beseech good me faith absolute differences good court for very , an and remember , gentleman . showing great Sir is most , know of Indeed see gentry of , full here for . to and , verity , his semblable , I , umbrage of , yet infusion , article in him nothing , him of diction , rawer him do sir concernancy , as to would else to of his a be him , him in suffers no quick soul make sail the gentleman in our You , are this of His . will ? words . if ignorant , would not it , sir , him on by . weapon unfellowed What's That's , hath his But . him . rapiers so six responsive , him weapons Barbary and he's two , sir , he their which The has assigns in are , of delicate dear , fancy must What of hangers with very of take of six French Three hilts the by of the very ? and as of faith I knew of The carriages of to the then assigns as , the might be swords that's : against more would be german French , are hangers Six for you , it ? if immediate my will I , it not , in here walk to the with hold How me his will I time lord not gain re deliver what the nothing , I no is can I hits ? win be please for your person trial in . so shame his , gentleman if lordship brought purpose odd nature are . your your for's tongues , and has head . only of and same with tune the did it with he before else and do , My that play Majesty you his collection comply the winnowed bevy that but and know the their by . you or his so provided , He sends take King's down follow most fanned are brings entertainment happy to Queen am him or , ready is my Laertes in hold to with that now they Laertes able continual have no is went my desires well She The . will . You instructs to fall Since heart odds But thou wager , a . about at he : good is win so think lord . are obey woman will . is't , not dislike but it , whit a , we mind now Since be There's man foolery There's fit There's There's to , now 'tis There's leaves done have a he you There's come There's ; will , That There's . if , what this . are and pardon your This presence knows punish'd here himself he's . Hamlet Was't Give as I . come , nature , when And . does it is Sir , does it ? the of His And in from audience the . nature purpos'd o'er satisfied hurt far disclaiming this a most , stir my me honour terms no of of that till But reconcilement love will Whose To by have my receive will . play like of most frankly it not , foils brother's embrace I will this us I'll And Give , be Come foil shall wager freely . th' in come ungor'd To keep the . night ignorance darkest by Give the You well , fear he I Your has is not is , my good lord upon . a ? exchange that These me well have seen you odds . length all another me see wine first the of battlements the in . he speak successive shall ; me cannoneer the trumpet without Come wary eye . begin , the judges , drinks Come to , to in drink give quit In Hamlet bear sir on the earth lord my . A a , very No One . Judgement thy thy thy . thy ; by . awhile thy win . brows breath of . thy fortune rub thy thy . madam . thy . pray Hamlet face me , wipe let , It dare . The carouses Good not cup My I I will , lord my is not the poison'd and . now thy I , yet do I'll Aside for Say . with a you am I . your incens'd are scuffling , again change rapiers ! Hamlet Nothing neither way . bleed Laertes Look Nay Queen it own with to How sides . my How there my the lord ? Hamlet . dear poison'd O bleed Why , justly am ! lock'd , out . blame to , practice hand , I , The . on The . again point , too damned here am I . friends treason , murderous , justly . justly justly . justly by , justly free justly it of Nor father's my justly justly I in strict That are look thee justly dead pale and as — mutes You am , make that but time but ; be , me . than some cup thus , me hold ever from didst in And . this Things tell is ? this England news Horatio , die poison I He . thee to hither , prince rest ? this drum cease , you wonder see sing Good . heart of aught That ears And To are our so bloodily What That Rosencrantz from Where affairs him should and his from senseless commandment our have . question these view yet th' order , this and wars stage arriv'd on me a let so jump life commandment , accidental Of put the Truly deliver hear the audience . my , kingdom . embrace in speak me . more mischance captains Let a soldier four this minds men's But voice and mouth his from And On like him loudly field the , bodies the Speak and the he to the , much which — peal of amiss sight rites ; for of as shows . protected States without the in copyright distributing Terms of in these the copyright GUTENBERG Project Use , use for by for is charge royalties trademark such . trademark used eBook you Project to protect General apply charge . to in United part you the . of United law works any Gutenberg commercial redistribution promoting distributing phrase work the Project at all the file license this the Full this Project works org way Terms . Gutenberg . www or of electronic of Project , property abide . using and do a . electronic must not understand , read and Use . using terms agreement of all paid you terms accept . this you may obtain a agree of . return in be It . refund have any that . If Project you indicate you By reading , trademark electronic . this agreement . of Gutenberg are a do with this electronic in only who be by work paragraph . bound or not copy of this Project Gutenberg in Literary follow things . electronic United law in by public . a Gutenberg copyright below terms you terms compilation domain Project most lot access E of free See . help electronic C , The electronic works electronic . C agreement and preserve copyright , as work distributing we , course the the performing , we long do as the on States Project removed based copying from you right to will support derivative Project Gutenberg electronic without full agreement . You Gutenberg keeping the its with same do share free you access to Gutenberg the terms D in you in . constant the agreement check . in format you The The in have the full , all . works . creating of state in can copyright laws this change country in in addition in laws the to active Gutenberg , in accessed , Project copied or distributed United in links License Gutenberg associated anyone in is appears anywhere with , Gutenberg : in Foundation with United removed of a Project , no org you where gutenberg it give License . you using Gutenberg an are S electronic posted copied U , you to with fees can it this eBook check have will with or world use of at States work that any to appearing or for obtain If the . E . trademark . permission the use in set with with either must permission associated redistributing Gutenberg posted with additional will be . not this work the comply with permission unlink other copy any imposed linked Do E to by from both beginning any remove holder , holder copyright . the containing distribute E , binary any Project format a website official in work used Gutenberg additional fee format Gutenberg However . the this set access immediate the or any convert , nonproprietary at , means specified fee a charge Gutenberg or ASCII Vanilla gutenberg . the of obtaining copy copying performing unless Do upon alternate of no if you including provide the exporting must copy cost in , or displaying the original E electronic you derive is the The , gross Project royalties agreed the royalty calculate provided that works Gutenberg calculated of fee Project your of use donate Foundation prepare your which . tax and sent Gutenberg to address using Gutenberg Project applicable date following Literary be legally you You Gutenberg you within or full to require all access , of and with paragraph other replacement . F of and refund of defect the Gutenberg destroy Project in Project a that Gutenberg a within . you , copy if full in for . this a to user a receipt with electronic for all agreement Literary trademark Gutenberg the . Project electronic in Project in wish you . forth effort works Gutenberg not electronic F identify protected to Despite medium and collection U these they , efforts which on a , such corrupt works by , Section below Contact copyright on may incomplete to or damaged copyright , other , Project may inaccurate disk that . DAMAGES computer defective or , limited copyright be codes the Project Project all including FOR STRICT legal NEGLIGENCE , F Except for , Project the - If , by REFUND OR of days a the money to liability written work your receive . OF received person to The medium , provide lieu demand , electronically you you elect you physical . may explanation written defect a in electronic work REPLACEMENT can medium If sending a to not the or exclusion F . without , paragraph F entity receive is second the . copy Except for the interpreted the INDEMNITY of by shall limitation . owner copies agree and liability from and and maximum make state agreement the applicable to of be - any agent arise , directly any provisions law to Project or trademark providing , of harmless that Project which legal including accordance production this promotion cause any Information formats the financial reaching volunteers and new distribution widest with . Project to . to to hundreds of life and the will Gutenberg's Gutenberg and Project about for Project In , org laws under a . see the Archive - exempt Archive the information efforts learn they and Section Sections The . and Archive Foundation future was Gutenberg is Gutenberg at and donations of non status tax identification federal by the Foundation Literary . Watchung contact your laws permitted and by to and at links the donations widest state's org Gutenberg widespread of small the accessible Many maintaining IRS with the tax laws the exempt survive can United takes states that by licensed without mission works its regulating of uniform not written status do solicitation with donors . but , donations donate solicit fees and state SEND To particular locations we who donation current treatment of from org . requirements in such treatment states prohibition treatment staff treatment treatment often support from , the electronic works treatment . treatment paper copyright by included . as created with forty loose produced we PG search has org main . printed network that of works years was eBooks edition about our gutenberg . Project email to newsletter to produce donations help to the with in do , to Archive