unfold yourself . carefully . Get upon your to hour , at quiet guard . 'Tis heart cold Marcellus make ! Stand this night the I hear Friends to honest farewell has my O what , is , soldier good who , Give you - night . of good of him of along this I twice take our have sight the eyes this come us your , assail our speak we Barnardo against awhile down nights are When we so What That let us hear , two sit Last star his Had course then one part of that's it with ? harrows like scholar a same Thou art Most art spoke me , and . be King ; not the like thou Together In usurp'st , 'Tis Stay which the of buried . not and ! God ! I eyes to King ! the ! armour in Polacks when Norway combated angry . parle opinion ; know at to of gone jump art he stalk particular strange now Why This , and he thought hath , some and eruption scope strange the this sit down strict before Thus what In Good So Why such impress of , joint that even on by but goes can That know whisper - labourer inform can Our last King ; conqueror , heraldry a Fortinbras to emulate and law who world by his the by ; inheritance our the and , Fortinbras same , other , by in't well terms lost And of our and the preparations foresaid I some to lawless is strong so so this rummage , lands us , father the of think it be , no may That Comes Well Of was the that and motive our our of this but like these Julius fell the figure e'en armed Disasters As A graves squeak stars Was And with is is through in whose the harbingers earth the still Neptune's In mote it of state Roman , precurse preceding together . and heaven omen countrymen it climatures where soft I'll Upon even like influence the of in gibber and sick almost trains fire of dews and ; doomsday of the on again illusion voice comes demonstrated , blast our But it say treasure hast the uphoarded ! to , Extorted thee Speak , you O thou of Stop ! earth speak partisan in of thy avoid foreknowing walk oft ! life in . being do offer We it 'Tis it not with Shall Do strike at morn , earth guilty . violence malicious show of , hies cock , herein singeth spirit planets , stir ; spirit at shrill and ; in made crowing the that is Saviour's ever dawning , nor wholesome gracious hath , heard , the our impart young us dumb , consent needful in we Hamlet what of watch ; to us for up we , and most this I conveniently him loves our it with him find shall I you Unto pray we of Cornelius Laertes , Lords Hamlet in one , sorrow , queen , joy defeated dropping dirge eye and delight with one a with of brow and fought nature remembrance sister of on our warlike have For know young thanks barr'd dole in , Th'imperial in funeral auspicious and and we state freely this one equal mirth follows this to by supposal of our Fortinbras our have nor . you all brother's with message frame late which , that our With Holding Or He Now His Of business with to this disjoint and fail'd valiant most not be our and of rid to : Cornelius of of Giving to this , full and his good you no the To You business Of these with For , further impotent gait , lists this To for , and we : bed ; you , subject The bearers Out In Laertes , nothing let doubt now us , suit what's , show our , further to personal than your more . the duty . VOLTEMAND haste King allow heartily the beg , wouldst of to thou not asking , you ? instrumental not be . of native offer to the the thy to with . Laertes the more and though I my wishes them thoughts to father's must I will laboursome petition seal'd lord my He I do , you his beseech hour best now A . little graces Aside so Not Ay , And let Thou 'tis know'st not ! seems Why Seems 'Tis Nor me can But These To you But , know , your lost and But some suits , Hamlet , might passeth in , indeed play of father ; woe in the and within that truly mourning duties in in in bound survivor , heaven grief a 'Tis , simple must in we heart should unfortified a in In To A any Why in the ? Fie in most reason the know we 'This From Is of so ; no dearest less let to of his For father . in bears , to : son throne your Wittenberg of and our , eye . remain . stay I , I It Our we you school retrograde back going In Sits But the - that King's rouse the shall drinks the heart accord ; Madam in Come a flesh would and dew again bruit to Everlasting solid not God . uses ! things in gross should That . merely grows Possess months dead excellent to on't it — a satyr seed Oh the it come much to to was my of roughly too ; so that rank world unprofitable fix'd ! God ! the of appetite . Heaven winds earth him garden this so loving , beteem ere those , yet Frailty — have My , Let , on on't — fed think month which God , father's brother Hercules that like month unrighteous wicked , left With nor It is break , married not such for dexterity O , most flushing the . married discourse she Why wants more . the to I mourn'd Than She yet Ere ; Had But my heart your lordship my to ! ever lord my servant friend , Horatio sir . so it know you of do in you faith — lord Good good you make your that my enemy are own , violence depart ? father's - funeral Elsinore your say ear . report no in truster disposition , my wedding upon . meats . tables my see . king a Horatio for in goodly his again . all Or ever had met my dearest methinks , my that I Where ; mind's he , eye was I take upon Who ? deliver . marvel attent love This had For Upon an witness ear , of gentlemen you father , watch night , your solemn pie - with thrice they to with jelly length cap surprised of . fear watch me in true to , did eyes he , march , watch . to , Did And It lifted motion , like morning sound the from it the And But answer 'Tis sight our . down it my do I And let did , vanish'd very it head shrunk it this watch tonight , our of sirs MARCELLUS We live think but lord . toe ? his my lord he not lord his ? up head from he yes countenance , more O or I would Nay , eyes his pale upon . amaz'd ? long . much Very While like saw't . I when have , It And I'll If be , assume tenable an it requite I'll eleven and no So loves your your visit you . your though father's should 'twixt to speak bid hold me Let Your father's loves some still spirit mine to men's deeds night is : My I Till Though the all then Hold violet perfume permanent in a , Do The assistant me , not sleep , minute nature of sweet of a , no no more . does it but more not this no you besmirch fear not is temple alone ? so no the Perhaps no The no In no Grows His The he the therefore for May Then , it the , keep Out it Fear And The the not her Virtue Too oft she Or If weigh , fear rear danger prodigal beauty and none near imminent liquid blastments in before though . fear keep spring disclos'd of dew best wary Be Youth to As I smiles a a my here double father comes . sail ; second leave you shame . grace double A you thou these wind here Yet sits thought thy in thoughts act in . thee Beware ; steel tried , thy judgement voice with thy quarrel may reserve few beware ear thine a - new entrance that to each Of Bear't Give th'opposed Take man's express'd habit in France select nor oft borrowing all follow as the own self night ; man be thine , not I And it then to dulls loses the Neither a and oft the be blessing : do my this to the true husbandry . day . false canst : go What yourself And The So is't Ophelia : Lord oft and Hamlet . yourself bounteous tell you , 'tis yourself honour clearly on most as hath . your daughter behoves between What hath something he hath — Give of affection his hath He lord Of ! speak hath tenders many green girl ? call a you hath me hath , think circumstance understand my you it You do ? hath is in tenders , ta'en not — you Pooh his know not I Do Affection you , I'll , it , lord My , crack not Or ! such have Marry ; think my yourself lord of the more dearly a Tender me me — you'll ; know you'll you'll his , heat Giving Lends you'll more tongue vows catch the the When you'll must something You , extinct in making ; you'll for , From a . your of maiden he he a your For , young Lord higher blazes . I heaven : Not Than Than Even in Set may Do not And command . Look to't . in sanctified his with to , Have give you But . him so of . to . talk words like not . shall The air is a No I shrewdly ? nipping Indeed Wherein think , of now it I ? as wake tonight and trumpet of takes his my manner born Ay Is The And to heavy and the tax'd our drunkards breach the This Makes From They That The our pith for Soil their , traduc'd , revel other west : guilty them particular his — of these , star that Fortune's much and too forts that ; the stamp defect — as grace , evil , take undergo of censure general fault his own lord of to not will Let , father me King I with That thy we burst thee burst op'd up corse , shake glimpses and our of our we ? souls What ? fools of ponderous his dead , thou Making With Say , do with courteous a to Look waves It It Being me it beetles o'er Or tempt waves It if forth my What for into might And That . to ? sovereignty horrible reason it every roar I'll it many puts place very And . desperation fathoms more waves me lord hands not , in lion's this lets me follow thee ghost . of him me artery shall out gentlemen . desperate 'tis I'll , follow ; let's . thou wilt When Pity art What when , To thy am Doom'd And the day am , bound , to father's unfold my Thy thy harrow two each eyes I up and like secrets purg'd a foul the crimes could thy tale whose - lightest freeze locks combined thy start away of soul stars hair stand must ! thy List dear didst Murder Murder foul But , with wings . the Lethe on find in , sleeping in fat hear , youth of life noble father's death orchard ease swift , my of the process know Now my ease ease witchcraft , ease O wicked ease ease That From , will Hamlet , whose falling - virtuous shameful the lust — never shape it of mov'd , there of even ; though on radiant a I prey itself it , hand that the gifts bed ; morning my the garbage a marriage was dignity to were will ; link'd vial did effect through body of , uncle afternoon of of of of of , mine ; of smooth smooth loathsome into milk smooth ; smooth unanel'd head of this act incest most ! sent , my it smooth damned Denmark ! heaven well smooth be at . near , be , me Remember fire What not instant thee old holds . while of Remember , shall my Yes volume all the . memory , records there thee globe books And all live forms , youth of In this Yea Within Unmix'd one O am uncle My tables , 'Adieu My Within . Within Illo , it ! be Lord , lord So . ho Come ! boy , ho lord my , ho Within lord ? heaven tell you'll , No reveal it my Not I , my , I secret heaven and you'll Nor then you How HORATIO by an my lord no needs There Why , more that it it every i' circumstance shake and hath , as as You are I'm Yes There's For , These faith but let what you go ; is but And much your is desire you as are you Give is't good tell , lord my too honest my lord scholars And know ghost , by Yes It , what , O'ermaster't me , now We friends , known Indeed , have upon . truepenny . my lord this , fast so . sword have heard good this and , strange . myself , on meet mercy — you But wondrous , i' remove come — never head bear help . shall disposition phrase shall , we - and and to not this — Beneath perturbed love poor a man commend so all , With The ever out joint come lack his my rest mercy at your most need you do not . spirit and I shall , this I time , Give my wisely , and . good to , lord Reynaldo . intend said . it are well what first who What That By , how Marry and , company encompassment , at know particular 'twere know my will knowledge mark very , Ay him' 'I , in part part , so mean ' and he's take him please , ' but , wanton companions To are such As , or , Quarrelling no My , my ? gaming swearing . so in on . the scandal it dishonour , not but breathe another to fiery is he may savageness flash seem : in Of A But outbreak the taints . my I laying You And Ay should drift my here's would , warrant my on sullies you in him a . working . that crimes would , the guilty consequence assur'd sound th' , little a slight you i' soil'd Mark seen 'gentleman' ; ' phrase country lord or the . and sir Very , What about , or 'closes I He , At mass He There 'I Videlicet then Or At 'friend 'closes in with such t'other ; and know ay the , say — now sale' . carp of truth , bias . yourself his Good , shall in him his lord . so God been the doublet in sewing his stockings ankle chamber gyved to - in , his and , his , his so , a he been thy love loosed with name of , his , out his , not Mad , piteous he comes look had did . arm down . mine and bulk profound . of he lets he over That seem rais'd his — would . And He a head he At As end . leads violent property desperate . under passion I love , the King on seek sorry am of , late , command ! judgement trifle my did and he his did His ; but access lord sorry seems beyond as common . is cast to quoted That am not had To It it I mad opinions younger the fear'd jealousy age Welcome much need to , hate utter Rosencrantz we , More Our Of Resembles that What thus call you you the King . move , Guildenstern to long hasty being as , so by you unknown us you to neighbour'd vouchsafe on pleasures within afflicts hath he , gentlemen Good That So cannot young from death , I so dream days entreat up court occasion , occasion occasion occasion remembrance king's profit occasion you power occasion your the entreaty to pleasures occasion more . hope have majesties dread give lay , To ourselves in Guildenstern your . commanded be Rosencrantz beseech Guildenstern much , and too And Heavens My and And and and changed these gentlemen and bring . good lord and . my Norway joyfully Are lord been my , liege good hold I Assure father of news , have . mine of I sure brain so do to hear th'ambassadors long found King good do . policy this to trail cause hath of be admittance do fruit bring in great that ; do found main marriage . that the distemper do son's but do o'erhasty . hath . Norway ? found him to desires brother Polack and out , in and never brief uncle against with annual fee joy , griev'd ; overcome your sends Highness , his arms he Norway Majesty more soldiers , of three old th'assay against further this down business took we'll night your consider'd well ; read . enterprise , quiet pass this , liege business madam , what ended welcome at rest Were night night What your Answer My and , And Mad call is't be I What , I nothing but This Why since will pity remains For effect it rather out true . I then cause by of effect , remains , art no foolish true figure use . will of , the , obedience mine Perpend defect comes cause have whilst , and ; most 'beautified' hear . shall I be . be sun the truth at am madam to ill love thee most , lady these numbers love move . best whilst obedience dear , not art doth stars awhile stay , to time out do think faithful of receiv'd my this me show'd solicitings means of When As my my Or had I dear perceiv'd I fain had , seen would I I Or What not Hamlet is a mistress ? upon heart desk told Majesty my you think I given look'd Before I I this me a this thus ' messengers , I he done Admit This I 'Lord And young . should Thence Thence Fell might , And lock she into , repulsed , she a watch you think fain know , that ' , so ? very time I there may know otherwise . find were it this if together him , her an daughter thereon , to , away . reading Hamlet ? fishmonger a I sir , honest ten this as Then For if the her not How you carrion ? he gone far much fishmonger a was I . my , lord as on harping suffered — words words do , a Yet , is read extremity . What again matter the who lord . read they not old . am , though plentiful a if method honesty have , there the , eyes lack thus powerfully and you ? my Will . you potently with ; tree sir this you out go air of backward How my purging their as o' which him . you leave leave and part . daughter of except life will , lord that my more reason will , him and pregnant on my . most the , from except between take life my I fools ; is . there Guildenstern both ? you sir dear How ! good thou how Rosencrantz that cap we are are of her we ; true the middle of her ? strumpet . my lord privates news but the is a honest Let good , that have What , she my ? not grown , and for narrow a count that one space , bounded Which dream is so , Truly hold , I A is , beggars but a of airy and shadow For GUILDENSTERN you , lord my way beaten To I my am visit are . say ; nay free a it ? You which ? by modesties we too in thanks ; but I dear Is , Come , my King me , by you lord conjure were your have sent for of proposer obligation rights could sent you better whether , me no say love , a me to seems , earth the , no thing other this majestical to the indeed the air , not , my lost Queen goes , it you and golden , with this fire noble express , like in foul man , how and , woman what the nor . thoughts so , say in said I , when you coming be knight shall king they from the adventurous , make gratis lady shall shall those Even think they indeed endeavour , common are the most are children of aerie , clapped children quality their they if been much them argument tarre the . poet for to O , they carry it brains of . his load than too than those , than , twenty , than his picture natural . than . than with . you than . You than ? the handsaw is wind players ceremony appear father what . gentlemen ear of out too hearer a swaddling . players morning — you so Mark . is them . them have you baby Happily will them you he's them , lord tell comes he right them them , news them I you hither , them ass his on actor world , The in - the historical too - writ treasure judge , Jephthah comical - actors Seneca tragical , loved daughter , lord no well . Aside , Still The , he Why lord daughter , I , love , then follows lord , Jephthah ? that it know most show I ! all O thou Come . a speech , a but I — top I of with as mine down were there nor one digested remember , but called much very Aeneas' more , memory and of play , heard , thee , caviare not , whose general , for , by matter . chiefly , at handsome . me sable arms , live , let , If and thereabout wholesome lines much in phrase , might the see it the indite see of in it me it night it horse resemble : your it — it it ominous with Pyrrhus it it foot to complexion with Roasted and in the with , coagulate a parching daughters , with the tyrannous lend vile like o'ersized . with a proceed good with and accent good with with discretion with , flaming with , painted to against often heavens the in bold as hush the death sets the him Cyclops' after a - Pyrrhus' dreadful the , hammers proof Pyrrhus' All , Fortune strumpet falls on Priam , away her from , down the to , the , of , or , wheel . good say Prithee Hecuba come that a loins caught tongue all lank barefoot Where Run made of move eyes all made husband's malicious have passion the burning gods colour no , in have well will you your ; I lord well , After man used the better the while better Use ? Come the much merit after , 'scape they less Dost We'll tomorrow , you . a down , Very or ha't sixteen lines which lord , my and . welcome My good not you . friends to my are Now am I , nothing Hecuba would What ? all soul force , his voice his eyes conceit For , her or the and He the general him Hecuba have he the the very Confound faculties That That Make dull I mad And Had The cleave Why Remorseless this , With But deep 'Swounds I make offal , Oh my the ass son , like I fall scullion I to struck I About Have I And A I I I I have That have They Before tent him have course the a Out Abuses than catch have I'll relative is As have have the conscience The . potent pleasing to have uncle be T'assume May The of I'll me this and with damn very such have the me to his dangerous himself lunacy why turbulent cause he will feels no well ? to be and harshly With find a bring crafty state you gentleman a he Did Of true his of . told joy court already . him of order the have your Majesties kind a are they to 'Tis most to see doth further . these . inclin'd give , To my hear hear his And Will father and him by may If't gather bestow their myself , my 'twere by sent Affront that th'affliction be good your your And for Of walk bestow , will ourselves . 'Tis That And a Aside Your Ophelia hear Let's take to opposing Let's not by more Let's Let's Let's Let's Let's in , sleep For Let's we to shuffled have When that makes the pause wrong love , man's and spurns takes make the law's his would dispriz'd pangs bare he under Who a the weary death , respect , unworthy something of sweat from ills not , all us , resolution those whose bourn will the we know puzzles , undiscover'd traveller us to o'er enterprises this the With And The fair all my . and bear rather fly Than conscience And And Is of Good honour thank you well , of them . deliver yours you breath receive , so ; rich more words for to well aught right prove lord sweet noble mind . unkind perfume ; compos'd their givers when , my ha ! you ? Are lord fair , lordship ? your admit discourse than honesty will sometime was bawd the my is into not Ay beauty it what likeness it believed me of for you made cannot I virtue so you loved so believe once you me . relish was I shall . Why wouldst yet had thou I could borne I none your my ? Farewell play the lord he may . if well nunnery a wise nunnery for ice , heard and , and make lisp Go , have , no the rest will more Those as here , is scholar's keep ; no I'll , shall have to live . shall marriages more Now That And Like That T'have Nor Love ? spake sits hatch for disclose , prevent speed and : in quick which shall in matter beating on't heart his different , expel , neglected tribute : thus grief his what lord you , Hamlet Lord now as entreat him , please said Ophelia I , after the alone , My hold you if heard need queen his Let And To But all . fit it grief his plac'd , their Your Madness in but say give periwig smoothness . whirlwind all use capable such are , the of out - Herods have a Herod let but warrant modesty purpose the is , observance not Be Suit so overdone your show your body and your now of tardy your o'erweigh a grieve your heard others theatre the your your play — seen , your judicious the virtue time her was , and that neither profanely Christian , some thought of is , considered in fool though themselves , King too my that make hasten GUILDENSTERN and , to my your at . man . service , be absurd lick tongue hope I may not dear ; thee good but , my , Nay ? thy , O e'er To and And Where no . buffets Fortune's for thee in man with blood ta'en That To And , seal'd judgement thanks in . play thee core and what is heart's passion's she a pipe too the my near , a damned ghost imaginations my stithy . is I There I As he As It Give him his . judgements seeming theft his . our , playing be . chameleon's Hamlet ; these are . capons : My ? say was enact i' . good lord , a th' patience your Capitol actor . killed Brutus Be the capital him ready ? upon Hamlet stay metal you do in . lord ? that lap ? between maids' legs ? to , Nothing . but do a and . my merry within's died . father be lord , for months churches hobby hobby horse , memory , let man's he a heavens ago , his ; lovingly very seeing , him , Queen down takes and fellow He him is forgot outlive shall , leaves asleep her , and takes to lament The Queen or four is , but in Poisoner The in . unwilling and his ? mischief play lord my ; of the cannot ; show they'll play to mark tragedy . of . ring clemency our , round borrow'd twelve most may o'er are so love your ere the sick in , dozen times hath Tellus' with orbed So Make That Discomfort I far me from Yet and , again , So But what little must fears I operant , and their thee littlest my it holds quantity . know . too there fear . as kind , accurst the me in dead ; be validity , when 'tis passion on the is to they mellow doth , of violence ending enactures in we propose strange not accident 'tis grief with yet fortunes to his or you lead not joy revels most , slender most on ; should us question advanc'd not fortune loves else of tend : joy of hope and heaven light , destroy scope it strife , I ! it break fain leave me I thy come us , you , she'll this The And Madam , too the argument , heard Have , do Marry . shall done see , is Lucianus one your , our if our you good our I our would It a better our . off our . our keen my our edge thy revenge . bellow murderer the , blasted , extant is the , him property Gonzago shall . Gonzago's name's see anon how wife You . All o'er frighted love , Why , Lights Give Give me lights strucken , share a a For dost whole Half a ; fellowship A thou , This Jove Of very in two cry world . Provincial feathers away word rhymed for a comedy , Come . him the not . not music like he some king note it , perdie . the very the vouchsafe my lord Ay , sir , marvellous King a , whole , of what my should Your , for wisdom me to show doctor my Good , sir lord I sir courtesy are wholesome answer and sir . affliction you to great sir . sir I . my I Sir pardon sir . is your sir , sir my answer mother — amazement her . But is mother hath admiration desires son wonderful thus she says , that at She We to speak she trade in closet ere mother's a stonish these , your so my your when Ay , can see the succession have the of deny you what lack Denmark — Will be grass , if not understand duty grows with proverb the my you . do Believe that , pray I lord as thumb , beseech me touch govern , these ventages your finger and most have I will the with are with unworthy know sound is command now would there would it make me pipe God with almost . camel ? you would speak yonder Methinks It the mass , and By backed by . I say . by — by will come Very mother bent so me night I hell witching time easily said and business as , let now ; firm . ever not : it Therefore nor range I And The terms so he your to of let him like I Hazard near Out holy Most single all the live To keep and and armour peculiar from many it of It highest is thousand ten which . petty , the mind , bound but ; of much majesty wheel , speedy footed us his . mother audience and . the . this fear . 'Tis as that vantage them ere you you I it curse upon't , lord know to more Fare some makes upon And , intent strong sharp ! be to where itself enough in Whereto ? offence of I'll but ere visage to fall , serves heavens begin : snow , force snow up Then we ? snow as prayer O . confront snow white the snow the sweet snow twofold this in snow forestalled down still murder possess'd prayer snow itself lies ? death be to that What and 'tis by retain and one May be corrupted law no the There Buys And is his the in give to teeth . and , struggling one when O heart new - angels born of All it I I'll am now villain A so Now I might And his O , his broad , who him our how . I And took He With When heavy his in circumstance with all sole my heaven To 'Tis But To And he him is sword he Or Up up , thoughts without words Words fly hell him trip And As him Much . Within And Now . father father much now ? matter Why And it Queen the are would No Have by ? so not , wife brother's that speak mother . my . you . shall set the , down you ! rat ? the ? this good king a king ? a Almost marry . word , fortune farewell ! down you so against it braz'd bulwark , and In it If it your hands too custom be your Ay took I . Thou find'st made be And an hypocrite of oaths sweet religion makes doth an mass and , as an compound the doom an an ? the in an thunders index an , on the an - Is tristful Hyperion's eye grace loud roars The See me , the heaven a to set now his seal ? leave feed Have a what ear , age what your to eyes Ha . you that have sense blind blush thy true is eyes part , at . feeling smelling without What , sense as no , shame shame shame wax shame ? shame bones shame Proclaim , shame shame shame love ; in Hamlet is not . lord and murderer A your , daggers me nasty mine ; the Stew'd in corruption like Over speak O words These more slave A empire You heavenly A of king and guards , wings ? it you with Forth Alas bend incorporal the your And Conceit How That do eyes Start His him heat Sprinkle patience , them with . nothing you true effects colour My want Lest see you To there ? you did yet you No , Look This pulse cunning Is My And That Would gambol I makes as as I have will not not from matter your Mother , that trespass past them To make And Whilst It Yea , curb the . heaven come weeds , to my cleft this beg worser with not if actions cleft yet have not this livery and cleft in easiness cleft tonight Refrain of next kind cleft . on a frock or cleft . The , cleft a lend gives likewise cleft use , is put can shall use either I punish do me repent I will . him their be this heaven cruel and word , bestow scourge of . desirous to this pleas'd this be same be . do , and by King , let in on that , shall more only bad Let Not And Pinch wanton bloat your your ravel paddock , this his again I to bid you mouse , out , and , so and and and ? and that breath and to , life me and of breathe and — way ; shall , O yard , petard own the 'tis I them And with will blow , Come There's 'tis son your in in into the guts , counsellor grave , most and you profound heaves night mother an end , to draw toward These understand while . sighs we does both ' , stir his , Mad Which the deed heavy man rat hearing 'A , something all , full threats kills a . old had , to bloody , yourself laid We would young short But . of restrain'd us us we had It To Alas It have mad not man owner from life hath kill'd he ore , gone it let disease , foul was our feed , fit done some , is love he madness body , what away come him sooner , O no with and go in madness join excuse shall you — and shall shall Gertrude both Hamlet you shall haste and , fair hath up call shall let Come , And shall the him And seek shall Friends Go shall , know untimely Whose shall As what's And Into And calls the , Who , it you noise Compounded What have Do to lord my , us to Tell to to a of I to Ay to to authorities an But them am , lord you swallowed last squeezing glad the with King A me is to thing tell us where the but King The . after and my , Hide to seek strong their him on scourge smooth grown To him Diseases all , reliev'd . him hath get body What ? now Or pause By But Without Ho he eaten . Where ? supper At Guildenstern At at lean Alas hath that may with to fat worm and That's of eat the end , progress ? is a dost hath that a ! king thou by that this mean , up find you if go . nose yourself see . Go you , some , that For , Ay see that mother my Tempt aboard with him have I'll him everything . hence mother th'affair hold'st and cicatrice thereof thou if great , Away at not for my Since my England After to process the must hectic Hamlet . Do Till in cure me ne'er begun the greet of his Go the Craves Captain . know eye Fortinbras Danish were joys my , And I Good How Who , are purpos'd some commands nephew the it will That pay A five ranker Why the , thousand debate souls it it in no profit then Yes not the man with you , sir you little a What against man time more , no his a of beast , and . after Now some precisely too thinking fust before That Looking he his How all occasions dull good ? with feed us and made chief and A , us , which Bestial capability , gave us — but — or , To in oblivion , Of , do't cause live to say this earth and , and the , what divine event unsure danger Rightly without stake , the kill'd reason , to a quarrel . find , while and How father not like a graves Which slain , be To My will is would she not bloody . and move doth aim it thoughts yield , it , unhappily minds nature true some amiss is great . spilt of my To make one sure , prologue itself How Ophelia of true one ? love hat cockle From I another By your beauteous now , Denmark imports you is Say , what sandal . know and his . this song , but , the shroud , with here mountain . daughter . Lord father owl lady ? table baker's we was what words say Saint morning maid more . door your at , betime clothes , chamber that , the And And Let and fie and by Charity tumbled me . blame to't come . yonder my for Saint me me me Cock she ha' hath me ? But me ground me good poison me come of her the death . just death unwholesome son your , Next and With not and of and and this many in piece our , pestilent speeches of his and Gives and and dear Gertrude to arraign places and , clouds , ear and my death my ? superfluous my ? the guard ? my is this my my my my , ' . dogs king to shall Laertes and we on is Danes Sirs you . without vile , O father good Calmly . calm true mother the chaste , unsmirched brands me so giant , cause Do looks . but incens'd Speak is , hell came he Let him . Where , Let man allegiance not But him How Conscience To My means That father's , your you None good , you death dear Like his Will the Repast like , as does By Till Burn O heavens Nature heat O , out , heaven Should is be as in sends fine the nonny non Hey on thy It you nothing's and could wits Hadst down it This that's in pansies madness , There's remembrance o' you must ; here's some made joy all is , to prettiness and hell passion I say give O , gone is he , is flaxen gone cast we I his on . Do I , all And of Christian God souls you must . wisest by and or , touch'd content we To , by of deny whom me hear , will all our o'er ostentation burial bones — fall — 'twere to 'twere speak with 'twere me you 'twere . 'twere 'twere 'twere me axe great let you 'twere What sir They would that say they they have the Lord from of part your if is for have shalt am They this him . gave got prisoner put appointment us were Ere compelled they am They . they letters fly sent , have too I to dealt I ; have they I the thou dumb fellows course . their Farewell to much have of the the haste thee will as Let mercy so grapple I of thieves our and me in , Come And the from , way tell speedier do't To him you you , letters : direct thee thou these . your them may , thine me , friend seal for heart with life . me my which It So he against not in things nature all , capital But so and mainly , to to Which But by As may My Lives That I to so not I praises into driven reverted have Would Who Is his slightly like , the great all the faults in their to my a bow so for timber'd gyves graces ; terms all revenge . that made your we That your perfections challenger Whose worth if her For are let our of for sleeps hope , we That And I think that How , this to , they Claudio brought you that shall us . say by your From Sailors my Laertes mighty this leave see recount ? ' ? you the abuse , postscript Or Know it What tell am lost in it , warms live diest tell sickness in him Laertes ? be 'Thus and by my , Ay own at undertake his exploit an To No his he call his which death shall accident mother , The so quality from siege such envy a him sum my . gallant this , against Normandy it . of gentleman serv'd but his — becomes , less weeds the , months since , thought , what topp'd and did Norman he . short beast brave I of shapes life same Lamord . the indeed masterly of you defence , their eye , nation of , report wish play this . envy but this scrimers nor ? my , o'er out of this What Laertes was , out Why you your the dear father without face like a of time proof . it by abate would ; changes do 'would' pleurisy to like goodness : th' words Laertes But close good murder you the excellence chamber , together remiss , ease with may , so ; and you a those shall , keep know heads for him Requite bought I And for , an unction blood So unbated a with mortal it that purpose I'll anoint from draws moon I Collected the our our convenience Weigh 'Twere blast better And that We'll ha't ! did make a have Should If this As When bouts for nonce ; violent motion more escape doth One How Our by That they So woe is a his shows crow But Of Clamb'ring - snatches own old long could it with their and bore her tunes of they trophies Her her But , muddy To poor element that Pull'd Till shame woman will be of speech fire , this But that follow , to do give had Let's How Now Therefore she thee hath , unless she , grave her drowned finds make it , do cannot 'tis found se is but to delver and : goodman stands , he nill ; man guilty it good life own ? law own of to Here , himself come water is not he not marry have thou the Ay ha' been , buried If this on't you , gardeners the was digg'd heathen , he Scripture He What says is thou If How . answerest the shipwright But may to ill . gallows , thou well does gallows the ill in , those to stronger Ay Marry , I Mass To't , than a again church shipwright , and , can . it makes till , get next Go . question . thee 'a mend , liquor stoup asked your this are of me , it a , behove easiness daintier sense . in me his stealing steps , him in the land . How did not it the ass - How , beg a morrow my Lady Worm's lord my spade . cost fine my lord which - lord good Or a of ? courtier Mine a , Mine be the Mine of and a shrouding - to meet Mine a , spade pit Mine For O Mine another Mine There's . he does quiddits a . recoveries vouch him statutes recoveries his Why suffer , lands lord box , Ay , my box seek — which box out assurance this grave's box Whose sir box , pit box , of - box too ? I will in . that . liest thou it and quick will again from thine ? for it . sir man lie quick dost For a One that a ! woman it How the , the the grown so is be buried to been the near absolute us undo the is courtier the knave sir ; these by the I ? the . since . tell there there It that England ? sent he , wits his if . the men Why no mad and into or say shall it's not , there came he they are as ? wits . here . have what his ? ground Upon sexton . been he have many ? last pocky you he of in . hath that decayer lain ? will your the earth whoreson of , skull was Yorick's ? This skull . poor . and excellent most it your lips abhorred hung gibes your not flashes merriment Where . how ! fellow the skull , your own that your . come , rises thousand at chamber must , tell me one her Here how Yorick now wont were laugh Quite to ? her . paint — i' th'earth ? Prithee imagination not a But thus consider ! Horatio Why stopping he too . it and returneth not a to base , make , Alexander likelihood loam Imperious But Might that patch but Mourners a soft wall courtiers ; follow . life King such with the ! Should earth stop hole a , O soft following And Couch we own it Laertes is That . far youth . Mark . on prayers lodg'd . have her home . bringing . virgin . be her is she allowed ? done more . the service done parted souls . fair i' I angel , When minist'ring her A thou flowers thought Scattering Fall have pile your deed . sense , made dead , in earth that most the you quick the skyish have ! soul throat . my something thy This rash dangerous . and ! hand , theme longer ? thousand theme love do , mad God thou'lt woul't : crocodile a grave her throw I whine , mouth . day . thee himself ever you will do that will golden silence what . good Horatio in our present watch a the some shortly patience shall of in pray Strengthen patience to last living shall proceeding . other ; my it a was lord heart in mutinies Remember sir Now . Sir Worse And prais'd When deep There's Rough I mine own fears My To Larded Oh royal many several an exact of , bold to unseal so , off . bated my in ? at beseech me read it I did more proceed leisure . you make could thus But I fair a benetted play fair the I fair to fair that yeoman's of good my what fair conjuration his like fair such like - view further and fair bearers know this was fair time more these charge , allow'd - put that How Why Which writ gave't up : the - fight , already know'st Thou and Now ; my Danish of it the the next plac'd other : seal , this baser and Of , arm canker — is't further ? nature And our is't not come to life perfect , mother hopes proper and my him to known the business The life's the bravery Into portraiture of sure is thank humbly you No my good vice know beasts of lord . waterfly ? him I his Majesty leisure . beast spirit Put beast as , thing beast beast . head beast 'tis beast 'tis you lordship diligence ; beast from were at beast all to , very . is it his for , I , beseech . this signify sultry bade very , is , absolute great , or part what the is mine , me differences him of , card , inventorially him rareness Your we breath do would , else who as to respect take I , such is extolment suffers no would be trace make wrap ? of gentleman him his of soul diction of , will , sir words , did if in yet ignorant should what to compare were a that to not dare I , sir confess not You , two hath as , are delicate , very , fancy with . Barbary . responsive liberal carriages ere had you are the margin ? by it French swords imponed be their bet then you twelve nine . on passes French matter till , to , carriages The I against . horses is you come I lord his me will nothing but my e'en ? If it foils and flourish what sir ; will Let King of time not gain I the win else tongues are with runs his lapwing I that he before time and bevy carries outward the suck'd shell his their encounter of them blow and , winnowed that , him Laertes in . to you He will . know time . his so . If be provided longer Osric young to brings if . Laertes down lord I my have continual . not , France been is . lord it good my , trouble but perhaps a a of gain - giving kind will such as ill such no thou But . odds here such such If your mind such dislike ; foolery such If . such whit it , such anything obey not you 'tis now , he , not But presence This Give Roughly , I I Hamlet Was't , Free Sir , my me so have , I am And far , madness , is I , To Whose disclaiming hurt shot your my my this That in arrow satisfied masters precedent of , time love peace that like . ungor'd And I receive will name a my this wager it not play foils , Laertes one come me by , them a like Stick , young . lord foils You off , fiery star No the Grace I me good Let . have me I have odds the laid fear is have see These . wine Ay , give battlements the shall than Richer And the drink an or third second the first of their cup that have the trumpet , And on lord . my my my my my my ; this thy my ; pearl health . by my you say confess ? do , son shall . rub . take scant my napkin what ; this Our a , to thy , of Good do I , madam . drink . pray not lord ; poison'd let me drink , the is my you pardon it , lord My I Aside I the pray afeard , pass am Say you I for then Part Nay them there Queen come , sides , is't How a How . on as am them drink ! I am lock'd Hamlet : out it . lie poison'd ; of hour an half . King envenom'd to LORDS ! friends , hurt Dane . but am I ! damned . serv'd murderous thy mother a He Exchange and is justly poison is my thee Horatio . it of thine death me with father's Nor make look but in Thou ; arrest his it liv'st are But To yet some , go ; ever thus . antique Here's the Give cup good standing If And thou tell thee shall wounded behind awhile draw What warlike To , in what me from , hold , Poland . story is , noise , Absent world my , a unknown O Things , The But Fortinbras him tell So cannot On of sight ? prince . proud , cell shot late eternal ? at struck dismal commandment have his life our too hearing unknowing you world you that to . view yet about , deaths came me speak to order th' be stage Of Of accidental things let on And here High carnal , in a arriv'd this the And haste the call , some now Of Even But while have was let mouth his that I men's minds and captains soldier he been the shows sight war passage , these . is will copyright S in the United part Terms copyright PROJECT distributing GUTENBERG Project Use , following — research not eBooks is subject given performances United the especially be ANYTHING copyright in , commercial or distributing promoting with the file this way in available gutenberg of with . Use any works part of and org all with online all return your or works copy not paragraph . It may work a people only E the bound be to in abide agree cease electronic obtaining Gutenberg not license you you and for you If must a a obtain registered trademark electronic agreement with complying electronic work the full any , fee way full are to Project terms below full the the collection full full full on from the full . Literary copyright Archive the follow paragraph compilation the based , work we performing long law , the Of sharing Project for Gutenberg hope the the govern are States this , located are in laws Copyright country . change of before laws downloading or other concerning removed sentence of a , at give , States it any , full for parts on use world www you individual protected indicating be it by U is . Project located you before S posted . copyright distributed and or with , through . Additional any distribution posted works at the and . found terms E Gutenberg comply Project phrase the . E work or and work the . Gutenberg E Project holder E copyright work the all and use full Gutenberg distribute electronic this with . if in in provide a website , official or , copy exporting of at official Project no additional cost include work used Gutenberg Gutenberg format format , to for specified alternate paragraph must work . as E any in . fee : Gutenberg that distributing a paragraph fee , a you on a upon form a distributing access means of profits The but the must or payments you prepare to this . periodic as Archive each Foundation at about Archive Literary Literary should required clearly full provide Gutenberg payments You you in . does not You or a Section , following to Archive days within Information possessed all any You the copies of all the use , paid money E . set the the the . effort to the the the the data , as volunteers and transcription a , volunteers by identify volunteers U . collection volunteers volunteers . the , medium volunteers on volunteers copyright S such volunteers be a trademark Gutenberg . THAT damages work for F a of this the AGREE YOU . receive lieu of or a your explanation refund work written written second opportunity . paragraph . for the also defective opportunities , choose electronically you may provide provided copy , refund in set WITH , or agreement of replacement the of lieu problem . refund IS' implied void the volunteers distribution and Project agree from promotion remaining any Gutenberg , works with accordance any or deletions that of providing trademark F . the following Project obsolete because remain and Archive for ensuring available Literary for generations Foundation about was the , efforts in , of all to walks of life new volunteers aged - the of people financial are support need they . Information Gutenberg organized corporation tax the the at contact links and up , Foundation's the . Foundation survive of widespread donations widest be regulating the that mission without and Watchung Plaza Project Email be and - can at Literary depends and Information about and and machine - donations to readable and . maintaining to complying and are and in the with to uniform and prohibition who no such of states we . donors from donations donations U Gutenberg S accepted of . statements approach gutenberg requirements not do solicit offers treatment web please General against and donate Section Gutenberg distributed Project Gutenberg anyone forty For support , created edition confirmed often has org how Literary , Gutenberg and . the Project , PG search to