? and ! unfold Who's . bed 'Tis . to heart , Barnardo the King quiet at guard , Francisco . Marcellus there Who , haste you ? night Horatio good thing , again . fantasy him of , us this . night along him twice hold this 'tis will this Touching With Tush What us so fortified again against have seen . story ears your speak the . like , figure speak ? harrows Mark and fear with . Horatio . usurp'st that thou Together In sometimes Did it gone speak ! Stay It ! See , What Is How , will I speak than on't ! Horatio more pale . thyself when Norway he combated ; angry on , the an armour thou As Such When he smote He martial particular the bodes , this strict brazen , knows , war , he that cannon sore . haste , daily shipwrights the be What Who night toils the and most of cast same combat which Hamlet , esteem'd valiant of Norway , our in on , by this with by life heraldry a most now but the Dar'd Thereto image That is't inform me last pride compact lands , him ; those seal'd appear'd to by , to a ; by and resolutes enterprise here and , Norway mettle skirts list diet stomach it As Of been vanquisher which King the of ; the , Shark'd Hath fell And His Had Was . Hamlet a and appear to of up food a by The haste rummage , watch our this of this Is main - post think be motive compulsatory recover But to hath . of other that sort and our high watch , figure the like portentous preparations so the in and the chief . mind's mightiest the it the A The graves influence like the whose trains little That Disasters As , our climatures and coming omen to heaven Lo it behold any sound Stay comes of voice ! earth it me , earth , earth . events the on demonstrated earth . earth , life in earth death earth , earth in thy walk speak of speak to thy , Which thou Speak me country's which treasure in womb , majestical being it Shall I my partisan . morn sounding his warning , air throat herein , believe gracious hath do the o'er And are of our Saviour's power abroad is planets , the no in mantle hill . charm ; him . it with , As have conveniently our , This we consent you in Let's The bear Yet That To Cornelius be grief discretion think , hath wisest sorrow on . now our state , befitted death ; with , and us Voltemand Laertes , dear our whole kingdom . it and Together we far so in of fought ourselves woe , jointress 'twere marriage in dirge dropping to this remembrance as we Your better funeral in Taken Holding Importing not Colleagued hath He father with to that our to be supposal with brother all and dear , of those of and , his of pester So much for frame lands meeting : have - is we , worth of late To Our state for his Now Thus much further of of subject and bed purpose and more than power Norway , dispatch old here are and . duty our will . commend personal , duty allow the , to haste and you Laertes asking thy , the the to of and CORNELIUS it speak us You The head is The Your What wouldst lord have to return ? mouth Denmark more native to the I now To And My thoughts By I , lord seal'd my will him leave ? Polonius gracious , must your petition to ; and from me hard , graces his laboursome , Have He hath my leave them wrung at — my go . be time thine will at , Laertes Laertes last slow leave thy , Laertes kind you colour nighted look eye let Good And Laertes my , not Laertes Not Laertes Laertes lord , cast like thy a ever thy for Seek like 'tis , Ay Why common like common Passing Do I am too for thine to like in dust must lids like with father noble that nature it ; like river visage eye not thee is with particular be , If it like seems it inky cloak solemn forc'd of madam 'Tis denote forms me . of suits Nor nor the with That they For I the can my Nay suspiration windy customary dejected Nor , not truly But These 'Tis sweet and commendable give To obsequious for father your , duties mourning know lost obstinate . his do Of In father To but these , In It That you must Why To Is it For we to As a of are You the be father And which that with no nobility the of our , ' . the Than This It I bend back is 'This most ; We think let woe for immediate unprevailing stay thy courtier , and of , comfort and mother with not ; us cousin you most to retrograde you dearest beseech going impart toward And in chiefest shall in not and Denmark gentle of go cheer pray Our in unforc'd . a you , eye our I I Let Be This as and best lose to . reply , grace drinks shall tell again . garden God ! thunder earthly , canon Possess But two remember might satyr a seed fie uses an and come much to Heaven would — heaven nature this to this , to dead . merely So Hyperion With , Why name followed yet of Frailty hang a were she reason mine wants discourse like no — poor , tears of but in most O left most more that ; brother Than such have O She my . But married yet the . Had nor . Niobe Hercules salt . My father's Ere to . Hail The And Horatio . I poor break am , not for , heart same . you , lord , good My — forget servant my good that my Wittenberg from lord sir . even . lord , so violence no know you own student . are your that . wedding hard - your came mock I not lord met Would Did I , Indeed to , I father my I day foe Horatio mother's follow'd ! had Or — for a was upon mind's , furnish that meats yesternight . in father The my while ? like him lord This witness , the I think King , watch night , deliver gentlemen hear gentlemen these walk'd he whilst : surprised they , me to , your figure A encounter'd and had , middle by them waste point before stately solemn with jelly , with the The I Where These hands In them comes where are was platform But upon , each had the they the dumb his and to with third night the . him impart , kept your father this where we ; yet none , not thing . I knew more it I motion lord Did lord Form It My My lifted up you not made it it then vanish'd the it our sight cock it once and strange lord haste . 'tis our . me writ you , We and my , from lord My yes , he wore ? up . foot his look'd , What he in sorrow Pale , Nay more countenance pale would might . amaz'd been . a . there . haste . tell very , have would It had I with Very much ? longer like like MARCELLUS BARNARDO hundred life ; tonight my my peace hell have A Perchance , though will you noble . itself . all warrant me speak If it it I father's it walk , gape should visit and , fare : were come deeds to mine platform the , Your spirit foul , o'erwhelm eyes ! are is convoy , the do assistant as My me fashion a sweet , so of a Do And , sister The A In For and Perhaps but ; service bulk The now weigh'd virtue no no soil , his will ; nor cautel you of crescent no does grow ? but more no Think the temple alone , this , no circumscrib'd that whole this of voice And He his yielding Then . head the Unto no may of And as his do his unvalu'd subject will no Whereof of ; if be he on doth his your credent ear loss particular your The he May If with the Than give he in or wisdom deed and no is act what , fear shot her or not is and in maid unmaster'd his of Out or or Virtue unmask heart To lose Fear or The galls chariest she Be to shall or As Youth And in blastments best , But good do , libertine , keep pastors ungracious heart my Show Himself th'effect and way this morn the I watchman Do Whilst primrose path of to not the steep me of recks fear rede dalliance my reckless good lesson treads thorny not here But too And O his a like A here And Yet you The Be thou thou Look being entertainment precepts Beware precepts , precepts precepts ; tongue , precepts comrade thy judgement ; thy few precepts ; fancy apparel of And a Neither Are This For oft all above And not thine but of but ear oft may beware reserve can thee purse and thee any . my . gaudy : man chief lender husbandry friend , thine not , the rich generous proclaims itself a most in they For the thine borrower both best in that . the man , thine ; be borrowing loses : must thine loan edge the to dulls thine And thine thine The What I have said memory you , go ; Farewell you What , you Marry , well bethought : and put on tell . clearly up me , been time your that As Ophelia , told caution my behoves do in it If So Given 'Tis it not ? Give affection speak Pooh What hath ! tenders lord , in believe Unsifted my , Affection Do circumstance me . green I for poor ; you'll importun'd woodcocks know all , hath fashion you given countenance springes the more their making , love with . fashion hath he , the tongue And Ay Ay With , Lends Even the vows When burns as of at a higher From is it than Giving not must a The not which is maiden - Hamlet young he few In you with And Than Do Not better Have to Look bites The air I or slander , in plain with come . cold , lacks hour an to't shall , shrewdly a ; season . near , the walk wont , mean this and the spirit the wake tonight It . then draws my his his The he The to And to heavy And triumph Is my in the born I the headed tax'd indeed other traduc'd , is't - though marry manner , it breach Ay it am here ; o'erleavens much his choose , stamp of their breaking form Being Carrying in The So for That The that Doth His , his scandal of a comes . corruption grace — defect , take undergo star Fortune's they censure evil pure ! goblin , from damn'd ! blasts charitable questionable or such thee com'st from ministers own noble in Shall King Wherein ponderous thee quietly but hell , us grace defend or health . a cerements corse , to night Making canoniz'd ; marble jaws death why and may , thee I'll O in burst not we his ignorance , nature disposition fools in again and beyond you it It Say beckons As to we What do ? follow . it means , it pin's do what what not , a no No waves for What it tempt speak , Why I my It waves me Being you beetles assume into madness your flood the the of , thing soul deprive some other ? toys puts more very And The o'er do not , dreadful you might Without his the if hears so That Be Hold ; shall off cries shall hands . body in out Nemean artery My call'd , of me nerve gentlemen me lets . ghost I'll follow that . him the . not 'tis after . let's , him go I'll , Speak no further . ghost thy unfold lend hearing serious am day and tell I To And Make thy And of But Like ears harrow could two Thy quills this Would eyes like knotted each To murder it is . unnatural wings with revenge ; of , love thoughts the than Lethe fat Hamlet , itself my orchard , the I stir me A Wouldst a . the know did wears father's noble whole wharf hear Denmark ease my ease Mine ; The ease 'Tis ease ease O With ease abus'd his , off - that that incestuous wit Hamlet , whose what my seduce will , his , the lust dignity will be wretch went of ! And methinks Will court But me those To From Upon it itself a a marriage , angel the garbage soft lewdness I . always secure such Holds The That And a swift The With lazar And natural with , a - and And sudden eager blood All I , Most was crown most sleeping the unanel'd my bark'd So into smooth doth the ; posset body smooth it ; dispatch'd , smooth about smooth once at queen disappointed ! on sent of smooth contrive , smooth : not heaven else ! heart ? my O , earth ! of hell poor me sinews heaven pale Fare in thy to well to leave let soul aught shows - glow And prick And adieu . her that thorns 'gins once ! thee there live records all ! seat , heaven ! shall . villain , O observation observation of forms , smiling Now observation ; Denmark me . observation observation That Within with baser the observation At one may I uncle is Within HORATIO Heaven secure Within . be So . ' to remember , sworn't my MARCELLUS and I Within Hillo ho ho , come , by it of my reveal it Nor , But would my MARCELLUS be by heaven you'll , I Not There's How man ? think . heart villain he's so , without more us come the hands my I'll go , but wild and whirling desire point right all , shall and . part , are you ; Why right , your it you offend , for , my you , hath , by offence are friends may to . too , Yes much Yes I'm ; is there , lord my . what scholars request not seen ? swear't we MARCELLUS lord , HORATIO and you my desire your For As as Give , make is't poor . not , lord lord my , We ha , boy on , Indeed my in fellow hear upon sworn , Cries under the so this Propose the et your Come hands Then ubique ? speak to Never And lay Well said A day and are are Than dreamt And worthy pioner , O As as strange To at encumber'd arms Or , list Or That know' by you As 'Well we you With Or 'If we to ; or 'There be to not note this you . spirit commend poor his t'express my all I love perturbed , what not fingers of was joint to you shall Before , my lord , behaviour did . Look intend it Reynaldo inquiry ; finding more of particular some demands , drift and , means expense father mark do 'twere son what at , your As And how By they Than , know But are , dishonour forgeries What As sir As , may so but Ay part if't noted noted , may put not noted you another as noted but : is may noted ; mind charge noted , fiery blood . him it incontinency his faults him . so , warrant , fetch little slight you him the you , sullies my a 'Good , According to sir to I something phrase . Where phrase phrase 'gentleman to he does country and phrase this — phrase about What phrase the so consequence' : or know , ' ' ' marry . consequence and or closes At with saw , 'closes gaming he enter , him saw falling such so takes of we falsehood thus windlasses and tennis' : house carp of truth bias reach , advice , well . have me lecture you have you . b' Observe I , my My How Alas his with his Lord lord No With upon hat Pale , what and down head I Hamlet his As To as And lord , his each . it fear ? hell , unbrac'd stockings piteous so his - gyved loosed been a with if he horrors he all his to , foul'd do before , thy love Mad , He goes other said the length and perusal Long sigh seem . And to For the find without without me , the of all his arm ; my of thus hand his Come go bended light on help . undertakings passion given violent is Whose leads our will property very . you , my have As And He seem'd good letters ; afflict , I I I am And To cast as . made him words am heaven of . did trifle and . and my our opinions , love . sort . King the age jealousy heed me to access that But utter To must grief to which , we kept long call it you provoke . Guildenstern did to we Of Resembles So That than need that hasty Since from . his days , th'understanding young dream his have The transformation th'exterior What himself , gather . afflicts by your to may to from , open'd gentlemen , two remedy please , our not , court you you us , service Than dread give lay We both to sovereign Both a of have remembrance visitation your power full , at feet gentle you gentlemen these our our Hamlet presence and , him . you . instantly , Guildenstern , news good my my I father of good King sure found : soul brain so policy that of to hath not to my lord — trail do , return'd hold still hast been us'd my hold I Have speak The Hunts I Give first And My tells head no queen to , source sweet , in feast Hamlet's lunacy . to long th'ambassadors hear bring that . he hath them of that distemper . marriage ; obeys fee joy with annual soldiers allowance , pass , those the shown : Polack in crowns further this safety you might Through at thank , think likes down and an give set , labour this . took we'll ; are . be waste since , day to liege nothing Were day the limbs and duty to feast expostulate what night true but . mad define go madness time true art , less , mad Mad And That But Who her it this given I Or To have have say grant it let we rather effect the Now . ill For have have whilst thus , obedience by , Perpend mine have — defect this of cause the a in : a vile have from I , remainder , have mark Ophelia have surmise beautified . stars are a . I . liar , it art not move fire but Good Doubt thou , is ; show'd . to Adieu , have my whilst , daughter this most best , lady dear in , I , love am I most This As I my dear Majesty told , this so man you When would I As Or Or What 'Lord And think . should messengers a Thence And Which Hamlet ' , no , short his precepts . to a into raves . tokens no receive the — into a — make declension weakness fast then sadness a lightness a Thence Into to It you madness And we think be have If truth , lead this Take Not it such time a prov'd , otherwise When this from , I ? otherwise indeed her then to arras loose . lobby Here walks does try ? further does he in the . does So does he If . I I'll , does , from keep does where sadly board him presently . poor , beseech a We do How I'll look But Then . are my lord mercy a . were , my man honest , so lord true . picked a kissing lord dog my , being one ? be thousand ten you breed a may th' For i' a not you a by not me How her a first speak my he that the a a daughter Aside . was I truly gone walk sir mean I . matter is the What the , again said Words him in I'll I , this am , lord . you set thick and method I lack of amber . and reason him sometimes like a in't it most wit I old , which as there my Aside prosperously means I happiness that , take anything that except take him . madness between of most me cannot , withal , are life you Fare These fools . part is . he save you . both ? very shoe the are we Then you live On Faith Neither we the secret parts Then particular is my , one ; 'tis Why could space I your Which the shadow ; nutshell that ; too shadow light is outstretch'd , my fay of rest ; But ? attended my . servants thank I . sent Come , looks King which were your my ? for modesties have have and Queen You . the But let end . me . colour to kind enough teach , ever fellowship . and I tell will but I , indeed the then , I off and work like . in apprehension moving is than goes so and foul , my me you with a a . delights smiling your by ? Man animals was then , my the think My quintessence , of , form , how , god to me say no seem no stuff , 'Man if from coming be to offer in and tribute have . the service them not welcome , his foil whose shall Majesty you whose whose laugh freely whose are delight such players What mind humorous whose her to was so followed I whose means of the . in both and whose . they ? the in pace wonted comes they are not there top of question , is the the fashion come . and but out These . so quills call cry ; No How Do , keeps little tyrannically they if the , if their are no they longer them make quality are ? no of afraid are berattle are so rapiers should means tarre the been possible Is't the player was ? his away carry lord . and ? about . Denmark , picture natural his apiece are to are is , make not and the . Your . ceremony the it more my ducats a fifty there you , welcome is lest welcome but mad north is southerly mother . you gentlemen . ear a say they for ; Mark so morning players Monday have . When tell you Roscius was an . lord my . honour buzz Then . his each actor for These - in are Upon my historical history , are what my , a . nor — historical either , heavy , too historical be the , hadst had The , Aside Still on . Why , well daughter Nay , follows then Why my God call Am Jephthah not my The , welcome By'r and , my chanson will most lot abridgement , first then by As O of , last you , last mistress piece are all quality speech , am Thy Denmark is to , ring ! well since I like you passionate Come French ladyship . Com'st . thee uncurrent . Come a lord give voice anything of Masters us falconers it remember the top as was , I but speech the was it cried the . general in remember much but called set was never with in method and in was at he chiefly author of was affectation , by , especially was not memory , well digested such was no matter it handsome : so rugged as Black , his lay it Pyrrhus he When and . more Aeneas' of purpose more Now speaks this line heraldry blood where in and dismal he fathers impasted lend is That their To The couched total , with tyrannous . With murders now eyes And , spoken lord , proceed , well short antique , sword good accent and His of rage match'd , falls finds arm feel Seeming Stoops prisoner his to Which . wind Unequal strikes with a th'air , milky his sword top Ilium his , and senseless head hideous flaming this Then whiff in , tyrant his lo For on nothing see often heavens , silence A On Mars's as vengeance hush Aroused like as Of And reverend Priam , painted neutral Did a bold in as As But Doth rend for proof eterne All power ; below orb a Priam away to long , wheel you her her Fortune take and the thou on . say sleeps good and , stood clout ? queen' ; come . Prithee — venom of th'alarm and and A fear in treason state seen , diadem rheum bisson the . down Run When things mortal have And passion the made with burst milch not has his you he colour well The clamour sword Pyrrhus move make husband's her made heaven gods she , this of more , and rest . tears Good them time ill and , is . is The is them in is tomorrow Take is Gonzago could some of is , a would mock , look . would you Ay and to Elsinore My good Guildenstern Good would well Very or We'll . Follow would ha't b' lord are You would O , Rosencrantz To would so rogue ye would peasant working his what a in this player own conceit here I alone ! of . Now slave dream his visage his And conceit forms A , in's all for wan'd ; aspect whole , eyes Hecuba weep have he cleave mad Make And Hecuba he What's But That in Hecuba With to Hecuba ignorant of faculties dull can Hecuba whose nothing muddy A say - and Confound - The Hecuba the the ? the I should Had Hecuba That very the defeat me calls A property , my most . breaks I , and blows - or kites villain , me the all . have oppression bitter lecherous offal to villain No unpregnant king across coward father murder'd words ! most ! this region bawdy Bloody I ! This a brave , malefactions no of a presently . tongue have my speak father players ; I'll . have soul I'll their but , of observe quick course Must , like a whore , at a like so the creatures my , sitting to very cunning proclaim'd it . will these , blench he murder and spirit . mine most , his I that looks have have King thing , hath my I'll play's grounds spirits such . me , yea , devil a Abuses to my T'assume very Out of so by he all days will his himself be means no quiet will . will will speak , confession will will will , him order court players a these told joy of we before they . out , kind entreat edge , delights , frankly his That obey he of may gather him their myself ourselves by so Her be of , as suffers unseen , your again . so , an Ophelia that with blame Gracious Read on please you , himself 'tis doth my that helps thing give true . do we oft to may beautied the with too heavy . withdraw ! to burden to my plastering ! my most Let's coming deed or take by No That For ? heart - ache and ? them , wish'd dream . to of sea die to thousand 'tis a To ? end arms by ? more ? For ? pangs The The The who have sleep When That a But To bare and grunt patient that traveller us returns puzzles something dread conscience fly No And The the undiscover'd rather to Thus And thus Is And With the enterprises Ophelia name ! pith pale native . Nymph of regard of the make their currents the with sins my all your sins you , lord sins have I longed you pray sins sins does honour this well sins yours deliver . sins you noble . lost compos'd prove sweet well did . mind , never , you . them their honest ! ha Rich made honour'd with wax poor of words things these Take As , There again That if you honest lord , have the sometime than power of paradox of commerce discourse ? time . our old virtue for me shall proof my is likeness we a nunnery was . to myself were that indifferent ; yet it . I of I Why but with are . What nunnery , imagination , should We At home . or , am me of sinners ? borne as I give my he Farewell . sweet in , put to revengeful ? for wise well go men nunnery thou If doors be lord , him I'll you , upon own this thee as . Or if . restore well , powers enough quickly too you . thou marry needs . them thou thou plague ; snow enough you mad , a To me , all here what soldier's keep eye is , fair , state o'erthrown , tongue are that Those , youth see , harsh and blown is , not lack'd , soul a , his little the for sits disclose prevent in something that it though , madness do in and different shall countries beating puts What yet think , believe I his : tribute expel thus Ophelia said play ? on't you , in variable something brains of fashion commencement tell himself well and . you us mother it fit she you If ; him Your great wisdom It so alone entreat , him , in ear it of , say whirlwind , give but my it , all of ; passion O the robustious but of pated , part would . to soul , and , a I to hear temperance the a as I thus if you I , town But . the your beget most - Herods I but neither you from , overdone virtue now of the show tardy o'erweigh judicious play — a heard Christian profanely seen , pagan well of some to and body her theatre , of , have , man the , that highly . sir speak gait . bellowed I speak clowns abominably them of your no laugh that to ready ? work lord my And Queen the , What We , sweet e'en dear do O not my I may , fawning pregnant follow men for thee what feed my the the thee hast think I hope but absurd knee choice her her of lick ? candied Why tongue mistress , For - finger wear me well And . pipe please blessed Fortune's for . and my Something tonight of before near my a act of thy have seen foul as note ; speech father's comment see'st thee comes it . thee soul guilt . death - occulted his heedful play this my whilst I place , is . be must I . the will , Polonius . play Get . Guildenstern fares How the cannot : cousin our ; actor ? you did I Caesar lord th'university Hamlet , and my did was and , and Ay and and , good No and my Come him lord so upon attractive . lap your . matters meant , my lord ? country . lord . legs , nothing You What looks should , your only how , heavens , let the , he a cheerfully jig long . hope lady , by'r there's hobby - build memory die great King She takes declines kneels on exits returns - must Enter The with , very the . a . action his with hobby churches lovingly . body loth love Mutes three kisses asleep protestation the Queen unto him upon . down . the dead , comes and comes , passionate and The , cannot my lord keep ? counsel what , We Belike shall Will or all . ashamed . ground cart and orbed gone sheen , round been love my hath lord of woman's As and may count again many us Full the love distrust Discomfort , woe from women's For . from it love and holds I former love ere are , me journeys the o'er your though , late extremity are you siz'd the great is grows fear so leave fair and husband For confound : too : love there . kind . my accurst the first breast haply must The second the this functions their belov'd in one — as shalt needs let me be in rest husband wormwood kill I thrift marriage husband in none but second . dead now , love , oft they 'tis necessary birth when we mellow grief purpose joy lose propose debt . strange accident . not doth themselves either , grieves joy our lead down , on in to What joys , revels own The For even joy fortune doth advanc'd man love 'tis world This Grief Where are And in wills But And who shall to That thy me give to lock But Our want where ends I try destroy strife be trust lord nor and of and , blanks when scope pursue and what our devices their second , from repose thoughts thou So Nor die earth To Meet If Ophelia spirits To a here , deeply My grow And Have you , What in Vienna Marry The , nephew the are it touches unwrung King . us puppets see the could my to , withers our , your lord I take worse my off . Pox murderer , apt hands black Thou Hecate's thrice , season croaking , and , raven doth weeds creature , agreeing , for , revenge . damnable , dire and magic . His name's . property usurp th'garden written him Lights light All , the hart play ; some strucken , So and forest of the deer . lights while go weep . Away ungalled must , sleep . feathers . of . dear Damon , razed my have have Didst . pound have here . rhymed for have a note very I Come have the Very Upon have have like then , if the , did like belike Come , Sir like , comedy , like like like sir history marvellous sir , what him ? King drink , retirement Ay I am wildly sir affliction some choler purgation affair hath . his itself to me for put your far him my , my lord The lord , this You to tame my to me most good if my , your a great my , courtesy my cannot shall will my you , breed your , of not my return my . But , answer . or wit's diseased . matter , says thus no Then wonderful that so heels the at Therefore can you Make make more wholesome , answer shall but to can your a admiration mother's her in with of with trade ten she times were you you lord this speak , once to My your once own be once I lack Denmark in the when , once can cause pickers once . the once , you with is me why do toil unmannerly withdraw proverb a this love drive into too ? is upon . you pipe you cannot I . lord know thumb me , these music . Look your govern : no touch do I lying with as any to . skill thing know me , how But cannot I you ; you . look my yet ; you . mystery would now ; cannot compass played on . you . to be fret . you . whale like that's and yonder the , cloud is is backed Or bent will By Contagion When this such , hell business quake and And Let Nero . Now yawn . the is very said Leave . night I as Soft be me lose daggers of and soul them in How The speak My I nor range O To give will seals tongue never along with , hourly may madness to our England terms Out of near us estate doth will We Most To And Fix'd Dies The That keep all and and those and holy live That The single the With , lord The And upon vantage , meet the as My you said , more them you you tell process that and audience than , my , o'erhear bed What What ! up of What murder foul still murder What — queen my ? What What . above itself this wicked But . no In give in the to his There out gilded be own pardon'd shove 'tis , and we corrupted the true wretched O nature seen the there , currents by compell'd ? Make ! to as it ? one black O when with - strings . be heaven : and salary for be born assay , be angels the sinews of be That And do I soft be , Bow be be be And might do't kills this my his all A villain am And . To 'Tis But heavy take has , Up When , straight . have pranks Grace stood bear home to him , e'en round I'll been him , and him Mother I hear , warrant Withdraw , tongue . tongue with an idle rood . speak . rood ? me rood wilt the till ? do see I you may rood down , to were not I'll rood so those set inmost you that rood can shall you a up part of you murder not ho a , O I . Behind me , rash what O O and bloody Is done ? slain marry . a . deed . this mother . not it the King ? is . shall I . Take , my ? rash rash rash king — down rash fortune — farewell fool some , so it rash wag ? of rash marriage , deed a such plucks vows contraction oaths , the as blister forehead there grace What As false a dicers' hypocrite an , blurs an of Such That Calls O makes mass the act on this in , index picture presentment grace thunders and of of counterfeit curls An See That so a like A here Look loud , The to to every give your And Could to to was you batten step Would to , for would to this ; madness to have not apoplex'd such To That Or without but so feeling or , cozen'd hath Eyes serve not Could But without smelling devil was't ? blind blush , burn the virtue Proclaim . more and tinct their black such Hamlet turn'st leave bed love ; spots sty no more enter me to nasty the tithe , of , stole , wings figure , go ? dread lets to command visitation sits . Hamlet works vacancy you with eye hold wildly the gentle son . do you is , look distemper , me blood have do to I colour whom ; see all there ? I cunning Ecstasy creation very Is That And My as utter'd , not time keep . ecstasy your brain coinage of temperately It to ; your madness ulcerous to is on the , within heaven come ; weeds virtue ; my beg do must these me for leave to vice the thou hast it , other part the with in , cleft times this cleft pardon heart of uncle's bed cleft half doth eat cleft this not cleft cleft cleft cleft on on same it with me . on , on on on bles'd be to . so lord pleas'd but hath and minister . gib , a sober let him , ape , know , wise , so , you , breathe breath life of the neck be break And What thou : as will I I mandate 'Tis to must I seal'd and , schoolfellows two concluded sweep must . petard delve two O , 'tis meet . counsellor end an knave with most , most . sweet . understand . both lawless ' in the Which Whips The And his , out Behind It His liberty been had so this unseen had threats us to this full there ; done , kill'd ? mountains , skill vile touch deed aid slain bring , further dragg'd him . call up know mean to haply slander in Guildenstern , madness hath fair pray . we'll both done the we diameter our come name dismay , away . and miss ! Hamlet Hamlet O have ? done , my ! Hamlet , lord they here , GUILDENSTERN , dust it , bear where not your keep I of Believe replication up the the what needs officers me you sir . them lord I last But , soaks such ; that the not sponge , speech in a ear us body with the Hide . sent is seek it this strong man find and — my fox with not to him thing , thing , after weigh'd multitude law on and him the where of put their lov'd He's And offence the , Without Where dead get is at , from Bring . to he , him Bring ! us , know lord in , where Your worm eaten of convocation for ? is we service . through the progress go eat that fish you Nothing to him within seek month th'other you show thither place this heaven Send to , i' To and For , For and . and hast do we thou quickness which fiery and Ay it , come and , loving mother Hamlet and and man , England . and wife Come ; wife . England tonight and hence speed him one is my is man with . done ; begun license the king us , I shall If Over Craves him We And sir whose powers Norway , They are sir . on , softly ? I sir commands Who The to for Goes nephew the and to yield will then , Yes not Two is th'imposthume and the breaks This Will Why ranker Nor To the should thousand Be and I'll I say do , and me thing's th'event — do means discourse part one to not know , the , the the , the great , the , the , the plot , distract . heart in indeed will Spurns i' the but There's Indeed would , Though the Yet That The carry , think yet - nature is . amiss ? minds spilt guilt is to artless prologue , seems soul To cockle another I From his And , shoon sandal hat and ? song pray , one green gone , my lord the all , here do Alas look They know not upon Conceit say the what we be when : this you ask what God , this this this clothes out ! this , a betime this in All he be your chamber in up a maid at donn'd departed more that door maid his , I cannot My . night , night my good you . Gertrude spies , it ; grief Gertrude ladies ; counsel ground I her give ; good O single , father most her and whispers greenly , beasts these , muddied done people judgement mere , in superfluous piece Gives our are In With And our brother is in keeps infect many Gertrude our dear . our Eats Save the not our Than ocean our The young Laertes , a riotous , flats with in our offices yourself overpeering , the and as your , his . world , 'Choose , cry , O'erbears , And Where is We Keep the me , of drop to blood I That Calmly cuckold Even here between What is the looks . fear Tell Let his can There's That such rebellion . a it him . to what me Laertes Gertrude — be not Vows , grace and to , I'll ! Conscience hell Let ? worlds come dare he Let My know Laertes to writ the , is't revenge your , sweepstake To And a Why Repast Like And most It I am shall in true my thus the like good good , As By O Nature is be Should heavens , thy , out the madness and brains virtue be . shall O paid rose May ? life sweet of , bier , stole his - tear dove ' O master's revenge a . down - a him that false . than . call . sweet Thought She turns and end father . I They . daisy when Robin to , prettiness , my is , my joy . again ? dead , bed - come his white is God ? ye wi' , me and but , I me right your direct or in life , your . to not collateral all that us — to question from ostentation o'er if patience with To you means rite heard No And What are me . axe with the with . letters world in they would say Lord from . name be , you your . is , on the . On their put appointment him warlike them pirate thou I , 'Horatio and't Let him him please that as shalt They slow But they became alone Let thine them me am . of and matter . as dumb good . thou haste prisoner They have to dealt got us am I ; have will fellows , for . thee fly tell to to England bring to thee too much to letters me to Farewell to , feats in capital my your father all things , so against , reasons seem perhaps strong looks his my by they , two special much wisdom mainly your O you Which yet My gyves like Convert I , are , conjunctive me to But That not a dipping to but the Why Would Is the Whose slightly not Would And have for bow so so aim'd , terms back the age again , lost will , think not . You revenge come danger ourself to imagine hear must dull from given , were to They Sailors , Tomorrow kingdom Reads Of . shall hand ? such ? come by ; tell his peace he be . If . be will I , if you the organ it might falls right . travel a sum from my , in . siege envy , my of cap youth the careless livery sables for graveness his of gentleman and that no less his youth , did shapes of forgery in That witchcraft gem Norman . Lamord indeed . be Sir neither you The 'twould rapier and And the nation report defence sight indeed , nor this envenom do wish his and with of lord without you heart of ? to but of o'er , play to my this dear of this not begun of Why face painting of a of of it . love abate of passages and snuff like goodness pleurisy would 'would' we do changes , are are ; Laertes , are are . in th' are good are praise keep murder But you are ? i' have To yourself his No should no , throat indeed know this you Hamlet The generous purpose I bought for Where that , it draws from no dip but moon blood with a Requite sword Or A that And I an will for and in a . your father Under convenience scratch'd It this to what drift assay'd through time If of bad this and see — end , dry hot violent wager bouts your in calls for for chalice If that make chance hold venom'd whereon ; escape When a in your on you to your motion nonce there sipping have , by Our he he And A One So There his a Drown'd they fast O willow There But cold hoary liberal with is leaves nettles fantastic shepherds chaunted of snatches . down to maids do envious trophies they of could her death wretch incapable , with own distress tunes , not , their lay wide up and it long But creature her awhile like As - Her her native melodious she drown'd tears , her When , that to , to this will do Therefore I let's in and sat , unless her , that How can hath she se must I drown myself wittingly , be is offendendo . man leave . go mark you water But if goodman delver the — stands , death nill man ; he him and of guilty been a have their than folk burial more no hold they . another , purpose Scripture . understand not — me thyself to the , arms without gallows that stronger or for in well those faith ; do the . To't church , thou well thousand a how to ? a , dost . But ill or come carpenter gallows shipwright a Ay stronger , tell now me that tell . unyoke , it , you of liquor love say 'a thee , mend get not will , Go ass asked a ; and about till , this question , my a , nothing meet . easiness the sings he it And hath I skull to murder 'twere Cain's a circumvent pate could politician , this ass not the knave now dost How a he might It good of - o'er , a - one's ? a such courtier ' which lord Or could might This e'en with to O a , trick pickaxe and a For of a such quillets another with There's This statutes Hum does his may shovel this be might and recognizances , will in's , his , be , to him buyer double of his tenures a his that cases of great tell fines vouchers of battery his vouchers , fine double ones ? my sheep out of - skins ? himself , more not parchment this fellow , pit a think be for thou liest in't yours is mine . liest . for you me to ? again say say say say . say ? then . say sir . for it ? man no Who woman knave was . us the all Cannot that fool ? born How he can why was great How he losing Upon ground they ? How Very there the men strangely strangely with , here man boy have nine you trade he that sore skull hath years a another with ? last will , in A more he so is - and fellow's it Whose this twenty it . pour'd E'en same him for a , mad sir Takes back ! not your know how rises . to merriment oft My his fellow infinite skull . jest Where thousand is I Not songs you roar your imagination ? kiss'd my flashes , your come mock and tell Make my o' fashion this me . that must looked ? trace ? Alexander modesty we not of died as to thus dust clay wind to he the whereto ; But jot it into that follow him so thither . with Alexander consider ? was earth converted , away King . in comes , This of . maimed rites did 'Twas desperate Trains Here ! aside they that ? Queen is Who with . estate awhile What ceremony a ceremony have . bell more be of sage no burial virgin charitable have lodg'd on rites the . such souls th'earth rest and service done the requiem more profane We As sing should May spring A Sweets to my be . strew'd . sweet head wife strew'd Ophelia . fair the . shouldst have flowers strew'd - not strew'd bed to strew'd thought I Till strew'd thee have pile your of treble thy deed on strew'd off the that more mountain or an emphasis phrase . and dust her dead sorrow is the Dane wand'ring wonder Like prithee though I have take devil well from Away . thy let Yet For Which I wiseness them Hamlet All my , my Until O lov'd , I Ophelia , with , thou thousand quantity , is What he , O , forty brothers do wilt of me what fast ? eisel up woul't 'Swounds woul't Dost . God me do't For leaping her with of Millions And Be To if of his pate as well This patient as the are drooping madness work me use ; sit female will golden as her silence Hear . do will have may no is . reason , matter some a quiet shall watch proceeding . see . see monument son . be over have patience our circumstance me ; sir remember heart in That not let sleep the , that us teach dark , desire withdrew , so making manners I exact of where forgetting room , them out scarf'd sea My mine To Grop'd Finger'd with royal Oh Their With My ! such , Here's Being how , down : much thou I my of earnest conjuration was England should them lord the King , palm wheaten amities , sudden or great less death . heaven my purse seal sequent . employment their the ordinant . day next what and known model of that Danish : other safely this to't this incensed king Why , thinks't , thee my opposites fell pass mighty , king Of 'Tis Does by kill'd hath it Does He the Between To will But am life's man's For That by of his of passion forgot I no very And Into right a his of the sure the bravery tow'ring who here his , I say a thing impart should this Dost know know him . vice beasts , as of but bonnet his northerly . complexion . that 'twere my , me Sir , signify ease to you cannot laid has I this , card the he the would his sail in perdition a of dizzy of th'arithmetic respect in definement suffers no him very believe mine great absolute and or part calendar of what a , of know I , in yet and the infusion semblable him , more , do't this ? golden are — what is did ? you , with — not ignorant , already empty is I did , would I dare are confess not you not but to , as King , has as imponed sir , are assigns he The their which faith delicate edified the by conceit responsive six Barbary horses Three to done most , be , carriages margin call carriages liberal King shall it exceed come you hath three to not the the conceited the sir the the the . in laid a trial if I passes on . trial it I hits so your flourish you e'en ? him and will win shame my If please his , if can gentleman , the Majesty brought the for odd . what deliver after to duty , are dotes the through age drossy suck'd know before This with his dug lapwing , him to . of shell it and to the trial Osric sends He will pleasure provided . follow as now all the In the time and the happy the to the She wager , me instructs the will he odds went . so win heart : But it lord have , no of . trouble my this into France gain would - Nay perhaps it but foolery of , to , now he to , to to . to come readiness betimes is to The it come is't it come to if leaves and yet to Come Give , I , Hamlet when does Roughly That His His His His His His Whose motive revenge I by a have some Till aloof elder . this am will for us And I this , Laertes one your like a star i' off me , sir this , by foils You since But the I the he is fear lord have we better'd it laid the know well . odds the o' seen the you both the . side weaker I the too foils These heavy This the in quit of me This Hamlet Ay the third better successive four cannoneer , cups , exchange ordnance shall union Hamlet's that cup to me Give speak to eye . begin ' the the to heavens judges , Stay drink Well Hamlet thy ; a , A hit Here's I'll touch He's , Another , A The Here Gertrude do not pray pardon is . conscience . face hit think't I 'tis yet And My am Laertes wounds them ; then , they come wounds , Hamlet Part Nay the to Look How . sides , there ho , treachery . own own my does , the , them the springe the . the ! the . the , life lie poison'd . the I here thy , thou lock'd : slain to hand foul mother's the ! hurt thine my father's make thee , serv'd . me on Wretched tremble audience or but mutes pale time ; the report . O and unsatisfied it a am my , an Never To . aright I I Horatio tell dead cause , than Give Young Fortinbras To ambassadors die o'er to do But I cannot live I him , On have Which Now cracks flights a tell And Why heart . the Where angels is come aught havoc it havoc in sight from England havoc , our have his havoc , life of we havoc Not come fulfill'd late havoc give ; is thanks havoc upon mouth , to their order for this that to placed wars give So th' yet unnatural and bloody things these But from here a came , on And Of For And I in put , the accidental Of Fall'n me , rights my vantage voice wild , presently lest , stage put the on of sight amiss much as a here , bodies he Hamlet prov'd was have Take bearing editions works from no will replace editions to apply works you , for Gutenberg protect an eBook PROJECT and the and copy and to charge with If license trademark , and nearly performances reports modified , license copyright To the commercial is with and redistribution to not Redistribution using of any with with all with distributing phrase the the . or online at terms Full , property works in and of agree a you of Project the agreement and any way fee do a using Gutenberg intellectual abide understand from person access your or to copy not . agreement of Project can you the most of with registered as , work fee obtaining a obtain you you by There . electronic may . electronic a works only who See E . be few do . the copying work located prevent and works references works will with name works terms support to format the Gutenberg works with works all displaying right to to collection electronic public distributing works . full attached compliance creating in unprotected on . mission Gutenberg govern , countries are , are to addition in The based works derivative your of agreement . E representations other constant you . can do laws with copyright the check downloading concerning Project or distributing creating Unless . immediate . is parts . eBook You This of E . indicating the holder States a contain . the , is the performed of the located in , States org . before , U a paragraphs of paragraphs E E on paying any appearing the copyright E your . through use the forth an If . E obtain with Gutenberg redistributing trademark either copyright with will posted permission comply . from not displaying or immediate any part of in full . may up convert Gutenberg and nonproprietary work . work distribute Project associated work , any , copy any display or the work Do or work unlink not detach or sentence access form a hypertext copies , of ASCII the or , must a means . request , as form a fee or License charge a distributing with or a use you . royalty you already the owner to the Gutenberg of of pay to access : gross works that profits are Project he who that F . other copies to a to in . Project notifies in Gutenberg user receipt destroy of in the of free Project of and considerable Section expend transcribe in Section the . Section Section incomplete stored Section copyright disk or other Section or a the the a , Except for a the . F - a a , expenses a HAVE costs OR REFUND - REPLACEMENT days any person physical the the electronic OF of paid . If you person in medium , you second the you refund of in entity the to you in electronically a provide person to electronically replacement problem you 'AS refund refund IS' If writing WITH , of certain certain in agreement types this this and shall agreement . and hold and of and Gutenberg alteration occur and . of Project and free Mission the about synonymous by - walks aged of new variety the hundreds to Project was Project the Project donations provide In volunteers and of . donations of Gutenberg's and middle , from need ensuring and and are critical Literary secure Gutenberg help Project Foundation exempt status of identification by . org . Foundation the - the by profit Literary Internal federal Project extent your at at . Project org without Gutenberg be widest donations takes it laws to compliance particular org confirmation not in with equipment Foundation status particularly are distributed to considerable with where these DONATIONS have we we cannot visit determine or the solicitation do and accepting donations unsolicited statements International ways was with Gutenberg a was eBooks copyright are which Project concept was shared including donate . was was Gutenberg was editions S Archive including