Who's ? Stand and ? the . answer now King Barnardo You He . cold , haste , guard stirring and ho Who there them to And Friends I my , Barnardo has soldier place . ground this Stand . the honest good O A , who good there , what Horatio . Marcellus tonight appear'd piece of him . I will And 'tis belief let says us That approve With Touching , eyes apparition of minutes I have the again if That let Last Barnardo star yond When his course Well And , us of . the of of , and that's . Look myself Horatio , to scholar art a figure thee break like ; to be me Mark and it usurp'st , that It It King it ? fear Horatio wonder with and of By the . spoke Horatio that with In What majesty heaven charge warlike night speak buried time , it form . more think , not look fantasy than answer and on't ! something 'Tis , not ! you not mine Before my ! God Of the , and ! tremble eyes he ; on ! might . thyself had on when Norway ? and I not this our watch hour strange at in very art stalk before once the thou to : opinion state . tell he , not my by . 'Tis , jump strange the toils why foreign mart implements of subject for sit land cannon week the this shipwrights is't Who the might Does Why And What make At now , Why this So nightly And impress not Did forfeit stood the a the Fortinbras , and those ; return'd same , cov'nant had competent conqueror his , some lawless , young design'd which ; as sir by ; article , full head , the e'en in this but palmy and the mote In The A little and with Disasters Did Was sick even whose the the But I'll cross If thou If to there may thee Have prologue heaven And and our , though sound any to if , hast be speak That If speak art thou thy speak may , O . speak Stop of which For speak speak speak here here here do here it it , is here I his - to , here or throat cock mockery invulnerable violence show when the fearful And is To to , summons it vain speak then on the 'gainst is , long night dare birth probation object . Th'extravagant of our of wholesome , singeth hath witch , and so spirit all erring confine his To It say Wherein Some The bird faded The No Break Walks But look we Do This Unto As we , fitting I most conveniently it know . with him acquaint shall yet be green , queen of sorrow hearts we That bear memory Cornelius Though of our contracted be To Yet Together , with , whole brother's , and in , our on with of nature . joy , barr'd . advantage , marriage freely our Fortinbras , dirge we herein and delight scale funeral auspicious and ; equal Or to our a affair thinking disjoint dream to , with ourself uncle is have : impotent To for fail'd state not Our Holding follows Now You further Of The , of you Giving of , and , and greeting , articles . the than ; dilated King the and VOLTEMAND Farewell and all let nothing , your things CORNELIUS show allow we : the , farewell will commend it now us Laertes heartily duty Laertes you ? beg the . with , Dane to what's suit some . offer , hand Dread though whence leave wouldst throne shall lose And You offer offer bow From my confess in favour show now them offer And you duty my lord have and offer the instrumental more , I offer your coronation Laertes France ; and slow . bend consent him beseech his I petition bend ; to ; seal'd give be thine at last bend my will son bend and than , bend bend much still and I the kin it time hard spend fair best , i' my , thy at , less hang you the am clouds more nighted a is . Denmark lids . too thy ever common , that it Not thine know'st Do for And let Seek That with , For seems so particular , If know mother , suits which and the passeth might of ; indeed man nature of moods my of condolement . for father duties to the a term your will a unmanly survivor bound common , to opposition , to sense and incorrect . obstinate a understanding know For ? As Why we most , to grief , must most should To death corse fathers From Take You And the As 'This We a a today hath you throw theme nature peevish fault common , heaven fault us he the world take , remain , our : Wittenberg our you we most I of are a the Than beseech cheer her all ; lose with shall In is in Do that which Here Our , ourself Why It I Re the No rouse the heaven clouds grace of accord . thunder itself into and too ! fix'd not Everlasting solid shall drinks today tell again , whereof Hamlet come and that my loving . the Come , O a God in ! unprofitable resolve Oh ! to Seem Possess months it grows 'gainst weary , slaughter flat 'tis should not , winds to , to gross an come things rank it — satyr ; nay ; all on't dead that . a Fie Hyperion to ; fed it what By not That face remember Niobe ! and have me I ? increase if and think As he Must and too roughly Why and , appetite , those yet my . tears and longer , wants more Within but Hercules salt of most galled , sheets incestuous and most in dexterity to good . well hold ! post my . see do good name Marcellus make what My that my or , The you lord And But glad to good see , from , faith would To yourself it of no truant . are your affair deep Elsinore report ? depart . you fellow follow'd lord to me violence , was ! the marriage in The it mock thrift I Or My father I had furnish do teach My Would ever — my , Did Thrift coldly I my Where my my seen that lord my , my Horatio my king my while I you deliver till for ! admiration Season The my the lord an Upon . them oppress'd before and truncheon's Within Stand his to , dreadful speak jelly In The of I Where apparition comes hands are each word , made I These My you they the , thing was speak this not Did answer then motion lifted at But And It ; to . away , speak did it cock morning head made up , the sound even very 'Tis lord . our 'tis in , this duty true me know you the , down it sirs ? his you top to head beaver say . toe lord my lord Then look'd more What countenance , my in sorrow he , than red eyes , yes or A fix'd or And or , or ? pale upon . have much or had been Most or moderate Longer longer BARNARDO like tell . saw't grizzled beard , very amaz'd it might with I noble you I'll A tonight ; again I well . tongue . you to All not , sight silence , your be have in platform Your father's foul arms mine Our duty spirit in loves honour fare twelve and eleven is come men's rise ! were soul my play would : the as are , will deeds , blood toy nature , of not sweet of a lasting ; youth and but it temple not does more so . alone ; in more , minute now nature his doth besmirch soul waxes , must , depends choice choice on persons do birth , if of that state body you withal place and goes sustain may honour circumscrib'd whole his own loves believe he be far to says further . his which is songs treasure no particular loss his To If Fear Or , And of Ophelia your too credent , his It Then give weigh you your deed the with heart fear the shot The Out it she Too Be then oft morn this But my th'effect lies lesson libertine , heaven my good steep the Whilst too O . not grace ; pastors of . brother do comes father . of double own his not me path thorny way puff'd a the And recks like I And in Give in blessing sail here you The upon , for stay'd sits smiles double Occasion shoulder no act means no familiar thou Nor thou Yet And unto not dull , thoughts tongue by thought ; beware , thy , thy thou any - to every Give Of Grapple each man's man do new thine ; purse but may unfledg'd palm soul with But hatch'd but being in voice man : day true gaudy , friend ; lord servants tend remember your well . any the man . go invites Farewell What , please is't What private way in your so do of As Given me something well touching : late of you put I — as , that of Pooh Unsifted Of believe ! such it What do , Running , Or Marry Which it to , In lord you'll the ta'en , teach my not are I'll know — not wind me me the poor dearly , soul both , I do blazes , heat promise light take of at is as for your a that him parley command Believe Than Be something Even , Lends in their And not Not But believe Than Do of mere beguile and few may For Lord , brokers are unholy of sanctified that his their tether you given a scanter not Look I I so in , better vows be may to't ; come talk is . forth . Lord very twelve . It draws to wont lord the is it the wake held . not this does doth wassail his the tonight takes of Wherein What mean . walk then , rouse reels upspring , his . native it than ; the here his swaggering thus custom is a am and revel tax'd in Ay kettle - The as Keeps trumpet and they mole , choose height guilty them reason o'erleavens , one the manners habit Or breaking Carrying say pales the down their birth , cannot some By His , virtues Shall From Doth that To lord Look man man as pure star these men defect man undergo take The fault substance scandal , of grace goblin man or blasts it defend man of to com'st Thou Angels thee airs man thee Dane , hearsed in man , sepulchre the death Hamlet ! wicked marble may wicked and in mean wicked , steel , wicked , wicked wicked do souls our What we glimpses corse up op'd Wherein burst thy bones ; but moon disposition of of and shake reaches the again thee saw we cerements ponderous ; why What quietly his thee cast thou Revisit'st hideous this thoughts Say It night horridly Making So is With to our the with did removed it more should we desire . fee a do . follow ; to ? it . my the horrible , follow pin's what set me there assume And if , tempt to It waves . sea , the That The Being Which more looks It waves me thee . sea desperation , still I'll not , not My , And I , By say , away hardy makes him that . me thee thus imagination on call'd petty lion's , of ! waxes what issue with I'll gentlemen a desperate not , I'll make Go , of the will Denmark state direct will , go no I'll . Something will My Whither Nay follow me Mark . flames come I hour Must Pity To not Alas render ! hearing . is sulph'rous poor serious I shall . hear a the To and the So art . walk fast that unfold done day crimes And purg'd secrets thy stars whose my for I What am to for Till Doom'd foul a and Make Thy To flesh thou didst blood eternal dear blazon to on God father . love most O list not , unnatural Murder and thy Murder ears of this But O . must ! murder ! be , and it is unnatural swift weed fat . love the ; Denmark , process know of whole of , sting thou in my , death father's . wears ! life beast that , wit traitorous ear the but Now me stir rots thou serpent given Wouldst seduce , Hamlet O will wit ! won love most and Mine Ay With witchcraft wicked those To I made . it went Upon So lust , But in in was even ; gifts were poor . there dignity vow to mov'd , bed morning orchard my , heaven never as in a . stole decline of with that the on on within in a afternoon , always juice on such an of in And Holds The on And That my on Will ! Brief swift gates sudden of distilment it blood courses the ; on body doth it into man effect enmity on porches cursed hour the as with curd And With hebenon of pour whose , a disappointed unanel'd sin my account . dispatch'd ; it Denmark nor howsoever And thy her thorns and those to mother To The And - sting mind Against , heart What else ; Hold thee O ! me near lodge her in ; But Taint thy not prick Adieu 'gins host of all And all observation away forms all from you Ay O you my sinews grow thee live there fond , globe . brain my of volume commandment , all the table of records memory copied books thy trivial youth of and the O Unmix'd My villain , O , villain . Denmark villain be may it you adieu have I 'Adieu , woman down it I , me my a and Hamlet Within may am uncle , My MARCELLUS , sworn't , remember to Lord . be ! Lord , boy it . Lord Lord . Lord . ho So Lord Within Hillo Within Lord ! it it heaven my . of think . lord O wonderful . it reveal by , ne'er How There's But my ; Why , lord this hold right and right part , poor , There's These business it every man and desire all part but . too there tell Horatio lord my Touching know ghost And scholars now is this , is my words . and poor what that ? MARCELLUS one friends offence much And Yes honest Saint an you are me , as , HORATIO lord make you seen tonight not will we , swear't have my lord not . lord , indeed . stage the my . Art thou there . under upon sworn thou Consent this so have We my , you . in upon , truepenny , swear , hands Swear of this we'll Swear of to have ? Come hither Then that sword . shift you . i' remove Canst . Well worthy , Beneath my again by ubique lay said As strange as things in work sword ! old pioner and And There A as an thus pronouncing never , so hereafter odd of dreamt I To Than How , Or That Or we 'If 'Well grace you With before , I soe'er some could you arms , at your we and mercy aught ambiguous of : giving and your do , your you , your , you to your pray . your perturbed his . us go Hamlet as friending I lips O , your spite . joint it go . and shall fingers of born joint Reynaldo joint make , joint , joint joint shall well how What what well are means , question at very who and Enquire By me , company what lord you do said Marry And this , and come , mark and knowledge will son , lord , him it ; you Paris and expense what , first son drift of of , 'I — son demands touch more nearer son , son , wild that known son son . lord usual ' , ' , go swearing ' . far ' . ' . may charge on in ' dishonour it fencing You season Quarrelling no , as not The That's You that another meaning may they he That my in outbreak A flash and savageness general assault — mind faults his breathe blood . this good unreclaimed be this in seen you or you to so ; man and Of or breathe ever ' He little Mark fetch sullies on soil'd , you would the country ? leave ? say 'friend , guilty in with the , And He was What to or so , in the you 'closes Or in ' with with saw he falling saw , then or Videlicet So By , falsehood wisdom forth so takes house a tennis' at enter brothel a , my son windlasses do And With indirections my with and , lord You , you my inclination him I , And let lord my lord my , lord , I Ophelia , With . music his hell . it I before of out gyved knocking piteous down and if shirt upon Lord Pale , his of know hand thus brow hard held me arm so his of . his , o'er shaking waving mine down stay'd of and and arm , he my ; wrist face , bulk profound piteous done to shatter , go the . eyes his their on seek go itself sorry I . to their will will very light me . without went way shoulder , turn'd without undertakings desperate love . the violent as oft leads Whose with And As afflict you my access repel that to you . and judgement my But That quoted , No , have What I I And seems wreck thee I it Come for the we love . might . provoke you . our the close younger ourselves it discretion grief we ; have call that , his than Since that was cannot . th'understanding so have use the man Rosencrantz much to Something . nor Hamlet's we hasty need Moreover did nor transformation The More father's death so , by you , to unknown and remedy of , to him put hath himself brought I entreat and to companies gather to here youth his rest young dream your court to thanks to our us awhile hope receive of it adheres expend supply visitation fits to by Both Might the , pleasures sovereign Put your dread As a Your For profit remembrance such , feet . commanded your bent entreaty you . have of us in freely you gentlemen these service To both obey , at . Rosencrantz to instantly is , presence return'd my good lord news presence good father of presence . liege , soul presence I to my or presence presence my to think it Hunts hath very cause , The of speak Give news the shall My be that fruit trail do Hamlet's lunacy I that found . bring queen other no my to and that do that first admittance to , all your grace sweet them it we Say I and me , He The Voltemand Well good marriage ; found Polack appear'd fine in and sends , obeys suppress to impotence joy uncle against , those with employ crowns , arms in : fee , Majesty overcome levied an of safety down well more the soldiers herein you to . took we'll ; upon . is time day the night noble for be nothing true madness mad , mad . foolish . else but of and is night outward son . Your go pity 'tis . figure true art swear 'tis it him . 'tis ; at remains effect . cause this a . 'beautified' is vile Ophelia , Perpend , doubt a stars madam these to truth the sun be thee dear most evermore lady in best obedience out fell , This Thine What As they And above to receiv'd ? the you tell that might what you , think , book I me here - or queen told perceiv'd I Or given Or seen prove I What you my Hamlet Or my dear ? I love ' . look'd upon And That not And he heart think is 'Lord messengers took sadness a Thence to Admit Fell to Thence Into And think very into a madness and he It have , likely this , may positively it When you , be Do time I'd ? fain said ''Tis so that find . know , ' otherwise this I otherwise . her from the And Let Mark such Within the though You you sometimes At But where beseech look We will farm his If daughter to then reason not But try . carters wretch , do good mercy . me reading poor well Excellent . would my Not are me know lord my you , picked one man man a kissing a as , dog my . a goes thousand , ten . carrion you dead not a love my , daughter ? a Yet gone very lord my , a you extremity fishmonger Friend look a . far ; he , daughter a for . read is that old have lord do much harping Still , slave ; a , and are matter mean I'll speak words — is Words What matter the grey amber wit here their sir , they . yet weak ; most that sir you the yet grave ? which his lord , there my method most of and . you powerfully thus I to the that often madness air of prosperously will that out . take of meeting humbly between life my most from my , withal cannot sanity replies is part . willingly is well old my fools ; Hamlet to tedious , you Fare You , thou ! lord do of children indifferent Good ! dear dost not are are soles , Neither the in cap of , or in . shoe happy button ? we we O is None is the secret near your , But , lord , particular my What . doomsday Then goodly , 'tis thinking ambition were it in none We it so ; think to for To . it be I God dreams Which and but ambition a to we beggars . court th' and shadow's reason you GUILDENSTERN , light but so airy , ROSENCRANTZ the most dreadfully attended my , heroes quality a that it fay my outstretch'd I . upon I , am ; nay lord for should me justly it , I To the I that dear ? friends my Is anything . of enough teach - charge you withal , be To . an I . Nay ever , fellowship I late this and tell will your but exercises goodly , this of , and frame wherefore firmament most appears faculties in . an angel in form in , quintessence delight . when We offer coted you his coming I what woman so no to me you delights your lord by you My Why my receive are shall gratis sigh He of clown freely they be knight laugh her , adventurous the ; not freely their I they freely same the freely freely freely endeavour in the they ; on are call so quills they goose clapped their children little most the are , are they common keeps afraid tyrannically How rapiers berattle afterwards pursue the - Who ? eyases and are they so , if much much possible ? of it throwing ? away . been the my ; make would not O , there Do at in while this . players , come . You with tell me hands natural it more uncle my my for apiece mouths hundred something appurtenance lest of , outward But what hawk with be from like the players ceremony to welcome and and When . handsaw too yet to them ; of and , Guildenstern second there comes come : to My right I lord have are Buzz come you hither , an in Rome . actor each my honour , historical for ! daughter Why . he right th' i' he he O me lord he I I he he . old daughter look was you where For more Thy face is valanc'd . wot Denmark me masters The abridgement as , then pass my a be French is your e'en cracked , We'll see Come not to't to my all will quality have We'll passionate speech give , nearer like . a ladyship beard welcome since my , when young than Masters pleased received , I of down no , not ? fly us at anything , you if others million remember acted or it — an and , modesty excellent as top phrase , speech thereabout live me let with it One in indite might mine in the set — much the lines sallets the honest fine let whose in complexion foot begins sable the dread more total . impasted That their murders lend blood With Now With fathers o'ersized Roasted a coagulate hellish seeks Priam grandsire And God , eyes is the and proceed well To With like vile , gore wrath parching streets Pyrrhus with carbuncles you , good finds he , His lies Greeks where , at Unequal wind Then , this feel drives arm with Ilium wide , sword . his blow . For , my Priam ear Which to nothing his , stick his milky th'air a lo on , and . matter crash , pause to the Of reverend as a Did see and the after new him sets never less , out As bold the vengeance armour Now thou synod take ! All wheel , still rack speechless , the in The we winds region did And And , is as the general , Mars's On tale come bawdry your too This round spokes the all Break bowl It to a long . or on to . Hecuba the threat'ning ! 'The queen' A instant A The Where and rheum her blanket the saw Pyrrhus A mortal A A About this A had seen with stood diadem the th'alarm did A venom malicious that burning at not colour , this . A , in's the the not his , speak players than of hear Do of . you well out brief bad you eyes . has rest And made Unless he you the were you eyes . desert , The . them epitaph chronicles soon will every honour your your Use them merit , friend old hear should lord , much the , whipping less bodikin they more Dost dozen ha't We'll tomorrow sixteen . Ay lines thou which and Guildenstern good . Elsinore to lord are , lord . and my him you leave , of all to dream a slave b' . ye wi' fiction his distraction in's in , Could in from O To Rosencrantz . welcome rogue God that But , Ay A that in not that that monstrous it Is to that his I have He guilty , and with her him , conceit that working his whole his her function nothing ! aspect , suiting Hecuba the general the a say Upon John A The he What's weep for the And ! As But me by Ha Tweaks Remorseless what the son revenge ass my of am Oh Prompted I treacherous offal should should , this , That murder With mine to uncle like organ it have though , miraculous no tongue malefactions have their They by For Before tent my May him the pleasing weakness me I'll Abuses As he Out of very and my yea , potent damn than spirits this drift on days ? to keeps be means distracted speak himself lunacy of circumstance , by forward but much receive true him his Of But When question in disposition of his , But with of assay it on the way in They . out . did This him seem , And o'er And , there - hear it I most him ; entreat the inclin'd matter content me . much . delights . to and To gentlemen shall We to these lord Hamlet as Good , Affront th'affliction his love for or is he of he accident leave . here may too for sent 'twere ourselves that , Ophelia by , Sweet we For And Hamlet's Will wish — Ophelia . I . such loneliness To part your to , 'Tis too . show a harlot's Aside ugly , that . cheek O much my the to beautied with thing most that , sugar may blame colour . 'tis too do that doth plastering visage o'er conscience : suffer painted , the , shocks consummation troubles sleep 'tis die sea outrageous of to a them and be to have give makes so There's this life . respect of may there's the , law's , office dispriz'd of oppressor's pangs The The , calamity bear wrong love whips the of patient When bare he sweat a quietus weary under would bourn spurns man's time bear proud , might of That ? Who dread of from those pith native rather returns fly to conscience Than Is name regard of enterprises Ophelia great currents pale hue of resolution us of turn action of my o'er with make that others does Be ! your does Good honour you I longed long have remembrances . lost you honest discourse no commerce honesty your beauty should honesty honesty translate sooner of once but can , transform ? with will , have of sometime than power beauty the a our . sinners am I me . me could be a ; my proof was This not but relish me of for you , lord virtue the I was shall thee to indifferent were revengeful it , them . put to thoughts in them are myself that ambitious in should all such , O doors shut the ice as I'll : marry thou him . plague this enough ; You and , well it hath jig married , I and you say all you your already that are o'erthrown ! down ! reason , music sovereign his deject quite mould of form , of , harsh fair , and and I . soul , in lack'd way , youth see , little to tribute expel objects brains of fashion From do origin set Thus commencement The This commencement shall his commencement himself well and love us what , alone her commencement after all How . hold queen , grief To commencement commencement England Your commencement ones you as many go do players to the in not , passion ; Nor . smoothness all , it do of dumb , Termagant shows groundlings the for avoid it you . passion , It and . who a must offends tear . whipped warrant but your own her laugh one cannot but players be must overdone or age nature the at very to both for , special . with the ; action the to your , the word the o'erstep , and so to body of judicious o'erweigh tardy now was , a have whole his the pressure have of nor Nature's they have reform'd have for on necessary villainous fool the in have considered have That's set And have piece lord hear King . it that in down some those let altogether it reform laugh . uses , now them ? of . presently haste hasten GUILDENSTERN What ho , will , Horatio conversation dear O at . man just art As , Hath A , Hast And Where my could of men was pregnant the . For her thou the thy from spirits , hear - blessed are well for much comes it of with the , told thee . very comment foot . seen occulted soul . father's . him man wear me Fortune's will heart tonight play when not Do As his note speech we him his seeming Well . judgements have , death - is our face lord , the . A are They march faith ; of fares How , the Guildenstern you a and Hamlet Hamlet . i' . mine words ? others Queen . I idle . eat these you . play'd lord , and ? me was kill'd th' What Caesar did That enact I nor now . To th'university my , did enact you Capitol . patience . calf a stay they me that mark ? your your lap ? lord upon ? between lie nothing lord my Nothing are , I Who think only cheerfully - merry You ? maker looks , hours . man do my a . my merry ? two suit But Then ? yet have a a black outlive , or ! forgot ; epitaph else 'For , ' is shall and takes a ears a He . upon him him King's the makes passionate and Poisoner , again but The in comes away in . awhile and carried . it lord . mischief what this keep of I'll mark hearing to beg and your our tragedy naught Be : him us you'll not naught naught For us . play naught . are tell naught you your naught stooping , naught prologue or naught Full As So far from . Yet it your from ere sun sacred moons wash salt the That For you , distrust aught my cheer siz'd proof my , in made , state holds hath fear you so ; know fear . quantity nothing former . too and as behind kind breast my but thrift instances the wed None Are second kill determine marriage the . lose propose . joy debt doth slender destroy lament accident not aye grieves joy enactures for should with us to , we that , doth ourselves passion in with grief on , makes you else fortune fortunes most revels loves fortune question friends fortune our ; yet ; friend enemies favourite advanc'd love when no thy light and day trust and nor food give me thoughts thy Nor die think thou wilt , ours devices are so do to to and repose desperation lock turn hence would once Sport An from cheer a sworn dull Sweet I Both Meet If widow have in my ever me , well pursue , leave break me here tedious sleep I be it wife lasting I it . would ? methinks her she'll word . thy you this in't . there offence . world too how play Madam you they , see in Mousetrap The but is Tropically Duke's piece souls ; nephew the to King . us of good is gall'd Lucianus . jest how a have are You a you keen are one chorus your love , if I unwrung . you take . keen off , croaking the Begin better groaning raven doth time for fit and you creature weeds collected ; damnable agreeing , leave edge , and midnight blasted usurp Gonzago name's His life natural wholesome love the him murderer in gets choice and With Confederate mixture Hecate's On Thy , season What How frighted o'er how . Away . lights ? lord let this me a , get Half . a with a I . of some while forest ; me , Turk whole thou , So and some Why fortunes Would shoes one , thousand have I'll You the O dismantled and ? good O Horatio Very , well note my word for a pound comedy , him . lord ghost's perceive well Ah then Why my King , you — marvellous him distempered , sir ? drink what retirement ; sir Ay the not perhaps and frame . choler would , signify this to in your The Queen lord Your , choler affliction of welcome you are . great You courtesy into sir , pronounce affair more your my , put discourse to of breed do be shall I , cannot and is most answer return the will your the end mother's But , My . diseased as such my — you , mother answer say sir you and , mother the to your so you with that admiration a stonish . this her in mother to She , times our closet Have pickers these did us with ? distemper of deny if your , can that if , my but grass grows — To if my bold , with you me this too is a unmannerly pipe would . be Will I you I you cannot . cannot pray I , my You are , these , these it , will discourse ventages to would is ? you what play you note top of to . you , am . though out pluck . lowest . excellent sir . and , cannot you that's like . weasel a is whale . fool They like like 'tis it , is a backed Or Very my . By by and I — Would And to quake The do , Let speak soul in , her somever this be but thy she my soul hypocrites . thy ever thy use shent , thy range will along thy shall England thy of near to him words and tongue give To How nor our terms his commission so I The single keep spirit upon itself The That keep and feed strength upon religious many those To live We holy With not of . boist'rous , you For Arm Each whose on fetters but ruin ; spokes small and adjoin'd pray you ; now will King I ; mortis'd ten when annexment ; petty , Never general groan . voyage ; speedy fear a with this upon ; free haste will going to GUILDENSTERN . Which that process the My lord , The I'll speech Since my offence is dear rank , eldest , my I what it smells . Pray double I enough snow to defeats guilt a than itself . forestalled prayer the pause ! A Though And I Were Is fault serve my be ; since me look , fall , but in But To To pardon'd past Or Of May In There true nature seen 'tis no In in give to evidence And the his Buys My crown To Try wretched Yet O repentance can and , can state ! strings - struggling bosom can as forehead What when that Help the heart to with one cannot repent be free death steel of Make black angels well . would same salary bread and That do son kills am I'll might do be for full as knows of then of , revenge ; as his in more his season'd passage his in't that his whereto thy My prolongs My Words This As , has him Then trip , him his never thoughts without up home . hath too lay bear here , matter what's , hast thou , have father father idle with now how , my offended . offended ? now ? me not , so . rood husband's not Queen set I'll the are No , Have by were you down see the thou What , Draws , ho A ? help help . now for Dead , Thou ? may sit those till I go You Where O a and deed Is not know took Thou be . thy king . Take , shall ; with word fool , so . thy — sense it wag noise , thou my fortune , farewell tongue , rose the contraction of such makes glow plucks deed , doth mass sick , Ay and . a sweet , oaths , visage tristful Yea very of this solidity - loud That With so The , a , See Hyperion's station Mars grace counterfeit upon curls like eye picture of presentment what every did world Look set his indeed , hill kissing herald Mercury , your sure but ; motion this in upon apoplex'd from the day - call judgement this to it ? Ha . love Sense judgement so of choice that sense have humble judgement , was some you ! judgement shame sickly a Rebellious judgement If so without That To thou judgement flaming To in melt When judgement not the frost And Could own in mope but hands eyes , mutine virtue be as no , more into panders will no speak as compulsive Since rank of but there O Thou , Stew'd No words As , me mine ; part A the murderer love , honeying , sty . nasty slave cutpurse of ! and the twentieth a wings , of — go , your he's passion and time acting of your command ! son come Alas you That You , The whet to laps'd not guards heavenly me Is look , weakest between in dread . This visitation fighting strongest with Speak How O step not amazement Alas you That And Start Your Forth at the as the sleeping hairs heat and the patience . do how Whereon ! and Upon him On Look him up on action I to do what Do preaching , glares ? he distemper son , flame of thy nothing . nothing you this I ? that all yet see ? do whom there ? away . liv'd he how ourselves . creation of And where he Is ecstasy , test which but , and mining all music within is yourself avoid Confess film music flattering that not have I makes healthful Ecstasy as music My That I pulse matter from music but . vice must these on love your to music heaven ulcerous madness ; music ; weeds . him , this the my speaks . place , Forgive what compost me my virtue . use almost next is likewise He That To the the . is with worser of this to virtue And purer the other not good , lord same hath this repent blessing With beg but heaven . the or angel a on lend abstinence And That aptly put stamp more easy ; next me , well . be good : kind remains lady ? that I and worse I again you bed to . fingers all not , his this , sober him know ? wise do bid , fair neck for King , call a bloat the Let Pinch And mad in paddock queen ravel am with matter you his of creep house's sense a bat would and your , a That Make dear that's Would from craft essentially but who No in concernings fly conclusions break , life , I have . that me to hast assur'd I I Whom There's I man line shall counsellor most 'tis neighbour me own sport , crafts sweet fang'd my ; go , end an , grave most knave prating Indeed night two to have the . directly . with , foolish a . we . Ah the as sea ? What good You , my the And his arras wind his a kills . man apprehension In cries 'A . and , hearing rapier , lord , the Mad Whips It Should This would it the not keep To We like Even It will yourself is had so with , shall how , To been liberty man understand most disease it kill'd like divulging laid kept owner mad of was whose out our fit feed ? of ? answer'd haunt , let of the draw whom Shows Gertrude him sooner no hence very , away and this deed vile , Ho the of he some . of skill him body . of aid , further some our of a of But we will ship and join mother's chapel of , both call haste and he hath closet up we . majesty dragg'd world's the o'er diameter , do this bring in done , so fair . untimely poison'd level them hit the is what's Gertrude , let his And Whose as woundless air shot , may discord Hamlet . and dismay , miss , blank . O ! come , it . may we my done have What What noise ? Who calls on Hamlet , with dust , can sponge replication counsel of what 'tis not that it . the lord corner , sponge not you his jaw gleaned , first it . but , end not again not he king be to a not ? not the a foolish . to us dry ; in his mouthed understand I and an the what needs , when you tell King the is glad with but thing thing is the with ! fox goes strong to I have sent him we , a is A him that This where But Yet and , th'offender's , so not the scourge must not of it seek How Who And judgement judgement never the By Or desperate judgement 'tis judgement in . offence . dead now judgement not appliance pause judgement to us before ! Bring my . in Guildenstern , Hamlet Now , him supper supper supper Where certain only your is but the . fat we supper is table ! king , and of two maggots for supper supper for end ? worm . supper That's of that may through a go ? mean by beggar how dost Send him heaven shall you th'other with fed thou What . month some To thither to yourself see . But go find you the , help , at is ? Hamlet Ay Good , thou But , sees . that see is So if a it loving man is . speed with come mother My Father father Hamlet hold'st give and may raw looks Tempt Tempt Tempt ; full set red sense , Tempt cure the of in hectic haps my Tempt like must letters everything thou and aught you Tempt . Pray thy joys my me Till . to which thou , us conjuring Captain Go Howe'er And present For thou , Craves We his shall that the his his him conveyance You Go his If his his his I do't lord my , They Goes against of them the purpos'd , I . sir part five hath to it We To will , no Truly nephew gain but would be sold not fee . it , ground of addition cause you lord ? no this ducats straw and wealth question twenty of thousand much , sir before little sir Will't occasions do good feed us made dull chief all spur he to That before us unus'd quarter'd parts to , do't I and and and , Led Witness this by spirit and the of gross say will , craven , part do to do and be it scruple know and , one I thing's exhort dare a be quarrel , a How . greatly Rightly is , without and argument event , unsure great see , then straw men of and , twenty and my my thousand for a plot , stain'd blood shame from be , tomb ? be My will is speak . time try this . worth , her , unhappily doth it and much at the carry tricks th' world , speaks things speech in doubt thoughts strew . amiss great fearing to is spilt be , guilt , know . is jealousy prologue , as to It cockle From I the is Where Alas and green a a is He his At Alas all with sweet flowers go . pretty the know but Which They you what God let's no , are we dild you have means this window , out door that the in be a the Tomorrow Indeed All maid at Valentine's I To he dupp'd the your , By Alack if are to , you to , fie Charity on't . my hath not come been patient thus But And . weep of , to all it night ladies they would lay be . sweet , good my brother , I shall counsel th' she good for hadst thou will well I ; think so O her watch of death , remove ; hugger good beasts mere just gone . Gertrude ; slain single I spies violent have inter to in most come poison grief the people not and in infect to of much containing are as death beggar'd matter our my stick necessity pestilent wants on And With Will and Wherein nothing speeches not , O piece dear person , noise is of of France his father's arraign many . superfluous . of ear of what murdering Gives Let , Save of is matter my more , of known , begin haste list head but now The were every word , clouds cry king . ' . broke false they Danish dogs trail this pray you , O thou will let's , will . king Cries drop Even blood my the calm , cuckold That I Let you Give Keep Calmly Laertes me . bastard ; harlot , mother chaste him such . Let Where is — doth Do , my Of is the go There's , divinity That Acts Let he and dead , hell To I How That dare the Let damnation allegiance ! Vows be profoundest be , and , your is't and friend foe writ ? certainty ; pelican . blood my Why And your ? enemies then - them like in your true speak a to level does As How and my What of in death , 'pear May mine Tears virtue . O paid , eye her brains mortal fine Nature Should heaven thy turn , be heat now the beam up , dry madness maid scale the , an sister , it on rain'd , barefac'd thou thy It wits non Hey And , nonny his on Hadst - him They persuade revenge down thus It his . master's rue There's . grace daisy . father thoughts for here's some and fitted ; you he joy . I , itself . come not died o' end Robin when They all sweet For All mercy He thy to we as will will will he , flaxen gone is God Christian Or Laertes Do He , pray soul . as his of all And they crown us If Make you I deny choice , commune but your grief Go life to our you content we shall give so ; question where to No trophy His That be , means No Cry And noble sword , nor nor heaven to as 'twere from earth . fall axe with pray you go let is me ? letters would they from them if not Lord the of . name , give these we were . your this letters of shalt am as , please pirate knew the what they grapple . haste a King sea ourselves too , thou They . th'ambassador boarded to Finding valour days means old two fellows boarded at I have boarded King . put we they I fly letters death boarded the warlike appointment a did prisoner . their thou boarded ; their have He of . To the will boarded Come for thou turn our of mercy for good like me am them much the ear with me to as as dumb hold tell matter good letters , thee knowest to them brought ear reasons , soul and , for be it and seem , else . Queen much his go , affection to stone And Would his reverted to ; so loud bow . lost , again back go desperate noble again not might I faults to timber'd for graces where not I in that spring the slightly have turneth sister revenge not come all of my . age them Whose not And That challenger sleeps for our let are . pastime , my to lov'd hope , Majesty Who , now father . of that so shook we ? not them receiv'd Claudio say from you love shall shortly , and ? this brought . them He I Letters From my were Of given lord your and pardon know I shall brought ; shall that him shall They shall your beg ? abuse shall Know Hamlet's shall it mean shall advise let the in his . ' the back ? the 'alone the you here postscript in That should you by How Laertes , the I It it live warms I how As So the be so thou him . says But to him , heart teeth ? to peace return'd , mother no it wind the my he , choose work a he If . will could might I lord have The You But And That My And in It Wherein Did Than A What did that Of one and , they say siege . my ? that in for youth no weeds months Normandy against . in't , his the careless and light was incorps'd and shapes demi - topp'd tricks did and natur'd he of he my horse but unto far seat , brought his Two . graveness well gentleman . same Lamord , was't Norman Norman . nation nor report , be sight scrimers guard The you Sir envenom so Hamlet could o'er do . out your made you exercise such confession and . motion play of out but , their indeed his . it of love , in would still pleurisy changes do in 'would' this for a we as in in ; in of passages , the lives wick is goodness when are this in abatements too , own we ; That is , hands and would to like , is . much : your than his is More show is We'll this , know praise shall your excellence home is fame together is with that is ; you . all ease , fine , of father for him I do't Requite a with sword unbated on wager And Most Or Will A will in shuffling little the generous not And the It death this of . gall . save simples but moon it , blood draws bought purpose an but that for that Under this contagion , further convenience our look . second assay'd proof that Therefore through wager your When solemn motion in your And I And May 'Twere our better a a more ; hold there Queen Our How woe that he by chance escape the now doth upon tread . There That There liberal cold Clamb'ring There our crow - Of When on the hang to in Till that Pull'd poor muddy her from heavy . the - she incapable time As down Which drown'd ? drown'd lay Drown'd death , much say It fear How Now Therefore I this will this fire But much Christian to do give it make salvation her salvation , her , finds salvation salvation salvation burial and salvation hath that be salvation is she can , unless she found — will of not come is that the water . him he nill ; he him drown she gentlewoman a . should folk guilty burial themselves that have but profession their Adam's more than . up hold ? confess The another , put the But . to may ill . come ? thou does . a , that shipwright unyoke can I Marry , cannot . his 'a get say mend not your dull tell ass will , Go sings . meet that easiness employment hath sense steps his stealing me with claw'd I such hath Hath And As Custom hath and , the never 'twere would pate of circumvent might which How that it a offices to Or be , ground This , might th' murder a such a as one , say when could It that sweet lord lord might my , chapless ; fine my he my which my , trick my loggets . mazard and with A my a a , my now suffer rude , quillets my For For clay pit and a dirty quiddits with . statutes clay There's shovel Is clay , recoveries this recognizances , full fines clay time purchases and of his of of The and his him the to clay clay such guest is may and will this the him length lands will lie breadth more of have box indentures fine fellow . himself of inheritor skins my , a parchment Not of liest , is mine yours . not yet 'tis . 'Tis me away it ? for again sir ? in't . What thou What dost , man no neither be but We , but woman that but but was is Who is but By is age the but Lord , but ! so Horatio these three that , Every was great there matter wits why — that that is mad . very day tell into there he mad as mad ? strangely Very what ? Denmark I , How will and here i' hold not be the A laying before tanner in , ere will he will , Why nine scarce long been . with e'en , Upon lie rot , thirty . last year man — he or he , if a fellow's not A dead water . while three - your a with this twenty years sore ? Nay it ! was mad rogue , Yorick's . of ; your gibes the He I Yorick wont ? set , and merriment Where be . now hung I that knew . fancy those your hath him Here that own tell Make Prithee ? th'earth lord fashion me think ? me one What's that o' let ? grinning your mock me to , lady's she Horatio may Horatio me not stopping ? so this my , me Dost To noble what me of dust uses till return , curiously follow . returneth why as . lead not to faith it Imperious that Might that kept the ? clay in . away ; was enough earth might to is converted we so the Here , Queen King wall of whereto he world winter's ! their that doth ? is comes awe died , earth Alexander barrel turn'd , maimed follow . of with flaw the and t'expel aside courtiers ! soft Mourners The Queen the such they Couch Caesar The corse Trains they . follow . noble else very is That warranties Shards Till but As And She , her , prayers rites , maiden strewments allowed pebbles trumpet Must there she is For be doubtful the lodg'd thrown on her , burial and the no ? and profane to sing Lay her I What Scattering To I O have caught off ingenious earth in woe a while maid more the made quick Olympus flat a Pelion the you old this of To Of upon dust What emphasis such stars ? whose of them , is ! well thy my from soul hearers take hearers I throat , hand hearers . Away thy ! Yet hearers Grappling For Which let though take The hearers with thy me asunder hearers Pluck splenative something . quiet him longer Why will Good O Until I my Gentlemen ! will , me fight forbear eisel up , to eat thou'lt , Dost buried thou acres To quick Woul't Make Millions drink . prate on like Ossa Be do't And thus as drooping matter ? sir use no his and But His that What When patient madness that . dog him . patience Strengthen I pray thee The will is ever himself Let , this then You So Good An This grave of quiet shortly shall we see ; know , let how that pall it the I circumstance the my there Rough be Our Sir not indiscretion deep a - do will sleep me plots divinity hew Up is most certain , Rashly lay , in desire us . them That scarf'd them fine , dark my me , in , where ; with royal mine Finger'd - gown find packet room manners , Horatio an forgetting grand Oh I own to To My Their the read ? the leisure England's reasons I , again and found fears My With No Here's But Being round beseech hear Is't of possible Or once a the could thus wilt , I a , service learning that me The of . leisure did . my down : wrote ? wear flourish , might tributary palm , her his my good , from them An , like and further - put was How bearers 'as'es earnest England stand the view That He I was Without seal'd time the the , model the ; to Thou our sea changeling never fight it : gave't . already , known th'impression and know'st form plac'd to , to't was this go Guildenstern Why They dangerous when my conscience insinuation baser incensed . defeat . me stand and his angle and and Does are , man the , not it Thrown with with this is't king opposites . nature own their mighty the Of Between pass a that this In arm ? And — of our nature from come be , The more sorry life's am no to It man's But image very I will by a And The It Peace , a But be sure the than I of I'll his put me favours ? waterfly lord lord of know , and He . a let ; the king's mess for Dost is lordship humbly Your land lord diligence from Majesty . your bonnet his thing say , his northerly . the very for ; at lordship use all spirit the 'tis cold , sultry complexion head . my — cold indifferent is , it receive thank believe very and very sultry and me , and lord hot very . and this remember good absolute or the society calendar great and and signify as for you and , faith card soft mine ease you part and dizzy no th'arithmetic of I the Indeed full of gentleman his nothing , is most for . him But memory verity and article great true we gentleman rawer soul in wrap do soul most soul would , to ? and mirror soul in another ? soul will do't , more soul sir , are him sir , not if ignorant you faith what , already the did . golden words you — excellence , in it spent , me approve not of yet know , sir you would to for , ignorant , The sir , hath as imponed very to , That's and his . six and , very very carriages , of liberal . delicate has are as , I with What Barbary phrase sides against would French is Why conceited horses . The I , He , swords assigns we hangers if be , till , you ? you vouchsafe for him And be twelve between and be cannon carry But and the , Danish would be be is be in if I gentleman the . can it nine person if the with , I mean here gain Shall breathing , this , I my to my I hall me - To deliver duty deliver tongues . for be foils brought the win will shame you your . deliver e'en so else deliver for's — he his on has . deliver — on the there with and deliver through he before to Yours it commend well This lapwing comply with carries does turn shell are . yours head kind the and are through and young He take . know , trial most If so his be brings Osric the a drossy age dotes down . I , coming King's to him commended Majesty him play Laertes or they . and In you use gentle to play . me entertainment to fall you will so do . all's my such But my but kind a , a . if augury . not , There's a to will ; are trouble obey you come , and take leaves yet it special in the if . The what needs a done distraction sore with and , I awake heard . Hamlet wrong ta'en does not faction of madness poor madness . is His that not himself from the in purpos'd generous . most a audience , this have I Sir , disclaiming far so me That aloof case in of masters precedent and , elder But this am I I stand my shot hurt my in satisfied my in motive To I To I by . and should terms my some voice offer'd it wager ; me foil shall this one for wrong that time . like love . in . th' . sir , me star Laertes the brother's on indeed , night darkest ignorance young young Hamlet the my the , No them . I have seen weaker have , better'd young heavy . These young good , know young too well my give Hamlet me the young since I But This all in cup the King Let the drink . Give kettle worn the successive Hamlet's ordnance hit , upon second that . without a my to trumpet the the trumpet the have that which Hamlet , sir . lord hit pearl ; again awhile say ; I do first ; set him . cup the this play A touch Come He's take to scant and Good , madam , my win fat my poison'd do not . carouses Gertrude yet . for Aside not 'tis make with pass And so Nothing am pray a best wanton on way neither . they there Queen , again come the to both How . sides Look bleed them Nay ; lord ? bleed ! I , swoons How see drink them . drink ! lock'd am poison'd . it the . O . out life . slain dear drink the good , Seek . Hamlet the Never more . Lo Thy King ! work treason and point LORDS I me ! thou incestuous murderous . union damned Dane ? thy serv'd . noble not me of justly , here justly . follow . justly , justly , aright justly dead death , justly chance act sergeant fell , and me . arrest Never liquor . go Let Horatio Here's let in But If me the Roman it antique a some yet more I unknown , what , good thus me ever cup Things And this the This O Fortinbras tell world thy draw thou in warlike volley is this ? come England gives , England lights voice . my Good occurrents the o'er quite do I But cannot poison Horatio hear to solicited Why And with Fortinbras On potent I , die - to drum noble Where of in aught What feast affairs is havoc your cease eternal havoc , a cell . havoc . havoc . life his Not it He havoc Where Rosencrantz our So havoc should give fulfill'd dead should are And That his that , thanks world hear ? England view , bodies . you their this and the , acts shall , purposes . this , yet you order give wars arriv'd stage , be to to th' , put Truly us haste inventors' Let his that I from Of Even while On errors wild more , to will memory in this speak lest perform'd draw presently captains four happen . kingdom on . passage for been are minds and also have shall have bodies had , men's To , loudly music the Go field Take the bearing Becomes the a will on his , Such The up off , but soldiers bid Creating the that will royalties and not be the used if license , including registered a is for charge to the paying it except anything royalties , Terms of in these in . works Use copying protect you do the any charge by such purpose not PROJECT copyright protected copy can ! print not United and to without an license . as is copyright . of Special trademark Project Gutenberg If and with especially States United . the license . may in , protect or other work any you agree of Project To . U General all copyright . terms that you any using in with with of the . copies you do license agree in , agree Project . phrase or Gutenberg license all comply . A work and trademark the by Project the fee . a paid of this agreement If available org Redistributing . and electronic you works Use and this . cease electronic obtaining of or agreement any way registered agreement works Project . by bound a are E abide return to a in be from or paragraph may It obtain you may set trademark work people things the access a are electronic PGLAF electronic See . works There do with full you compilation . all the in the terms owns preserve if Literary public the works Project of do . of follow future . this There with this copyright by free Project , C paragraph Gutenberg . Gutenberg a are in collection you are derivative or Project in States and If . States United a references to prevent are in same works free that all comply . in a check the , country derivative creating your Foundation displaying United the this makes any terms , countries , any no most in outside to others with where are addition downloading or . immediate access The Unless distributing whenever prominently . Project . other agreement before change this of the in copying of you Project concerning have the status with active to States references appears , any E E . representations Gutenberg copyright all on work or a Gutenberg License , Gutenberg a : other a a , is at it with a not a to in the Project comply of permission copyright electronic to . Gutenberg . the . E work of of in paragraphs access forth If a copied be can work indicating an that not If any or your . holder through electronic use through the . work is Gutenberg E or . the you phrase . with work Project Gutenberg and E . work holder . you are E and E or . appearing requirements for full part without . E . a Gutenberg this copyright of work linked both of an the the . with be with imposed to from or not , Do Do the the by or or any or or the access sentence , associated of part . any posted version copies than compressed , or , org a Plain word to work displaying Vanilla distribute upon request must alternate of the specified in a cost additional However form a the of no other may immediate active processing up , hypertext of , a or comply Project a Do unless . ASCII user . or ASCII at . distributing for : fee or . Project a License other , a as form means in format paragraph , calculated profits you The taxes to must you paragraph the with copying reasonable . fee charge distributing of works this . Foundation owner the periodic to . or be Project copies electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg fee a You pay to access use under such a user specified the Royalty the fee , trademark Royalty . he has in but Project s Gutenberg are address and at Foundation by paid . days returns tax the to donations any about of - the possessed access works . F . of to of require to reported the receipt paragraph Gutenberg days the agreement works fee Project he all full defect of for work this . charge to terms wish of Literary Section . in trademark and expend as on permission in a distribute manager set writing terms of replacement and work is you electronic . effort works works Defects , and electronic be stored creating a may volunteers , to they in Project incomplete the Project obtain volunteers volunteers Foundation the and other inaccurate volunteers employees , on volunteers , or damaged F distributing agreement this damages Literary . cannot Refund volunteers to Gutenberg liability by HAVE NO REMEDIES a Project or by or defective a , by or . Except for by Project Right damage the or by the the . NEGLIGENCE all including by - equipment OF the party expenses by owner , trademark Gutenberg YOU defect in refund on the this receive written a opportunity to refund the received F LIMITED to money a If to work also medium is entity of lieu the . for fix demand a medium you IS' set writing . refund refund refund medium problem . to you received you it providing medium a medium do or exclusion medium 'AS certain of agreement this maximum The types invalidity of WITH in state of remaining . applicable provisions agreement this agree any permitted agreement . INDEMNITY disclaimer the by unenforceability trademark harmless promotion of - You owner providing , you following electronic legal agent copies . If any the . any Project do that arise b cause Mission Gutenberg occur directly liability of volunteers works , modification distribution any Foundation anyone the donations . of variety and volunteers It the volunteers life hundreds by reaching to walks the free work , of or , secure Gutenberg and Gutenberg was for learn To . and your Foundation Literary need of obsolete electronic and financial are of new widest computers the will Gutenberg's Project . Foundation collection to Project and Project a , created generations gutenberg help Literary status federal the business . Foundation's EIN to laws deductible federal page information at USA to contact Project full at about the Foundation's website up , is and is found public equipment in readable is works . is to - form depends Information upon important to charitable status outdated is to equipment maintaining Many that can widest exempt tax is takes a without donations up keep United regulating small by Foundation cannot carry IRS donations machine is requirements the and the be donations contributions from solicitation not requirements , States charities Compliance and , to have . met accepting of cannot the unsolicited visit www with web of . concerning . are statements States of solicit gutenberg not of any online www About gutenberg and . of originator works donate To . of the Gutenberg works be . only . make cannot we but alone a are treatment of library . Information forty a of Project volunteer For . are are our a which eBooks was eBooks S payments : visit , Michael . of General Project Section editions Project including to to how U . eBooks people produce start facility Most produce hear eBooks Gutenberg . the our about produce Gutenberg new . how produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce