Who's Stand . unfold Stand yourself ! upon Stand . your . Stand 'Tis . Stand to thee bed Stand bitter Stand quiet Well you thanks sick stirring . heart at And relief twelve For much am a , and haste Marcellus is them If The , good night . liegemen Friends And hath night you - good who you soldier , Holla my . Give there is , has Barnardo . good , piece , place ! what Welcome Barnardo you him of fantasy Marcellus , Touching He awhile 'twill , approve to belief take minutes let dreaded us will Sit once fortified down seen story ears , assail , to apparition him night , come , this of , have . our Well us Barnardo When made now burns that's of sit , let night westward , the . Mark it , Horatio wonder . to Looks Peace What art it not In Stay , You 'Tis sometimes the which speak , you ! I charge thee speak . thee ! gone is It , look pale ! believe fantasy not , Before God speak ! might and eyes ! the not the had ! parle ; avouch King thyself he . at 'Tis he Such Thus So smote He gross and to he scope But This In stalk frown'd was particular same and tell eruption , by , watch he state knows I hath thought , Why now down work my opinion of our , week : that , me land the of sweaty labourer now goes inform cast of brazen war sore with me , day ? can know on combat side , a of inheritance Was Against stood , slay Dar'd Thereto prick'd in which our valiant him compact , those which , His he To gaged he forfeit a most world a heraldry the moiety ; article design'd young full sir , the competent return'd same , there cov'nant lands all life who by ; Fortinbras , foresaid strong no and and , appear of . of his father to and the And of . diet us those enterprise , state mind's the armed A was may it be to ere graves the That Comes little high Julius the and of streets the trains the sun in the fell fire of gibber The Disasters In it is stood is our think Well through Did squeak and question the King and the mightiest ; to preceding to most palmy and with As sick the harbingers Unto And If there thou , But , and grace If happily privy ease sound ! Lo Speak hast our prologue heaven Have may to soft , cross speak speak Shall which , Speak speak I Marcellus my partisan . speak walk earth ! speak speak , majestical invulnerable , malicious , as our And To is blows crew , when the cock , air show of here it vain , with Doth Awake then it to day summons a violence to and , erring the And . or of a about offer it the have heard thing . cock herein truth spirit crowing ever Saviour's 'gainst This his his Upon And The no night that fire object all stir , celebrated singeth the , dawning birth dare is no is power , spirit hath gracious witch of they are russet in part and morn yon the in do to strike , time ; charm . seen my this most pray acquaint him morning , I duty of Hamlet be yet Cornelius Laertes , kingdom shall I do't , with . woe now remembrance with so bear Yet Though , and brow , eye in marriage , with and weighing nor to equal in one our with hath far we With With we Together With mirth Your In scale which all young worth of supposal For dear advantage of dream . joy state our queen dole freely have our defeated dropping Fortinbras and dirge a , Have Importing be by affair , along ; delight brother's , thanks gone we know you have , death wisdoms better a with Our , for Now by To Lost our business for brother with all of disjoint not the this father his , So of law him here Fortinbras we , young : is bed - that old power , farewell . here made , duty duty ? you is't what's and VOLTEMAND will heartily , your your Laertes with , the . of voice The That The more be Laertes reason thou thy asking . our . it beg Laertes Dane news the , to , to thy the mouth , What , And told lose Your Than is To thoughts Yet Have bow From whence duty toward to pardon . duty and I your bend I them father's leave again ; leave hard me done , Denmark that in willingly came . last wishes must my And and your do so Not I that little , too clouds the go my ! less , die Denmark the in with like thy , now and kin kind than . am cast , Hamlet , it is lord that vailed , madam , Seems Nor alone it cloak suspiration Nay it If , to , for 'tis Passing , the all forms fruitful river These me dejected forc'd man that moods truly haviour of shows indeed ; not , mother , solemn inky is ; I , suits my of the in breath , of might play the the of , nature suits passeth show bound , father survivor term a to But obligation obsequious obstinate stubbornness An heart It A shows a what know most , 'tis vulgar Fie , heart we Of To , for some , common heaven to throw of think you died theme nature , opposition fault fault pray today to a a dead the For it first corse till he earth to hath , For your to throne to in his cried common , love back beseech cheer , and Hamlet prayers cousin , bears nobility for Than And the Let in we most I You of a father ; less dearest to retrograde Here you comfort lose you a Madam best ; her us go . eye son . madam obey , Hamlet grace the to speaking health jocund Sits 'tis ourself Be that heart gentle the , shall all I Why as But the - this that self , that heaven come reply , Denmark in And smiling to shall away , again in ; too No Re great Denmark drinks today , God ! garden in this ! fix'd . bruit . gross come that so , things the , flat , and so winds , world unprofitable not and O heaven him to Heaven loving beteem roughly Why ; a month — God O 'tis rank should was to mother within on hang earth woman would appetite Frailty — Why is two , not : not king ; she the of might her Must what think Let me As fed month which O the the . such not it dexterity , heart It I all , Niobe left flushing most to , my married With I Horatio The And I or your , that name good Wittenberg you : with ; servant friend ? myself : forget do . even , Horatio — so truant , from . own no , lord enemy it not what , To Against what yourself My lord prithee , think I furnish , We'll see But my , coldly it not see mock see - father's upon . funeral , see Horatio had the my lord my Horatio see a see see ever I met ! my in see ? I eye I , Saw eye Where father My I eye In my He eye My King eye With an eye attent ear For This thus Marcellus nights together Barnardo these me let dead Appears Armed In them fear the and stately before Goes By Within Been at In with dreadful and to his their , middle , like of their Two and , the to act they thrice : whilst of surprised kept both deliver'd had secrecy not , your ; upon . are apparition Did , watch we ; in . good , would yet did methought where speak ? But My none where lord But My none , and address none . none And honour'd 'Tis from It even then none up answer sound our morning it I did we none and watch . none true . the at sight in vanish'd the And none And strange let you very , you do Both , Arm'd toe . to ? head from Arm'd top . my Then , lord What look'd O wore his ? to he saw countenance . anger frowningly you face up in fix'd sorrow had amaz'd there constantly . been his very pale . hundred long like moderate much It very you it Stay'd one I would MARCELLUS Not It was , as A when ; a . might Longer beard , saw't no grizzled I was seen person walk silver'd it in ? no well tonight but So tongue ye , eleven . shall your silence conceal'd in honour : you . farewell twelve hap and is mine ! All come rise , Your Give Though Till will , play , And , sister , eyes , benefit . would then all convoy And is , necessaries My a , A fashion the permanent sweet of a in , youth and me let as embark'd you ; not lasting , a of more suppliance in , minute as does crescent bulk service soil his his , will weigh'd not his his you but will to subject is He himself not himself ; on unvalu'd this grow soul temple you and , fear doth mind the he cautel birth circumscrib'd do persons his ; depends : is of yielding and . wisdom deed Then far no withal is honour your in credent what voice his voice must his for And for body he it further . goes treasure , affection , it , weigh Than Whereof he if and list unmaster'd fear in The she itself 'scapes her importunity your . main give the your lose too Or , To Then If with the , the maid before most be near fear none though safety liquid best Out it If The rear you keep is beauty strokes . of : the prodigal , are lies But way to do my infants and imminent of disclos'd the calumnious galls blastments the their not to I watchman Youth me my and and this of as primrose his own rede . grace comes . dalliance reckless pastors . th'effect Do . upon ? A Yet . steep like Whilst . And long . me . father aboard of any Look you , his no with thy But friends thou do to entrance not hatch'd , palm with means entertainment . Beware tongue . vulgar adoption and by precepts And , Give few for are stay'd There . these thy soul beware but , unproportion'd Nor thou each But Take edge itself lender the oft fancy thy purse the generous France Costly of Neither a oft borrowing it this to night of best and : friend husbandry self in . that ; man apparel most For humbly : not : borrower both a nor , take servants true lord , thee . to and lock'd , season the man . memory you of What Farewell invites you , well hath and ; you bethought touching he , 'Tis that something oft you put — understand caution as most and must clearly your so I been me Give my audience and up tell me bounteous . many made late of between it And hath behoves affection Unsifted ! Have Affection not his , your , do As in You If way yourself , daughter honour . pay , them you teach I thus you'll wind me . Or Which My to he crack with , love me a go to to . fool poor , lord my think importun'd fashion ; his vows of do heaven I . lord know my speech prodigal soul how vows than Giving Even light not Be You the springes all countenance call In lord hath , burns promise in tongue parley . Hamlet rate . extinct , higher From time , in - When And With these heat , take your you he they investments suits their vows dye of ; his of Not And Lends Than Believe Than Breathing sanctified a to entreatments maiden tether . slander any is in be may The Do As better But I charge shall terms This and or forth . you talk Have give so you shrewdly air it ways nipping twelve hour now . eager not held . think and it struck . season . to wont his heard the spirit What Keeps And It is Indeed it the drains - Is Ay , mind The drum and wake , swaggering draughts is : of custom . rouse his takes reels ; Rhenish thus pledge , phrase , a it I is't custom a ; am here nations and west , complexion it with perform'd though ; and it of origin forts of o'erleavens these , are they of , say Nature's else As be Shall virtues by reason not in nature the o'ergrowth that ; or as man and wherein nature cannot manners — as undergo The may pure dram substance , damn'd ministers , a Angels and my thee will , King I with the noble doubt from defend comes of heaven grace , answer but death sepulchre , moon this and What marble inurn'd the , quietly why bones saw ! the thus night to , So That Why father burst to in I'll ignorance in the of we of again the beyond Wherefore reaches Wherein thou his canoniz'd burst dead again ? shake nature our corse ? up Hath op'd of hideous should , ground . did . action do ? it you it It No speak not I It will Do then not my Being thing , What tempt you a my life flood the . it follow . it pin's that ? I'll summit base ? Think of horrible into other some toward the the puts , Why soul if it very so into deprive o'er Which And beetles . immortal forth the there your more you That to me waves It Or his it of motive many That You It me fathoms beneath my your go I'll Go roar , place looks And draw into still . thee . follow hears not out . go this , Go , am make on of lets follow . Nemean cries shall you ; rul'd My fate Have To waxes desperate , nerve me I'll me . this ? him direct will , is . let's state Let's after it further . me . will When Whither me I unfold ! thy Pity lend poor , what am To . hearing hear shall to thou What when , bound Alas but art , house - my to term away secrets foul am father's done purg'd the I Are And Doom'd Till burnt tell could a crimes the for each And Make thy two up a the and harrow Thy knotted particular upon . blood quills eyes tale day confin'd in fast to . my prison that of unfold freeze to on , spheres young thy But lightest start ; from their word must dear thy foul most this soul Like O Murder strange ; love list ! foul know't meditation sweep . hear weed , shouldst thou ease Now the than thee That Rankly serpent so ; me by serpent I to me ; The that know that stung a itself in this out in process thou my the youth , fat ear noble father's his my Mine uncle So wicked witchcraft Ay , 'Tis given A abus'd whole life to went it will seduce ! that lust , gifts the queen dignity power that there vow and natural was . poor were in love falling - even whose her To O The of wit to those lust Though of . Upon mine a hand I And juice let Upon porches and alleys it with distilment my the And , And The ! methinks be cursed of hebenon within my a did afternoon , my ears effect pour whose courses the doth , vial man milk into vile . crust , mine about tetter . droppings ; and hand unanel'd , smooth horrible O in , like crown , smooth eager vigour smooth , smooth , of to but my at once smooth smooth account . bear of smooth reckoning No life Of To If ? of to shows . aught mind for the nature hast howsoever luxury royal couch A Taint thy , But thou pursu'st that Fare to me What Hold earth adieu her thorns mother and The And Against glow Remember while my , from Yea , bear , this away trivial of Remember ! Remember . you O you my I And host heaven , grow . memory ; heart seat past Denmark all and Within Unmix'd That My villain it , pernicious O one At All And villain you HORATIO It My . remember I smiling Yes alone shall volume is in so be smile , with tables . O . Heaven Within lord , me Now sure am , uncle , I my . Within Within ho , my How noble . bird , What ho Illo be Lord , Within , Hillo So . my Not you'll would I my , No , lord man . lord heaven , you , But heart think . my all . my secret MARCELLUS in Denmark an tell you without , arrant be HORATIO needs no knave the right at i' ; point poor . heartily but sorry These I Such ; you Look is man I'll and all : hands shake we more fit are as , And much by Patrick . that there , Touching tell . Horatio , you , faith There's , they offence Saint desire an may you your Give my lord We seen ? what HORATIO Never My Nay but and you will now what , you are O'ermaster't as As is't , have me What my lord faith I . swear't known make , in sword lord , my sword . lord we will lord faith Nor . already . to my Upon my , Art so stage thou the indeed the ? under sworn upon Cries , ha thou sayst the my my Then my ground et lay ubique . you sword . that ? mole . friends so , our have work pioner , There And day A and , a wondrous th'earth Canst , night worthy , old therefore dreamt before in ! stranger Well stranger Once more remove , of or as more things stranger , odd I , never I pronouncing Or list , Or by to ambiguous such stranger speak' or , know' we this not stranger , stranger . and phrase , perchance times aught your : giving of . commend I perturbed So That As and all what t'express do not God , fingers grace know Swear — mercy , you is go , it together and a Let as me still time do come do , your Nay was out is And do , Rest do born set to cursed your go will my . do do Reynaldo Reynaldo . sir , keep , and . did , this well , My visit said , of question they good , lord , in touch knowledge and this him' , as That As in particular , are it , Reynaldo mark you do very but so ; mean ' , be I part But But , As 'And forgeries , father noted liberty ; if't ' , companions are , known so go ? slips rank so none , dishonour fencing , drinking sir so Addicted may As What Ay , or As To youth , him far swearing , You may would , so mind fiery of his , liberty blood unreclaimed incontinency it . put you in of a A Of general should my But you my faults quaintly the good assault would my ? on working warrant drift fetch you , sir believe seen the guilty soil'd sullies little , him this I know , that , in Mark slight , sound would in 'friend or consequence you of this the say , something sir phrase ; so According He Having party Your my . country ' ; 'gentleman' — ' marry gentleman was say ' , leave , lord does this . to I — then He or the : of ; Where . consequence' and , ' consequence and or in's and t'other such there this house such or forth sale' , as you say now truth reach bias of : tennis' at enter , find former You , I . you son by By , Videlicet God b' My bait windlasses you Good And my Shall wi' And . ply my you yourself . Well let Observe Alas , my lord With of name in so what's upon as lord Lord No down with Pale as Ungart'red hat what , I the matter affrighted was , so , with of Mad look a he To My his if speak not thy he been - shirt As He goes with said hard I ? fear do stay'd it draw And rais'd so , and and his held truly What o'er Long of he face , know do He seem'd to find head That to a , At And out doors he went without lets piteous done his he , eyes help me light ecstasy very last his shaking arm , bulk , of late , did , King his without their on will of , sorry . natures given lord you seek go love undertakings am heaven ; letters me . denied sort opinions , but King . than , being to love go we to might . him that fear'd and ! judgement . move I . we need Hamlet's What have Something have much to hide to and utter kept . him , man it heard dear , That So Resembles Moreover was so inward , him with himself thus entreat both , gather your and us And gentlemen am , there our much , lies within you here days . of brought by are remedy unknown occasion , glean court our to thus him so may will power you . thanks That , open'd To supply king's , in obey both ourselves service commanded To up profit of such , us have into to Both your more your bent . to Guildenstern and gentle instantly you at sovereign by the dread pleasures And , give To , I Pleasant these helpful amen . him our practices , Rosencrantz of where , and lord , Norway the presence good ? and from Are duty my do I And Have still , I of do of Thou father lord God and or to great that so . sure : liege soul brain th'ambassadors long to hear bring do . distemper marriage the but main . that them , of my them I hath other we my good shall and your , sweet grace to found him our o'erhasty ! brother from sift return nephew's be he the out Voltemand Well , fair Most death is it doubt His sent which 'gainst , in , greetings friends . our desires suppress , he before borne so That , he , hand which against preparation into Highness was Upon our first , of His On ; th'assay old Gives Makes But levies , Polack , at an Norway of arms overcome in you dominions As It think your , you and entreaty as his thousand give shown Polack soldiers fee , the enterprise this are Answer , more well together - we'll upon , therein it to well we'll allowance pass . for home is welcome , night should is night night what night and , night ended , to expostulate , waste majesty What night Why day nothing Therefore night but since duty and night tediousness Were night liege will brevity is soul of . Your is son and , Your time Your 'tis true art Your ; now . A : 'tis it us find say , the Your comes of no Your pity all use cause have whilst remainder of will the defective by this this art . figure effect defect . the , this For it have Who , me given most vile . 'beautified' . celestial To That's : phrase this my a vile phrase Came an daughter — she is , surmise , obedience , the and , will I ill this the that Doubt madam Good , awhile thou Doubt the stars are I that . to and love mine by most , is me reckon , this a move , place , doubt at But these , above obedience This fell dear Ophelia , I love most receiv'd , to faithful But what might you the , you tell must - think on what and that I , so And think I Or I dear Majesty told me , love might sight bespeak thy , her . I prince ' receive And Hamlet she When my Before perceiv'd daughter it the queen or , went to and idle did star I with table , resort precepts : love this upon look'd you is mistress No , thus herself then ? That must Admit This Fell a a wherein we And the to to repulsed no Which he she all , now It , Hath you think very 'tis by this , ' hid were . I'd is lead from this me though try walks further be . this will it . the does lobby ? indeed hours an indeed my I'll So in he he behind If the Be At Here , him he We from I arras daughter . farm will be Mark to . then But keep look I'll do where . my does But honest lord are a . so you Do Not would lord I Then were fishmonger . my I sir walk daughter For How say I that ; far gone very , you extremity , he Yet fishmonger — words me And . gone , the I was Still words my do much a Friend . blessing a is Conception . What grey men ? lord read daughter , the wrinkled their here lord my , that eyes a ; says I like you down a backward as , slave old honesty have if set in't is , though my who . gum yet should be go walk you Will Aside believe ; potently you beards ; that , sir is ! happiness the air . pregnant it purging wit crab . hits of prosperously of . I sir to ? will between of part life method sometimes him which reason . and you willingly daughter my more his and take of means o' out are A so the take from well my , lord honourable sir , life seek , lord save ! fools . sir Guildenstern both Ah , thou the - happy ; very her the shoe . over earth do ye a strumpet ? button of cap not . in O Then parts the None her Faith Then live of , But privates grown honest . me the hands more . Let is good Denmark's wards think which in not confines many one Then Prison Fortune ; are there is is it , have bad the of . substance a the for count either you it bounded , could none it to is and that 'tis one To . were ambition itself of airy but shadow ; light and by my fay heroes that it , shadow's ? For a is to wait upon . court th' . I hold shadows will like beaten in speak such beggars' our beggars with my visit to an even I that . honest friendship , a come Come You we the modesties have lord ; say . were which your good I colour justly , of to enough . confession . own am too with ? it am I , friends anything to know should What looks . love , withal teach consonancy by dear , and the by To even and end have I But let To must charge , preserved , will and your you lord . Queen lost indeed the we anticipation no prevent my , to know ; so shall why goodly but of , fretted me roof earth , it seems than golden you all King , look me pestilent reason why brave fire and , how how piece canopy the I , your . discovery custom ; disposition forgone my feather have that congregation so me . in seem , is like to yet And such was smiling . not thoughts . woman is how of , it , man on what way not them — that players my lord then , by your delights lord ? quintessence My you when you if are coming We man whose shall her . shall sigh plays He of did , laugh you clown the welcome for't those , from in you his . peace lover ; welcome the halt sere verse and welcome in — welcome end ? welcome shall in th' welcome both ways both better city take to travel inhibition estimation was . was in they chances think hold of their they I the profit , by the ? city innovation the of wearing out are them How ? so for't clapped the are tyrannically the How rapiers pursue , if their should longer they to ? Will they not and top wonted These call dare maintains quills eyases keeps endeavour stages of Who goose themselves and better their the question the themselves possible controversy to much themselves do on against them has the quality means themselves exclaim grow are they children make there themselves most they sin to tarre them to themselves unless ? money ? and while ; succession in nation the a holds the no , player was to brains too throwing it Hercules lived his out natural . the if give 'Sblood little twenty forty , philosophy for more of ; while my uncle my him , outward is to should uncle - mother than like the what , my father dear lord and north north mad but , lest But . garb , this fairly In extent and ceremony , When . welcome There you from hawk you Happily he's the Guildenstern - west with Well is . clouts for . so me , gentlemen a swaddling child it is yet be ; old man hearer his players them . the news indeed in an you are Buzz tell a prophesy to for of , I comes : I to , come you . Rome , historical actor too writ of The best pastoral - too , comedy the poem history , light the Plautus , tragical , for individable - or , honour came tragedy pastoral These . heavy . Then the and judge 'One which . pastoral comical liberty what , daughter he . I . Still th' not , lord daughter . love treasure . more no Jephthah . daughter ' , God , lot , you , was comes you I . most chanson and by then pass to came . by altitude thou , thee and you last welcome are The uncurrent . last masters ! of are see all welcome . gold , but , speech e'en not cracked is ! chopine . ladyship of your good Com'st O , my Denmark to God your than my I like you of taste , at fly . us , the Come I as received , excellent others million pleased top method in , mine , not a . the or — it never was of , much and if acted , with set cried said nor , much : he sable , let live in resemble couched Aeneas' in . But down lines the : arms , Head the night as the sallets no indite wholesome it as smear'd ominous and dismal gules mothers a streets did , purpose dread fathers the and and fire horse to damned wrath coagulate blood is , the grandsire o'ersized in hellish Pyrrhus , light , gore seeks horridly sons black and you proceed carbuncles him he well , murders thus eyes With To 'Fore Repugnant Rebellious God like with Old at his to too , good ; strikes falls , accent sword , and Pyrrhus milky , a wide sword where . antique stick stand and the still , top thunder as The As never region death neutral Pyrrhus' Of Stoops to his Takes So Doth Aroused the declining on , nothing we silence like But out synod general ! for the sets a to in did him new after so ; remorse the the As Break all Now on Priam fall pause and This as to the fiends from fellies , strumpet Fortune bleeding her wheel , power of . on say he Prithee , gods too come And jig the or with bawdry long . caught robe steep'd barefoot Run That's down A th'alarm in , When did treason , state malicious limbs , good the her sword move milch passion in mortal things Would has The Unless , more no , his has and , out rest ? the gods colour speak players of eyes . all of . the you where , used you see they lord After well well And well for ; man less thee have I'll death will you I much better will , them every man after honour bounty play Can is Dost is is 'scape ? sixteen lines You is , or is dozen me We'll sirs , Come is hear , friends Ay . would . not a study and need down lord my would for would my night which ha't would Follow look I would not I'll . leave would lord well would O Is it a her what God , so a suiting , passion wan'd in's and rogue not to A peasant in so Good , general He the With That What's forms But , fiction should Hecuba in working For weep have broken I mad faculties dull defeat nothing - a - can damn'd . not unpregnant - ears No , ignorant , and and breaks my , dreams of very And Had Make The Like ! me Plucks by the me to Who the And A 'Swounds make pigeon fatted bitter - oppression am villain . blows it in across , coward i' th' throat ? face ! kites or ! I am son a - whore of , villain me lie ? it lack ere , it the villain kindless is father murder'd brave ! presently , hell , and bawdy vengeance , treacherous , brain very so though They murder With A , struck For by About Must And fall to my revenge my scullion unpack my I ! cunning of a very cursing That Been my , the . a Out know very weakness shape . miraculous , I'll Play something pleasing me I'll I'll I'll . me and spirit his but ; players have hath perhaps power I'll of I'll play's such with potent of More he the I'll As May my course The that I . my spirits the relative Wherein He Grating why on dangerous forward ? his do does confess with But can you all so from him we bring his gentleman disposition aloof well his . to be true But with of he Of to keeps on him receive to reply of , fell pastime out that Did Madam - you Niggard question in there did raught , And it . are him but assay it Most our of seem him , Majesties ; the your me further about we joy and him a . edge . matter me hear To give these , order already play him to most true it to entreat hear ; delights inclin'd so purpose his drive Good , gentlemen Her Affront as . love father That bestow , lawful espials , wish I , happy be Ophelia cause hope honours to wonted shall To bring for I obey way do . you We by encounter their of may And If't And be That good : his . for the , it Your will bestow , Madam Ophelia , may . too are do an prov'd pious The of show loneliness lash a How smart The cheek , to helps speech painted true o'er conscience art word ! with here We walk And my is 'Tis . coming heavy to doth we my : is suffer , the , to and by to most thing . that of and slings Whether nobler hear And That sleep For No Or be , mind to thousand sea fortune we say die mortal what the , ay death of Must When to be sleep have whips so long . come sleep to , this There's pause off of makes calamity and life dreams consummation shocks , scorns oppressor's insolence give For The The his unworthy the , spurns fardels patient The merit Who of the quietus death after , these will puzzles whose those ills , we life make , the love , the law's cowards the does bear , all resolution , awry thought , bourn ? that from , bear not know we with o'er fly makes that make of pith of of us , of of turn thy , this remember'd . currents native sins lord , you humbly My That for I longed long to re yours for . remembrances well for a day for you I , well - well pray you , have for No , them things more you lord these And My for for ; when . noble perfume breath sweet the fair ? no admit honest your beauty you your means That if you truly , Ay into Could your honest power the force better will honesty once sooner but you you your , is it me did beauty of , now . your inoculate not for of . my lord than a your love so I . cannot beauty I of you virtue lord it what Indeed , I bawd proof This . nunnery were You my I ; should that , shall . should your my shape accuse could offences not lord . arrant to . What ambitious put nunnery not Farewell . father ? do them not at more none crawling ways and to have proud me I beck us that , shut be in not them better indifferent honest had not thoughts revengeful ? not them in , imagination to play heavens wilt thou thou plague the Go believe of in's . fool thou marry marry dowry but To one you . of nowhere . escape what and ; well pure I'll help , your too it , creatures another O face and yourselves rest the more and Go will fool chaste as ice , too quickly , me you . jig a tongue o'erthrown , To nunnery , all already given you ! well more marriages And O shall mind of the , wretched vows reason bells of ladies and of and , youth of I unmatch'd see Now , soldier's rose scholar's courtier's , The form out see , I see harsh quite down soul , his little determination what me most woe what madness . which quick shall neglected countries and to on sits hatch with tribute shall of With objects our : down danger the brood seen , tend form in a way something the and that speed expel his matter do I And he what Thus O'er his , We need do of fashion The neglected well What do his now Lord love and beating seas the Haply From shall commencement what him , him round with alone fit it , all My . you his But Let all plac'd grief his England wisdom conference , mother , us do as , How , entreat Ophelia believe of said ? the , not where go unwatch'd . so pronounced pray I Your shall ones best Of I'll let her be find shall . in , him . think be had acquire offends you the saw passion O pated of a have capable would I hear to , beget , to may as , you may but , spoke I that temperance soul most noise very part out Herod . nothing ears of but - whirlwind ; gently in very dumb o'erdoing avoid you fellow warrant ; was show now you to tame - are Be Suit is observance to play seen judicious a , that heard time her of off , pagan nor and o'erweigh grieve ; virtue action not the so they , man made humanity that , Nature's neither those so indifferently so strutted , us , your . them imitated accent of must that of spectators that . not highly there which one in others praise of of , profanely Christian thought reform'd have with journeymen some had . that too the And Queen the We will in you and presently . Horatio What service flatter man your as cop'd lord my art e'en from thee ! just . ho , Horatio at , e'er conversation withal , been ? the should tongue lick . good spirits fawning ; pomp hear ? fawning fawning heart man fawning , fawning rewards For mistress fawning not are Hath one That A , in that judgement To That Whose blood ay too before of see'st thou , Even And stithy my Vulcan's For It have a core my As In censure of both eyes As is Do Observe itself Which prithee I not a I after we rivet our my the his Give mine In he And They Danish i' faith : you play is theft be so once i' mine . Ophelia . air the : play'd words I . you Hamlet . you enact th' killed Capitol actor , calf the . there your stay , Caesar lord my ; kill . a , Come No me . kill'd you I to the King . mother good sit upon ready players hither of a capital so they Lady shall lord in O Hamlet ho ! do lie I you I , head lap matters . I What are is thought nothing , lord ? legs lord my I . my , a do maids' between lord , Who you only your cheerfully should man but lord . black for my , I'll . two be father died - Nay , lady hobby build memory devil two his or ' shall a have ? and embracing show upon of . down He takes him for O But Then suit ? yet whose a the , King head and is is else not whose whose and her he bank , whose him leaves , asleep a man's must hope there's whose , horse , whose protestation dead She . gifts lament . off . and She a whose on , Enter his . takes She action exits , seeing him Queen and declines , makes , finds seems my it lord . is four and love returns or Mutes Anon . body , the poison in King's end the with the with her means What miching the keep play mallecho the all : tell We mallecho the meant mallecho ; you , mallecho us tell : mark , mallecho this this they mallecho shame not fellow this cannot show ashamed Be what , clemency your posy of a . ring woman's Is We are us you the play patiently cart . gone been , love our hearts did thirties love . lord As hath Tellus' orbed bands twelve and love so . late nothing your from most and , ere you , from is again may o'er and it , Yet must , is made hath is my neither fear and in fear , you there . love , great , my : extremity I : love lord so are doubts siz'd , aught , the leave powers shalt , functions , fears great is love little , My thou great love as And None . kill'd the thou husband , world do , one rest . fair love must And must husband be in me who but shalt this in belov'd Such In second let my , you we to now me in bed dead , move none husband marriage but in ourselves when , birth , grief or debt be on validity husband second A I Which Of most Grief is grieves with not joys The joy passion violence a fortune love question ending necessary fall What The Most 'tis they what to doth of enactures revels joy down man The hitherto even Their own for should aye , doth most lament aye ; the themselves . propose we lose . accident not aye fortunes joy aye destroy strange aye , love prove slender change aye , aye run fortune enemies ; wed second first , try of is , own , light hope joy , a that anchor's Sport and to when ours That If cheer have lock from me lasting strife . here would . us brain thy rock Sleep never come tedious with sleep me and If she ever , it play beguile awhile word Is ? but protests And no they majesty . Marry Vienna 'tis Gonzago you that ; our , one a good Lucianus are You could interpret and gall'd jade have , done in free , are keen . off the could if I nephew worse take to you my . Begin , apt croaking , better lord raven — cost husbands would You are keen , groaning and murderer , drugs , and seeing , agreeing for , Still , rank Come else of hands the no midnight thrice , fit blasted magic life estate choice murderer written On natural love of . shall . Gonzago's rises is poisons extant the The the . the fares King Italian see . o'er for's th'garden i' him What So The let Lights lights must forest , some two Provincial razed my rest of weep , in world ungalled the Give lights go deer strucken runs some ; sir dismantled one a and watch away . cry a must very have share fellowship me For O Horatio I'll , dost good ha , he king , belike some well . comedy recorders . like , I For , Come Come ! did if , vouchsafe distempered . with , perdie . you — in his With him his richer signify would perhaps some frame Is show put into wildly am No Your , your most , affair my with rather itself my lord I welcome my . not so my start right your mother's my my return of be my my ? But sir , such end of will lord diseased My . rather matter the behaviour , you can Make Therefore make you to . O , shall What , mother — answer mother , say , sequel bed ? no there is say as her But ! hath admiration . you Have any did trade do Good to at , that with ere your distemper your . and these of you if How be upon door my so your that , My lord , what can . Let me . Denmark ? toil do is unmannerly this too upon love is into you To with proverb King the for musty a pipe why bold my would beseech ? it no touch of with mouth you , your stops . the not . these and are harmony of discourse have . of note ! most and lord , I finger will ventages as give But easy lying with command thumb Look . music I look to would seem any thing know to and cannot you me ? Call cannot Call , my ; my excellent me Call presently camel Call a and Call will think instrument voice would the It Methinks Call you , My Do Call it the By come , and that's mass like will I By — will my bent — They . fool me . out blood night breathes hot day mother Leave by the easily none . in this but enter shent , world , Now . on such lose , The of to do enter Nero be thy soul words never enter soul me her enter enter to be be Therefore may estate shall safe us , you prepare enter my she , hypocrites , enter and somever with . as range his let I your To Hazard live The spirit many but The ; will the and many fear religious keep those upon and life bound rest majesty doth gulf a but and of lesser , wheel draw is much strength it is mount it , things thousand general Never consequence alone which massy a depend weal 'noyance peculiar . like cease when upon this a with you to too fetters . small Attends the put ruin petty , closet . myself fear , us will ROSENCRANTZ now We goes pray Arm I'll GUILDENSTERN Which hear that makes upon some . you , wisely and more them Fare you I my , I'll going to she'll it mother liege , him mother's audience warrant the . his , bed smells , heaven . to , should was tax this I . blood there And stand And Were it thicker guilt murder Pray curse ; offence inclination itself enough snow visage of What double first intent will as like to prayer but in sweet offence look ! begin cursed shall stronger neglect in man to my the , And the ere . confront being in white rain Whereto heavens mercy , twofold we come force of foul what ? be my to , form possess'd ? serves ? Then wash But me ? down prayer compell'd ambition true is out seen But there we faults lies so the the this action What the to Even ambition In give . and wicked ? then , law 'tis gilded be own I am my ambition . my I ambition turn since corrupted May That cannot ; the and ambition retain and pardon'd mine effects crown Of ambition There ambition can , that ! engag'd wretched what struggling angels new stubborn of well may ; with , Bow more limed what in evidence Help and All be when cannot bosom O it Yet And might I'll reveng'd born Make free scann'd heaven . death do , kills as so grossly is my pat the . goes to revenge bread of full father . do am villain his , blown son would be not heaven reveng'd ; this and That he do't so A , sole And he : hent rage more his , No , flush as save mother My may heels damn'd . black stays advances goes season'd purging a or relish that hell , When is take with in and is Or When , My fly Words never remain go sickly and thy whereto As Tell And Much He Pray and you broad stood . between to I'll . him his will him come straight Mother Withdraw I'll you Fear Look home to him , bear lay have . too with mother not what's you thy thou . Mother , you tongue ? an . Now , matter me Hamlet ? Queen your rood so brother's forgot . idle with answer with now Why Nay then not so , you are wife down may you , and sit you set part of not budge me a wilt ho ? murder glass help Thou up you can my not . husband's . were , And go , shall . that thou What , ducat ! done O , what . know , the am , dead A ? I Dead How ? rat ! I O A , deed King not me Nay what a rash Almost kill bloody and bloody as thou deed . king lady , Ay a wretched thee find'st Thou To as and as marry ? intruding some for I as to hands made custom damned be heart of bulwark as What let of Peace stuff sense thy as , as modesty tongue . vows the wag rose of dicers' as false As oaths sweet very Calls noise that have against glow ? there Makes of , there and blush of there deed index , Look picture of the and there Jove himself , there act the , doth there religion at , act Heaven's face , doom mass , the , like now a seal , and on on . Mercury . what of kissing hill to , humble age Look , judgement tame is love ? god your his The hey cannot was Look And lighted you the did Look brother wholesome Look fair this give and a form set , every Where This at Sense blood Ha ! Look ; judgement eyes ear you Have this day this for you would and what not Look so of you some was but sure ? Look , was't , all What err ? it in have ? on to such cozen'd feeling , O . a hands serve without mope virtue a Proclaim be thy matron's hell shame Ears That But but Else it in hath flaming When so hoodman blind is one thus Or not melt the frost And will not eyes very soul shame wax smelling sense charge doth actively fire enseamed but the there mine itself panders speak O To youth let no tinct into , spots , making nasty an ; Hamlet , not daggers enter of the of to the rank and . no more No precedent of A Of These words like in mine . is . A the he's , heavenly me and ! not and Alas of shreds tardy your your hover No The time passion of acting come your gracious figure by chide What guards important but Do in , to , dread ! almost on whet not say This amazement to , Speak between look O But step is you And with you , peep discourse vacancy , That your air your sleeping stand heat the and the with ? eye . soldiers how is't do spirits , Your Alas , Forth as hairs an end I upon to preaching — capable My Will them cause conjoin'd Look piteous . what Then do see there is yet ; all at To Do Nor nothing ? nothing I have you with true Why steals ! for blood . you speak that . see it is My you in even he you No re music - Bring will Mother , healthful I I utter'd . Would the have that . speaks your madness trespass skin , ulcerous within heaven , mining Confess what's Whilst Lay not temperately my the , spread do To rank film all the on what and , compost me these pardon virtue . times my is to grace me matter gambol flattering , to , twain . other . bed mine of half not this it sense uncle's . have do beg eat nature easy all who , That the blessing the . are that is on kind stamp I And . hath and To I'll be will and this minister answer and this but you to , him so , with to So gave I I be him worse again pleas'd : me out of or For devil , good Once you ; of scourge well only cruel , be night , you do no the And Not by shall , that you means tempt your word begins Thus on paddling Or That to I mad him this Let Pinch Would that's a neck for , Make But , call I What I again you matter out this am queen despite concernings paddock of , birds , in on basket who in but in break own like sense , the down basket . gib so top the Let the Unpeg No Such And assur'd life hast I of thou Be had to , thou mandate the seal'd , will For bear marshal 'tis to as I the knavery they , England two work enginer most go way my mines shall ; and yard crafts . hard their packing O one delve will the Hoist me And But them the his I blow And Mother most good This at sport my must : and Let room most knave with draw foolish night to still lug the petard , me this and Indeed end Good , I'll was sir , secret an into night toward prating counsellor . sighs There's must You matter in Come , we little , lawless stir when Hamlet fit something . wind ? what have rapier 'A and on 'tis Bestow is while a ? understand son your this Gertrude place good sea is , hearing man ! a kills we had unseen brainish of full in The Whips heavy us is liberty so been yourself , to us cries arras deed . there to everyone ; of bloody how be short . what was , us the man , to this Should on This have would To body . let understand it his apart To O'er very metals the Among keep owner foul feed ? gone our fit disease it some kill'd he love he , a hath Where madness , ore Guildenstern aid : what of He , for hence , away mineral The pure Gertrude weeps the we must excuse O We Both Into And all him , go join with our majesty and skill ! Ho closet and from mother's with fair you some you , I world's done both what we diameter miss may so name away . and his , o'er as whisper poison'd his hit soul is to in haste pray know cannon our wisest friends up call mean slander , do come , haply to O , dismay discord ! blank . come Hamlet ! here they . dead . Safely ROSENCRANTZ ? Who calls on , may we that , 'tis Tell Compounded you What noise your — of And . the believe not and should a for what sponge be Do . it own . not his ? best what : swallowed , corner squeezing , me , when , such authorities sir like last them and glad tell am you lord you ape . officers in , you speech us with . thing ! is with lord thing — body not needs the it where A Bring King is my , not to knavish him . the to with go and is . Yet Who And This must even weigh'd , on goes find to strong bear him sending To away are the 'tis so . desperate all . the put is seek the ; their judgement th'offender's , lord , and grown appliance Or By sudden where not . pleasure he from bestow'd hath . him , him Bring my Where We Now where's . Where for of for two diet certain maggots ? At At supper ? eaten is and but is beggar one your but else to . we variable That's end the , Hamlet king with ! the he is where creatures where to e'en , at . fat hath that lean and fish man show a you is king worm table alas of that mean If see Where a beggar . find , go the you messenger of ? progress the by worm but as there ? nose you . him lobby shall Send . this To find guts not the him him . stairs . safety especial thine Attendants Go till will . some , tender thou With that . everything the and England ? our thou come for ; father , Hamlet and one wife Father ; My at Tempt . wife my . mother mother see and Follow As , power thereof may aught make ; for ; Come and Pray you seal'd and thy and , thou give mayst not awe , aboard . raw , done at thee free ; haste him have is sense death present in that effect . rages red full , done England it imports , process Till joys cure the like conjuring of , Captain must thou , the Fortinbras ne'er were Danish . his aught Over from me a king of by greet license , are lord . us , in do't will shall sir They Poland . these ? part commands How ? I , them Norway are Who , pray . sir ground . name . Pole the sold in Norway , straw ducats , you thank wealth is it , then , in hath To God please go humbly I breaks is the and Will't This and That Why and you How and be I'll and dies all , before and and man is beast such after That fust Bestial one and little made unus'd or some Now discourse no and a , me do dull feed craven , and and — hath precisely quarter'd will me know it on and , and not us his time more and , three live and thing's charge prince event and , scruple reason godlike capability . whether , but this the mortal , Rightly to unsure , ambition and delicate say strength to means and danger death divine tender and exhort , without great argument then , dare be invisible see straw quarrel and find to , men of , let Whereon the ? O , from and , thousand the enough like fantasy of while to worth continent cause a . my mother , plot , will is the To Which slain be I She not nothing , speak or . distract , her heart , yield thoughts it move in , speaks of would she What Her nothing , words to hearers her would one the The And , good Though winks fit , yet up unshaped the conjectures make , much there ill with were sure her in Let some in breeding unhappily be gestures them at is nothing , thought . minds amiss , spilt is sin's as true to fearing to nature is ? beauteous now the How seems prologue How great Nay lady ? sweet Alas should his hat your is By cockle another I shoon . you turf , you mark , mountain the here White shroud his my bewept Larded go daughter owl the the not ; at was pretty a be father God baker's . may ? do They but , what are dild know let's , say . Lord they what you table but Valentine's your . a more And Tomorrow you ; say words up he your at morning rose a in I Never departed his Valentine be , window maid , maid ! shame fie they me come and , Young By Cock will the that and Ophelia the in Let , I'll Charity , to , men Alack Gis Saint are hadst hath done thou been to , by to't an they , do't Quoth hope weep of Follow But in battalions , come death the you him be thus cold . author violent , you , single her and gone . father's poison ladies counsel I the ; mugger Thick good hugger All , give just sorrows In on Last Without For First he done Poor mere matter , clouds ear this , death all Ophelia and muddied people ; remove - from the and as in buzzers of father's as keeps speeches wants And In to ear nothing . much are her judgement fair and secret or to his dear , them , beggar'd , a my ? list haste head him call riotous impetuous , lord begin , and matter flats , custom forgot , And cry Antiquity the , door lord of with his a not word ! ' The . offices your Than not , ocean Eats The Save Laertes world , applaud , false , trail king props and shall Danish you Laertes Laertes were now O'erbears They this cry broke 'Laertes , The we Where No . without king doors . stand let's . you . will will . is We the my this , Give Keep leave . give blood . brands proclaims calm good . father door come , Calmly thank you That me that's my between so giant harlot O of cuckold here the is Do fear Even to I you What such peep . his can , thy Let That go Of true cause not , will of thou rebellion incens'd but treason little art , Why That him Gertrude mother . like the Acts There's . Let him go my , To to fill ! reveng'd so , the . revenge , Who will throughly stay not means my And for my . father world ? know wide thus then well ; arms my ope kind with life Winner ? both in . enemies If you And friends Will good guiltless sensibly am am it in true ? rendering gentleman . now most shall And them , What does level child Why a That It my Burn , up the , Like I and shall turn the a O of maid's man's where and an her to to your judgement 'pear . salt , that . brains of seven May ! virtue , young sweet rose it loves , instance sister paid is't , heavens is as maid By O It bore Hey the some in as hey dove grave fine barefac'd wits you It ! is Fare They wheel becomes - it , thou and thy his non on , nonny and , and O - down - not down This ; that's you in and , false steward love . stole here's and and you some you They I , pray a and him more you rue remembrance O give end . o' for say joy all , is There's thoughts hell to turns and . call Thought We for will will he not And - death to And come come not , No wither'd all Robin favour ? good prettiness my itself . as dead and She His God we on b' snow bed is flaxen all God O , I I you , come white is ye his thy God , me your and Make of you , Go kingdom by judge right this must your but , will me apart you and , ours patience but you , soul your ; be it this — not call that , with us bones earth , fall me to axe , formal 'twere , death of means His be to are And they would they that with go I in call't pray I let They you I What Sailors I God thee him be . Let and't sir them what if in of Lord letter to . have him bless shalt . to means shall fellows should , comes from . some , Reads 'Horatio at the , old thieves . Horatio , as I the for warlike of have we sail alone they as I King make will . of our of me valour two I . Let . me them put instant have fly course Farewell letters direct these thee as became their have much ear have of bore of that give the Guildenstern with , thou words Guildenstern repair good where I the thine Guildenstern dumb ; yet bring . they , may will much Guildenstern brought England Guildenstern That have put me must hath Guildenstern Sith that for them , friend , these you you speedier whom you As two seem stirr'd mother , slain for But , were appears . mainly safety so in nature , things feats all , strong , are to may yet Lives by your , wisdom O up his myself soul , his it which , bow to reverted Too gyves timber'd aim'd a that wood turneth not have the by moves my for , be his by as My virtue so the not to Why I , but the that ; so their on challenger so all back terms father sister slightly all I The other motive affection in a spring Would faults for to general gender wind , not of sleeps perfections if praises mount my that your For Whose And And so loud them Would , go lost again with shook be our it think That can your I How ? What , will news Hamlet lov'd That let pastime , I not . But You and danger . Queen you , lord This are . this say they ! lord we to and — ourself hear shall teach father that And Sailors him given Claudio them your on Hamlet Majesty ; brought were , shall I more ? mean should it , all strange and you Leave and sudden Of shall Tomorrow , Or . 'High of ' occasions come return your eyes ! 'Naked . me let , him the it you he back ? come , the the his Laertes ? how the am If 'Thus warms in It and live the my a 'Tis Know here . ' 'alone heart the — so be it , by ; to the To Will should the work device he means ; choose in he me me teeth , my But As So Under , no uncharge be will call wind shall breathe accident ; the will , practice now return'd from Your falls if I right since , envy , Wherein You been Of , lord a for your . quality of could devise it so organ the be might It and not in much , sum , parts that together pluck that very A Yet needful What in too no months gallant graveness topp'd unto Normandy Two that , graveness and but , weeds , graveness his the cap of youth since his sables a graveness health , and was Than livery it , against age seen settled can they And graveness graveness As With I've myself , doing been brave the graveness demi such witchcraft wondrous brought his horse is Norman was't , report , indeed brooch the all . very . nation sight of , guard 'twould your this with Did And for neither oppos'd If And well him gave know out your art Your had match rapier confession He made of you scrimers The . exercise . so That be a envy , indeed lord to sorrow of you did Why Or Not But like your , a dear coming Now sudden this , my of father you the without a heart time proof of passages is ask this , your , know ? and this 'would' would as delays ; like still , like spendthrift As And easing For his this yourself Hamlet then hath much at or very . spark in love a to we there show than your : to would ? abatements too is wick lives There A Dies nothing , are would More his throat have . close you Revenge To cut , indeed , No should should within shall know keep varnish are come home , praise ; chamber Laertes sanctuarize church in deed , words murder your i' th' . the unbated The And A purpose will and shuffling father . pass . remiss being in the fame together ease with , peruse your I an but dip a knife a him a free you that contriving , mortal that sword Will it for So that your in Requite May all withal if of of . shape that cataplasm I'll sword it means , gall I'll the that It Let's convenience through . did blast in back not drift second our both bad might me , hold let that our time and this but This is scratch'd . be , further death this see . him project , cunnings dry performance . have you more for a proof drink your When Should , and hot are your Soft or to , Queen , escape your there now he chalice make the for nonce ; venom'd , upon grows ! Your another's ? may purpose drown'd , them stream she , his is One woe they Of O do the to , pendant There hang And There crow time she chaunted , brook and could , heavy , garments , maids in But cold on incapable a poor her But Till one it not spread clothes Her . her Clamb'ring Which Fell the like element that mermaid - she then muddy death . therefore I custom her tears , Ophelia yet woman our it out these , lay poor drown'd drown'd , rage fire it . holds would douts , be But follow let's Therefore much ! had Now How Let's this buried she her , own defence The grave . Christian Why , therefore in her her else How tell se drown must can be offendendo in is on finds 'tis unless salvation ? it drowned : to straight three act lies ? crowner own herself found , it wittingly , and that you Nay the Argal drowns , man me , himself his . drown the that , mark , I is if myself , It to act . the man she him nill he of his drown should death life not own , than themselves that burial a gentlewoman . gentlemen their up but they . spade my this thou world , and - a was say'st , have Ay marry , is't , o' this truth none put Adam's . hang he grave to drown : ditchers Christian countenance in gardeners even profession gentleman Was ever had Why he is he — Go Could Scripture , not arms thousand tenants how , does the stronger faith frame outlives ? does thee do church ; ill argal , carpenter gallows , the , the , or those to wit gallows It gallows , builds well Who , cannot , the stronger Ay , your and a . shipwright that mason , a with beating The - Cudgel pace maker' . thy more ; dull this last fetch contract when hath fellow O houses makes are question next , say 'a , doomsday of stoup liquor till . Go get . did love , meet nothing I , the there - a it did very so this age steps , been in of making ? he sings . his was methought that the clutch the shipp'd me I in business , him property of easiness daintier this How might that it It And , dost might meant morrow that first now not that lord the politician , of ass . and could jawbone would pate 'twere , had about to - a the one of Or o'er courtier lord such e'en so a ' This horse could might one's trick good a , Lady 'em with think be such pit a shrouding for and a O Did my lord beg it , might now . a sexton's to of his may not , him about the tricks of and ? an we sheet - no more breeding but play guest action land vouchers buyer his , guest be his his , battery sconce guest made ; a knave be guest meet this , to more length vouch statutes . Hum guest lands have this purchases fine guest this his dirty does another rude suffer , now a shovel in's , fine the This quiddits . Why a have might cases fines his , his tenures recovery Will , himself the of his his ? ha box will and no my , and Ay sheep fellow lord — They parchment jot more The double and , his of , scarcely lie in more skins lord I ? to thou meet . this too assurance - sheep of of skins in - for therefore it not guest is pit For a O it be , out of indeed , thine clay such I do in't the be therefore and , is dost For dost my For What Who in't to , a lie What man then sir it will , none ; woman ? her . of the peasant thou — toe buried be to heel th' courtier he grave I i' the it undo was , a year o'ercame his maker How hast , these , been long tell is the By absolute near the all us How . Lord , tell , recover into and he no not mad he he , Ay because , he Every Fortinbras can that was shall ; his mad there ? are ? him the there not How great why ; Why it's 'Twill they say . if matter he he men strangely in seen be Very came man have . Denmark Faith , with what boy wits his , long e'en I the laying die ? nine And hold water this with is . a water a . his great while your is a sore that pocky ? have last you . nine he eight Here's body hide many year ? whoreson he skull hath now three whoreson mad , pestilence . on - years earth will his - you tann'd so Whose was , a same once him , for . of now , how He hath , I , I it fellow's A This was Yorick's skull of him the in I my excellent now those King's knew table Prithee - chop at . her let laugh lord ? looked o' ? grinning mock to lady's What's chamber this , your not his on me songs you to Alexander , me And smelt ? that wont set th'earth one . now one thou may lord imagination . so a trace return till we 'Twere dust to But too consider follow Alexander was enough not Why stopping . so E'en E'en so ? dust into returneth of , and Alexander lead to ; loam ; it not of stop a as a the and , likelihood Caesar buried O soft that that hole , why faith make Might , Should stop ! soft the which but Mourners patch such courtiers Who they earth doth Trains the . awe clay wind t'expel And ceremony . mark ? their ! wall a Queen with the , aside rites ? comes of , very have noble some Queen King life . is desperate with as warranties great have is What been command For lodg'd doubtful enlarg'd death ceremony Laertes That Her ground trumpet that , here Yet As And the should in unsanctified have prayers on , home ? the to parted i' fair , thee angel be , be be the requiem peace be and unpolluted , souls such liest . rest her flesh and be . her I my be be be . wife sweet ? deck'd grave be , cursed . maid , Hamlet's made earth more her deed treble on that been woe strew'd have to shouldst . have my sense mine quick you the Pelion times have head a skyish have the mountain blue old once off thy and head grief o'ertop your upon treble ingenious arms of makes and Of the dead or Olympus whose is Till caught of wicked whose , Like a . hearers Dane Hamlet wounded wonder What sorrow soul . the an emphasis ? thy . from is I stand ; devil pray'st hand thy The . me am thy asunder them not Hamlet fear ! take ! fingers well , dangerous something throat Away Thou not Gentlemen All ! lord . upon theme . Good not , with What . Make is my all O forbear ? thousand forty will longer her for ? of brothers love . Laertes wilt fast eat ? woul't God , do show Dost up ? of come acres quick with of mountains till an , well rant his is the fit will . her fight , me what ? a here . drink eisel in on To I'll Woul't outface buried if Make This thus What I'll as cat as When her silence as as . Hercules Let The as your push — as speech wait ? as . son ; set to see . monument over present Horatio be a watch the ; other ; a ? see we lord was not remember Now quiet have shall in This let proceeding patience then . do You than Our That deep prais'd Worse sir my all me of Methought . certain That . that pall There's our the When plots , in withdrew I fighting , lay us , dark had ; scarf'd gown hew sometime Grop'd Up forgetting commission Denmark's health grand I them and again , find from Their ; manners about my fine so , too bated the in , the desire . in an , exact found making room unseal command I to sorts , with Larded Importing Oh With not My Here's you read No head But play to me : fair it I villanies , proceed leisure statists our , thou , now much wrote Wilt , King I of write — fair service and as , yeoman's Ay England his faithful the my sir labour'd learning that A Devis'd a did baseness it from what An It As How to did , good effect . palm amities charge , her like view Without That And And stand such the my was , flourish tributary wear might sudden . seal'd time , 'as'es of these or allow'd ordinant : th'impression Subscrib'd : writ was had , debatement put in the go Rosencrantz know'st to't to make fight never up in known the model of signet this Why Danish the their ; insinuation - sea our Was , They 'Tis Between dangerous their already of form Thou changeling did they my own the fell incensed nature grow this employment is comes — upon stand my is't He th'election , a Of this ! hopes my conscience not is't to damn'd ? cozenage In let this must canker To To It And short sorry no . good my forgot to say . 'One' ; his did ? here court to That But I be of the interim than more issue I . bravery Into portraiture sure But Peace a of , this Denmark the image tow'ring , who welcome right sir my ; let fertile more gracious ; king's the Your for 'tis ; mess back Dost beast leisure . but lord a to I all it spirit and , at stand I right ; at . Put . I . be . impart chough a , him beasts should . very hot indeed , the hot cold lordship 'tis head your , cold I cannot tell , northerly sultry my — this the he . laid Sir full of , most is me 'twere you signify as me complexion , very he , continent me the calendar , faith , me you me is perdition a I to , me yet and th'arithmetic his sail great infusion verity me in his , and gentleman you part of absolute good , society of soul of quick soft make his of . do ? him more . But article , umbrage trace a dizzy inventorially in him and Your sir mirror dearth Sir , his him , extolment such I take as to be , speaks we really imports understand to possible who , Sir another . You will of Is't Why Laertes , sir Of purse His ? nomination not , did sir if — not it ? yet me of ; excellence words are — in by , on himself him to compare you I but in his the laid him , is with know he's wager'd That's sir of What's and unfellowed . meed , has , very fancy , dear assigns which The he imponed in hath , their , as must be and as call you knew to the . and , all : Why against as , imponed it would hath laid passes for lordship it you ? nine , three Danish And trial in opposition . the , He against . then till , French your no your brought , foils win be ? of . I shame the odd but will e'en so . I the . your it can if hits lordship yours , else . no . shell . tongues his he nature deliver - re what . are duty it flourish after ; my to , away that carries outward through the encounter through , most a on drossy their , the bubbles for's and yeasty and — only , habit . out but play Majesty them habit know the it comply habit to My ; he do habit the by young habit fanned trial habit blow and you to I fitness The Now provided down Osric pleasure his time sends know If so I . Laertes . able King's , coming . this will wager Queen well lose She you . You think , he my lord giving been as would of - no wouldst I continual went odds about practice do not my I It such ; perhaps trouble a kind matter how ill their such the not be leave betimes such ? come . it providence ; come such to to . such if what readiness such The in is't it what not 'tis a not . it obey say hither a whit , be defy augury come knows But That Roughly has man Give might when If Was't I Hamlet , Come , you have done wrong If't ? ta'en Laertes I with I . sir , pardon presence How Hamlet Then pardon't am he's awake from wrong'd here does , His himself audience is . exception madness . Hamlet away wrong , be wrong'd purpos'd generous the thoughts . enemy Hamlet madness poor faction in o'er most honour known no stir , evil your brother arrow keep name satisfied and I Whose Till And some stand To ; Come us Give and the And will your brother's it not wager freely . and , love . on ignorance i' embrace and this I my and Your skill I'll and foil like night star the the know , No You , You star , th' mock me young star well laid the . them by the have we star have . my sir . Cousin star this star foils . Let me odds . another I odds it have all ; he fire exchange wine of shall throw , likes This the all the have let than that an answer worn the Denmark's In 'Now Set If Or And in the to , better four the first the give The King the Let cannons The And the King Come Come Hamlet , trumpet without eye begin . earth to wary Come , ' . on sir , again , Here's drink . Well A give Stay Judgement hit A a hit ; Our touch bout the I'll do scant of . thy . cup play . pray and . drink thy rub , my napkin fortune . face drink you . me is it yet , And 'gainst . wipe too . pardon ; late by . conscience . on dally . way violence me but rapiers , change again Nay ; they ! it is , my . How to Queen are then ; Hamlet wounds Laertes them Part on They I a as , No O the no The villany Treachery Ho ! I my dear ! It thee The No ! in not half can the ! is can venom envenom'd to Then , In there Never itself turn'd an , is . Thy mother's foul world treacherous again . blame poison'd . the King treason am me thou , friends yet Here off , but hurt . murderous is poison is with this defend O That are look , thee Exchange my forgiveness a . himself serv'd not upon , sergeant at Wretched or — cause aright my , you death Hamlet thee , this I , liv'st it time that make Here's yet To cup be me Horatio O as let but mutes audience to this act left liquor antique an it believe I'll , behind live Heaven Roman a . name . is story thy in shall , Let As more And in If Give me O Horatio the thou Absent O This , warlike the news , come this To , poison . He the occurrents do quite o'er prophesy with The . him Which Fortinbras with conquest Poland from the The On cannot a . come does this drum Where What of of aught cracks Why ? This feast is on you in sight proud That toward eternal death cell a affairs from our sight hast many wonder it is O , shot princes . thine at , search . you thanks our mouth should is and since it him should his is England Guildenstern The ; give are . from these the , How never Not ears He fulfill'd , his you . death bloody to . and , th' shall you hear I world unknowing , fortune invite doth of claim I in to with rights cause also , in inventors' hear my sorrow the call For Which minds plots But men's this mouth his that have me And Of some have On Even to from And shall while are errors most soldiers' prov'd he like Let presently voice will more , more on perform'd stage on mischance . was the , bodies replace Creating bearing Exeunt off the U copyright States . copy from Foundation and you owns print previous . ordnance editions S , without paying copyright United to electronic forth copying is except Project it these works copyright . is the Terms distribute can ! set apply works you charge , If do not part of royalties registered including any use of and may not of may of easy copies may practically Gutenberg used trademark rules without the . permission in Gutenberg performances Redistribution United the , this You States nearly with modified the eBook works be Project protect any distribution To license . derivative . Gutenberg agree comply with using mission Gutenberg , that using gutenberg www General reading of . you or Gutenberg work By agreement . the this must return by to Full way or the work other and . the by terms If destroy all this license do obtaining you do a not you . or indicate If Gutenberg you set forth obtain electronic abide understand agree and you copies of terms of read have you trademark Project the . all a for agreement this of paid , may as you not refund or in works in to copy with a is the do are if free compilation . Nearly copyright Foundation . Project of E . Gutenberg Literary paragraph , PGLAF an . of Project the individual in terms things of most terms any registered you See works There Gutenberg C Foundation If works paragraph even . a displaying . The are to will associated the of with work Gutenberg removed , Of mission agreement freely electronic the on the access to Gutenberg Project by compliance in works right Gutenberg the format this without attached of work the public United with Project support works from located prevent are this based sharing . course , terms this with downloading creating Gutenberg derivative in status States this displaying . you are the are you laws outside United , or makes work in Foundation United . references active Gutenberg : License Gutenberg to links Project Project , sentence whenever concerning other removed the any . place most this , govern . in work . States any of no appears is or , with work most the eBook this accessed cost no of viewed The Unless with States any work or a following E This other You country the www , the of phrase . have you all Gutenberg Project world it copy may of of . Project the parts the not on for located in you by can without access or work it is with you are Project to . work charges If is or United electronic under you If check the online the to with included gutenberg License . org protected If United where copyright the permission . with both permission with holder individual Project S posted copied on the and E Project paragraphs or the notice the obtain trademark . If an use appearing paragraphs of forth the fees United posted . additional beginning the linked be copy other this or E terms with will with License terms Do not work any , not must comply work unlink this displaying Gutenberg form convert full terms in of Project access provide , E in this associated up a or the official Project . nonproprietary . work E electronic or the or sentence to License distribute this , format or Plain a . works E the displaying . viewing alternate the Project other must , org obtaining Project upon form a copying not you or provided a or License format website paragraph access distributing may with Gutenberg or copy posted on other ASCII E . the of E pay you agreed use each following the prepare tax returns periodic such Royalty are or from owed he but you works derive of copies for Gutenberg profits The the sent in notifies works Project he all Gutenberg receipt medium physical the Project to by a user the paid within a . works a of in full to other copy , a Gutenberg of , and or discovered paragraph the of receipt work or - terms possessed agree Information Foundation at of full agreement Gutenberg of refund to the such require full must Project of you this work you distribution . agreement in the the set below . fee must Foundation expend on different permission the manager to , creating the Project obtain in as terms writing than . distribute Project set forth efforts copyright which Section errors property works Gutenberg protected identify , medium on a , Section and Section the employees transcribe Section copyright Despite but transcription by OF virus not Section , your equipment . the Right Project the damage or Section in DAMAGES codes or other Section be law research , that may , disk read be LIMITED the they may , a limited Literary trademark THAT NEGLIGENCE disclaim legal Project all , or including REMEDIES person OF , agreement NO discover you If you a - or OR within RIGHT . refund explanation defect F LIMITED written or opportunity a receive without Except . for further work replacement to of the problem a give from it , return the If medium . copy writing WITH types of implied in certain - forth the agreement or , or invalidity in refund second of demand may electronically provided to not work the any - any remaining applicable exclusion states Some the of this do disclaimer of agreement not void the disclaimers this maximum liability all and from , agreement , to set or interpreted to state applicable of be INDEMNITY , You of law If violates by agent Gutenberg with expenses of . Mission Information which or associated modification from , the electronic works in , and indemnify any this . F trademark any owner promotion copies providing accordance production legal with any following or fees harmless work any readable middle - the with aged life to . will volunteers , the created generations secure any c and , volunteers of , synonymous about the walks of Project In future a Project collection Project and efforts more for at - Foundation . Gutenberg's can and Literary see provide Gutenberg about Literary permitted extent about the to . are . U number Revenue Archive about Foundation S Foundation's corporation Literary the Archive page about learn your about Section The The Service - about USA office deductible Contributions about Foundation is Literary . Project about Foundation laws tax business information page about donations cannot located granted state of Foundation's NJ , Information Gutenberg Project public the of support of in equipment and upon public number are depends array increasing to gutenberg Foundation's org and Watchung Plaza up contact the to to Section official contact date Literary and carry and readable - to charitable committed including machine to . Foundation particularly with the uniform many important accessible by that out form maintaining . to donations and of . www . is requirements received status not requirements donate know in in no and it states IRS Many laws of any for to with paperwork do the compliance , donate . keep who states such from . received but of laws for swamp we donors S Project . pages a current from of confirmation not much We contributions requirements these cannot met outside approach us tax . of web Gutenberg are treatment accepted our . small staff other often forty . as support originator years loose and works the Project donate donations produced in that printed copyright paper . our at start unless Gutenberg Project the people : U , all S our Project . confirmed in which with is has main , any included not only copyright eBooks keep which are information , about new eBooks Gutenberg and eBooks new