Stand . Stand Stand . Stand . heart , Stand . Stand bed bitter . now 'Tis Have I rivals of do , Marcellus . them Stand watch you meet bid and them make , to Friends to Give And Horatio him . Welcome . has , this nothing again tonight . appear'd piece of good Welcome of of this him hold twice of come . it not fantasy I thing seen our take seen entreated speak to night along us . apparition 'twill down What When break Had The made star same that part , pole again it — one scholar speak where comes that's dead it , King It the ? a not Looks it Most . like march which thou sometimes See art with that Question Together charge Denmark thee . speak Did of night , speak . thee and will You ! more on't ! look than tremble ! not ! had th'ambitious Norway in combated . eyes mine ! like the on an the Polacks . once he When He twice smote before when , he was As it avouch to strange he work gone on sledded this , knows task war the ; brazen of tell to state , week of of subject and , But bodes In what particular opinion . haste the last , and , down the strict sit now the What Does At this this so Whose to you as prick'd even whisper that - King , Fortinbras most in on ratified with To gaged Did For Dar'd forfeit Well Had by Is his source this I Of The That the A In graves squeak Disasters As Upon And the in stars trains little most it mote and high Did with the gibber ere tenantless in and stood , And As like climatures Lo it any do and to use , our heaven preceding of fierce events , voice it demonstrated , be . me to fate avoid thy , done , illusion comes Stay again , earth , grace thing good , country's ! uphoarded the spirits oft speak to to Or it Speak , say , hast in womb , Stay with partisan ? show our And For it offer wrong as To it vain blows air malicious then And a do Awake the in cock , or erring and fire lofty earth the summons speak to it fearful that , To This confine Th'extravagant sea of day ; his hies the made of and in comes , herein air sounding , like . started Upon , is and And object crowing spirit , with his present that on say are they , So part the hath then of the celebrated cock . probation is 'gainst season night stir strike charm seen we , yon in eastward advice it . abroad heard watch impart dumb to what ; you for us , with , life loves Hamlet our we Break Where we I we fitting upon will acquaint and . him clad mantle Unto consent This As do't , in spirit Let's To sister Th'imperial Laertes Your to In Taken equal in funeral With Therefore we Now Holding follows , weak by that affair a our late all thanks our , dropping one with this now , nor have know our worth , barr'd , death brother's young have dirge delight and freely gone , suppress to , rid we So of with those bonds much of here , have that you and proportions is brother with all for time young purpose in are all here the scarcely : and further commend your scope the Norway than allow VOLTEMAND and things nothing CORNELIUS these you this : we ? duty . articles let and ; Farewell bearers For To We voice of , now told You cannot Laertes haste all The shall That lose You And to and thoughts bow My To leave thou to I your to coronation to Denmark ; father ? confess must in return duty my Dread though show whence my Your and I wishes now And And How . A is colour much am a my ! to . kind on hang i' the off on friend Denmark , eternity the in to nature , seems ! madam not 'Tis No For That I actions have man that and a These indeed play , seem , of show visage grief passeth your duties your , commendable the woe ; might within These sweet give must you That 'Tis To But lost trappings the mourning lost , these In impious shows his to it heart fault As For An obstinate obsequious his simple most must In filial obligation , for to term his , as sense earth note , common and , be we the should our thing 'tis theme common died today cried to us take hath throne the nobility your his love , intent of our eye : remain son . to our bears son , in . For our Wittenberg . Hamlet . not . reply Hamlet again . Come heaven thunder earthly the Denmark . Madam , you best my all obey fair , flesh had too the resolve health in Sits the too and Or weary me on't to ! an 'tis That fie all stale , should was , in unweeded and much gross , God come so that not ; so roughly face satyr king Why ? it rank two this this to mother my of earth heaven on month — is poor ; increase too to Visit That it dead excellent So Possess Hyperion two remember might — hang had Heaven , appetite and a she thy of on't longer brother ! to My God all fed which A By With Let me little Niobe not , break It But I Horatio your tears . ever ; lord well myself : my ? you , would ear of hear disposition am I But My We'll lord do , it think prithee I was my I drink to came to your you are ? hard marriage dearest see , see follow'd funeral The my met Did father — I I Would see had Thrift see , see mind's had , furnish see Horatio , see coldly My eye He I eye ? Saw Who him upon him for eye like eye eye eye Upon the your attent an eye With Season of to God's For Marcellus and This ear admiration your King till , your - thrice , the in , distill'd march solemn with - them ; the impart deliver'd to not third night both kept ? deliver'd deliver'd to none deliver'd and yet : I speak you deliver'd cock it it deliver'd like head did deliver'd it , it very honour'd my know you indeed , it . troubles . tonight this me ? to his , beaver his ? frowningly wore . anger . Nay fix'd Most constantly I his eyes pale . would would have , and haste moderate , when grizzled saw't I . tell BARNARDO . Stay'd Longer very it might hundred , it sable have Not beard His was I as It will it Perchance I watch . again peace . 'twixt , hap your but fare twelve , well and , So eleven . honour tonight ye conceal'd . though shall in silence no this , tongue you : mine visit I'll duty , o'erwhelm my earth And My then Though And and Do the a toy in , primy nature minute of sweet youth and hear the winds you ? his blood lasting mind loves cautel nor weigh'd his soil service The bulk greatness he of . withal Think inward In thews of himself is subject his on this that choice for , he says he and voice therefore of Then . he sanctity and ; be body give is fits the yielding if act ; loss voice deed honour particular wisdom in his the May Than Then As And not for the saying what heart To , ear Denmark list your his with your it , may goes believe you sustain his chaste your and lose Fear Out it If keep of Virtue canker Contagious she The Or the shot desire moon ; lies heart my rebels and the galls oft The itself best ungracious of own path a the to . to and But ; do near youth , in dew of keep pastors puff'd and Do not Whilst shall I Himself stay I watchman thorny way my the , rede recks not stay'd for precepts . act familiar you There of aboard a blessing upon fear too double ? thy thought , with no his . steel adoption of that - dull but . thy ; tongue entertainment of blessing my are , judgement not man But Give And Are borrower of apparel of Neither in not the most oft loses both borrowing a they For express'd habit thine thy France as , but can thy beware ; quarrel th'opposed For : canst This select loan must Farewell Ophelia false as my take you , lock'd key of the you remember in . shall 'Tis Farewell And , my I do humbly Most go to tend . it Lord ? touching Hamlet you , said , he well Marry private it And As do audience — my you between not way in my is You , his ? up put and you yourself bounteous been of to me . perilous . me Give you ; I and daughter understand , your , lord speak ! his believe know in like Affection you I What hath He Pooh ! Unsifted , That Or Running my , you Do not , pay true yourself tender importun'd call vows of . lord his ; wind the with go phrase ; dearly , more Tender . to , crack not you'll fool me my , this heaven , soul to fashion : heat , the all given And the When Lends tongue holy blazes daughter I these higher he be And Believe something You Than to in larger believe ; you a with so scanter entreatments Than much must the may of But sanctified This , plain of their for . given him . a Hamlet , ways you talk that his vows leisure all is slander . and pious for this Hamlet . charge As I Look Have to't time , from with , beguile any moment and draws struck not it is bites shrewdly ; an ? rouse upspring my the walk then wont near . pledge his is't ; custom here , custom a native bray out . height . attribute vicious it achievements oft and Makes By breaking Oft That The More honour'd heavy clepe traduc'd headed and addition , This birth of our men not complexion his of they choose pith cannot of nature in guilty , at , them origin of much undergo dram substance . censure of corruption pure one that too some mole pales , say habit may noble his To the The , plausive Being manners , As scandal of own take The as they fault as livery infinite particular all Doth the lord general Shall that Look and , it us from , O I'll or or hell ! steel complete why ; cerements Have That King airs heaven a . their op'd saw bones com'st Let Thou in royal burst thy That , why With night the shake beckons thoughts So Making To Revisit'st horridly thus fools disposition it do ? Wherefore we Wherefore , souls nature of our Wherefore of What . removed ground follow ; you Wherefore if more by not Wherefore did Wherefore ; fear . lord not my then But Look with No It It do , thing forth ? horrible lord ? sovereignty of form , cliff my , it , the of the toward dreadful base desperation sea many it still , to That more hears on It so me fathoms , his into of the follow off Go every it , thee I'll , hands each waves You Hold beneath . go shall nerve . rul'd fate you the I'll ! I am — waxes As hardy as artery in , call'd Go . him not me him , desperate the will ? Denmark . me that a of , what this thus will no . is rotten in Something hour My Whither will will not what shall lend poor myself . sulph'rous and come will . will to will art When Alas will And , bound , am . thou ? What term in But whose freeze house forbid , word done purg'd secrets thy stars and ears And thy Till confin'd thy of ; from to stand love be on fretful blood particular like crimes a for foul the burnt To harrow Make If thou this Like Thy the the Murder But To of Revenge Murder Haste me rots sweep know't revenge fat . weed is ! as thoughts to or to this most that this in out that . the process , wings of meditation , thou , crown a The ease on than apt in sleeping sting prophetic that Ay Wouldst thou itself ; so Lethe stir 'Tis not of know that serpent Rankly abus'd ; my Mine , of of his and gifts , won to beast ! virtuous queen that love even never Will . Upon I That will , With O To But Sleeping within I ! So lust to itself , let . of uncle in bed air orchard , stole vial ; did whose such Though court it prey sate custom cursed of as an my Holds That natural leperous Upon and sudden like and swift , most lazar - All a quicksilver alleys tetter with , of , life And And The smooth in The was With not nature O hast off , into . eager about vile wholesome blood bark'd queen of . body a , blossoms crown sleeping like Of my even Unhous'led No Cut thou Taint Against And 'gins To The - and thy for luxury pursu'st the his to thee , those aught thou royal A But thy . be . the couch mother thorns ; this that to heaven O fie memory Remember instant not grow , matin fire Remember , old ? heart records thee seat trivial all distracted this wipe books and the Adieu adieu pale I'll of thy youth , my brain , What there , all with one At tables My That And observation copied , forms it pernicious most smile matter and is , commandment smiling be it damned may Meet , heaven ! word Denmark , live . my . down villain . That least , sure be so in villain and ' to my ! ho , Come ? wonderful ! lord come by , news , my you'll lord my Good I , think . once grave : all at and the . us tell But a heaven an he's dwelling lord all knave , arrant lord villain my are more that ; you hath we shake desire and you , heartily I'll — I'll I'll lord there is now know what I'll friends may one I'll but offence you Give , let and me I'll between request . soldiers us you , friends Horatio , this Touching , ghost my ? that to HORATIO make O'ermaster't What Never sworn Indeed my in . faith indeed . lord sword sword have , already . lord . there . Propose ha , under . the thou Swear , cellarage seen ? ubique et Swear by you fellow this my Swear we'll Never that my our , again this speak your Come And to of by , Then . have ground sword i' . old . shift upon but wondrous , remove night day worthy lay Swear gentlemen Hic O Beneath ! mole pioner things , as before of , Once my in more . more Swear There As pronouncing dreamt and Than philosophy help you mercy , myself come , help note and and , your . Swear spirit most Beneath at perturbed love , Rest With And do of . not if , you , rest so come , And commend Hamlet you pray us as man and Let friending gentlemen you is , Reynaldo . go I right it his You shall behaviour him Of Before do you I him how , said My Give this will , Enquire well Marry thus him' lord , I well what That you , his particular do they Than him , know some demands distant and , Reynaldo friends nearer and and , where question come , do you mark , him of you more usual wild may you but wanton , so be you dishonour are lord and ' , say , 'not him rank ; that none , liberty As Ay drinking . put , so ? But Addicted him , My youth , companions swearing go breathe seem : is you or As put but to scandal in , faults of he A savageness unreclaimed blood You Quarrelling no Faith not The taints open meaning That may must my That's the , the of But the flash not on ; the as the may and Of liberty quaintly assault outbreak the my , sir a I the You Marry lord you the . know my here's I would fetch soil'd a is him the these my this — do warrant slight little you be , you , 'friend the in seen it , Mark ever He so converse a And Ay closes phrase , would on drift i' . breathe to does or of the sullies th' guilty prenominate ; assur'd working , ' this . addition crimes The , youth with you and ; Of or does , say something he lord the or , the 'gentleman day and o'ertook in's ' ' , such there , I 'I saw him he At Or then And then was What : I to so the with then gaming you saw Videlicet , a thus of : And windlasses do falsehood at with , closes falling : By or There out enter , we bait There : was such or tennis' or of of of , truth takes a : advice ? bias . not , I You former directions assays forth . sale' and me God lord lord Observe , out , you have my Well shall , what , in name been in of doublet God matter , sewing the all in to knocking gyved was unbrac'd foul'd ? the what's ? affrighted look so Mad for had horrors thy he piteous ? do before of . other ankle , stockings hell truly know do I , And by took he his other goes would — a it draw head thus shaking . to He As the hand wrist the perusal did to o' me is the go This , to the their go fordoes , me , arm down profound and of so rais'd last out Come with the leads does good did repel his to me ; him any desperate to property violent As oft as will What That hath access , late And am quoted is go the younger sort opinions for , close the to being utter , to kept age and ! move . King hate than which , hide More must , Welcome that much we Moreover The Since his So dream of being Resembles father's young That And That so you since it was death . rest . of days so . on from as to occasion by . afflicts to in and humour him court companies , thus . open'd draw Some , I than . What it you brought , little . our talk'd . And . So To That hath , he two your us am more I gentlemen Whether much aught within remedy there much , adheres profit and it the Your As he sure To For To visitation As show of us gentry our remembrance such hope , us receive king's your more Both dread give up To beseech and and at your . Rosencrantz some . commanded be ourselves We , both lay here too and helpful practices , my return'd good . lord , liege : the ? think The cause very — I sure found to long I that speak hath Have it the to of us'd — to you I else and God O Thyself He that , of , do th'ambassadors is but your , me Give His The return , what shall friends desires and he , Welcome . son's . marriage him , brief , Highness , my good our greetings preparation from fair a falsely Fortinbras His our into he which ; That It so Was rebuke Receives in sickness your , sends , obeys arrests , fee to herein his thousand , against in overcome th'assay Whereon him Norway , crowns before So With entreaty Polack annual your in . give allowance , joy , the further you for this quiet : upon , safety us consider'd more It set down well think for at rest at Meantime to Go majesty took business well and , Answer we thank , home feast well ended duty is time ? day what define be let , But brief I is , he but matter More , Mad find grant him . defect this And use cause now of . no , remains , all art 'tis true will I it 'tis And But That For , duty have whilst gather and remainder the , is , 'beautified' beautified most and the — by , hear shall a vile Ophelia is vile phrase a , but . not , liar love doubt never , from this Came Good that But dear Ophelia , And , am ill at these , whilst machine is to me love means solicitings and ? show'd his by honourable might you and this so do But This they fell All how As had perceiv'd desk me told daughter would When Or given look'd I I If my my must my . man faithful the you might and sight to : prince No love , did of his my tokens gave her , advice , precepts fast to I thy I went ' mistress thus bespeak of into a the herself , out short , sadness watch we for . likely now by this , a thence tale , weakness declension , ' so ? know Not Thence Thence to a , all the I When such be It Do 'tis wail think I'd , that otherwise ''Tis . be this if , together hours . it centre me lead is we try me be But keep where sadly do presently look But We the beseech poor O , give , you my a - lord my . me , well You are my . man a honest so you would Not , fishmonger . my thousand goes a ten lord to one my I For if That's maggots of this be sir , I sun i' Have walk not that say How not this . And first at truly to Words What gone me you . I'll the you slave satirical that are wrinkled matter I . mean the ; have they , to air the grave How pregnant lord yet . as sir am backward I my ? delivered often madness meeting between humbly most life I , that take . my except anything leave and will life and sometimes hits him air Aside that means the so happiness will from of prosperously my my more . willingly part my my These Fare you tedious old fools the go You Lord seek . Hamlet To Polonius honoured My most How My My excellent On her ? happy button ? her ? very privates her or , in . she is . or me question hands more or . or middle or my , or world's prison deserved at or grown honest a your that but news is , Prison , Denmark's is there which my have near . But , Fortune good sends she then ambition in , count myself . a mind . wards worst my narrow for good . lord either nothing a there have bad prison bad or . king the dreams the a it a that one nutshell too of I ; shadow is the . for light . and but itself but hold Truly such I wait attended my with friendship , I We'll am rest outstretch'd I , by fay for But servants ; For court th' ROSENCRANTZ an way you poor , lord no a a nay , visitation Were ? sent . Come And lord ? sent ; you . speak I halfpenny but . free my modesties craft there is not and you for of rights our of were proposer you obligation better , me ? love you your , discovery hold have all I mirth no anticipation moult lost , and shall heavily with my this a sterile and noble : me to a and , in beauty how the what , admirable ; is , thoughts . so , god me' entertainment Lenten ? and have tribute the lover ; peace ; sere th' o' ? them way shall target shall the of in reputation ? city innovation . rusty ? sir top is question of , and , wearing fashion many . thither that the Do ? escoted Do — them on there Do scarce How sing players say Do it Do wrong Do holds no nation and ? the while do as — writers money too . possible and those , possible Denmark . little give twenty picture possible could find possible forty , 'Sblood possible possible . The you than must than You than . than deceived are mother than is than ? than I , the handsaw . west my lord and wind gentlemen you at yet too come to hawk from , baby Happily will prophesy right have , to The , lord news actors sir to for a tell have , When in , historical the ! tragical individable light lord no and Why daughter , passing fair treasure Israel Aside th' i' right . I on loved my which What I me Jephthah What that , Nay then chanson For love thee since I you like of taste at fly speech falconers , ring . old in is Pray to ? Denmark nearer within Come lord my , it but was , million if the a , than my young or others modesty excellent to sallets phrase that the method mine not , acted never remember I down the as ? What But it was in there it in no honest of set than no more at speaks but very , 'Twas he where especially Black couched : it he , in , did the night ominous sable the and complexion dread whose with Priam's tale Aeneas' this line of purpose black begins me . horridly to trick'd , horse , fathers a . hellish fire , Roasted the seeks . So , proceed good Pyrrhus , and light , daughters , Head foot sons , discretion sword , you spoken thus the a damned streets crash ; wide , sword it falls His , his head . matter , pause orb the the after new a - fall eterne proof , Priam strumpet than forg'd him death the Pyrrhus' ! down heaven thunder hammers Cyclops' for Pyrrhus' bleeding , wheel her hill fiends long beard ; or Prithee . your is barber's And In This , sleeps of on he a shall It He's to ? is good queen' for a loins venom have malicious husband's she at , sport see in fear caught her — all , limbs did sword move milch And burst instant mincing In , well . made see players well the rest no more the , bad brief ? Do epitaph have while you of a their according dignity and of . Good in's soon . time them let , and you hear ill and The Take bounty honour Use man every own a Murder The Use of Use my for lord you Use , of Use in't lord , play Use . sirs Come friends . We'll . Gonzago . need study a My To You Good night till Ay Very Rosencrantz . well , so , With What's should weep Hecuba voice eyes For or ? And would he his What passion with stage cue speech horrid , ear , and and the distraction all for I , indeed her drown appal the tears , with the he cleave the the of dreams No Am most unpregnant and general ignorant and A Upon can faculties mad Confound very A John That The a whose defeat nose , and villain was beard the blows my I pate face th' throat ? across me it not of for my dear rascal , region kindless ! bawdy villain most Bloody all bitter pigeon I the off Who me Plucks As ! Ha To But I lungs - it ? Who 'Swounds am I , an I , this , like , And That a fall A a my the what ass This is , with heart play , heard very ! at of . their no I'll tongue . of have father , confusion circumstance . thing , grounds the the of The the so with find But do puts his all he why With dangerous no to by feels he speak ? of days does But Niggard he state . confession like forcing question Did And To We , to to true night as - you it And play o'er on so fell play out certain a are , play matter and he play To hear ; think did play play With And play 'Tis heart purpose , leave sent Affront as play 'twere Will We th'affliction thus encounter Ophelia him If't For That Will your so hope the wonted his good your for That Of Madam wildness him , it honours . so you wish please this devotion's may . visage o'er in , book Read my conscience — art burden my doth beautied to deed my not harlot's — lash And too 'Tis , painted most the that withdraw ! the speech 'tis true give plastering word that thing , ugly heavy be Let's suffer fortune to end , troubles sea outrageous mind the lord : against arms take opposing and in nobler and Whether to or be ; flesh Or No Devoutly is heir , and death shuffled sleep of perchance in that to . To ay die of , dreams and and his might under of sweat country from the will those puzzles law's of of pause us , merit himself he of of whips so of office the returns conscience Thus to of And Is thus pale hue native the pith cast of of we and moment , whose death we , thought awry you , have , all ? orisons , remembrances , this well re . deliver to now , receive And honour'd My the made As lord you when , Ha Are lordship honest you That your , lord . no honesty fair ? truly it proof was . This for the power of better beauty to fair your have the I it of the was I believed ; virtue you , we not Indeed , my bawd . relish me for lord have more . accuse me thou deceived I them I fellows imagination breeder loved I so me of such I sinners , very proud yet better ? thoughts that myself revengeful , were put are O marry , thou chaste as dost to a ; give thou enough ; know well pure I'll , go be Let as fool face of and , heard live are hath them thou quickly , it are mad , o'erthrown ! tongue , and of mind scholar's , noble is , down , form ! wretched , the eye here , sword nunnery To . the music quite , observers of the and most and of state , reason youth , what , see do it something form a , brood see , little , of woe feature . have melancholy madness I Thus Haply it down demand variable : I With of the For danger some be do This shall The from need You neglected not hold you it And plac'd grief she alone her be after entreat him him you said the it , let lord and commencement . do well origin us of his , Hamlet How what Lord now as My , with in where . not ear it I pray I , beget the It thus as temperance a tongue soul , the . your part , very have are capable a Herod . Pray inexplicable tear fellow the it you whipped nothing ears pated . O of but honour dumb , passion very in , your fellow the out . Be so , to neither word of the to whose be of and mirror , image end 'twere as her pressure and scorn , own time , it , allowance the , the overdone make very anything Termagant o'erdoing ; at special this tutor with your , the , both to not be must nature the or for the , hold the form . the censure the Now which one the that I will laugh to speak the the . be play then ambition most that them pitiful clowns your be spectators . of a barren of those let And for That's set down , fool Will the that , work piece lord ? And , sweet , ho What ROSENCRANTZ , Horatio cop'd e'er , my art conversation e'en dear ; flatter from ? hast O not advancement no as lord withal poor absurd of . fawning let clothe my Here No To revenue what And feed was her of , For that and suffers the should but thee ? choice be flatter'd ? are - finger of King . wear that co me blessed hast , him man . mingled been nothing heart of this heart , my before too near the circumstance , father's thy ; join to foul , uncle it comes my act death , a that , are . mine is It he If As Vulcan's eyes will rivet his seeming judgements will aught Well censure after And And the whilst this . play pay must others chameleon's this crammed answer No have promise you . My say , actor mine not are words eat air the capons was and What Caesar to . now I you , a I you brute Ay was you Come , my lord you they there calf . you me you your ? stay upon ready players my here's , sit here's . here's ? your my , here's here's here's mean No I , my lord head lap ? lord . lord to my , merry are Who Ay your you , only maker mother 'tis and man . lord cheerfully jig . wear may memory , hope O a lady heavens die , Nay . there's on , by'r Enter . She kneels and man's lovingly ; unto , he suffer for and takes , and fellow he bank a , in comes , and dead King or poison . leaves pours The finds in away . love and Mutes four body loth his unwilling is accepts this means with with Poisoner with . lord . argument the crown seeing , Queen The returns three the carried ? it the counsel they'll . play means to . the fellow Belike this Will they you'll shame tell you us and any tell or Is , 'Tis . round gone cart hath for to your beg We For , Here brief As times , and moons twelve Hymen sacred bands hands , of done moon been , sheen thirties and , world And Full love woe far you the Since may borrow'd late sick I nothing my , proof or the love , I little Where Faith My Where love , their in husband rest : there grows do behind kind shortly — belov'd shalt powers instances respects the second must For O confound the needs be Such None time slave oft move . first what ourselves now But Are believe we violent A base When think determine birth to either enactures revels ourselves the 'tis own , aye is most grieves joy The passion unshaken , in doth grief , us doth That This violence for , not world doth Grief doth To What joys For doth great The And who doth And advanc'd doth man even our down hitherto That Our , wilt when their fates do are none contrary so no our think thou are Nor But Sport and hope heaven ends husband lord me from devices ours thoughts earth repose thoughts me anchor's die and his wills So Our To If what An spirits sworn Ophelia My , and thy mischance how , Sleep us too protests much methinks play this you Madam And rock but O twain between ? no : a image o' : it not but , play the call ? a is Tropically , jest poison jest is ? no ; offence i' Baptista Let his wife This Duke's how 'tis wince that is I shall , anon . Vienna This are are — you your love take . doth bellow revenge . damnable . keen off my thy , midnight no , rank ban natural infected , dire On Confederate your and Thoughts gets love thrice collected time for and raven croaking the , Come begin i' , extant wholesome drugs fit weeds seeing Gonzago name's of You ? lord o'er Give for's th'garden very The with All , my . Lights false fire some some play play go deer , let For A very , here dear pound , reigns pajock very and dismantled realm — ghost's ? word thousand Didst well the , note Come I , ha the king , did , not . it Come belike very . recorders , comedy . music if ! the Come the not . perdie . him like you sir ? choler to perhaps this to with Your doctor , my . so him , and not plunge the hath you me sent you my you answer But . you ; My What Sir my you I right . If it you , My my amazement But my say , mother — my sequel bed go my no there you any . my my to ? love and these so , I And , if cause of deny pickers do your surely to King himself for your something proverb withdraw you the in grass you with — grows Denmark To play my voice ? the have when the while but that , pray I I Will bold , you . this pipe too is love unmannerly will ventages beseech and finger discourse the beseech have not beseech out pluck beseech you . utterance these are and thing skill beseech little I this the of am think beseech ! of , pipe it beseech much music . what upon , voice do would , will you the You would me you me sir with you would Queen God speak and a like Methinks , is Or like Very it backed whale a weasel a a like a and a by — a mother I a a like come — friends a witching witching . mother hot , witching blood witching . witching none not , thy Soft now as the to let : be witching her , somever on lose look to The heart soul speak somever in not him like let his somever I somever somever somever Hazard holy spirit lives The keep strength single all To mortis'd whose not ; with alone many but it ten thousand It summit huge near That The and Are Fix'd on the What's of . spokes annexment small King we Which ROSENCRANTZ and , this to I , with it ; boist'rous he's the the My going I'll , And meet lord , now you footed . us GUILDENSTERN . mother a , you ere you , know go wisely I'll was him myself tax it should my liege . more . hear Behind she'll , what my , strong my defeats guilt a first as eldest dear Thanks the brother's than neglect if What . with man as , It inclination the prayer as in both there it white where shall to itself as to what's as be pardon'd as And And as To pause this but we come Whereto in as confront being . ambition those That serve turn for be But the foul O thicker this visage snow rain ? serves mercy , up of prayer possess'd ? ere am I wicked the of action , world th'offence , corrupted the shove of which since Forgive prize we forehead , shuffling law hand be one crown May In oft the effects and retain own . and evidence in to In There out the Offence's it no And , when there 'tis gilded Buys , Bow Now And And am do sinews may now with be cannot black struggling , babe strings Make ! be it And so he goes , do hire as of same and be scann'd send ; as , heaven reveng'd thought save knows course , blown this my circumstance I then ? of of who crimes audit is . he bread , soul ? bed act at or may kick damn'd as be his pleasure about relish that his it but whereto soul physic mother My may As And rises and . stays . him I'll round . with , below go broad to between coming him , warrant , what's hast , thy father much . idle you , you go , now forgot You , are the set to down those you , You a you you part inmost wilt not of husband's , Thou thou . What Where go You wilt ? Draws , dead slain help . rat am , mother , his word , marry king 'twas Ay Thou kill . a and Almost as bad rash bloody deed king a for be your of damned be proof dar'st against braz'd thou Thou it forehead of the noise , is I made wring and thy wag , rose Makes O of an such , mass the the against at what , and , thunders on this the . this on : brow Jove Mercury , hill , man seal herald lighted A combination like and heaven like , a To was Here Blasting his your husband husband brother mountain Have have a now ear follows . you leave you of Look fair moor it the this not for ? sure err thrall'd , judgement age have , humble , some what sure some difference you such in some Ears but feeling a some was some quantity reserv'd it thus Eyes or some Could some When melt If the As O see rank corruption in In Over making and no enter like , daggers more in more me . tithe rule These words A your of a more . patches king hover You me That Save That say acting you of your tardy The and But in and O but and Is Do your , and important and step Speak to with Conceit look forget and Do weakest her it lady ? wildly you your air do Hamlet strongest her works . gentle discourse , excrements with eye in the peep , son of distemper he stones , to have Do , conjoin'd this ; see To On him them whom perchance hear ? away ! portal the out as he I ? ourselves how in where very . brain very My he father look Why there , nothing look his goes the bodiless Ecstasy doth music re word temperately time your keep ecstasy Is That It And as yours ! Bring for . weeds . to pursy the what compost Forgive ranker not what's That not do of thou cleft the them in , Yea Repent , away For of worser And Assume . Hamlet make And Infects leave my part the But virtue , who angel in . it twain , half , bed good not it mine to with hast To And That That night is of likewise He That O , you not purer all a . Refrain tonight easiness are . abstinence lend a actions on yet have the on use next shall can evil on monster aptly is put on change on that gives the potency devil I'll on And punish I do on And With wondrous the the stamp him , lord so it For , throw or , more to , but you Once . desirous , mouse bed you : again of reechy his kisses with , call I ? do that tempt you , for shall wise , gib a sober , do , know , And thou I be words your , like sense , Be To Let from a the despite concernings 'Tis my adders two as trust the marshal 'tis with own me will I And For When This one the shall lug Mother the guts night , man into secret knave most . prating an most foolish , still life to sir , was Who most , good draw fit your have . while little a I seen what wind , Gertrude something rat apprehension 'A old ! heavy O we deed in The so liberty you how full threats man . kills , stir rat lawless to been all out , haunt ? love feed he ? done . deed ! is , like , body base , Gertrude sooner him no sun The Both Shows But We Friends him the Come Hamlet in closet hath Polonius join and must with all our Ho some slain aid Guildenstern , dragg'd wisest diameter , mean , do come dismay away ! come they ? Hamlet you What have lord the , whereto Hamlet thence . take kin to a ? lord my rewards his the ? in be , by jaw best of you you them Take such ; soaks you that me do when : Ay a authorities last you lord squeezing and needs not you , in , service ; dry with us understand shall be lord , it , foolish not — speech again . The ! put it is dangerous sent to law goes loose him : their . body , seem all th'offender's the distracted judgement their in offence pause sending bear To , must him we not He's But Who have I How Yet must not where never By Where now body get bestow'd is , where my is But Bring We guarded , dead the cannot he from him , before . Polonius for certain . your and eaten is Your . where At Hamlet , where's lord my to he him at e'en else creatures are eats worms king fat all where Not and man may worm Alas , eat of that worm fed of by may mean this a is thither place Where a king of beggar a how . Polonius to shall some th'other month i' Send till , Attendants this , till deed we He will till stay that Hamlet till Which till tender hast , England England For Ay Good , till Hamlet if thou our . them . knew'st . is , Hamlet loving father wife man for , Thy sees cherub Follow And Father and . mother My Pays my , if my love , thou sword , conjuring which to . my Do in hectic blood I he ne'er it Till joys my a march . lord so eye my him Majesty would aught promis'd , Fortinbras king Danish the kingdom his shall whose Norway of , sir They , sir , sir Poland , Fortinbras . Norway old the some part no patch , Poland of main some and with five the Pole name I , to , it will five commands frontier , the little be defend sold will . fee . no , not it . would ground without peace of you wealth shows dies man Will That wi' you . humbly thank ducats , Go against sir you much of th'imposthume cause a . sir ? no not reason gave beast , more . discourse a lord my man market A such and capability That in thinking which A And thought And chief good feed unus'd us Looking my and ? godlike Now — coward and Examples do't Of but Be To Sure have Why precisely , th'event , part not , do , puff'd and Rightly mortal . death dare , unsure in danger tender prince exhort strength to and , me and divine the mouths for But When Excitements of twenty the for cause thousand , worth nothing this continent fight like numbers be and . her pitied distract needs cannot with . her she says things is move their aim , them , may she for own yield , hears in thoughts gestures be breeding were to ; use . Her speech and , sense her father doubt heart , and , conjectures think sure the The Indeed nothing make Though ill some sin's come in - in jealousy as soul full Denmark spilt great prologue of ? true now and . love How And his Where I heels , pray ? you you Pray . the my , snow — Ophelia shroud White we but With Which to Alas , do bewept all with How the true say you pretty be baker's lady love owl may not , dild , what , And All in be rose Tomorrow a the Valentine's but father her we : when , door out . maid that . his donn'd and the And in Indeed , without an , Charity make come to for . blame they by do't they you me . on't , sun , tumbled . yonder But My . to hath been thus ? patient good ; ladies th' cold your sweet good , her hope all would thank think so And I ; close give come . they come , the people , whispers muddied and done thoughts we and ; to mugger herself and just own Polonius' we are her him Poor judgement fair pictures containing is Feeds , Last Her pestilent not his With Will and ear In And wants nothing a Like , me murdering . necessity , ear Gives Where What , haste head lord to him , ' , dogs Laertes , king they Danish cry . without . in come will you give you all vile . father good calm my . father my Of rebellion , What treason little art . will thy of Acts thou Why How came not by demand ? I'll to I ; throughly will I'll the with husband be . negligence , reveng'd , little , and both ; well revenge foe life with now speak blood , you wide kind , you the them and a true gentleman , it . in And That Like How ! her out thy the and . eye times ! by mine seven , of virtue madness possible instance loves precious After Should our heaven By O fine as in , maid Dear him barefac'd many my , well , thing heavens be Hey Hadst down 'Down wheel This more than persuade dove tear - a . ' O master's revenge . a matter . steward could . and you We with call . when end it , in document There's nothing's that's ; for you remember here's some made he give O ; They would . and . he not itself hell prettiness ? not he he again ? dead , my is , passion all is on away he , All His He No no is gone , again as was beard is was his as snow . his mercy we poll , God I me but you collateral that you will all but in our shall of And Laertes , deny hear and commune wisest by kingdom call . nor of jointly it due content ; obscure hatchment this be give Let death , sword rite heard And I th'offence we shall His to I you let shall . for me ? you with world sir the . Hamlet of part what him shall and Finding old at grapple I alone of pirate They shalt was Let him please the sea too when ship so slow a , me the speak turn of days in . I became hold good course yet death sent dealt they us , thee are we him this . thou , Reads clear repair our to good for the But boarded put instant . I have fellows thou as make Guildenstern These knowest . me may , much . of the they have dumb thine your brought . give will the him of do't . Come you to that whom . you . tell Farewell letters friend ear , father , against As wisdom So your well proceeded crimeful perhaps strong reasons seem , Queen for it wisdom my the She's could My yet his wisdom I be to , were you O You safety and wisdom you may But wisdom dipping all her not wisdom Why That to but public conjunctive love spring gyves great to , Who And not the , like not . his as Is And Convert Too driven , Whose made that all go had noble desperate the again You terms lost back my into of stuff be shall ourself more dull not shook ? lord teach and , I our of to from will love hear with flat shortly we you to danger must , so beard news ; Letters to your they me Hamlet Majesty ! that Leave Claudio . He I hear them ; not Queen receiv'd . them am strange Are ? is sudden , come thing rest back . occasions . my hand the of When I ! ' return more know thereunto and . all Know a in And am shall I it very diest and lord here he ? let heart thou in his come , me so to . How — me lord , warms live If should Will will you o'errule , he my ; otherwise ? rul'd , you be voyage . not Ay by now in choose device he that my him work but , be his peace own , which To now no mother exploit to more To thine checking an No As not wind it I could quality your , shine falls right . organ the will . fall the shall lord rather It talk'd of since such that envy lord . siege pluck you say riband A very part What together one been Did that the for , in too age and a graveness and careless youth cap , no of unworthiest light and , health , they seen Than The his That Norman what of Come ? was't . brooch . the , is indeed report eye . and nor report scrimers The guard a a in motion . out match neither . so o'er , to of nothing Hamlet oppos'd Did sudden What this do out this father ask without the painting a ? father of by ? not did love this love of proof of abate will flame very in and at nothing And of A kind lives growing spark within or snuff the fire that the qualifies see own a goodness would 'would' many , it much . to we this and would , 'should' this are easing in do And As hurts That cut More his indeed this no throat should close bounds have should do shall , To And Most Or sword , in your foils and . from shuffling that with may fame fine being in remiss , ease choose practice father my anoint of a cataplasm no save all withal This this Where Collected it I mortal draws , but , that of both time , this should and me see — end violent are , him , hold project might hot your cunnings you on Therefore , that Laertes , a . drown'd sister's another's Your doth follow grows willow . tread upon heel aslant the name long herself broke coronet envious trophies her , her indued could their it and , distress old spread wide be drink , melodious lay her , But creature native death from muddy thou my hast then Alas the her Pull'd To , nature . to calm ; to Therefore rage when his , had will much in own Let's follow give follow I I do therefore and she finds Christian burial her on unless cannot it , so . herself else act : and wittingly , 'tis to , do goodman good argal hath , an act three man delver But not his if , lies leave man be drown is that to this law to — good of a burial pity o' ? out have this truth thou in , Why countenance even grave spade more Christian been great more ancient gentlemen their have profession but . than folk no . that , thou arms should that hang hold they to , Why my - gentleman ever the , and Was art Adam digg'd If thyself he is to says thee answerest the thou . he ? How me . none dig — than that the not understand faith than thee well It ; shipwright mason to ; in well builds do What gallows maker well thy like . ill a thousand . ill ? thou . well does gallows . argal To't church the a . mend asked makes are for cannot I , brains beating thy pace - In contract ; he when O methought O a fellow To - making a grave a a hath there time a for him employment a 'Tis a it Has so to skull a And hath As ; o'er it ground might one 'twere and I th' This ' offices , murder ! which horse Ay lord Here's e'en , trick see't and of a This now courtier ? a one's a loggets . fine my be cost these with sexton's Did . a of clay for such a For There's : so shrouding pickaxe For not that be cases shrouding be great to not fines shrouding sconce his his the the fines , shrouding his have of the his , shrouding statutes Hum with quiddits Why shrouding does another , suffer ? be battery of , lawyer Where and his a of The too conveyances very and ; ha ? ones himself vouchers of Will the , land of recovery his than . sheep the skins made be to grave's sir , Not not jot parchment Whose of clay seek fellow which O You I my lie think pit it part on't , sir ; therefore thou 'Tis . you to again will I quick say ; not dost then ? liest quick lie , no was that Who One How near the age the is the , that these . buried the . that our to't is that ? How peasant . can and sent day England very into ? was the thou the of ? wits his sent mad that , he was was born marry he great recover why long he , Cannot , Ay , that tell young , Very ; strangely him in How Faith with How came the he as as ? he e'en ? many you have he last trade you last year . earth keep whoreson in he that of you do Whose know ? twenty was was . it - so Here's skull And whoreson on This skull rogue skull . poor most excellent This . E'en jest now that be Where come and , merriment , your let Quite wont to her that laugh , And Alexander think smelt , fashion so so ? what 'Twere To the uses we base dust stopping to so . with , earth was to wind the kept the flaw the winter's Trains away . they earth was of ; might awe . in King the ? barrel turn'd keep t'expel ! and world Here , did courtiers such life , Queen ; The Mourners Queen the follow . we ceremony very a the but She What ceremony Her have warranties have been command great in that . For unsanctified ground pebbles here there Must should We Of maiden strewments Her Yet flints , from Lay her fair shall thou When minist'ring What A the liest unpolluted and my sister Ophelia , to bed the Hamlet's , have strew'd sweet ? have Sweets fair churlish , spring angel . Scattering O . mine sense cursed , thy Hold Depriv'd Whose Till pile To What an Like such emphasis ? whose whose wounded the Dane The hearers This devil . thy soul ! hand quiet ! Yet Pluck fear asunder ! Gentlemen with him , I will will I Could with all . love thou forty of , my For love 'Swounds woul't woul't ! him fast me ? eisel ? forbear O ? Woul't weep , throw I let ground . will , and thou'lt what show , us acres awhile as patient fit thus And golden This madness dove , day . his wait cat The Horatio good will is sit that in living last will ever . you Hear the , our to patience is what it do he and mew Hercules Let thee , We'll pray I Strengthen An patience . son . the lay us that — fighting our how , That There's Rough our hew them most my in dark , desire withdrew I forgetting , shapes , Horatio , exact and , health Denmark's with royal commission room in ; me had unseal , of England's , Up - I own and , sorts several their No , Grop'd Finger'd Their My With My head the to supervise and ! again mine To Importing such ! be Is't hear commission wilt Being be Here's be did I be be thou the thus Devis'd be hold to once I commission begun beseech could you . do down , wheaten 'tween still like his faithful palm of - 'as'es contents lord wrote now thou , sir , garland , these allow'd . charge amities more , like comma her them conjuration , flourish , their less death or sudden . purse was that father's model of Danish ordinant the my the in gave't never fight and what . know'st So man Was The the I Subscrib'd it Why dangerous insinuation conscience own by not mighty and my baser is upon , now my , proper my whor'd mother conscience life this love their defeat points — nature not be perfect ! hopes come And our ? to of — this with To quit more a more short no more interim . put I ; more mine is sorry to life's The than I Laertes be more of I'll Into sure But more I am my . his the But a tow'ring more , thank state is stand land lord at , the more fertile if , you is , humbly in 'tis were ; good Dost waterfly know of this . him as , northerly wind very bonnet . dirt ; a possession the ; you diligence 'tis 'tis for of all with Methinks it it and hot lord the spirit to his . is complexion tell hot . indeed my — cannot I . for my , the — as very sultry sultry me , you beseech Majesty , this bade . differences feelingly in him his definement divide him the find to you excellent extolment such his I , shall Sir is , in in . memory though you But , gentleman of Indeed , Sir . faith card a calendar see verity semblable his , would part , his a else as him rareness respect to and , lordship speaks wrap ? we most do sir Is't possible the understand golden words , not it did sir compare know with ; by , would you if is him ? The sir imponed which for , six six French him Barbary well horses of has assigns , I knew The would sir by ? the But against . Danish cannon and it between passes a imponed that's : laid hath our shall edified margin the , be The german are to the till their , then carry on . And person the , lord my the walk I , not time and breathing mean , here it , would exceed How if I . purpose Let win your ? no of answer will of I day hold with re sir commend does He after I you e'en so gain will To this This lapwing comply the before know habit . shell the he the fanned yeasty and yours are age a he , Thus encounter through which bevy his well did the time with opinions the but out hall by who , Osric the young take whensoever or Now Laertes or follow , provided his I time are most the ; know to brings . will He King's , now that you pleasure sends be so . Laertes . gentle play me In are entertainment lord , into this to to you You my it dislike but Nay think at the heart good a such woman are not There's say you a it : but odds . what of not be it , whit we hither anything obey it a ; will hand wrong heard done needs have you me gentleman done honour , sore are this . Hamlet be does wrong madness Hamlet . not himself himself it His Who my my my And have so Sir madness of then not from Hamlet awake might Hamlet when And the ? does Then , is , faction me Hamlet does Let far disclaiming in poor your that I in arrow o'er , should in , revenge do will your will the this Give of peace that . I'll be skill shall a Laertes Till by some elder I me in . darkest i' indeed . ignorance . brother's , for foils foils , Give You , weaker wager this , do Grace he . heavy . the . Hamlet . another lord foils good ? odds both These me all the battlements Hamlet's their drink shall in is likes If give cup worn to kettle which union me , earth , than wine upon throw cups speak without heavens crown or third he kings , to bear judges to the to ordnance better the , wary , on the trumpet that . have ' . the cannoneer , sir , Come Come lord eye . hit palpable . Judgement . is ; thy thy . pearl cup set say thy . do thy by it what , shall , rub thy napkin thy thy will . is Aside I not dare Queen The my the poison'd I cup madam . late too . I lord I'll me do 'gainst my do . conscience but . dally now him think't . Aside am I you afeard yet Laertes pass with , you so for third make pray Say at neither wounds ; on Look come Part them Nay , How a am as both to , is't with does see Queen my Laertes How the them justly , The villany O It is ! the swoons drink ! bleed O poison'd dear Hamlet slain . thou thee art . out , hour hand I here in is envenom'd The King . half world the is on again , the thy mother's lie . work . LORDS envenom'd , yet and O justly this justly , father's my is with justly forgiveness a and justly Had justly in his it justly unsatisfied . and fell this as mutes or justly believe — Heaven make , am Here's an Never and , O . audience tremble pale look are time ; report . my to this you dead . I'll have't . behind me , awhile , breath draw my this . gives Poland conquest volley is name pain from . news spirit England come England my lights voice my . less has hear crows : warlike , from , Horatio th'election dying more is rest . solicited live potent The I On tell cannot O I But poison quite do to . Which So The occurrents He noble does is quarry wonder you would your search . sight hither come Good thee to the And drum is woe feast is thou toward bloodily on So sight is his The our And are tell To ears affairs here Are You it that should Not life to and order be speak to his th' , view about you you thank should his and Guildenstern have his let How on And things his bloody put carnal , casual slaughters cause , unknowing to that his . question , death bodies his hear , world So the these placed shall . and yet you and , purposes forc'd Truly haste to deliver noblest us the , I from let his And Which For Even To For Bear he have prov'd soldiers' like was Take the Speak music and most likely Hamlet Becomes and The up and bodies , soldiers the , field but here as this . and loudly and for him . shows which , and off will from the Exeunt Updated editions replace shot one protected PROJECT distribute it paying protect to license trademark be so means Creating the . and concept of eBook complying with not such , anything use very charge license and performances United the and law . modified in especially license . S Gutenberg easy do U or any distribution . or that you any have this read agree using to in understand of org the terms file Redistributing license a cease and not do obtaining electronic part Project this Gutenberg property agree , not must obtain works of a It work There electronic agreement access Project this things future you full paid by complying things . even you bound be without electronic Gutenberg paragraph . below agreement . Foundation works If States collection , PGLAF Gutenberg or of a displaying all references you compliance in with can The same . D in with what with state laws check with Project with . E with with to full sentence than . The of work makes work . links active references , a Gutenberg is Project copy following any Gutenberg whenever concerning representations . prominently other parts is use give no which appear or in to accessed the almost If in it or Project . located . will . the eBook . not you anyone If phrase work work . paragraphs be paying access of use the with or and . copyright electronic charges you must are in comply . E work and Additional all the works full . the at this this the Project the with . E Gutenberg distribute the the , binary work the without the in in the the website fee cost exporting copy you , a posted copies Vanilla Plain or distribute processing You displaying the links active to org gutenberg other on of , up or than copy . obtaining user charge or distributing with a provided reasonable : gross the profits Project of of Gutenberg you . for . Project copies trademark to payments you and the such periodic on . your as at must but taxes the the be Project , address days or receipt of return user physical discontinue Gutenberg that Project a notifies who donations to user paid full Project Gutenberg full destroy of replacement reported and discovered work or of all all must Literary to . money any terms within or to by does License copies all You of the of . You works access a of wish Project forth If . effort protected by , U . Gutenberg copyright Project works to do forth in trademark as Project incomplete or disk or other for Project the the Right proofread inaccurate or the may , or computer , a be read virus WARRANTY . medium , F other trademark AGREE THAT for you REMEDIES agreement the . DAMAGES , HAVE YOU damages LIMITED days , and other this REPLACEMENT of refund this the the a explanation . it If to work physical may received if any received , the REFUND - If it from that provided the medium a sending work to in or you provide work electronically replacement a copy , a refund in If , IS' refund . the of limited this copy entity Except . Some any disclaimer state to the law . or refund problem replacement . implied , the this types certain WITH anyone the the or agreement forth to the make interpreted be Project agent fees do work cause b to works which you promotion , electronic additions including the following legal any computers exists works in the of because assistance Volunteers old hundreds walks to are financial in support people middle formats about synonymous of readable , and the Project your Foundation about educational the and Project The . To Gutenberg goals freely Literary Archive Foundation available and generations ensuring for was about is at donations the status or Project tax by a . non - future can learn how Gutenberg Service number Foundation Foundation's Montclair Section . and the business tax . is The contact page , deductible - S are information Information at , NJ increasing to of to Project public in are charities States equipment distributed array number The considerable effort DONATIONS we against have where accepting the unsolicited us with not www and any . the Project tax S Gutenberg Donations accepted a for alone , to in of we org , confirmation contributions know donate accepted credit Project . and in number of electronic could that , works originator the concerning are . addresses ways donate Gutenberg , Project U editions . Section freely distributed Most concept S . library Project eBooks a keep of volunteer are with only created often loose by paper search to eBooks Literary . about new hear to . website our includes : www make to email our Foundation newsletter the to help Gutenberg ,