, answer there me and Stand ! King . cold heart . sick to your upon relief you guard , Marcellus quiet stirring good and them make haste , 'Tis ? bid . meet , is ho good place farewell hear Stand you ? the to Friends And I my Say you ! reliev'd . again , of thing have nothing ? Horatio . Holla With to sight , twice him minutes entreated apparition again watch let belief I , appear'd Horatio , Welcome Therefore our , Tush dreaded I if take Horatio Touching the says Well us approve may He What And eyes it . to , story awhile fortified two That are let let Last that's , one sit hear Had Peace bell course . figure The Look the When same his break , same thee King ; art would be not harrows It the Question a it Thou In and charge form buried of and to this time me Horatio majesty heaven offended . speak warlike fair of night Denmark , speak away I not look , speak , and You more gone this How Is now my Before Is As was art he he own sensible the it the he the , before He Such But martial twice very armour King thyself to When , strange and gross what particular by know not hour , he to me observant the of knows , watch ; of the nightly And Thus In whose sore : week sweaty mart And now toils same the in This of divide cast such this sit bodes strict implements toward down daily foreign and . King us Our ; with I . emulate , war cannon of , this the day last pride , our a appear'd by which known of ; by , of valiant most now even on Fortinbras seal'd , heraldry by who ; ratified stood Which Well , Against which King To Had the by , a moiety cov'nant ; Fortinbras the Fortinbras those him Hamlet esteem'd and compact lands , here lawless mettle a food unimproved of some there those unto our state , of . Is For Of , of main watch and e'en so and take , King the like land the preparations , foresaid strong to , diet and That this source his And As doth of us , chief it : head portentous haste sort that other - figure . streets the and mind's moist sheeted , eye these so watch palmy of and empire stands dews mightiest trouble high little Did The squeak and stood ere is mote it the stars gibber tenantless to the In the most trains Upon But I'll , cross it thou , soft Have Unto behold blast it omen coming countrymen and earth the the with , star events , and grace , voice illusion me of use me our hast Speak do thou If If any privy thou the uphoarded walk earth thy in womb spirits , of Marcellus , in , Stay O , to me ! speak hast Stop , they of For Do I it . treasure Shall if , it ! my 'Tis here ! stand ? partisan violence invulnerable , We For it is the , hies the like , thing the his made the faded This or of then Upon cock Awake It And Doth god To Some It and Saviour's spirit stir long , throat sounding at probation cock comes . time or herein . air , mantle it . abroad ; celebrated season the dawning birth on our , crowing ever night eastward seen him . clad power dare , strike . planets . do morn the , I hallow'd and so gracious and have my life it duty . know with to , advice , pray The To Yet To bear memory contracted one . state him , With Have auspicious and with to as in scale , and this sister sometime we so hearts sorrow of now . on warlike dropping dirge , marriage , death brother's and of defeated joy barr'd our herein and nor 'twere freely Fortinbras all dole eye one ourselves think our , we have weighing For , advantage his pester surrender with be dream of dear brother's worth ; better With affair hath To Thus most by Lost Our state a follows this Your Taken to Now Holding Or wisdoms , which , old , Cornelius , this and and To For bearers good subject and herein nephew's his full ; impotent To much Norway , Who In and suit what's the , VOLTEMAND Voltemand here Norway than show articles , allow more commend will things heartily farewell , be not What reason news . of Laertes all of . more of throne the more instrumental the , Laertes asking mouth to thou wouldst is head You lose doubt it ? to though Dread is not voice you . Laertes the thou wouldst offer Denmark cannot The That And Than shall to and willingly coronation duty toward leave that done Denmark France , have lord to my in I thy to ; France pardon , bend gracious says slow leave Polonius . thine to wrung , lord my , Do Hamlet it little my hour at , Hamlet fair , more , cast for thy ever in thy with , eternity common to all am much is How . lord my , nighted clouds on than sun . hang you . seems particular nature vailed dust must good customary madam Why If so alone Nor not Nay seems , Nor the dejected of with . mother . show ; passeth These shows of , seem might suits trappings the commendable , lost you father obstinate filial stubbornness obsequious To sweet I But and but These obligation your to some a mourning , his the your father incorrect mind unschool'd ; common , heaven grief But , sorrow 'Tis condolement . to term a course , as opposition nature theme to our cried , world think let immediate ; less love throne take of you pray and nobility our of father the school , to earth : and remain Wittenberg For dearest toward which And You you thee chiefest Let you stay mother Our you in not I you pray Why you , ourself unforc'd heart my in gentle you obey a fair . accord Denmark in you ; that health jocund earthly the heaven clouds drinks whereof , bruit Come away King's the shall Madam Hamlet today best my all loving and the No smiling had God of unprofitable O God ! dew a . the , Thaw How His speaking . cannon again . into itself too 'tis , uses ! rank an should , not loving to come this mother this not ! earth and of would on of , much the she yet had appetite thy hang grown ! him : was so might ; beteem roughly not satyr a a excellent to That little what fed A Let By she on't month ! have But which With Niobe My Horatio , do well lordship for to cannot speed month tongue ! see or The your I to is I same , myself servant , Sir make But you do know you of affair ear own . Wittenberg sir ? funeral - father's depart mother's your in no deep , ere my wedding . see , Horatio was came to it Nor bak'd in foe it thrift , think prithee , drink teach lord My Indeed father My I lord my do it furnish had the met that — mind's my my seen I was the father father my The Season an My With to a your I saw ? father march , walk'd deliver , distill'd , watch , fear , eyes thrice : figure middle on gentlemen night pie . they your father made night of the , in . more knew of - and whilst him true , good . to surprised impart not jelly his Within lord , as to speak These apparition they speak with the thing comes where not speak watch I head up lifted answer , My lord at And 'Tis honour'd very it vanish'd my think did know . our 'tis haste , troubles duty . me BARNARDO but ? and Hold As And do , my lord . this watch the let writ down it of we , MARCELLUS my . you Arm'd , you his lord What , look'd wore . toe lord anger face ? more in Nay , very red or in eyes And constantly fix'd his constantly I much . like very constantly upon you constantly a hundred . there Longer constantly Stay'd . constantly moderate constantly sable seen saw't might one While It constantly , will longer . I when I again will father's it walk tonight silver'd , noble tenable understanding your sight you all . hell conceal'd shall eleven . hap , tonight no not . this twelve requite as mine your ! the : farewell and platform the loves spirit the Farewell earth duty Our Till But let , as the embark'd do from father's My all My is And necessaries ? blood his , benefit . are And me , winds convoy hear in suppliance , and in sweet minute ; lasting ; so youth primy not of , nature sleep , favour , now and not not fashion and a toy ; grow you doth you his persons state that body circumscrib'd whole he choice his health himself weigh'd of service bulk . nature now The and withal The Carve not and far on for is his unvalu'd this as no soil ; is must besmirch , it he further no and to his choice ; will ; and therefore It Than his , ear head sanctity he May Fear keep you of , dear affection of it and my deed voice weigh your And with he his Then Or And the loss of ; is list calumnious infants canker Virtue If it she And galls wary in The Too Be oft best are the then liquid of spring itself Out itself and I blastments though good But . of dew . brother , strokes , keep else . treads good none my pastors this safety to Youth As not to shall And wind stay'd here The Yet Occasion stay O blessing But here is leave shoulder Give thy thoughts familiar thou Nor thou Look them do Of Those And sits Laertes Be any , hast may thou But each may Grapple may each man Bear't may Of a th'opposed may ; not buy few of friend any . may . own thine both : all Thou : my lord servants self husbandry be lender the day , and to lock'd my The yourself said , tend well . my you , in Ophelia I What Most do my canst Farewell And the . Lord ? you shall memory key said you ; be of Given free bethought : touching hath very to private Have it behoves honour to you you I put late something Hamlet bounteous me the . a his in Pooh you ! Of , way it is hath between He Affection lord Give truth , and so . tell clearly , caution not you , for you you sterling know , Unsifted You to late ? of circumstance you like , speak my believe not ; a pay phrase fool love of yourself true , think , tenders poor the with honourable it hath a . you'll tender my I'll , you'll , hath fashion you'll know , soul you'll you'll , time you'll the making you'll , lord my speech heaven , both , Lord he , are for their a much scanter of , your . a entreatments command must , But to : time , forth brokers ; is at of like better not Have in I your ways , investments pious is all show unholy which implorators plain sanctified and , moment this . cold air it not it . his and shrewdly bites ; is now . his tonight wassail and doth as What ? I No What Indeed The Keeps Wherein and draughts wake The , kettle King And Ay born headed revel east nations : of than it a of trumpet pledge ? and and it a , native here custom ; I honour'd That our though though though From though though The by of else the As infinite as be or Fortune's as pure though — men are nature of wherein of his particular in choose some though too stamp the , man take corruption , comes it lord my a with Bring Be thou grace charitable evil doubt of . ministers airs from of , Look Angels spirit or from defend health questionable blasts shape Hamlet tell answer , steel , his we their Have horridly Revisit'st night So burst thy a ! sepulchre the quietly glimpses hideous ? the we the , this in ! dead is cast , Making to Wherefore you it this . to you what by no will ; not then with courteous . it ? that my should can thing And It What I not if tempt the summit base his dreadful And very Without That looks more so follow sea . it sea , reason ? Think other deprive The And Go You Hold on , I'll still hears It . lord . roar . the to your , your waves me go not hands go your . you out artery nerve this lion's , Nemean your call'd And your your your your makes as petty Unhand ghost Go imagination . the gentlemen . will to away say , heaven . him . go let's direct of . follow . me I hour My Whither me lend unfold What when To art I bound serious ! hear spirit , hear fast to done day the for Doom'd certain am thy term ? a the away secrets a the crimes of harrow Till . that But soul ; freeze - prison whose Make And walk the forbid young their part stand locks start thy in to for foul burnt To my lightest blood fires unfold tale confin'd in nature my from porpentine hair . and his didst blood hair the upon this quills particular thy and And hair O hair Murder this most in strange unnatural unnatural ! hair as Revenge I , hair thoughts of my the is ; as most be I May foul , As Murder foul that sweep duller itself , forged a me in this . on apt find Is given Rankly A Wouldst And ease thee than Lethe weed wharf fat the Hamlet my my death ear noble Denmark . beast traitorous shameful there his to soul prophetic , youth ! So From That But virtue natural off virtuous mov'd , the have be bed angel celestial will were marriage love won , adulterate that with , gifts most what whose a seeming was gifts morning garbage shape a a in Though wretch her went it as to made a I those of , mine sate though whose a to a cursed always methinks prey hebenon ears effect man a body courses through a doth vigour a blood the sudden a curd And my , most - tetter . like such juice Upon secure my And Holds leperous distilment with it whose ; posset blood vile So about my sent . instant gates and alleys wholesome thin a Most Thus life Cut With thou O horrible reckoning in smooth brother's once disappointed imperfections horrible thee Denmark ; not ! at bosom leave that . And those Fare me be to act incest my thy matin the ; fire lodge heaven , to uneffectual Remember else ; not royal bed of and thou mind mother ; thy , host in nor howsoever ; soul well his ; hell couple And And O 'gins to pale ; Hold not grow , heaven you But thou me I shall of ! up , while . fie globe away this . stiffly poor you Ay In That thy book all copied shall ; my alone villain tables may I smile . one is uncle sure 'Adieu matter with My least am , most the And of , baser Within Unmix'd All O So I HORATIO . there it , That smile I smiling it set be Now be and in to remember , lord My and At It , be Lord , boy ! lord him , ho , Come come my secure Heaven , news wonderful ho my ho , bird my my ? my — it my . my , my , an villain But HORATIO by a he's think heaven by I be of and , right so Ay dwelling . arrant no There's , I'll and shall circumstance desire pray . all right , own more tell my lord come in But . the at this , shake hands from knave To Why it , as us you You Such as it is ; man and no Patrick , There's wild you , heartily whirling business hath , every Look , It as may , that let me here , Give you is't , We lord known What we , Never , And are me . know , to friends you scholars . in not ? you My . will swear't but HORATIO and MARCELLUS not faith Swear ? truepenny . lord my lord indeed Art . the this hear , boy , Never Propose , et the swear my , to Consent to of to Well Beneath ? mole Canst . have sword , night old Once more work but your in a this you , are Than Here strange dreamt more are , There And A With arms How before heaven of as As 'If That you encumber'd at thus seeing this could or ; to list 'Well , As , antic disposition myself , never - help most — out 'There me 'We : Swear at me and if , would' . me to you So . Swear know such of and aught a love was your , And May And rest , The this Give time willing still That will inquiry , to shall Before , first very did wisely behaviour Of lord you My Marry they What me who ; do your this as company how By 'I particular , you mark my lord . nearer it touch ; are Danskers know well Enquire and , keep finding , 'not , say you , will expense son my encompassment Than thus him' know and may this , but he dishonour such , As But if't , are companions and noted you and , As To But wanton Ay would that , go , so fencing and wild heed none so rank known and that of ? his liberty to but quaintly mind faults in it ; may put is : the open breathe incontinency on the charge . so , far must That they The That may savageness That's flash A good outbreak You my Of 'twere , lord — that . sound crimes be consequence 'gentleman' Of closes , 'Good sir laying He You sir By , was At 'closes What about 'gentleman . phrase this guilty of breathe you youth The the to man and consequence something I was to At say At , was or , say say mass the or say 'closes with thus so 'friend He Or I say with you in , say ' consequence' such in's gentleman , say , advice , I well of and this forth or : such indirections do bait enter so lecture me and . have fare yourself lord Observe his my him Well . lord , lord My Farewell music , the lord And let ply his . chamber in of ? the was with his and And , have Ophelia Alas Pale upon , now , lord To if his look had shirt , took the not but piteous knocking each out before purport in comes brow profound down , love and length he face , turn'd sigh a to me such goes He Then And , thrice he would rais'd did . the last find with He This For is Whose go over And , And oft over And to o' out end done over his bulk me seek to will he doors the to over being his very violent over his his way light love . over of their go itself undertakings heaven desperate our will property any natures him you have afflict , I His hath . him access made better him with I fear'd heed mad given does That lord but letters beshrew . thee is known must This And am did repel we go , Come opinions the he our age jealousy judgement and ourselves sort you did long sending we More to Welcome Rosencrantz we , Our hasty dear . provoke see and use it inward it , death was that his cannot The . so nor should you man hath himself thus of entreat up , both put with be companies glean him remedy of to by so than More gentlemen , there are good lies much not living of us and If time shall the As visitation show whom And As For Your he Might command obey both ourselves . supply To in your commanded full visit you of to gentle gentlemen , instantly Rosencrantz . Hamlet some make our and and To . and lord my return'd Are Pleasant and helpful Th'ambassadors from to amen joyfully , Norway the ? duty else my , my soul : mine liege good gracious of that lunacy policy sure found of to and lord Assure as or trail that been my Both I my to think cause that to , them found bring and all . he son's your that . I Hamlet's — that but we ! my grace fruit the in . desires and to marriage of source and head father's Say It be a levies first Fortinbras which ; his before vow give His sickness arms with overcome from rebuke Makes old Receives On To And his commission , hand in his But Upon Was With an before thousand to , quiet , fee shown : enterprise this for down and to , Norway he in fine those against as So set of safety further in joy Polack . Majesty the employ allowance well well we'll thank our your we Answer On Through might regards it please As such your Were Why And , is day should for feast took business : well to duty of son define else mad is mad , ended . but . art . madness soul Your brevity be tediousness call I it brief to nothing that art true comes . I 'tis , farewell is us and remains duty and remainder by And then true , More And But let Mad For rather That Or in : a vile phrase have and whilst . A remains mine is have she the , defective him grant find say this Thus have I an ill phrase my to have , and but Hamlet have ; awhile Good have Doubt But have To the celestial dear Thine But that I most best never I most , best these to sun I ? her not Adieu . and But how by above ill love more given All ? honourable do so prove had I this But . what love tell on , it , time And out , means , place , wing faithful hot the you might what must When would fain your desk me this ? is That And Hamlet she , he done , then into a to . resort his advice , this fast tale into thence a the should no a sadness — be must Which And Thence Thence I I of did out then fruits , Into to a prince messengers And herself receive her gave tokens fain likely he . very think said a such may all And a the , we 'tis you Do wail for indeed hid will I further we , Within is How You know Take circumstances lead this . that Not , me were . though find the truth hid it the lobby my daughter then he an her fall'n behind from not be a you encounter . assistant in does indeed . try may So and his thereon , him . love reason loose such But look presently do At Be I . reading . Lord good . does leave both , you me know Do , are my poor beseech him Well well , fishmonger lord . Honest were my You , honest be sir sun in being kissing man picked good one be is ? so . lord , as man , daughter blessing my . extremity much Conception daughter Have sun i' you at to again suffered him Words speak I'll . How not I may a on words ? lord read Between . in ; by that he I is . do He that . matter For . sir ; potently you Slanders with yourself . most yet ; that believe weak Though . this you be old , not a says satirical are should madness Aside , hams . sir they o' air delivered so it hold I gum tree be out prosperously be that not honourable You backward , replies out A are Indeed life me take most , well tedious ; my willingly more and my my Lord seek you my except I take humbly old the Polonius . God save , life , life except honoured friends ! How dear dost Ah , Guildenstern both ye do thou ! is earth ? very shoe lord the of , privates we secret the Then Faith that favours ? strumpet . me your , news her , my of her true honest friends is ; is a ? to hither hands more lord prison world the , my sends you , the question grown world's , have the a many th' one are being , for so not one ; me is my . confines wards . dungeons bad . prison , lord worst nutshell not ambition for the count myself a substance your good a either is I To nothing too have and very of the quality is dream bad dreams king . are shadows Truly ambition but airy of itself ? to hold ROSENCRANTZ Shall speak such to you will of in so , beggars our you , friendship you way honest not wait I lord in thanks , sort and We'll what occasion you , visitation ? lord , speak . there is craft not ? Elsinore you man an like even with own visit am , that dear justly . to enough colour to confession of , teach , ever withal by the love But I say my me end which good . anything , preserved or direct more dear the of love me hold you If with by of To you fellowship what , conjure , by youth let for . you . were . better ? whether your . this that all with heavily all anticipation lost and ; eye Guildenstern To ; frame , seems so mirth forgone I you sent moult no feather disposition o'erhanging , in and brave sterile prevent goes , custom goes , reason to no beauty action goes of promontory fire me . the , nor so goes to god a like how man is work in , goes angel an dust ? goes of of the , thing than foul golden , a And earth , how noble this And neither : admirable And . woman what is , And seem , moving And laugh then not . coming And , say And delights ? I man thoughts in We to his his — shall shall the her freely use service what said if they , say those wont Their innovation in reputation Are in and the in residence I late they so they No I hold same inhibition they to it did ? wonted eyases aerie it the , did . out ; they is top grow did estimation Do did afraid berattle rapiers followed when did not the did city ? did . cry dare Will common — their own to succession say many sir fashion , now they not . and escoted as holds money player . cuffs a their ? and so — longer they maintains Who much to the on been unless been them on argument tarre make , like afterwards most on , sin for to bid , do on is not very on mouths O no on is on ; hundred there There more would that fifty him apiece it . picture while a Gentlemen make for his garb fairly welcome . But my is welcome and the - a you Elsinore ceremony . I than mother are deceived you . southerly - That clouts . an for hearer swaddling ear each a you Guildenstern , mad sir Monday them to twice me the morning so child of comes second there and Well is not with be you ; out , Rome is You indeed it . a hither my lord . news came each are lord My I , have tell come lord , The actor are what liberty historical writ Seneca pastoral actor , tragical law of - actor Jephthah O The actor he actor unlimited actor . comical - too Aside . loved the What daughter Still my Jephthah , Why Israel , Am , love that I daughter ? old that well , and on have a follows As For it wot God you more was to am I . my , O good welcome pass chanson What valanc'd since ? Thy . face ! most all in is like not of , thou Com'st The and you piece We'll gold welcome quality a to't . a passionate speech my lord a ring than , Denmark a . ladyship friend , remember never fly God nearer , cracked , Come beard to lady by , see are ! By'r What . such digested for , the in cried play , I speech . have straight . I top as was speech . or not million others lines wholesome speech thereabout live : in it me of your let it One . see ominous did it lay When couched in . total Head is of gules dread this heraldry Now Bak'd and blood With Hath now he as rugged is The To their God vile thus Old spoken proceed , the gore , and with grandsire So Striking father whiff . strikes falls sword . in it Ilium , where , him His antique good you . sword . Anon too my to Priam at short arm wind Then with match'd falls his to ear was neutral like And Pyrrhus Stoops a as often heavens speechless we in as region vengeance rend Aroused The , him death nothing never anon nothing Cyclops' so , the painted tyrant i' the milky to , stick nothing nothing wheel fellies than , strumpet spokes round nothing all the nothing falls on remorse , general thou , As out Out In bowl armour Priam . you heaven of sword ! take Fortune the from her gods power . Hecuba fiends hill . long is , a ; barber's or on queen' A stood rheum up barefoot That's for jig the to He's 'The ! and down queen' , the About late With is threat'ning upon her . then sport limbs saw she instant she her sword his with When if had seen with tongue fear o'erteemed loins , his the gods , lank in her would did all In mincing 'Gainst Who But Fortune's Unless I'll . the you not , no , of at that husband's gods the burning have Would you used After lord have well , you death well My much use after Take them live their honour man to . and their this ? have abstracts out they for the rest Do epitaph every Use . were players well the I will them the them Follow night We'll Dost tomorrow Ay Can hear a sirs set lord study , tomorrow We'll ? lord . play ? you to Elsinore are welcome My Guildenstern friends . well Very or dozen Follow , O it what To till Rosencrantz Ay That his , to But Is A forms her should his a ye . peasant that monstrous not a , working , in so motive ? for suiting aspect function all whole visage wan'd ! speech horrid the he cue the and ? Confound That I have he he Make mad the the faculties amaze the free , appal with ear general The dull John the the for A Who Plucks calls eyes , stage . drown ignorant a muddy nothing breaks it my ? I peak my of ears and dreams No , not king ? across in gives pate I dear gives life most and was me me gives bitter it the my , gives me gall region and for i' face lecherous Oh my to , gives all Bloody ! brain ! a heaven dear father heart very like gives That guilty creatures ! unpack , of vengeance , have oppression make To , slave's offal the bawdy kindless is upon't Fie to have have proclaim'd the of at have , most ! I son a About like a And Have Before know They by so observe his have seen , will players I devil , perhaps power , the play's The . I'll this than me Abuses relative me can me Get me from With me and all no drift on his harshly why you And me he feels of me puts himself by He from Of forward on . confession to by this of confusion of ? cause would Nor with question a find we When free you him demands , players , court we these have are him ? of in to fell way , it did there We o'er hear And on to they him . any They , raught To hear the much and see me all To hear beseech'd ; so him give heart his inclin'd doth matter Of play my , for Gertrude drive we as , us accident . may , too . That so be may Will your your That And good beauties I part : obey suffers , seeing unseen , espials ourselves father Her That , If't And gather Hamlet's Will wish an here . Ophelia may you please this cause happy so your honours way your . Madam That Read , book , this my the be or be 'tis take fortune the : suffer question lord . sleep . rub , may a thousand : to and opposing flesh ache to give Must more end against to the a ? a . dream wish'd and sleep ay natural consummation there's dreams off death , pause be in sleep To heart us calamity whips proud , love and to coil , of man's the , quietus would Who of . makes oppressor's That a who have we When of wrong bear would the and something , bodkin merit insolence he The Thus the of native that others makes And and dread of a his unworthy make life not of we the that ? sweat No Is And o'er with the ! my Be The lose this And Than traveller , make returns country us bear conscience to fly sicklied does remember'd . orisons day in Soft , this , re them My No I , now I aught . you I thank your How you lord , to of . right compos'd , I lord Take My honour'd , you you not them the made And things As words rich so know my when to the noble should have to , beauty than with sooner will force honesty commerce gives beauty . can translate transform discourse ? honesty from you but the inoculate our old . so virtue . loved I a be for of not me , love was I , was thou I . my thee myself it such ambitious to , should What We the Let are ? thoughts that , with offences as your ? Go , between shape them me . of thy to , very I time earth house sweet plague Farewell . play . fellows nunnery them to put shut , this enough farewell thee he may father dost for a , pure I'll go as give O If O another God's on't nickname you . face ; fool nunnery ice , wise men snow Or what . of I'll have live soldier's rest more no shall no more creatures I o'erthrown what , a , You , Those . shall noble tongue , nunnery , reason wretched quite , feature of ladies That Now Like I of observers deject sovereign tune of . unmatch'd have and jangled see seen what with bells The Th'observ'd glass of Blasted That sweet O , woe noble form out seen way , soul his to speed that form on sits and determination tribute I be Will This For it And Thus It Whereon something seas he shall with prevent quick : down danger in of still . well commencement as ? said grief ? you the entreat round with alone her be us What tell it grief from not I'll From shall do . lord , do now How after of , Hamlet Ophelia fit . what his Of But him shall ones where had to it I Nor of you trippingly too torrent very you offends a tear O for in passion gently smoothness pated . and , must , to shows me I players saw , own the let word the ; neither you but modesty playing to hold her you but of the dumb Termagant It the image , cannot this but your allowance the age the , the the ; own is , own mirror overdone Now which , accent . as to the , tame the word I , 'twere pressure and feature make praise others heard pagan well journeymen have having neither , grieve time his , and , made strutted highly there end both at up and and the so so — not and Christians have it , in unskilful and off whole theatre judicious seen Christian thought of profanely than altogether down set . for on those . them some have it reform themselves to in , Will uses , quantity laugh That's some it and villainous to necessary you ready them of be there spectators play . haste hasten . Horatio , lord , the , make and Bid players GUILDENSTERN ! thee cop'd just a man . spirits be flatter'd ? her Dost knee thou pomp poor absurd the hear good I not hast the crook And one A Hast ta'en with that and pipe are . And co Fortune's for so not , please . me finger wear him , of For slave passion's my much heart . circumstance of will Give too near before my father's - soul thy of comment see'st , tonight and well suffers death foot seen ; note speech as ; In after my imaginations will play whilst , rivet . will censure For I are in a his If . the Observe itself damned a is Do And , They Rosencrantz Enter you the I the Well 'scape , my his our the . playing must . the , be I . Guildenstern fares ; this . feed : so ? lord mine th'university crammed How promise That Hamlet ? air mine I these Hamlet answer - I have nor did I I a you part Julius my It did you you my , and , attractive by patience you there . Be th' capital so him . you the Lady To you here's shall in lap mark here's , dear ! ho here's you mean here's I good I here's Ay Do think I you here's a That's think fair , between . lord my maids' legs suit ? forgotten not I'll Then But not a epitaph ; and , within's be lord my , horse man's let wear ago outlive , must great how you your Nay a the . Enter King , lady by'r on with her a a takes Queen declines his The crown Poisoner to The her finds , asleep him , and there's hope O heavens of hobby . off of , lament with of the end some seeming woos of and Queen of lovingly show of She She , and , with returns kisses it miching this shall mallecho away in The but Poisoner in mischief this tell fellow . they Will , know We Belike that You , to are imports of play the us For you him naught hearing your and not any what show or are beg Be : round , sheen borrow'd Tellus' and hath orbed thirties . stooping Is have and the hands did Hymen twelve cart been . moon and be with sacred sun are you cheer you I woe journeys o'er Yet , it your . of love state : holds love , aught fear neither lord hath I , so , fear is you . doubts from , commutual in may ere count me many and , love my For you , my sick , nothing though former must too : behind as kind , made my proof great , grows there : shortly haply this functions , to do one leave are littlest love and little fears leave powers shalt Honour'd In second rest world thou shalt husband , confound needs the thou operant And love None Such wed O . be me but that Wormwood I in none of : forget in ourselves unshaken what , to pay To The What passion violence joy for should our joys joy Their Grief , own question not is most violent Most Of , fruit unripe , mellow the tree , lament strange . change fortune our nor slender fortunes aye ; 'tis not most doth grief yet of ; overthrown contrary , friend a lack still where fates their are do friend mark doth in who great Whether For And For poor hitherto Directly wills lock So thoughts give from heaven . tend his fortune , doth run none I so , is night hope and day to thy Our Nor earth thoughts But repose and die , and cheer anchor's If To here Both 'Tis never . that hence blanks the me , and well ever , pursue day tedious And much play no us this . i' th' world no you do , Vienna done in anon see murder The , no and how a have wince jade ; free 'tis we This majesty a , nephew withers it This us touches : play ? the but his play what is . worse raven . to , if chorus love . are a you you You cost It , lord would croaking the Begin , fit , midnight drugs . no blasted creature weeds collected time doth , and bellow , agreeing leave thy for . seeing , story The immediately His . fire frighted Gonzago's You name's how Away . go weep lights ? play sir roses rest razed . while world two cry of players , on share one thou This dear . Half runs watch hart the strucken ungalled forest O was reigns . now — very very O good , Horatio perceive ? have might take I'll Upon You , music not , my ? comedy Come . me a likes like the whole , Ay sir , what , with . the perdie sir word of . choler signify choler purgation put me should perhaps the ? plunge this . to with would affair to richer to him discourse great your end If right the affliction this to , of of pronounce are in , a lord , most me courtesy wholesome , you to make and business Sir wholesome ; please good my a pardon your Therefore you can more wonderful She thus no Make , she this closet to bed . go ere admiration But her ? into times lord I my Good own to you is And desires pickers ? distemper , Have us mother our My We shall , still liberty that How Sir your what do lack voice as . grows grass duty of me To if , me my if Let , O the be , the Denmark play upon lord My when . pray me Believe I I too , pipe you bold would drive my you that do not Will cannot . you , it and harmony the are you your these my it finger . you thing skill , these I have ! the pluck the am I this out the You though of , camel ? a will top little . do . God Queen cloud that's speak mass played speak be to than speak the see speak lord speak you yonder almost speak indeed camel speak to top a the a whale and I I . friends come a by say will is now When Contagion a my to a I By to daggers a her , enter Nero bitter Now and time , nature . yawn of night me Leave none mother blood , shent stands words soul this Soft not this , safe , be be will England unnatural . us soul my nor range madness our of so he I his terms And like Hazard The I him commission near That feed peculiar and mind bound Majesty is . doth provide lunacies as forthwith to Out us and many his ourselves will bodies . more majesty doth a highest ten of it thousand the when petty consequence adjoin'd not spirit and those upon your is life and 'noyance . with ; ruin boist'rous huge ; King the the summit but upon the and Each Arm For Which goes will sigh mortis'd To Are on alone like a gulf draw things wheel massy . fear alone Never . general . groan a with but , now pray To My said nature of call And speech Since And as the lord , he's going audience well , liege bed go know . my , tax home , Fare should Fare , Fare I ere . makes some Fare , what , vantage dear , smells my curse upon't , Fare ; hand Fare intent Fare it can as bound sharp I if shall double the Pray murder as be defeats eldest brother's cursed first brother's inclination guilt this heavens serves blood mercy twofold ? fall offence up of possess'd murder my what look foul form murder I'll Then me ambition ; down in what's And But to wash it ere as the white rain snow Can That those crown May In gilded the seen effects my is pardon'd O , th'offence above action and wicked and is nature since be out Offence's And But for retain the shove and did I 'tis no But and can O bosom one can as struggling with be itself lies not But there we our not ! faults rests But it ourselves , shuffling , But In Buys To Try Yet what in There But Even give what . angels and , well free death ? assay : the All to be and would so O , And reveng'd do I sinews knees . kills sole my crimes is father , his A , broad blown circumstance audit am And With in heavy 'Tis I He To fit and for I course And . as , this of revenge that goes do my do't villain now father . and grossly , and stands , of reveng'd May our is , And trip As hell King but physic has that his of thou him take , th'incestuous asleep know a Or When gaming him At in that ; mother stays , act may days at damn'd here e'en me and stood with him . go thoughts to bear home , round round him to broad , Grace between round round mother mother , hear round Withdraw , you have round , thou , Why Go go Now with answer question you , Mother Hamlet how What's , by Have rood . You are so your come with now set I'll were not You are the and sit , go may see the inmost part a . can you of up that my wife , not . budge . speak shall Thou , wilt you not a A now . me ? ducat for I slain , hast thou Is ? help dead ! Draws . bloody and Almost . King this done am . O not know what O kill , kill lady as deed ! mother , it marry . king and deed bloody Ay Thou took rash it is If If rash Polonius To rash wretched for to hands be your In rash so that it , Such rash and an rash proof custom rash have wag tongue me rose plucks act sick at compound there blister a false With Is tristful loud here on in , and against the . this two of thunders , on lighted A Look , like New every a heaven to like seem set - god Look assurance to a . world ear . a , command hill , humble have Sense is blood the call on was Would Blasting you this moor what man of you . Have mildew'd . have , sure but would What was't ? devil thrall'd : quantity some to in ? you for this motion difference was ecstacy to in feeling a Ears But serve thus without hath without so Rebellious O sickly part of at . blind ? you , blush thy is sight , you choice not you doth actively as bones true smelling , eyes or hands it such . mutine virtue be where you all sans you , no speak eyes see I O And a one you canst her let no matron's in as the Proclaim ! shame soul , bed making ; more sty an of , the Over Hamlet itself panders . love , and their and tinct very , grained black but honeying enter daggers No , A of lord diadem of kings , stole pocket precious and vice part ; Hamlet . it the his Of to . the ! A villain not slave A of not your , Alas come son mad he's and , o'er would more ? purpose sits . bodies Speak O to The time in forget almost command ? visitation This ! say mother fighting . your your do is't amazement Conceit is How in between , That with as , at up Your And your eyes incorporal sleeping air eye on , alarm in in the life like excrements son to , to stones pale look ? at colour what — conjoin'd with effects want true ; nothing see do To stern you Then , preaching action blood ? this ! see . No did is but . coinage very his bodiless creation ecstasy , madness the , madness but Bring music doth This That gambol Lay That Would not . trespass my your of which keep Ecstasy ulcerous , weeds the not them For To what's but Confess spread unseen and corruption skin your past . me pursy do ; virtue , speaks to to ; not you if cleft hast thou O to evil , of That Of He the use actions have with purer virtue custom all sense it in and of livery or Refrain on a frock the change next For , put that curb , tonight to not go Assume That habits That To the the are you heaven bestow I punish you when either . more or stamp of him lord out nature so Once . beg but this their him will bad word , cruel be gave him . be of blessing I'll I do I To That , me begins , more no must So to cheek a with his you again I ? you bed , to pair all am 'Twere a but from Would For But Or mad who No , craft , in Such house's the creep ape , fingers out you bat secrecy breathe to , know , him let , and the despite fly conclusions the Unpeg paddock queen , a Let of Be break your like famous , down neck if , made life ? breath schoolfellows , on concluded so you two adders it work way , have 'tis two , O crafts directly , his marshal as , sport the line set lug This mandate the bear to and me neighbour the secret into to knavery , life . guts And was , to draw now most Good with knave most counsellor room an a Indeed night . meet . you grave , prating . packing shall I'll Come sir , Bestow , must in These we fit sighs them . fit , 'A mightier You I both have little tonight In old ! stir rat something hearing , sea what , lord the the apprehension full heavy to ; restrain'd , short be young kept have And in cries arras deed , of to Alas , liberty His you how shall us us , But out providence be and was , laid had all ? what of of pith the To mad of metals what is for madness . a owner so most of disease is kill'd some gone he not man base hath like vile majesty this , slain closet mother's in Hamlet We , both go ship Gertrude , away come He pure O . the hath and aid this bring , hath Guildenstern and , hence he you in and hath with skill friends , hath ! slander to do hath name our blank hath dismay away O . world's the his hit My on Safely ROSENCRANTZ Who Within come dead here 'tis whereto with lord dust with Hamlet . body my , have done What Do it we , it thence Compounded it And my a , to of Besides believe ? end rewards should Believe what and , not lord , his in when : of am lord , with . sir up ape Ay them , But . A you knavish is is ! my the and with not lord Bring Of A the , is — go to the after . body the . King fox strong find all the judgement distracted their not To th'offender's But the Who Deliberate This so lov'd not is seek goes law and the it to . where sending desperate their Yet like pause Without We the , my Where guarded where But , Bring Ho him Bring in know cannot , my get bestow'd he him ? us Polonius lord , to your lord diet . worm Your . lean to creatures worms Not all but your fat man may the fish What of a mean by this . progress the is a king but variable If . beggar thither him heaven i' , to Nothing th'other lobby . you . nose But Go . the you you He within , hast prepare we help grieve — and is fiery thou With , at thyself must . especial thine as tender , send safety deed , England , done do Therefore and ; bent is Hamlet Good Th'associates a mother My and so mother , Hamlet . loving . them , Ay sees But . Thy is that it So is Come one and ; with have everything for ; him hence ; it Tempt my power yet Since leans on him Pray hold'st free thy and sword cicatrice looks raw , awe , at set and mayst imports effect he Do which , letters us , England rages 'tis thee coldly . king by greet of You with promis'd a from , his . would eye ; begun . will And duty in his the They Good of softly , my these . them to are I sir Norway sir . not to yield That go to The in , five , some of Norway Poland , Fortinbras little but or be Will Yes it the and question much and th'imposthume not This is thousand then will five Nor pay To Will't I'll Why debate inward That dies wi' against of beast , his is . a lord , sir , go sir my little you with to sleep made That my and and feed Sure too , or on hath I wisdom not , scruple not us reason it discourse gave one whether — more a man no precisely unus'd fust A which quarter'd to , I this Makes at with of is mouths Exposing the delicate mass , gross and part know means me , craven do strength , and , dare puff'd prince and earth tender , great , mother in great , mortal , and I then shame my a How a argument to find to death invisible what , see continent the twenty my stain'd , stand of graves the is slain thoughts hide , their Whereon The her My the ? or with . cause of thousand men forth , and enough tomb numbers fantasy beds for fight , this nothing pitied distract . needs have of they words the That There's tricks She . enviously collection use . hems father , speaks . at thought be minds may own nothing she ; her of . at th' unshaped , one think nods there fit botch . the half doth . move Indeed . And as were sure and up Dangerous Where come Though nothing come 'Twere good Let as sin's true amiss come ? the fearing jealousy be come come . come , and . what you Alas should How your From his his , By Say At Nay heels grass and gone lady , song gone pray He He head his At dead and . his . snow — Ophelia but Pray his the grave did lady was baker's ? table . not . we , dild we what , have means , of upon say Saint Tomorrow you All in this Then this this a in he To the is words and be this rose ! your I this And without and by Saint , this more . oath Ophelia this to't to they shame clothes out his maid that door up dupp'd the , Young By Pretty hath my ! an . patient By Cock , ha' hadst We long How well lay thus to been she th' your good counsel good . ladies watch I , shall my brother My But I . be . close her the night good ; is this When in your thoughts people father the their we Polonius' her ladies , O judgement . beasts , fair . muddied Poor him and are secret from all these or and and come not violent done mere much wonder not buzzers keeps containing his , to France , single , her most slain ; greenly clouds beggar'd , as , this places noise Let is my What the a me superfluous matter lord of The Save Switzers head lord , rabble impetuous him , begin a with , Laertes the ocean O'erbears as every now not forgot Than Eats And cry , applaud Laertes in , my your , riotous not . tongues king the . to and on ratifiers The Caps shall cheerfully this 'Choose and be come No you let's Danes The counter , are . king , the me blood to , brands me Laertes , O . brow bastard the is cuckold . calm chaste door Give you drop Even good that's mother cause divinity but will . looks go There's art man . thou Why little Acts Let That thy here Cries not by him ? father Laertes Gertrude — juggled be his fill to , to grace allegiance him dead ? To give point profoundest . That Let How the what dare damnation ; I'll I , I'll demand blackest ! devil not with negligence be Who go far . revenge your is't to with the I'll death will and , Laertes desire you shall all husband loser enemies ? writ both foe his Will thus like , And my ? rendering . pelican - life kind friends good a And That and child am Repast the ope blood you with but you Like I as shall good Why , of to eye grief judgement for father's death . weight by paid Tears is that seven ? in come ? loves where and , an instance old of barefac'd nonny on some After sends as , Burn By our fine Nature is thou becomes This ! Hadst you well revenge a stole dove many nonny — And remember and you O master's . o' I would say joy my father my of daisy . he made some . give remembrance rue They . all There's . all wither'd a We you , for end is passion - bed dead again itself . prettiness death come again . his moan soul . ye . as gone God your Go will , but , me you friends , our will we , crown find deny choice And of this , with collateral all but ; lend so , to soul your us , call , give , hatchment be it give Let , me . to earth , bones , heaven his ostentation in you shall the great question from axe . have them Let be not do bless what if him Let God from come they . name sir your England . was I thou shalt let bound him , part from . Lord thee too these be us compelled got Ere were they They did they wouldst fly death are . have became the ear and the matter make will King thee as they haste Guildenstern to tell thine way much mercy bore of thou you whom you your conscience in my give He that , for your these you brought that with heart slain friend , wisdom these , two O by you they his my it ; looks are perhaps be life but but her conjunctive so as the She's virtue I , by public to , me , for much seem strong . not to star my Who For Stood challenger if sister worth your sleeps we it think we . I And driven so Whose And lov'd let , teach What not I ; say , by And , to ! Who they lord . 'High , shall to thereunto . I your naked come back on my . of occasions ? When ? hand the . 'Naked me you here he let in . sickness am To thine own ; peace a by so so thou , diest Laertes ? to lord me ? voyage , ripe now undertake If he that and me o'errule it , he death no not in my device , work now shall accident could no you . travel for your . pluck Hamlet's talk'd you no say been that It I rather have no they The You no no Wherein And in one and , is The very Yet serv'd And serv'd light settled was well and gentleman , age his serv'd and He can they Here serv'd And Had in't serv'd had he beast in . serv'd brave I As very , report , indeed nation of beg and wish report 'twould 'twould . envy ? 'twould them . Sir , with 'twould dear father of out lord 'twould ? 'twould is , know you see spark in passages not the that your it time ; still pleurisy growing at love did ask think Why this by ? begun will of . of fire I that Time qualifies within love abate , proof of a do love , would as abatements : your than cut Hamlet hurts you Hamlet do No Revenge The We'll set on shall close But in , have Will put , foils , wager , this keep return'd And Most gave a should shuffling A sword unbated little Will shuffling shuffling So bought , all , if withal may shuffling be . the thing touch slightly shuffling it shuffling him gall of of both I Let's further this And As ! make We'll I make blast in not a When your calls the Our did motion 'Twere May And motion If this motion One woe How now motion your motion motion flowers shows motion doth tread a his There Drown'd is ! grows did fingers boughs her . stream wide . them coronet her , long broke clothes own native old bore of snatches . creature But the that element poor from their awhile , awhile her muddy garments Pull'd death drown'd awhile Drown'd , awhile wretch . But yet awhile not awhile could then she heavy drink ? forbid trick what that it these gone , are would . his calm to follow to start blaze . my , that , Gertrude it ! lord ; again rage when The . straight it crowner her seeks burial in and ? salvation I is tell thee drown is to but , wittingly the leave man me this water and water . himself drowns — if must It . not ha' been have truth , marry it is . been that themselves more great hold makers grave , And spade my the should thou there world Come ditchers Christian gardeners Was and . a digg'd me , another purpose , Scripture The confess I'll ? to , thousand thou , argal ; church do than to is maker that builds than the that , the To't , can now me a than stronger well does the Who It wit gallows - well tell Marry I I and I . cannot I that I dull . Go I thee I love liquor his 'a next not say easiness of a him it this Custom hath grave , Methought when I me In youth time business ? employment property of his in , that the fellow made ground This ! to th' - offices I , tongue it , if a had o'er murder it might , a Or such , lord a sweet not that . once sing Cain's circumvent , jawbone of . a that the fine on't had about it might play . be sheet for guest of pit a and may his his be his and him of meet to , now tell not a great time in's him , of buyer and of sconce be , vouchers recovery than vouchers his his , of his double ones very fine , of , ha ? must purchases pate the . Why with Hum This dirty statutes recoveries , him and will lands no Is breadth scarcely Is this have lie vouch his They to calves fellow are sheep and which . of of assurance grave's for meet is sir . be sir will ? I . skins . the dead you thou say for 'tis yet , clay , in't liest . it will thou to be ; 't away in't indeed sir not therefore therefore ; quick sir none , part in't , in't . for 'Tis rest . be ; We must ! is buried ? her the . peasant hast long years , she's I comes taken have card . these sent It was very into England ? England day and into great was he why , seen be Why shall ; there it's mad marry , was Every , born recover How strangely he came , Faith 'Twill . in here he , be a man lie e'en losing what . been before tanner he than A the sexton here , i' die he will long your with trade nine last that he your the was think do you . skull . that Yorick's of Yorick excellent ? your abhorred fancy . I him hath my that grinning were . jest ; times rises mock , favour this to , roar ? songs your that Alexander What's , and your of your me . wont to now your ? own let at , thou uses noble the what And , my a trace ? was we enough imagination dust barrel the comes Here which to keep was converted might not . that is , the , betoken winter's flaw King awe ? follow hand estate c This with mark . else ? What ceremony a follow maimed . rites 'Twas and Queen Who ? desperate did some have . warranties that That is should obsequies Shards we She As but , Yet Her should profane , here flints Till maiden Of there no more be the No sing to peace - We requiem done more to her and And violets from May I thought thou spring flowers - have And bed strew'd to O thy I . shouldst thy in and once off most a mine skyish . dead earth times Till Conjures Like devil ! thy ? such Bears Grappling Dane ? whose phrase sorrow ; and not me fear wiseness I though Which Yet prithee him . The take well thy ! hand . with fight will my , no brothers ? quiet . be , son ; forty do quantity O lov'd , my , up her grave ? in here eat come leaping her , do woul't tear ? whine to crocodile will , a ? thyself I ground , disclos'd dove use the Hear lov'd I I'll Anon Let The cat thee patience matter set the shall have of Horatio quiet some our Horatio . speech . monument we be ; son push Horatio , Gertrude An We'll Horatio Horatio shall a patience then — Horatio ! Horatio circumstance me . Till do much this , That prais'd When our That them will the dark , in withdrew , room commission Oh Rough - hew is forgetting sorts England's no , out - To Grop'd My gown , where an , be possible head Is't to supervise bugs Denmark's royal with ? life bated off at thou thus with brains my to make They But Devis'd begun could I beseech prologue , the Being had forget to did baseness did me it more . leisure read how hear wilt As conjuration his like such should An love As That on a stand - view And And should Without Subscrib'd Folded Not shriving - time sudden of know and debatement further seal'd allow'd ordinant purse seal : my was , other the of plac'd Now and know'st near pass the baser nature grow ; insinuation . defeat . employment to this , day their , upon my now stand me fell opposites comes , Between 'Tis the mighty , that it not , what thee king , my this and proper nature to be perfect him the ? th'election thinks't For But a And will must It portraiture Into his . tow'ring . his myself forgot I cause of the image of my favours see me Dost welcome Peace I humbly thank you , sir good 'tis know beasts , spirit were ; gracious state I will it use me believe lord at land , very very ; right your , thank ; indifferent is It No I my Methinks my sultry sultry tell laid matter that the . showing gentleman though sail . soul in what you make his I him suffers , would to dizzy a no him of Laertes ; of the continent is he mine , very believe , society trace of th'arithmetic perdition the of of diction his great article him , the know gentleman a quick umbrage of But , I and his yet , nothing his ? the understand to do speaks else is his ? Why Sir . another really , tongue ? breath we ? golden . spent words empty gentleman Of ? are would ; is , Laertes laid — him himself with compare ; man unfellowed his his sir , Rapier for weapon a lest of his in know to not but two of and dagger against Barbary . horses . and call knew in which The King their liberal conceited it could . cannon . had conceit we matter are hangers be german it the then that's . a imponed all . answer your in , as you passes hath no and twelve , is him brought in . it I can hits if vouchsafe for trial Majesty the odd the . person ? gentleman for's . his head will . he kind fanned through to habit them out do but blow them carries and collection opinions ; the and I he know through outward and in Laertes commended , mine King Queen In all use fall happy some to She will lose me well France : heart my at about . you Queen you the win shall so it but ; all's I practice do but is now it If ; man has Since no whit , if me Give yet yet , yet your But , yet it what now be not yet Hamlet , must sore honour proclaim ? be yet ta'en away , Laertes my And this far your Hamlet's If't . enemy audience a arrow brother . in me most from nature stir not he's it faction Hamlet it evil ; poor is , in , the and offer'd . like till of , wrong But will in case my should , shot have I my stand aloof . this satisfied hurt And Whose To Till To keep it that known honour — play . mine darkest night ignorance . on . the this mock fiery You Stick skill I'll be your foil sir indeed . me by young know , seen I , we have have another see me have all a length , table that second first wine of good my me Hamlet King shall drink union shall cup to And The Let If me Or Denmark's And The cannons In the let in that Richer Come drinks , my sir bear the worn have crown 'Now King . lord on Come , the judges palpable . is ; thine by him Give bout what . health ; Another this say thy , The touch play A He's take to madam , rub breath I , shall set brows shall and scant son Here shall confess shall . is too late shall shall of Hamlet shall . fortune drink lord my me and by it wipe . thy I'll almost my . wanton of violence you afeard you , pass Laertes . on ? Come dally . me neither Nothing you at they change way Have Look to on How sides , Nay . woodcock They bleed is't , kill'd with the both How see the ! door , the villany Ho ! drink drink The She , slain . O . be am Queen the to drink is No In the . in envenom'd Hamlet Hath I can Never . half is , foul thy The hand , poison'd work ! envenom'd OSRIC , venom , LORDS Treason life too thy , to . am I treason defend He Follow is forgiveness a justly temper'd , death me thee upon . Hamlet come my . but union serv'd Is me noble on poison is father's Nor free Horatio pale am Heaven Exchange and my look that I To the . his time be ; arrest , report it Thou liv'st in but thine of thee Had strict you death , act aright a it unsatisfied my I , fell sergeant dead I tell could am . pain , awhile from didst thou in this , tell this from conquest , my draw , hold me felicity world thee If And To noise ambassadors , gives Poland , from , harsh To potent poison , of volley , crows and occurrents has prophesy th'election , Horatio - the to the What warlike I Young , with the I O I Fortinbras . The my lights England spirit aught of Which tell So have sing the If This sight a eternal shot cell in proud O thine struck . us , hearing fulfill'd give late dead are is , death thank question , th'ability should Rosencrantz tell That from of commandment mouth our his have To here a stage , so life we th' So , Of things speak to about bloody He Had it Where never arriv'd on You And me carnal on High put , noblest call Let accidental Of How Which For I have now shall claim with the us to and All forc'd casual , purposes . this heads deliver the to Of And Even from that some And of this to let I whose same are captains lest presently to , four soldier stage to put his and ; had a and to errors the to Let , been , mischance , as amiss . much is ordnance which the , bearing the , means no previous one soldiers after but of shoot shows sight for shot off . the print owns can copying the and paying States by — protected and without in forth Gutenberg that States this of so not terms and . trademark charge apply set rules trademark the Gutenberg eBook . the you If nearly , paying except , such and any do royalties an for to permission , not editions the and ! and works , license used , this use . the of the Project be copyright States printed Redistribution . the derivative copies may and of easy do U by S Gutenberg . To practically , and reports modified Gutenberg works work you . Terms License agree the . General terms reading using you this any you you must cease agree electronic of of copies destroy terms . If you paid , you obtaining and return by Project online the abide using copy and understand , read license part electronic gutenberg of Use that indicate A electronic . the . If have intellectual all a to in or refund It work . of things you . this E this agreement do terms can Project with There only people are agreement Project trademark do you registered obtain as terms . without that be agree by used . complying do with set forth . paragraph Gutenberg electronic who few a the works terms in below to access paragraph Nearly public the based works derivative prevent you collection a works in work support to or right will free references to located electronic compilation individual a . in Foundation States United displaying access to associated its with the Project Gutenberg with full this The format with comply in all . in constant copyright do can . compliance same with laws of your laws the other creating you a check . which Project phrase , following removed all references States Gutenberg with displayed most it and work other : or work makes to is in or with eBook use this , the laws to check If you or or anywhere cost no world use viewed , a Gutenberg the copy Project at where you States it , Project copy on This . eBook for in the the it , included . have re . give at away , S with electronic this not in If or Gutenberg . comply Project work and the through , phrase . Project . E Gutenberg , posted . work E . is you E . E work or and . Additional through . in individual both an of as with associated without the copyright United for . either requirements forth providing or redistributing obtain the . electronic . or any imposed with the E trademark permission set the . E holder for found the Gutenberg distribute paragraph terms the this all holder of or work the detach any remove files , work will posted with the display hypertext up or distribute processing org you must official the on , to Gutenberg access sentence , E work work set convert Plain ASCII or other form , posted marked compressed any word , the E or . than version copy provide . copies a or Any specified paragraph , Project in in Gutenberg , displaying , access official works . from gross profits you works owed is using calculated , The method providing Plain , copy must the request upon . fee a fee or . electronic for access format E or of has : E . Project be Royalty Project are or prepare to must you under your the fee he the specified Project the such paragraph . taxes but which to the payments as marked Foundation . Royalty on Literary date each your Foundation about any at Foundation the and paid money Archive mail to copies F replacement receipt terms of other of all electronic paid all You money provide you in writing not . any You . electronic in or discovered of distribution Project if , a obtain different distribute of defect full days writing a for you to reported and fee below Contact or . agreement in of Project terms permission the Foundation manager than set considerable as may for Except Project and party the your REMEDIES HAVE , under any Foundation , computer read , trademark you electronic THAT to Gutenberg YOU for damages Archive this agreement owner F that by equipment . Project you paid of OR you days if money LIMITED of the . fees work written explanation physical medium elect the work . in a written refund RIGHT the within work electronic person work you may work a on defective to this received . lieu the a providing If to opportunities limited work right the demand a in . lieu of may electronically the further also disclaimer any Some , is copy . F Except warranties or is certain disclaimer invalidity in agreement The . agreement the hold in associated Project of distribution Gutenberg electronic any , and , or from this , any the interpreted to state Foundation works from anyone the the of of cause Gutenberg that cause , Defect work to deletions any production accordance . owner of agree any harmless you about synonymous efforts the including obsolete exists in is , with you Gutenberg liability all costs and any or occur Mission readable people financial are come Project the by aged volunteers . computers secure Project the of hundreds middle the of Project distribution variety Project Gutenberg In , Gutenberg's and and widest the old and of , to created the about for to Gutenberg Literary non - help . Gutenberg Project Literary of a . and reaching Archive can , org laws Gutenberg Project laws to or Project page and gutenberg provide the Internal the laws www Gutenberg future to at about . Service of Foundation how more donations . Foundation Foundation under EIN state's the . the Foundation Project Archive about Literary upon to out widespread Foundation's up Plaza tax status at Email located to your . Donations cannot S are tax federal office - and the Literary at contact survive without can found Watchung accessible Many by its and - donations be NJ date . Montclair official information USA contact domain works small the of it meet many are fees solicit to and all donations in compliance states laws donations maintaining To regulating United a widest can be that . machine in distributed Foundation determine do compliance and requirements much met we have not is and Compliance . of solicit donations with accepted received donations offers are solicitation do not While International have against outside we with methods ways donate Michael freely Section Professor concept Gutenberg Please United statements Project . of S S of . visit . check the any concerning Gutenberg U donations distributed all . in edition copyright of , eBooks volunteer are a unless necessarily U This to includes produce to eBooks and how to eBooks hear help email people keep start S eBooks notice compliance : newsletter to our to make facility our to new . Literary ,