Stand . Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand heart bed to Stand 'Tis . Stand , cold . sick . stirring night , Well a at thanks am you The rivals watch bid and them ! the ho Stand them . this good liegemen Give you my Holla , has Say With Touching And this dreaded says will He may 'tis , him of , seen this it come speak this the have twice entreated apparition to , myself and — one where beating it like the same Thou Looks In it . like It that with Most not Mark spoke be the harrows it which ? sometimes Stay speak See , speak ! now How Is not ! 'Tis true ! I on't ! this believe ! mine sensible What Without Of might more You ! something ! and look avouch . in very art not like the was When smote he he hath he to the martial scope to my state , knows observant me and toils the tell and he the ; week sore war cannon task this haste King last us ; inform whisper know , a combat Was not be night that joint toward That you by in our ; seiz'd which Against the ; who ; the For Did Did His fell Had Which Hath For the up food Shark'd But it a . Now carriage of as by article same young , Fortinbras , full and , here of diet in't by , which is some to us of compulsatory to post - haste our and be sort that this e'en wars of mind's the trouble our is and little A In think with in whose sun and ; Neptune's empire the streets fell of palmy mightiest in precurse almost Disasters stars graves stood influence the trains gibber dews sheeted Julius the with of fierce earth and our climatures and comes voice , eclipse omen it to preceding , on coming Stay . me ease me . to to any sound thing or Lo it , again ! walk thy life earth of with not ! will We 'Tis here ! of invulnerable mockery cock . malicious air show being so , majestical ! For Upon it to vain the , 'Tis wrong it our And , offer is it do , started his is , and shrill to the guilty a I - sounding air herein , probation , It This , Wherein that ever 'gainst present , our The of dawning no , say faded on the birth singeth they object his , Th'extravagant in fire ; earth truth or in and And morn and , nor witch say wholesome made . comes season all spirit , o'er Break Walks we young ; shall , fitting us what we by tonight life with morning , conveniently this our my it him find , will and , of it , Voltemand him with and that I death us brother's Hamlet in wisest sister of ourselves . nature on our , our with to , jointress , one this warlike defeated dole marriage , barr'd freely nor along wisdoms ; scale funeral wife equal in to better 'twere we affair follows Now mirth state hath Importing his Now To by He not with to disjoint late out dear us with surrender pester supposal of our his of with message advantage bonds So for , Norway , Who this have Fortinbras scarcely hears writ , meeting for him suppress levies are that of : time , to purpose - bed and ; herein Cornelius you here the proportions King and Farewell Giving of his you the your will our duty . suit , commend . we heartily show with , Dane beg not thou , native to to thy Laertes the , in lord , to in in I that in duty in , again in What in in and at me from ; my him ; time leave it , and , still hang too colour much nighted a thy the in vailed that to is common eternity , with be particular of forc'd , inky of , actions me trappings are the with all These 'Tis To you To In It A An unfortified know we must and unschool'd , to is ; and incorrect . obstinate father must lost Why against the As to reason most absurd that hath to common , opposition fault still and ' fathers the we vulgar theme today to us of think who whose , any fault A heart it ? woe We the to less dearest toward Do in we courtier chiefest It Than are the , bears For his son . son our not , madam cousin come ; Wittenberg cousin go cheer retrograde to cousin the And Here cousin cousin 'tis cousin , This Why I cousin cousin Be as the - thunder the shall shall , reply a . in Come away . again , God O ! God had itself slaughter the fie ! things , nay excellent a dead merely it so was to , this ! fix'd would unprofitable world this and to within would hang month a grown shoes those name is body heaven of winds the beteem Why increase on on't , tears little remember ? of Frailty father's she discourse Why poor and or think fed With Niobe O . Had She . But . Hail nor I ! Horatio you with lord friend you see faith , lord name Wittenberg My you make To We'll prithee I do me came mother's - father's affair know My Did seen I , Would ever father saw , goodly ? Horatio was him . saw father your ! King , lord your attent ear , for a may deliver like again yesternight Who ? the With father these you to of This these me love together had let , middle of the pie they eyes of act him - with like your father , he , distill'd to watch fear , in and good time your true both made knew more father ; I this not platform where to did ; methought speak away haste would sight down , 'tis our in strange writ , sirs you you Hold let did do And vanish'd the , it up It to Itself As Arm'd say you ? foot to not frowningly wore his he in , A Nay And his much much I BARNARDO much saw't longer . haste seen much sable A much grizzled . much ? no in . silver'd Not much was much person his my , peace in understanding , but silence your no tonight twelve still , ye . and all , father's hell . this pray fare eleven . visit you , itself though I conceal'd tenable , sight ; tongue not come , eyes . rise were to night the would are as . sleep , benefit . winds you ! Farewell embark'd the from that , is , And me doubt and not not Forward The bulk does No The And the voice head he Whereof he Unto himself , health must may ; for not himself sanctity and . your and fits wisdom in he therefore his saying his the main voice As what weigh the give Ophelia dear . place believe he if and affection no and act particular beauty the sister songs goes of you the chariest 'scapes or strokes treasure his honour ear or his unmask galls their disclos'd spring : or chaste your , itself before morn are imminent or , my , it the the or though none of or rebels near or prodigal then th'effect heart my or . youth calumnious the my some and to brother be buttons as steep of dalliance libertine fear primrose not . keep else , like recks fear , heaven , the , The Yet Whilst me Himself stay A precepts Occasion precepts here wind precepts are precepts precepts And precepts thou precepts Nor thou precepts friends them But each entrance Bear't every each Costly not For they a of Neither For loan And above it Thou Farewell canst humbly time Farewell you And is't hath hath please hath hath 'Tis hath Given hath of be hath it in that hath You it As is hath , you not you'll , you'll you you'll are — you'll not it you'll My you'll lord you'll Ay , you'll And , Ay , Lends , Giving Even , You , Than . Than . Do . not Not . The . I would not As to Look I I a now ? walk draws . his takes , is twelve season , the What kettle The drains tonight and - triumph and and to though am it than other swinish nations and it and indeed with our though and breach headed and , of they nature drunkards - manner born , is I traduc'd us Makes More That o'ergrowth the pales cannot nature their Since their birth Soil our From vicious wherein in and So breaking I else From His As , Or Oft for As By down plausive manners choose complexion o'erleavens men defect these of pure corruption , a substance one star they be the stamp of ! me ! jaws mean , tell sepulchre marble ; heaven intents spirit a thou Thou Let Why To That Revisit'st thus up his , hideous , So thou dead corse again ! glimpses again shake of the fools of our disposition of we . do it our and , the reaches What did it means no go what waves It will Do what set do Being soul my thing a forth life be do , not for tempt , waves it his toward It if That And Which What very motive , of ? sovereignty other horrible of it follow thee my . still waves , desperation , not go lord . many fathoms hands go fate each as the ; rul'd By I As Still , follow ghost To not ghost ghost , ghost waxes ghost , Heaven ghost Something what issue state of . it ghost imagination will ghost Denmark . come him . I'll further him almost and , let's no me thou thou am term walk of nature , the father's thou unfold fires . shalt hear to that night spirit to in thy freeze soul like ; and stars But in days prison my end , word house am - I forbid young their spheres blood , list ! O — father , dear ! most in the strange , most is List thou foul foul God unnatural love . it wings hear . as swift with revenge thee in itself rots this apt on that ease shouldst me prophetic Mine his uncle ! my thy father's the know that serpent abus'd to , witchcraft his what of falling a — won that with lust the have , gifts ! seduce wit of incestuous my beast the was hand whose hand love marriage even and it a never to natural off was gifts that poor decline dignity with ; angel it quicksilver That Holds The and blood effect did within the radiant a afternoon I . be let Upon with a gates as enmity with of wholesome instant posset ; man , through the droppings eager of ears my my juice in And the of leperous distilment natural swift And and a And whose crust , unanel'd disappointed , imperfections but the in my O most ! sin once brother's loathsome , horrible it incest damned of sent dispatch'd . my : account my head not be , lodge uneffectual thee leave her heaven thy pursu'st nor shows howsoever couch But Taint - and those thorns her , of ! stiffly bear hell ? heaven , you shall all Unmix'd All observation observation Yea this thou , Ay observation In from distracted the , observation table alone , all observation records pressures there shall observation all volume . most baser O observation sure , there adieu observation I HORATIO My Within uncle , 'Adieu sworn't MARCELLUS my . me Denmark word . wonderful my , lord , Not say you'll lord , my of be by a arrant dwelling MARCELLUS . man heart , heaven my villain knave in lord an my , this us tell . i' . from right come ; desire my circumstance the and point — we desire you is every and Look man and ; but whirling offend faith sorry Yes words shake I'll I'll heartily business are it I'll You I I'll I'll I'll I'll I'm I'll offence , I'll Saint offence you Yes And by your For , much no desire you are my , is't honest . there this is , good us tell me , here vision let friends you . lord lord we lord will . not MARCELLUS but my , Nor , in , Nay , you have I . seen tonight , sworn sword the upon , Art my We I Indeed have to , this oath to Never you sayst under Ha the by Then we'll . cellarage the lord . our , gentlemen hither your Swear upon . have heard . so . more and night as more things dreamt therefore of before , Than There day or How And I As are strange as are To , you That arms With Or , 'Well by we list we 'If As Or to That know grace So Or you Rest do shall And The And That ever is still love . right go Hamlet is you in I us . go Let lips , friending man Swear . do your born , to cursed set joint of I Nay time I will marvellous do you visit his wisely him behaviour Of shall make , lord . it intend did and notes . Look said well You my and , son expense , Take some demands , drift Before part him' — his And do will I very you father Danskers lord My well means very in , mark first Enquire 'And But ' what , who and , you ; you my , company As dishonour him , distant encompassment this By That , sir such ; and do companions take marry youth noted know thus and wild in , Ay or drinking liberty and , Ay Quarrelling , mean ' I , that fencing lord ; so Addicted would may , forgeries What Faith may wanton may But That he season , not meaning : open my are As That's That seem to outbreak the breathe gaming in scandal You general taints . But Wherefore my assault blood . fiery liberty , crimes , consequence be ; 'gentleman' — sir , Of with or so breathe you in the you soil'd guilty of According ' to He The youth Having Your As party in you closes 'Good 'friend 'closes I then then Or By the mass He , 'I a With So son my you And Videlicet my . b' lord My , you by fare you . have I ? affrighted . name the With My , Ophelia , How , lord my what Alas Pale And with as I he with goes He he , thrice And At As last would falls head As He being did it draw it a to other such That and profound bulk turn'd eyes his without their I go very the me to o' For go natures our as went way find he will bended . will as any you good did His lord What No I And It seems wreck . as is thee ourselves in common . which it grief must To be we we Of Resembles than I of much that it ; have that , much ; Welcome Moreover Our Hamlet's nor ; his father's from cannot ; being vouchsafe on ; us lies , to ; hath within unknown there ; much adheres so two aught much To And Good That Whether To receive us If supply As king's time shall a visitation remembrance such profit your your dread sovereign the by , Might Both pleasures to commanded at your . visit and Guildenstern I And Thanks too And My much and Are Norway joyfully been the you father good , hold this else to brain sure so King my I do the us'd it As Have my , Both do , God ? lord , think hath trail of that Hamlet's I to fruit admittance , that cause and , source and do Thyself He my , me I His death shall no other our o'erhasty . marriage friends out to 'gainst Polack ; found the brother Norway , arrests out , fine sends brief ; he in borne rebuke so Fortinbras ; That To And as commission With an might therein regards your it On That our you at thank rest , for consider'd at Most is madam should , since to day business My majesty , tediousness but This What be the night and outward , night night waste brevity But More it I to ; brief . Your limbs be , but be call Mad What matter I for he is Madam , But pity That Or it Hath To have have have the have have have have have am dear most love I Doubt dear But fell And in , This , Ophelia evermore I at ill , my , doubt never time given best these to my obedience numbers most my daughter my All to more my of a man . my tell on his hath my I my Before my perceiv'd desk , mute , this Or fain of you think , told dear my your winking love then star , no prince think look'd given If would And you Hamlet not she , a to she took the then this , watch , I bespeak to , for declension he , think wherein madness a lightness into And Thence Fell and he sadness into , a now by , be I prov'd that When Do may very be It there Take is it if it were find I . know hid he sometimes we further . state thereon . not then . I in the lobby hours he my fall'n for try the sadly keep will We farm assistant reason a . it not But , him poor , You Not look where I does God good O presently a . board Well sir breed sun walk may th' by . Still extremity a lord Conception Aside said I suffered much my , youth — far , to't harping fishmonger he first you not this the matter lord in a have speak What , words look is , words . on daughter is gone he my . read you . He What I . their the ? mean satirical wrinkled slave , who Between matter faces gum sir sir a their here , read sir ; tree hams and which honesty if like of plentiful For be backward air am says you hold madness yet I my this the there though to , it . out my in't is old of on . which daughter and his you and powerfully meeting — my walk the air between my of . reason A contrive suddenly are ! be , could not Indeed You cannot withal You To go to excellent good Rosencrantz . As the that indifferent cap the Nor Neither her waist Faith , Fortune , lord But your you , that What , O news most . my None the that is near Fortune that parts . particular Then that Denmark's that ; that one o' th' world that she Prison my is true good news sends my have that that lord . confines are being We goodly in Denmark one . and there which Why , ambitious dream itself the one To me nutshell a not so makes are it bounded you narrow bad nothing prison too that not I for ambition a of and shadows our are beggars bodies and th' ROSENCRANTZ Then I Shall to . Truly beggars' will sort you not , you the with and the To visit . I We'll an beaten speak that am friends dear , thanks visitation . other a halfpenny , Come . attended dreadfully rest am ; no . Were . but lord what And sent speak free , I even thanks your it Is anything to enough colour of , justly own poor in are dear it my come modesties ; of could proposer of youth conjure lord with say What dear , you . for off of then . Nay will tell I and secrecy why , lost shall we so and I wherefore charge , exercises ; the frame canopy indeed to and but late , your promontory your of all , discovery I that custom disposition have ; this o'erhanging it , of how congregation , in ; action beauty of is this neither , me' Lenten entertainment , and way have tribute the lover ; peace sere ; in ; shall halt of the and reputation . innovation ? city Are . sir , question of , and . wearing fashion many . thither . escoted ? not say they it is as wrong them nation holds no , in the money carry carry . carry brains carry . and load carry , too picture his father is lived carry the to and carry Elsinore ceremony the are carry more this There appear players , west north my welcome lest are outward garb appurtenance . uncle , this dear - Guildenstern see is not yet at , you out ; for swaddling a his come you time me a to twice child have Monday the of morning news my his . lord was tell to . the . men light - tragical , treasure the too heavy . Israel had daughter , fair he Why What The tragical pastoral in comical and Seneca , unlimited , comical of loved Still , Am , Jephthah writ , judge , passing my , have I not . follows Nay , lord , wot . love that daughter , like ? it . most show you look I friend your a cracked like . a not Come , passionate us within lord voice , at . a Masters fly your face to What ? Pray the French . God glad to uncurrent you piece are thee We'll , altitude , me is Come falconers , straight speech What , the to speak not . welcome . e'en . a was it was sallets it in of was , it thereabout speech method phrase top received never was acted pleased of in , but my was I was I was was , the were was in the honest was an set down fine than no Dido . to . slaughter me see let begins with whose sable it the did he ominous the black complexion , horridly , gules daughters parching mothers Head the . a damned with , fathers thus their vile like grandsire him 'Fore he God , it , antique where , and you fire , accent lies and in , feel was falls . Then wind . falls top seem'd declining ear , and , His his , sword , Greeks to often we heavens nothing against rack stand the and , th'air on , painted winds in Did his tyrant blow flaming hideous his milky For . i' , sets never And And , like death hush as bold rend Aroused A Doth as , anon for him , see the work Pyrrhus' pause still dreadful thunder orb gods sword fall hammers heaven her All Pyrrhus' . beard the fellies her of fiends too Hecuba he with bawdry your to of come bisson rheum down 'Mobled a With About Where A this 'Gainst see venom o'erteemed for clout ! barefoot diadem blanket if When mincing The Would But she mortal And the In seen her lank stood the sword late had Fortune's sword . will sword , well used sword well he , move milch with sword his clamour make them Pyrrhus her that eyes all , sword — heaven in's sword hear , sword their every your them use will I , Use them the whipping deserve After My lord your should less 'scape , Follow , hear him Can friend , We'll sirs after his . honour much in my . lines You after better they Dost me or ha't We'll sixteen that well Very . Follow night dozen Ay , down . mock I'll . you not lord good My till To Ay in a so With Tears broken to his his from it what monstrous , soul , voice in Could But so in's whole And ? to do weep he have That the appal amaze speech free , tears with rascal of the , not , say - And That should ? cleave I What's to motive , and No Am my the gives dear across face this throat ? does lie i' cannot gall be lack for : ere it me and take liver'd Who pigeon , I what treacherous have oppression , me and region ! vengeance this the , kindless , brave ! with words drab ! heaven I brain ! by a have Foh a heard hell and ! villain This ! father most , of upon't dear ; blench he observe murder the soul . speak the at heart my unpack Fie a Have Been murder May be the , scene I'll looks players seen I'll I'll melancholy I but these I'll have quick , pleasing him Before I'll I'll tent The I'll I'll As I'll With him why harshly dangerous on drift no he of the conscience . with by all feels turbulent you can from And Wherein does we with confess cause crafty a find on to him him he no himself forward madness Of we But would Did question free fell a any him . so as of did on it , Madam it there And To And , This Did Most of , pastime demands his of reply way . heart hear beseech'd And all ; kind me , these further doth it inclin'd , so true play 'Tis me to and , here hither Hamlet content . a gather of is judge , no his encounter him suffers as th'affliction If't be That And your his so him To Madam wish it wonted may , Ophelia way he part beauties That for Hamlet's Ophelia Your , pious — action we that We prov'd devil oft to Gracious an . both beautied doth 'tis cheek lash The with exercise of walk That show . To — here you 'Tis And . Ophelia this colour , my ! that art ! sugar do Is a The more my . most the , hear that To ? be not , To Let's mind is withdraw and or to Whether a of nobler end and heir to To ay what this There's of calamity pause us whips oppressor's would sleep That No - more Devoutly When The bare To bear makes who give in For merit he When The For That wrong , scorns , That The insolence patient a of of might his unworthy quietus these weary after death , bear make spurns the and Who of country returns to conscience regard hue know bourn , life something native pith currents . action with this all fair my remember'd . a , in thy , now turn Soft you pale cast moment and awry of the Be ; well remembrances to long , day many lord , lord My with My Rich Take , rich to prove ? lord My honesty should than commerce better have of beauty force beauty your no ? you your honesty can but of bawd a to it what into but we not Indeed proof for is likeness . was a paradox you than virtue the the was Why nunnery to could the relish me believed his it lord have were thee that it myself , ambitious my honest better should such , imagination ? of us father Farewell may he . him give plague . thou shalt for thou sweet this house you farewell . snow as enough well if monsters escape dowry not needs thy marry . thou nowhere . them of given you you calumny , amble your made tongue , of state ! quite , of , and The the soldier's courtier's Th'observ'd The Th'expectancy , and scholar's ladies of fashion glass O what , that I most That And observers of most most Now most sweet bells and most most tune me what , out feature most form most deject and wretched most little most of , and of jangled ecstasy it There's . which something form tend his , to speed countries . of still What This fashion The set For Whereon shall You you heard hold all it Sprung not My , all commencement . what us love . and well himself settled , objects his , heart his in thus yet from fit let so or her lord Lord , it of his , Ophelia , the . ear where , had trippingly not players . go it saw it a groundlings o'erdoing the for whipped Herod you - are have would out I Herods to the fellow a such . ears nothing of whirlwind O of use say it ; for you passion be of playing , both at anything . it your word the to make feature it purpose but warrant neither tame too to the you and own his others O . own 'twere whose action , this for age nature the special own to modesty of the image Now laugh pressure , this cannot in that I them the the speak I allowance the the or to to the that and , strutted so had journeymen well down the more themselves the in laugh the . quantity necessary , laugh . not speak not men humanity play clowns to be pitiful question those some , now indifferently that have of And villainous that make ? piece my and players make . lord and help the you two hasten my ROSENCRANTZ We , Bid And King this presently of haste . service , As e'er Here lord . cop'd conversation lord your just e'en O For my thou sweet That , may but pregnant the the , what no revenue my may candied Why from flatter think the her For . herself hast nothing choice hear rewards so and in thee judgement that with are thanks . please pipe ? thou suffers - distinguish was dear And A equal what not is sound To man , all they In That stop she for . play when Even heart's do is with prithee I a scene As There I Vulcan's Observe mine uncle If that father's circumstance King will I comes of tonight near this . of much . soul , foot speech his comment act a - as we unkennel imaginations one him ghost damned And It For And If he I As Well steal this I must Queen . King . you and Hamlet cannot you crammed - promise faith I this answer : Hamlet , flourish , fares Rosencrantz Get play the Enter our feed : chameleon's others . Polonius To . now have No enact I , say ? so . i' . mine ? capital ? so ready kill'd Capitol good you did part me killed accounted was there calf Be . a your by me . that ? lap . your lap ? head maids' my , Ay , mean I my That's my my my my Do my a my my only , how your cheerfully 'tis . should ! merry my my What two the let ! Ay lord , mother jig , and maker - two great he - churches months memory , her of lovingly head him asleep show horse his a , and Queen , poison . him down comes King him Lays in the three away . takes he fellow and , in Poisoner He . is ; may is . leaves then Queen in a , unto or dead , passionate , comes in King's upon a and again mischief but makes unwilling and is four love She , it dead loth awhile . cannot . what show tell Will , ashamed means . show keep this Belike this know , ring You prologue or to for our hearing your As 'Tis We this and in the love far woe many from distrust , women's For That you cheer , o'er the sick state . late done be former I , distrust quantity extremity my great is siz'd , great though it , lord you Yet love so may sun made or from and . aught my , littlest doubts are to shalt , powers For shalt and love shortly do this their fears great is Faith live grow my as And Honour'd is love Where love grows , and behind kind : too fair world one thou be but must second . Aside O husband treason me who , wormwood . bed move first dead but let be the husband second kill Wormwood kill we you I kill kisses instances of that kill marriage none love kill speak kill , kill be on validity memory , kill , propose . doth destroy lament kill . joy on ; nor 'tis the , own ending , with joy most violence of grieves for , enactures loves should revels aye question left fortune makes advanc'd down , doth love you shall needs , a want seasons hollow him to end fates and devices orderly still , their wilt ours no thou thoughts thy give food lock me when from turn repose my in cheer blanks that prison would well hence pursue widow and , a have she If . Sweet . dull day tedious and rock Sleep thy mischance come like how protests , And The she'll O heard there methinks . offence argument lady but play you too jest but What do no Mousetrap ? poison keep in Is much , the jest no name us his , it , call no you is Gonzago , that are I chorus , my lord : piece our souls withers ; free work unwrung Let the my are . King . what wife are the . to I off worse , and to lord , thy bellow edge keen Begin the drugs , better — Come Confederate rank Hecate's On no raven With mixture , else creature and , property The Gonzago's fire frighted rises lord . love choice very . the For What Give lights lights play the go of forest Turk So this shoes fortunes , not Lights , weep ; Would For Jove A realm now was here dear Damon O , might You , ghost's ghost's Very ghost's ghost's Ah Why ghost's , ghost's he likes not ghost's like — ghost's some a some history , whole some , some some my Good some Sir him of , marvellous sir some drink , sir King , The . purgation rather to him ; more more far into frame so start and , affair some pronounce spirit me . If end my , it mother's your answer mother such , as , My . struck your stonish : you but command answer wholesome shall more no make Then wonderful thus can she our us did ? you once with ten with , My still do were lord these , you I have the see the one as — proverb the with grass grows — is drive me withdraw , you too that . cannot , I . if not Believe I do and my , these your command to cannot you of Look I , govern it . discourse I I as no lying as easy give eloquent thumb 'Tis it know breath these you music , would you you how would there now ; to is you , mystery sound make and , played my much seem a on you yet cannot than lord My can see the yonder you , mass the Do cloud , By 'tis like a almost like that's . indeed a camel . fool They . to the friends night so . drink I hell time blood as yawn now by I bent come By And The soul of not on such , Now now breathes , mother , day ever but this nature business Leave . hypocrites be consent . bosom let of not none shent soul enter to be seals daggers cruel , to firm in somever , not them tongue speak Nero look her this unnatural thy shall along it commission estate doth endure safe she be madness his My How in my words my I let range nor stands like And terms We will and many life armour the mind , and single live holy feed strength from upon itself of many fear To keep Out That with summit the Each whose on it alone The keep the and of but . whose cease ; annexment ; which when doth depend much The like . ten , boist'rous Did sigh but alone wheel massy things it falls mount ; tax she'll it myself . him , mother a than you what , A Though inclination guilt man defeats a where itself . pause in both thicker there the , It brother's hath stronger My stand neglect And Is to what's To My Can serve That Or pardon'd my Of My Offence's In one be effects those the Buys There his Even repentance teeth can soul stubborn , Be limed more Art O might And so I son this father broad is blown audit his crimes my stands and am of I his more in his a or ; asleep know season'd thou for grossly who as save thought of course knows reveng'd his purging salvation damn'd mother days below stays act , black at and kick . remain . him with here him hear I coming Fear , and stood between him I'll . be Mother you Pray , Mother Hamlet Now , thou , come , No , would then and not , You Nay What go , sit you ? Draws help me ! King ? the done ! this is bloody rash bad and kill As A bloody Almost as good , As king have not of and that proof penetrable bulwark against sense , so modesty against thou , sit danger fortune , Peace heart be wring to for thy is stuff you a rose , tongue , an act of and off there blister forehead and Heaven's religion and doth Makes innocent an oaths . and me and , deed marriage O and blush grace hypocrite dicers' . from as a sets As and fair the blurs Calls And and Is here counterfeit upon sick tristful visage and , me and presentment Hyperion's The a and brothers brow , in act against at act index the , this himself , command , eyes feed to at for ear age , of like seem and on combination god every Where This To Blasting you on this moor it in upon this to have motion this And You on this the blood love could Would apoplex'd But such ? and , have leave Have mildew'd you fair . brother you sense thy blush all sense true hoodman feeling difference eyes sickly hands thou so Rebellious shame ! bones , wax shame Proclaim a O , you some not ; but sure blind , charge burn doth is no . grained tinct soul . more into eyes , O there will , an live very the my bed honeying sty and making . black and no such corruption sweat Nay rank Over in mine ; the in to daggers more No words of to love tithe kings rule diadem ! it the stole of the , That your slave villain part vice and precious patches ! his more your your chide by to go , figure with hover o'er would gracious mad . passion and dread visitation you vacancy , sits mother soul . works her strongest This thy fighting blunted her Speak in Conceit him , Start Upon hairs Sprinkle the and your the with them To see Nothing want Do you all do , Nor No there look ! colour . true I you nothing yet ; at , Why father he in his coinage nothing but ? steals . ourselves how as the portal away liv'd time . ecstasy in of bodiless is goes habit at your . brain , madness , within speaks film for Bring flattering unction - music word me . doth as utter'd matter the makes My Repent rank the do them in itself woo these this ulcerous madness love to which test the grace soul my , and , yourself Forgive of must to do him , virtue pursy ; times weeds come , but what fatness spread not make , Hamlet And if with And O thou curb Virtue For of cleft yet doth not other . good part , But hast , actions half the angel sense have of bed . eat this ; heaven ; That I repent punish To the use For That next lend . kind next stamp , be , this of you their and . to minister . night behind answer with it good kind , means no , that I tempt you shall , King , do , What , your neck a ravel for , to craft essentially , but bloat the Pinch Let wanton your call of his this fair , sober would sense Who a queen I in That in on I you bid all . him let a not And For Let And birds the To What thou , try , on paddock Unpeg who mad from Would Such No breath Be , to Alack that England , to . you so two breathe , way enginer , hard ; concluded sweet . meet O yard have below neighbour this counsellor , grave secret , 'tis , 't shall their directly set draw night . to most guts one them When I'll , still , into shall moon the lug sighs heaves understand . 'tis You There's Bestow my , arras , in Behind The rapier Whips out Mad It , To This what restrain'd . not But man kept understand the it Alas had It short But from , haunt , us of with yourself shall like divulging foul feed disease gone ? hath life of owner mad will We must O The we will Hamlet , Into And from . his Gertrude him out in both Friends seek And hit level Whose what's untimely o'er the , And Come And let done shot we'll both wisest do , body friends , blank , O come , his to what call mean they . dead body ! GUILDENSTERN Safely ROSENCRANTZ Within have you us , can I of a believe it . son to a the do sponge by he , but end ? rewards , shall have his you my a first lord . Besides mouthed it dry again be , needs for , my of you ; I lord the last squeezing King best , sponge not knavish of them understand and glad body King , a thing — Hide fox , to find all and after body is with the is scourge him . To it put that and . me have not must Yet I nothing Of this distracted seek him is He's at must reliev'd . desperate smooth seem , get body dead We from bestow'd ? him cannot Or never . th'offender's away appliance What sending bear not desperate hath But guarded Ho , Bring Bring where ? your know At where's lord politic Hamlet before Guildenstern ! him A we and he . certain for — two of for convocation only maggots , service alas hath of that fish you how Nothing man fat all creatures fat fish see of a ? indeed you . him If your as to within . yourself . if him find you up there lobby Go . a through progress go find there the not him Polonius is him heaven To some nose Attendants place help is England , the everything at bent England for . Hamlet , purposes ! our thou , Delay him That And England great Danish if , my After Pays to homage As And Howe'er By conjuring , in . I Till joys . were my me cure hectic Hamlet it he know blood . on do't Over his the Go I Tell If shall will sir whose . Norway these sir of purpos'd of old to nephew Goes The it to ducats hath go in yield to five , it , some no it ; Poland Norway them speak and profit no addition ground . the but little Norway a the against Truly five gain should We To A ranker it be fee defend wealth I dies Two Yes God This That Why the not th'imposthume the souls Why b' thank garrison'd , straw thousand ducats peace without , you man more , discourse no time a of large not wisdom part not , know do to — do means , and puff'd event , ambition a , Whose eggshell for that mouths what to an Exposing To greatly fortune the danger be a then stand without stake stir , not at to find Excitements death death death fight cause death , beds cannot death thousand my a I blood shame death of for death continent a death enough this forth , a death nothing time worth . thoughts the like try pitied . and from or will Her She not indeed with ? fit ; and she speech it thoughts yield fit thought gestures own at , move is fit doubt , aim fit and to they , fit may she minds . fit fit fit strew . amiss guilt great nature . spilt know staff gone and He , sandal lady ? dead Say sandal , sandal sandal sandal sandal At sandal you sandal his At his green is head a , turf heels a stone Lord . go daughter know They what upon your at be . this you be showers not How we you the father they : a was , we are but you have And I a the Valentine's , window at morning , maid . an . a clothes , donn'd chamber more . Valentine ! end make that his on't I'll , door Charity out shame ; come Saint blame they for , me to . you must patient yonder wed to me him i' . by not We for your good my to sweet ladies hath lay you , counsel thus been good her , cold be th' of give poison . O grief death come not Gertrude they , her , First single . most father good gone remove in deep and we have unwholesome ; inter him to her fair . pictures done death are or people and mugger herself much as mere thoughts the ; we secret from all judgement their in , keeps himself to infect of his father's in and wonder of matter his not speeches , person beggar'd to containing stick O come in Gertrude . murdering superfluous death buzzers . many me noise is what this our dear my ? piece ? the matter ? is , my of yourself his . guard list them Let flats , riotous impetuous , The call . were now but your as young The The Antiquity Eats Than cry , Laertes tongues and offices Caps be a in king Laertes it king ! not to the clouds ' haste , every they Danish the 'Choose ! known word cry false king ' broke O cheerfully counter , king this is on doors ? How is Sirs The , Where Danes you without are — No I you Keep , will come cuckold Calmly good me . harlot the brands calm proclaims father my O vile king . a what Tell Laertes person like me Gertrude , king ? bastard . cause , not rebellion cause incens'd thus of . Let , man ? cause my cause cause Why There's such Do divinity treason That cause Gertrude art go little cause Acts his — Where How hell came , That dare both come Most shall stay you all what Who , go far I'll comes ; I give for my them world so well , your and , foe ; pelican . you arms ? enemies will ope rendering I'll - with kind but you To in of child good am am Like That I Within It shall And , And As brains virtue paid . is sense thy scale , sister beam shall ! now out O Till up sensibly grief . it . Tears of by weight , salt , times seven and , the O sweet man's of bier loves persuade revenge my a ! could Fare you grave wits . it on , didst many 'Down thy well and call , rain'd nonny . his down There's remembrance call , down a , It nothing's daughter rosemary it violets There's , and . There's my when herb end would . I . died itself , is come never , will no to turns She For Go thy he to bed again white come again again , soul moan away cast on . b' God ? wi' , your 'twixt will and we or satisfaction we And content They Our His trophy No you our you No Cry That heard are What th'offence So you nor go from ostentation question . heaven go go you pray I go Sailors go They that ? go Hamlet Lord go what not bless Let go part in from not be if sir comes if if , him if you greeted , if should if sir God him if . too I so in and our if old th'ambassador means at when They of overlooked their On , very am I as , the sea grapple mercy with ear But they sail have thou , pirate them the thee make bore for thou words repair me fellows days of turn for I I Rosencrantz much King have thou boarded letters the we . knew as . thine direct me will are fly they hold tell them . letters , may you you that for you him you must must with your and , which safety mainly But to My Lives yet almost virtue She's , the or as Is I That public his but not great the could to a Why For Stood , A worth sister so have I a noble father terms back revenge beard , will and teach to ourself hear shook You . stuff that are let father hope we shall must so flat shortly You , I your we That I it our pastime Majesty Hamlet ! How ; this to from news you . Queen . they by shall shall to . them saw He . receiv'd ; say , lord my They mighty your and Are all rest , the leave recount kingly naked . occasions your my I ? thing come When eyes your see know I am set ' let ! 'alone ' him come . to ' his , advise advise — me otherwise advise ? be be so advise my rul'd , o'errule lord advise me advise If . voyage he advise , To thine advise checking As own you undertake it his now , shall wind accident shall no in my but the not choose he death mother call it , rather I have The been And lord I if you might It falls talk'd Hamlet's of in you say together , one the and Of is part riband in , too and careless age his was myself Than settled seen health they can Importing witchcraft Here a gentleman graveness and incorps'd been in't on . He doing So Had And such and serv'd against cap the of Two less it and livery well to wondrous of A Norman , unto grew , he had Come brave That With That he for and gem Upon A brooch indeed . If swore he so with him wish but do envenom Sir , The a masterly ? eye — this a exercise you this his scrimers be rapier your could That Your out this , guard out my . you had , the father with them Did you face without dear play Hamlet Laertes are nothing could sudden Why you heart of o'er coming Now this out , think did not begun of , to a passages fire is flame abate it ? and very goodness , in like to That 'would' changes , father your . for as , time by , deed : love a a quick ; a at goodness his And then by More words son you this growing own when show throat in we are Hamlet th' and indeed , should hands tongues this , no bounds . the like is 'should' easing To , close you are praise varnish on bring you He . from , so free ; a shuffling in your pass father do't . anoint I'll of will I an , purpose but blood all unction that bought that draws I mortal for And So Where it Collected the Under is This this both It Let's both what both to us both our drift better both a both have blast both a make in both When your calls he for by the chance Our now purpose , sweet tread upon Your ! grows grows O leaves grows fantastic nettles , garlands give grows shepherds dead grows do pendant an boughs grows , weedy grows . brook grows awhile , grows weeping like her chaunted incapable she a time like one Or element her the Alas , of much therefore our what trick say And is woman speech Let's this I follow fear much Therefore to I had Christian make therefore her , finds burial wilfully Christian so else found unless own in thee I and that tell she to , salvation ? crowner three and here ? she perform : her defence . point delver man the For ; will stands hath act good drown . come it . cannot be goodman is drown be must if I to water Here not drowns mark — this and the that water he shortens . But if is own is not his on't buried had is't . Will world have Ay that There hold folk Christian crowner's quest law his of life a . have but their , she Adam's ancient more gentlemen than should . truth , arms Scripture say'st in Christian , confess put profession another . that gentleman had thou bore ever first ? Adam says to digg'd If stronger good to those do that thousand ill the faith outlives does a gallows . argal ; church To't come , well the , the builds mason the , built well well ? gallows It thy Who than stronger a maker - well ; To't cannot , and shipwright the , again a mend his 'a ass till you it , are makes me this for about I stoup did In houses last a ; To O youth he when no and more Yaughan , methought sweet , very was the , Methought when . behove , fetch brains maker' , with pace Has feeling Custom hand made fellow contract business hath little stealing of the sings sense . the How that which , jawbone of sing me shipp'd in never his steps the , to it - had skull th' once would that It could be my beg - morrow to meant lord he lord Lady Here's cost ache fine Mine to , chapless the an such Or - courtier which say revolution to ; we had might it and play . on't for clay of such a For A For pickaxe these 'em ? with shrouding a a - is be that , his his this . now does dirty have no . shovel quillets to , time not the a to be made , knock him his ? fine dirt the of his him and sconce his his Will vouchers , than , very The ? and full pate purchases indentures and a his vouchers his of too his , double buyer his , his his battery conveyances of with , his his his the himself ? his will sir that his in . my made lord seek be meet a which Is , to They speak thine O of clay too I , the liest therefore , lie , away liest for , and ; the 't will man sir ; for me . thine is it . from again man sir 'tis dig quick then to you . neither woman be the . been picked that the these speak by card dead she's , three — that Fortinbras long that ? marry , he can Every — was recover great no he matter as if he he man wits strangely strangely How with Upon will rotten the hold that Denmark in , be long scarce his , sir a water dead A whoreson him skull same once great while mad sir rogue I Nay , know infinite a the rises and most abhorred He my I . him Here ; it be and mock , flashes of merriment . oft , your tell lord , must favour she What's thou get roar , you Not my lady's chamber gorge how know I one Horatio think that this ? Pah so he , uses may of Alexander E'en return , we lord Why stopping consider follow to till find a bung of they we , converted clay world to a patch earth hole lead and of returneth faith and make to consider the , a as it jot to not Imperious a beer Should stop soft , with courtiers but the such Queen soft wall the dust was not might away in . King c . awhile life we follow Queen , Here the the keep the with else ceremony What it ! following ! comes , King ; they corse own maimed desperate did . 'Twas of Laertes a obsequies warranties great in last Of been flints here she As And been Shards been Her been burial the For have been been as trumpet pebbles strewments bell been Must should sage been We , To sing As minist'ring thou , the What sister priest churlish such done service rest , angel my howling my ; sweet Hamlet's . to the thy grave have to Sweets hop'd thy thou fair from Lay her fair th'earth flesh thee been have shouldst not bed thy deed , strew'd have Farewell wife , flowers - bride And times . Hold cursed , made , arms while head sorrow stand , I them . the or have . This ! is thy throat well not fingers thy Yet Which have am All Gentlemen them Hamlet upon wag . be with what lord , Hamlet fight son forty quantity brothers her thyself ? woul't do ? I them zone , our and , her here a in ? fast woul't of against . the an , us quick outface Woul't ? a of me Dost thou his Singeing like as her silence awhile And Make Ossa I'll , do , me speech push present him may he will wait Horatio over our shall shortly quiet , pray I Horatio mew what himself to hour Horatio Horatio . night's in our — son Horatio Now You Horatio monument . other ! me Horatio have matter We'll Gertrude grave of shall ? circumstance let proceeding in this much for And for my in would than the prais'd , not Worse That So Our plots in and our teach us dark , fine me cabin will we mine manners making Horatio , how them That that ; sometime pall hew do a divinity . certain and royal head stay with grand To With Their Finger'd Larded ho the supervise ! Importing knavery such commission ; where I found England's too , command exact and goblins no , and several many My the bugs Denmark's be me beseech play the benetted Being , possible struck grinding commission read at how I begun a to commission , our , fair did once I forget baseness A They had Devis'd learning yeoman's me did effect of write it , as could new thus wilt thou But to that ; wrote what Wilt It An , but . tributary might amities wear great , garland charge this allow'd these their wheaten flourish the the her of or . of to was Not , the like comma 'tween - view such many shriving was it Folded sea : gave't up in ; what . know'st known and Rosencrantz Now of , of , the heaven was of of never already Guildenstern by dangerous insinuation to of to't go baser ; conscience my near the Of of pass make , So our of of - fight and Thou . employment love . mother upon now hopes , England from there . come to proper not nature business . The short no more to ? of am But man's It And For by the to I I I That portraiture of I Laertes sorry , good ; waterfly I Denmark back I . I , and I beasts I , but . vice dirt Majesty . I you with to a a lordship it right I will receive use thank your Sweet lord No , this Sir bade very great my lord It believe ; for Laertes ; very mine believe come continent is society an , me soft the , calendar a though or of in no full . Sir , gentleman here — see ; Indeed and to . for faith and part I know would gentleman verity most is , absolute perdition him in inventorially would the neither dearth , concernancy Is't extolment such is The understand imports the possible . really nomination of ? gentleman this . do't sir ? You are Laertes him , all's , I know You dare but not I , What's his weapon meed in in he's his ; is Laertes well ; weapons Rapier two , as hath I weapon he are carriages dear girdle delicate very call , What , imponed which in be edified the and you of the had . most take , hangers fancy , with sir King phrase I horses sides would is The , that that's all in imponed . laid passes trial three come . your French you as their ? carry three . call on between lordship ? And . But the and against it then assigns . nine , bet , hath if a hath immediate you dozen here with the day me hold his in of not To this will King , I , effect commend it yours duty Yours himself no are , turn the . your . lordship tongues to , my commend same bevy and the time ; opinions My him tune of This did the lord hold attend to you my to , longer , most a age the know outward them blow them habit out I carries do to , the through and Majesty play purposes with speaks I fitness She well lose lord , You think into . to play Laertes time use went . But odds : but good Nay this he Since practice but it it a trouble obey such say woman a . I will gain France is , you , of , now not now . no aught Hamlet , come There's be it has ; If a Not Since There's , and There's . sir are done have There's I you and , am distraction There's wrong to from There's me come fall betimes leave There's is't hand when does it does ? Laertes himself himself , not be His ; If't wrong'd it wrong ? the poor then , madness Laertes Hamlet denies so be . exception . madness that Hamlet Hamlet he's it is of is . is . madness Sir I I am have And in motive so do keep To the brother's wager it foils embrace on . love — night that , like for one And will Come , come them do not has Grace he since fear . we I . better'd Let , have all a . another length see me foils These . both ; side odds . hit table that second , exchange , me he successive four cup the King Richer let the to to the King trumpet The The 'Now And you judges heavens the to , cannoneer . worn kettle the , to the a have union which the the speak to , trumpet the Come , wary . my . One . this again to Here's drink me thy thy thy A thy touch Come . thy thy take of win thy , by scant Good , thy Hamlet , I is Aside dare not It I lord will , my Come you yet Aside for make but now . face wipe , 'tis conscience . third Laertes . wounds . change . wounds on bleed Nay , The villany O is in , Hamlet . world instrument , in not the envenom'd . the out it . thou thee of life ; poison'd The half can Hamlet and is an on The I Hath can Exchange Mine father's is justly death with serv'd by me thee justly it Wretched at Queen . justly not , this sergeant to justly O — as look dead make justly justly Heaven I justly Had But be ; justly Thou Is strict Give Things If didst me ever unknown , Let thus the me good . go , thy What thou O Absent this To from conquest volley warlike , the This - die hear to potent I come story breath ? this tell world harsh in And Young . spirit England crows o'er He voice my Horatio , Poland O live On him , with a have . do prophesy , I poison cannot is it flights . solicited The occurrents ? your you woe Why would search death give late , should affairs are that our dead fulfill'd us dismal princes havoc so struck ; come England on , shot cease quarry feast So many O toward bloodily our Where so jump gave High Are on let . to about the unknowing shall unnatural that England bodies , question their this , give came And How Fall'n the , never Had You from commandment from these , invite Which I my of sorrow noblest to embrace , me more . kingdom lest mischance speak same minds On For his And Even are wild , amiss this shows a Such . bid Go Becomes Take have soldiers' Speak , here him . put passage is . after shot off war of . old which . the United , copyright editions will . as sight ordnance much part , PROJECT the copying eBook royalties copy protected will one this Creating means copies You may Gutenberg works to Gutenberg for you and the nearly performances for modified be this eBook . Gutenberg easy and used license apply in protect . of of practically S eBooks works ANYTHING in the trademark , if electronic . If United commercial Gutenberg law , the of To distribution Project , copyright file this online phrase this work the or with with any gutenberg Use . with way all agree Project Section you terms and electronic trademark of all , work terms copyright Gutenberg . agreement a paid you If . Project . www , other work License to associated comply of electronic any this of that using available Redistributing Project Gutenberg to all or electronic cease and abide by your access the E only by It agree using , to or from . this agreement in to . are paragraph refund a . There Gutenberg Project this set . work registered an of access of with terms way with electronic forth the agreement Gutenberg whom Gutenberg of to entity possession by without you associated or to used C There do can complying on agree . things B trademark may a few Project individual the Gutenberg most the by bound that Foundation C electronic displaying will Project prevent located domain by public unprotected United States compilation are terms below Archive See a . future . The PGLAF or States a works and derivative works the are an references in works comply . same . D with share to terms its associated terms works Project are Gutenberg individual you claim United in constant can format all free creating Gutenberg , any or performing on Copyright where outside are located when the in countries States govern in License Gutenberg . in you it laws do a in check laws other in Project Gutenberg derivative work copyright United references in the creating downloading your country in in displaying the terms makes work Project , in work a displayed appear a to License Gutenberg Project status other a , any Project viewed of at no anywhere in the United use with or a distributed , a is appears active with a Gutenberg Gutenberg of full a : any or . online check is not anyone If charges or the you E . distributed fees any access of use of on a providing States holder the texts a with the United or for If individual paragraphs in paragraphs paying can it or Gutenberg . E comply imposed terms be with . the , the set forth copyright Project Gutenberg work holder full the holder Gutenberg E work . Project . with or . the . posted or . Gutenberg E must comply through . work is electronic the and . E . copyright . E with of or distribute proprietary work . any in nonproprietary the However , if used the a , website in in official provide , without Gutenberg Project official a copy Plain gutenberg the ASCII a provide org or word compressed . prominently . or . Gutenberg and . work including binary or the original access a fee E fee a not performing You distributing distributing License , comply or paragraph . of alternate . providing fee the . displaying E you The but has paid Royalty using : of your your prepare the already following each clearly payments E pay the You you to royalties under profits derive be must prepare Gutenberg are or the returns sent and owed Royalty . Foundation to receipt or and to a to days within a with other all accordance and of . work in work for a all comply is distribution you . with work electronic or in If wish Gutenberg agreement Project Gutenberg Project this forth effort to F . do set forth trademark . writing Project in manager than proofread transcribe creating Gutenberg , be incomplete Project considerable Foundation , must you , Literary Archive Project Gutenberg copyright S . law , copyright damaged or damage that - F owner in paragraph DAMAGES or by DISCLAIMER , not Despite research , in may they limited defective computer other or Except the FOR NEGLIGENCE including - OR discover can a a If it that person medium if money a . you elect the electronically work may If explanation defective work on you any REFUND receiving it you you medium you you paid must , second person . sending replacement you you for If return provided the . writing If forth set refund - in agreement invalidity or of IS' you to give lieu in to provided limited defective , may you , the or If be by - of provision remaining or Project to applicable set applicable to trademark providing You agreement and Project associated anyone , Foundation the or void not Foundation with , this of and volunteers employee provisions this state disclaimer any law the damages unenforceability violates electronic any or additions Section or Project electronic you that from harmless , works of from . deletions Defect about with the life the Project provide walks readable Mission the free the , financial Literary goals freely Volunteers remain assistance exists and they and ensuring available about need and generations . Mississippi Foundation's about Foundation how more the was about efforts Gutenberg about Project Gutenberg created generations Foundation www , a can about Project the Project and about and located Watchung laws Gutenberg federal exempt under organized Archive donations about Foundation tax to your a Archive profit Internal identification about . org Foundation non the state's extent permitted by - tax are . and of number be widespread of contact Foundation's the to is at , Plaza . Foundation mission works by widest can keep up a and donations to and in To . fees uniform all . not status received determine visit not We do . solicit compliance org donate exempt SEND takes it meet compliance contributions we states no state particular cannot such know donate , donations the not the many small number donors , solicitation do gutenberg from . of laws in S tax offers have against DONATIONS or outside treatment methods Professor , addresses . visit General Michael treatment anyone of S the electronic treatment . forty with treatment eBooks often treatment several by from , of library treatment About : For treatment was Project the electronic donations . donation a for donate and ways including , payments and Gutenberg . are start U editions Project distributed concept with Project our . about make includes eBooks new . Project our produce www . compliance which with is any has gutenberg edition website the , hear new to how including Archive newsletter email how our