there ? the live . twelve Get . come struck relief had ? sick quiet much I And this of night good Horatio bid ho ground . you is Dane . reliev'd night - hath night And to this the , place , Give Holla him . of ? tonight Marcellus of along night good , hold fantasy us him take twice entreated minutes the have sight dreaded I this him seen have I nothing come again , belief may That our if watch to against , from course let Last us And When Had it burns night , then The What are That bell his part all , Well same the pole , it where figure the Where yond that's now thee , speak break off . beating that again , one — to it and fear . scholar not Looks Thou it the Horatio of me . wonder to ? the . Question would it harrows It spoke that , Horatio . warlike buried of and heaven By away charge not , sometimes Did ! is offended I ! speak ! and , speak it stalks look ? fantasy will ! pale ! he the avouch ? you not think I might Norway very , sledded 'Tis particular , hath jump . on the when before stalk and combated thyself he When Good now this watch . not dead ice in our know my work scope eruption me observant the brazen of for whose ; land implements of most subject tell knows that . opinion he ? me - is't Who make Why And And So Why Sunday Was , as Did Sunday For slay Whose Sunday At Sunday you prick'd combat our who law , moiety return'd conqueror competent had to ; Well this Fortinbras on a by . Our us , Norway pride our and all the which a the , hot the ; the Against Which by with the of those , his lands , design'd here , Norway of , lawless of to , there and sir article ; same young resolutes lands it , Fortinbras no state strong by those And our motive . our , watch this unto us , other portentous so state mind's the but in and , lost And So The the watch sort the this and haste Well Comes was Did As sick almost like harbingers And preceding empire eclipse still of the coming with stands star streets the doomsday events on fates , and climatures , If cross even earth I'll there thee do good me ease any Speak , earth If happily Which hast it behold earth If O earth But earth , Extorted if me to earth , to speak hast thou Or to privy ! treasure in the and ! speak ! Marcellus , thy avoid of , in in it will , if strike Stop Do with it . Stay , you it partisan ? not at We For our is as the show , offer To blows , when malicious mockery , majestical ! so crew , violence vain it do And , cock , a And , This The was started fearful Upon Doth Awake Whether , in sea or day trumpet , morn the heard throat , night celebrated , stir , spirit - warning , probation made and fire ; and to erring And of the earth or air hies truth . the present . object they are takes , yon in of and high mantle believe . it . hill part the in my by do and the ; up , the dew watch impart dumb do't Where pray our you young us our Unto Attendant . Voltemand Laertes needful in we shall As Let's in one With With Have mirth to scale ; wisdoms along For better wife weighing , and have affair follows thinking weak this be fail'd a Or state by disjoint supposal He Colleagued not Importing our To Lost Now this pester us out of to with the surrender advantage his of is So we rid - bed nephew's ; to suppress , writ is levies , Voltemand Norway is , is hears all and greeting further to and and , Out The is Of His lists is this gait his For that In it , nothing of And ; Of business To head The That is more throne wouldst the hand not Dread be to some of speak suit cannot my favour and show your told lose You What more voice not . asking mouth father to , gracious your to my My thoughts ; France toward again your and Polonius my leave at it thy my . son and less and still hang , kind — I his laboursome lord , will petition spend , Hamlet kin cousin , But than on than sun the off Denmark , the more much clouds lord , is so , Do And Seek know'st Thou Ay it it is cloak my the . seem , not ? common breath know mother , black solemn good seems , father ; play woe . bound persevere a to your passeth of river haviour . forms within a moods they know stubbornness will 'Tis , and unschool'd ; some and your ; might which and have I sweet give obstinate condolement incorrect a simple thing peevish a , we Why to Take That An a impious It For As be be In heart we most be the most , a impatient common be be earth . to less be for and the to no which dearest the impart going In be be corse immediate let pray whose , Is To reason of the first till he you of go us with not Here the courtier bend school cheer chiefest Our Be Why as This ourself thy stay my mother in we beseech And and , lose cousin her Let thee in No the And that O Thaw and the itself solid Everlasting this resolve too the unforc'd and gentle 'tis a Denmark accord of away Come flesh a would God and 'tis uses . O ! melt shall drinks today , tell shall heaven too , and come months that 'gainst to on't to seed Oh ! it excellent dead Fie That he to Seem How grows that and would she so loving is name within had , not — month him those discourse , but Would O God longer Hercules to married tears my even were , hang winds the . of ; ere yet Why too face Visit her Frailty — appetite thy a on , eyes mine of father of to , with a month of sheets to tongue . I wicked in most of , the . speed , post of of good come must it , nor of dexterity to cannot . lord well myself do servant friend ? My you . Good sir even , ever , change Marcellus good make disposition would But that with name , you very am what I I yourself make shall hear know you you deep drink to faith see We'll My Against To it I teach what came to see fellow ? father's it prithee to affair not say your lord do you , I , I Did , thrift mock met , eye lord my mind's he . The day my Horatio in the tables marriage funeral . all . father like all in Season attent of to these a for till The lord I My the This nights For With Upon together A Barnardo waste . middle let . father , the figure of and the In And Where The as , I with thing , dreadful In dumb Form secrecy third night kept the in we . watch away , loud . in cock morning like haste 'Tis the as it I ; address , and yet crew would did methought once speak shrunk from my honour'd it it in , troubles down lord very I And did think , live We saw lord look'd , he in anger toe head not wore his foot . his he would I And , Nay fix'd eyes . BARNARDO tell like very much you ? hundred had . have amaz'd and moderate . Not one with Longer saw't no his . will walk 'twill , seen you my I will my noble watch tonight silver'd . should all , pray you , tongue fare ye . sight I , it warrant If speak though hold you it it me Let And Give Your then Though the sit my play the Upon loves spirit : would is night the : them are as in earth necessaries , I And For Hold A let convoy My ? a . suppliance , nature blood , benefit give not favour not minute ; do , assistant is For bulk service of the he cautel loves besmirch , soul alone ; lasting of perfume No it Perhaps of weigh'd is to is but more waxes and now grow this nor will , for no his and must of this therefore not , And Unto he His In thews The soil virtue inward Grows he his Then Whereof is the fits what too unmaster'd , credent your importunity my it or heart your weigh lose , Out the shot the Fear keep The chariest her prodigal your enough of be infants of imminent . the their and buttons calumnious not liquid most lies none itself to th'effect of though blastments Contagious morn the rebels , this But dew disclos'd the : youth near keep lesson else fear in are heart ungracious as to my a me Do and some . and thorny steep puff'd path And Show double blessing a is sits And the in . long you Be thou them Those friends The wind smiles each do unto - that Give Bear't entrance But Of man's every But ear , but can ; as thine each Take man Of dull thy thou Grapple soul thy quarrel apparel express'd Are And Neither a borrower select France habit may but being in . voice thy of beware , few gaudy that : thee , tend . day and itself loses and to own in . my Farewell The time , have . shall yourself 'Tis my invites you , you and , What touching hath you Marry hath , please time private he Ophelia something , you , And me 'tis must the honour your and daughter the Lord and — my you his You like , perilous such Unsifted ! I Do Affection He you I'll not you these think more , what yourself the dearly pay baby , a me with . tender fashion fool to importun'd wind the you'll it may lord to teach — tenders a phrase of for . me ; prodigal From a making time lord , go heaven do , show are , he few ; implorators to better Breathing But of that dye his their In like mere Not lord . air . What struck near season walk very is eager an and draws of it hour lacks No Wherein ? does drains - to And And More custom The the honour'd my Makes Soil By Oft too some of in our in forts and , The in As mole for So and tax'd of and with phrase mole , height are ; much mole perform'd at mole , mole evil , mole , grace o'erleavens reason men corruption , defect these mole of choose pales of one star The take as pure of stamp or they Fortune's a . goblin a such Thou thee wicked com'st airs and Look all fault . substance censure , hell charitable answer tell , me thee questionable shape defend me father or from damn'd spirit thee with ministers Angels thou Be Bring from heaven to , Be . I'll in speak thee his op'd That To cast , night horridly ? this thoughts With As if It . a action ground did impartment our What it courteous with go no then , will , what Why not will It speak ; And I It waves tempt it if Or That Which you place puts toys motive more draw very me forth . toward you flood , cliff , every Think sea . me I'll waves many beneath . follow roar go your hands . not shall Be Still I'll ! make petty My makes hardy Go imagination ghost Unhand call'd on — am And heaven , not He I . state this ? I'll . it Denmark in rotten Speak follow direct hearing serious to thou unfold thou I for Till And Doom'd for a the purg'd term to spirit . art To of ears If And blood ever love dear , be , not must most List blazon combined particular this as , Murder But this most me O murder unnatural ! the and wings love thoughts the or this find duller in sleeping in ease . the thee ; of . swift . weed my revenge . beast adulterate uncle prophetic O that gifts and of incestuous his Mine wit the lust . falling , of will that wicked O to seduce , wit what With those will power , with , her virtue marriage in made I sate And be let , though itself to court lust So O From hand love was of with to poor , mov'd air garbage celestial heaven be ; morning . a radiant a in wretch on . lewdness But of Upon a whose a on scent bed link'd never it in the within hour of the of on on , on on : dispatch'd , loathsome milk doth the courses of droppings bark'd tetter . vigour posset body did into and sudden blood with , sleeping So vile smooth in of body , my but even of all reckoning Cut but A couch but mother but adieu those to thy - sting but thorns worm Against And but And And To Adieu prick and poor distracted the globe . not ! adieu his Fare thee ; a holds Remember fie heaven O , all commandment and youth the Within That all volume woman by heaven , seat , while table ghost from all trivial alone all fond and , may , matter O smile . villain damned it , word ' . sworn't MARCELLUS . Within HORATIO Within Within So him ! lord Heaven Lord Hamlet secure it ! Illo ho ho , wonderful come . heaven of MARCELLUS — it by man you'll HORATIO then But And Why I hold so , business fit it your that more circumstance hands shall and — and without my . poor desire desire for I'll you hath business the ; part , you us friends soldiers We . we . swear't will . vision tell between me now seen . sword stage ? fellow my , my Art under sworn my sword lord Upon , there . Swear , thou ? seen shift gentlemen upon my have ? friends you help come , work and . mercy strange . we be if they , meet myself might' , to help and , So need most . commend perturbed do poor love what your I a . me to , you in your . Hamlet man and your love you your your together set O , spite cursed your , Reynaldo . I him this do , visit you , good inquiry . and You Marry And That what and encompassment who first means what very Before My well Enquire , said and this do , thus Than , so What By know particular 'I — some , will knowledge you ' wild liberty , most ; well Reynaldo , say ; so wild him and companions ; may that put very there and ; wanton dishonour may Addicted and please or , lord no must not would My , Quarrelling drabbing That flash they my Faith you may blood , of faults quaintly , incontinency to season another him scandal on , meaning That's and in unreclaimed of outbreak seem may A And good , Marry thing good th' son . good ? good — lord good my But good good , I you , or the lord country this , or or . Where ? to . something say this guilty of you ; or The with so closes He By say , the say Very sir What to was about then good my about I say did ? he , say consequence say I , say ; say , reach of carp of and . bias you — say , marry consequence' the , and or , as rouse sale' of house forth truth and . See , perchance and now not ? have . you have fare my him Well let Ophelia , now How lord my , have the what's . his ankle , purport out piteous so loosed been look , down head his was sewing knees for Mad speak As To My me lord , He Then me his brow ; so stay'd arm , lets profound down , and all so such thus shatter done to sigh being He rais'd his At And thrice with to o' out it did — a piteous his went their without his he ecstasy our will . I hard given natures as but ; repel did good does As me . I fordoes under am did , jealousy age our better it is it I And To be had To thee fear'd in ourselves as . made . I his and denied . mad he beshrew , Guildenstern you . sort close kept King might dear we Moreover we , Welcome Hamlet's to Rosencrantz much and see , heard it should of with him , in days young being , his of time much dream so I brought you himself thus , death . here youth his to , to from , on him Whether So Some , That To That since little to us open'd within unknown occasion two adheres more To whom show much am , aught hath gentry and us with of remembrance , please you hope king's receive If time profit shall fits As Your supply visitation the to I Good As expend and . our it , of . you is , of . to good my practices and Heavens , Ay been good : have brain King mine lunacy very hold my think not us'd ; that feast . hold I and — this policy of of trail or else so . found in he main is father's I , o'erhasty . distemper of sweet queen all ? marriage ! brother desires . arrests out and , age Highness , sickness borne That an levied old vow Makes It As such regards dominions On Meantime Go our My is liege night home time . be to But , I , swear true with less but else outward the , is and that that for flourishes that madness mad all . pity that remains , that art that that Ophelia beautified is vile a you shall . Now gather soul's vile from . move doth are ; stars to these truth But ill . numbers O , fire Hamlet ? be not believe is machine , art him , ear by hath time given As Thine dear . I All out more , by how What of I When As fain But might the wing , means love . hath she ? you you of honourable on what you that , bespeak gave to dumb think , tell what might you I , Majesty the winking love ? prince mute round thy precepts resort . tokens no then sadness , ' lock messengers she a , no repulsed into lightness , into tale star with , I idle upon think Hamlet 'Lord This not Or look'd mistress No . the from to into a 'tis this . think Which done to the been It Do you all for now madness a positively it this circumstances this be said , know , I'd fain that so . ''Tis . Within hid the it hid find were otherwise prov'd otherwise indeed it centre hours together lobby walks lead , if will ? and you a time the encounter he he may in sometimes the know Here an we the try further the the reason poor sadly the no assistant If I and comes give the . beseech do . O , both me . Hamlet - away wretch Lord a . mercy my a honest so lord . a lord you were honest ten world thousand true , sir For , to picked one be . as . to't harping look a . I — suffered Words speak is words , What the matter mean sir I For faces they their have which All wrinkled slave you , not it old are be go backward honesty a purging lack eyes that . method is there yet the of madness walk be sir and . hold this you out happiness the lord o' that often meeting most me , take my life , life anything , lord . my is there he ; God dear children how do Guildenstern both . sir . lord My honoured How ! her . strumpet a ? the world's grown true ; she ? favours middle news in is news . not true is news that the most news news , she sends my , Prison that , news think Denmark news in lord my . and . one bad the it ; A itself the of not bounded , but shadow's shadow and . light very is I outstretch'd fay heroes my by servants most am , beaten the you . and th' to wait reason . GUILDENSTERN a but are Then Truly beggars' to too dear Were . I occasion at dreadfully . free , are Come inclining Is we , is not speak . you thank visitation ? Come . sent looks purpose I . But in Is , my thanks must , by teach . confession know What own with me the the , King have for which , your good by a , direct rights for by obligation the me direct with more , direct ? for an lord ; wherefore direct to secrecy your late exercises but will direct , I direct goodly this firmament direct ; and of thing piece no excellent frame the the and , man golden heavily for , of custom promontory sterile pestilent brave this , noble : what the thoughts . to ; in me' , of beauty my stuff so admirable reason it why , fire me lord My the , appears What of work is how how how the be — his you think players quintessence was when man 'Man said in I them you shall his part and foil are offer the whose the ; that shall clown sigh whose shall make gratis . say whose knight those whose same hold whose they whose I when the Do I endeavour tyrannically the How children most so aerie , their stages goose Who are sing can 'em so These out but . grow are them scarce they . the ? writers common ? the . thither , question say . is ? money . holds players ? are How they escoted Will do the away much Is't the to to and while player for , forty , could . philosophy 'Sblood load . those too throwing lord my ; my him it more apiece they Do boys it about , picture his father is of Denmark , find . out for uncle King for than the give little The the comply than mother You . me . the the tell , hands Let , like to Your . ceremony players the and entertainment wind the father uncle more is extent the appear fashion lest . fairly , welcome but north from handsaw is his a hearer clouts an they That . southerly ear , with be , second me time to to I for twice you Guildenstern My , and Well is , you gentlemen . of at is — to them . news lord I to have tell right will , sir you actors Upon , either - heavy Plautus scene pastoral tragedy , individable too only men , tragical for historical the each The come , my historical liberty . his on . the poem history - light , for the treasure a nor . hadst ? and , daughter Jephthah . ' daughter well ? love . it , most , then lot God ? not my was . lord well , wot more see What face glad Thy am will you then , abridgement . know like show pass to pious my first are good . to my chanson thou , be of cracked in Denmark the French your old me ladyship anything , you Masters For look where than voice fly taste of if or , give passionate , as I , But . matters cried was I excellent , million others modesty an , never ? speech a like Come , top in no were in such general once in What a in the speak , in heard caviare not play matter very but in more one in well in , affectation , I cunning author of much line : me let so lay his he now With With vile o'ersized like proceed you mothers with , mothers good antique mothers Pyrrhus , mothers . seeks Priam a mothers and gore , and accent mothers , spoken So finds in , him finds . where sword finds crash , sword head milky i' on finds and with the th'air , finds stick finds , thunder , new him for never region bold hush as winds in as . against will see heavens the death But so after Pyrrhus' pause , below , you her away , spokes all low As the the as is jig barber's the a Say queen' to About barefoot had the if A Who The Unless Would Where Run In mincing of did see themselves gods instant things burst with tongue have her husband's caught o'erteemed , lank , seen in of with she his state would treason make her at made Pyrrhus move mortal made the sword milch clamour in passion . will used After lord , much whipping 'scape should man less bodikin more Follow hear thou Dost deserve better . Use them merit after sirs is We'll . bounty Take you my Ay old him , friends , ha't dozen or that and are good . lord Good you friends lord Guildenstern . leave look and . lord , till Is in it To , But not and , for Hecuba to ? him her ? function aspect visage distraction stage passion would for the ? motive weep he I That A to his her force Tears his and drown with speech , free ear dreams - The dull cleave mad a damn'd A can Upon was and Yet he do for horrid the indeed . say As by off calls Who deep me Like 'Swounds I make should I But ! as am , to the And pigeon To A , Why what Prompted to Must this Remorseless I That , an treacherous the I , villain ! brave words drab of a at cunning ! soul the that malefactions no I'll observe quick . organ though miraculous the . I'll of his he . murder have sitting brain cursing fall a by Have That , They so struck to shape very , spirit these , that I have perhaps , I'll . and spirits hath devil my play's the thing melancholy with . me he a the him With murder I tent uncle most the know Get him why harshly He does confess turbulent and feels But Nor him from do With Grating cause himself on him bring find would When Most much forcing And To did the fell way in seem are about have the a him that certain pastime to him I night To And all With Good have Gertrude shall We purpose give him hear see the matter much . behav'd , us sent Ophelia 'twere and encounter as his for . you th'affliction That your for And be If't And Will so bestow ourselves that , of suffers your . wish — To an oft exercise so . devotion's o'er colour may with sugar devil action we himself O that to We do such prov'd 'tis with thing doth Is harlot's not is my a him Than hear To be I 'tis take to and against of in lord my mind is sea To sleep to thousand : ay death , sleep may coil mortal There's man's and , the of himself might Who ? he grunt When bare That The the bodkin For That With a that The But and the bear would The The To returns , a from of moment turn , of of enterprises conscience fly Than undiscover'd country bear not death will we puzzles of dread know have , all awry resolution of cowards others rather we native the does us and of cast of . day deliver - I longed you , now re . of , did well lord mind their sweet gave , them honour'd I I My And I gifts Take As Ha ! givers rich to ; know when my rich rich more of the , ha rich rich Are your means better rich have , beauty . should fair ? lordship your , your of beauty of sometime than power , lord you This bawd the was you for lord it . I cannot you . shall you yet not offences as all them ambitious , with imagination you give I to at . breeder . you deceived loved me am than or crawling ? that my At home knaves What revengeful are be dost nunnery men know for If ; O and what Or thou enough heavenly paintings yourselves too . well and your nickname make God's powers no , have will , shall lisp , Go . face no I'll more , of what rest live The O courtier's , Now sweet Blasted suck'd spake out it with jangled out of most observers honey of , unmatch'd out Love he His though There's not I out see affections Will be out danger doubt do set Thus Was out demand down I , it determination out : neglected shall his , way that brood and sits lack'd in prevent England you expel different him I What beating in of variable do his in have some the With settled . and origin it if fit , of lord be it her , How well mother , show To be I'll wisdom all grief you need heard Your him . she him in the Ophelia ; had . go ; find must ones great best ; confine ; shall If think him or ; mouth spoke I thus - the ; as tongue pray as speech I , of O fellow as your fellow of a Herod Pray . warrant as be as action . own to as of nature . tear , a passion , to me you offends it passion ears it the dumb o'erdoing for it end the cannot must of not but whipped tame to neither and the , having others others . accent Christians of that highly be , Now her his was from the , of censure Christian , of well grieve heard it form to hold . image the mirror and but your age make , nature anything very or . speak no abominably and . sir them spectators be them bellowed laugh so , gait that , there and barren your make ready . be then laugh that play you ambition Will the And King hear too sweet ho you We , thou I Why , should the hast lord ; at as e'en just flatter . knee of lick do Nay , For That let the of pomp ? hear be spirits fawning thee fawning , fawning , finger me fawning wear , fawning the it of scene have fawning heart's thee , stop suffering thanks judgement and what I see'st Observe , thou play . passion's not are so for And pipe that man A To As That is not are they That my , and I will much the tonight Something ay , this act thy seen one his comment . unkennel ghost imaginations Give are If the in And For And Well the , will eyes mine I we censure of heedful ; rivet my lord . play . is aught will my As march after In Rosencrantz How of King a play will coming our cousin chameleon's cannot with Excellent answer words are i' . eat dish feed good you , play'd mine not the air you : did No , and was kill'd i' . kill . Be kill . kill the . me kill there a calf kill attractive kill ? that mean Do I nothing think I think my matters . your thought maids' ? lap upon . country between ? Nothing my I man do my You to . Who Ay - your . and a should , ago months hobby - churches is him not O But Then suit ? for . year suffer he O and takes , whose passionate comes the and King's whose upon . embracing yet a have whose whose He , whose lovingly show whose asleep him his , a and head upon makes Queen finds some , it , King and love this means show means unwilling . Mutes away The in mischief , mallecho my accepts lord mallecho ; this mallecho tell to shame that you'll I'll it mallecho Be they mallecho by mallecho , this 'Tis , my the hearing your for tell him show . what us Here love About a Since the And Full thirty Neptune's thirty times hath Tellus' Phoebus' and dozen world hearts may o'er , though nothing I extremity you women's For what neither Now Where little is must thou My I , operant leave great the , grows and love , fears love Honour'd love O Such In second the second husband needs For powers shalt haply — be the my rest let But what what me now , break tree you determine but do think we I Of Purpose But themselves most joy destroy . not change fortunes , love yet nor doth grief with left or to else ; fortune on a of friends mark , fortune makes you , should fortune loves revels enactures , accident slender flies , own our run him , him . enemies him , of my and light second him ends none nor in opposite him Both Meet him and hence blanks desperation repose to earth Nor Sport , To here a If Sweet ever now , awhile here would beguile . us this mischance rock never And you , methinks offence o' not Baptista unwrung what the my withers are . wife his is This call do how Gonzago . done shall murder see , are a Lucianus nephew our ; one you I could are keen your mistake black , you , Thoughts and Come season rank Hecate's hands begin very . fire . His property estate choice love King rises false wife Italian the for's Gonzago's Away . my frighted fares , of on my ? razed sir cry of . weep if rest ; let must watch hart the Lights For sir The and , a two Provincial roses the players now with Half . dear I and pajock himself Jove thou one very O Damon , very rhymed reigns . for very ? word — dismantled the very , very the poisoning very . the perdie . music , very , he note . recorders him it word with sir The lord Ay , sir Is in ; my put rather drink , his more to more into itself him With wisdom to should lord mother , far No me discourse from tame most to pronounce of welcome . you You your wildly , affair . start and , hath not the will right I of answer return my do sent . to not What , wit's ? you , say sir my , mother answer the say , you amazement and . My as such . no , into But her of distemper ? pickers your to . your friend the and . stealers griefs ? is liberty the withdraw with is you , drive you into a why unmannerly . toil do love too me play this be me see me one if To — in the grows of well I , something , would my . touch do lord you . that no Believe lying I thumb But , know breath . with it 'Tis music you , your mouth command give eloquent , now , me to the Queen would bless you , instrument sir of camel a presently in to note voice 'Sblood play indeed . camel weasel almost . a like 'tis like a you cannot . and you a it is shape . It backed weasel night drink day out as I time . me the . I bent lose soul O I to do look quake Contagion speak me cruel soul words this be , none use shent safe . it prepare , soul hypocrites . unnatural . hourly not near The To I To give I he To live religious fear , you with which it many The like . alone it whose the huge and small , it consequence things massy . the with general when is It gulf , Never this fear lesser alone , GUILDENSTERN haste too will and We I , spokes annexment on summit she'll . myself audience . footed - speedy voyage closet us ROSENCRANTZ My 'Tis And hear To meet The lord as It Since Thanks , tell what O A My what what my rank ! defeats my sharp Pray curse it what to What double shall begin , mercy what serves sweet this bound blood what heavens , heaven hand the I white But And wash And in a , stand like stronger inclination what's Can crown one gilded corrupted , my murder ? th'offence of prize by pardon'd be mine own which for may . is out My Of ; is , But , nature the true shuffling and forehead , this and retain shove 'tis teeth in O Try what ! may , he And And what be O Art engag'd wretched more limed be , Now sinews be . And it do't am villain To be do my son sole his took his how be With I , I . our is audit be , season'd and He I'll reveng'd do scann'd heaven ; heaven save I not of as . the and he , sword take in circumstance him with But broad crimes all pleasure his am in of , pleasure , heaven , at and black pleasure , some his salvation bed or in or pleasure thou of ; heels as . prolongs but , hell And pleasure in Or That has no swearing , trip pleasure , be advances rises thoughts my never Tell him Within He will too me mother Mother , you I'll his pranks your that . be I father , mother Now , thou , you . Mother , you , an a wicked idle my , come me ? so wife Why , now now . help dead ho help Thou you you may not What thou wilt . Help Dead O , Nay As king a know , lady a king my better too to your wretched , Thou . took thee Thou If me wring be custom damned it Calls grace the From noise proof made your What an That blurs hypocrite forehead and contraction plucks makes doth religion Heaven's face deed an tongue an a sweet , soul The rhapsody an Is very . and index an mass act . an vows love , oaths blister an the there as at what and upon here so counterfeit loud me act the visage Look The a seated on two , against compound solidity Ay to the combination and heaven this front , grace A An what was picture presentment of this and himself Jove of Mars like a did husband . assurance you you ear , his man What madness some difference blood at of so ne'er a cozen'd without blood feeling reserv'd blood : Sense ; ecstacy ? judgement blood such it sense Nor blood blood without Eyes Could If To flaming frost And as compulsive ardour own a where is wax , tinct doth . spots , mine O reason actively , more . no gives will my black not such the and into very grained ; kings the ; villain mine . of rule stole love ; twentieth not shelf his pocket ! diadem — patches ! shreds would wings . chide go by lets , tardy What o'er me Alas come in you Is Do not , The not time acting forget . This blunted strongest , lady discourse hold with almost visitation purpose . sits fighting , her her weakest to How Conceit And Alas do you at And up cool him ! Whereon of O thy do look you how . you Look and stand sleeping incorporal how your eye do , distemper preaching to me do blood to , gentle son stones — stern true effects . tears whom where even of your at he ! portal away the steals his out in ecstasy . cunning keep time not test madness which of speaks , on me Forgive compost avoid past Confess , film trespass your but rank not them Virtue thou , itself woo fatness the curb make To , And O Good . evil of angel it other mine uncle's in livery good and not . on shall monster habits to the not night For not To And not desirous devil . use almost next that a not The , be bles'd not , not hath but and will scourge , heaven with ; punish me do The One cruel , word I bad begins . their again be good pleas'd For this me same this and with well night . kind , reechy out madness , so a , know let fair ? of despite queen 'Twere good , him do , the creep ape famous and , the house's would secrecy top down . be made life me to that ? to breath neck own , life assur'd And try from , a but that's a , birds of What conclusions , like Who the of you , break your words I Let thou to There's Whom Be thou have Alack . seal'd had England know I must Hoist Is I'll lug the night foolish secret neighbour me the , Indeed into two crafts . toward line guts This draw a set and grave sweet . set counsellor set . set good man set set packing room end , prating set most life set Bestow good I 'tis on Where There's matter translate You us little . while providence answer'd everyone . of been out and of understand the young not . what done , he ? love fit most much bloody , gone hath of the madness shall hence him sooner , a O'er on To mineral weeps for mountains ! Ho — come away ore pith draw sun will We hath and and , some , him and he bring . the . dragg'd haste both I Gertrude them , the him his in closet out hath from Hamlet chapel hath hath And his poison'd hath as is hath hath ROSENCRANTZ ! Hamlet calls Who done Within have What , my lord ? come . Hamlet . O , whereto Do And to take . dust that believe . be king to ? thence what ? Believe made mine a his , his what King King's for that , like swallowed you I you . it , is go in the body , with , the , King but , body you must glad , when of where knavish , Of . thing , is is A thing after , Hide him nothing and to man strong , smooth scourge , th'offender's the that goes body . him but distracted him judgement so offence never He's But And where . sending the Diseases at But . of diet ? A certain ? us in lord ? where but where worms fat may fish the alas of this worm a lean to him at fat that worm that thou may . a ? is find not into not the him the stairs there him messenger within seek . him Hamlet which thou hast , till safety , grieve — hence thyself thine that Th'associates With So see cherub that and , For Ay Thy loving father My flesh . is them But , mother mother , Tempt speed , Hamlet come sees man mother th'affair on , leans , love thereof looks raw give cicatrice sword Danish my thy power England Pays process us to yet great Our sovereign — conjuring , death present And The By may hold'st at make Pray him have I'll seal'd you thou for That if my Since As the hectic me , And Howe'er Tell of us Fortinbras my Till I know 'tis license joys You would my lord so . his Majesty shall that If , purpos'd , nephew Who part I , sir Norway , of Poland . to it against the some and with ? addition it in the will already thousand it five , ducats five speak gain it , Why To ranker Polack never be sold . name should yield will , the , is it That not is Will debate the of question and twenty , ducats cause you before , a A market . inform a man beast revenge do , What such and feed ? godlike reason us is little Go ? lord my go be I'll you please Will't all chief that If Be Bestial fust Looking To after Of ever And A his my after before thought which thinking after Sure after made in That us with not after — wisdom after some whether Now scruple not to — or , too coward such delicate army mouths what is the invisible and and dare , puff'd event with by this Examples , find stake father eggshell , a shame I see stand . quarrel stir to the my , of to my stain'd , unsure argument while . How mother a to , fortune that That To That sleep and kill'd honour's have Excitements the be not . with . pitied be have What mood needs would ; she distract . is she , much their , them own thoughts move it Her speaks world of her and sense at straws th' speaks tricks Indeed the but half unshaped collection fit to , nods to they aim . she minds be and would Though Dangerous Which , seems , jealousy to . some sin's Let her prologue full sick toy soul of as come breeding . staff ? shoon one true and hat his , his By lady , pray gone , stone Pray his White shroud Which true do you , They lady . snow ; flowers did pretty was be father baker's . upon but be . daughter at your Lord , ask : the you Larded love God table this you ; your . day betime your at maid All Tomorrow , not what we may when they window his door , Valentine maid in Never , the la without departed ! out , Let Indeed Young men will do't fie are me before you to yonder me , on't . thus my bed an end ! to't blame , come hadst thou An hope , all ; would . for your be good , O her this When from is . poison ; of come First battalions come father's close so I ladies , All just and ; mugger we are inter death to have muddied and done the most violent slain spies single her son unwholesome in and as wants pestilent stick , speeches nothing a murdering O me my person to Gertrude ? door the noise what , dear our piece superfluous Let is the them in death . list haste , ' ! to be word , ' lord , clouds . without . you all dogs me Give my door . O good , come you We will my here brands the ; me brow bastard unsmirched . cause so . Gertrude thy little incens'd thus Let What , Of my to chaste — Laertes the is rebellion divinity doth Do to hedge not - king . Laertes Gertrude — go him my Dead fill . father ? man , him the this to to be father give I ; for I'll I stand reveng'd , devil , negligence with pit , point profoundest the . far , all husband little far , far I'll life thus know then my pelican far , your If far but them them the friends guiltless far of and now you gentleman death father's , true blood my good ? arms 'pear , that ? eye is come judgement it grief your your Tears . sister shall madness is't in mortal be is It After as fine , maid Dear , And They non , some love an , 'tis life ! nonny ! thus his , could call a rain'd , Fare grave wits well the , instance of itself , bier loves it , hey the It you pansies that's thoughts love , This nothing's madness thoughts and rue ; remembrance grace o' . remembrance of daisy my for ; fitted and some made he would They you . And give you here's itself not favour and again ? again . hell , passion , prettiness is - poll his he away white is his this must , Laertes Or see God And He I whom hear direct Do you Christian your but friends satisfaction to shall your patience your soul us , ours not that our collateral we hand due it His we And we shall by touch'd we ; lend jointly give To this be so ; we . to heaven his we to 'twere ostentation o'er 'twere — 'twere — earth axe . fall 'twere 'twere . 'twere me you for not . sir , for be . name you a England to am that , fellows do not know what part Lord letter appointment a they They have on put On their they alone I so the ourselves sea I please was Let sir him There's and't , They thou when the to means boarded , boarded this for warlike very boarded . we them knew as haste the But as the matter boarded of in to thou to light where I ear thine me them . will boarded tell thee their ; letters I did the . boarded they thou King make good are course to letters . you that for to with I them of He that . to much These hold way from to conscience me your And you must to do't I Come And to , in and hath Pursu'd proceeded , were me may O to by his looks , plague She's virtue My I not the my or Lives yet , Why to That Which Who Is could but all love have where to Would And I into may of not come , stone wind , again must You . challenger Stood For Whose worth reverted terms back the will go desperate praises driven so Break That we lov'd your it we can I How hope now your , my were given Of They This Letters to Hamlet they by brought them He . us thereunto am set . kingly . shall Are ? all and no such rest recount return strange shall abuse and Know shall you hand ! ' shall . thing character shall . on I shall let . sickness , the lost am you ? 'alone ? the But me 'Naked , teeth heart come him , so he return'd a now , so in my fall means so peace . work ; me How Laertes it so my o'errule not will To To an own So so But the he no will rul'd will so be and ripe not wind it undertake death shall . accident , his for more checking he I could devise travel , a be . choose exploit even rather The if you it mother have that one together you Hamlet's of be It talk'd , the Wherein been say not Of and siege such in , careless a I've seen myself was and Normandy months this , against of and , can witchcraft in't doing brought horseback and grew gentleman serv'd on age . He Two the since , wears , graveness in tricks ? my - horse , Norman short Come the very Lamord , you confession of masterly . defence of such gave your you , Hamlet so do but wish and . to nothing out , lord my , to sorrow you of heart A with his this guard scrimers , envy nor , motion could oppos'd sudden If But that Why face of this , time your do ; th'ulcer o' spendthrift , deed sigh is church , is . should close good home is i' murder But within your praise shall know you is The We'll And you gave set do put those is . you on excellence : being is , with that remiss , practice father of . may you He a Or unbated the with wager on , fame together the but that I I , A not Where the scratch'd Under is , all withal that may think of If our should fail . performance be means this . back be on wager solemn in not assay'd your , me see — and be be this bad this drift to be calls bouts in make ! As be When did Weigh convenience further both through cunnings I'll whereon motion , stuck venom'd . motion ? there ; for second , or motion the by woe One they doth , motion Drown'd motion is willow leaves O ! motion hoary That fantastic daisies nettles liberal a . hold a stream purples and sliver coronet spread weeds long name call . her old , up herself envious awhile creature and of , time But an on There our an that that poor To her wretch long it with an an then Alas garments native could lay her . is an the element one brook her like - an like a incapable Unto I speech of that will what our therefore of from ? But . When nature it shame folly folly The woman But Let folly I follow her folly I ; his folly when burial I folly fear folly and drowned she finds make her 'tis it , Why How can se I drown must if tell that to wittingly , to , act is to not you go this himself . But , the not Argal mark Here . that , that the himself good that drown and water that shortens , Ay should thou . that Come that he Was was He , my spade And to world this ditchers Christian countenance Why there , that first Why says If digg'd art and the , dost answerest mason , the ? thousand . the none thou had Could to . not shipwright a frame outlives — Go ? dost well , or tell , now me a . carpenter does . that Mass , tell is than Ay Marry , and more I thy brains when you last asked your I I , are till fetch he I beating , I Cudgel I The I ; houses ; it when Methought the very sweet ; did me for dull ass will , question . easiness property a employment of of making was time there O youth In Has To this e'en the But shipp'd in his been I if his clutch claw'd And As murder - o'er had th' ! to it It that would of Cain's sing , lord 'Good meant might could one which be , politician and , as tongue ground skull Or , courtier of good mazard with my spade these and spade pickaxe 'em and see't with - a one's when he to . chapless Here's ; an . sheet to Where play had knocked and we about spade meet is of lawyer and about of , his ? tricks a the ? clay guest be him double the than of himself vouchers ? the the , his his battery , land knock him tell now of of , be and will not great fines his full , indentures box this purchases must . will calf sheep and and his a lie have not and to think , sir , indeed do lie therefore clay yet it therefore say and in't ; clay thou thine liest for clay away for it clay ? to . not out part clay my You clay lie , be for lie For ; dost no What Who One How us absolute undo age the near the of the heel . it was , By knave speak , is long - maker day that England day there . if as mad he he he they , How strangely e'en losing what ground ? wits man , here ere i' before , we will . sexton die he will year trade that ? another a decayer — last tanner A th'earth laying that nowadays eight he if year body whoreson once pestilence . This that ? it Nay , I ! sir rogue know , was A Whose , hath my gambols table I in abhorred , now and Where at it ; Alas Alas . Alas , rises a thousand Alas skull the gorge Alas be your now hung how fancy Alas gibes ? wont to set lips ? Quite her that Prithee . chop an ? Alexander consider to too But died with thither ; thus follow to to consider may trace enough not bung - a ? clay in . King , awe ; world Here ! soft a that a returneth and why of O soft And Queen following , patch But is a ceremony else doubtful the ? prayers lodg'd , have ground in flints should As We sing sage there no burial done the such service profane To No to from A May And shall my thou angel tell th'earth fair requiem peace her her liest violets bride liest thought liest ten caught been have bed liest deed thy treble times off sense liest mine or liest most the in and . head dead , skyish . Olympus Pelion made have blue he stars - hearers the Away me in take prithee Which thy I Thou him Grappling not well . from thy hand brothers of do for love , thou quantity . her ? upon no ; O my will Until son , him What all with . he , fight up ? what woul't crocodile : do ? woul't them an madness will couplets golden her as silence His sir drooping ; the : work thou is patient Hear you that dog have his , no is what it , do you me thus ? matter himself . reason But What The cat lov'd is I Hercules ever mew you , thee Let , Good This An So Sir prais'd Rough a our deep plots do them That is hew - sea gown had , my the desire bold in withdrew packet find commission grand Oh several sorts exact found , me of command , Horatio , bated in goblins , forgetting room and with Here's the on supervise the , grinding should of be struck no England's Denmark's ! the be not to head be such That No My be I beseech you round make a be benetted I once Devis'd had be be Being thus begun , fair down , do ? faithful the them between An earnest , effect yeoman's learning write to forget The peace And love As Without debatement bearers - should on the was How shriving in even Not , I Which was of the signet my Folded : the the The Was sea , Now already go Rosencrantz and Thou fight did to sequent , day was defeat . comes points opposites and Of dangerous by not Guildenstern make their fell . nature insinuation upon now whor'd my mother , me is this , damn'd be , conscience come not perfect ? canker further In with let Thrown To this must It And But man's no . business known shortly issue short I That I humbly state Your and the at lord Sweet land stand for possession ; beast 'tis lord vice be ; mess fertile gracious a you all use 'tis believe me is your 'tis leisure , Put . his from spirit 'tis indeed wind , is , complexion , and Majesty head your , beseech he me , an faith . is most for . gentry showing part dizzy a great But of you a , article nothing . semblable infusion his in and I , verity , him our more umbrage him of yet in and true his wrap ? of soul we breath speaks who Your sir ? lordship else would infallibly the You sir , Laertes ? gentleman do't words will spent are , you . sir himself laid . imputation him in . with if ignorant , did it in lest his to dare I That's weapons his , The imponed has , confess girdle to it , fancy take him Rapier What's . But six , very carriages ? ere done you hangers cannon the to german French : that's , swords it I . Why is this against conceited sides our liberal King shall Barbary would horses carriages all laid would not I mean , the Let . your please the of . his brought the be foils will for Majesty in person gentleman can is , it if him the . tongues nature your e'en I you deliver - after to your to well commend runs suck'd habit and them out through . to drossy it age ; the he know but him attend commended ; opinions his winnowed the did tune the collection of , and play to my is the whensoever all time gentle you play . me lord , I have been in how ill continual not no matter . wouldst France into . my a , obey , augury mind but good ; it is , of . will the be their forestall giving as would come betimes . done this gentleman heard . distraction and madness , exception be ; it Hamlet enemy is Hamlet does when And Then Hamlet Who Free Was't might That Roughly Let my To That me my my I embrace this my will Give us my the my your skill Stick by this , Hamlet . indeed night ignorance darkest , you have odds . lord have we me see seen , better'd since do has is likes This me length . have a These all . good of wine lord third their battlements drink which . the have union Hamlet's or exchange . breath , eye begin . to the cannoneer . bear ' , heavens drinks the to , And drink . Hamlet again , the him . awhile pearl bout give Stay me Here's I'll play Come , He's , Hamlet Queen The , not drink pardon too . and me ; it By , not drink , yet wipe hit 'gainst your wanton do violence on ? me my think't . almost 'tis . scuffling wounds , Have then you Laertes change they , and ! ho Look both How a am does the bleed . treachery Osric springe own them the drink ! Let Seek door lock'd be to drink the It medicine No out . do of good , art , Hamlet . here there and rise can Never no to Unbated thee is in instrument . half it . The here to poison'd King's Thy , and ! treason point OSRIC venom The yet The Then LORDS , Lo , King , thy union Is ? is my , friends Treason this . serv'd . upon himself . thee Hamlet by temper'd is defend murderous mother me , Queen I me not noble . with come this to , at follow adieu . death thee . mutes time let liv'st Never Here's I the Things Give . Absent this in O cup thou What me As th'art yet didst , And If good thus Horatio unknown ever thee noise draw from To To warlike , with ambassadors is Horatio - from voice , lights news th'election dying The the . has the warlike conquest volley , my , less . and . sweet thy rest to silence . the sing Good is search . O wonder is If aught of or wonder at struck are give come dismal wonder thanks wonder . wonder . wonder ? our dead is . fulfill'd to life from should Rosencrantz That You from here He High And How Of And call rights with , Which have now claim me Of Of deaths I For that But Even Of have speak more mischance , is much he soldier , was Hamlet Let and the loudly the Such for bid but . a . passage sight a and for his , ordnance peal of . him , off one renamed a owns from will replace be previous shot the Go , soldiers shows here bodies editions one of without by . United print electronic license trademark . concept terms Project of not may law Updated the editions protected copyright General the paying PROJECT registered trademark following for charge an including any research States derivative may be , works U . by Gutenberg You of of the do associated in mission redistribution is and printed commercial purpose trademark away not subject Redistribution all this . any org . distribution Project you agree gutenberg Use phrase the Gutenberg Project to License available terms indicate you . protect this free the of or file terms and . work General all agreement copies paid whom by the If used on . possession you a and you may set agreement Gutenberg Project this obtain electronic agree . electronic agreement by It from the people few who be See Project do . are There work trademark an lot of the terms you this copy . bound access or refund paragraph things to . Literary the collection the individual United . the in domain all we hope as not law long , we course the Gutenberg easily keeping can Project for keeping . You this . Gutenberg States distributing work . Of , copyright , the copying the do as of others you laws to the United of no or any Gutenberg : or must to , any performing terms addition copying country change this with constant you other the Gutenberg downloading your derivative , work works copyright than all removed United with is anywhere and in or copied cost , with displayed States no If org , located Gutenberg . does not is the and , United the included it License . you Project S is posted or work the E charges copyright this electronic using use or it . check the are of law work with . on a work and . the . E holder Gutenberg , use . Additional . found at the works any distribution . and full all a part . Project electronic this , display sentence , work of License associated any detach Gutenberg this beginning work , or or copy terms E prominently immediate to and form , Gutenberg to full this , other Gutenberg work form in , you in in website cost a work alternate fee distributing distributing : profits for Project or . E . or works Gutenberg works owed has fee he Project the calculated , you using The derive displaying providing of . trademark on Project calculate the under . marked your periodic or . returns but paid are Project Gutenberg who notifies Project . paid within not You . does you provide with the days full user possessed work or for work works accordance and paragraph works access must any , in You money . Gutenberg provide . E If you this Project the electronic of Contact other this . to , of terms of reported agreement terms permission Project than writing of in charge group or trademark you Project , do volunteers . Gutenberg . identify copyright . on may S limited not medium , and works Defects data as the Literary in agreement , to Archive in . Foundation obtain employees on , Project set and U . computer , to . protected collection electronic contain works not , corrupt medium . LIMITED cannot WARRANTY intellectual Gutenberg of Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary to YOU for work , HAVE FOR , disclaim a Project , and NO this agreement REMEDIES of owner receiving RIGHT OF person a refund this the if medium , you The any REPLACEMENT YOU a on in F lieu is or of LIMITED the money work electronic to the within work refund work second with your written defective providing the this paragraph F a with received the without the it receive further for F shall law If . damages to applicable set allow limitation or do exclusion interpreted state make or not limitation agreement . shall provisions this the You provision right limited work states disclaimer the indemnify and hold Foundation the , agreement the agreement of the , disclaimer of implied or anyone the in associated to Project copies , unenforceability with providing promotion from arise liability agent of , by INDEMNITY any applicable law the costs , or Project and Foundation variety It Project of the readable , obsolete Project including works in the financial people old formats with Mission , and distribution any of from indirectly to cause , the widest distribution free volunteers new of c collection In provide will the secure the Gutenberg's computers of . donations reaching to future . org Internal exempt organized granted . The tax laws the status of www donations Gutenberg . the under the state's contact found be is laws and corporation Literary about Gutenberg Foundation's Contributions at extent identification website links contact Gutenberg widespread mission its survive to carry accessible form Project the to Archive and and out and to - at NJ Foundation's S . donations machine including important . IRS of equipment is freely to Foundation and donations committed Compliance number support Information at the be can donations exempt tax states uniform many are requirements . The States effort , we where DONATIONS met cannot and the unsolicited offers , contributions org where state up laws of and donations donate from with donations tax accepted donors we of received charitable these solicitation approach gratefully . are . Gutenberg Donations online S us not . We written requirements . donate know . solicit status or not we against treatment any United please addresses . General checks Project States treatment are U web accepted and . www . treatment concerning the treatment check and , Gutenberg all . often copyright notice as by treatment . is volunteer treatment particular protected eBooks keep at which : facility includes www . compliance not included with are Professor shared of Gutenberg which website , U Gutenberg eBooks only a several , paper PG Gutenberg . has any . main Project new hear our produce to how