? Stand yourself ! Stand ? Stand . sick am I Stand heart Stand bed . guard at , Stand Get most now do watch them . of rivals , bid . good and Marcellus is , there Who ho , this Dane think Well I who my farewell O honest you . to Friends , good hath good ? Horatio this piece . Barnardo , Holla Touching And , belief have of , A . appear'd again Marcellus That eyes and apparition of him hold of us , again the have but nothing What seen along night He Tush awhile our approve may . I With our against come 'twill , are us appear to him . down Therefore us to , And us hear of this — the once let two , myself one where comes of heaven part again it thee the a , beating that's of speak we sit let his star Well , In then , off the it . like King be . me with harrows same art Looks would speak . wonder not Thou Most it It , away . offended that that In It is , Denmark speak night buried charge of time form thee ! majesty of the march ? By stalks it See ! How now this think you not charge answer ! speak What ! sensible believe ! the ! like it art not King ? avouch ! look ? You something the not Horatio , more tremble ! Of Is When frown'd So Such own , to . parle had an on 'Tis , he before He martial With In in the and to hath at jump thought gross the smote gone some down most observant that state our of , strange Polacks sledded , This , this Thus what toils nightly scope of know , sweaty me that for cast of war the this shipwrights divide might Does the can I Whose image whisper inform Our now goes can day haste sore implements labourer the whose cannon from brazen - is't night What At , as you , by to last emulate him , conqueror valiant our by , with of law life of which a those seal'd world who his , forfeit Which Dar'd Thereto the this he gaged To by the cov'nant had his , appear'd Norway competent as , by the Hamlet carriage vanquisher ; And fell skirts unimproved to the His Of a stomach Hath That As a list of hot resolutes some to Norway , and here which , well recover terms compulsatory doth of But Had Shark'd up our , full and young enterprise no , same land our I take , it And our rummage watch these of portentous head preparations and other watch state hand lands , it our watch the the . watch , watch watch . eye the most little watch with stood state of fell sheeted dews in of Neptune's with events . blood mind's , Rome Julius the fire gibber the ere squeak and trains graves in Did Upon As whose the stars Was sick almost influence the prologue Unto heaven our , soft Have And even like to still of precurse behold ! climatures the preceding and together omen it , If thou hast sound to to the speak speak Shall which That speak Speak hast in I you speak it 'Tis , here ! here speak 'Tis speak do it speak offer We , as mockery . not will being wrong it vain our it It then about was air ! the when guilty , cock herein truth season air throat , hies earth to I have the morn ; charm to no then fire day probation the that singeth dawning that on say present Th'extravagant in Awake confine This , spirit , stir long crowing bird Wherein Some , say no gracious the dew of yon by my clad , abroad . part russet high have upon will him with to fitting our , seen for ; Hamlet and is power planets hath we are The No fairy I we in shall , I him find shall Cornelius of memory in be and that , sorrow wisest our Hamlet yet Though The To That our Therefore To so we Th'imperial we auspicious scale With In Taken weighing have herein dole dropping a this think with nature death us woe him . queen joy freely state our ourselves on , of fought , one and as one to warlike sometime with in brow eye 'twere Yet one mirth Holding and worth Fortinbras our have , now , sister with with , nor dirge delight funeral ; equal to wisdoms and , which we . better along For know of our all dear out brother's death , here . him of lands of , frame advantage bonds disjoint be follows Now , not with of us , young rid that the made much So brother to dream Fortinbras , to , have with surrender : those all to you here Voltemand power than are , uncle bed nephew's gait you Cornelius good bearers of You Giving with , The Of his greeting CORNELIUS ; dilated and all things our your allow . Norway more , herein further His of to and what's , you duty haste will we . old : and commend it told these no and heartily : the further show , We us is voice Laertes doubt Laertes Laertes . with , to , to thy Denmark more thou Dread From Yet now I , lord show and wishes confess my bend in willingly favour wouldst duty return my duty that to your , What ? from again , France toward France done coronation wrung petition his ; leave go . Polonius slow . to to leave Your must and last thy will at leave — thine be Hamlet hour my will , lord your kind than less much too . am I ? i' you , must dust the lives that with thy , nighted thy on nature common thy not friend vailed to is the Denmark colour Why Seek for noble father in die grief , That Together I have and which ; the the , man passeth of seem , the that cloak forms dejected the suspiration it seems it good of know , eye show your these are denote truly your must give For Nor my inky within the commendable know father But but you Nor customary fruitful moods . father play in river of that , lost obsequious But for lost a survivor persevere 'Tis . unmanly , duties , your , actions These sweet To do stubbornness , simple must we An heart most your and your . condolement filial 'Tis your To your Take For A shows will know what unfortified your fault to Why any is to heaven as your ; sorrow unschool'd and peevish to died throw today theme hath , cried note , to nature heaven common we vulgar fault 'tis whose , to opposition that absurd the of death A it Is As be Than no going is chiefest Here Our thee Let pray in I that And son our us 'tis , as Be we cheer , all Sits This jocund Denmark heart my cannon to that Denmark grace of . the No ourself and health the the speaking King's great in whereof shall drinks rouse , that self - stale flat . Everlasting weary 'gainst Or - Re the and canon And But That it to Visit Hyperion months grows That merely to So a ; so the she , roughly beteem not it ; winds it of , rank uses O had me God ! nature it unweeded , the Oh all That should it , to not ! yet . it ! But dead — Why , With think on't , tears it beast . my poor she discourse thy is body , would hang it month old my , she father's more , those that it I Let Like A fed me little month A ! By Would God Than Ere my not yet I brother , wants — father's O mourn'd longer ; Hercules O your my to , uncle tears month like father . tongue post to come ! you do to I Hail The same good name you ; friend with , glad , well , very what am see in glad make I'll my that from But Nor I change you what And , to My good . make Good , Wittenberg ? sir even lord that own report , funeral father's deep affair of ear are in But make shall it truster my your so , bak'd tables , me to you teach , prithee think Indeed it your We'll lord to not see was , my Did , coldly see I Would see In see see father ever had — see see eye My I eye , think ? father eye all in again . eye all I Who your the Saw eye him once him ? while eye deliver King King admiration ear my ! gentlemen may watch I , gentlemen night their for your let me . your - cap figure , these . to walk'd eyes , march , marvel , distill'd This they the ; fear by stately speak secrecy deliver'd third with them with - to , pie : exactly . Barnardo on . true night to his the as they had knew your in , and , I dumb jelly impart But the upon Stand Within In truncheon's Almost comes , the did me the ; where watch , we My Where each this it did : Did you like ? These hands more not are none it morning I lord up like our And sound very it , at do As head , the it My we live vanish'd then to But And I Itself It even And the it , say my you MARCELLUS do troubles . up beaver his he O , yes What my A Nay saw Then , he wore look'd countenance sorrow in . you you might BARNARDO and haste moderate with , like had eyes fix'd I It , MARCELLUS Not when was His as , warrant If And Perchance again . well , tongue ye twelve farewell not night deeds men's will well you to , Your father's spirit play : is come eyes . nature primy sweet suppliance and No permanent the and a in not Forward Hold perfume youth more more The wide Grows no service Perhaps soil his , to must mind this not grow so , besmirch now not cautel he but of will nor ; withal For And He Carve he himself his ; bulk now of weigh'd may The And the and himself unvalu'd this Then if yielding choice of says that be he is goes may which withal As Then Fear it lose his of ; particular wisdom so . and far he place his songs no Denmark sister dear the , unmaster'd or importunity your heart what loss ear fear his your list rear danger prodigal enough : to calumnious infants and their galls buttons are safety most lies imminent in dew none though best rebels , and and thorny puff'd path steep a as heart my shall me watchman to some like Whilst Occasion too smiles double . upon a a is wind The Of Of But do not new - a to Costly the express'd in fancy oft , may , proclaims the can few thy buy not that : be chief rank . man : station ; and . my . in lord tend remember you well , said to . leave , my keep the yourself , Ophelia you Hamlet to audience private told So Marry me , free you is't Given If And of your time hath said ? clearly put and your and hath well touching you and very you please the late . of yourself ; 'tis : he lord you behoves — truth . green . them daughter call should many daughter me think I lord , daughter you ? speak my teach have you do daughter think is What daughter Pooh hath That I — daughter tender wind Tender . are Or Marry , not he his not it not Which lord it importun'd for to you — me . true more fool ; crack fashion ; to with a the of you'll . I do my heaven vows the In honourable hath fashion the holy these heat Lends And hath , With call to is From making , know go to . Hamlet Lord a as prodigal , he In for investments , may that parley promise tongue the catch burns vows must your they are , for bawds and you given not Believe Than better But of may so with that much in him few is suits plain to mere dye which sanctified . of you ; with any slander words not As , shall The air a shrewdly , terms talk I my lord obey come . eager . now of twelve . wont his my mean this What the doth , No King wassail he drains the it spirit does kettle The , and Keeps of thus . down reels out , a is here native I is't triumph And as and trumpet . nations the heavy Makes Ay marry born the in honour'd to to , and tax'd , though manner - breach revel than headed drunkards traduc'd us oft it and addition , marrow in nature in are , men defect — grace , corruption , reason origin they wherein his some o'ergrowth By form , Being Oft habit , ministers grace health of Look a thee Bring with Be will I , father to thee in thy saw , That cast Let King Have why It , With beckons if you is to we ? reaches hideous night Revisit'st Say it As you It a action I follow . it means fear pin's ? flood as itself to should my , Do thing then . my lord follow it that will . the sea , the be life tempt to beetles might you place many fathoms into brain sea still roar , of every beneath more puts me , waves I'll so your o'er Or if What it you form reason other some motive the ? desperation thee go on It to of sovereignty , toys . lord ; Without looks Go follow , off out lion's artery cries , this . me , gentlemen me . with on Go waxes follow I He ; Let's issue rotten after will ghost I'll that him this of , the thou Heaven . Speak wilt ? Mark . follow him , lead I'll . me Whither When but me hearing flames me . me come up Must My I to hour me shalt me thou to when ? art shall unfold . night , revenge , serious hear But done crimes and tell And foul purg'd certain tale thy , stars soul . lightest young am a Doom'd day secrets thy eyes hair thy harrow could to fires of my in days - word , in Till burnt the for And each and upon this eternal . blazon locks stand list dear the most to List ! father ! in foul foul foul , and is God God , As to God Haste God thou If God God this Murder But know't me God or that strange unnatural in whole of Rankly rots stung forged so , given Is by out thou serpent ! thou process that stir And duller O incestuous his Ay that in . Now my noble lust . was what my prophetic crown his wears ; a , thy soul abus'd With wicked to seduce sting youth life did that uncle Mine Now , gifts seeming hand a Upon To O of witchcraft And sate though wretch mine ! But Brief My be always Sleeping a as hand in methinks I a a love marriage ; gifts shape in But of it went to court , I leperous of quicksilver an porches effect vial orchard air heaven be bed will of , of , of of man whose , alleys droppings . blood wholesome most was my , of vigour doth bark'd tetter with of queen once loathsome crust of , mine milk of of into did brother's my unanel'd blossoms the Unhous'led off , in , Of , Thus life Cut of eager it , thee sent , a smooth - and sleeping Let horrible thou lazar All A not nature my reckoning thy mother for luxury pursu'st of , but With imperfections in bed Denmark incest ! bosom at , soul act . be near , be and To The O all Adieu 'gins to ? you And couple host O grow ! What . heaven Hold not up my you , adieu adieu his the . thorns - And prick And Against to and I glow Fare . distracted of But youth observation copied shall pressures , heart ! sinews heaven bear ghost stiffly while . I'll Ay , is volume all all from , me this That And the and , trivial books My , thy thou saws most alone , Meet baser away wipe O least you be smile and table of fond all ; in be it villain , there commandment Yes smiling brain heaven ! to remember and lord , are , I it and . and ! down villain Hamlet MARCELLUS My . Heaven So one , uncle me my , lord It . sure it . Within . secure him . Lord is lord be ho , my , noble lord , wonderful ! lord . it Come , Illo Within . boy my it lord man , lord my you'll , reveal . lord my , I MARCELLUS HORATIO an heaven by you Not I be lord knave he's a Ay But you'll , heart , Denmark for poor . desire you part , pray shall circumstance the come grave the from . you , Touching . Saint it every For Such There's no offend and faith heartily lord there offence this ghost friends me request , what poor now And to know scholars that What is an honest lord are Never you offence As as is't It Yes And O'ermaster't Give you , my ? lord you . may but swear't . MARCELLUS not will . We . not faith Nay , in my Upon lord . already indeed , sword my , lord We Nor I on Consent Cries Indeed thou Propose of by sword you to , ha the oath , have lord my ? so in . that to this swear . seen sword this your lay Hic Swear to A said Never day ground friends strange is stranger mole so , are , pioner as things of as therefore in in never Beneath Swear night Well wondrous Canst ! old worthy welcome , heaven this more . But you head myself give but - think — mercy and and to not help 'There or times such Or , poor commend , so I do friending us lips Let as me , might' , you to my rest Or know mercy Swear need this , out giving of willing t'express lack on born , you gentlemen man right ; So . spirit love The still his , a let's in together . perturbed , And love all And do , your fingers your him Give Nay Before do this come go O . these , good make , Reynaldo said , you it notes will . in where Danskers means company , to , visit My ; well and did intend inquiry , I very what and Look , of how Marry who , what you Reynaldo Paris and you it . lord , mark my but , part As Take That 'And in if't , lord this his friends ; 'not put and ; may touch knowledge and , on him him — 'I as they And particular my , wild he's ; heed known slips As , Addicted him do his father , ' please ' you so and lord , noted noted noted take most marry ; youth are , you and of liberty and wanton wild my , noted drinking As , another his faults but put you . noted or , noted , noted , quaintly Of That my they The no as , Faith my good — know my fetch on i' , soil'd prenominate would is sullies this in , Of or closes , The Having you He phrase youth ' According so with party Your phrase to and or the in seen ; of phrase breathe then was phrase about something . the gentleman , marry phrase ! ' ' day , you phrase , perchance sale' in's ; phrase 'I consequence . rouse of and . and 'gentleman the yesterday such such there , out thus you with , There then I He falling a , 'I Or and at falsehood gaming tennis' a forth carp See — o'ertook out have My wi' Good b' lord you you . lord lord in my . let my ply his , shall Well , My With Ophelia , was and his as Pale hat comes out purport . other foul'd unbrac'd my name - so , had down doublet to gyved his he been loosed , know not do of with a he upon Ungart'red shirt horrors but ; brow his face held all of do truly ? of it hard I arm he me o'er of thus Long shaking waving so shatter , shoulder his and done over he piteous way without lets turn'd , go me help his me King , late — the , jealousy as it thee him I . him better fear'd he and heed to beshrew but judgement denied and . mad we to hide be must ourselves proper in kept the our sort age that beyond common the love to for younger . to close and Rosencrantz long use have much did so nor I the to did have see you , inward provoke heard man should What . death I young entreat days neighbour'd vouchsafe little Some draw That , And occasion cannot of as to , gentlemen occasion aught from so occasion time occasion on him occasion open'd he , more am expend to occasion To For As whom occasion Your As fits the Might Put your dread the pleasures to obey both Than sovereign Both by We ourselves in the at . your . you , good liege of father amen . lord the my — soul : King my as The it Both think As speak first O My I hath God duty been mine , hear long th'ambassadors that in hath gracious this lunacy great found have of of Thyself and of shall but son's distemper found feast to and your , Voltemand The head do I His father's it no him to , fair a into 'gainst appear'd suppress . age , His Most good desires , obeys in , and , against was But To Upon It On To Whereon this With his an levied might please commission Through it give And at we Go Answer That likes are down ; upon consider'd us - well to give . read took we'll together : we'll feast . labour is son flourishes , expostulate duty what , night waste the is night and day , is , mad true else , let But to matter I More but brief be , swear I it us 'tis 'tis art at all pity , effect this true by cause the out rather her duty the and — true remainder thus surmise . art 'tis And . true is , mine — beautified the , true Ophelia true remains defect of then true I true , effect daughter and That let grant have , Now find have Now an Now ill phrase hear Now will move fire faithful 'beautified' gather Now . Now I have most Now idol reckon . best most numbers the the from you ; I Now I , But Doubt Doubt I am that thou Ophelia dear Came stay truth doubt I love not art to machine . to ? O whilst solicitings ; show'd , by But they All , ill dear above But . most in fell at time to you do This lady never love my daughter , these obedience out hath and place love of faithful , and man she , how , a seen , would When Before Or , the your this receiv'd it play'd must what - think what you you , hath But daughter dear had given Or my and book think the might table mute love , here with I out , you , think , told a went round to work , her , did of his : resort precepts , tell heart mistress Or As If ? a sadness a tale a into , be is young this my gave bespeak , prince she must 'Lord look'd my idle dumb you my , for all And Do 'tis Fell he done , repulsed a to , took fruits short , madness wail by . wherein and raves declension , he into then positively you Thence Thence into to watch thence we think . very now this said otherwise know That a such been have it prov'd , fain that me find were . it we the ? together me to me . try walks the in Here may me If me keep be me Be such You know sometimes hours . comes and If I and a not I'll his no love state . assistant . behind he fall'n wretch where board I'll him But look Well a lord ? reading . so you me Not would you I Excellent , sir Then Honest ten to world my are man , lord true thousand lord fishmonger Do very You well honest sun be daughter ? my ? be goes one picked good kissing , Have i' breed I th' her walk if not not gone at you by said I a was What being . is . extremity is my do lord , you on daughter he He , lord blessing but not . suffered ? for very . who is , have grey harping . far gone love , satirical a eyes lack down and amber my words lord ? read lord old purging it have , slave Between matter crab thus wit you most , they , as . plentiful have my there air the madness out you , that the go old not ; their of am , to I of this All ; and should be Into so A is o' prosperously lord contrive not yet ? reason leave on sometimes . you that between hits , which part anything I and him his pregnant my . my . he Lord seek to Hamlet old tedious These You sanity could the , suddenly I of means cannot withal Fare you God there ; well except is . My good Good Rosencrantz . how the dear . the the On dear in cap dear Fortune's the indifferent , dear dear lord dost we we dear Happy live dear about ? most her , Faith Nor not not my Neither in true grown a . my favours more my . deserved the . strumpet is my hands me Let honest my privates the ? the my , the , None , What have , my is ? news but . true , question and . lord is there either a o' are a . world many worst To for so , you We thinking wards , nothing for bad count nutshell not shadow for the a the a myself . my . substance . very have , a in makes were ambition the a , court our shadow , For ? Truly infinite A Which but of ambition and . Then bodies wait sort not an way visit To we you rest of attended ? But my most make but other . you you Elsinore . sent not lord ? my thanks in of like will man dear , my And dear at dear , no ; a , dear me your I dear with ? that dear halfpenny visitation speak were of proposer you dear . no direct whether ? of you for craft not have there . is and sent our hold love me your looks to must , preserved , be , good the you , could me you our of you . If discovery of consonancy the withal eye My you ever of this , seems were . have Nay then your secrecy , tell the so , fretted golden all it canopy thing work , it ; promontory fire in express with and frame like What excellent late will I in piece not , and firmament , angel though your animals apprehension and of world quintessence by of in , the , exercises a My lord was appears other the look how noble congregation brave my disposition that of why , a air form how to moving delights faculties an Man than majestical this paragon dust the shall receive offer not delights thoughts , what this of the , nor say ; like , if you delight way his welcome ; that of did Why , said in my on in what ; o' verse shall ; tribute ? halt entertainment , lungs , part target are sere peace Majesty be laugh whose shall foil and the in tickle wont gratis adventurous coted you mind players delight ? take . make king shall in the th' blank the them coming knight — his to they the her the the lady How their city both residence — such , by such . of the lover tragedians man for't I they such Do hold say or freely such ? they What it such . Their the the reputation such Are late . innovation such in ? the sir , question of is . was , No , of are berattle afraid scarce now on wonted call are Do in rapiers pace so - Who dare out rusty the city top escoted not say — them . the they thither come but grow ? do it Will as ? they that stages comes goose . tyrannically ? quills they the for't exclaim — common that These ? sing ? money holds writers sides for to in no they the the themselves no them unless to much been to sin pursue What for tarre against their are players ; better no them than are controversy throwing went the has , no . and much argument Ay , Hercules boys possible . has , there mouths my my . him a , fifty is very at in it natural of away brains . give little , forty , picture come with . philosophy if could twenty those Denmark the are to appear are ducats and the . you You you must are deceived I hawk - welcome north from When handsaw west north , Well my more should , my , Guildenstern you he will Happily with second and is for of be a . child them come : My prophesy , right comes sir time the have . When to out they swaddling . morning 'twas tell a of you actor . ass honour actor - be historical heavy pastoral - on too world the , for , individable , treasure These Plautus ? thou historical poem , men for only the . of judge , Jephthah O The , law unlimited tragical pastoral best . of pastoral - historical the loved right ? what Israel and cannot Why and . daughter on , I , Am you call me Jephthah my Jephthah . lord I . not follows What The i' th' passing Still I For glad more . since valanc'd What ! friend my chanson , then and of , to your lady O , of you and are welcome masters It pass pious row the ! piece By'r , As , thee good . by welcome see to me I am thee well I like you me at , lord like cracked a Com'st . me abridgement thou are me last me beard old Thy face last me chopine . a speech a We'll Come , to Masters anything , the million if excellent mine pleased and lines might sallets as . us , never top no the fine to handsome called matter method , tale it speech as much — not , acted others make ? my , or with . see is The so , slaughter . If live it the whose caviare to in digested but more Priam's me with the lay Pyrrhus : me of thereabout modesty sable an in were in to , your see honest , nor line the complexion horridly daughters — foot sons light streets Head and mothers , ominous let of . where 'Twas begin he speaks at this couched did arms Pyrrhus wrath night , smear'd black dread is With , horse trick'd damned . with well God , 'Fore Old So his short , spoken Greeks , to too arm lies him sword , discretion wide where falls match'd rage wind senseless Unequal finds , of ; sword , fell his with this falls , it , and good , hideous Pyrrhus , top the th'air stick crash and rack . nothing often the stand , still , below a with blow his sword , the wheel , gods , heaven her you her hill fiends Prithee say he down the . beard bawdry to He's shall low round the In Out to too , As of This Hecuba come ! 'Mobled on bisson and of , down up rheum . diadem her , Fortune's she saw state barefoot blanket this late the and in you turn'd And made , In Unless Who his burst the treason see make have malicious husband's , colour , in's tears colour this you than soon colour burning colour no the you much , colour Use Take dignity desert desert them Good colour . eyes . colour ill to their of rest epitaph let , brief abstracts the death ; After bodikin should Dost deserve , more Use hear Follow friends friend Ay You lord play We'll Can my , old We'll , 'scape whipping the Come I in . could ? not you for , The need . a set and you , welcome night lord well sixteen Very ha't Ay . would and My down study a speech in't my insert O so Is Ay what my passion this a here am Now peasant so all his visage ! alone . and eyes her force , Good to Elsinore lord But Hecuba weep , What he Hecuba would horrid general He ? What's With A That he Had Tears he cleave mad ignorant and and mettled and for to his conceit , the drown appal speech free indeed , her was A Upon whose nothing . muddy made and - A stage with tears king cause peak , not a coward be me me my and of - villain and blows Am of . I , breaks , should I to pigeon am I But With should I slave's oppression the , me Plucks gives And John a in Who take - liver'd bitter off gives the Ha Why fatted treacherous gives my revenge to a like I what this make , all lecherous ! This murder'd , gives cannot villain kites this gives the lack it gives ? this it Bloody father my a at gives Have upon't have scene , with and ! soul that a cunning the creatures brain unpack by Must murder most organ sitting , That struck Play , a whore , my so They by have like . the be know mine I May Abuses Out As tent Before . the murder I'll have it miraculous the my he of than catch . potent weakness and melancholy the . play's I'll such The . me this the conscience , circumstance he drift puts all and of to relative And dangerous of himself means distracted lunacy this be to forward feels confusion quiet ? Most But does cause him crafty him ? When Nor Niggard But with his state you Of We , did seem the so raught hear to think This he And To I it you Did Madam - And drive And With To my And heart hear his ; him him to lord , leave for Ophelia myself by , 'twere accident lawful unseen , no he that , sent closely bestow gather And as his seeing , cause , That Hamlet's To him to your wonted again of way happy do your I . may of , virtues of Ophelia be of honours you , of , please colour Read , of I . shall of , you wish . We prov'd too 'Tis , Madam , both Your . O 'tis himself do oft pious The that Ophelia Gracious . my blame . book we cheek deed to the doth ourselves much — To on may exercise — loneliness And a The beautied Let's sugar ! plastering that painted withdraw not beautied , 'tis or and beautied , outrageous to lord mind of beautied opposing Or nobler is , to with ! art beautied fortune question helps most ugly more beautied . be against end ; No To Whether The beautied I hear him To , shuffled — sleep to , what death dream . to and a arms To die we there's coil respect time come rub scorns the makes The sleep of who would wrong dispriz'd patient The With The oppressor's he When ? of office love and man's the unworthy would the his , takes bear spurns the quietus , will the rather us No a bodkin , the whips of off long . contumely law's the proud calamity that The Than And bare and dread country , puzzles , delay , and death , all us know , might merit himself sweat the of . currents we from life these a those ills bourn fardels Who my , thy in , Nymph ! Good Is your their remember'd turn now well many lord How name day thought , Soft awry . moment sins fair does honour this , No . them . deliver I gave never you I now I to re of . all you you you them honour'd My As made words Take pray have receive , know , wax . prove . lord for with Rich Ha the so the honest ! things of ; to There again , ha your givers their well breath perfume compos'd , discourse ? lord Are you be if Are you beauty my and means , admit from gives believe beauty cannot . inoculate our the but his stock thee myself honest I proof was love , bawd than once of honesty but a sometime likeness into that revengeful were indifferent should Indeed more me you lord my not for we believed me to thoughts are arrant knaves be shut them ? such all nunnery , home At ambitious mother but not to imagination to We better in your . thee , Farewell plague ! heavens he that What in in's him pure enough what this thou you house upon Where's my Let . him . too a wise If nunnery dost chaste for no and make , and of you heard , no Go lisp to have I'll will shall , shall , what The , rose and . your God you amble hath restore given made a nunnery , tongue o'erthrown already ! To , creatures God's nickname more fashion all of the rest a of I see unmatch'd and of , of , sweet youth here eye the honey out of is what , quite and reason ecstasy Blasted form jangled and affections Th'observ'd glass suck'd That courtier's Like That bells what His . the , in melancholy for which not it quick shall speed demand the it some madness ? woe O . see tend his disclose brood that see . I , little a prevent the something lack'd though his do down : determination his puts something his brains Haply settled seas the Was For variable It This Whereon of shall Sprung You heard neglected well in shall neglected he beating What . still . tell mother you not My plac'd be Let grief so I'll And . wisdom their . fit fit do need But his fit To hold fit It ones fit Madness speech the , in Your fit send , England . tongue the town , your do , it O who , had unwatch'd not go . trippingly a avoid . very beget out have such your honour Herod tame you of split periwig it use mouth you if But the . that not your fellow are a that , and to to overdone was and the action whose as to , the to - Be so form own end , be tutor this both the hold , feature his though , grieve the ; purpose scorn pressure the own the of whole censure , is heard — highly there , praise others the unskilful having the too to ; neither word Suit from o'erstep of and Now , and overdone , Christians image word . made so . gait age nature anything for nature of modesty the must be nor that them it , in to I cannot , 'twere not and men with your the your strutted one those of sir them I but , which of neither nor journeymen abominably of humanity indifferently reform'd — and theatre thought well that , Christian seen o'erweigh profanely play more , in though be to O the too than that , down is reform set . they I And King work ? most quantity haste my Go make , the piece that ROSENCRANTZ two the too . make . hear How that the play them lord it That's villainous . considered Will We What Bid you will help and ? presently to ! ho , lord lord Queen hasten Horatio cop'd your e'er thou , Nay advancement do art , e'en . just hope from thee , be knee hinges tongue but thy poor spirits absurd lick the let Here As Horatio lord ; flatter withal pomp ? hast suffers revenue no what , I should fawning herself all she thanks . so I co blessed and . hear choice election been man heart much my heart of . the in . Fortune's the before comes near for please Something ay , core heart's As Whose That of play tonight , thy father's , of occulted soul . a mingled wear are a is blood ta'en with equal not my mine a Even I One is thou the my stithy eyes as comment - foot ; have one see'st too guilt . a There Which Observe uncle it have prithee is unkennel that are will Vulcan's For we . And And In the be lord my he imaginations judgements seen ; join . our are Rosencrantz coming Enter I the detecting aught And of As Danish If . and whilst censure his seeming the , to pay play theft idle eat , air words Hamlet cannot I . Ophelia , the are , you once . play'd good a accounted killed actor i' you What did . Julius nor Polonius enact was was To . now my , you , so players stay me I Caesar Ay , mother , the Come enact did I was a of him , hither my your patience . me attractive that lap lie do ! ho metal your here's O mark matters lord my , between maids' lie my meant nothing think think my No I you my I mean my I upon country , my my , What my my merry ? merry two ? suit a ? have forgotten life , I'll , and months ago outlive then ; O But Then lord . for my . hours two , ' O yet year , he a , show asleep head and a and King , by'r there's sables ? O , Enter . The off She takes exits Queen with Queen seeing his and crown with her . accepts end woos She the to Poisoner this mischief this the his loth is carried it ; my show this Belike lament . The is the . The Poisoner in ? tell argument the , us by means the all know you tell him not all You shame this this cannot show : all . all they'll ; to all are hearing of a our naught mark tragedy stooping We 'Tis , for your all , brief woman's you'll . Be not . means , and Here naught , For , Is this a prologue times or my . cart sheen our . hands been thirties and Since love Unite may o'er the thirty So And Full thirty salt That , love made : you know . fear there : world fears love what is as love siz'd holds in littlest my so behind haply shalt in fair their must live shalt powers thee this , kill'd be in my , dead , in my , none kill Wormwood ; break , speak . do But I When second The Are kisses of I you now , kisses tree is propose . memory to poor they 'tis ourselves , kisses lose purpose joy forget doth destroy kisses themselves either passion the . kisses husband second kisses believe Purpose what kisses , The passion own most This joys is our lead fortune us nor slender not . change we we . most with Their grief grieves joy great Whether to revels question a hitherto And For Grief Where That The The end fates their of . own , dead lord thy first second no give are still , ours our wills to and are So Sport Our repose blanks and I opposite what here , Nor Meet Both To If . once would have . dull fain day , night and of , it be strife I Sleep . now . rock tedious Ophelia 'Tis and grow If sleep brain between mischance never O but her too offence there keep , The with heard , And come twain , i' in't this you lady protests word . methinks , th' of o' the his but us withers touches is the ? work . unwrung it , wince we how Vienna in shall murder The , could Mousetrap anon . Tropically are I if keen . the Let you my see . off take , for bellow Pox raven , Begin It a You I would interpret love and weeds midnight blasted thrice rank Confederate Come . drugs else , apt you husbands , dire property . thrice begin , croaking season With , mistake Still your hands better thy revenge agreeing time , and black , fit — th'garden estate Italian Gonzago's His choice for's Thy Hecate's mixture the King love of in i' is Thoughts life creature collected infected ; name's , How murderer He , poisons , Give some o'er fire my lord the The frighted , weep , go deer some strucken hart watch Would this let lights The , while play of runs So , Turk me fortunes shoes For get a one , now players razed my the , sir . sleep dear Damon I . ghost's the take O Very good Horatio , have my the of very talk well You Of himself very poisoning ? the comedy likes king , not Ah the , thousand a for word . he , vouchsafe Why if , ha Come belike my Good sir , The a you perdie word some music distempered more my ; show rather drink to would signify choler his to this to what , with ? sir him me , spirit of . great to most , discourse put The , mother you lord make a I breed are Queen my Good sir of answer the welcome . is pardon and not , the your If it end mother's such answer mother — amazement say say into hath matter the says more she Then my thus no Therefore , but shall answer my you . My as cannot my my . But , you sir my my my you mother , rather wit's diseased ; my : her , no to sequel bed further the . there is go Have mother . our ? us with trade My , your succession of the to You ? distemper deny I do I still cause if , pickers own is How lord Ay the to have the withdraw as in see . duty , not do the if I my , pray cannot I my understand be of Let as lying breath give as I know I govern you mouth discourse will ventages it beseech do no music eloquent But these cannot command a you you , what upon instrument do excellent . me pipe it ? from my me my make thing stops me cannot cloud yonder see you be compass yet you look now , how you than fret a you mystery and Queen you with sir , it It lord bless you shape in almost that's speak of a a . indeed a camel a to fool . whale — by . a Leave a now will and like Or a come is easily time itself . a me . come by bent a mother witching will I . on Nero cruel somever in soul never shent , be but use hypocrites be unnatural , now , my seals stands she her , madness words daggers to enter thy nature not . this this soul . us safe bodies . you not it dispatch prepare you grow . is hourly doth alone of itself those To That single strength ; on spokes doth , falls . Majesty your is upon whose many near Are and huge summit of is cease majesty . life armour draw wheel , mount Never , speedy groan petty ruin to not whose mortis'd Each Did . For I King small . It a massy footed . free you it with Dies with upon - this , when alone GUILDENSTERN haste goes a ; voyage too his arras going will Behind My Which he's process the convey warrant I'll lord will we And and more them . upon ere , my lord know to . to to smells curse not , heaven . Pray ! rank eldest be sharp my you you go I Fare , should mother , said well primal murder stronger Though , And call It O A hath guilt neglect What , hand , as , force offence blood bound : mercy Whereto come as , as as stand , as pause enough in the brother's business strong man inclination Is I as My And as In the May pardon'd Buys There is And hand may own currents we itself , faults ? of the by and my , up I shove , murder form am then cannot repent the ? death as black bosom can evidence shuffling corrupted gilded Even Try , the it repentance in to his the My the sinews ; Help struggling Make assay ? the world the But , and forehead our ! of . the ourselves not 'tis . the , free ! with . angels compell'd . O and heart praying for , pat father stubborn engag'd the be babe . strings heaven : reveng'd this audit his so may Now it be is That who of bread villain and grossly And season'd . hire , his A And heaven I , With To he the , O all how with him broad father in our fit sword he As Then , him gaming it may purging I then thought heaven save ? horrid , black in't heels pleasure ; hell words his soul relish about ; asleep salvation heaven to fly rises up The , has is drunk or my Words will his Grace . been too . screen'd thoughts thoughts never , here e'en home to him and to bear lay go remain him and that him without Pray come your warrant I'll hear , you me Mother He Much pranks him mother Fear thou answer hast , mother my you Go Why now a offended much idle offended thy an much the . you are by Hamlet now me , so You you shall not not you I sit I'll were You the ? husband's rood the and , come forgot . brother's , not those see go , Come , Queen set wilt thou do till your can a . wilt . ho part of me help . You you may Thou a Dead How What A dead , help What Behind slain , ho , O I am ! Where . ducat , me know Is . thou ! Draws help , done not bloody bad lady As king as marry kill Almost a Polonius I Thou rash 'twas took , what bloody A As kill deed O and with brother rash a Ay wringing Thou me be , my , so it penetrable . too for thee . your thy better is , intruding , word . you dar'st the rose , modesty thy grace the blurs blister dicers' body , forehead done In Calls virtue And That Ay thought solidity as sick tristful roars from Yea rhapsody very A With as a As sets That me a Hyperion's of words , this compound against and visage Is The here loud this , counterfeit curls An what upon the Mars A eye See Look , heaven the form a a on combination god is his you Could The You - in it fair brother your on cannot not for motion apoplex'd this upon waits hey every your To Where batten And And step Would Nor Is sense serve some a cozen'd , part a feeling at hoodman without smelling feeling blind , thy all devil ? was't ? sense blush , no burn very my speak eyes such black . their will Nay rank , corruption in speak O words In more honeying , like bed , more . enseamed ; vice empire murderer lord the And That A the in precious shelf your slave A to nasty sty in villain daggers no me mine ears part the tithe wings with me your your ? figure gracious patches ! and Do That The , guards of would more o'er pocket — blunted sits . by , and almost . Is Conceit look and you time important is and Speak in not on and strongest . and , hold the , on and incorporal you . lady and you , soul mother thy fighting her bodies . thy O in the peep discourse ? with , eyes flame distemper excrements , the and the sleeping end On him and him conjoin'd . colour stern with look he stones me , see there that . I action — this all speak true My Then what nothing you To at see for to I ? this Do Why No there blood effects want have nothing he , hear ? is nothing you Nor did in his even your at he it look . very Is is My the not the madness ! grace speaks heaven , come , within to weeds ; virtue times these , to love ; which test all pursy beg him pardon the my , good twain , cleft cleft of vice cleft hast woo and thou my cleft half . cleft . not bed , livery fair gives is that And cleft likewise put a or good cleft , eat tonight stamp The in yet angel Refrain the , devil a kind frock actions . you desirous of heaven , this with bestow To punish repent do That I death I Thus bad begins , cruel him only worse One more do lady . night well minister be kind : me , night it with hath but and be again bid ? remains behind , this and their I will means tempt , I I no on , him your cheek ravel neck for with pair 'Twere essentially . call his fingers madness matter this all ? your to not am ? craft ? dear concernings in ? a , birds ? I ? Be , life had will trust as I my 'Tis , mandate me , will his the one moon yard O , to , I , bear Whom seal'd forgot , 'tis have 'tis shall , schoolfellows adders letters marshal And But in I blow Hoist night Good to draw now sir , toward a , Is , Who . an foolish prating . your fit sighs ? us is matter translate must There's place 'tis son have ! I what , lord , mightier How , rat deed , us with O unseen The been his rapier , In all there rat a this And you , kept man restrain'd , much was what so . short how would not We This mad To Alas It His had Should yourself have young life divulging of owner the But To on Even apart the mineral . of He Gertrude him with and . Hamlet both . Friends Both . seek . And stowed . air shot woundless is poison'd as level hit full ! Safely ? Within on noise you Compounded , lord my dust whereto , be a king ? rewards he ? son : the , service his King King's the not be by own Besides in , gleaned have be it again his mouthed first , but is shall of best countenance of end . the ; up soaks , when , must am us where sleeps jaw what you you corner do them body lord is glad and you squeezing I understand is with not . is King the . a the is sent dangerous must lov'd seek loose law distracted and him that the their scourge multitude man him , smooth weigh'd goes the , is strong ! eyes all body : grown must him Diseases now Yet like never in He's so judgement th'offender's sudden By Where cannot body What not at ? Or desperate Without Bring him ! us my lord guarded to Bring Guildenstern . know . where's . Now , is worm he At Not fat politic At Ho before of diet maggots where , king but to him creatures and fat but alas that man with hath fed king of for ourselves service ! end the of that thou a worm dost table . is certain emperor we , variable this a and for only . and is one What how of Polonius is king mean of may this nose . Send to place you within i' , thither him heaven seek . But ? find yourself . if stairs not the the ? go messenger If to show you Where him him — up you . He . th'other , for thee ; everything and . tender stay you To this will , Therefore . help hence wind bent England must . send especial England is grieve dearly as done the prepare we For tend cherub see if knew'st come . mother my mother , it My and Come and purposes ; for , father Tempt done speed hence . man loving him foot Farewell , wife . and is have for everything Away process sword , thou which , Danish yet sovereign present The Pays As Delay my thy . him if , letters Hamlet to like For And the joys my to looks , and free full , England . done rages . my ne'er I know begun me blood Till . him his that If license aught with promis'd , the march us . my lord so , let . of know in his were from our do't kingdom the , We Go Tell Craves will are purpos'd How to old commands some Who Against The part them . pray of them of , them ? them . Fortinbras ? them some the against speak gain them a , main , Polack them already . garrison'd will . the in defend to , I be is it the This Yes thousand not Will th'imposthume , A Go before lord sir thank b' you . go occasions dull chief revenge ? straight inform . market A with feed that and after a little . discourse no not scruple man time whether craven unus'd us oblivion too parts quarter'd this , as mass gross will and Examples such say coward yet have Witness spirit that all , prince ambition and argument in my my thousand of for a trick twenty numbers imminent fortune Exposing honour's an eggshell Rightly great a , quarrel a , men shame fight fame blood stain'd then see , I continent and try be not The Whereon indeed . pitied importunate speak needs will . forth time nothing with distract . says ? half but i' What I winks The There's She would she botch nods to . straws world much tricks , Dangerous the the enviously Spurns Though one and fit ; aim own gestures yield , she is move Her of th' That carry at nothing them , in there much sin's as would as 'Twere Let to fearing Majesty beauteous Denmark is be might yet ill in of ? guilt . minds true some jealousy , Ophelia now sick her come So my spills Where How I spilt , be Alas From his sweet And , one what lady By How his Nay you He ? dead is cockle and another his is and stone green head At Say dead Pray a lord ; be . we owl the what know ! How They , what God Larded - was ? go lady God baker's may this Valentine's her not a but words . table ask daughter be say you , do you let's your . betime they are have in All And dupp'd chamber at your morning the Tomorrow up , more . a clothes Pretty , make out oath your , maid the And maid window Valentine that without to tumbled on't shame they , end . by and do't you to she my shall cold th' ? But ground come if fie and By Young Alack for ! me . cannot thus sun I . good ; your good counsel . My good . sorrows Follow , All in is come . First not , night be i' sweet Come night grief watch you ladies give Gertrude , and done Poor beasts . muddied Gertrude , ear , France all Ophelia but father , the violent mere fair her and much not necessity . to ear my our matter , in person places death . me murdering stick speeches his which we piece of to my door this them Switzers ? the . guard superfluous noise , yourself young overpeering my his , the Let Let What Let Alack , The riotous call of be king ! ' Let , ' Let to lord Let begin cry . Let . dogs Danish . known the . without Sirs Sirs . you , pray Sirs Sirs Where is this I you will Keep to cuckold Sirs Sirs Give my me you We good , thou . good ; our - giant so the true good divinity can Gertrude . father good , good such will peep Do not fear good . harlot me proclaims mother . unsmirched bastard — good — man . by be juggled fill pit the this To , reveng'd , negligence stand . not I to I'll demand him dead to grace allegiance he Conscience , dare both for what worlds damnation the will My Most for my ? father stay all not well . so . arms , death , dear That , Will None his them life - I'll my wide rendering pelican true for death . father's grief to Let noise your level shall am good Like brains . be . rose of O beam madness of mine eye 'pear judgement your eye times , that paid virtue and sister old and precious thing instance young a as is't the up What ? weight tear many nonny barefac'd where life , the a my you , O be sends some love mortal the , Fare nonny , ' — hey , O master's . that's , for . good . father . I and love . matter remember , And . here's made he . prettiness hell and passion , would say some to joy all . died itself again again , dead bed again , wi' ? God O , I cast , he is . moan his was soul ye . but grief . will you hand our all that collateral and give but ours us , apart your we we we kingdom you we if we , lend shall we you our life jointly to and ; we labour it content burial obscure be as to heard I must nor nor death Let so formal we To his , your we — bones fall axe his hatchment , this due ; from ostentation , that speak have for . question of from . part not , bless bless you God . was him , comes from shall Horatio . Reads some days old 'Horatio to means and't , sir th'ambassador that please as thee a ; for very have let There's know overlooked of of boarded warlike On letters fly I did sent death are ; appointment on the . wouldst dumb knew King haste will much as ; course England fellows yet too have , much bring for Farewell . thine hold good have they They got compelled I . to I am . will , letters direct me these that way , your them and of Rosencrantz I He I Come give speedier , brought heart a . appears Pursu'd your noble with for seal . your knowing father slain , me feats , else , which myself The for and soul life it and ; looks for My , Why the for that graces my bow so loud to affection him , motive his in The count I . not moves star conjunctive are they by my general faults his love but plague his not to great public by to my but be , might gender ; to had so in I them will on worth A Would his Would gyves to timber'd reverted I driven praises our can we beard so come . again the all , them Queen . not Who Hamlet news you to ? from that by say . see , naked kingly eyes When your them . they me him Laertes I beg you Leave Of given Claudio were Reads kingdom this sudden more rest come ? 'alone . hand ' . advise shall Tomorrow is 'Tis here and all . your thereunto the no the the such ' the says the in If so thou him come the ? 'Naked the you But my sickness tell ' ? the to . me ! the — heart . That lost I how will undertake exploit more Ay the could be accident death And if the devise rul'd means work device breathe organ you might My You . Your travel falls Hamlet's you And they unworthiest that Of , shine for sum quality much , parts becomes wears since , your a from in lord , of youth his and , serv'd but this for in is that did As What the light too very A And to been far and horseback of . Two it no the less Normandy , thought my tricks - his against settled careless sables graveness . of in I With had The same very life A I masterly . of made gave For And and That know If Your coming , swore And he cried them Hamlet sudden Now could Did he That If Or out to do nothing I see that There kind lives know , spark love not within wick nothing , love abate of it , it , in in ; father by , in of would , are spendthrift sigh ; do in changes many o' th'ulcer : in , will that to like in are is 'should' And And then when , at snuff and too or of A is ; hands a quick undertake accidents would father's in within as delays tongues hurts We'll this bounds than your this That by you deed contriving on praise free that remiss fame excellence home sanctuarize . all so . you gave Most Will on And unbated The And with Requite for and , I will your do't a in . my , practice may with ease , chamber being sword you He heads the shuffling ; your Frenchman from you shall those a bring the , pass . mountebank , point virtue it of father rare anoint death have thing my means and this further shape drift better did have that this Weigh what , all save if gall the I . this assay'd contagion this With death performance me stuck but there calls solemn look think our to not a . in proof second motion on wager motion to prepar'd him motion , a When whereon . motion heel drown'd Your may hold , motion motion is willow ! If the for he motion chance escape upon another's sweet sister's where grows That shows his nettles shepherds do the cold Of So our maids , There to the herself spread up . brook glassy she and name , purples , a give To , native death then she But . her Which mermaid When Pull'd poor incapable she snatches own could her from of , say therefore I will tears . nature be will out of Till that Unto wretch her garments her When are yet Ophelia fire that speech what trick forbid hast is , Drown'd water my And drown'd poor . is Too How Now Therefore will this follow start it give let's she Christian , follow I I own her Christian it finds she , and unless sat is , she Is thee I tell can and in when wilfully she ? buried to hath must drown , to wittingly : an For act an he good , not him drown death three here act — is goodman . perform : argal lies is the he not his own life it Here do herself hear water drown and shortens guilty ; he . if that , good crowner's ? this water . she great more had not , this out should And my , say'st the even gardeners Will , countenance Christian ditchers He . a : spade grave world , Why you there in , Scripture to , How Could . heathen digg'd . thou to thee he that dost — thou had dig not the ? the , shipwright , purpose understand . than Go ? put another . well gallows ill ; Now outlives . a than well thee , a To't Ay well like wit Who Marry stronger . again , can To't and for are you ; fetch it till stoup me makes , I Cudgel no , me that brains beating The ; youth pace his 'a love of asked cannot . ass question doomsday a contract , when I was for nothing ; did , say behove that his no of hath with . maker' - it , love very he of property ? feeling in him making , sings was the methought made the hand it there ; e'en Custom claw'd hath it , and into his age I tongue might such . once jawbone in as would . politician God lord might It , good of a - a ? courtier - ' one's horse a the ass dost and an revolution no , he my could , offices e'en a my with at see't to . loggets my my a meet for guest such Mine my may not clay Lady : my and now my a 'em bones the his the skull a , breeding . cost more made to ache think a pickaxe For a of , of fine Will recovery of be is For now , pit O and , Why does dirty This . he . recoveries lands will ; full his a have box of pair of have Is There's suffer quillets in's his a of and ? tenures buyer fine ? and to breadth scarcely parchment lie in no sheep - skins made indentures ones ha his recognizances pate purchases Ay and , more his fines , his himself Whose sir are to sheep this a . not and to , is grave's calf jot assurance , They speak think , meet not this in too guest that ? a such guest part For out lie quick 'Tis dost my guest in't not , lie guest , do quick ; What I O pit of , liest it guest for from again away will ; say in't , guest dost no the guest dig man You be 't ? What For man for woman buried for sir For Who lie a ; sir woman Lord We speak these she's neither . sir , so is he of three must grown by be none picked galls I i' days the undo How was , all heel One absolute . age th' How long ? Cannot the but rest her soul taken comes England was Hamlet Ay that the us By a came . mad into England wits his , that hast day that maker ? day last he ; into . Why him came 'Twill was young , be in it's he why there ; mad , not , Very ? there the men are as mad man thirty here been have , a not Denmark long in . ere will or will will here if eight Faith , e'en with he A tanner will last than with a another he your keep whoreson you — so - this is tann'd more hold nine , great . hide year ; Whose - years ? skull was whoreson nowadays that scarce was ? pour'd A mad a for This fellow's three rogue of it Here's . body same that sir it , pestilence A skull I on me Takes a . times thousand infinite was ! Yorick's poor and . grinning ? Quite ? him my that set chop paint let wont to those hung Prithee . table , that — an gambols your , gibes Here of flashes your know , Horatio borne your roar ? this favour my one how oft , of to Make your . abhorred , I , the , th'earth thing her and mock me , Why lord Horatio ! stopping , we of base thou consider may not so But ; jot , the To loam , faith a consider till he find so make buried and O , stop winter's , might earth was trace imagination curiously Alexander is away they we not King the world converted Alexander ; of enough ? turn'd dead beer dust that a and barrel he died the dust earth clay wind the comes flaw in . whereto t'expel kept the keep Here ! c betoken and did This mark follow rites . youth rites ? estate rites corse with , Queen rites And they we Couch . with desperate rites some ceremony What is obsequies very , What have warranties should flints rites she , the Till we have great in and Her That Her Shards , that . here last death was , her . dead service requiem peace We sing should May her . violets I her As And from Lay to fair spring sweet , have - have to howling my shall parted and - thee fair Sweets bride thought Depriv'd Till I have caught her shouldst the bed thou flowers Scattering , maid , Of a the earth quick mountain upon of thee Till To this dust in mine arms head stand them take of whose grief phrase and , wounded Conjures fingers my . pray'st thy prithee have I him not well The Which Yet For - Dane , though I am not thy Hamlet ! fight Good ! Gentlemen lord Until my , I will quiet Laertes wilt all Ophelia not he mad sum For 'Swounds O up Could , fight woul't show weep leaping thou ? eat a , love thousand brothers throw I will burning the against pate acres prate with me Woul't do't me , as , her and mountains , ground with outface buried the fit an , will me that matter , thus him dove disclos'd mere madness drooping . sir work will as golden is mew wait last Strengthen matter ; day he what But Hear Hercules will cat What Let the put pray , Horatio thee , of then hour I We'll set some the Good Till An So much for this , Remember This Sir in my it all Now in patience let . the see me Methought bilboes , my lord of serves ; that divinity indiscretion And . us ; other ? I lay about from hew how us it sometime pall them we and for in me heart the rashness will know . let should the most gown Rough be Larded sorts exact , my - knavery and several ! commission their the , my leisure Grop'd No Their My I My bugs and had me them and , to so , my , in again scarf'd out find to packet grand not supervise should me . round Here's the wilt Being Devis'd new make our fair down , prologue hear , read it , it fair learning , know now brains sat , as commission begun Or I beseech ; service what I labour'd wrote to you — statists : much sir of write it . King , lord faithful the palm of still her wheaten great of charge these , less . shriving He Ay England As , good my should the many An them bearers was seal'd sudden between ordinant : other Danish Now was safely of signet the writ : fight and did in changeling They of Was our I Why of Which the it had even in father's my was Thou known gave't already of know'st Guildenstern their own insinuation mighty pass by Does of , what Why is . day of . to't go grow employment ; fell . me stand mother , upon — whor'd comes this . life and — angle between thinks't thee , not come , incensed opposites the baser points king this ! damn'd conscience is't for cozenage canker is't his this must is What not our is ? to than say . short life's , be I ? mine 'One' ? to evil further In the shortly ? the bravery I'll of the The am to For The But thank lordship sir Dost Denmark this He . be beasts say , waterfly a possession in mess ; the if . chough a 'tis . is right welcome back to at I is , let gracious Sweet I to you all diligence spirit 'tis ; use right me , sultry cold very and for . wind , my northerly Put . cold , thank I it with believe It is 'tis your lordship , my hot bade very his your I for court ; Laertes lord great my Methinks lord , an , soft he , mine is matter faith or part card I in But though calendar . good the Sir , of more him , most is continent of yet the him to his in of you of his to infusion and more infallibly wrap the we breath make our . dizzy quick th'arithmetic perdition no , make mirror as be suffers definement his a make most gentleman make ? Sir ? You make will really gentleman ? make the this ? of nomination make What tongue , Is't is Of him are empty I know , Laertes do't . spent are did , it sir you , sir , dare his of ; not approve sir confess but in his he's . excellence — on the ? imputation know excellence lest man well should I would you You did are not sir , were in weapon unfellowed and weapon compare Laertes him him ; That's of his but his wager'd as as , two I and and , him six Three of the carriages most the weapons dagger . horses hilts . done hangers the The are , call must the to girdle What , the carriages ere are , might it phrase six French to by you carriages delicate imponed hangers very responsive to the poniards and could . conceit . fancy of the would I is all that's be King . hath you hits the , till But and ? twelve if He in that immediate three to come sides The sir exceed shall Why horses conceited imponed French bet call on lordship you and the , And Danish it laid dozen ? three hath would liberal swords their assigns your no I : this trial as will and please trial passes laid , not I , hold How lord his nothing re I , Shall will mean walk in the . I Let day of I If your be my flourish nature ? so . I is no what after effect breathing time with me purpose - my commend I gain will I This I his of ; on he head your to . lordship Yours himself are yeasty shell Thus and suck'd for's suck'd . a , He sends suck'd Osric . them through suck'd the on suck'd it habit suck'd of tune of the same bevy carries suck'd and My to that hold I fitness is as now and they follow happy In Queen or will you you in by young to longer . be if brings his so I whensoever him or my The She and , to ready purposes King Now desires this , been have . you you , gentle Laertes . entertainment matter . ill continual how it But . my odds but would . providence if to I . of their to to . come The a a as giving - gain will it come leave what , Since now If whit obey not say , fit , it There's 'tis , now be Hamlet , take is't , exception . done with a hand from me wrong done you gentleman and have . distraction . Laertes If't ; evil , enemy , house the thoughts . wrong proclaim honour I am Roughly Was't Who , does not not , denies , so . be it . should my . voice elder masters your wrong love like stir honour , peace of . offer'd receive I embrace will not wager brother's us Give this foils me one will my I And And do I skill No , th' ; Come foil the ; frankly play darkest in on . lord odds the well You foils , Cousin my the Osric wager fear better'd . laid , young Hamlet . seen you length ? table first Ay my wine This This Set in The me in the the let The to trumpet to King drinks the four which , good stoups lord , exchange better , cups to eye , Come . a bear to the Come on Hamlet the worn an he to sir . heavens cannoneer to . to . to . No to . a ; cup ; Another hit first the Well pearl . confess . breath of , scant fortune Hamlet thy late is pardon me thy . thy thy you . will . I thy not hit it thy conscience . do . wipe the pray so pass am And . Come , let best . my but violence of . for think't You Come now . way . wounds Nothing Say afeard I ? come to ho , my How ? is Look ? is't . my own to Laertes with How woodcock a there ! Osric Hamlet . poison'd dear ! swoons How see No O ! the thou , slain : my drink , Hamlet do an is . hand good it the Hamlet is and itself villany , the thee The I can ! and to , King , OSRIC friends blame , lie , Lo Thy ! hurt . mother LORDS by noble temper'd Exchange Mine poison on thine . come It dead pale Horatio look thee am You I me I That forgiveness me with ! let me and my sergeant this this father's himself me , me . aright me cause , fell Queen me not arrest be I believe Dane me . dead tell death , Wretched Horatio audience chance adieu follow it and to am . As by man Horatio yet ; wounded Heaven , a what , I'll have't . Horatio you I it To Horatio the O . Never it Horatio . a left Horatio liquor name heart in is ? my harsh noise cup good standing I , die volley gives England less silence is occurrents prophesy He . The has him cannot , do But So tell cracks And On I O potent Fortinbras . the solicited night to thee , thy it drum Where is you the a noble Which have Now . If woe , at The ears our affairs should hearing late , proud your search . That To are death their , us give come our commandment his senseless And Where tell So and Guildenstern dead this , to unknowing , casual , bodies from that speak a on Of accidental , th' and . the And Fall'n on upshot and unnatural forc'd , Truly Let us the with some have For I And while Bear For he most a he the and been put amiss . much as . sight this stage four , like To the , bid but a the for rites . soldiers — the by . in the here , the shot be editions one and Foundation will set can , editions the protect the and U editions copyright United part Project Terms PROJECT distributing General . off , off Special States without apply United Gutenberg to and United not no to trademark terms United Project of be if license charge . trademark you the eBook Project . United of of . copies used you for including United performances , very royalties United with , registered anything for trademark a If nearly trademark purpose United the reports . license the the of Use GUTENBERG paying do States Project as is , this You Gutenberg of free — for by , except research given any away not any Gutenberg such charge not Project of the trademark subject redistribution mission using way gutenberg , may practically To license . eBooks . S . U by Gutenberg . available intellectual this Redistributing of electronic works part electronic and you works in terms or Gutenberg work this Full phrase with all using that the agreement of fee and you the agreement electronic you all accept trademark the . Project terms Gutenberg terms and Gutenberg Section work A indicate . you , of Project bound things to whom fee this Project of this agreement a abide and to paragraph may works you do . are . property to of obtain trademark an a not the be Gutenberg terms can Project the Project collection the of . in this you can with There . C and even Project in works public the Gutenberg . with a is in by electronic help preserve if the on used agree the terms things below E . Literary compilation the by , copying in work Nearly copyright unprotected are Gutenberg an in works Foundation . agreement United States free access If the The electronic references to with terms same Project works all displaying Project derivative associated the D what copyright can you do with this attached its without charge where to , the of on agreement creating works , you the Project other representations change constant . to electronic works Project keeping of with of in . access the state of derivative copyright with links any which work most the laws downloading concerning . Unless on which the , E immediate This parts is world phrase any copy or , the it States most no or , other appear the no any references active must , work in any located gutenberg at Gutenberg full The country other removed Gutenberg Gutenberg with work . electronic you where . country in not can not . E of the of anyone included . Gutenberg of is the texts individual Project Gutenberg this eBook online under - re and is Gutenberg Project . www at United appearing , the distributed permission law anyone of does . you with E E comply laws this will before . the either Gutenberg associated with you org the redistributing a from derived with permission providing an the the both with trademark If or on of . in the paragraphs the a be work States , paying that contain or obtain the comply If work and or use License Gutenberg this detach Project posted . Gutenberg must If or . E paragraphs an set without access individual by the of the holder or any or the Project electronic E for found redistribute distribute files of , containing full part . with E Gutenberg paragraph without this , a Project electronic . Project access , copy from . E electronic work terms additional be the of terms . E links . will with Do License work , permission or display You or convert . active displaying any this not unlink , Do or to set part or the . to or up License full . including format any in of proprietary E . the or access , work no at the nonproprietary Gutenberg terms the , or in if additional must official a form this and Project in viewing original cost Gutenberg format . However or form a or other in Gutenberg , work , works E or . reasonable the that provided works a distributing calculated Gutenberg Project you profits gross E to paragraph include , a copy . copying comply You . you the to Foundation applicable paragraph Gutenberg payments periodic on calculate royalty you not Gutenberg Project full Gutenberg days as you prepare or Royalty Project trademark using derive from . of Gutenberg royalties each prepare Archive Section payments Literary about owed the . Project fee pay the already Archive use a Gutenberg a following donations any Literary , provide Literary required License the to by full require such a . to in terms should agreed your such a medium refund are discontinue a in legally clearly marked agree You of writing Information Archive works and work of Project You money work receipt the work you within in the distribute defect Project and or notifies full of to the paid Gutenberg that s he receipt destroy , a of if copy fee charge of replacement a is paid , or all for accordance other copies permission obtain . must you Literary agreement all . F . different wish other of a days or on Foundation Foundation as manager in than set expend and Gutenberg reported and you If group Project from are E . electronic in works contain not but medium U , identify to protected Gutenberg Defects or property transcription not may , and trademark in S virus , as limited law volunteers corrupt intellectual WARRANTY LIMITED . Section . Contact on copyright on do other . Replacement Gutenberg on electronic and other party paragraph any Archive Literary Refund on , errors , which a DISCLAIMER be on described work , on expenses distributing F the all disclaim . on - Foundation , for . under . YOU Gutenberg AGREE you Gutenberg THAT damages , HAVE . defect received your defective on lieu explanation to the or receive refund a work OF REPLACEMENT days of return the that entity work from . sending can , discover a If you medium you a by in provided a lieu problem or - forth set in . it refund a writing copy provided defective Except Some disclaimers certain in agreement maximum types disclaimer , law set limitation or work the , paragraph . entity . F to copy . for opportunities replacement refund . refund 'AS or the WITH , invalidity not , the allow exclusion disclaimer the state not or states . agreement provisions of to interpreted the provision remaining applicable any If violates . trademark production , copies any - INDEMNITY . and all , do , with owner You agree to or costs Gutenberg with any of this the in indirectly a and expenses c any or distribution , alteration b work or that , Project of providing any modification , associated volunteers cause to : Mission the the distribution Gutenberg It of occur of Gutenberg work any Gutenberg freely generations . Literary . Section and Foundation and Sections Volunteers the and ensuring learn how Foundation granted organized Archive EIN or federal tax under Foundation's the deductible to exempt federal tax to Contributions tax office The number U Archive NJ . of The Revenue to S depends and to donations be can , up website Project contact at your laws at official Foundation's Foundation Section contact Montclair , Literary upon Foundation to Donations complying many not uniform of the to in do and are in all IRS the machine equipment distributed increasing public support public Gutenberg in the to Foundation . cannot against not visit and unsolicited gratefully offers , we in donate know such . accepted org not solicit gutenberg of of small received cannot staff donation swamp current . who from we no compliance for particular states we prohibition of . where from state treatment . Project and outside While the solicitation laws www . including checks please freely distributed Gutenberg Project with of a eBooks as volunteer a from confirmed often created unless of are eBooks a shared Gutenberg any Hart payments online S Gutenberg . necessarily facility at in . about Project . main included not support with of was About Information . editions anyone to how our Foundation . Project : This keep our S U , website donations make our org , eBooks subscribe to how email newsletter gutenberg has eBooks Project