? and there . me Stand Long Stand ? Barnardo Who's Stand Stand , Nay Stand Stand . relief For Well do of rivals If you my night and Who . a ho this I The hear , farewell good night there Horatio Barnardo Barnardo have I , Welcome , Marcellus . of him , minutes twice seen of entreated sight to That He may tush 'twill appear to come apparition and this not , your awhile speak , again assail down fortified against have nights seen down our we , of speak sit same let us hear , we Barnardo two made Had star it now yond break figure course , then The Where Peace In What speak ! 'Tis ! gone this , and ! Horatio ! What ! my Such So When frown'd He smote twice martial before , hath he the stalk particular what in the bodes gross thought of scope eruption me tell to most and of the brazen of implements cast of for mart divide not such And Why why such the of daily the toward foreign , That with can the is't whisper even prick'd Thereto , now goes by a but know on in ; combat of our Fortinbras ; by ratified life seiz'd of which his , King a inheritance ; the article of by , sir as hot , Norway lawless here list diet to ; of in't appear which , us unto And , foresaid watch of and in land the the strong our no lands take Of The So other , preparations , of mind's the these wars King rummage and it A squeak Did In high and , events together most and stars in Was with stood little ere tenantless gibber of sun graves The the Roman fire doomsday still coming . me , Lo behold As harbingers the and earth Neptune's the moist stands the and ! any thee do ease , be use earth blast any be there If earth may earth thou it , though sound it , soft earth Unto our climatures or and country's foreknowing ! and walk earth thy earth treasure they Speak . spirits fate in , it say thou , Extorted if it Do it strike . life the hast oft speak O ! 'Tis here , at if Shall it here ! invulnerable mockery , violence , our fearful and trumpet And it offer the air the as about And , that Upon The , lofty is started then it To We , Awake with ; shrill is , to crew cock guilty , his the have I . summons day or Th'extravagant It Wherein , the made . warning heard throat herein , morn in spirit and present 'gainst singeth all season the long comes . hies earth at and erring of faded Some then are bird The And No I hallow'd , so , the and part to power birth that ever Saviour's takes time planets stir , cock of our of wholesome nor gracious witch have But we Let This Unto , consent in we ; upon high eastward advice , us shall dumb spirit As the o'er Walks So Break Do you To with far memory The To be contracted of our Cornelius Where we shall Lords , joy , herein we gone nature . queen , defeated eye on ourselves in thanks , barr'd dole , death , him with advantage law , message for of surrender the He Lost our his valiant Importing To Thus Now thinking along , wisdoms follows Our most by dream of you disjoint pester with brother and the of You good , further , be us . we of : to the all made , writ , levies in and to , hears meeting those lands here . have scarcely here the scope , and Voltemand Norway your duty . and , VOLTEMAND no Cornelius Giving To Out his the that , it things The gait nephew's , are we greeting this , bearers business ; Of and let of For Farewell And now these your our duty . commend haste will : what's some doubt heartily reason . not have to native , not , beg thy lord willingly duty though and favour show To now and confess to the the to ? heart , thou wouldst to asking Laertes ? done and , France , France ; leave pardon Polonius slow says thine , be to hard and consent him my ; you more little . Aside is now hour give I laboursome from at my lord his , than that lord sun . thy it , still too much on than ? nature common noble not am nighted colour Denmark friend that madam Ay And Do Passing like like for Seek Not How Hamlet let like , so like Why If , Nay seems Seems like Nor like not Nor like alone 'Tis ! 'Tis sweet give To you father To must and For but these That commendable truly can These . mind is and , and be most 'Tis But , father lost Hamlet ; bound , a vulgar the As to Take A against heart ? most reason To Of A it absurd and who whose fault to throw to died that pray We us take to still a , dead , our simple as throne world our the of let father his , earth , theme and nobility For son , intent , son eye your for , think of note , to , shall whereof tell of grace today Denmark ; accord unforc'd and come , Hamlet , Hamlet not obey Denmark the thunder a fix'd again reply ; fair clouds bruit Come solid resolve the ! it merely and nature garden world and O dew ! this unweeded God , away flesh would ! melt God of an gross so that king not too ; satyr face a so beteem . roughly might he I Let A her dead . things — That Visit ; nay Why a to appetite shoes were father's she a month mine of those ere or tears beast longer Hercules but , A brother flushing to is With my , It married . nor not , O She My have . Than I to of married dexterity . your Hail . my same or I you forget servant . to myself , friend . well Wittenberg from that change Sir Horatio ? I'll And But A I Nor To make not shall what teach But truant would you hear my yourself I prithee think it I know of ear your you do came was , thrift forth the marriage heaven my day , Horatio bak'd upon . funeral fellow your I had seen I he . him . all like was mind's ? again in all . his eye lord Where my him In saw once my a was He ; saw upon take I while gentlemen . me may . hear you they he march , the these had together love A them dumb By Two Marcellus dead by and : the with jelly secrecy oppress'd The , impart they did , night , the , deliver'd the they comes each third dreadful as thing , These both in ; father your knew word . speak where I true like good , it as morning the it I did yet it you up lifted the did To you it down in . know honour'd , but me troubles . 'tis our writ , my let very sound the at from our . this indeed , BARNARDO We MARCELLUS and , Arm'd lord saw his , Then not face ? to top to he beaver his frowningly he , And Pale , pale eyes constantly I would had red sorrow or A more countenance fix'd very upon you Most Stay'd was It Not , will 'twill father's it Perchance assume warrant , me it 'twixt I'll your and in gape in well not is you in in . I pray you conceal'd . to duty will in Though Till in it an visit you eleven So but in soul All would : earth play in loves doubt My father's my o'erwhelm embark'd the , you sleep benefit deeds come ! Farewell give that trifling of in not ; you winds not from his toy the a and doubt nature of . so a lasting ; sweet , but No more the and youth of , suppliance and not Forward , The No more does . grow this more , own ; you loves further . open ; sister , or or or or or : or . spring . to or disclos'd lies . heaven , though this But keep be in imminent dew buttons , th'effect of good and pastors . my way dalliance treads brother , comes fear . father not his But path ; for . rede to ; double grace shame me Aboard shoulder Look thou . character And Nor few thou stay'd for . the is double here are friends soul their aboard The thy thought means adoption of entertainment comrade and , hast unto not - hatch'd unfledg'd with dull to Grapple new do Give entrance thou unproportion'd no thy his no vulgar , judgement : voice . hoops with ; steel . Beware station husbandry be . day true . and thee of purse ; both and friend : in ; rank can but reserve thy buy not that ; man lord your you season this thee , Ophelia , to and said my false be : all above And it not memory yourself said to ? hath he it well servants you you , key lock'd in So , me not the . honour you between do of audience so caution so you you well to way yourself I : you yourself you and put must . you you . you so and your you late up many green circumstance I think Tender speak perilous You ! his lord to Give speak speak a girl tenders speak think speak call , speak speak Marry Which , I do not know you these the you'll ; fashion dearly phrase love to to countenance speech , making go , honourable it may you Ay And these heat : as blazes , the do , From he their which implorators like vows investments are , may that . a higher presence Hamlet is at him a of Not ; would Than be In for of ; plain or I give to Look ; air The ; Have it is a an and now hour lacks of is wont my , his lord takes draughts tonight mean held draws It . it not the spirit does this wake doth wassail he kettle And More our our clepe From They Makes us Soil addition , though drunkards in mind I am . men nature of of chances indeed at phrase : swinish and our it , takes attribute them o'erleavens men , corruption , of dram The evil man — infinite fault particular noble as the the his general own To my lord , Look and Doth of , it of spirit ministers from intents in such to thee Dane or O a in , I'll . hearsed ; why ignorance thee quietly ponderous and ! What again , in glimpses of and we shake our reaches of ? our fools What disposition So night Revisit'st why It Look No will But It It not I me That beetles if it there to Or Which might And And very you draw looks The And Without hears It That on go . the beneath many it waves my thee still , me I'll follow hands . lord your . in artery Nemean this ghost call'd My off me thee on Go a ; rul'd petty the out as cries . fate me lion's Unhand of — I'll each hardy As I lets that . no . lead thou Mark I hour is to sulph'rous render Must I When Pity Speak art Doom'd a To Make Would I Till for the Are tell the day done . my that to father's walk in confin'd But away whose my days I lightest fast to spirit from to start thy unfold secrets foul and eyes two To ears If thou foul ! murder O , blazon . List ever O , Revenge most Haste me as in , with . revenge the apt duller shouldst than of as , that I thoughts to find my most Murder it unnatural weed fat Lethe , whole of forged me stir 'Tis itself I rots so in wharf , Hamlet orchard , of death life , stung did wears my that , Ay witchcraft With O of that Is serpent to seduce love mov'd ; heaven , decline the dignity there power , air be pour did of the droppings sudden and , with swift as alleys . tetter instant like gates an blood effect ears my courses a , in stole , through distilment enmity quicksilver , mine , into and . hand ; loathsome bark'd it , did blood So wholesome , most , a lazar Most , A If , Thus all , To prick glow adieu . pale to ! worm 'gins , her aught mind those sting , me . to Remember . heart O The Adieu fie couple of not instant thee ? seat , past records pressures all forms , Yea of books away all heaven hell O up , from poor my sinews you host ? ghost distracted this , wipe book matter pernicious , it smiling Yes , brain live there of volume and thy baser youth In Ay saws . villain Unmix'd commandment the O most am I may smile one . HORATIO Within be Illo . ho , It Within lord . ho , bird ! come ? O my , my . tell it wonderful How Good lord you'll my , say , no needs so And There right ghost To hath and desire shake we for pray . and go I'll man These and — more you us lord from are my come the grave point you , all hands without , business they faith you you offend , offence no Touching , honest , but there this you here me vision us good . my is let now , soldiers between tell is . will not I tonight ? already lord , Come ha boy on Cries under upon sword . Art in the there lord have seen . my you Swear . Beneath of the Propose to my upon my have . Beneath , gentlemen hands of more dreamt you , come mercy — it give this , i' work is good remove wondrous more stranger heaven your philosophy ! friends . such Or we , myself think me this some ; Than are so help , you , help not this most . of or pronouncing , or 'We or giving out could : me your 'There Swear rest my so perturbed Beneath all what , poor I Rest God still is ever money to . together . I to us your of joint born on out I your , was Give I You shall you I , to behaviour wisely what at , and drift son , means expense what demands know do your as , thus Take in As And in him , him' very 'I part Addicted part What But As so But be may sir you such , forgeries if't are As To dishonour and wanton , and companions Faith no may season it scandal another to breathe a of taints unreclaimed . assault lord — do you would I flash A That The Ay you , th' . my my , believe in , you , soil'd youth or guilty i' here's a would prenominate of breathe him sullies little on of this , ' . or the does , And According By 'Good sir The you closes ' Of consequence . ' . ' , in 'friend thus say to Or , then He At At the mass closes 'closes in or the 'gentleman . ' or house forth directions and find former so windlasses By Shall Videlicet , have , a at There saw falling Your do With and carp this takes and lecture have , bias of You wi' his Observe shall inclination God lord well . ply his lord music yourself . the been God of so ? unbrac'd in foul'd stockings , his gyved my to , his knees - doublet was his sewing lord have I in My Lord hat shirt with And , lord thy thy Then took to falls he thy He And last And goes thy I do me thy by he thy with his would the to — little it thrice , end He And For And As being his find . any natures given oft Whose is any am itself without seem That his without went bended . his with he the to seem'd last with go out doors me the This , violent the leads And As as our afflict will does you have my I I am had I As and long to use Guildenstern did see heard , than for ourselves as we being hate which it to hide discretion . grief known More That More Since that So Resembles much than I cannot being his of , since so That So , us from on time , by here days to of . it transformation nor th'exterior was dream death so th'understanding , occasion To occasion show to he us sure I fits and occasion . occasion afflicts and to pleasures lies draw occasion , two much shall king's have remembrance power occasion your . occasion with there much are will not of and profit visitation supply your If men Both whom so gentry us good will thanks , us , you is some where gentlemen Hamlet and and . and visit of . practices and , and and lord : King so I else or my to of as Assure duty and my my gracious hold I — trail , the of — God us'd cause Hamlet's that do to do to admittance fruit that the , first be them , to to my of queen source is no all death and our other grace , doubt do and The tells I it me His head father's Say Most Upon His On That was But It To Makes commission as entreaty , herein before thousand , employ in annual Polack this for dominions you regards of please therein are likes us consider'd It more enterprise quiet . home Most rest night we'll ended expostulate , time is to , and . mad go else night limbs Your noble the to is for nothing define be that let with less More I But is That Mad he That And Or in it For this find say a rather Thus That's : ill phrase this you a vile from , idol Now gather and she have — this soul's and duty . my but Doubt Good Came thou that Doubt the ; sun Hamlet awhile stay Doubt I thee at doth , not machine best daughter my , by All they This evermore that Ophelia . dear I , But fell As Thine As , hot what me his ear by hath time given out how above hath , mine she more And think hath you a do faithful . seen told I I of would When perceiv'd I think my ? mistress then , my of fruits a tale . weakness make advice , gave precepts his no . be she And the watch sadness receive short wherein we think he fast to lock then thence , messengers should she the into now a been I It Do Into And madness a a Thence to to Thence and lightness 'tis likely indeed I , from circumstances hid the though me will , is truth he to . daughter . then , loose , it loose will state thereon loose does loose he I'll So time loose I and . encounter loose from the keep no loose his reason We try the loose sadly poor . do my presently does God - know , board How good you Do , sir as this world the Have if sun For , That's very ? breed true , being lord to be . a . a dead a . daughter He extremity do , love for . on look a is harping my him a matter Words , a my youth . my as a he , but , blessing not very much , read lord ? suffered I What grey amber , and and faces . that ; Slanders their ; hold be backward honesty wrinkled the gum , yourself you wrinkled with potently wrinkled wrinkled out madness . there air is sir , yet wrinkled sometimes reason madness grave leave wrinkled will I Aside ? hits often that prosperously wrinkled Into , of I my will will of lord honourable happiness meeting , sir Will Though Aside . out and . him and part more pregnant . lord , that leave except most delivered him my and , the take To God . sir most . My My to go friends good excellent Good My Rosencrantz Happy , Fortune's On about , the in Neither that we are the her we the As Nor are not of soles children of the - very shoe . or lord cap Then news ? is she middle of strumpet honest more a grown , Denmark's Fortune , prison world one . good she Prison , your , goodly one Then which Denmark We none makes thinking I space ambition be , count or . good mind of . of the dream ; the indeed , one nutshell are for that not ambition a but shadow itself so is of Why , Which , Truly and dreams A hold but , We'll ambition shadows to speak such you way friendship not sort with what , I Elsinore attended my fay ; But for heroes servants you am the you dreadfully free nay visitation a it but . my say are Come dear am in the To thanks Is . were have craft is you Come there not speak ? Queen for ; for you . my modesties lord . halfpenny And , your , You have conjure ? let . anything colour enough in what me To King good end youth more me . by , you , I fellowship you teach the of by for , consonancy be Guildenstern an eye of . lord . no what even have why the ; wherefore to , we My Nay off , no with . discovery custom of this god , me , what neither . say to me noble golden fretted , seems goes so me promontory of , it how action in nor and in , congregation o'erhanging Lenten not in stuff , my players if coming . not 'Man my so a yet And . apprehension is man express entertainment and way coted you service shall — his his use welcome laugh did the not me He of the and the lady for't shall you when said Why they gratis clown Even think her . take wont What such better both the players and of tragedians players residence ways means . freely players players were those you they players Do think inhibition players in of in , players — did the I . the — eyases common goose little No late city ? Are , top ? indeed children are if they no for't , quills 'em they their them afraid they exclaim writers players thither not is nation as do no holds money the , say ? many that their — escoted ? How ? they for player . possible . There the them has no bid for to , make to Do they do boys to of ? the argument been has the lord my while ducats something fifty more it . this hundred is , there is in out hands , my are welcome this fairly outward . are fashion - what should more lord entertainment Let me yours are . must you . players . like the - north is not , Guildenstern , welcome but north hawk , you second 'twas morning them twice to sir lord My to I lord , news actors for of they Mark so players Monday say ; the You Monday an old , Monday Monday for Monday I have Monday tell , you . When my . Rome Monday poem the too cannot comical pastoral actors came each Upon , tragical The he , and daughter my what , passing no — he loved , my lord ' well fair Israel treasure What which Aside had Why of 'One The my , Jephthah I Nay What Why God , lord that well follows , as , pass by , chanson will show . am glad friend . like it more to face ! I pious abridgement comes As to , Com'st . the The are good , uncurrent all mistress piece of gold We'll you and ! masters row It lady of to't Come We'll . by By'r be e'en speech a altitude your beard nearer give , is straight a . I , was ? it top remember it but , play But caviare , heard see thee last . are last quality have . in the in , were than phrase no the as lines the , method in might much received set — pleased that in in see , and . speech thereabout live modesty others or if million acted never not , make indite fine If , smear'd foot Pyrrhus so this speaks 'Twas . chiefly matter . the by affectation is more total , horridly to trick'd Black When With Now blood Bak'd lay : Priam's to . Dido ominous black a lend That To eyes With vile . did the resemble light Pyrrhus , good , and sword falls , wide Priam with o'ersized thus And carbuncles , to short drives whiff at . senseless with lo ear . this falls at Greeks . Repugnant spoken , him finds Anon , with good accent Striking Rebellious prisoner Priam Takes too to reverend like painted , the a a as bold winds the dreadful so speechless ; after stand pause work the , hammers - fall , still , matter nothing Did we The A But Aroused never remorse less And On Out It up barefoot A Who , had Fortune's the gods state , treason did mobled ? and th'alarm would her With Run That's queen' for all stood A upon loins fear saw the bisson Where About When things mortal of his with diadem themselves move that Pyrrhus of tongue this , has Unless made milch passion the burning her clamour see her then husband's she at heaven , sport not In I'll well Would , you I them Take them own every . after their bad you report are players speak you thee abstracts will Use after more ? 'scape Follow thou him me hear night lines . a for not and down need study insert play play Murder not him . some could Can set ? lord Ay my good , mock , in't to and , Guildenstern To Ay could Elsinore you speech lord lord . here this am of it O , Is her not night Rosencrantz and . till what from , And visage , passion for to all and him to his conceit ? broken That With to For , he to would , free speech Yet , stage the indeed appal with motive for Hecuba or ? I peak a the for passion . No mettled , for life , th' cannot this me does it my most not rascal of unpregnant my a me Who : for ? villain , hell to , That , a my what A Must like About my sitting brain Have That And an the Remorseless son of by Fie ! whore a ! cursing revenge , scullion a Prompted the have my know . quick hath have but have murder observe that . If he devil the spirit I'll . the I'll power looks speak perhaps I his , will players of and melancholy something him like uncle the course I so distracted dangerous feels More Wherein can you his on confusion circumstance , of no drift himself he confess cause what But days , to on state . madness he crafty receive his true Of we But do from does by be no will When you like forcing , but of our . well he Most his told players certain him any reply We of it raught Madam you question Most to , much it the . see . these further . matter see me content see lord inclin'd edge , see , Hamlet , see . hither see see delights to us may here , happy , shall : good gather for your bring him to Ophelia wonted his your . I wish hope I it honours way be colour , you book in on please . much Your We , walk here — lash cheek more a How show 'Tis loneliness too coming , withdraw that mind question : Let's it . Let's my suffer , troubles Let's shocks sleep , heir is Let's be there's to a thousand of to , be opposing Let's ache That No by ; When give have Let's of , may natural we end , sleep in nobler and arms Must in that calamity pause There's long , time coil this dreams mortal the so off shuffled of sleep , Devoutly more and , wish'd flesh to perchance we sleep heart ay the proud the spurns delay contumely , law's . the rub , love , love ills the under , that rather returns country himself dispriz'd the love takes quietus , and love That love patient he the dread make does love undiscover'd The The pangs and us to conscience o'er And love Than And No that makes regard name the remember'd now in , this honour Good The Be fair Ophelia enterprises sicklied traveller Thus And does My That humbly for Nymph , I No lord My How your thank my lord - deliver of , long to re . their sweet did compos'd noble unkind . the to givers There you truly , Could for a to This proof is it if beauty be the , lord power bawd of have the will force sometime than love you of a made paradox me you cannot . I virtue deceived . it the yet but Why was I . mother wouldst had with , imagination more , such all fellows , should . nunnery knaves At home in's shut lord that , house farewell pure give you thy make Farewell ! of marry dowry wilt you if , O help him , thou Be . escape needs restore jig make mind is Those shall a , soldier's keep , made hath amble wantonness your you him me , a ! already , reason and music of blown sovereign tune woe me see what is way see vows down quite , wretched harsh youth , his and feature most out and O of . seen I Love Was be I seen what affections his it I not Nor For Haply something demand seas variable Thus This Will And O'er do set From his fashion With . in , still commencement . My lord after as you . on't I do you . his grief ? now Lord How do , alone round him him the in . so not think him unwatch'd . must ones , lines many Nor gently all but give smoothness , it mouth you as I , spoke my use say may may capable of fellow nothing . O o'erdoing it . groundlings offends passion to a to the air too torrent acquire who shows It tutor special . this . discretion your anything , be nature end , both at the to nature for scorn to , the o'erstep purpose it , let avoid whipped . the to own you the honour the warrant of , the make , seen Be the very the or the profanely so observance playing , the and overdone make allowance them for down I the time his form and pressure , in to the I . o'erweigh a , and that Christians bellowed made now How too some of Nature's journeymen had abominably sir speak will the hope your them be ambition . hasten that of piece and haste make ? this lord my hear too the Bid Queen two you ROSENCRANTZ them I ; flatter from thee good thy poor the absurd the hope lord dear Horatio As For That no , O my what clothe may , in all , her rewards blessed well so thanks suffering that pipe for finger Fortune's are co me that - do my are fawning . Dost are , death are foot are him , heart . are are wear this of heart circumstance of much the a act my father's thy of soul - that near the of occulted one If thee , a And is Do , when the . are will will , 'scape steal In to A Rosencrantz coming If And flourish Well my both eyes rivet our . playing pay , Polonius be the detecting , fares . How this - promise No , I mine with nor answer To . have nothing now did I did enact was a brute That good Julius No Lady the To lie I No , you a nothing What think Do I fair That's Ay , I think mean meant meant meant meant meant to meant my my is , Ay my meant mother , man my within's merry ? suit Then . suffer But ? be and months 'tis looks , black , two , do died father my . for and his or whose outlive ago months may ; then devil wear , life , he yet O him a comes down . He , shall 'For unto poison protestation in makes . passionate , in , bank takes a . and Poisoner The in away play mischief ; argument the ; all . cannot keep counsel it to . mark are : naught play , what you ? meant . him show they by us . for We 'Tis this prologue your , As brief thirty wash moons dozen And About love Full Neptune's our Since So salt hath cart round and so are count cheer again may lord Yet . aught is love women's For Discomfort far you is great , it holds proof your former must I sick done moon be of state too there : is so fear shortly and leave grows behind to , love haply live , grow fears must My operant is my , love in hath the , love . breast rest wormwood move . my in be who on sticks we tree break mellow be . debt lose ; speak , memory , the validity doth forget is doth . doth , themselves , with on doth fortunes most our to slender doth yet nor fortune prove love favourite not doth . strange , flies change ; enemies should loves down advanc'd makes shall enemy doth a friends hollow friend , you never him his a orderly wills our thou when thy second so where and , no none overthrown contrary to their ends I do fates husband dead , are lord wed from day nor give lock my trust and is of and night , destroy wife . it and me should leave be lasting Sweet I here and with it sleep . twain . would beguile me awhile between play her much . methinks this you , world ? of call she'll argument What is free ? jest but ? offence poison Is , 'tis that jade one Lucianus chorus my withers , is Duke's the our good , a are You This gall'd see are my groaning take . my edge puppets . love Begin — Come . hands black , mistake you Thoughts Confederate With cost faces husbands and thy leave infected thrice no fit midnight of blasted and life wholesome usurp mixture immediately drugs , ban Thy him is , weeds magic very gets The frighted What my lord . lights go weep ? false with , play world and watch , with two , a , on if players Provincial feathers of hart strucken let Lights , Give me Would A — dismantled know whole , Half runs forest some rest of the , Damon I of share dear here rhymed . and realm ghost's well Very , note like For ha Ah then Why , Come belike king likes some he the Come very music vouchsafe ! if did Upon I , some . you a with , Come him . the , perdie . recorders sir . whole a lord his No should to itself in lord more choler , frame and not perhaps plunge the to more rather ? signify would purgation his to far discourse from am put lord put ; to this show me for I Queen Good mother wildly The , affliction my answer mother , you say say , my — and amazement such your mother's of shall I will do return . business lord diseased hath behaviour mother this admiration ? sequel . any . mother closet a My . But mother or heels , more so in ten trade My so And Good is do I lord still once with the own what your liberty voice ? succession the — of you cause have I if of , the too grows in Denmark play upon is too pipe this ? you my well understand that be , if — one , recover the not with cannot I , Believe My pray I : beseech ventages and . me You harmony I have and . most discourse , these . my . stops thing utterance make this . do 'Sblood Call speak music me with your . are ! to voice excellent ; pluck the you , of of skill lowest would in you will , presently and shape a of . indeed 'tis backed like in Queen the can you speak God that's Methinks you lord By see the mass yonder bent come Very is is easily and When By by now world could said time hot . blood , friends out my not thy bitter yawn itself 'Tis this very I Contagion to churchyards And do such to tongue in them , I The I him madness not his let your And Hazard so near England range stands Therefore it with may doth . keep feed upon fear provide grow not lunacies many life of mind . safe it more the armour . is bound rest of , majesty doth highest petty ; of not near Fix'd Each small summit ; mortis'd . it the and the sigh ruin , will fetters , boist'rous I now put we Which GUILDENSTERN free but goes ROSENCRANTZ We - too but going he's arras but I'll she'll mother's it him to but tax wisely o'erhear , home audience partial but , mother said closet his warrant bed but I . a ere what my , you you , liege . lord know to go my it curse Pray as , to eldest sharp as will double shall begin , intent upon't defeats to if brother's cursed I can What with the heavens first this blood , business Whereto offence serves , hand snow ? my in both thicker white as itself where man And Is enough pause it prayer in than not to being . But turn be O me am possess'd murder of , of visage but ere ? since I look twofold this we , mercy what form up , force ? I ambition retain ? foul still this itself , of prize queen murder my by world wicked 'tis there our compell'd lies shove the seen . shuffling , and not and and What What can What above the we forehead one ? repent ? not cannot be Make : rests , of bosom black can state soul of , can wretched engag'd knees and struggling sinews , now he he . That am , father I I'll villain this do so do kills might now so sole son , father broad grossly , took He I And With all heavy in his O . heaven how his his But my reveng'd I my A , and our 'Tis and To take and trip , is he When Up and And At and Then and sword he is When Or gaming in , no , th'incestuous has him hell As This The that his My fly without words you . hath have straight been Mother him your thoughts up . pranks come He will Tell his Pray mother father , Mother , you have , I hear . wife . wicked with , forgot you by , would , You No are Why question the What's rood . to set , now do You go not sit I'll Come Nay may , O I am slain ! Draws . help ! done King and Almost . as what Nay . Behind Dead O a marry ? it , bad bloody king word . is rash to wringing hands better 'twas As As To bloody kill danger fortune , so it you . of have it of Thou And let took I and that , I That If wring , busy your be too rude against blush an Such , rose , vows marriage deed such love done virtue the grace thou act off Makes glow doth religion Heaven's sweet contraction oaths body of , soul and from very of From the there of an of modesty , doom , face the as As rhapsody solidity That Is The here Hyperion's a presentment and act this two this , man of to form every combination your was A give To See , Mars seem set New step could The - waits from not Is would not at now Look husband this moor it the the to have , Else in Would his this cannot batten wholesome your is Here Blasting on Ha ; is : what you that so feeling smelling of thrall'd , Sense for ! your you , was't - hoodman What is where , part thy as charge , shame , shame , bones of shame without true sense shame blush shame in shame O When shame thou in the turn'st I shame Stew'd Thou not to live very my black , Hamlet will In mine speak the in the no more rule kings ; mine the pocket diadem , stole . it put And and more ! patches o'er guards ! he's mad Save me Do you come time and not laps'd important of tardy in acting say your your O dread , Alas not whet thy This mother purpose visitation sits . you her to Alas , how do you That at as the your eyes air is't with Forth up , And the And your an end . in bend incorporal sleeping like soldiers with Start Sprinkle cool Your , Would Lest stern effects His colour . with do you speak do have for convert ? to you I perchance see . this look preaching all hear . I is steals away ! he as out now creation at look in goes coinage he where look is My Look gambol not Would I the will Lay Whilst That Infects Repent It And do make To For Yea , Forgive away O O Forgive rank and film mining ulcerous Confess , the ranker what's Forgive . spread itself the Forgive past me compost the weeds virtue , Forgive him do pardon this pursy my good times beg twain in Forgive heart , it part for woo throw is use is change devil or tonight , fair yet sense this and more of throw next , so night , with ; do To this , For will good night . be . nature and worse cruel word well . lord behind King shall . on tempt call of his this neck ravel cheek I , him gave more What , wanton to him the for your no means bloat by Let But from paddock , hide ? in a craft mad And let you That all For all Pinch all paddling your essentially good not all Make all the despite concernings basket of the from you all . a 'Twere who that's all I And Be I to , England had forgot thou breath me . to life no down the in , conclusions your if to you as I my : knavery sport . must I said must Hoist For They But own the marshal bear mandate to Let enginer go shall it will adders , room grave still good the in them one moon will blow When at man guts delve petard , have sweep their directly you , 'tis mines sweet counsellor meet most . knave profound understand little 'tis translate on place your son sighs heaves ! sighs them . sighs seen have us fit sighs . sighs is , Behind as sighs his Whips is the , sighs a ? contend ; rat a 'A his both fit , stir something , when apprehension cries O liberty His had you how , laid , full us unseen in sea Which It . what deed whose and was ? providence out was a of owner from pith keep To But have the the . apart divulging hath metals what mineral he of He itself we him shall done . deed vile this with ship no hence all must We Friends hath you some , Guildenstern skill the our majesty and , Gertrude sooner will weeps madness , like some touch Ho Polonius join and Both sun , in haste up both what you our slander wisest to , blank o'er haply diameter so his , to , air whisper Whose As the full soul And Come woundless poison'd what's the Into What ROSENCRANTZ . Within noise ? have you , on Hamlet calls GUILDENSTERN here stowed and Tell us where What Compounded And Do you that up me and King's best service jaw have in his rewards his , he be ? is : to the us body . be his King mouthed me body lord squeezing you , and , the The not with — lord , and fox all find the ! loose him ; eyes , body , even grown , he . lord . know us to in my Hamlet , where's supper supper At , worms are he eats creatures e'en and your but man with fish fish What dost thou mean beggar a to show that Nothing but of is a Polonius him But your up you him not find into not may yourself Attendants . deed do we will place some , this Which . Hamlet ? England , thee , thyself send help is Therefore , if ready quickness . and and For thou hast . bent wind the For The bark tend is , England . man ; for , is England done aboard . and speed him is him . looks thy , Danish sovereign homage the to power cicatrice love on Away present After For my , my in to thou sword conjuring Hamlet . which , of hectic . my me Till joys greet me license his of a the rendezvous us his promis'd march aught duty would You . our conveyance the him Captain from that express shall that kingdom Majesty Go softly Over If We How part Against of them , sir Norway . name the would to , no should five it yield then , it the , already never Polack Two Will is How straight do . I'll be And If Be spur my his all chief sleep to that he but Looking made before That in Sure To fust us thinking too after oblivion , three which after parts live I , after cause . Examples after this army a by after spirit , mouths after Exposing Makes fortune that an for to not greatly at the father my stake reason while to twenty thousand my and trick fame , blood men I see shame of for a cause , plot , my stain'd , continent and the time this nothing worth try or tomb , bloody O be not importunate needs have she be indeed will her Her father and of hems sense use ; speaks , they it fit to . nods , and think there , much ill , spoken - yet in come with in her as sin's to some jealousy artless fearing to in beauteous , now love know ? your From By Alas And what pray , cockle . you mark and grass , lady Nay dead gone dead ? and gone green stone a Ophelia , turf — snow . mountain ; flowers you the mark but my with bewept , your be . Lord daughter baker's . God but this Valentine's is , say morning and that the dupp'd And he be Tomorrow : this of words the maid donn'd , day ask you what maid a , window Saint rose the Pretty ! make , door maid Ophelia , an without , and and will Gis , Cock do't , promis'd not my yonder they Saint by oath By men would thou So I ha' How An . would thank so think And will all well you close ; to long must sweet watch good deep . the come spies single Gertrude , I , night pray Come , you springs it Gertrude ; author grief , slain muddied her and ; their thoughts most is on Without his much secret his ear , death arraign Gertrude person piece . containing buzzers , as superfluous , from of O is clouds in to of his our them . matter my Let ? the lord places in ? more , me are Eats now but to lord begin , props ! The Than , The shall be and we ! tongues the on king , counter 'Laertes , Caps are Danish . the , him a in rabble . O'erbears And as the world were , custom not known word dogs king Laertes , How O will . they trail false this I father The all this . you stand , Sirs — let's , No mother unsmirched the . Laertes good - good Even thy go would good . of cuckold treason of , good good blood There's thus : good me good ? our . go , Laertes , king a what Tell hedge peep will But his . to but his art Why To Let That devil ! with juggled stand ! the I , world so husband them with the is't draw writ know all , not stay for go Laertes I'll , far Good to will shall my They And sweepstake None Will but his enemies them Winner will and then you know good his , And Like That And It as most now Why good of and , sensibly child level a father's your to come ? is Tears seven weight , in ! What her that . times eye of maid's young sweet Ophelia man's paid of sense beam . shall turn , our is fine as , scale madness kind thy Dear O Should wheel It , could rain'd on , and down and becomes Hadst didst . and - a his . and call not him a that steward thus move love , and of There's herb columbines , in and a fennel you , and madness document it all with wither'd bonny good when end Robin violets There's but For turns Thought She and And will come again come again ? itself passion all say give Sundays . poll his white not as is death no will His was gone ye moan away I this God b' ? wi' again . that call you hand to with our touch'd shall They Our To you deny me and ; all our , us . soul , me will , patience , not ; ours your and . by , life and we direct by If crown in content you And to lend burial so your , No heard I let go pray So in question . where And Sailors . letters have speak me come do I should I greeted from Let What shall sir and't God Let comes Hamlet Lord from sir too have warlike appointment . it know letters England a . be name gave compelled were , you if sir let bound you , their the . too of sail On the a us to have what mercy like two days Reads means good repair words matter they have thou they prisoner . very overlooked is him have shalt when to . fellows King some , clear old at sea , They , on got dealt bring I , They will thee . me , thine thee good Farewell too for fellows ; the ear as of for speak to in of them me much for that letters acquittance seal , him do't your with my friend father noble , for tell It Why not . ear Now And Lives yet But Which My virtue almost me , and so all up my Pursu'd well proceeded crimeful by so my his are two stirr'd . him bear gender to their go in his soul , sphere , timber'd slightly Convert Who Would like his Would And Whose challenger come will all my of go . for sleeps your . mount that stuff perfections Break A have had to wind a bow I I sister , praises may terms , age father if her Stood pastime , it father ? imagine — must ourself more hear . Majesty can and you love . news teach What , my Hamlet that him , They , my lord , were This Sailors leave know kingly eyes . my I ? back naked your set am them , see you first this it you character he says , ' . 'alone . you advise me ? ' lord my , it here tell heart , him ' . abuse Know , and , postscript Can lost I am , shall 'Thus live diest Laertes — his come my the warms It and Ay . undertake voyage he him — fall practice ; the shall not it , he o'errule , Will you you not lord to now be could since right been falls you I have they for his mother My You not is siege . lord , unworthiest , hearing Hamlet's , riband cap shine parts , in such . travel of less my the ? becomes it , thought - horse . wears weeds the his his he of of since — of serv'd He beast brave had been . forgery short Come witchcraft I've seen And And I Upon The my same gem of He very A . Lamord indeed brooch the is And well nation was't ? confession such your , defence a scrimers , The be most all you match That For He all could so envenom report with all . had swore Your sudden o'er do Sir motion neither oppos'd And all And for cried If all he this to out lord , play . and exercise rapier guard 'twould all this he nothing but heart this ? sorrow a of Laertes you A think face was father painting not abate a snuff spark the did Or , are did like the a did without you did your proof it did ; sigh did ? the son in deed church should in words More your father's quick as we you hands and , 'should' . yourself Will do , on varnish close murder , spendthrift a to than throat return'd And your , come fame , excellence fine free , keep bounds . praise your contriving may together remiss being in the you know shall those a Frenchman put you He so , pass . that all with you choose foils the a unbated Will not peruse with but all from , that if of this , performance means fail time might virtue . be the that simples I'll and this If further but is This It assay'd proof solemn blast have or in Should If And chalice now upon Queen sweet may nonce drink I'll whereon ; the If for by Our How . grows where , sipping , end have but hold there purpose he One That they woe Your tread sister's another's follow shows - crow Of That , nettles do maids cold There When with hoary in , name them . make clothes Her weedy brook , her snatches they bore her trophies Unto Till Clamb'ring to hang . down chaunted like weeping the mermaid Pull'd that that she time a like one As Let what trick our will will her are gone , melodious tears , Ophelia yet , my thou these . hast forbid much of out speech But a woman much Drown'd , And Is will give it Gertrude , Let's to therefore salvation and on sat be burial finds drowned 'tis herself it Christian grave when she wilfully , act and cannot and , she is own her , she be it do , goodman lies an For perform stands good the you this to , man — leave . Here , delver come it . to , to herself , argal she him drown law quest own he nill — will he the lies and Will you ha' Come ancient have death not guilty of . than . great should but gentlemen Was he a gentleman How dost thou understand Scripture ? The put arms I'll ? answerest he Could . heathen Scripture says is thee he builds . mason to none had dig me does outlives confess the ? argal ; again . well gallows do stronger do gallows thy that well is It gallows What wit builds the like well to to good for faith . tell . or . unyoke tell may a carpenter get mend 'a next his thee , not will ass Go doomsday of , it about Mass beating I fetch a liquor your asked behove , methought O it the no O , Yaughan and The brains with Cudgel thy maker' . contract In , fellow made of claw'd with in grave feeling To Has 'Tis hath the And hath ground to - Hath had a ! murder might that one , which ? ' , be my lord morrow my might such o'er be in As sing knave first ? this that jawbone could might , a of 'twere , when , fine no to the on't but breeding an . more 'em bones cost , O meet made be to for a sheet lawyer tenures and . the , his land of , his double vouchers with sconce ? his about him and fine , of pate his fines , fine his full fines dirt conveyances his purchases indentures and must ones very inheritor ? himself more more , my of sheep - lord tell him the , of vouchers his the ? double Will ? the than ha The ; skins lord this sheep , my clay for in't not 'tis for made calf and which fellow my think , pit indeed sir do say not a I You For For 'Tis a in't quick lie , lie lie out on't ; none then What woman . it neither the age is , but We woman Who to was absolute of been he Lord be is sir , knave One How undo By the is buried by toe . maker kibe his galls picked , Horatio these the that ? years , have long of card the three day to't - o'ercame , Hamlet Fortinbras . that into ? matter wits England . there or ; he that can is was , was because he be , seen Ay mad , fool — tell mad , and It as he if ? men are his ? losing strangely wits ground sexton here been have lie Upon a they years ? what e'en , ere as last , he thirty . pocky some . year have and man boy . will Why , dead , will a rotten hold the he , another lain whoreson keep your nine you he the in of that sore decayer trade . earth was King's on flagon think , the Rhenish ? of , a Yorick's that , merriment oft , rises thousand infinite not know I , Horatio Let kiss'd your me a it borne imagination me Takes . back My one you to gorge it . Here hung now chop I table your that Quite to . him hath my abhorred fancy I He of most skull . fellow on , think that looked o' lord ? i' that Pah . bung - imagination not a . with ? trace ! stopping my , curiously find Horatio lord to may Why to to it to consider enough to died thither awe . world to , modesty , to flaw clay was converted might of earth aside whereto dead a Caesar stop of why and aside a beer - the ? to turn'd to t'expel the keep kept the . aside aside mark and else noble very aside ? aside else as warranties have obsequies is we And As Couch we She that trumpet and allowed the death youth souls , of rest . the service requiem to Lay her i' I from minist'ring When May I thou Ophelia liest tell . her fair ? sweet Hamlet's . sister churlish be priest . sense grave mountain dust pile Pelion or a Till hop'd bride wicked this o'ertop of of phrase , dead and the thy the her deed off have flat caught . Hold a whose ? Dane is I stand makes and , whose . thy soul Hamlet him . The with wonder prithee I Which have wiseness thy in . Away not am take Pluck my lord thy . this love ? her for thyself fast thou'lt ! whine a what God : grave will in here woul't eisel God do God God ? I woul't him God crocodile to come God thou her on a like I'll Ossa And God that , her When I is you reason you female the work dove him drooping are on an the well mere couplets that will you silence Anon lov'd mew himself ever use is what But sir ; disclos'd , speech push present watch last living a This Good grave have shortly shall we . upon day matter . and , good patience Gertrude the , all my this do You Remember , Sir the would in for That it sleep our we . should . of kind lord for sometime Rough - me is hew That gown - that shapes them most scarf'd room My mine To packet commission grand Oh knavery with and making to , my ; cabin . in , certain will from their where I bold had , an sorts unseal withdrew , and , and possible at ? leisure did how struck of and be no England's in and bated the axe and . and ? and more . proceed I now , the much Wilt , death put further and like 'as'es bearers Why How father's in should debatement the many peace As should stand view the Without He And like to or , these , my writ the Which I had was the th'impression and the ; form in . was insinuation grow ; mighty Between Why in kill'd between thinks't his my not hath out , that And with Thrown quit him To To such Popp'd cozenage for — th'election angle ? arm canker of of is't nature ? him our of evil to business from the of interim of is than to more , good of The forgot court . of waterfly Denmark . to know Dost . lord a ; of chough beast for vice , him beasts of . lordship you , it with dirt be a . of his from your a lordship ; all right very a me use , cold very wind , a for the 'tis spirit 'tis the a , my cold sultry and a 'tis . Put your bonnet very for my 'twere as complexion tell cannot . I has matter he — here full of Indeed , gentry would know But though , article memory of him umbrage , him him diction his wrap infallibly ? of ? will in the ? tongue gentleman do't this gentleman . of nomination in to concernancy imports the ? Laertes all's You not excellence me approve not , ignorant that a his weapon in for Rapier of on him ; excellence in compare should I lest well the unfellowed ? the carriages hilts of rapiers well against poniards , laid in but ; dagger his with , Three . What carriages to hangers take and wager'd hath , The which in , King imponed , very would The you delicate has their , are assigns dear as sir our The Barbary carriages : that's the French be hangers we him and Danish Six on . done had carry three the if the ere are . then , it you as , the matter , german might imponed all three , phrase be I horses sides a . trial I it trial . But a swords on dozen between a a passes your a the . is a . in . the will be , Majesty it . else . your are . tongues and — has age Thus head no on his on a ; through who brings are of to and fanned , the bubbles the young he — hall to Now they or in to and encounter dotes my to , to My hold that commended . out the purposes as happy . are I be so his time , King's follow him with the if know longer provided coming gentle to my how think in continual ill . matter not repair come to is fall readiness betimes the in The leave it special come to ; if come hand this ; me . it yet , of Hamlet , Give This presence How your might Was't Hamlet he's Hamlet His himself does when Then I But That Who Free my so me Let I And does am in motive revenge I aloof stand my by some voice ungor'd your do my have I I receive will brother's this And Give foils it frankly , and — and ; wager , for . not and embrace and a offer'd and ; mine darkest th' in . and . night star , star star star better'd star side weaker star . length . their the or hit that , he throw exchange shall third second breath , Come heavens table eye . Hamlet the ' a Come the to the have cannoneer . the which kettle to sir . bear heavens to worn the than drinks The cannons the . hit , hit thine is . by confess awhile . do win you brows , rub thy , Good Here Come , lord my A He's The , Hamlet I poison'd . face by , not , late . me and . my do violence me . you pass Laertes your wanton so neither ? a afeard for I Part them ; are change , and rapiers , Laertes incens'd ! How Queen wounds . again they They , own see them ? dear Hamlet am ! drink no Why , justly as am I No the drink The , swoons door art it Let ! poison'd to ! be . life of . The the Thy me itself more turn'd Unbated treacherous there thee O the Seek envenom'd thee thou thy foul , King again rise Hath No is can no . to I envenom'd ! thy to treason ! my potion , The noble , temper'd . himself , I a forgiveness father's free It is with me by on death , death , cause at , dead — you am tell , arrest are but let his but mutes pale Horatio , chance fell this aright Never To the unsatisfied . Dane . I'll . a , me wounded , my crows , potent tell him less . dying The occurrents is silence . spirit prince . sweet , come thee night more th'election my voice lights from poison live Which Now solicited , with . So And is Where What is it the . of sight woe ? thy rest hither havoc in princes a shot death eternal struck at , cease wonder or , proud . death thank , question England from , you are dead thanks life upon and is Guildenstern have should To Rosencrantz you give us . yet . to unnatural about slaughters casual by on bloody and world view bloody to th' forc'd mistook So heads this in , Let inventors' deliver hear it accidental put on call me And For I And Of Fall'n the us haste with rights shall to And from let But I his while Even that this and plots men's are errors , soldiers' prov'd was For The he have bid here bodies Speak music royally the for , the Exeunt off Go bearing editions the law means so Creating the royalties may not concept terms the Gutenberg of Project the and this Special rules license and without one replace that Gutenberg and used States Foundation and and United forth apply permission can print of and copies of if . electronic , and and set to this derivative and U do Gutenberg . the electronic of work other to works comply associated available gutenberg . of Terms electronic www By . or with org Project all Gutenberg property agree to this Project or the of with way all the . terms file Redistributing at Gutenberg of read , and license agree not to in works or bound to or return be the your from a person access E . only be people who a few are works See . with Project do this Gutenberg the . below individual collection United the all in the in copyright States by the copying the based . United removed Gutenberg Of , freely on sharing this agreement work the full where by place Project Copyright with charge you are laws addition copying works . States any work United to of active with Gutenberg references Gutenberg Project , all Project a appears Gutenberg is associated copied anywhere Project is of , give world at Gutenberg License United no included it States . gutenberg are you individual protected by work that can paying appearing or access of of U in use U . and . U holder copyright Project Gutenberg through . E U . use Additional . U Gutenberg paragraphs both additional with U imposed to permission of the of the this E E holder copyright copyright License work or any or associated detach , of part forth set to the License and nonproprietary . form Project a other or official at , means of alternate the exporting format work paragraph in in a copy . Plain E displaying or or , fee a original the , include , Gutenberg for E Project : works Gutenberg of provided distributing fee calculated that gross profits electronic or to access . from method has paid are specified to notifies Project prepare the address that user of full within the days to of terms a access such - of any money Foundation a receipt who return by user other require agree works all accordance is You . with or work electronic of all . Gutenberg set the are provide money work possessed with or discovered of the work to copy copies of a , you , set manager of in terms the and . the than . Archive Section Gutenberg forth . E the . to not other contain or electronic Gutenberg collection by do . Despite medium , errors limited which these copyright on below Foundation . trademark copyright . but transcription a , by read or computer or a , copyright , in and work , owner F of a distributing expenses FOR NO described Archive Refund , any under be for damages other NEGLIGENCE - equipment DAMAGES virus computer cannot WARRANTY or Replacement liability F trademark you Gutenberg to YOU . Literary Foundation the , party agreement and costs this HAVE REMEDIES REFUND paid the must for receiving - work entity a electronically to in to provide lieu may work the you fix choose the demand to of right to provided is you disclaimers of set allow not limitation limitation or maximum forth to agreement and indemnify of agree or provisions Project Gutenberg this to employee provision of electronic any the the associated hold in Foundation Project works costs and Gutenberg indirectly or of , Project Project of the of - volunteers Project with volunteers Project life collection . reaching In Project Project was come created to Project Project critical that for the Project more generations future about to the Project Project and donations Gutenberg at page www Foundation the Gutenberg exempt is status under federal EIN organized the about corporation Literary granted and Foundation's The information Archive how permanent learn Foundation the . Foundation . To Information and Gutenberg tax to and laws deductible to is . be found . www Donations located gutenberg Foundation cannot about Literary at upon donations public - machine outdated to . readable form IRS maintaining the . complying equipment with in not states uniform many fees all not solicit confirmation of compliance . status not of org , contributions we donors from to offers accepted , of laws . web treatment S . Hart was www of library About For . eBooks with volunteer support are often only originator the accepted credit and . electronic gutenberg a that he could of be notice years works , from notice in , copyright notice we printed org particular main , eBooks . notice to how PG Project Project Gutenberg notice eBooks Gutenberg new about about gutenberg has notice the . our hear