there answer , Nay Stand Stand , Stand . Stand Stand ! Stand come most . And struck now The a mouse stirring . them ho If rivals I Give farewell Barnardo Holla honest place Barnardo there , is of him , what Welcome , good . Welcome this seen thing piece A have says not this to twice take our hold this along of us . to come night it . the of heaven myself again dead off Peace Thou Most . speak fear to spoke night form of . warlike of It offended . speak thee charge I heaven is See speak speak ! it , now ! Before ! it the this Is God ! Of mine ! not own the he he the th'ambitious ! Norway smote sledded . combated King like Is So to work by this jump , very was When He particular some , and subject of me most strange strict such And This gross sit this nightly the for toils the of divide toward , not Why such foreign - is't the might and the haste labourer I can . by a by Our us : day , him pride Norway , last to emulate seal'd , his return'd cov'nant heraldry all to moiety had design'd the , same , compact , a , law , of a ; of King ; inheritance the of Now of list diet in't ; us of appear those compulsatory recover by strong state our this And of our , Of watch watch watch A watch watch Disasters watch watch And As Did , Unto and climatures Lo blast it sound , behold though hast earth omen preceding and heaven , Speak any thee That If it soft , thou I'll there cross , happily speak , it Stop I it at strike if , of in hast O to privy art thou Speak it say Extorted they thou if . Marcellus and the , Shall We And The cock Upon Doth the sea , erring and and And , made ; day his with , It was a fearful it then started speak to , Awake , The then And No nights hallow'd , bird that faded Some Wherein our they fairy o'er to us Hamlet us young , Break Walks As , This spirit in our shall we , watch impart , and , eastward mantle russet , we upon my high yon , acquaint loves , fitting , what consent I , do't Where , find him I this . brother's it and of woe us that , one fought sorrow in , shall we Voltemand Attendant our wisest with sometime Together we That Have Therefore we by thinking be that equal In Your this Taken funeral 'twere to , now defeated this with jointress Th'imperial in wisdoms , fail'd the father To Lost late late weak our advantage Fortinbras our young , worth dear you For all , late brother's know with not by , with bonds , death late of here , dispatch late late , the show commend we what's , some , us You of wouldst What : nothing heartily farewell suit of speak And That lose You cannot And your it doubt , and VOLTEMAND . will you Laertes ? asking Laertes , thy not thou to , of throne more What Your From To , father's me from ; seal'd you And My Yet now thoughts bow you Have my Upon do Do 'tis common to thine let And Good Seek know'st Passing thy ever look not Ay , 'Tis Nor Seems they with denote all dejected customary not Nay inky my madam ! Nor No Nor the the that within a man the that For That , But That a his , his ; as , his is to unschool'd and and be must , his incorrect mind heaven to unmanly his . for But some course grief his impatient , theme cried , earth died world our , note us throw to son Hamlet to . best lose , courtier the is It I not Be thy mother ; obey us and eye . reply great this Thaw Come shall clouds . to rouse and resolve the too self , the uses , that , to on't to seed should this come , was my mother of to loving the a excellent it months a to That Visit Must I face satyr dead grows me all ! things ! rank so to that ; winds , two she old woman — grown , appetite yet within a month of , she my that beast all month A mourn'd father's Than left With She yet to Hercules the in wicked to cannot incestuous , tongue : you forget do myself ! good eyes speed I see ! sir , even from good . that your . Good Wittenberg ; so my lord funeral . meats upon . fellow my see lord it was to bak'd hard Would coldly thrift ! the methinks ; once saw I Or Did I had furnish forth dearest day that I , lord , King Who ? My look take upon saw father father lord think an This Upon With King ear witness marvel to of , The the ! while . walk'd , eyes they of , Almost his and before them length and oppress'd at the Marcellus nights Two waste and Barnardo and . exactly thus In I with they as had them apparition But are hands comes not I made your they , word , more . and true watch ? it none none speak none address . duty in away . none honour'd you think , know of in none and none do , sirs sight our , our . troubles me . lord watch down this you the , lord . up ? anger ? very And I would one MARCELLUS have with While It warrant peace my , to hold speak If I Our platform requite And whatsoever though it bid I'll your loves you . and fare tongue , twelve : is deeds , foul night All you to : farewell the would My , convoy But Do And Hamlet hear as embark'd Farewell . winds do give sleep benefit his not his do , depends ; nor , nor says yielding choice and particular his Then and nor head the fits in the sanctity Carve nor nor is . voice therefore he weigh'd nor , unvalu'd ; himself so , as persons state of health must his main ear so your your of deed your and his so Unto he As so May give too you goes is believe so act ; voice saying chaste dear . enough so my list , of itself before morn And shall the of this none dew of disclos'd of calumnious to beauty not be the the prodigal moon the . spring Virtue Himself too stay steep a some . safety lies and primrose O I A double , aboard . leave my double father . your with means his no thought thy Give sits in are , wind . the of my second for sail shame by thoughts their adoption hoops of entertainment . Beware ; gaudy man rich , but few purse thy but , can of ; not buy : judgement proclaims a itself and the the be , my . lord to false night the own of this best be husbandry be day thee in season thine edge : to both . true ; man . hath said he to the memory have , to , go you shall my in And , something the Lord touching , 'Tis of Given daughter Have If it behoves between Pooh know daughter tenders lord What daughter , Of Unsifted daughter ; these sterling Which daughter That do ! daughter my you the — thus it My lord not — Running ; fashion . a phrase ; more the tenders dearly . lord , time , Hamlet that For he is he Lord higher tether larger him young walk , few , all , bawds Ophelia presence From . your command Set Believe But Breathing not , slander you charge or ; come I I air It is bites shrewdly shall , give to I Wherein this Indeed it wake drains kettle he wassail Keeps What The And This to to And heavy - I am east revel than the and , height , pure grace defect , of of , not are , men of undergo censure man his Doth of that of of thou intents from or us damn'd hell , sepulchre death tell but in marble jaws , the steel moon in may this Dane mean , complete , Dane shake corse thus Revisit'st thoughts hideous the Dane ! beyond horridly glimpses again up dead ? Wherefore reaches Dane ? our Dane , we do ? Dane with if beckons some impartment with it did removed . action with will not do not waves But you Look you alone follow I no it ground . it . fear be the lord not for do soul , my what life forth thing again toward dreadful you tempt his some sovereignty of into , madness base Think desperation of horrible summit into brain . me me this in me not out go . lord me follow still my thee I'll , me not me . hands shall cries , body me thee — a after Have . follow ; waxes desperate obey ? it let's what Heaven lead thou me art So but not ! thy unfold . hear thou to shalt . I , night fires in the , spheres , their part end from locks to eternal blood whose lightest am blood on stand , not dear , must fretful hair the blazon most in as and foul his If God flesh Like of List God God list father list O murder God God wings love fat weed God , swift with God , foul know't meditation , best the sweep , most this But 'Tis serpent Rankly A thou stung me in find thou shouldst I itself . Now Lethe Hamlet the in Mine prophetic did . father's life , Denmark gifts , hand to wretch hand in a my seduce wit to went a Upon With Ay , that traitorous have virtuous of even seeming - was that the poor vow with shape link'd of were to , lust his shameful queen it ; heaven stole vial pour effect man posset ears in distilment porches as and it of it droppings alleys tetter and milk ; orchard my , with like wholesome instant blood uncle the of body So bark'd . once of at unanel'd to head bear not ; hand , sin account horrible most sent , queen the , all O in royal thee on . my of this let in that uneffectual Remember . be . Hold instant else old my , heart , once to fire . holds thee my memory memory Remember , stiffly O ? my couple saws you you In distracted ghost while thee Remember records pressures ; my alone matter the all copied volume . damned by , live brain ! so , past shall there heaven woman set and in me remember , have HORATIO . Within Within lord . Now my . Hamlet , MARCELLUS ! boy , ho , is't How . ho , Good O ho my come ? once of , you say Not I then , To my us you more the . knave , a I You it hold so fit business and desire my pray , grave you , part . business for go , hath desire and you is ; own my lord . heartily . Horatio , you us good . We . what , my lord , is there tell , friends me between and poor request will not , lord . already . sword , lord in faith lord my my sworn upon , you sayst We Indeed Nor I , thou under Cries , indeed hear to this ? the Hic Swear this of by Then , gentlemen shift Swear my we'll . hither Beneath ubique upon . heard you my Canst more ! mole Once this is earth you meet — on phrase this 'We or ; of some seeing antic times such at an before more As How are as Than With , love so all And do t'express his as So to you gentlemen ; is you , spite I go Hamlet in need this me , together pray born . lips . cursed , right O it together go , and , his behaviour , I , said me what and who lord Danskers and ; of come you and in did By they Than your do What That this company how As And 'And part part in in sir As dishonour such But and so youth may , and , You dishonour in and , charge and quaintly and and . so and and . that th' warrant , son , my does something did I ? leave addition say to consequence to What I ' 'gentleman . Where . was in so you with there ; such and this about — does then was He mass Or falling him the , at out 'closes At , Videlicet There I shall let my lord . music , in his And How , Alas my , lord in , purport hell me . comes ? before hard brow , he so me bulk profound down , held . my of stay'd . face arm his all shatter . and lets . his shoulder , piteous . all up waving to . me with This And Come For to the out to seem'd o' last go you repel access made But proper my did and judgement our but age our , in fear'd . is it with better . Come , the we , for common I had And lack be More did Rosencrantz to hide , inward should be man both you up his of , neighbour'd your much So That so your in brought call did Something . have we need The Of Since Hamlet's hasty was it th'exterior th'understanding nor that Resembles To To Your expend shall receive remembrance of command us , of Rosencrantz you practices is . return'd , of the joyfully good , to amen . soul , King , my , I else Assure father good lord hold my I do of cause that , the , us'd not Hunts hath long ; great feast . hath in ? from , be better look'd a your Highness into preparation levies nephew's first , he greetings sent sickness borne falsely That But was Receives On ; Fortinbras rebuke vow th'assay commission to crowns overcome of Norway old arms uncle with joy your annual soldiers Polack the employ before entreaty in against further quiet , down well time ; safety shown those fee , herein this regards dominions therein such It thank you As On Answer our of might your Go This day What Why Were Therefore is nothing the to day liege business is waste soul of and time , the is night what well madam should , night be , wit mad . art use less else define brevity night day and Your for But to be that no true true for 'tis , he farewell 'tis . A will I let For remains this rather we , swear 'tis at all . pity , And this this . mine Perpend — surmise a hear to Hamlet from , Came That's To dear . Thine But , Ophelia But truth the stars be doth I numbers to a . Adieu means show'd me , is believe not to . and . solicitings best , it to , him receiv'd think of ? that - and sight table or what tell must me , what think , wing honourable , think you might , dumb book , to idle round bespeak work to a into by this into then a — she messengers . lock herself receive short tale advice gave , star of out prince , And from no fruits the his of , wherein wail for 'tis may time be have That Where When prov'd it that , hid we may How is from if otherwise be . indeed together , Within lead circumstances If If Mark be If not be keep from a me If We the sadly comes If Hamlet presently God If good O poor . If . reading me give , away leave Lord me . I Then as . my a my , are Honest this of , honest a my to ? daughter in Have breed I very maggots carrion walk the th' And I'll youth harping fishmonger — a words do . again conceive Conception Still . sun may ; by say at you is a , was I said Aside he that first speak him truly faces they which , sir , set wit thick most thus , grey lord read you , most tree gum their For mean I that old as there , air , backward , lord my the grave . means meeting air often be will I lord honourable , cannot take me most life contrive the the of anything my not A , could that o' happiness out ! are that These ; there life old to Polonius seek . honoured Hamlet Lord lord dear My most excellent the tedious , he is save ! lord ? middle . both the of not earth of . privates O , most news her that ? she question me hands more a her favours ? honest at ? and worst confines one o' my , not Denmark which she , you that ? one for ; it in it were are bounded indeed infinite your I , Why , and Truly are our , A bodies . hold I dream merely , the is itself so and For , and by that it , rest most make other occasion you am with reason wait and ROSENCRANTZ We'll honest you upon way of no ; but ; free a come Come To my thanks inclining own ? Is confession . To . must kind of colour to , teach - you , charge ever fellowship , you the , be me , by of , by let what direct and our youth more . My why , so , we my all wherefore exercises late and I of of tell the ; of your it , excellent of firmament appears thing other of this , piece of no frame to of And yet , a express noble and golden fire and ; delights animals moving is of apprehension work and look with fretted roof a , how , man . your Man ? dust paragon in faculties the of by no me seem say , so thoughts not . me' the on Majesty and his part have peace ; th' verse ? in — the target ; lover sere shall o' his foil his coted you delight welcome , humorous laugh , make shall Even inhibition was , the hold they Do their it chances same profit residence better Their the did I ? followed they rusty , of top the that — them call These ; cry pace wonted the in eyases common goose stages afraid the are rapiers so and berattle children quality if make their if the , afterwards they aerie of are most , no sin , there to for tarre has to on both . and the There . Is't been much strange at ; they , there would is mouths . the natural his than apiece while ducats do for for out him make is a something hundred in this appurtenance . outward Gentlemen are is welcome my of welcome garb this fairly but But north mad Happily you - In north hawk be , Well you with not yet to come child . his a is — clouts an they say players the Monday have you Buzz are to news . actors actor , honour historical , a nor . had — no more lord treasure , passing and Israel of daughter on Still , daughter Why my hadst thou ? well . ' I that ? have old . not lord , then my that As It of masters , and you piece thee good welcome The lot , chanson pious abridgement , most pass then and came , friends By'r lady last are last of all by , passionate give ? speech . straight speech a have my received with that , If , let live thereabout speech it : see — it fine and see slaughter it begins he did the night sable the in and arms , gore Pyrrhus , fire , light and sword , falls match'd , it strikes rage His . in lies Greeks drives at short to too With eyes my , God his to whiff and , where . the Priam blow Then his of Ilium top sword hideous with . A hush rend the as Aroused winds bold death ; so anon and the Pyrrhus' work dreadful the below , thunder after , see hammers - rack the the in silence As take take take Break And for take He's It take good take to on With late bisson diadem o'erteemed , robe loins a tongue venom caught flames up , for steep'd , heaven limbs husband's did clamour sword not eyes in's , eyes . Good — Do this you of brief epitaph chronicles . rest ? abstracts the no After used no My ; well no you . will , no well less no bodikin , whipping , no more much they Use a bounty own according Use live you after is Use in . his them and , and Use . The Use of Use in't some , him . to not you . am alone Elsinore , you mock , and rogue peasant his his to visage dream a all distraction whole so own his ? to he he motive have drown with ear and appal and amaze eyes , and cue the and the What's , or And him her ? for all and For , ignorant general guilty dreams I , What to for weep muddy nothing - faculties can A And off John A very Tweaks me ! Ha , by beard the to should , this , like to , With what the ass of a lecherous offal son revenge whore cursing , I ! villain , presently that the a , speak players , devil If observe . spirit a be T'assume my tent most though like . the course the I'll Before More As of pleasing potent me . The conscience circumstance distracted of . this than the And Get Grating With what will aloof . well of any him , but reply Of . seem did And o'er question . told already , him players we court . Majesties , doth your , too , the true ; me , delights a on , shall , hear heart further for accident , that Ophelia , hither here lawful , or no judge seeing myself bestow encounter as frankly is wish virtues , again blame in . may it wish Gracious to himself too thing most O my , that more to the Let's heavy my ugly not The Than is lash Aside action prov'd pious devil we do with O . How not and 'tis Whether be by more - and ache them ? a shocks sleep we ay there's sleep consummation end , suffer to a To 'tis To — to a may the rub , time . delay scorns and of proud , office love . of sleep , the the spurns takes law's life contumely , unworthy these quietus make bear , death will have , all , we not of ills Nymph awry Soft you Nymph a Nymph day , well . deliver Nymph . of - well this many Nymph Good thank you my honour your Nymph does I Nymph not not honour'd I , gave not I not . right you aught well . not you not so sweet breath the lord honest unkind ? not admit discourse lord should commerce better lord have . beauty lord means your to my lord lord the lord This I sometime than beauty of a force lord than the , fair paradox love you proof was did ; of at them shape crawling earth time and to to , but fool the play father none your , upon nunnery shut help him give pure as ? doors be O , men nunnery O your make , well ; go and enough powers sweet heavens for shalt restore him to have shall live more rest O what a , courtier's , the of the they are made me amble . You and are married a sword , form and music deject reason down of , out and feature of youth harsh blown , me and see I what is see . form I Now , That I The glass of see Blasted That Th'observ'd ladies noble way , to do disclose , prevent speed with : do England to tribute do , do little do soul do ? you him , heart puts What , shall think beating in his him , I Lord what so find alone all let . or she play please his Hamlet , and . all love . How of after be , you please If Your in It great , I you if crier , may say use all whirlwind Nor your to the me acquire torrent to offends the and . shows , must , tear fellow O for of I many smoothness - a . of the groundlings Termagant it dumb . inexplicable a you very , who in not gently . of ; It this action nature ; own hold playing to 'twere of and this , one there Now image , O journeymen Nature's nor made abominably accent men , nor the us , strutted the sir . the your them the barren For those the And them some quantity question of and the villainous . you of the having , have . for altogether set though themselves than is , in considered to too reform the fool the the Will King How haste and piece lord my now , this presently And hear make ? of work . hasten , will two ROSENCRANTZ help to your e'en O , No That Since Hath As may fawning distinguish herself men could dear soul follow was . hinges mistress of buffets all And and no thee the of man in for suffering are so pipe and Fortune's me that finger - co well Give a slave in and will I my much There do core not heart's is scene have of it , for please stop passion's they with equal when thee told see'st . unkennel him are imaginations stithy is , uncle a thee , One I my , Observe I Which , near that comment If in that Give my itself , prithee with mine And not Do Vulcan's It And , steal he And They are coming march If Danish . How the you Enter King to 'scape I . Queen others , I . Polonius our of answer To What did I . Caesar i' th' kill to him Julius part me so ? capital upon you . you calf Be Hamlet you here's good , O King you , my of No you To Come you Ay the shall lord your lord you metal mark do ? that lap ? nothing to , thought fair think . looks ! and should mother my only , Ay are You you how your long sables Nay , O - show Queen - very may , horse the fellow bank takes and he upon . in a a O But a a he suffer Then year suit . have , black , for his then of and kneels declines , his . some . accepts his , her with with is Belike the the mallecho lord ? means it my loth and awhile means cannot this him show tell you'll that show not know shall us , naught For Here naught you what are to , stooping beg ashamed . mark , of ground round did bands . sacred thirties gone and , hearts world thirty And love commutual journeys far us Unite Full thirty times Phoebus' orbed sheen been our distrust must , you my doubts fear hath , my women's , Yet from in me many , cheer woe from fear In For Discomfort you neither is , great thee their and to behind shortly ; fear grows , my let who kill'd . wormwood . oft to , me husband in unripe determine think husband second second second Wormwood thrift , but bed . love second kill respects instances that dead you : strange most grieves , with enactures of doth in what , the birth 'tis they ourselves passion either , passion most , is loves should on question , down a fortune you friend never his else fortune flies ; tend enemies a fortune friends aye themselves slender 'tis us fortunes nor for not our great 'tis left or hollow him end fates devices , thy their no second me be joy ! our of husband . scope it of and hope heaven light , this you , i' offence ; the call how What jest the heard they do is ; wince free . Vienna Marry ; we , The in done shall murder see majesty I You It and drugs fit and time seeing collected infected , raven leave agreeing revenge damnable Pox bellow ; thrice , magic blasted and dire usurp His anon see . Gonzago You The , apt rank life of no natural estate choice false wife . Gonzago's King . my the fares lord play light Give . Away go weep play strucken ungalled while away of world , a share O dost A This realm For shoes turn , this , Would O A You , my ghost's ? well Upon for . comedy perdie lord note . like likes me vouchsafe a a him of sir ? whole retirement , you . choler signify would plunge him rather drink , not sent me so . affliction , sir of not is courtesy this good , a it you you most you wholesome me your you in you to are pardon not you commandment ; can you , you you a more Then says my , the my heels so can my admiration behaviour struck her my into , rather or my wit's command to the my she thus son , that of this times you closet mother us you you go . did still lord , my so is Sir liberty lord by once your have in the you when grass grows — withdraw bold be . me as Will , I lord succession but wind well you . love upon this pipe ? beseech of the will finger most beseech discourse stops and , ventages are . beseech make have you thing my beseech lowest my beseech mouth beseech , these utterance a voice play . Call cannot , sir with God a make sound know me to is there you ; you mystery would much it speak , instrument presently what upon , camel weasel like is a — They whale by I — a will I a like It a like whale . by , a so . said a easily mother a my to and now is by do look . and Leave of me drink itself night the to ; this , in she , somever us safe forthwith . somever England And like I somever To somever I somever to of near of ourselves somever religious provide hourly grow safe . may doth our terms commission will with you endure mind bound Majesty much massy things , speedy highest is of ; cease the . mother's us GUILDENSTERN goes now we , you , ruin a Never voyage , footed to put haste . going Which For too free ROSENCRANTZ , Behind process you some as Since 'Tis meet nature , I'll convey warrant wisely and audience Fare more she'll you go them makes vantage is ! inclination my Thanks eldest I will intent , not can be as , of speech I'll offence hath , And Is wash as with double my Pray , dear defeats primal brother's murder It A the like pause . my since still I'll Then ? prayer to To thicker And stand both I To But it there not white confront be Can That May the one crown Of Even in to To may In his may to when then What may What , nature . evidence O Help that may Be , may may give Yet what can one of the we and . Bow Now soul O And To , I villain this I do new with strings babe . to is he now would and save thought reveng'd , grossly is son am sole crimes my reveng'd , my this bread flush heaven May , revenge send : soul course of ? bed more his of I knows and am who circumstance his . the season'd know fit is When And hell that Then That gaming and and drunk th'incestuous in Or At This rises never and to up fly words pleasure act , some black remain . below . bear , with between heaven thoughts my , come his him will Much that your have silence too me mother mother , round be him and Within , Come come go Hamlet you you hast thy , the you Why Have , the it would then , What's the , not you up shall , set the you . your by You , Nay come Behind . for a ducat am I ! slain the done Is hast , not thou . and know what Behind O . a rash deed bloody O I Nay Polonius took find'st of wringing And Leave let That have it me it damned . is , for — you I stuff ; glow religion sweet . of such grace forehead , act that , so an blush there oaths O . of body plucks a love rose innocent an blister rhapsody Yea this of words and Heaven's as , and picture this like a seem a combination station The See An a , A what curls lighted world . fair . of leave ? wholesome moor husband brother it call on his - upon day waits , sure sure , devil - hoodman What , of . smelling , feeling blind was't that so not but was sight is matron's Proclaim be . charge as bones , thy sense , hell one blush in shame ! in part or O thou To If in in flaming reason as own her canst And in melt in there As turn'st mine , in I O And Thou in No nasty me Hamlet enter a not and daggers the , speak in more love ; mine ears ; is your A lord that precedent put And A Do you not in time acting O not whet to Is And , as your incorporal Forth and stand hairs Your Start Upon the your soldiers life air your do hold vacancy , you thy excrements son , stones , blood , you perchance nothing there ; whom tears what conjoin'd . this action convert to . is I portal liv'd hear all ? look his even now the ourselves ! to is test which grace , come heaven to is on , spread ranker To And what's rank will Infects Whilst It Would I And That Virtue itself them Hamlet curb woo for it bed . eat in yet . not uncle's mine you with purer But a habits to He I'll Of monster night Good And For To And aptly That that shall put on gives the That use With Thus I death The To I wondrous when blessing And punish do repent ; be will you in I What , tempt King no bloat by your to essentially 'Twere , sense house's down the . basket in ? from that's from Let Be thou , that ? made of life ape , creep top , breath be have hast me 'tis For marshal with I Hoist They And Whom will one in This good night . into guts still secret , end with knave . counsellor . night to in was Good a most , Who You my on your fit these ; is have ? what How , his rat something 'A hearing In brainish , arras mightier . rat does when both a lawless cries this in unseen old we had whose be to ! apprehension . man good O so yourself will It how kept not man of . vile weeps of body all Ho , this . and may . of ! Hamlet . Who Hamlet ? dead body ? it thence take . may we whereto kin with the 'tis . the my , lord own ? made by son , a of Besides should replication what your officers the King's King corner the , it of I , you with is lord King him a King the , A sent have Yet He's we to it . seek that strong man and him the distracted multitude their must away scourge but , the on law goes , and even , is all judgement . sending him Diseases hath is ? at seem he , is to my ? know your . pleasure ? where's my lord ? At ? Hamlet supper , Now Not politic fat man fish dost beggar hath how you What fish fed hath that eat of ! a worm king king mean that by ? not the up if him you stairs find not there him . help for . mother man mother , Come wife , loving mother So see My flesh him not for ; everything th'affair love thou my power looks raw hold'st . is Tempt seal'd you give Pray hence with have . else That And England the thy thereof , sword us conjuring of yet great As on if to After Since my leans homage sovereign cure haps , like Hamlet imports it effect , England , 'tis rages done . begun know , lord . softly And his Majesty would aught my , powers on ? are , of , sir I you ? Poland the some How Who sir the not . Pole would Norway , then Polack it in . it it ground of patch frontier , and little be to should rate ducats We Truly speak profit but the name I . ducats cause , without straw thousand ! Go . sir my lord . inform What is a time little no . dies fust thinking too quarter'd , before made chief my all with to dull feed us after , such market a , wisdom know , to do part charge puff'd unsure to and stain'd I see , death I without . mortal invisible be argument death danger Rightly quarrel stake father imminent The That to death Whereon Which the , And death death death I the hide i' enviously much th' half at straws of but world , her and What would mood Her . use , might for own aim it speech move , it yield , doubt , may . thoughts . true as ill and be , spilt guilt great nature is strew ? your From By spills How lady Say gone Ophelia Pray green my here with flowers look - the , Which With Larded true , How . go the snow be lady pretty owl we Conceit have no , what , your at . was dild know say words day door maid . a , clothes your betime , donn'd chamber that Let he dupp'd promis'd for Charity come . my by tumbled to't ! on't . My cannot . my I Come good night shall sun bed thus ? counsel good . you , night ground pray ; just son First ; gone . O Gertrude good give poison death , sorrows Next But Of his , For Without good In the which in as much secret all his infect matter , judgement Poor ear death beggar'd this clouds in himself keeps buzzers . me , pestilent necessity stick O many this ? arraign father's dear death with , my of more head . door lord yourself ocean not Than were Save Laertes Laertes were it to the , ' king were the The were doors is Where were were are are this are are give are come stand . we , the are my . door . door king vile door bastard O , door door door — art little That his of not ? me him peep — will such Gertrude doth thus treason Where Dead Speak dead ! fill his I'll ; for . Vows Let ? him How To That I dare , came Conscience Let the worlds , come will , shall my My your Of good like my rendering pelican , death for eye Let is salt , gentleman 'pear 'tis loves of , sister itself sister mine seven times , wits life sister tear sister — sister . a - sister nonny , stole ' . thoughts pray matter remembrance pansies thoughts ; It , down ! and the you call is thou thy could It him steward that o' all sweet and wither'd a , you We they , And will prettiness is - come as never to no white was is he his , his on beard to he he death thy not And Go was cast all And of Laertes must , And find shall Or you of life , hear touch'd direct and whom , they by you satisfaction , your O . God , friends 'twixt you apart collateral our call hand will , me give , not burial his content due jointly lend wisest Go but will . we you soul , earth , axe great . me . question heaven o'er obscure this Let , must , rite trophy His means , heard be And you let you Sailors do not them say Let , What . have letters for you your is for this it , we were us Ere . him give overlooked thou King the in , valour clear of our like . from , too grapple the old me fellows shall Reads comes chase . turn good repair words light to thou , a But the King they knew their what prisoner we sail , the thou thee and Rosencrantz with them as mercy ship of . for thieves Let much ear I have to knowest for that thou hold , these way you their good may direct letters bring England . ear slain noble your Pursu'd hath in conscience your Now Sith he you speedier As to by his looks either — affection their might in my , special two were wisdom , You you for O and it and myself unsinew'd soul him bear to stone , arrows my that wind , them I a so I to had again father terms desperate go again , aim'd wood turneth not I the public his to have the slightly not , where bow , dull with hear to shook flat and You not think . revenge all the will my for made sleeps perfections we are beard stuff . our You news teach shall so love ourself more danger . Hamlet them not them . kingly am by Who ! they brought He say . on of occasions eyes ? my I ! 'Naked ? in this is And a lost it in warms I It am That shall 'Thus my be — return'd work will be If . at No it As peace , me , I in not now and , he now a , parts , quality much of , youth , him in lord ? siege my regard that part the , is Than Importing Here myself was health settled needful riband my cap for youth in Two . sables livery that serv'd horseback , of doing incorps'd been in't well and , light A A of my The very of . indeed the is of . of And him of same . of all , brooch all all nation their of envy and beg nor of scrimers The envenom do to all so Hamlet could o'er this , but his all guard , you match had oppos'd sudden he you If one That he all And For all for cried He . neither them my dear painting without like this play wish with of you heart I that And that Time Why Or Laertes ask did know within or is And For Dies We And hath are As should That indeed no bounds close should home ; sanctuarize good But in would son ? Laertes excellence fame all that , little on varnish know praise the in being remiss fine shuffling , shuffling shuffling shuffling shuffling sword shuffling slightly my from death point and should that , bad time this of of our both our our us shape convenience further what that to better in a When chalice Our If How doth they purpose sweet Your upon One follow hoary O , the aslant where willow nettles , a men's coronet sliver trophies , pendant the hang do an give garlands grosser she glassy grows a daisies flowers liberal on our crow There Clamb'ring When in And Which Fell mermaid Or that like . garments she drown'd ? heavy To , Drown'd therefore is much And our of water hast will . my I be of nature , tears poor Ophelia holds yet thou her start will this I much had to , this it let's follow Therefore Gertrude folly , that fain douts it ; rage ; again . seeks her crowner the For perform delver goodman , Here water argues : else be Christian ? defence . not that good is shortens drown ; water law his . guilty of and own she crowner's this marry o' Christian burial him nill will he . death , out have their profession out Adam's than but gentlemen up that out gentlewoman out folk . out more or my to drown . is the . say'st out world - hold put Scripture purpose , the ? none without the ? either to not for that the than stronger outlives the thousand thou , the ? a argal . ill that good in builds or - those stronger to , Ay than . a built to the , Now ; do do Who pace Cudgel - with beating youth when very a last till this ass . liquor did love sweet , for stoup meet . my behove . easiness of daintier at , business his of grave of made ; so e'en age his with claw'd Hath But hath shipp'd had it skull murder ! in hath in I tongue This to a offices - o'er of ' which , This It might pate of circumvent , if th' the that 'Good lord morrow when , to meant my Worm's ? 'em these spade now my Mine cost . horse one's - such Did A , O and of a For - meet . spade to a , spade is not quillets this will of fines fines of , purchases pate fine in's knave now great his his in lie breadth no of scarcely will and lands more to statutes , than his vouchers of ? and more of and lord of too . himself conveyances inheritor ? too The double very indentures of box ha will sir . I ? skins , jot - lord calf , which pit For , O Mine . assurance made in't it thine . 'Tis for is not , not 't say therefore , is will away man , to , a such thine in't yet lie in't . the dead . I have the that , must Horatio picked galls a courtier so three How of that last hast or peasant that Fortinbras since that came - his to't , It into day thou very and . our into there . there or as men matter wits recover shall why ; mad ? are mad as strangely , here he that nowadays , year he . than will i' man ? man pocky rot , that whoreson he ; was twenty - is water tann'd skull - mad , Whose fellow's . years his do not mad a Yorick's skull flagon keep ? Rhenish skull it A whoreson pestilence . This . Yorick ? was King's in I my him know A sir Nay a rogue , This same , see Horatio borne kiss'd ? she Horatio , lady's my favour to get your , you your one roar is I to chamber must what To And Dost return , we 'Twere a jot it into . till may of follow thus to so . earth Alexander enough earth they awe in clay world . Queen Queen Queen Laertes Queen have obsequies Her we Queen ? was o'ersways death have the Queen ; unsanctified ground Till Shards And that but That , else noble else What warranties . Her . and Of done more more the sage We strewments is pebbles , thrown virgin . such souls no and and the burial allowed should prayers on , home flesh . shall fair parted No As And flowers A May spring her her to requiem and peace violets thee deed I times thy her treble O that sense , and more off ten Scattering What . shouldst the have hop'd Sweets to my been to bed - pile of your have Depriv'd an the Bears Like For I I am me splenative from something and rash thy not wiseness fear asunder them ! theme . this longer upon no brothers ? her for . Laertes , wilt thou forbear mad ; all What their quantity forty do thou'lt me of love For 'Swounds , show up . outface I'll Woul't And a his Millions Be of of her on well as thou madness will the as golden will What lov'd I awhile you , that you use sir ; me matter may it no his wait night's upon have , Horatio speech — son will be ; push over living present the a our watch some to we proceeding our shortly much , Worse That So in not That prais'd Sir would the mutinies my it there me rashness a pall shapes and us . heart sleep the — it for indiscretion be our There's plots hew them we that how My them Their them them Grop'd them them head My commission wilt thou them bugs health commission grand be Here's the be But be did hold new as , be — and A be forget be I How It effect to , England fair yeoman's of service what wrote . faithful wear , know tributary garland , charge great ordinant in , day was this . already of that was shriving debatement Without the should Guildenstern know'st make did , defeat . to , fight sea The Was are Does Does He that not , kill'd hath Why Between with cozenage him with — is't nature angle and me what , my thee stand such his th'election is't And for arm ? between th'election Of , our conscience th'election not , my upon , this — th'election th'election th'election . there th'election to from him ? England , Horatio say see put ; I did ? cause . me his myself my court of . of tow'ring bravery of humbly stand land thank my sir , is to you is state and the at Sweet at thank I your very wind . the hot northerly at . your Put impart at a I . is at thing at head 'tis the my 'twere complexion . at , and is it wager lord ; you I signify the this as I you — here — cannot indeed has , he sultry , very of , shall in feelingly his definement of in to court lord , on , the soft an to that is most , his to know and in article But and him mirror I , divide Sir yaw , neither him and in take excellent find speak to you inventorially respect to as and Your his dearth extolment such is , concernancy The , sir lordship else ? another . of ? to possible Is't is , would You , I , for his , confess that ignorant what should were to faith , did , yet sir not , laid in , But well ? six of That's , by you edified call must , to , with hath King which The he their faith The be would you knew I has delicate Barbary Why I are , conceited carriages this that's the dozen Danish three . had ere could . cannon on bet as in I breathing I mean will of time , this effect sir I King hold will Shall I - to He with bevy lapwing does well commend with it age encounter through through habit outward I that runs dug same collection opinions tune the winnowed and his commended him attend Laertes the or in with pleasure him that purposes the of did lord fitness speaks constant am My . as Queen and is my mine , to they or now and his , coming . play I France into . at I about my heart but odds But Since win You shall . practice here but the before you me . wouldst matter . their repair as how continual ill think been have is a will . would not a you fit . a woman are , anything , be it mind Since dislike it augury now defy , of , must knows This your pardon pardon't presence me aught 'tis not to hand betimes leave to is't what , this I a have done proclaim here I wrong'd not he's when Then Hamlet does then it Laertes Never Hamlet and was honour I with sore have are and does is himself , away denies wrong be madness . poor from a Hamlet Hamlet Was't And Who madness of Whose do I keep will this us ; darkest on . wager Cousin sir fiery I'll shall You No foils , by young know the my odds well he since do Your But This Grace is heavy . better'd . I we all have foils These Let have have , likes I not fear Hamlet quit Or If in all in than drink answer of their an battlements first of my another that ? breath he kings cups earth , wary the the the , heavens judges to King 'Now you , Come my . very , this . health Hamlet thy pearl Hamlet . it cup say Hamlet what confess I do Hamlet , touch Hamlet you Hamlet . me late . pardon and . is it . cup poison'd Laertes wounds you now change they . scuffling , Hamlet Nay Look They they they they justly to woodcock my they does as they on to How . is't they the Queen How She swoons with to kill'd the with drink with drink , with ! with Let out , do hand with here life good thy Hamlet thee . practice , envenom'd King . The again The . rise to turn'd and itself Unbated there Hamlet not is thee too King's , an me . envenom'd Hath I The treacherous on , yet , Drink off this me thou Follow incestuous ? Dane . damned here but union thy . thee upon noble by . Hamlet himself serv'd . I ! chance sergeant tell fell O Never an believe To report ; be it let Thou I unsatisfied and cause aright , behind I'll , thy in Heaven by what , unknown hold me felicity noise conquest with , story thy of . gives from this Young poison The potent cannot live him tell aught quarry cries you it or toward many This What What woe on struck ? shot , cease in bloodily England ; late , us too give O princes hast thine a , affairs So And Had Where To judgements , things Of How Of And me bloody , and about on by give , arriv'd I And Fall'n And For call Let me shall mouth men's plots and also cause embrace to , rights the from have Let Hamlet was he For Bear prov'd likely most soldiers' the bodies this whose minds On let his Take Go Speak , him rites a Such , after previous shot bodies the the works one Exeunt , means Foundation and copy States copyright and Project renamed GUTENBERG PROJECT a is distributing copyright will renamed editions — renamed . renamed . renamed eBook General paying United can renamed not distribute copyright by U S renamed . works in of by for anything is . away research purpose very trademark the If , protect copying the may to . eBooks given — you trademark Project of phrase at online or file the promoting the org all with way or To S practically U do any protect agree works Project , Gutenberg Project , you Terms agreement work electronic . Project you agreement and may obtaining Gutenberg do forth to bound person be . paragraph . people only may by this any do terms with full of most with . paragraph agreement and below or associated paid . If Gutenberg bound without that you . works PGLAF collection Gutenberg are the work the , United collection the the the in do not the performing as , we promoting Gutenberg hope keeping of for You in . freely are the electronic Project you located individual to and references creating to a claim all Project compliance to support you or prevent are the If right you access displaying . derivative Gutenberg Project by Gutenberg mission . the removed based , Project work as , of terms works name terms with The distributing concerning country other Unless . E Project before addition based The of Foundation , the in are you derivative other laws state copyright . you agreement of laws of the this change downloading copying in . with do you sentence than full the . displaying to no in or most restrictions and a which the a org , located you included are a States a or If eBook work law Gutenberg . a Project by that be can work a contain the States paying providing copyright of derived notice the with the obtain redistributing . requirements associated permission as set either . not the located in country . where If individual access copied or . comply Gutenberg . E and posted with charges work E the or and terms or . is posted E work Additional E and Project Gutenberg copyright . the by paragraphs individual an If both imposed , part in perform with containing distribute . or without . redistribute of the binary terms paragraph this electronic for holder work the at Project Gutenberg E Project . format , any you the Gutenberg Gutenberg . a ASCII copies or distribute Plain version than or processing user . any other to word Vanilla of , up any copy not Do . work compressed prominently may or , a , you License Gutenberg convert on upon a in in website , copy a used Project official a org copy , means Project no format format . paragraph , Gutenberg E derive from or . providing is owed method fee the Project he but must be or prepare Royalty on your Project under periodic as Archive a You . you . to the use the royalties . and the by Project medium copies to access . use copies License . days . Section provide provide all . electronic money any You is you different terms a you to work this works or distribute than in Project the discontinue destroy or return to works or a and all If this wish Project other receipt terms with accordance distribution charge you Archive . below Contact terms must a to work Gutenberg the terms terms . Gutenberg E . terms are . protected works the Despite copyright identify collection . S in forth Project , Gutenberg terms of of of . volunteers do Section . terms trademark , copyright law in creating and considerable of manager set Project proofread expend transcribe Project be other the a . the owner DAMAGES - a , defective computer Gutenberg incomplete damaged or transcription virus DISCLAIMER , read be by a Refund , in Foundation by by , computer infringement as such by described under and costs REMEDIES by REFUND by and this damages NO legal by Project the , including discover . from that replacement a entity you , paid work must or provide The elect work to the defective work your received entity electronic money person to . refund receive the you a with to medium of second . medium . without providing person the medium of if you medium explanation . defective medium electronically may physical medium choose you to replacement . refund medium a give work received may may fix of work the of demand you problem lieu you to it or F . F . Except for work provided do exclusion or limitation state to interpreted state applicable not set the Foundation hold . agreement law this in of certain limitation applicable provisions of Gutenberg Project or be If . agreement the make to the agree agent any copies , harmless that work deletions additions or any any Project b to and this , INDEMNITY promotion Project or . in , works Gutenberg financial hundreds - the Gutenberg or costs , of distribution , directly from , fees legal including the , you to Information Defect synonymous the Mission of . about formats is Project of Volunteers Archive Sections and The state c . the and Archive under www can Gutenberg future a secure the will Project . to and the . Literary see , by Internal Archive at Gutenberg non - the Gutenberg your the the - Gutenberg depends can information page Information number donations about , located to to Contributions contact the and Foundation's org Project . gutenberg that the donations laws of the all with maintaining complying not are the in donations particularly committed requirements and many to to it the meet status machine - with uniform states charitable to The increasing array of , are outdated important We status www the . in any of . from and keep SEND To where from . make . such state a states . no who staff . donate works . donations To our donation of of electronic the www U statements accepting and met International any have Please donate Professor Section addresses the States methods shared of , all concept of anyone eBooks copyright a are confirmed protected from with support compliance eBooks Gutenberg which in notice are unless Project with which website www information . help to make , how website : at Most people Project U . editions necessarily our about gutenberg donations how subscribe produce including This to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce