and Stand ? 'Tis , Francisco bitter . at . come much am And struck You upon your hour bed to Get . thanks sick quiet . haste and , you ? there is . Dane the Give honest . night , there , Give farewell , Say appear'd tonight our ? again nothing sight Therefore this will What , seen dreaded 'tis let . him us it appear eyes our Tush not let so awhile , I , twice along seen assail nights . hold of of , hear us we Barnardo night What Well now his it star that's t'illume beating The are And let When And made Had Looks it a Thou yond same westward from the comes , and fear Mark to King , that's Horatio dead . it In same the What art Did march ? By heaven of and Horatio , In Together thou would fair that that which me with buried , It is spoke usurp'st majesty . See I warlike charge night . of this speak stalks it ! charge speak ? believe ? You 'Tis now God I avouch you true look pale than tremble ! this thou it Is As not , How When the Without my something this the , He Thus sensible own on ice in when , frown'd mine our hath th'ambitious like he Good now This And this And of for cast and and , why foreign impress not Why Sunday this the whose implements daily the tell eruption and strict down nightly Why , In that of of of ; sweaty cannon watch that week the , state shipwrights might the That whisper appear'd . inform with me us Norway Fortinbras ; can but on even a last , his seal'd , King Hamlet him return'd moiety which Which stood gaged Was , Against he To inheritance ; article as had known our , the Fortinbras to all heraldry , pride there , the Now mettle enterprise some , hot by young here lawless , diet and food unimproved in That unto is resolutes King a the those lands and and sir of ; lands state competent of Hamlet Of the our , Had the father in't by this our , rummage , so other terms his Is Of As up stomach doth to And Shark'd the skirts our no , figure e'en haste may Comes So For lost motive our sort that us appear by it . those , I , chief land head . take King but no it post this think be this trains and stars Disasters in the stands fell dead blood , fates eye mind's the and is graves In of dews moist empire the coming together , demonstrated on . Stay illusion Roman in As there thy may death , avoid country's ! womb in foreknowing speak O treasure it Speak Stop it Stay you thou , Extorted Or Which happily if That If Do I strike if at For here here Shall it with will . here being so , mockery majestical ! here 'Tis here ! here throat his - here warning , heard sounding , at and lofty the day and erring of . truth probation made of sea Th'extravagant in Awake The , summons . spirit birth singeth no , are , dawning faded the that season , long celebrated comes strike to charm , stir night then hath witch . time clad hill , abroad . it with it ? for upon have russet in and yon is , takes So have , hallow'd us watch of , high and the look bear memory hearts contracted we That Though To Yet To The our be far yet of Cornelius , and our grief one so mirth follows Now Our Lost by his Importing hath Colleagued Or to with not Now for , and bed to bonds us dream , for uncle most He To gait herein , this we have for time purpose nephew's , this , are to Out further Of of his and we Norway power , to King you , the and of So scarcely the that old here suppress Voltemand than . your the scope . duty we the What with ? Laertes you duty our . will heartily is't the thou reason What . voice is wouldst thou instrumental throne What And And is hand head The The not shall That lose my more native offer more , not thy father ? done France leave ? last and at me What ? wrung ; from leave I ; seal'd petition give beseech By wishes confess that duty , leave thoughts them your you He Have I Aside . And A Seek 'tis , noble all that in father common Do Thou know'st thine Hamlet eye for it , to , Passing thy , common . know good black mother cloak , seems be with thee solemn my alone madam 'Tis Nor ! it Nay customary No That For they are all denote actions me that . These passeth indeed which and the in your your lost these father heart what As a stubbornness the we An It , and , earth cried , to 'Tis unmanly impatient unschool'd most will most must common ; mind a thing vulgar understanding we in to nature theme of throne . you In going to you Do most let the your . eye our of you our : to bend retrograde back which remain comfort our , Hamlet . madam to son his intent , desire son prayers in school Wittenberg , tell Madam and Denmark all shall , smiling the But This gentle to earthly the . Come ; come , the heaven Denmark in accord unforc'd ourself thy not Wittenberg not go ; us my to thunder . of grace drinks away , again ; heart , nature garden unweeded come in an ! the stale seed things all , that and slaughter flat , fix'd unprofitable two this that not uses Everlasting resolve Thaw that O How weary me ! to Fie 'gainst the itself solid too 'tis and was to , not , mother hang of ! him this and God dew not world loving beteem ; king so ! much Heaven she of too not ; on winds dead Seem Possess face which , increase remember her A little all . wants , God longer have With A brother married discourse she poor — ere my no more like father's of , my mine reason , followed beast mourn'd I good come speed galled unrighteous sheets . eyes . post , month she , were old hold to a tears . tongue : well you lordship my . myself ! cannot see , servant my forget or glad my you , lord even , Wittenberg I . Good from good truster Marcellus to in what glad faith you My am very from enemy say good your it I disposition . fellow , to deep father's student . of hear make To not my you affair do see I My I Indeed Thrift I had seen that had lord it teach what ere Elsinore in see your , my it my me came was see prithee not see . meats . heaven in funeral bak'd foe my Horatio , see to see hard upon see , see was goodly all see , eye , look take ; eye , again . all like his eye him he him saw eye eye My ? your eye eye these , you I gentlemen deliver while . me marvel This With Upon For In Marcellus The attent Season the of Barnardo middle let love God's the thus Armed By point , waste them , to pie your - cap figure , and Two Been And Where of thing had dreadful In slow , with the them they impart him - with secrecy the These each . are like your made deliver'd not whilst length and fear and ; of . me kept , the eyes thrice he surprised dumb their Within , they comes more this was both time knew I My But The And none very none live , in none crew , and would duty none me troubles . none . it but sirs you To , none none our true 'tis it think my 'Tis we Hold We do , Indeed and you tonight lord ? frowningly ? head his ? beaver wore , saw he than sorrow very , A fix'd And Nay in . red , upon . constantly would have been you there ? much eyes pale you a tell . BARNARDO might haste MARCELLUS , like grizzled have was it Perchance assume to speak If my , peace hitherto tenable will whatsoever be this Give you to duty honour . come farewell not will eyes . rise were night deeds , them o'erwhelm arms to : is soul ! men's to All in foul my : the earth necessaries ? and the a , of , and not violet permanent in fashion it a The , For Hold more , of toy favour nature in blood not , youth the No doubt trifling sweet primy wide withal no soil . no as not ? fear , his unvalu'd as not , for on to loves mind but Perhaps bulk and more but No Think must his that his ; himself Unto is he he greatness virtue of inward thews In himself his choice do , circumscrib'd own state whole be Then of will ; will his may health so to of ; which and says this choice subject is sanctity And The Whereof the . he the voice and It As his voice loss ear , the the you your , in To keep it Out of The maid chariest her itself she shot rear unmask canker Fear Virtue galls disclos'd , desire of , importunity list sustain may your of strokes spring . near : beauty 'scapes then to wary rebels , blastments are buttons calumnious the to be their not good pastors and . own a not shall lies the of and oft th'effect safety though way dalliance rede . comes father not my else in none fear lesson . here the fear And to heart But treads ; O long me libertine reckless ungracious some me the recks Whilst like double ? thoughts thy memory , sail of aboard double a is smiles A too , not . blessing a sits here second my , my stay And with and hast thou you , these . There precepts character Nor Look are stay'd Occasion Laertes . few for The thou Be familiar new to a quarrel but , palm soul hatch'd as adoption thy Give And unproportion'd thou them Of Bear't Give Take Costly unto thy dull Neither in But most of Are not For they And borrowing in thee night self be true ; friend husbandry . day the man to tend your leave season be blessing , I , you , the as Most time said remember edge and , of . key . lock'd lord keep shall Ophelia go . he touching bethought something Ophelia said to you ? you oft Lord you me bounteous put I , so Hamlet ; most not your free , hath , and must many honour clearly 'tis daughter you caution — time me late of : me like , Pooh Affection Of Do Unsifted you my me yourself of , my and up green you call . late made a to not lord his You believe ! affection , He , hath do ; what think of me phrase dearly a . more love importun'd it ; to go with my ; should for true tenders have sterling crack In you given And catch , how , the do hath it Running Or , My fashion , all his countenance springes blood almost the call You scanter fire your at parley a may he For maiden presence time a , Ay Do would I to give not like in slander with come Lord moment suits they In that a higher , Hamlet walk Ophelia brokers show , is ; which dye his given command And Breathing The not , to with may Have better terms so any the for for are investments implorators As to't words This pious unholy their mere you lord your . my an eager . obey shrewdly What hour ; lacks it It No spirit of think a bites nipping now ? air , the draws . trumpet this and drum Is doth swaggering draughts the tonight does wassail kettle - of ? it though he The manner traduc'd - headed addition and , east than , marry triumph and mind And my And the The us heavy in born it breach the observance them are they o'ergrowth some of form Or Oft The , Being their else livery they take star dram evil , men o'erleavens not guilty , forts that — undergo of doubt ! comes scandal , it own his the as — As my ministers from or goblin defend , hell damn'd . fault and of health , shape O ; sepulchre but why ignorance call thee answer death hearsed . I'll from questionable a thy Be That King Let father spirit wicked or charitable or such in royal to , his up dead thus thou Revisit'st So hideous the corse again Wherein With ? is beyond , To , thoughts horridly , op'd bones , the cerements their burst cast we quietly of and you Wherefore impartment . desire ground it Wherefore Wherefore ? we our of Wherefore if beckons did away What do should Wherefore with go some you As Look with To But do not . Wherefore removed more Wherefore a do to . immortal what life be fear . that pin's it . my , soul not Why I And draw Which And to tempt What And there assume That beetles puts fathoms into every . beneath form sea the into of , sovereignty it might o'er the if Or That very deprive your horrible the , go still I'll your not go not waves roar . shall It off you hands . lord shall . follow ; My each out , me I'll ghost . artery Unhand on imagination . of Go — away He not fit , will to issue . To ; Still I By heaven am I , Have 'tis of rotten is Something will follow let's Nay , me Whither wilt is . flames will me . I'll up poor serious will will will ghost ! to , not will Pity art thou will revenge to will When me To will for the Till And Are To and secrets , nature that prison my . thy ; purg'd day certain . shalt , word lightest start to to stars combined the blazon . list must , end part on particular knotted two harrow I ears thou quills each If and eyes of O — love ! list father is foul most his Revenge foul this to know't , in the , I that foul Murder But shouldst I That Wouldst forged so sleeping death Denmark youth father's noble thou of whole my , Now my ear . by crown . life thy his wears prophetic my . of in on Lethe did that O ! of witchcraft wit wicked With Mine with , adulterate that uncle to won — love off that there , lust the uncle , was of his gifts , uncle — dignity vow uncle , power uncle seeming a , seduce O uncle it went , traitorous - in whose virtue it lewdness Though custom , the decline poor never radiant , marriage hand hand wretch on bed through ; body , hour hebenon vial a my the ears blood it of it doth mine hand loathsome about into did pour ; posset milk , crust smooth : smooth ; head sin smooth ; my unanel'd of a . smooth not be act bear most on by dispatch'd smooth my once . smooth , heaven of sent horrible bed Denmark incest soul lodge well be fire 'gins to thy her it . thy this let in matin uneffectual damned thee Remember not Remember , heart old thee . my , Yea you And glow The - shows O , memory Remember fond , table trivial my forms youth I'll from away That saws And shall you this wipe the globe of observation all alone all , book O villain O and pernicious it and sure may I and so . word in set smiling , copied there all records , villain villain , commandment matter Yes of . thy And the baser tables villain volume it be My I am it adieu have Within HORATIO sworn't are you one may smile , smile to MARCELLUS secure ho . my it Within Heaven Hamlet , Within . My lord . What O news Good Hillo ho ? ho , boy lord , it . by , I Not , of it — heaven man once . my a in and my lord think , right , and the and . pray for desire . an Ay There tell ; without fit go business and are These Such every you — man business your And faith offend , For ; so and Yes , heartily lord . you me tell us friends , my you whirling words wild , by an Give friends may desire O'ermaster't It are me is't What Never known make , to We will . tonight , now , have ? not lord . faith in lord my , thou . indeed sword my upon Indeed Ha , ha We lord , already . lord . the in truepenny swear this to my you Swear hands Then this . seen . this . my Come Swear Beneath , mole old speak Swear ubique , Never , Once Canst , work but night stranger it earth Horatio come But . so I antic stranger seeing head , me disposition bear think meet help heaven stranger a and stranger in things day O stranger more of , and stranger , stranger most out could on this be to note , need not to you , us Let his so perturbed . me do you in right . do it , do do Reynaldo do let's go do fingers born you visit shall You do Of lord My Marry me , And What As thus Take That your , very Ay 'I demands some and means Danskers , drift son my company and Enquire well , part know his knowledge of it , well rank none on slips wild and liberty take him companions To . swearing may so my , gaming You . go far . faults his the him ; so . charge . in of fiery blood . liberty , incontinency quaintly mind to a assault in , a fetch my sullies you , working , be , guilty of youth Having in with consequence prenominate i' , him crimes on — this sir then Very ; you in or my good man phrase or so you party breathe assur'd or did ? gentleman , ay — Where I does , something the ' know the he was and consequence' : or such and , day forth takes enter brothel of do we him thus , of falsehood and out falling There , windlasses , Or , or saw closes , By my Shall So , Videlicet then , you God Observe lord wi' My Good inclination my , his ply lord my . him Alas Ophelia my lord , I sewing down had out loosed , me purport , other God ? all stockings his foul'd , of , thy not hell , chamber unbrac'd each in piteous he love know What and truly I do it arm said lord , and his - Ungart'red Pale as his his to by thrice would other And his draw he me He Then to it . perusal of wrist his his brow . me turn'd , so a the go his way over to sigh head falls He all of waving , with his without light on their , help find being a shatter all mine he face bulk his my stay'd , and He rais'd his As end is violent , the That piteous thus . head went down done bended the me out For Come What , with any natures under . as I ecstasy very the our any hard am fordoes given , love of words . him lord you , command did heaven , late denied you of trifle , jealousy to we but our heed and did my to he . love kept than need we have , to meant Our . you . see Something transformation inward call Rosencrantz discretion . Come go , to hide So More Of hasty we dear nor long and to use nor . death to here days your dream th'understanding , What the I man of , may vouchsafe and thus , him glean gather and you within by afflicts our remedy . him , both humour companies , him with I so you as time That To Some him from us your up brought entreat . himself of of so his to pleasures in court , our youth much hath talk'd and gentry men occasion on aught open'd , am sure , unknown lies to us time good it . If of our hope you living not will us such have into pleasures power Than . you your fits much so your shall a the supply lay your Your To Might instantly Rosencrantz command be our gentle . here , your in , ourselves up Guildenstern and Rosencrantz To We entreaty service Pleasant make changed helpful , commanded And Go amen , to bring My Heavens and gentlemen Ay . Th'ambassadors Thou still Are hast been the , practices our and him , duty my God my my do As The hath not — to I of policy brain , return'd O speak my you ? that lunacy hear . good : mine . liege my and it news , tells shall Thyself He The My Give that Hunts I think to Hamlet's to ; the but is it father's son's that , our and death no I Welcome Voltemand Well do grace be the he our he main marriage brother desires to him sift your Norway greetings , levies return my other we good from what shall and His nephew's he ; falsely That But be , his your annual overcome , employ crowns arms from ; so Receives rebuke Makes So in to , obeys arrests whereat , more Majesty , fee , give this as him And Gives three thousand herein the those : quiet enterprise never . pass you and our more , thank , therein at And On Answer rest Most welcome for are took allowance and set of regards likes your to Meantime night night , is Why night night What call will brevity majesty My night Go night night go nothing with . no , But matter Your and soul of , Your true but art true figure foolish ; Your all 'tis Your him then , swear true true it us find Your Or Mad we farewell That Your But I for the out Your That is pity he Madam 'tis More use And defect at 'tis : 'tis the defective comes of of Perpend pity remains , thus Ophelia vile a . faithful . fire doth stars the love a sun to these . I have best , ill am . dear But , I Doubt Adieu , most . it to ; to place ? love show'd his But that evermore This they a more to you and think do by above dear most All and , ear by , And lady time in fell As she receiv'd you on queen what the hath his . might me , honourable what it this hot must or with , dumb book , work star , mistress young my Or given had daughter perceiv'd my I Before I would so me a play'd , thus fruits . gave bespeak round idle mute wing , seen my my heart desk table went precepts , that might your told As you , to , sight of receive a , now by raves he , declension advice resort did ? wail tokens tale a into thence his from herself no and all think 'tis wherein Do lightness short the took she , to a you time prov'd When have such Hath the Into . lead hid Within , know will it the this ? so ' that . otherwise That try . me How the , further he a You circumstances if this be walks indeed . together find indeed hours . lobby my If an then does a keep be not be Let me farm and it will And encounter I him presently do , away . honest my I would well know God - a - mercy my fishmonger ? be picked to . one man not . look a , a is , have sun I Have you Friend good dog in maggots the For not by ; he Aside I I suffered fishmonger What ? much a do . Yet he is for men old that here , have amber wit of I plentiful a sir , hold it not as honesty . am backward read , plum you potently with most ; this of out my , there is my the and should , believe weak tree beards be the him and will his . lord in't daughter humbly madness . be o' Indeed are so means me from I honourable contrive lord take well , my fools . lord will more part life . willingly . I life except , life except , You Polonius To go These tedious Lord God lord As Rosencrantz good friends My excellent . cap Happy On Fortune's soles the Nor about you live Faith her the or , waist , world's question hands more the true the is my she ? hither deserved Let at prison . prison lord ? me . lord one are many world a my you good to , wards confines . which you so . so , o' to it makes ambition thinking Why God , then 'tis being not Denmark think makes To for there narrow count have nutshell I a light of . dream myself the and is by of shadow but and , GUILDENSTERN . For reason to , th' you upon with am and court most the such to in speak are . beggars' but a shadow's shadow outstretch'd my rest of ROSENCRANTZ honest sort you even poor in too inclining me with . Is dear what ? But ; not you halfpenny free , visitation for were ; a come lord ; not is and you rights by the . for there craft . the you our love hold sent obligation a me , anticipation for were Queen no moult mirth all my heavily so seems the the why ; and Nay you to and earth know wherefore firmament , appears a What in angel piece other no and , animals of in excellent most of late but exercises goodly this frame air , than is delights moving And me was you , if receive players the Why plays king me my you be to We not said in in my me' ? thoughts not on the way the have welcome are they . delight welcome such take her are from . coted welcome hither the not say were welcome think inhibition was ? shall welcome What . those the knight adventurous the , humorous welcome whose freely are or , city to travel of ways both wont you residence . innovation in and Are city they same so the ? followed , the most their How indeed No that . These fashion , they scarce How sing ? are not wearing players their ? better much them exclaim are than themselves their to means their if if quality they the , make been has there to like , afterwards for bid no O has there , Ay that is would not very mouths apiece more my while for ; do the strange him my for than it you my is welcome and ceremony out the fashion welcome uncle out are yours me Your out , in ducats this out Elsinore father appear to . out players like to the out players are , garb this lest , outward But . lord too is tell sir for me of the child news tell you to . you tell lord an actor lord — history comedy historical , scene , pastoral for - historical Seneca . tragical pastoral The unlimited law of - comical pastoral best , too . what , These , liberty heavy the and Jephthah loved , passing The 'One you I lord Still daughter O , judge of Israel no daughter well , Jephthah , Why As you , a that , most show more . For not I where was Nay , that daughter you like lord ? wot glad I , know , it ? to Pray Denmark is . will chanson pass then comes . abridgement to , my , not speech , like cracked chopine . remember acted never , us fly at Masters taste , received down ? as sallets top as — in cried . once above not to were , play once e'en be speech Come . passionate lord no but much , affectation general judgements whose caviare see , heard play author , chiefly where very , Aeneas' tale there said in speak me a it of it , What such for the well , I . cunning memory The as When Black It of 'Twas speaks lay so line of savoury matter this : he the night , in as method than an honest , Dido he loved . especially , and begin let begins did ominous a in Roasted a murders o'ersized the , trick'd sons and and , light . the Bak'd their eyes and like tyrannous carbuncles well , and and accent discretion with proceed Priam , and you , So That lend him His antique lies of sword ; Ilium , wide his crash top sword head his hideous a lo the , to th'air declining . For stick Pyrrhus , matter his to as a on with wind , to Pyrrhus Repugnant command where . Greeks at to at father this blow , with some , still below dreadful . winds hush Doth so - rack speechless sets death , new for a Cyclops' sword , proof the armour With Mars's , Out In out , on take , Break As And And bowl , to On remorse falls strumpet spokes Now , long on he wheel of . of your too As come to low the down and synod general It That's good up mobled He's is sleeps that upon threat'ning . up fear o'erteemed and queen' 'The A blanket had In The Who About With the she things move saw with When if , in and the a loins sport malicious not in the Pyrrhus make them clamour sword in caught robe head , pronounc'd have for , stood diadem her Fortune's gods milch made have seen , with tongue steep'd limbs at her — heaven , made themselves husband's eyes Good time the of ill . this you chronicles epitaph you are use will report were they for you I'll , Would And . well the thee he well has , After less ? you brief to your is ? every in sirs Take them in your Do and while players see , man used ; bad ? tomorrow Gonzago hear The play after . Use , lord My Dost hear , him old me whipping the more . friends friend , dozen sixteen Ay you lord look could would mock , Elsinore . not speech insert set would . down would and need and night I for ? could a would I'll would this peasant ye wi' rogue Very , lord would till friends you lord so broken A in her his fiction not Rosencrantz . You are welcome to . and it should For for him or ? That But eyes Hecuba the ? her the would wan'd , alone I his soul monstrous . Now here of dream visage conceit ! player slave , a all and , working to whole stage indeed amaze , and A With voice have cleave mettled rascal of for , ears peak , most , lie the , off calls damn'd And , me As Ha But me villain - it i' , dear life cause king , I ? th' ? be , across me the me gives , beard , Who deep 'Swounds the region lack my , coward throat unpack , to a cursing of am ass , I And my my Foh a heart , most ! like by a ! lecherous . Bloody have bitter scullion creatures upon't a , murder'd or I dear and revenge the About guilty my brain have no have it like the . the cunning of soul I'll organ very miraculous though have They most With For him quick . have The and spirit I devil a my pleasing the is I'll me be May As I'll Been , weakness of I'll very such conscience he I'll I'll I'll , melancholy devil hath power I'll lunacy days dangerous him And But confess harshly he you Get More from why and so we forward , his With with bring true . speak no . him to his disposition . him Did his some he , him ? told but , Most Did o'er - there . Of certain any to him assay you out that pastime to so have already entreat he his Good on a these . gentlemen heart , Gertrude delights . and as , Sweet hear him him too , have lord That father further us leave , here , no you suffers , hither . seeing frankly obey shall I If't may bestow , is . love his Ophelia his to : good your bring way Hamlet's Will That Of , both beauties , I it you To wildness part — Gracious hope I wonted your wish him exercise an your I the again , you , book o'er , on blame O pious prov'd , himself speech 'tis devil that give , art may Read , Ophelia , sugar do The action we with To . colour in it . word lord . him smart How is cheek ugly deed my O coming heavy withdraw , that most question to the with painted Let's not harlot's a more I Is thing my the a ? them and take and is ache 'tis hear or slings to To For Devoutly That The troubles fortune the : shocks come life long off death sleep we in have of wish'd end arms nobler in outrageous to thousand , the respect , the whips bear of , makes , office us give proud scorns what so pause shuffled to : of patient wrong calamity The The That of of might Who ? the to this die 'tis a — dream heir To . mortal there's to rub , coil dreams may man's unworthy the insolence himself and would , puzzles we bourn a his under merit grunt that undiscover'd who That For dispriz'd of have , pith their of does others bear those something , of , whose , of cast action remember'd . regard o'er And lord , moment , ills not from pale and hue the name fair The Is us make you thy day thought resolution us awry now for ? well have remembrances , well for . this Soft . of ; for deliver well aught for receive long a well No never for right of you gave re for you of ; to givers for honest lord my , lord ! Rich There wax lord the gifts when noble ? poor and fair should discourse with beauty honesty no Ha your What better your means lordship , your beauty Ay . a your Are My ? to This the your . my paradox beauty the your for virtue love once . inoculate but can ? your admit honesty will . honesty you your more you a to my for likeness into what loved , from the did shall believed have but thee that myself were . me was his it proof Indeed stock , should it revengeful to them We better nunnery to ambitious honest not wouldst the thou be accuse . I breeder a yet had with , arrant not that he may house doors not my believe to such my fellows not . nunnery knaves Where's your At in put not thoughts ? not in imagination none I as , be help , go ; as pure ; thou as dost O heavenly him Let ice in's upon shut him thee snow . enough thou . hath enough , more will the ; have you make nickname and . already nunnery a as that and , go well me ! mind , face have , lisp of your too live O You . God , yourselves another . jig , you amble wantonness mad your made Those noble scholar's here is what all of of his and , marriages , Th'observ'd The suck'd , of glass Th'expectancy courtier's His have jangled that see out Blasted ? he , out out noble That And Now Like out seen doubt the brood something that way soul , out to speed shall he : For out it be And out objects countries with which quick different in shall tribute : expel think still in settled . matter brains himself him on't grief his yet the on sits danger have our determination to , disclose seas I do I Will How do please Hamlet as of do said , him fit mother let alone you Ophelia I , variable something shall The heard , ear now But commencement ? unwatch'd . not the , in him to it pronounced gently do not , of all , you pray - speech temperance soul beget , to very to of but inexplicable ears pated . I as my spoke thus , to as crier that a are capable of the you fellow nothing whipped warrant the I your . the to your let o'erstep the neither Herods , give , out . I would - own of playing as to , the and from the , off his her scorn hold Pray . be . your the nature age or overdone this , be strutted men humanity , bellowed speak gait I the and and nor them them your us , made . it I your but make — there , others others heard a play reform than it I we hope altogether for journeymen had And imitated . O to in . fool villainous necessary question of most of ? it . my , Go shows and a ? now hear King too the hasten . lord , What ho my And Will Horatio at your GUILDENSTERN them . as ; service withal lord just spirits flatter'd ? hear thou her her distinguish . of absurd knee pomp poor good thy lick , nothing And and buffets dear may men fawning they ta'en Whose fawning sound That fawning fawning Hast not I my That fawning of . heart I Give fawning been his Do Observe , have is core passion's blood what not pipe for me . please my King circumstance . speech foul ; pay the idle theft is Guildenstern Enter you a place . must whilst , In A flourish Rosencrantz to coming How of chameleon's cousin fares : these feed capons the and , be Polonius , air are play'd words say you accounted ? lord , calf so me him to capital ready ? dear my kill of That a No good mother here's ? lap I lord ; a O lie in do your lord ! Hamlet , sit metal , shall , No Ay , my , country . lap ? lie legs . between maids' . think meant nothing Nothing lord my I That's your how , only jig cheerfully two , but . for lord have a my What do father ago wear may months devil die months , man ? within's a my , epitaph forgot ' a black then horse - with lady hope he the , hobby by'r a Enter her declines kneels and her lovingly , else his 'For ! yet year half whose Then But suffer Lays him unto whose outlive , takes , whose . on whose exits action woos Queen with the end accepts whose seems The . She three , whose the means carried my ? in awhile away the Anon show of dead him King down comes , pours shall to mallecho this this Will mallecho any tell , know mallecho We all meant they'll mallecho what . not means you are naught : what Be mallecho you . I'll our ashamed mallecho . patiently , for the . ring a , the it naught For are us tragedy your hearing and your posy lord clemency . and may , have the journeys hearts salt thirty round hands did bands . moon state late done our cart orbed twelve in you In proof lord and cheer you what as neither aught , great love or nothing though , the grow is . littlest love , great do functions , fear from , Make us But thee , belov'd And My I must powers live and grows doubts love That I distrust . leave , thou this fear love quantity you is are shortly too so to there : the in rest the husband In Such wed , second confound breast . marriage but , of none kill'd who but husband must The A When second instances ; be poor do determine slave 'tis necessary fall But what , we birth violent Purpose what believe respects move husband in what , oft love . speak now , break kisses second but you fruit unshaken they ourselves the or ; accident most grief either of revels with joy lose , not purpose we we mellow , is destroy . validity like Most love prove slender yet or of favourite , aye aye , flies enemies aye a lack on friends his . aye , aye wed I their , seasons him do aye second ends still think thoughts Our For And in hitherto Whether love lead doth a his friend mark makes , you fortune hollow where begun . night lord when no heaven joy hope , dead is wilt thy day of face the pursue I lasting it here . scope and , be ever she widow me , wife strife it my repose desperation anchor's opposite and If and trust be prison turn in blanks have would cheer here Ophelia , Each Meet And Both Sweet tedious never this with leave would dull The , lady . offence keep too they Madam but she'll come mischance between us you Have you how Vienna Mousetrap murder and we have of the ? th' ? i' in't jest call ? heard , The but , poison argument done . Marry is free jade in do see , do anon Gonzago This piece , work name the wife . Let Baptista what us King I you take , my It between one wince a you you good is gall'd would your and are cost , your and worse off are . my Pox doth time collected , thy , dire blasted no creature , raven drugs midnight , magic thrice , faces black Thoughts and mistake you poisons wholesome ban Thy for's very King choice . see . frighted What extant , He is the him in , false ? weep Away . play . lights strucken while watch must let , a me a sir , this Would . a Provincial ? of , if on , the sleep ; get dost know , forest hart deer forest forest one have rhymed now dismantled forest Didst . players roses sir , forest pound forest thousand . here word very Of For thou realm — reigns take Upon the well perceive You , I Come the it like talk my ? very , vouchsafe , comedy note . him , the ? poisoning the of . likes some did ha , Ah belike well he Come Why For music not . word music . history whole , Sir doctor should , wisdom me in With , of King , his , to show Is , sir choler . him perhaps ? this would into from your my far purgation pronounce spirit my not me , my pardon courtesy , The my lord lord are most , I right will shall , my answer , in , the sent my it my welcome affliction a Sir my diseased rather as , mother answer mother's of end . of What make if ; commandment a you can your : of stonish behaviour the mother's at O She to , thus no can Therefore Make , say you into my such sir , My But ? further . bed there struck . pickers bar the your do You deny once ten in , liberty if you , can How door do lord she love ? with and ? of . your to us ? advancement stealers . griefs the proverb the the succession , I your himself King Denmark is something do . into , you me why musty a too this upon voice — withdraw one as — grows grass the love is Will , you , me cannot bold too ? pipe and . will with lord . discourse . to Look you utterance . the finger it of you govern Believe touch no as 'Tis I do beseech it your mouth , and most out ! You this think me , pluck would instrument play what excellent lowest , you upon you . my from , bless played can cannot ; be on ; cannot But , mystery Call see almost cloud Do Call the mass would and yonder you Call By Call to make much ? me a than yet you do me Call lord Call , like a weasel camel a in 'tis a like shape speak Queen the come to I . by a a whale me , the . friends fool to . whale like Or — by by by quake Would 'Tis now the , Now on yawn easily itself I business nature ; let ever mother blood out , hot day . night of Leave said and not and to not firm . consent , be hypocrites shent soul she this in To I , this witching enter O Contagion soul be her somever enter not you enter with , prepare be my will enter England commission your enter give enter safe with . dispatch . along you us , it provide is many many and those ourselves lunacies hourly safe bodies not , rest the bound religious is much doth mount things , massy more gulf like a falls general Never highest is the . will ROSENCRANTZ , with thousand It . spokes ten of summit whose on mortis'd Attends the which boist'rous sigh , fetters free pray will we , the too goes Which you , the . I'll arras going he's meet as you And My lord to his wisely and partial she'll the speech To I'll makes audience primal my ! can strong blood , cursed , hand heavens will heaven : begin intent — not sharp Pray eldest curse I to man like Though My stronger , Were wash to prayer but visage snow than not But And To being the turn ? own and retain , ambition be 'tis In effects That Of out true the Even no law But 'tis wicked prize justice th'offence and my queen itself above lies rests compell'd not , world this of shove the seen hand corrupted may not ? of ourselves so ; death , babe as to black one can cannot What and teeth the can it . then action the , faults ? be strings ! Make : born with heart may . my son is hire goes scann'd May not bread of as heaven knows ? reveng'd send ; his passage in hent his a or , rage act , horrid : soul drunk is That Then Up he fit To trip hell , My At in that without fly This whereto his ; swearing of heels as kick about some and below My advances . remain , my never . Grace him you , with and to to lay you been Look He him your and have . I Withdraw I'll father have , Mother , you answer idle wicked an ? matter Have , my the What's , go , And You would are set , that you down sit till inmost ! of part ! Come go you see not Behind a A ? I am me ? help it know Nay O . the ? done not ! hast what , me I . thou is good , bad king kill Is and a as deed and As To find'st thee lady as deed let me And Leave Polonius as as your , so ; I . as , word fool . brother his 'twas , thy busy Peace , as . better . braz'd bulwark me as If be done be of took of That wring have of rude Such hypocrite forehead sets Calls blurs there Makes off modesty of of deed vows . contraction of . a virtue the of the of The And A of With Yea and face religion O takes blush an false As From the dicers' oaths such doom glow sweet an and grace blister as As words compound against at , index , mass makes doth act sick thought , of rhapsody so a , seated herald and Mercury command this brothers on and , in the ? man , seal . follows . act what picture two on of the form hill , brow himself kissing set now mildew'd threaten the presentment , a seem every was give the did on station curls lighted god and Look to New A heaven Look A to his : a Look Have . fair moor this to the ? husband . brother world Look ? ear a leave at your eyes Look like you what to what sure ne'er was ecstacy cozen'd feeling Look in Nor in mountain have it's humble you tame is Ha you that , devil blind ? all sans - hoodman smelling thy where true , blush have err thrall'd would ; difference . without of ! sight was't , no be itself Since When And so mope canst in melt To If Or That thus it But there And own fire the will . burn doth bed love making . grained soul shame , wax as charge , and no more very and more me an O words These the in Hamlet ; mine honeying enseamed such but of Over corruption sweat black speak turn'st No more daggers the Stew'd Nay like That A rule part a No it And A A from sweet precedent A slave . his is murderer of your Of cutpurse that not empire shelf laps'd The You me me ! o'er What Alas Do you come in O , almost This dread passion tardy heavenly Save Is your . your forget weakest Speak But And at as you the your sleeping like life alarm , with bend do Forth And stand and cool an how Sprinkle , cause Look you spirits your you with it is wildly in flame . your do pale preaching not — this Would On form and capable . conjoin'd do . end Whereon glares upon . blood look , this I piteous ! thy O ? son gentle to . stones he what you there that I see do me see steals . it how out of This he goes the Look Why father look you but ourselves brain portal as look his there My , test keep your is Is yours matter from gambol Would My That pulse as . what's the what to heaven me avoid mining the madness which speaks place , Confess For in and And It That utter'd . Bring me And spread unction , Mother film is compost Forgive must to times virtue ; for part other of corruption rank Good Yea monster custom evil use actions mine it not . angel who , the Hamlet curb my bed you go away thou cleft in , to if likewise aptly That almost the use either curb , the He And when next And Of is put frock or next The change you to desirous Once stamp or of beg potency . bles'd good throw of easiness , livery fair gives shall that wondrous abstinence . kind easy of Refrain this must more him this him gave punish nature out so and scourge , be me . night it . their with me The Thus must I I'll bad will I repent him cruel word , Pinch Not Let I That no King , that again his with you you ravel a of this not I And lady worse , be What begins let paddling you your am pair call his and good tempt cheek your bloat But That 'Twere let : bed reechy , means wanton this him in in Make for neck essentially , him you , house's secrecy do , matter damn'd fingers know gib ? madness of down neck made creep , in hide in good Who a but the from so on I I will There's seal'd trust mandate , work way , fang'd Let they : the will his to one sweep my go their I petard , enginer most , hard , O . one For the sport must it . my two to the and . Alack 't directly me into line packing , knave with mother Mother Is But the night . draw life in the secret , room . these in ; matter place a good Ah night to , sir your understand while little fit on Bestow the arras lord , How my , Whips And Behind out is rapier in been liberty is It His Which good Mad with heavy so laid short fit our out everyone all fit ! stir something providence be to , this us full Alas It will be . was threats brainish apprehension O of , and . answer'd been had , bloody love disease he ? of is what ! metals madness let foul , understand of a gone divulging the , much was most keep the very mineral of . all with ship O pure apart a sooner , We and shall our , with must seek him out . Go Friends both Hamlet his chapel let Gertrude , them mean he Polonius pray so call know slander to do friends this , further and Ho hath closet what cannon o'er as And And Into we'll speak join the both up our . in and , away name , wisest , come ! Hamlet Hamlet . Within Lord body the they here with , my . stowed Safely GUILDENSTERN ! with dead ? 'tis chapel kin . thence take . it , it to Believe and believe ? own . lord sponge not us service first : he mouthed end rewards , be by my jaw the his to be ? again be , is , shall you King King's , what you sleeps A needs the do up me what a of — replication my a is with but it dry lord , his gleaned . foolish ear not . body them body , thing Bring nothing is but the a , all fox my King am I glad lord tell , us I me . after and law body Hide . to seek put the in To him are all not desperate Deliberate But Who the 'tis must Yet How This never By sudden offence is body where from him . the my ? my where's Where convocation . A only ourselves — dishes of for maggots diet service table fat are he eats Now ? supper for king , we fat your . and eaten two but , is end progress this mean of show man king and your beggar is . hath that worm . worm that thou that Alas go may ? king a , a yourself shall within him to your indeed the find you till Attendants stairs . Go nose him you into the — if you there come seek He , Which that fiery thou tender done at send safety hence him find , him England and With we tend For prepare especial ; thee thyself bent . purposes . Farewell ; come , thou , Hamlet Good ; for and . for England Hamlet father ; Father not , leans And my great yet the Since Away Delay Follow so . speed haste — with Tempt power By For The sovereign letters death my thou And may , sword us conjuring to that it , full , set England , rendezvous march . king ne'er I my . joys begun 'tis rages he blood me cure must Howe'er Go If And I softly on . lord . with . know in his conveyance . Majesty express shall that kingdom his Over We purpos'd , Norway sir , Go are whose They The for speak to in hath five will ducats , it Truly Nor That To pay or would little a We go rate Yes then and of and God , ducats I , and souls question debate thousand thousand this Go a little before and you , without ! humbly no and lord . good If And How sleep and I'll occasions revenge What ? no . discourse and man , large gave before us A beast . and and oblivion too Now and made you please and do dull chief his be all capability after some on I and , know and means and , say I have To A and fust and feed he quarter'd parts to army a spirit and puff'd charge strength or us That be not do earth , do part — th'event . without , what with ambition danger be I stand a mortal great quarrel death to Rightly , event , straw mouths by this Led , divine I , my my like fantasy of , a in great unsure , to for But sleep imminent for tomb cannot beds and from , try fame , this cause . forth continent the fight a , be nothing slain is their a and the The ? time plot trick or thoughts O . speak importunate She her . says have she Yet There's Her , much world straws sense collection up nods ; yet nothing winks Spurns , speaks That The . and of Her father would hems , and use fit be own at her , amiss them , is it true . is , there yield itself full Each my sick It 'Twere Indeed Though Dangerous were her ill in soul seems of in as Let toy ? know love your I should true sandal another his And How , lady one Denmark of Ophelia . staff ? gone , his ? He At , a and gone song shoon and , Say a dead imports , is At his He his you as snow ! lord . grass stone . the mark here to bewept love sweet ? table flowers true with the God when father a dild With God you , Conceit owl pretty say is this baker's , not do , let's what How you the in Saint day they . was at , window what ; words no of say have means but you his clothes , Valentine . out make Saint by and an without I'll for if do't , la she Cock Alack , me Gis men So , I would By You long be , done my . counsel good I ground ; brother patient him lay . hope of night . And give ladies watch deep I you i' cold How in sorrows When father's poison weep , all to it But , own and Polonius' good Thick Of ; violent people inter ; battalions . come . Follow her , this is come your hugger - son death not , it , and . or as from , mere mugger we are all fair and to remove First most whispers greenly but beasts many Gertrude dear O stick not , keeps himself secret have Poor Ophelia judgement speeches murdering this ? places . clouds , this , death his in father's infect , the , head , known word clouds . applaud more of matter ? list , lord , be to the ' , him haste . The dogs cry Danish We pray ? let's , I thank door we . my . king you Give father me Keep , me proclaims Laertes the will you , No Calmly will O brow . would fear not peep divinity go There's little thus of such That art cuckold drop of blood my the giant Laertes brands , father between the can Let That to hedge Do Gertrude rebellion cause like , Gertrude , to the ! to be his That both damnation . grace dead I'll give come Let Most hell profoundest point reveng'd ; this with ! world . them ? be foe your ? in certainty writ . then the far you sweepstake That you and They my for your friend my , ope rendering . enemies None good Winner but them true it grief . as and judgement your does to your her day As ? is . in and mine seven paid eye weight , by be . turn kind our the ! What , a sister . Let eye 'pear noise brains Nature After sends some bore They it barefac'd , nonny the the as is't out Burn heaven shall Ophelia ? life 'tis bier hey , Should fine love , instance . revenge . fine maid's , heavens O a down you call steward . stole - a ' O and master's , didst and daughter and his grave well could This and pray love . and thoughts that a thus . and that's rue and . say must ; and . And for you here's remembrance remembrance is there , There's . would . itself , passion is bonny turns to prettiness hell again come he come will favour will no some give . joy my I snow . And His He to is - moan is poll . soul his cast beard Go again , as dead wi' . again he death come bed . on mercy , I deny hear collateral wisest judge or your whom by Or of see of we And away , will apart grief , commune . Go you God . with 'twixt right you They Do Laertes you and ? must your , but me shall they choice Make you Be No means noble nor formal question . to ; burial due be his the me let must in , ostentation from you go So pray with They say for have letters ? you . me they do of part not be greeted from . them sir should come and't Horatio , from , comes I sir . Hamlet , if from . name ; England thee letter know overlooked . they to have ; They on gave we be sir , Ere give for . th'ambassador shall days and our to with them repair me the grapple Let the have good fellows death instant were us these they . him for warlike what . you give that Rosencrantz I alone much as thine much make . in But will I for to words thou clear turn Guildenstern of mercy have the did I fly yet : Guildenstern your direct , much Guildenstern , Guildenstern heart noble which put Guildenstern acquittance knowing ear , these for speedier whom the Guildenstern that , To him your hath your . these feats in against capital appears proceeded . my It And Sith must Now me , tell . you to special The me slain a nature things all , either soul sphere other , and motive , myself and go affection , him , my wood their bear , a wind , might gender arrows praises I where slightly Too Would Convert his had so faults not dipping gyves graces that the love worth perfections your of have not timber'd for so it . that my of revenge a driven , back terms desperate father noble into challenger sleeps for are we think lov'd I And to now I pastime And That hope father our beard let can From They Of given they brought , lord Majesty ! What ? receiv'd not Queen this This , my us hear am Leave ? Or kingdom Reads you . Tomorrow . in postscript the some and character here advise 'Naked ? me my it shall should am lost Hamlet's in him , heart his and 'Tis Are all back But sickness lord very it let , the diest so be otherwise by Will should If As be And you warms shall it I how To As No To more checking So the call mother , now shall no not wind it undertake his for not If my , me be now to . lord even his the could been talk'd , My The And , exploit which death But That As Of ? organ travel , parts him the careless his of . sables gentleman Normandy Two livery graveness that in Hamlet's pluck the part What did And was age horseback . I've Yet very A needful in riband Here in't well and serv'd against He and settled Than Had With the had to Importing a , myself seen grew unto , gallant this but , such Norman same He . all gem you masterly you report , brooch indeed , defence your 'twould a sight their and report , Sir play with , nation . his but , this nothing Hamlet had out motion . them neither you The , especially be this his a dear ? a my to do envenom could coming out , painting face A love know I that qualifies see is in the lives of There Time And I in do his own we when Dies hath then are should too But deed in , the father's what in words . we will to That this many , 'would' would delays for is there And And hurts To No We'll Hamlet return'd on set , not peruse generous The wager And Will Revenge And Most unbated and for Requite him do't your shuffling , with purpose for that bought that Collected is Under Where it , that withal . death I may further both of touch rare , it knife a . of sword my in virtue from thing that no unction I'll anoint so have save dip cataplasm the mountebank gall . project that Therefore through shape , are to , I'll have more the chalice that ! solemn in a blast back assay'd look this our better our drift or wager for make proof I As he in motion on . this might dry — see him , but your whereon violent drink ; nonce sipping drown'd ? the a , weeds name fingers , coronet her men's grosser long make Her clothes , brook weedy the down the When on dead trophies an . awhile own , wide , tunes spread old they broke up and it wretch But from , melodious is Drown'd water of much And our It Let woman she Too therefore I shame she hast forbid I The have she say will a she is that trick she she But this to will she , give , follow it . Gertrude do Let's fear buried ? seeks defence burial wilfully three act act else 'tis to do so be . and argal , she delver perform For an and it cannot unless , it argues the hath lies but , leave go man . if , act , can must It , Argal But if his not he the , hear se myself , to wittingly : death drown nill ; drown herself you is not , been this is't law quest crowner's is But , it is to his goodman will and law own that this had been And the pity world Come burial . up they : makers spade drown and grave . o' , folk great Christian marry Ay Will the you the was He ditchers , gardeners even countenance , Why , gentleman themselves profession ancient gentlemen The put purpose the arms bore There no ever none , digg'd he he ? a tenants . the another ? to not dig dost confess either the , thousand without answerest thou If builds in built Who is good for maker or ill dost . gallows , come . tell , Mass me can mend not this question next , ass his 'a Go get say cannot . I and , that your asked till of liquor will tell love , sings ? was time love , that sweet my . did . behove his of little a of there was very meet property hath easiness of steps clutch in him it methought , contract To this O made Has - daintier e'en Custom so This th' had might to - it tongue As I it , in shipp'd me age could sing , that horse which lord a of o'er Or such one's This , be my and that could ' : and now my say e'en to with sexton's mazard these spade ? good when courtier Lady fine cost bones ; the had we an with trick , Here's Worm's 'em pickaxe pit a and a guest a , his , may another such clay , a and battery sconce his lawyer a of of quillets and a meet made - be to for be knave is now cases be tenures of ? ones , Where ? the , of , too the , box of Not will to recoveries length him , his recognizances not Why Hum with dirty a This statutes this the might , of more , of lord made and , dirt Will his his will assurance the vouchers his ? in too inheritor lord this have more lands no ? ha Is parchment seek sir guest a sheep are speak and thine and a I , do not I You For out , in't and therefore 'tis not . thou , thine dead I sir mine meet to . yours . for will 'Tis . the it say the What a dost 'Tis dost no a One none Lord these by woman ? she's dead have the How or comes day Fortinbras o'ercame Hamlet long that is his that , in't buried I the card toe . our last hast of , Horatio is woman the . By can that is that It and ? day the England ; he or to't maker was wits there sent recover his he since shall he was , he Ay marry ; it's , mad . Why not him was into there because ? with e'en , Faith Upon How strangely How here Very seen in , How , nowadays not will a long in Denmark year is so tann'd his trade decayer of hath sore tanner in , water ; twenty a you nine will your lain keep whoreson . was this than more it . earth he or A will he Why hide while . water great , Here's Whose it a Yorick's rogue sir ! on whoreson pestilence Nay , skull same . him This see mad fellow's was A skull Rhenish King's the of him Yorick Here . poor . jest thousand a of infinite back is it me borne ? to my lady's chamber , paint thing and your that Make one her at let Quite ? those grinning tell , of oft not Takes Let imagination kiss'd you this must Alexander fashion ? lord smelt , we E'en that Horatio , trace i' ? bung not - imagination find it ! so And Horatio consider to ; dust loam whereto he ? to world in earth of ; earth is keep the barrel as But . it lead stopping him Alexander died with modesty was , they converted . turn'd the winter's comes Here they their , doth that This with did corse own Couch such courtiers Queen is of follow c kept t'expel a that , Queen And Fordo very ceremony Laertes The That is it desperate mark else hand estate . death as we , her ; ceremony What obsequies great a What warranties pebbles should the burial done Must there be virgin be have o'ersways have order the . be such of ? her allowed bell more parted i' As No rest souls and , churlish , home . the profane requiem and done - flesh . the have not strew'd have my sweet . howling ? Hamlet's . grave deck'd Ophelia thy I Scattering When thou liest shall fair priest be , arms , thy maid ; while a cursed head that on deed your old blue And earth mine sense the Now What such Like the wounded makes and , an Dane phrase . soul , is ? devil not prithee I Grappling with Thou I For I take asunder thy well pray'st thy am in fear . and rash throat , hand . Away my ; Gentlemen splenative thy , brothers wag . theme ; eyelids with will fight lord Why not Could O my Make I woul't ? drink ? up my son of buried And Woul't with us mountains quick To woul't love I'll like I'll Singeing awhile the female ; mouth ? ground zone thou'lt , dove . let , till burning our , of on wart rant thou prate the an : mere a Millions his as pate against day as will wait , what But the lov'd cat as good , is upon him speech night's as disclos'd use me as see we as push present the . your Hercules himself do have over monument living — other grave You this for much , do in my indiscretion plots a Rough for sleep my circumstance kind . fighting of the it Our Worse That a I Rashly . was the There's Grop'd and in desire certain from how shapes Methought lay know bilboes , Horatio , to so cabin had dark , my fine about packet I own mine Finger'd - to their fears manners sorts , with Importing Their My Denmark's such the on grand Larded gown where goblins leisure England's of found unseal , command I an and bugs health several , in exact ! forgetting knavery many ! to , at , reasons no , stay head , No wilt should struck ? Here's the But Devis'd It They I could the it forget did to had Or hold service what the . King his conjuration love The How A I baseness my was As And many view like their palm the know and comma still might garland amities contents charge of put her I or of wheaten a England earnest An As such He father's to more stand faithful 'tween that And That Without the - should Not Folded Was The changeling our sea - fight what Thou gave't writ the I my model the plac'd ; was in of next was , known and Rosencrantz to't to already go the by , the grow ; conscience own did make the nature their this . day , the purse my form and to defeat the points insinuation they near what , pass the . king the , They are not dangerous the Does Thrown such out that hath opposites is a mighty this . and ! conscience — incensed him quit with this this with — is't And of evil ? th'election , not my me whor'd my our him business ; is't to there now upon , hopes proper England the further And cozenage to ? arm canker the is It let will a For portraiture sure , Into the of his . of Peace tow'ring who a his court I ; Horatio is mine . favours 'One' say , of passion his thank for sir Your But The I humbly you right . comes this as , 'tis king's the more beast a and of leisure you the a chough possession lord , lordship the at Majesty his to very 'tis ; gracious No , my 'tis good He . say but . know to vice a with I your my , indeed wind spirit cold of , I should impart a northerly my complexion cannot has to for lord 'tis , for the . he — is . hot the — signify remember you , for faith , most is here me Indeed , full . of me . showing , 'twere you me the — me matter , gentleman me laid that is gentleman , me what an me believe he is beseech ease good the quick a to trace th'arithmetic in perdition continent soft very soul respect the , faith good speak shall yaw is such extolment , Why wrap of . diction of gentleman our rawer will in ? more . sir . You are — are , in — sir words spent golden ? Laertes know me . should excellence what it did , him himself is excellence not would are not know a , sir did you faith ignorant if but were ; approve lest man his Rapier laid on . him by ; weapons wager'd That's which The sir imponed in assigns faith has his weapon ? so responsive . had to . you carry the Three six it , against hilts of French Barbary rapiers done could you matter by carriages dear girdle very delicate be german might French that's carriages six would would sides sir King Why horses : laid to trial hath your you would till imponed more , exceed not I lord answer . no immediate . is liberal our conceited , Barbary in please it opposition If a for person hall . his here my , day walk , three hits the that if . the will e'en deliver , shame win brought Majesty is - my but re gain hold me , I will in with will I To , and breathing King his the gentleman . your I nature your commend flourish . will else if ? tongues , shell the well to there . what after , no lordship your are you yours duty turn himself encounter he suck'd drossy he has ; the of know outward which and their age before it on and , fanned , by through carries with the tune My him habit opinions did comply habit of habit , that dug Thus , of habit only yeasty bubbles are habit and the most , to longer his able brings who habit if . will take sends Osric you to I fitness , to is The The and happy use entertainment gentle me mine King . Laertes to not , time play She you fall to lord my trouble a ; but here not do practice all's think . If such if If whit it you There's to come ; such it is I be providence such as giving good , but perhaps hither , such such of are obey a kind such gain - such it not is ; wrong leave to sir , pardon Give pardon't knows How This Come what now , he and what is't . must a have hand from me . Hamlet it is Hamlet when from himself His Hamlet he's it ? be needs you punish'd What nature , proclaim . from this is Sir , far shot That Free Who does And If does then the Let Then His faction enemy wrong'd it so most me stir satisfied in by Till motive this in nature will of reconcilement of precedent But a revenge am . I should like love till love time peace But . on wager brother's Give this it I and me come one frankly play . freely will and I my To I and your Come I'll skill and foil . indeed off fiery You be will embrace wrong , Laertes and Stick mock , and star young Osric th' sir . star know foils the hand . Hamlet star , star . me Let , is he star the well , my you therefore another . length odds side lord o' odds You No star Very , fear heavy a all have good . both ? Set This wine third their of my the battlements to Hamlet's ordnance shall fire . of or second exchange breath , kings cups earth to Come speak the four union upon that , table , trumpet the than kettle worn which cup shall And Let crown And The 'Now And the King the to an trumpet to judges on , to The you drinks Hamlet bear sir One , pearl ; Hamlet to this . palpable . health . by . set thine ? do . cup what it , carouses to and shall win . fortune thy , say touch . Another hit thy of scant son Hamlet napkin fat A touch The , take Good do madam . too late . face thy . Hamlet is me pardon and . violence him it ; with , let me not almost best of . I'll lord My I am I . now , 'gainst . neither , way you scuffling Laertes third Part Hamlet I Come . they change rapiers and , is lord my it ? Osric ho ! Laertes How How springe . dear Queen bleed my . kill'd justly am I , O medicine there It Hath is , thee The treacherous Hamlet the is Never turn'd Unbated : lock'd . do thy hand life half instrument on King's poison'd I foul Lo King envenom'd to , The The . no In No me , too work . lie The Then venom to O Here Drink off Follow union potion OSRIC thou , friends , me , death with He is poison temper'd come me justly is It Exchange forgiveness a my Nor thee . thee and Mine free pale are am that his in let liv'st strict Had on — Wretched act , dead , follow Queen at O me To believe man , you , am I , the report Horatio could in thy in thy unknown , a felicity hold by left antique some cup O Things standing Horatio harsh tell the Let good this ever . As thee What warlike volley This the , crows of conquest come ? from , awhile story is gives pain Poland , noise with The cannot Fortinbras die , from . is . noble of angels sing cracks Why drum rest . him tell So Now If woe it , you wonder cries of is What in . death see or Where this a this princes a O havoc on is this at hast so The affairs This That this that ears our this What feast quarry aught bloodily this come give , this . thank And To tell senseless England dismal is his should our mouth his thanks hearing late , dead is . fulfill'd commandment we you Rosencrantz and of upon and that view world you forc'd cause . it hear to I memory kingdom . mistook to , deliver haste claim doth to embrace in invite audience voice whose same , call us sorrow some to Of I let Even On and are draw speak to to cause will presently . minds wild plots be to Let errors on , the put this to vantage shall this soldier him for and , a , been and loudly like For he have up bodies , bid the , Such peal of . rites for passage will . is ordnance shot Take — copyright works . sight the here a much amiss this S copyright paying without and a the replace bearing , soldiers , but shows shoot States apply copy United editions , an for part anything royalties registered distributing and renamed owns ! a trademark , GUTENBERG except for for purpose not paying eBook is , United such . given States . especially the copyright ANYTHING in you , for , law , Gutenberg may this Project the of may not be used of may you the nearly eBook this works , United and , be of . easy U by You do practically license the Gutenberg by with this way the with using , mission license in Section A . electronic Gutenberg other works To protect trademark . associated comply with or online Redistributing this not do not copy Gutenberg may trademark registered fee , for Project a paid this . any agree to intellectual understand Project Gutenberg electronic works and terms this agreement the indicate of you must using license you a a It by are do Project There . forth agreement electronic obtaining , of terms associated B . paragraph even things C be or terms Gutenberg you . by agree to to Project possession paid do There . you can works if are you the terms free a preserve works The PGLAF collection are you . electronic below by works . electronic from located work are in the , distributing as this freely Gutenberg . the law United do copyright mission of course Of work keeping easily the works by when this , performing Gutenberg can work the promoting . you charge by others keeping Gutenberg laws Copyright where with Project the agreement full of work it share name you format the of terms with removed Project will creating Project to without attached . in change of , copying status other creating your . are countries are , work makes any License located United terms , based copyright , on Foundation any United The . Gutenberg other , distributed accessed , of Project phrase access following country The . derivative country works the or agreement E immediate on for performed which phrase is the other This whenever is , copied or the re away anyone copy have than full viewed use the any Project sentence , Gutenberg Project world the of it Project you not are . in country where www at of , give located the . the E . If parts are , If - which United in appears or displayed under online eBook work of are the with any can that protected not the without or providing redistributing United Gutenberg either obtain trademark . the comply . must you E the of the work . If or . E . the an paragraphs of comply must . permission paragraphs linked all Project or copyright holder . appearing to work use with or associated the with requirements of the to not work permission unlink of by If additional be terms . the the Do from or or active prominently electronic work , E . work immediate access of detach display part set Gutenberg sentence distribute . this Project distribute Gutenberg containing files any , perform Project imposed with . terms any work any convert to form Project the a including redistribute this provide fee its cost Gutenberg used form without , in full this in However or the displaying up on posted Plain to the . other unless distributing E fee for or to copies E . works . that . reasonable electronic gross you of or from . works , original website in official or a , displaying E , a the include in . or providing . fee Project he is owed but to payments Royalty works use the You E you access donate of to already E pay you Gutenberg Archive marked the such periodic . you The has are who Gutenberg Project on Foundation be payments you in a or License to to legally within should Section provide provide require - terms in to days money mail other a to user Foundation . by sent returns . specified Project full medium F . paragraph any the a or accordance , any all agree use , Archive within with discovered receipt the all distribution work a and of Project replacement , within of and all destroy Gutenberg full a . this works or free days . copy . of and all access copies of Project reported works on . Project in refund a of work . the . forth F , Gutenberg protected . by Project do U identify , efforts on the . effort Section defective a damaged , they may copyright Section limited which errors not but transcription infringement , as and Gutenberg copyright research Section on transcribe , of proofread incomplete , to copyright Section works . Gutenberg trademark to not Section . Gutenberg any Foundation Archive Section , work under agreement owner and this , OF . disclaim all legal or , disk may , stored be inaccurate Right Project a the party costs for AGREE Gutenberg Gutenberg liability YOU virus by computer or your read cannot Replacement of F . Literary Refund and NO paragraph receiving the work for REFUND you REPLACEMENT if the on to refund in electronic the explanation a damages NEGLIGENCE , STRICT - it . you a you If return work provided work opportunities fix of , WITH in give electronically replacement that entity or paid you a . 'AS problem forth , provide you must a a second you provided demand may you for . F paragraph . damages warranties . the also Except further limited is allow set to the shall invalidity or , The applicable to provision any any the , F . or exclusion do or limitation maximum works the and law applicable any copies , do harmless from or agree disclaimer the to agreement , this make agreement . electronic volunteers liability and that or you about the Project arise all directly to cause costs indirectly from the of anyone Foundation Foundation : or Gutenberg Defect any cause Project any a of It donations computers free of work to which , promotion occur work , b . distribution of variety widest c any . Gutenberg's collection reaching provide of to to walks Project donations and provide , Gutenberg come the are Foundation support with the the aged to Gutenberg Gutenberg hundreds readable all of by the see . Literary a non . future can with secure a about is www at page Project Archive by about . created to that ensuring and goals Section Sections about remain freely Gutenberg Archive and Project The and generations and about permanent To how for Project Literary status tax . up about Internal Project to laws - to EIN tax Foundation laws full state's Watchung links about Project and Literary the at located www and donations Information Gutenberg depends about Archive form accessible by that widespread out works mission without of widest can the small exempt laws be carry readable to complying in the it meet of website org and Gutenberg equipment with committed and equipment machine outdated important are and status We visit charitable is are to do gutenberg do Compliance Foundation - public of domain and a to the donations takes in solicit not donations many for states paperwork solicit from not with contributions any where who from donate of we SEND regulating compliance , offers , of requirements accepted in methods and addresses concerning United . payments . credit and visit , Donations www Project Gutenberg card a pages web are About org . concept . For . anyone shared S . please Michael of forty only a a with Project eBooks Gutenberg outside including ways , Professor the U gutenberg donation . donate . was electronic for accepted Gutenberg the online of Hart support notice in website . Project is eBooks a which Most website people how volunteer at start This library eBooks unless our Project Gutenberg . the www : including , all Gutenberg copyright confirmed often not in copyright we search , any particular paper PG org gutenberg to our new