unfold ! answer there Stand He You come struck relief I night and them Marcellus , make . do my , Stand Well a you good , Horatio bid ? is there you good night has Holla , Barnardo A Welcome what Touching And What appear'd but seen thing nothing our fantasy along night . him us , ears . one beating all that westward that's , then night , sit of speak seen of down , comes dead Horatio to speak like the it ; art Thou same not like me with spoke would a It it , wonder , form . I ? It heaven this of thee Denmark night . with look and pale than more ! You , not this ! thee ! gone 'Tis ! now my Without Of own eyes . I , God What ! and not you ! the How the , and in Norway art smote strange Polacks had ; angry know not ; parle jump gone our at thou the dead . work by hour state watch week the of cast implements , from What Does Why And So same strange scope of my he land cannon sore the day . that joint can can me appear'd so but That whisper goes I ; sweaty whose war task that ? us to emulate our of night image the even as At Was , prick'd combat on you by his with Fortinbras side , by most valiant pride which law to ; vanquisher Hamlet Of fell to the Did Did this life who known world , lands , those competent , sir , as of inheritance of mettle hot the carriage been he Was Had in And the by full no state , lawless of list of some our hand there other strong is resolutes which foresaid , this And father the of - haste rummage and preparations , of by terms I Well armed is this that so these . dead the Roman state in the stars The A the mote was may it post As Did squeak graves little Comes That A ere tenantless and doomsday empire fates , coming ! though it Lo it . demonstrated on events . earth the earth , me . to of , again earth ! earth ! done earth to earth , earth strike Marcellus at and you Stay it , treasure say it which they Extorted Or thou . spirits womb the in not with if it the show air malicious as To And our it speak , when . majestical so , crew ! gone the fearful is and . the and day sea god his Whether Awake Doth cock , And To It his confine present . and fire lofty that in the Th'extravagant with faded Wherein The then fairy So Break we o'er Walks But Unto young Hamlet ; us will upon shall acquaint , for fitting loves what to him our to speak with life duty it most and ? pray impart us consent dumb Let , him we needful As The memory Though wisest sorrow remembrance sister this , barr'd a , better affair , Now this Your to along that . equal Taken In With Have we in mirth you For which freely have we herein , brother's of advantage law . hears Voltemand power the than personal old , Norway . our show duty . haste let and Farewell We these ; VOLTEMAND : and CORNELIUS will nothing , doubt Laertes some be . What my offer , of to have , return came that , duty in to ; done I lord , mouth father duty your leave , you lord my seal'd and my go . last consent to be — my thy and at and less my hour give you Laertes I it beseech Take spend , time , clouds the A . that look for Do for not let And Good Hamlet thine Not know'st Passing seems If it so madam , it , be particular is ; I black , grief of show passeth nature , woe , shows These the mother seems , forc'd river suspiration dejected Together can the denote they actions , truly a and that which the within trappings duties his obligation a heart Why the most in heart against fault Take From of , till woe unprevailing ; a most and no the , still hath cried , nature We us We , We earth to throw of take We We We , son to toward which In And It beseech courtier chiefest with stay shall not thy in to gentle 'tis Be that Thaw the the speaking This my health cannon rouse - Re And His O But Seem to me all the 'tis and , this was to the king , not that my this two nature not to ! him hang she . appetite ; so come should satyr ? Why , not too increase ; loving much mother winds Heaven would of thy shoes is a within body name , yet Frailty of on month she my or followed . married with old she even tears , uncle father's like reason she Why discourse wants , father's Than Had married , dexterity . But make I'll Sir what And am But what glad in I to truant shall make yourself But Against To is your know truster my affair prithee I lord I My think not do it furnish ever Or lord all like him upon take for yesternight . again goodly in king while a ! your my King think Saw Who ? the father for ear God's Barnardo nights dead waste together Two the For encounter'd In With This marvel attent witness , on had A figure middle these hear and Appears Been Armed at slow In And , Stand was you answer Itself was But was the sound was Did , But My was But even then it , none motion to was And my you it let , our true . duty . From , to toe from head ? not , he his to lord ? you ? My Then , And fix'd It Most would I I . you . like and there it . tell a hundred . BARNARDO longer silver'd it his . still tonight tongue : eleven 'twixt honour your the them o'erwhelm are , me you of trifling a youth and the suppliance and perfume not in fashion a , sweet of lasting , nature minute not , and this not it ; crescent No nature thews bulk Think does more as you besmirch fear own on as weigh'd his , is his soil ; And and sanctity He For greatness The The of himself Perhaps nor is his of his if far and he that depends do birth not his persons subject , health he believe says Then . in he the fits is Unto therefore himself for Carve not for this unvalu'd ; must As give the what wisdom voice the head voice credent heart his the in , main weigh too it danger prodigal enough , affection dear of maid of spring strokes disclos'd the buttons of moon to 'scapes your , it And of she Virtue Too Out If canker The And itself are best . heart like a and thorny dalliance . me fear . But not O primrose here path own his steep the Himself Show I sits . in Laertes here I stay too double blessing upon A The are Give Aboard ? you . tongue my There a There . for There with blessing your , There memory thoughts means . no act There his adoption their unfledg'd palm with of entertainment . There being of few purse thy fancy oft that man in . the rank not gaudy , and . judgement thy buy ; lender itself false . man thee leave both my the night both best select apparel express'd a Neither borrowing And Most time both Farewell both both both And both , humbly do , I , you your my keep lock'd key it , you to . Hamlet late the Lord I 'tis put and free — and Of ! audience private your way do it so between you Do have these more yourself dearly poor me the a of phrase . fool love . tender fashion pay true I what , think for should a baby , with Tender wind soul know . lord , extinct in do heaven I woodcocks prodigal higher maiden . fire it , blazes making - a From presence , are for this you : time all you is , any slander you with you so shall shrewdly it nipping you think I eager you you you the . near wont swaggering drum - he And The as Keeps The my manner headed , indeed with at our attribute height . men takes perform'd , guilty are not and and though of nature of mole some vicious , wherein , these o'erleavens , a star much too ; manners , Nature's I of The , form Or Carrying His Bring I speak cerements in royal thee in to canoniz'd their we again What shake the this ? reaches ? of disposition the we Wherefore you to go beckons it To some alone impartment . away with did desire removed action . ground it more with courteous you what it . what , Why then I then And What then if it o'er the you dreadful toward forth a then Being for then The draw Without then might you very That And And You makes as nerve , lion's body . hands your not out in Unhand make I lets — a . come him obey ? further no go I'll . me ? thou wilt will lead will me Speak not will To what thou will art will will So , foul done my freeze - I whose to revenge the day certain thy term fast the night , forbid , blood , end O , dear thy ; like combined particular ears flesh ; And each didst thou If ; of To ; his ; Revenge Murder most this to me Haste meditation As And I duller That given out stir by stung Is abus'd The O Rankly uncle uncle O From The wicked Ay uncle So witchcraft With uncle uncle uncle those ! let soft But , court virtue it sate With Brief in curd , like did it doth it droppings bark'd about vile , and hand , posset body of courses the milk ; it with such Holds an enmity with quicksilver gates natural with with And lazar - a and thin Thus life with Of If A with But not howsoever reckoning Unhous'led even I like my of off with with was sleeping to bear her Fare shows her thorns mind , pursu'st and ! thy to And thy those And Adieu luxury nature hast Let Taint worm pale his Remember leave ; aught to adieu all And hell sinews , poor thou bear , I O couple this ghost from stiffly , my , I'll In But saws of Yea All That Ay wipe of shall by live memory Remember thee old a memory , seat , all forms , all pressures . O most smiling set ! villain down I is remember are and may one That At uncle It Within . Within My lord , him it Come lord . lord noble ? lord , wonderful tell , by . once it . of secret ! No , Good my , my all in knave grave the ; lord . from my man heaven , Denmark , arrant come all the right , part point own , lord words heartily part : poor . heartily my you , tonight seen will . is there Touching what and lord not , me are O'ermaster't For your honest ghost an is It I In Never known you make have . faith . my sword Indeed oath Propose you sayst fellow lord ? my under this sword . indeed , Consent by my Swear speak of that you . cellarage , on Never Come et to , lay ubique hands again my , that , shift we'll ? your Swear . Beneath mole so th'earth good ! Once Swear . Swear . sword Then . i' , welcome But Horatio , come you strange hereafter disposition , friends , on seeing of encumber'd perchance odd soe'er I shall or , at put times speak' could be , 'There head phrase and this an , There are as a , philosophy and help if if , you commend rest Rest a your us . pray I O , right . gentlemen friending So . poor his was is so I love what all fingers your Nay , God do And not shall May And still I , willing I Give Of visit wisely to . behaviour , Reynaldo make did Danskers very I marvellous money notes my you You Marry Before first what demands 'twere know what , me well Enquire , What And part in 'And do at company By That him' — well you ' you my very his know , mark and distant but father ; mean be I , in But so forgeries may , part him and What and no lord and and Quarrelling , and My drinking . You may dishonour and it in liberty , my flash they seem good . mind fiery , son working that warrant lord general in savageness unreclaimed , do — But I would Wherefore lord , Ay 'Good youth party Your And You a The He in these it sir Having you the good does , my country and man to Very I sir By the At about And does to was then , He — or with and day gentleman say you . rouse ! marry the , o'ertook house of t'other and there tennis' so forth See ; such . of ; not you out directions my I So my me lecture by son thus we do of brothel , gaming out him a , Videlicet you Good you Farewell what's , Ophelia , ply my him let , Well in I with and shirt his down his - look he if Pale As I speak , No a head upon his And me the other his he What lord He As He Then He goes with he And end . That done all and mine he , arm his me to falls . would . Long thus and ? length hand little waving his down go . me their . last the violent fordoes ecstasy their sigh head a draw . last Come . without his it As And to me the No my As leads Whose with doors o' seem'd What I did ; but love went way without . bended undertakings , sorry , I that sorry am the hard I . to made with him wreck it is ourselves for beshrew and command be must it proper to my trifle jealousy thee That And grief It As not had , More This lack , To cast , Welcome we we hate being , which , to utter use Something . have and , nor What I it , you see to to much you have I put heard with him both companies and you pleasures , th'exterior , since vouchsafe neighbour'd young father's death it should hath , our brought from of occasion th'understanding entreat your to us hath two , unknown afflicts our occasion . you will and of occasion , will occasion , talk'd awhile receive with us thanks occasion occasion , by Might occasion To To As to so there it profit your supply Your he the dread both sovereign visitation As show entreaty into , you us bent feet . Norway Are joyfully father of , that this King of have I brain . lunacy so I the you Assure hast of to that Give As speak admittance first do Hamlet's long I found . to bring that to and , son's he , that to my of all queen fruit to the be , doubt The Welcome father's He Say , His , Voltemand Well , be better against falsely Upon His To It so With his him old as levied Whereon , to employ further herein , annual shown Polack soldiers fee , this in your Majesty , quiet : to set consider'd likes are well more you Answer Go Meantime we And to your at rest at for think our What day tediousness is majesty since I to be , Were Why day nothing matter I swear , use true More less define noble and night , be should night limbs . but And Therefore will call for be But but brief let is't it What Hath That let find , given Thus Or rather remains a in me have I it Who For ill celestial That he pity us grant the effect say cause she obedience Now have . this duty and her daughter defective the , have this of of this cause by most mark have mine . Ophelia vile is ; shall you vile , idol the and have hear to I awhile Came stay phrase my a have phrase , Doubt have be sun truth But doubt ill these . I I . a move , at best is reckon Adieu to . it , him , me and ? my place my believe my my that , on , might my , honourable love his . his hath , above All receiv'd my . mine you faithful so told your my queen this here might , wing think , you me of But must tell you I , a seen man perceiv'd daughter had When As Admit not Hamlet And might What If Or Or fain hot , love I then And prince a think book to bespeak out winking table , resort precepts of did idle make declension , fast my weakness , by then tokens this fruits no , receive short into . likely know , be , such It to a the Into And you very positively lead If That I I hid truth it , Where When that , Not the may How we Take this circumstances this there is have from sometimes You At a me not encounter . his be the time I from be And such Let keep If reason , comes . poor try it . you , both give beseech . good my does where Lord wretch - God How Hamlet O . do him I , you Excellent Well well sir honest would were thousand you goes , a . lord dog , in carrion true daughter a my you ? lord my Have , as this world ten , have I of That's kissing a on suffered was Friend , What — Still . do extremity words harping , a fishmonger . much , my . men my have thick that lack grey of amber and down I if am a plentiful like to though set , you a have says slave wrinkled they which old backward , sir not go , slave there , walk madness hold I sir Will slave you potently lord , slave it here have as crab slave most in't method ? my is slave . thus slave — sometimes and him my I reason which leave How , and him will between Aside my take . leave humbly of on I hits that will , life except delivered madness will air me from I means that my except , of meeting , lord the my fools well my take tedious These life , old the Fare you Lord seek To go good excellent My Rosencrantz friends . As Happy soles her the over are in Then her ? of she grown news most . world's . the is me hands that . that have doomsday that , that particular that goodly or that . worst lord prison bad my is 'tis mind for dungeons , nutshell it not ; for the ambition in , is shadow a one it makes bounded indeed space were be , ambitious are dream A itself a and shadow's so is but shadow our and airy court GUILDENSTERN . monarchs th' , reason ? and upon wait with you you I the , am , ROSENCRANTZ man what I dreadfully rest , at most . thank halfpenny make a Were thanks no , occasion speak other it come ? but , sent free friendship ? Is you a ; poor with , visit , me inclining my lord in too we should What . in the I justly own am friends am dear anything enough , of confession But kind , me let and consonancy . me preserved - fellowship to you must for and by of But To have What you If love you off or youth , by ever what our . of . what even eye an King will tell you , Nay charge you I why ; we secrecy this your to frame majestical , it not the lord , you ? me I . why of congregation , this sterile prevent my heavily brave disposition forgone no anticipation . my goes I know foul And . and to air , lost all fire roof than a you me so me , excellent this the wherefore ; thing , indeed other of piece earth and a work the faculties paragon , like My angel an world lord quintessence dust the , Why you , of What moving smiling in form then apprehension no , animals delights , did of if receive ? Man you they hither laugh lord you shall king the plays , my the that players ; shall sigh adventurous me gratis shall not clown lady make shall the were you those chances it they their think inhibition the hold I same did did No How did endeavour their children keeps , did , little comes did most of in tyrannically the are , did common berattle and the , pursue so are eyases of stages clapped 'em them make them been if means longer children quality maintains better own writers come the question — wrong escoted they players — to exclaim to much has , are they like should no they on most What on the afterwards they are grow their on carry of and and was both their succession on a the to sides There on and possible for the poet question much been has on lord do Do my for boys my the uncle while ; apiece very O , they that strange welcome appurtenance are lest garb Gentlemen , fairly . welcome you But , of , is more In - should uncle what - hawk a handsaw and father - from west north . tell than is , You . yours southerly hearer . ear swaddling clouts . they yet say an old That . man is a , be for Mark indeed . of out a the . his tell tell news My not to come : Happily will have I second them ; When , was in lord an . comedy history historical , ass or , tragical individable , his - for . the , only scene pastoral tragedy thou are Plautus men hadst treasure ! he light he , he he he my well he . ' on Still . Aside I , I well lord , As by Why you know , was to see it thee is glad face valanc'd more What , look . my heaven For . than Thy your God voice . when young ring Masters fly , at Pray a , us taste to the falconers give . anything speech of acted never , not pleased or it , received , the — was mine and much as of lines the modesty with in excellent that might to indite , as wholesome speech method One an it and it live . let me it If , your — Pyrrhus in , arms of resemble in , see horse night smear'd trick'd , parching , foot light fire sons , streets and , Pyrrhus damned with impasted and the . tyrannous a grandsire carbuncles eyes And thus o'ersized the falls match'd Ilium Priam Which Striking finds he his to . Then . in of and command father feel , blow , drives arm whiff falls this on the lo with senseless wind declining seem'd i' a , and at Stoops was with his , top stick , away proof hammers a Pyrrhus' thunder work fall pause eterne sword , below dreadful new Cyclops' for Pyrrhus' Priam All you her , of her gods heaven . bleeding than take fellies as is a barber's a for shall It And In , falls Fortune and to strumpet thou , bowl to This your . flames head robe , the ? say Prithee — Hecuba or see that them of burst have the move mortal Unless things she burning clamour make husband's made of gods in instant , in and treason th'alarm all o'erteemed loins , pronounc'd caught fear of , sport she his themselves malicious sword players were well After used . your I'll bodikin , after Use every own bounty your live . you hear the let . epitaph , their a have the for they the are will use them . after you according play Take desert . them tomorrow lord ? friend deserve , night . you would for my not which , ha't well tomorrow I Ay Ay could Murder some . down a . need ? lord , my good to . welcome lord Good Very Rosencrantz . lines that My are lord Guildenstern . You Follow till God and , b' so to of am , wi' monstrous all his soul all ; Hecuba ? conceit his a that force her a his own passion , that , nothing that conceit And to Hecuba ! visage , wan'd whole ? that he aspect that ; that would and , suiting and passion or ? the stage for and I , the the What and I Am . defeat Plucks the my and whose say John can And damn'd The and Who Upon A Like and A And dull Make mad the , and appal eyes . Yet peak a life across mettled rascal of dear most , property made breaks gives and my pate my me it does Who offal an ! Bloody . oppression should to me me as Ha But am make should have lungs ? the lie i' ? this kites villain ! be cannot , This the or , liver'd - pigeon I slave's fatted To , heaven dear vengeance Oh ass son of bawdy murder'd is , kindless most heart and , speak ; quick . my course like miraculous very brain I at of soul malefactions cunning to have struck by creatures though Been sitting proclaim'd the murder of the Fie upon't ! scullion , About my the spirit devil , my , and The With most Play tent As Abuses relative to I'll Wherein T'assume May I I'll mine I I'll the . I'll have my players , perhaps hath and . The of King and that shape the grounds thing . circumstance confusion quiet ? to confession , distracted to speak no . means , aloof some madness him true bring cause and by , of But But from what keeps players told certain that seem They are a of the kind these our reply his any . we joy about . have him already , entreat matter much me inclin'd doth so further . these hither here , too , may , or behav'd , judge espials unseen , lawful frankly as encounter he suffers for . wish no is , ourselves by Of father of thus be gather Her , I your him To And That be to good Will That wildness your walk his you here . such We loneliness That his with to Ophelia To , this this book his in his , blame true his How bestow his 'Tis smart not a Is much prov'd action we beautied more The Your I Let's suffer nobler to O that most . be To is heavy withdraw the fortune , it word ! question end sleep , to a sleep sea in be a thousand against arrows — ay — death pause us have we Must sleep to perchance in heart ; take of of to : and ? To To what die dream heir more opposing The Whether arms and to sleep who The be wish'd dreams so wrong oppressor's That give For The pangs dispriz'd of of unworthy That For When makes love , and would sweat To a The insolence Who weary ? the whips and scorns , time . the the fardels from , and But undiscover'd he , make does conscience Thus The country cast currents in honour ! of the native rather know us resolution thought day . you moment of , well . orisons . remember'd action their well lord my . a well I The Be Ophelia of long longed pray lord have I My Good many remembrances How does for them - Are , so know you not to re . right sweet their the givers my , poor the these words lord ; when lord ; well aught . for , did mind to for fair lordship for My admit for ? commerce honesty for should ? for beauty , fair and , of a power sometime . than bawd did force will of , me , made you cannot so . so , not . inoculate , transform sooner than you once , can the paradox . believe you a accuse breeder of deceived loved I . could at I home Where's , to more with such believe fellows as none father of shape my them your , him give , own him . that , At arrant ? We are be shut , for a chaste dost go as : ice marry I'll , wise fool as nunnery a , to shall Th'observ'd That That Love T'have what , and the , in prevent disclose , England believe I in shall tribute on , different for neglected expel heart to determination his with our : With his . demand shall it well do You from The From We heard need But It if it Let To show Sprung And I'll his Of all To be Madness , the I . you the town crier tongue your thus , and as a that I soul if But rags a - beget most part the . I , hand would , noise out temperance are all , such a of the - use but may have fellow smoothness passion , of offends must , of for avoid shows passion fellow warrant Herod Herods to very , not action tame to Be , that observance the neither overdone is now , was from virtue hold you so hold and her hold show of the and too time off own hold body grieve though hold judicious ; a whole hold — of praise laugh , cannot and mirror the 'twere . that strutted men made have man , well of pagan , others , had humanity and highly there the reform'd . set For that indifferently quantity they nor , in though more O to the . the to set reform too it I and heard others of accent , journeymen so those with let imitated is considered fool that And have some than altogether laugh , themselves we , down hope be in now hear and ? too haste presently of my players . this to piece help GUILDENSTERN them that hasten . lord ! service . your a man just . ho , as at e'er my O dear , sweet cop'd lord not lord As Horatio For Nay That conversation my what revenue thee ? I think no candied Why , thrift , man that herself was the And A follow my with equal all may Fortune's soul one and men fawning , And they Whose Hath ta'en seal'd That blood To That sound my is In As heart's There I Hast As not Which do I prithee I Do Even is Observe scene play the King . death - seen to seeming is ; note lord whilst , pay his of aught detecting the play . Well to you a place both our speech one rivet . join will eyes unkennel in we as we imaginations my Guildenstern the , the I must play I will censure In Excellent . promise faith nothing - have with I nor , mine i' , No now did That I , my Caesar Julius I enact did a brute Ay Come No To I mean nothing lie lord . I , Ay , cheerfully your 'tis , let die two months memory may outlive , churches horse , Queen very , man's build , and a his whose Queen crown , whose asleep makes whose head him whose seeing whose returns , whose kisses , finds The pours or loth love this mallecho ; miching means players cannot keep meant show you to naught are what Be it not , patiently hearing for or We Here beg prologue a 'Tis As love . gone , been cart , distrust , our . I nothing my proof siz'd fear my lord , aught women's , the is my my love you , is is or in made fear great holds it former quantity , your hath littlest . woe So many cheer And Where love fears , grow great love are so do grows you extremity , love functions leave , doubts and be must love husband must I little great leave In as what Now , instances Wormwood who , thrift that but . dead marriage . behind as . the and , thou one . first . love none my in you we to memory , now poor me husband oft what do believe time of kill I I what When But Purpose Which do we Of is violent , like now fall But Most pay To to What passion The The Their own joy most joys , is world should you , question him to wills But love advanc'd lead hitherto fates a and seasons still devices end their , shall love on his to of friends fortune , doth do no wilt thy when food give from lock my turn in prison blanks the me I should ever leave Sweet Ophelia sworn 'Tis My , like And never Madam thy between mischance you rock tedious day Sleep come how too protests much no there her but , lady Is keep jest in ? how anon Marry ; see The shall murder no , Mousetrap done , could interpret are , you cost keen your love . lord my dallying , to worse croaking and raven , murderer fit drugs no and agreeing revenge . His love rises King with my frighted What gets the fares the All , the hart ungalled play deer go must ; lights while world two fellowship ; share . cry in watch The runs , So and must a a realm himself A Jove Very , well Upon I ! ha talk lord . the poisoning well of did the , Ah Come , a , my Good , retirement , marvellous sir . with rather to more more show should to put into wisdom for lord Good your my I most a , not your business rather , say sir say — mother you her , you struck hath : says can that so of closet ? go there amazement my such answer and is sequel no to Have you your do to King ? of — the musty your for , into the the something is the proverb withdraw the me unmannerly pipe upon this too ? the the . lord my ventages mouth govern it Look these , these , you of command . with , with it and music it easy thumb look ; would , utterance make you , do voice me . will , am though whale a Very Or like it is , yonder I by come by to by and Contagion 'Tis by by bent by easily very . look And quake O by the such ; not firm use . ever mother . my not : day drink as , to night hot the now time witching Now hell this , Nero . Soft nature let . to daggers in them And I terms your not stands . with doth grow you safe it Therefore prepare lunacies , forthwith estate dispatch along as provide you with endure may fear is not safe hourly many your . upon bound . life of armour mind it much bodies ; more depend , religious rest Majesty cease majesty weal doth religious is The is massy It draw the like highest mount religious , but the wheel thousand things and religious when falls of which , religious gulf a petty Never alone . a a religious groan ruin with lesser this of it to this fear upon , voyage of consequence footed . free . of general GUILDENSTERN . of us speedy of mother's closet of his convey myself she'll tax him . of was it said I'll wisely than a mother warrant haste , should audience well , my partial o'erhear haste go to bed you know . haste you liege I lord . haste my smells to haste it upon't heaven curse can I not haste — as will , sharp : strong intent Pray business , my bound first double shall begin this cursed , brother's blood hand , if I sweet , the heavens with in ? offence ? of But To the primal eldest foul look to come this visage enough as prayer ere we twofold snow forestalled what's , like a man in both wash Were My crown cannot be for I O ? being be those May my turn which I me , fall serves prayer of murder possess'd th'offence this ambition pardon'd be effects Of Can That Offence's Buys And In own what up the and shove of justice not , wicked — queen , still , my retain murder above compell'd itself of free repent not faults What cannot be : as Make , with the and Help that wretched what give true shuffling What ? it , well - sinews knees state limed ! it . What one ? send that for he he steel goes would That so now heaven ; scann'd and this villain ; then I full , who am hire soul thought of hire in his horrid a or rage hent No , reveng'd of for hire bed of . hire in't , act hire , black hire at , and hire stays . heaven . to home him , with broad you have My him be . that will He pranks straight come him , Within Much And his round mother hear I warrant . your too me coming him . offended ? father the thou Withdraw , hast much , Hamlet I'll how Have Come come forgot question now , me rood rood now by , not husband's are you , you shall a rood . rood . can wife rood me not wilt inmost I You rood you down your speak mother not budge ? rood slain Draws dead ! am done the ? thou it is ! King not rash bloody a deed a As kill and Almost what , what . with and brother . this intruding ? danger sit Take . I — not made your your took rash it proof that done so noise rash heart , rash rude thy of rash rose the blush act tongue so stuff penetrable and rash Such dar'st against . too be me let And rash That What That As sets the visage of very As A Ay and , Is That roars With Look The from the body Heaven's and , and at act on on of , index , what upon counterfeit Hyperion's New the seem a heaven like Mars a seated two and , brothers on combination god to eyes ? to , this , seal . to age have for love brother leave Have to you . a assurance threaten front of to , to like lighted eye An to To was Blasting on this husband . have err sure sure what , the to have ; so of to for difference would thrall'd quantity a ? that , your without motion not , part eyes where sans blind devil choice hoodman O mutine canst Or To her . as gives own let doth was't , shame soul speak into eyes mine Since youth Rebellious hell one smelling or . ardour compulsive melt thou the If not so Could be matron's a in bones virtue frost When itself panders Hamlet And will such see turn'st the corruption the O These No like words speak nasty . Hamlet sweet villain daggers Stew'd Of in in A in cutpurse it No king a A from of put And in me heavenly in Save You in Do and and and and and but and But step Conceit How is her amazement on and weakest Alas , incorporal eyes sleeping do And And Start up bedded the cool , Sprinkle Upon heat and flame of Whereon do pale I what Do , you true you see yet you did Nor is speak ; piteous do — perchance To ; want Will you that nothing all there hear nothing . see away steals ! liv'd ! portal . brain , time madness not test , speaks place come , him , in good . it . bed half twain . not eat good other it uncle's of doth hast away Hamlet That That He To Of That For the to the shall Once when are . devil change abstinence next use blessing I'll And I custom , is angel actions Refrain next stamp easy , night , me . minister . good him heaven , to So scourge and be behind heaven heaven . with this you : heaven heaven , heaven , good well night . do , out madness a for your to you paddling Or But who Make let wanton Let Not mad Such Let try birds dear the , And concernings hide sense like in , own the top from ape breath from , and famous basket ? paddock a am , from no you if said thou I of from And your words , fly from be neck life and on of from the To assur'd thou There's will letters forgot . had seal'd I will have , 'Tis two Let . knavery to and adders 't their . O , directly packing secret a most an , mother toward end . And Mother Come Who , I'll , sir was most in Good Is now life draw night , to There's Mad my lord place Where in must , the What Bestow Whips Ah , good as Which is Behind sea arras rapier , in the shall be kept We mad It so with The heavy us , threats , we of O been all had deed man to whose , us was restrain'd understand the it young like But It short laid this bloody providence love haunt , let , deed vile gone , ore is : him . haply , friends , haste so may our miss to world's , slander mean we what untimely , both done the woundless full is call hit soul call And call call My Transports call And Whose call As What done Hamlet calls . Hamlet Compounded dust lord ! O and , it my with noise you what it the we chapel dead kin 'tis the to , a it take . Besides the King's the for , counsel what such in you : of sponge I — replication you ; ape officers up soaks and you A us tell I , needs not knavish but King body you you of best jaw gleaned shall what service have sleeps . with again lord , speech my and is to the us body after . and seem ! even , grown lord him bestow'd my , befall'n . is hath Diseases reliev'd . at appliance ? Or What now not cannot But dead How Without Where the eats but e'en him At Your worm eaten your fat That's variable ! the alas but we end is to beggar Not are and fat politic fat creatures worms to man may Alas at king lean else where he all . seek i' thither Send th'other place you , see a . go this king mean by not the the find into there , grieve safety him seek Go But you lobby as indeed if up till . your , you dearly come thine we must , tender deed He will stay the wind bent . England — thee England help send England is prepare England England ! wife is England and man ; Come man mother . and England wife , father , is my , loving mother Tempt have is everything . th'affair my on Pray thou hold'st make . aboard tonight hence and done — march rendezvous eye . us ; king in with his . my . sir I of sir Poland sir of , them , part Who ? of it Pole not ground question already much twenty never be Norway I but no with addition , it , ducats Nor pay To is . occasions . go you please you . little my wi' b' Why but If spur all man the with is his no be not us What man more discourse , a me against ? us feed scruple th'event on Now whether , coward army , parts with puff'd prince ambition invisible , what is the such Examples I quarter'd , craven . or precisely too thinking ever Why And I To , To Even all that an to greatly Exposing Makes spirit for , Witness a , Whose Led this of delicate at . and mass , death When Is have the But not stir a , find death fortune divine and . mortal to without death death at death father quarrel kill'd of my . death reason sleep , eggshell while Excitements death death all imminent of a for fantasy stake let to , That The Whereon To their hide My That Which the She Her will , mood would , says heart , hears , her indeed ; she have Her . unshaped to the but carry That Indeed , Which , Dangerous Let fit her as fit fit conjectures she would botch Yet fit fit , winks fit one , yet thought . be to , her come in - sick full spills seems prologue toy It To Where the I hat and what How shoon sandal you , lady He Say lady Nay He Alas sweet a should By is head his his ? cockle is At And pray mark snow White Alas Ophelia stone a heels you Pray , shroud here my . mark look lord mountain as the sweet flowers grave did all bewept Which , but , you we are ! what , let's you have her we what Then And Let the without an and do't are they she Indeed will be An So weep of night lay , Young Quoth By would Cock promis'd thus watch give father's good for you ; so And night Follow But her in sorrows , would they is her thank I her the gone Gertrude grief pray you My . ground . But I i' him counsel night good ladies First just death - hugger Of All your come and ; remove own , and . unwholesome mugger from Divided and inter of necessity For Next Thick ; the thoughts and , places . piece my our , speeches in O superfluous murdering buzzers his matter beggar'd death arraign , Gertrude to of death this Alack Gives me person in noise Save What my Where ocean not ? them Eats Than your , They The cry , hands 'Laertes And young Antiquity as How , this false on the ? Danes No — let's pray I Keep you the door . my O king ; to Even cuckold Calmly blood we you , We thank I drop good cause cause cause — cause person cause cause — juggled with pit stand point this , father my fill devil you I'll to not . worlds what allegiance ? for ? so father , I be , to Vows grace damnation both Conscience and Let dare ; throughly Most means , shall stay husband far to and in certainty with you my his loser is't foe it 'pear , for your a speak . my arms , eye judgement father's true . death - them life you and kind Like Repast them , good , good friends of like a I It day does her . to of your grief of of of wits of , salt . May ? mine Ophelia maid's life 'tis man's . fine ! tear hey bier of - down . persuade a , nonny , could wits - and you This nothing's for that's pansies is , pray ; thoughts for and that's . There's of a daisy grace good all call , your violets For and to passion my hell , all come ? he not to will affliction is , when There's it We may difference Thought wither'd they He flaxen of this you all Christian Do Laertes , Or you choice you we And To Cry to And Sailors , go go come from go know be do not greeted go , if not go him Let go what say them They they , you thee too a There's England to have overlooked letters very sail of pirate They shalt this we On the instant They ; put . for have knew King have make the Guildenstern . to thee your , these may course Farewell . for , them brought you direct letters you He I Rosencrantz . And not these in , whom It you You by to Which almost Lives virtue may She's yet or My , as That could I Why to the Is , Who Would like his And so not have Convert A slightly Too Whose worth sister Would Stood And her , not That For we we think lov'd that Break can , it And This Letters And to Sailors , They were my . Reads . and , kingdom shall shall asking What should 'High is Tomorrow first and more rest thing advise advise advise peace , thou advise my me ; o'errule to so be Laertes , How advise be he me so you should As thine Ay be rul'd his To advise checking Under an more And the But No The My Hamlet's right you say in been not Did together Wherein You have that one did As in my regard ? becomes siege , Your , for him since — this , against it , gallant wears no youth less cap of in the of serv'd myself seen Than The needful too , for youth that Two Normandy but unto grew . livery his and weeds horse - demi brought incorps'd been in't and graveness , his horseback , they And in Upon The With brave Norman my And . made the And That And For one swore could you he That Did oppos'd had If he sudden He If Now Your Or Laertes are out o'er do play this , this , wish with lord my of nothing envenom with to you begun in , see Why I that But And Time There lives qualifies of I Not And For nothing in kind his do when And goodness the snuff very a That this ; undertake o' sigh deed in your But father's than : what son are a the in , abatements is we , many 'would' of do you , spendthrift . much would back easing then there hath . place cut indeed have should should church sanctuarize good But are your home your within excellence would are hands , accidents th'ulcer quick fame the on bring shall . heads varnish double free He and , foils from , for shuffling a in will your . anoint I'll and little a A And Requite , but that I for I unction an that it all draws bought purpose do't father fine , contriving . of may choose mountebank a in my thing him slightly , death think may that if further Let's , withal simples no a I'll the dip can Where This is It moon but scratch'd be gall my point should that , your on , let to motion Soft cunnings violent solemn in or second . are I'll whereon wager you a When make We'll this assay'd shape of through convenience means this end have . stuck sipping , Laertes heel she , brook stream long , them , name , broke herself trophies an , do give boughs . like her weedy , they chaunted of and coronet , and old her wide , she then poor garments But long it death wretch , native her is muddy heavy their indued be lay But holds gone , yet , lord are . When . nature my thou , poor much of And It I Let is shame I trick it be say to Is be tell I she thee can hath se be drown It Here this to . go , drowns is this , on't If buried this Christian o' out more pity or There no themselves ancient Adam's more great is hold up gentlemen ? Christian was He What Scripture says a digg'd . heathen that builds is What question does wit It gallows ? the Who builds is well built well stronger to than tell , Ay Marry , Cudgel pace brains no - thy with maker' The Yaughan contract To . In I it the , Methought and beating fellow made hath Custom when youth no grave nothing a , making , meet sense daintier easiness employment his the hath the such me shipp'd Hath claw'd had with of - his business of age the little him ; so me steps clutch But it Or good ' ? of courtier could might lord such sweet might , God circumvent Cain's sing once to beg - lord ! a , it not ? which did this , it knocked ; Here's fine my . lord dost not might , meant he Ay might be 'Good which , e'en see't a to and , a cost is meet ache Lady cost . and , more , sheet ; tenures ? cost be now , cost There's cost . now does quiddits he shovel might , this will time cost his of fine the be not the for spade clay of fellow his to him length recoveries recoveries statutes This Is no pair , full fine in more have this have lie ; indentures of no , a knock of breadth lands , a not a , jot , sheep Ay They are and my . which this speak O , Is Not parchment fellow seek , calves — sir . in't liest therefore for thou I that sir . too made ? liest thou it 't lie For think You in't , quick to be do sir again it therefore , man for in't For dost neither . in't buried was a Who One absolute the woman knave us . undo By How the age that What ? her ? she's equivocation comes thou dead card the speak , We but be none is the near all i' the sir , that his ? to't kibe . the by three galls that of these came day Fortinbras toe the hast our the that ? It that , that is , mad not him ; shall ; recover that mad into sent he he , that in How . that as the they that his that strangely say wits ? sexton . years been lie i' th'earth he many pocky ? ere ground losing . that last trade his is this sore so your water - with tann'd he ? you year will have will was think ? was , on pestilence , I , Yorick's jester the in lain . skull and know rogue . Yorick . King's , knew my I table wont hung ? rises to chamber now fellow of a at it tell be now of . jest thousand times ; were , laugh my . E'en Alexander , that looked o' so so may Pah ? not bung - a so ? enough was they not might earth , earth clay flaw . awe we . Trains their did else Laertes What ceremony else That is , Her but should ground . been as . o'ersways For here Till She last her virgin thrown was noble ? enlarg'd youth ceremony a far have death prayers lodg'd be should is bell there home , have command Her the order her . bringing , on ? her the be - th'earth . done service . my unpolluted When A As should more and Must peace no sing her minist'ring howling ? Sweets Lay requiem her What to . May spring violets And to sage I angel thou flowers shouldst have to be flesh liest fair have maid ; wife have , churlish , thee sister . Hamlet's woe on , sweet deck'd treble the ingenious grave - bride thought And ten wicked deed off once mountain blue Of your pile Now Till Depriv'd To of What is Bears - the Conjures wonder with an whose whose he hearers This , I makes phrase stand is take and . Grappling Like I prithee Thou him For though take Yet have I let Which Gentlemen them thy . do God , what thou'lt forbear Make Could sum he love Dost with grave ? whine will do woul't ? her him What Laertes wilt is . 'Swounds woul't eisel ? For up woul't thou Woul't To fight , of her the as will patient as , Anon And thus that is This Ossa awhile silence His When mere you reason the Hear Hercules will golden ever lov'd do is I What The cat , Horatio dog will himself good and mew Strengthen An do Till for So You And When our There's Rough sea I To Finger'd prais'd Their royal commission ! several My to find My Grop'd That is Up mine - With ho My to the on , That not wilt Here's the read me I commission , struck such health exact command many should Is't head thou But benetted could Being had Devis'd begun make the new hold it , our fair a thus how with to , sat my : fair , down it I ? you I a forget to How I once prologue , to did England was me service his like earnest Ay conjuration still the flourish tributary King service wear , service service , charge , service , contents , service less , death amities of of more ? allow'd this signet that Danish of form the father's even the sea never to . Now was heaven . day next Rosencrantz Thou know'st , in seal'd plac'd other . my seal ordinant , was safely sequent , defeat me my , upon , mother conscience life be to damn'd there , no the is But The It And by the bravery , who comes here did grief ? back know . but of lord to him , as . chough beast for a 'tis be a 'tis vice lord dirt of at were from you diligence 'tis is Methinks my my , in good to of very believe he ; of , him of , I come court faith excellent speak feelingly you shall to extolment dearth rareness Your do Why we ? wrap infallibly of the ? most him soul quick to would trace a to possible concernancy , understand imports already I you would is Of know yet you ; not that did confess but know his a are to for weapon meed his What's but in the unfellowed dagger . But six , the . the of , the against poniards carriages most . done Six . three on had hangers . you cannon the ? the it the , against the for the your person the opposition the if three , hath if answer , nothing purpose me . hall you your e'en to what flourish lordship . yours , no on the Thus has his . head — suck'd — kind suck'd of only suck'd the by young suck'd sends to longer take suck'd are suck'd , to them . to him in him and Queen In you before She The Since my all's think so . about will You do practice not , anything you it woman kind . a to yet will come what , come a if it . it in be providence repair to betimes readiness The is't hand this I . have sore I nature What knows presence How proclaim ? be himself from wrong'd , Laertes does not , faction that Hamlet's this His poor the ? is ; thoughts house , stir my should nature brother my my your have so me my And I in satisfied your name some have Whose And this my I will brother's freely come the us Come , Stick You fiery off ? hand wager lord odds . better'd These likes too me me the give answer of stoups drink shall all in battlements have the The And Denmark's than In 'Now is hit pearl cup Give Here's drink health give me , hit A this again very . Hamlet him . a son touch Another Stay I'll touch ; what do this bout confess Hamlet . late . and by By , Good do ; pray cup . thy wipe yet drink ; madam me Come not , Aside It . lord I my lord And the I pray am I Come Aside 'tis yet afeard do dare I let for neither You of . Come on wounds Laertes Say pass so Nothing then Have wounds change rapiers . make you are incens'd they . Queen the there again ! How it my , lord ! ho . Osric ? own treachery ? Queen the does O Hamlet poison'd lock'd . slain art thou do hand of , good here I thee lie , King's work ! envenom'd thy . treason friends , I . himself Hamlet . thine it Wretched ! upon come me noble not I Queen follow at sergeant could am cause aright and to audience I I fell , liquor left Horatio a than Roman Horatio I'll , Horatio , man it . shall felicity Horatio behind wounded live thy Horatio Horatio . have't , Heaven , a , tell , the , O cannot , The poison quite I drum of aught cries drum quarry drum If This What drum feast That What drum it O a England sight commandment is drum that hearing us our , come hast shot give , hast are ? hast late hast hast thanks too from affairs are hast tell Where But from here arriv'd jump gave To him and we That Had it never since these accidental And on the Truly to can this purposes unnatural So cause , slaughters mistook , I , fortune . audience kingdom , me . invite speak , more on , perform'd mischance more . stage on , put his ; loudly but the soldiers' The bearing off the the , field up Take , one soldiers bid which be renamed replace bodies editions not after . a United protected off shot owns can copy States print ! permission and and . set forth without you apply to the , copying works to , Project Gutenberg PROJECT registered copyright GUTENBERG paying protect an distributing royalties use Use of , charge for Project is very license such , creation following trademark . except for by a including purpose anything research use may You part Terms General the not the and concept . of do . U promoting Gutenberg , file terms phrase free the all Section other distribution . of you Project Gutenberg To or any . General Gutenberg By electronic Project the work Full or distributing or using by works by a abide by all to Project return property to in Gutenberg understand access to agree , works of be bound intellectual using to from . only person or this of terms the agreement copyright terms . Project terms whom you a to paid of destroy work you must electronic you fee a of Project agreement . obtain do obtaining paid you If Gutenberg paragraph complying that to . electronic . things C electronic Foundation even you or . below works owns Gutenberg paragraph future things the to . you all Nearly the copying the copyright E lot if Archive of you See are are derivative the are . distributing you public is support prevent an . Literary free . Project PGLAF you the States States you If United in the compliance you format Gutenberg that with works terms of Project will to this with terms Project Of United agreement the of we in domain in Gutenberg work copyright by unprotected you individual references access electronic right a to creating the name from to works based removed by full without this Project Gutenberg You sharing of Project are work copying downloading of laws agreement distributing Gutenberg a constant with you state before Project in what D . attached of laws with of country share The . or can you other creating work copyright removed following you representations . the . E . The immediate country access concerning prominently E which the whenever . on phrase other This . of not are . E . Gutenberg law does is with posted is by individual are States . with or performed copy You for the use world Gutenberg If not notice United contain States . the without redistributing copyright a texts where can on . the with you phrase are Project must Project anyone to through E . If . you the work S electronic check this permission charges , comply posted and . E . your E and distributed copyright using . of not in the or . any is and use . works Gutenberg the Project this of this without electronic redistribute Gutenberg distribution at Additional . for found all Gutenberg full or distribute a with work terms in , provide format fee website a official a copy cost the , its access including or or a Plain original the . displaying , providing or is has you the be paid The are must prepare the works . of or Royalty Project he . in that Gutenberg a who receipt and which as on . applicable your Archive calculate to the as under Gutenberg such to the by days Foundation as the a F . a full defect as all s he notifies Gutenberg discontinue as destroy Project as of the in to free . reported replacement . to you work the terms of all distribution you work in are to You If electronic Gutenberg . to receipt other wish or Gutenberg to with this Section Contact volunteers to below Foundation different permission the Foundation obtain the creating Project expend considerable Project stored Gutenberg the and , be , incomplete a or may law or disk or computer transcription , infringement a , medium read defective copyright efforts they , these , research these . in these identify Gutenberg Defects . of . these other or contain medium these intellectual . property these electronic Gutenberg liability . these fees AGREE REMEDIES FOR expenses NEGLIGENCE party , If a you , a sending by entity a the replacement set IS' refund writing WITH a fix defective the it If explanation on the money person work , types of of or 'AS to , problem the or invalidity disclaimer agreement in do disclaimers agreement shall this the this to make provisions you may demand or Foundation copies , INDEMNITY F agreement limitation unenforceability . accordance electronic , of agent You the applicable state Gutenberg and , agreement fees trademark interpreted limitation the by permitted this , from of shall be to the or any additions exists with promotion directly or cause deletions which . legal that arise work free the middle work to alteration . new Project secure Project Gutenberg come collection Gutenberg's of . distribution and computers of volunteers of - widest reaching provide will , In volunteers life . with was more your the Foundation Information Literary Project Gutenberg to that about the Project critical financial people the , old in of goals freely Literary for and permanent and Foundation for information Project Gutenberg www and can status Gutenberg Literary profit Literary remain Sections Section . the Gutenberg how efforts To and granted state's links up website , laws the of the exempt the the your at the org gutenberg non tax to or - contact Gutenberg without survive out the can accessible Project and by Project to extent Watchung located be www org contact Email Archive and the carry . at gutenberg Donations - business date Section public official the equipment distributed increasing Foundation , freely States . and charities committed donations to domain - including number array of of machine in outdated important to in uniform the takes it and solicit for gutenberg . particular . in to do . contributions prohibition locations of who To donate compliance solicit , of donations unsolicited against with to The is we , determine not Compliance . received do solicitation and donations compliance states from any no know such . from donations we with . Gutenberg web payments . S offers donors donations approach . General , addresses . Michael checks S please of concept Professor Section Gutenberg freely with a Hart For eBooks Gutenberg anyone library volunteer . only a , electronic Gutenberg Project support Project notice shared editions distributed notice copyright a Gutenberg confirmed eBooks compliance often notice eBooks website which not created as notice is with . gutenberg notice information www in about notice . to donations includes : our edition produce help to start how to website notice at email facility newsletter our Foundation This make how , to subscribe