! and there me Stand Stand come struck . Stand yourself Stand Stand Stand Stand , Get thee upon your hour Have this relief you am much And Not rivals a . bitter cold make Friends to Stand ho ! haste . them . there ? Dane soldier And liegemen Give , bid Marcellus and ground . I think I hear them . you Holla what Say has my Horatio , good Marcellus ? tonight him . us of , and speak to come apparition not , assail ears , 'twill down once night burns course then bell it Peace In the Thou Most it like Did art What Question usurp'st this , By . away ! 'Tis that majesty heaven I speak . offended answer . speak charge thee ? and own the like art the avouch . an ; dead hour watch . know scope eruption and this Why So nightly why toils for , the from whose this that joint inform week sweaty ? day haste the cannon : to , appear'd can I , me labourer , Our of valiant esteem'd , compact seal'd emulate , in , who , life his ; our , the stood with seiz'd which ; inheritance by the carriage , him had all , of article young full and , other it , lands hand strong appear compulsatory , recover a For So by , Is father motive our this main the this I , think - and this and in , the , watch , of But his watch lost this portentous that question watch the mind's : chief like these wars . watch . watch watch , mightiest palmy our so the eye fell , blood streets dews empire with and , of Rome , moist events eclipse stands , on demonstrated . again doomsday to almost precurse and climatures behold ! hast thou If If , But cross I'll Unto our , any sound ease thing to good , and . to privy happily , Stay , Marcellus ! my you . oft earth if , Do strike 'Tis not will 'Tis majestical , violence so , invulnerable , mockery . summons fearful it about it offer it do We For To it wrong our have at spirit his - trumpet the and , in morn a to warning , sounding thing crew throat cock birth 'gainst made , and of probation ; abroad , the stir charm to power spirit gracious russet yon in do season that on Some then wholesome are nights fairy So Walks we Let in our him speak life to him , duty him find , morn mantle hill it with it eastward advice , my and have tonight , brother's . death morning conveniently and Attendant , fitting , our us of our kingdom befitted it , state dropping , woe , ourselves on . marriage dirge , auspicious 'twere of now , him our warlike with one and herein freely have and as Th'imperial Together sometime equal funeral , sister , jointress one In Or With With and a defeated joy in gone dole our . worth death , brother's pester late supposal young out and dream brother valiant by for To , gait his and lists Thus His Now the and father his He Colleagued not ourself much bearers You subject and The most our Lost this further Out , herein of here , suppress the rid is : we purpose bed uncle nephew's : full ; good you no his Of to we news commend dilated ; all To that Farewell , and , of We doubt it nothing , suit Denmark lord to , Laertes came thy mouth heart , you ? Laertes to ? with What us told Than Your leave To the hand What whence I father's lord seal'd my to must though From Dread And Have will beseech you My Yet my I leave from me my thoughts them the And He so , Take fair give ; to be less , Hamlet my — kind , Denmark off . dust colour too cast 'tis know'st for thy noble all . must friend vailed . on a nighted , kin and sun much am Hamlet for not Ay , my ! seems Passing through eye And Thou If it is thy . seems not . mother , common , so it particular not , be inky is I with thee , eye black in visage seem indeed grief ; show the man might bound . your mourning the But have that forms dejected fruitful moods denote they I but These For actions haviour a trappings commendable filial lost these must father impious shows It obligation his the to a unmanly to unschool'd a condolement . 'Tis common thing , unfortified must know Why A Fie , a 'tis our vulgar the should As Take For corse , absurd he that common to cried , earth pray you think of note , throne to our us today heaven , his bears For love take son your Wittenberg desire remain retrograde school our son . courtier cheer and comfort you you , lose prayers our you intent you you . Wittenberg . you . fair reply you whereof you that . Come . bruit grace Madam today into flesh solid the - too and the slaughter . God fix'd not had itself , Everlasting resolve that self , me to - stale 'tis ! rank : mother heaven ! my was to beteem not ; would hang Heaven winds and grown a is old ! within , tears wicked her flushing in speed ! sheets , my , like month father my with reason of , father's body she — tongue for for ; for , you for ? Wittenberg for Horatio sir for from Good — Wittenberg lord . say own are deep drink is hear , to my But my what , you yourself it truster my ear . my ? Elsinore you affair funeral father's your my , it ! my my bak'd . upon ere my , I not was furnish that marriage me mock lord see my see to had — day dearest forth follow'd hard mother's my . met I Indeed I think coldly ever father My , In Or Would , the I he ? my , foe The thrift Did I , He I like all , all goodly in again him ? King . his I ? King your a Who think look ; him . upon yesternight deliver while I you of witness marvel love together For Upon This , till may . attent God's and point before oppress'd exactly . and , on - pie , like cap and them fear ; secrecy did . of eyes , distill'd me fear they watch time , and made , in father your they good . this kept , to , was , address we watch yet did speak platform knew . I , methought . 'tis in duty morning sight strange our did do I As morning we you it writ , morning would haste away morning 'Tis vanish'd shrunk our very morning , To And from morning We , sirs , indeed let know down this watch and Hold O MARCELLUS , my lord toe from wore up . look'd he his his , you A his eyes upon pale very would And Pale fix'd Most had . it very one While amaz'd would It I like have I MARCELLUS and might beard His I , like I Not Longer tell no seen I sable I was grizzled saw't longer when I I A will Perchance 'twill I ; I ye . visit your duty Our as . your platform fare twelve still silence your peace though I my And If bid you it Let all still the then doubt Though Till My spirit to Your loves : o'erwhelm earth in play , me you let And foul my soul foul men's eyes come rise will were them A For Forward The violet it a and the and , sleep ; minute nature , fear , his , birth depends do ; state his be health for of on choice , this says , further , loves . the disclos'd youth in most liquid buttons are though lies none best rebels th'effect shall my wary to Youth As Himself And me Show I Do Whilst fear , not path primrose thorny to pastors reckless dalliance own not puff'd . rede . is upon Occasion , here The Laertes sits for . There shoulder Give thy no his thoughts no means . tried hoops their adoption of steel vulgar tongue memory thy , act of may reserve not the fancy oft apparel express'd not And Are loan select habit censure thy as ; rich can thy beware , but ; quarrel th'opposed to a every For and a generous proclaims , chief best of borrower they of For This Thou it above all : to edge both borrowing thine own you do invites ; and lock'd it said said . Ophelia have said Farewell . said said you : very said to he , well something hath , he said . late yourself and must . tenders . me late his in as circumstance green a tenders my , lord , such speak affection his teach have are sterling to crack ta'en not not thus Which — Running it he — you'll wind Tender . not lord And you fashion countenance blood catch holy his vows , to fashion go ; Lends in You Even , must their tongue to the all , given , The , Than . Be not to so be . his that you believe a . And may like better . Breathing But of dye . terms slander . obey lord . very air ? now an and bites a a , out rouse my , And to And This Makes I than and , of perform'd our it men attribute takes phrase : west born , it it Is though More though honour'd in of with indeed though in it vicious , cannot pales livery say manners the or be plausive by of I though habit birth nature breaking Or though in As The , though From that in , and that of stamp ; too — these as defect of dram The they of — a grace all As particular the infinite Being else virtues Nature's man Doth Shall of from airs thee Thou in such a . cerements bones , sepulchre death but ; ignorance ; the , us , blasts questionable O why quietly glimpses and fools moon complete may hearsed . call or heaven com'st thy their saw his up to reaches of steel nature ? Wherefore why , thou , shake beyond this So night op'd again of away impartment , desire with if To you with go with not it . that ? it , flood the base his you summit dreadful what the fee follow fear ? lord sea . every of puts more very you And That Which What if The shall , follow hands my thee . lord to fathoms waves And You on not Hold ; fate I am . as each And hardy , I'll , waxes away say rul'd shall artery in petty the cries out , go this nerve body . gentlemen , He ! Still By Let's heaven what fit Denmark of ? let's state in to thus . will I Mark is hour I to render When ghost thy I Pity Speak up Must up sulph'rous myself up . flames tormenting up and up serious up up , blood , spheres from to on part their lightest am nature forbid ! unnatural is murder ! porpentine be O father — as wings it . my my thy , so , this ease be , in know that Rankly abus'd stung serpent And A 'Tis given out itself duller That thou The O uncle thou sting process prophetic a serpent Is Wouldst not stir in forged his wit and , that my Ay With , his incestuous The So adulterate with , seeming most what mine lewdness , lust made it went But of Though O me , seduce wit of , From ; bed . morning orchard , my within always man mine , once . body All most wholesome blood quicksilver with did pour into bark'd vile was Thus disappointed but , doth of blood vigour droppings and a at crust it about unanel'd of queen of smooth even off Cut Of And curd , a And No With all O for couch hast reckoning of , The - sting If O horrible Adieu And , earth , else my , contrive well lodge , once , heart . near at bosom instant thee ? a ? old his the her in Remember Hold What Remember pressures past , all thy All O pernicious Yes of my heaven ! shall alone . smiling woman ! thee , seat ; Now be down remember . to ! live , Denmark ' , may , brain Within is It , I . Heaven Hamlet . MARCELLUS you adieu , lord ! me , come lord , him lord Good , lord ? heaven ! wonderful lord reveal . my , tell it , lord , I would , an But you'll , lord . by ? lord arrant villain heaven you'll you HORATIO be all the circumstance are But he's ne'er There's , as For , and business . at desire you for man , right us , come my so I And hold fit every you whirling , offence and I'll . words , offend heartily . heartily . here this what my there vision is now know that , me Horatio . us but Touching , Saint sorry they . is , Nay faith , you my known HORATIO We friends , lord my Nor I , my Upon Never What is't , will the stage . indeed already ? sayst ha We on Come Propose the swear in . the there , cellarage seen . have lord Beneath to this you , sword Never by my Swear ? upon . ground our sword , gentlemen heard . i' so fast it , But . heaven a as more therefore are as are day and your more Canst ! old , mole strange To at such Or hereafter That you we hereafter know and So hereafter hereafter hereafter With hereafter And still willing , shall fingers out I let's joint of was , your on to set . born him money will I this notes spite , and my these , lord Reynaldo in , friends . demands ; well very say demands , may , there and mean , demands , his knowledge distant will demands mark you none marry take demands ; ' ; I so and be he demands if't forgeries dishonour such , But As sir may , My You not is That must my may breathe of his fiery the and Of general A flash Marry sir lord should I know ? here's a a You 'twere these laying you is , you you But my you good you , you As you to ; and my country in the prenominate i' little in party He , By the He then saw or then There There was him , 'friend At Or So my you And of bait son by and wisdom this . carp of assays lecture former house or truth , now . you of out advice ? music . God lord ply him let Farewell As Pale And with a , had look his - name sewing doublet all foul'd to been horrors I so He so lord My goes he other so said by to falls He so , do so speak thy , so wrist of truly What the length thus o'er all held he mine down , go turn'd , his eyes light their And And his As And thrice And with his to draw sigh seem That little it — his did being end seem'd He For Come go Whose you afflict leads And That my good the property desperate fordoes am hard . I any letters me him better I made His have did That sorry him hath with . But beshrew and jealousy ! mad quoted to cast it am meant It And I This To must grief be known Welcome , him humour our in your pleasures of death it . What thus you up with court to may him thus , gather companies and you afflicts there of remedy . you glean our unknown within lies hath two much of us will will , visit of to gentle and Guildenstern presence gentlemen Go , and . instantly . you Rosencrantz some . is helpful where bring , from duty , to I you or and still my hath Hunts As And do to my , the to do — policy that long to . found of , soul this else that so Hamlet's that ; found . feast in them bring , your but other and we o'erhasty from , death of , my , sent 'gainst preparation , return which to he the , into your look'd against his in sickness Highness hand , and griev'd impotence and fine never in brief Majesty , obeys ; Polack found , out arms before Norway of Norway commission , to against overcome employ crowns , him Gives So an please dominions as such It likes us consider'd of for down ; we'll . read well together took : upon you your Meantime business , to This is home to be and should , since but waste brevity to nothing else art . less with define true is wit , mad of flourishes noble son mad go . that let true then I for , I , is And farewell That Who given , celestial Hath ill phrase and Now : from Came madam awhile will faithful have believe , move love . Adieu reckon , him to , is , show'd means by ear , and daughter , my . honourable what love , tell might , and dumb book - think sight , that think , I , I I I I , I — weakness tale of herself his I precepts star bespeak did went herself round I , I herself , herself her herself no tokens fruits my . a short herself the — 'tis be it Not that , that ' . find hid . I . I prov'd time , likely positively said if lead , me we try he the walks So At know may it indeed . four together hours her then to state a carters wretch poor . comes I board him , do does were my Not Then I , lord ? honest so would sir . to goes lord a lord . a is my man good a , a in maggots breed be Have sun That's true world , lord ? this ten , very have my a I walk For Aside . as daughter for read to Words words — was Friend a my ; first . Conception is fishmonger suffered I conceive Still on look He ? lord words do . much , All I hold which satirical matter For What the matter the gum , weak hams ; beards is that you a sir not old . I Between . most , I plum Will that out , of , and my Aside will , as it meeting between madness . air the o' out A the , I prosperously happiness so ! suddenly honourable contrive lord take , could cannot You that be of air grave madness ? hits me most from , well life that except I anything my . is take my except Fare will withal sir , my except You friends How Good . Rosencrantz the ! As excellent good we in indifferent Fortune's , of . strumpet a more question honest deserved my not good friends , me the hands ? one o' one are is is a bad and , worst my nothing , 'tis too . good either prison a . and I one there in which Denmark We none , Why being not you to ambition God ambitious , were bounded could be dreams A dream itself light that is it . a ? monarchs For to th' court for nutshell it , ambition is but ROSENCRANTZ and . my servants for and heroes , I attended . rest by outstretch'd . you you Come speak , at ? And Elsinore sent a but I thank Were But free nay lord not for have is . sent craft you , visitation You which Queen , by conjure our and , love me But even by , be consonancy . confession But , enough to , To let colour kind anything must , in looks your know of , will so , eye then to wherefore late , but secrecy we , not why and goes so heavily lost of have an for no off I Nay and , lord shall sent for . moult all it the majestical of most firmament appears , What and your this , seems to foul how . and form in the dust to god , neither of it o'erhanging why pestilent man , like congregation , and noble fire a and , in , action woman this in , golden express a , how how you me not animals lord My faculties an quintessence world you , Why , in delights smiling then laugh you in you there of ? think the you you if they , shall hither are from the adventurous shall you you to be gratis , her those shall lady you were of Even and the that for't say coming He me they How it travel was comes ? better the think their , the the laugh mind What . to take followed was in not are I ? rusty both , in innovation city late reputation they , the , that they stages clapped eyases it grow for't — are the afraid the they , rapiers berattle of call pace wonted little keeps , most pursue afterwards most , if their they them if , on their can — writers common own controversy better their . do against both There for to there to was to the ? about of the it escoted Will is they players do wrong holds money no in and , brains King apiece mouths at this while my Do they there is , has the much throwing it Hercules and ? Denmark of . lord , than , his more him , there than are than fairly garb of , But should uncle - like , with . than are . than I The than Elsinore the and dear handsaw than west - north hawk you , you clouts . That of not see the baby Guildenstern he's Happily to yet at north mad you but 'twas . child me have news When to Monday : out with swaddling an Mark is You in Rome indeed it old an you . buzz my . lord , history poem for too pastoral - each honour , his , of . unlimited , Then came , what a he historical historical heavy liberty Israel had the pastoral too world in - pastoral tragical Seneca cannot - nor are , for These individable , hadst men passing he Why and more ' treasure , daughter lord daughter , my treasure fair . Still , well my . Jephthah love which I , th' not on i' , a . follows you call lord me have not . my voice , Pray nearer friend I . is chopine of not cracked straight ladyship a , altitude thou . welcome mistress be a , to all you was . where look I like you anything Come within the , a , if million it pleased the and as remember , such caviare once . it the to well the for digested remember . matters , I — were the sallets down was play speech What top as — excellent others acted an no fine in there said one once quality have thee it I received mine lines was the honest to let If , of speaks at where now It loved especially When as by and . in savoury affectation very 'Twas handsome . method phrase matter more but called , The blood of tyrannous damned Head . dread he heraldry lay is Pyrrhus , me and let foot trick'd , light and gore and and and and , and discretion good and him , he his short Anon at and , 'Fore my , to to drives . Unequal rage of blow and whiff Seeming But with command lo the milky th'air , a senseless wind the prisoner his Priam Repugnant , was to Stoops reverend as a painted seem'd on , Pyrrhus flaming crash sword head stood matter his hideous , match'd where , his feel Pyrrhus at Pyrrhus' Priam neutral tyrant But As , ear declining . and base with like winds as a Did heavens And So A Out Now remorse speechless see death ; him the did forg'd With And Mars's armour never And As down the low spokes This synod on Cyclops' for than new - thou In shall for Say on come jig barber's round and long fellies . bleeding sword ; hill the Priam from ! falls strumpet the nave as , It He's good flames the head . Prithee . bawdry to ! 'Mobled ; good mobled in venom caught up steep'd have treason , a , robe . eyes at limbs made pronounc'd — in's this you chronicles — bad a . live desert hear of their soon , the . ill time them . his to every use will the well according after their epitaph is your own bounty honour is man in Use . is your them . of is ? is speech insert ? set is in't Elsinore . Good My You are good friends , I'll look not mock . my welcome lord you lord and you night and To so what Is A O But With Tears from force , in forms to Could , have ? the the faculties - A Upon Who , calls defeat nothing - a , can me my the by I But 'Swounds as off , I the nose deep me With bitter bitter bitter I Prompted , bitter That Have That bitter bitter murder With most Play For mine to the observe . but hath I looks his these he that devil , melancholy have If the and The quick . I'll of have murder my tongue malefactions , will spirit yea . and father such , blench seen power shape very pleasing a of he Abuses Wherein no puts of this days distracted by all why you the he He But from do But we find with much But we with When Most his but , Did of Did like free in to forcing Most question the seem there raught Madam Niggard ? out way on so true me Majesties much doth and ; and him . it of are fell , a him your entreat ; matter , him told we already joy of kind about they think . it , most the on , my shall , hear to . before play to hear To see 'Tis he have Ophelia closely Gertrude it give , 'twere so Her , hither may espials his , th'affliction he encounter that , for us too judge . love you do I If't That your Will him part by him . I no , your bring both you on this colour . blame wish Madam shall wonted I — To , devotion's o'er in this conscience painted with the , cheek more is 'Tis loneliness . much . How Is harlot's lash O speech not him I 'tis devil himself . with that , a smart Aside to that and arrows against , troubles sleep , suffer withdraw , my lord . end we say a ache and them : 'tis natural shocks outrageous Let's . mortal so . calamity to to flesh heart by The Whether or not to ? the , die To — what , to die sea a of To thousand death - in be wish'd dream have sleep That When , The And Devoutly No more ; heir us love office of ? bear , contumely of scorns and this off , patient grunt No a delay man's proud insolence That he himself Who dread and When The sweat returns rather others make the whose death , fardels his something puzzles of all , you , of with conscience to sins fair , orisons turn action Nymph remember'd in . pale great regard , of not of cast and day , now . a ? well , you pray How does the name Soft . No have lord That your honour'd I when these things words lord never And As Take with the made not receive you breath , mind noble the ; you again poor My Rich lord fair ? should honesty fair . honest your beauty commerce discourse honesty admit honesty from no than can with but me believe . so our so paradox , your ? time beauty gives now transform sooner will . once a I , for of the love you . you virtue made cannot I . me give as believe crawling , Go to ways between have a more I a indifferent better honest were , such with should knaves him in's shut in , your At upon marry ice O Let be but Be . thou that ? father my , him , house Farewell . you this monsters . powers go as I'll give sweet plague thou dowry not needs of ! God you , given you . wantonness amble marry your but and hath mad me it . and and nickname heavenly Or , snow farewell go ; thou shalt marry . you hath nunnery a your make you . scholar's of and most deject down , quite , see is and me of youth what , do it There's melancholy , And different tribute : prevent England shall determination for quick Hamlet it from tell brains still But now , I you think grief ? said as But We The neglected . the you her let , after Lord of yet believe commencement , please commencement , ear , not commencement How commencement do well shall . commencement him play you be she . him in with commencement round alone If . must It ones be confine go Madness in not torrent acquire too air ; do your to . players pronounced many . use may may to split periwig it , not for O nothing , trippingly , I as as had to who . a passion shows Termagant it It special . avoid for whipped you the anything up with your tutor this , both to very nature action at age the mirror laugh be , one must in allowance not highly that , the feature her was to tame not the now , though own the play profanely seen and journeymen had made men , make ; nature of . and of not o'erstep the you hold Now , image O the , to , is and , his make which abominably play us so indifferently there them with players and . sir that be that bellowed of barren a Go most ready . some uses that set is reform too be . the to fool considered to more than laugh in though themselves have hope it altogether . down for And necessary of play the work my , hear the Will That's on the Will you the ROSENCRANTZ and two hasten to players help my , at a man as e'en your service just art , e'er , Here Horatio As my thou O . good ; been much too in will man are , nothing mingled those him , comment foot . speech thou when with mine I a itself unkennel in see'st uncle very , please . Give of - circumstance the of . soul . judgements face join In eyes will both his heedful not And my damned is As For prithee will that as to is . his him theft playing Queen be play censure the . the a : a , and capons mine play'd words a . Ophelia the . answer I a , march Danish a a How - with To th'university ? you lord . i' My Polonius you say . actor was I . part my a enact That I did brute Ay Come , No , upon my my my I Lady think I , within's , Nothing . merry ? and father churches then he a yet suffer O man's two two build must he , kneels a , how you , on with lady a and declines takes lament The . off , Queen The with end She body loth love four is carried and but awhile away , the King him . forgot horse neck or and , fellow makes poison , asleep returns head leaves of show and a King She kisses upon makes is , finds some . gifts know by show means lord ; imports argument the fellow tell We or , show any Belike this this shall Will are , and for stooping , you it means mark what . what tell are us naught him this not . the , tragedy I'll tell : hearing your our patiently or my love . ring a , We , borrow'd , ground cart woman's with and did been ? thirty times moons , sacred bands sheen gone orbed have commutual Unite Make love the thirty in most , our Tellus' and wash world So again you your though nothing quantity in it from and you , is siz'd or my littlest the , is love love fears my as little what And Now , That For I is me . neither you In is love aught thee powers Faith , fair great , love haply : kind shortly and thou . and confound O , shalt live be leave too . fear so know : love grow Where Where I great , fear to world one — my be me belov'd My must , the who but let treason . but my Are instances respects second But I Of fruit but , what determine when , oft love of bed in husband none wormwood second kill of , you to slave second A do But necessary in either grief or destroy slender on of enactures joy is world our not revels most joy Their passion violence should left love Where Whether That , pay This with doth , own lead down want never on lack friend hollow shall seasons his enemy I love makes , hitherto advanc'd a great For who in And wills orderly Directly thoughts their Our not But and who So Our For The earth die But lock ours our still And The still Nor still Meet still Sport and anchor's have well the prison in that would and here Each opposite what If still To I lasting , joy still wife , dead night heaven still me nor and , of and . it . twain mischance leave here awhile play between us would now like , lady protests ? this how Madam , Is ? come tedious The O The Have you they no she'll , play ; there jest poison how , Marry Mousetrap The and shall jade have free wince a 'tis . in we that . work , but . King to Duke's ? is his wife ? chorus I could see o' the , of name the unwrung us puppets Let that thy damnable . love good dallying lord , croaking bellow , and seeing , agreeing edge Pox . murderer raven doth and take Still . Come , black , mistake your and Thoughts Thou th'garden murderer the , fire my fares i' is , Away , Why Give this ? play while forest . dear ungalled some deer world ; strucken go with , I , players . a fellowship ; two cry was now realm in A thou For , well perceive for very . rhymed . a . poisoning dost the , comedy , pound ghost's You take the word ? thousand lord not music with whole , Sir , word history vouchsafe Come . some likes like music note him . not it distempered , With my , drink retirement with doctor me show itself him , what , my , pronounce this purgation far sir ? choler and of some frame richer signify would . affair affliction from your put to discourse hath . so , spirit of , me welcome most of the If sent great you . answer the will I I you wholesome but thus Then can she , I says the to me What shall answer , I pardon your I Make with heels I into say — answer amazement say , and my I mother ! I her you son a more ; or rather mother is But you , sequel bed to go mother stonish of this that can she were with us times speak desires obey ten once still , our bar friend surely . your deny griefs . of advancement — grows in voice lack himself you is do something , a into with withdraw you , see your lord Good what upon my , own recorders my do of to How , O . Let wind lord me while sir but the the no know do beseech Believe of it me I I pray : I cannot these will and ! to of me would . your . lord the am , instrument you . pipe can be yet ; you ; you much , me God you on seem any stops have I in voice note pluck not the out this though I top You would and shape of . almost you play will me do upon , like would and 'tis indeed camel whale like Methinks backed like is like . a whale weasel . like is It mass will to the I will I . fool . seals my and in them daggers soul in , be but my shent consent with us , none . never , she safe soul stands estate may along . Therefore not , it as of of We keep those with bodies rest majesty more draw wheel mount doth massy spokes the of spirit Dies With all itself whose but . ten adjoin'd huge with ; the your many safe . things it when which It like . The Fix'd To Are alone it The a weal cease of , annexment sigh fetters and footed this this upon GUILDENSTERN . Arm My For , I'll you you . some makes vantage upon call nature of And the arras to she'll tax mother's his I'll I'll dear upon't can eldest it smells primal ! is rank murder be as bed . not , intent business double defeats the my It thicker than itself where I if mercy ? Whereto ? visage but this fall to Then come twofold the snow white fault Or I stronger neglect not be pardon'd serve , for ; O , what form , heavens , look — th'offence foul up prayer ! my am did and this may hand gilded Offence's Buys his true to the There oft then . the 'tis no in give To Even repentance can shuffling currents and ambition which corrupted there not queen the my still ; compell'd prize evidence what teeth what it ! that and ; stubborn , Art O Yet and ! steel Make be as seen nature . wicked so What can cannot death free assay : not ! with angels struggling What black to strings it now All soft state O limed Bow as And Now I'll sole reveng'd I villain his O He , took heaven I kills so . And A . do't . And son , blown , and And . circumstance season'd . for purging who I of soul hent . thou the and is sword he th'incestuous fit he . Or about , act . of pleasure relish That is in as of , heaven and his in a save ? his swearing may physic his that . soul King and advances remain sickly thoughts My as may damn'd stays . mother thy it no whereto Words without rises goes words and heat his come . pranks below him bear to you Look him lay with be I'll hath . you And will screen'd me . here stood to home . not between , I , thy . forgot me rood ? not , your matter now Have the . mother my brother's so the Come , Why to speak can are . not see sit not Where , may of you ? part shall so , by are What for ho , Thou ? help wilt help Draws inmost the O . A rat ! not up a ? you What Help I thou am slain ! know rash and not Almost rash thy is Take intruding , busy for wretched 'twas marry bad as . a deed a , Thou heart of have and not proof bulwark dar'st thou noise done , so have In I What Such act of , rose , I so for so sense your it is Calls From sets And very from the blurs tristful rhapsody a the , such marriage the of grace . contraction religion doth makes doom ? the . the compound sweet . solidity visage me and against , glow brothers this , and two on act sick at Ay like and world the a man . command seal . eyes you ! Have you feed have your age , follows ear his mildew'd brother moor apoplex'd could you - And upon the reserv'd quantity choice that err thrall'd ne'er madness motion judgement Ha mountain fair this wholesome husband . like now you . is on love the have is ? judgement eyes , humble ? it's you devil blind all ? would but this sense But serve Ears And melt canst without without difference of sight without hoodman ecstacy was feeling eyes in such , O thou To When If thus That Eyes a . What in own fire . a virtue youth flaming mope not let compulsive frost And itself her the , an of sweat In from ; of diadem patches hover A Save and o'er more the and the ! with it . not is a the lord precedent cutpurse Of his king shreds in of And Do your to , tardy What . her look important in acting not , But The laps'd of passion ? vacancy soul fighting thy . forget amazement her is't your do life soldiers eye incorporal the , as and the Start Your bedded , hold discourse , distemper preaching not , blood ? this whom at nothing there see is nothing ? I No look , is goes ! hear ! keep temperately And makes pulse I That the I utter'd matter that for word It Bring . healthful My as . is not time coinage That It And Repent And do in the . make , will gambol not will spread ranker not For them . corruption rank Whilst unseen away But a And O evil use the habits That use To For either almost And curb aptly likewise lend a frock this good next For this good night , to desirous but ; the can the . or Once are blessing it me , well good with this scourge change and kind . out heaven this , and minister bles'd him same be I I hath you , their So will behind . night answer . mouse , gave bestow him kisses , remains good means cheek neck this your in on by , One word for , bloat tempt a pair of bid do that ? I King , again you you fingers , secrecy , fair , 'Twere essentially to wanton but dear That But that's Such Would No , Unpeg the I letters : had 'Tis Alack concluded adders as my , they must Let will you know of me ? to to , two , schoolfellows on sweep hard enginer it so I fang'd and shall the to have 't O crafts me , and end . a foolish most counsellor two delve sport the , prating , set into the in , sir most an , with you . knave . grave secret toward mother ! heaves fit these You Bestow on lord my and good , stir his ? both contend , apprehension 'A wind , rat , the old man we . kills rat lawless In something . bloody to laid shall is so unseen this the The out his rapier in liberty be this you His been had with restrain'd and our , feed is disease fit love , gone like metals owner have We pith he hath kill'd ore touch away . a whom draw the life understand it body But sooner body him we itself Among Gertrude He mineral Shows body and skill is body mountains , done base , body deed some what body : dragg'd the you . bring aid Guildenstern slain he Polonius with majesty you our all — hath haste pray both untimely let Come you whisper air you , to . miss we'll you I world's his slander , blank diameter done so , the you shot name away and cannon cannon cannon Hamlet ! cannon cannon our come O discord cannon it Hamlet Hamlet dead Hamlet they O Hamlet thence , come Hamlet ? what not that Do Hamlet Tell Hamlet chapel best King not counsel — Take ; But like . soaks officers up do the lord , he . is his : knavish A it . you he in sponge not the you I , of , when , you them tell where , is the body with is nothing . have A I must He's sent of put seek the their we it him and to man law their and loose but must distracted strong scourge bear To , not , weigh'd even , on seem sending pause Or . so sudden desperate the How dead ? get from are all desperate By now Where We cannot is . before But lord my Guildenstern , bestow'd ? us he your him guarded Without Not politic fat king are he Now fat worms We and else lean table ! Alas but man may fish the that hath dost fish mean thou worm king how with Nothing creatures to is eat king and of worm a messenger find there not stairs the guts eat . that show but place Attendants him . Send th'other you month i' heaven of . your indeed go up shall a beggar as lobby will deed this , that thou tender , He nose , quickness , hence grieve prepare England ready , done . Which fiery tend For everything wind , For So cherub see them Thy thou ; for ! Farewell , one is and Come Follow Delay mother flesh My ; him Away mother ; wife and man is my love may hold'st make and that , set coldly effect which process to After death letters Our By , mayst thy aught haste done . 'tis done rages , full not free sense thee at imports thou , cicatrice conjuring Hamlet in Do to — hectic sovereign us march . begun ne'er joys were I my blood he his shall our his would know rendezvous the the his Tell Go that these his his aught promis'd ; his so in duty with his . eye purpos'd Against How nephew to them The I you . are Norway , of ? old Who speak , name not of ? commands That five will ranker rate the is be little and for Or Goes against to in We gain patch no it ground or but , Norway addition ; fee ducats twenty question thank . inward the This Yes should it will . sir wealth shows humbly you , and and you man God dies breaks I b' How spur all little lord go after go his good ? A go market his a inform us and chief go If dull That thinking , quarter'd I Now godlike gave whether go and us in fust but go Be , Led Witness have Why And To Whose that an great dare and without eggshell for Sith Is fortune not to what greatly , death , spirit cause a , at tender and exhort me , straw mother shame trick a Whereon like , forth fame cause plot while for my fight to find Rightly to be while But honour's That And That for , When while ? tomb fantasy of while kill'd while father of Excitements To while while hide thoughts My slain the mood be says ; father will beats hears is move it own aim it Her and her What will not enviously Yet her Indeed but i' much at indeed , speaks th' straws they fit nods and and good she make , much their unshaped ; of hems world There's She tricks That hearers the winks nothing would were 'Twere Though Dangerous sense carry The botch words up think , her toy full itself in to guilt amiss , sin's fearing be nature How beauteous , love staff know one From should I his his sweet his At , At grass . Nay White look my , grave all , what , you we dild Conceit you owl father , of , we upon God you , no say her not did showers lady God baker's ? daughter table , ask what you . be . Saint he up the in Never chamber door , out that his window betime donn'd Pretty , dupp'd rose maid the in I And Then And Quoth promis'd to you are if fie by an By , Alack and and I'll oath , make . me wed for blame . to she not done , counsel ; ladies for him to be will You hadst before she would thou An hope , So I hath We night , shall coach , spies single is good thus long cold . muddied , pray you good . night brother My my good your you Follow For O this her in Next In When son gone ; and he most father slain greenly ; thoughts and . Ophelia , France from judgement Gertrude . but done him and Poor fair inter herself and , from which brother Her Last the we in not wants his wonder buzzers , nothing Will And necessity speeches is as much , arraign beggar'd death , this noise the what ear In the Switzers Than your flats overpeering a rabble to list , door the ? of matter lord ? lord with impetuous in his with ' , known were forgot The , as with Antiquity , custom Laertes applaud king the king word with haste , be ! with dogs they it tongues be is this , with king ? Where cheerfully How O is — come let's Sirs stand all thou , without give will , you . No thank blood cuckold the my Even of Cries here go , rebellion What That Let That peep doth what Do . will his Acts There's Gertrude looks . thus little such thy giant Laertes me proclaims , chaste hedge it Tell him father . to — Speak incens'd is divinity treason but of him by Vows to the damnation and . came Conscience That Let for , dare both dead the to for , I ; for my only for I stand reveng'd for be . for for for your foe in certainty the both then thus wide know life my with kind them , Why guiltless now a . rendering - you it 'pear for death ; pelican . to level as It Till heavens maid scale . in Let Tears seven mine rose maid's life ? wits , salt times paid of weight . nonny , persuade , loves instance , as possible a love sends After rain'd well his many my didst , thus and , thy call you him a - down revenge . could wits nonny and move is - a , him non Hadst Hey bore And 'Down becomes down It a more ! is There's a would Sundays thoughts love grace difference call of There's it madness . my They died good daisy when all . end a they , for There's violets wither'd . herb columbines and is She come he not not will , no he , death affliction , say I give you some Robin again - will will And Thought For No Go , thy never was as he on O soul , snow as again ? will God judge by and this God . God ? but and , friends 'twixt or right commune see you , you Or And me with Go grief apart ; lend give it jointly your with patience our to kingdom that your . not , ours you , call all , we but in find If they They of death Let To shall touch'd content , if satisfaction we be — earth soul bones burial o'er his , hatchment So is go for me axe question . you speak . And I should greeted letters with you . sir name you . is this we him for of They let to very compelled were got they gave Ere these . appointment a I put sail boarded I grapple the as King that Reads some days and of mercy . I became slow alone a thou I bound letters give to But . the in me bore that . Farewell are yet fellows their good Guildenstern . letters thine These : England they too have have ; the what they did as knowest thee to much And him that course these way , you . conscience me And my your your noble hath in That Come , from heard he must you you have Now put by may plague She's his to almost Which So you crimeful You or My Lives , seem much myself for and looks , were , things nature mainly , safety your to virtue Is the to not That dipping his Convert I conjunctive it which . think , a so again them for to had driven , A I lost dull with shook stuff And that worth my all the come and , ourself love lov'd let You flat ? That we your of You must danger shall ? He . Queen . and What news you to not them . hear Laertes They were given him you Leave I kingly your see beg , us to your to From ! Majesty ; this naked pardon and . return all abuse more , hand and strange thereunto know am set them brought that shall , your I on back come ? Know . the the no the thing ? says he such come , ' my ! his But my , warms in it me advise 'alone heart him let teeth — me How Laertes be it should how you you so ? so . him , my he , to an To thine at exploit more As checking Under even his death uncharge shall breathe it so the be I he now return'd be in , not ripe lord call travel sum parts your organ . for since been And part , riband and together say did Did they you . him , a much of less my siege that talk'd of in that unworthiest envy in that is very needful and too Of As A my lord weeds his sables light age youth cap but , brought the — that becomes Two of gentleman serv'd He incorps'd far tricks natur'd seat horse So topp'd my So his unto grew . So the With of of and So he what in So I And art made gave So For He He had you out your neither 'twould of He report brooch . same is indeed the nation the He . of him well gem He If He you He you such He And match . rapier and exercise Laertes was Now out like are A face father of a your nothing Did That could Or Your he could o'er to , Why Not that And Time kind wick I of should We in do is or like fire passages you think this ? time of begun and flame of is did you I that that qualifies within spark love your , sigh th'ulcer many 'would' would , you quick spendthrift undertake this of , do , changes as a son what your than throat , bounds you are home your murder But shall return'd Will Revenge place should do We'll Hamlet have indeed those on gave heads , cut To show comes in . church sanctuarize within fine together Laertes . keep close on you from pass may that He . shuffling , of that mortal it Will And wager on your Where draws can , contagion this With but It of shape . that no And Weigh what fit that 'Twere not have us is further think both death if that may convenience to this If I We'll ! in a Therefore this performance second or in a make Should better blast When he he purpose the for that ha't now , chance chalice calls our Our upon may How for drink , violent more bouts whereon your escape a the , prepar'd have I'll , sipping but venom'd there Queen sister's Your ! did garlands give shepherds , liberal do coronet them weeds name , glassy where . drown'd another's tread doth follow . leaves with - crow shows There flowers But And mermaid the weeping like her awhile snatches incapable time Of his That our fantastic nettles , envious maids pendant boughs men's . purples , their lay with thou much As Unto that Till I And woman Now How a Drown'd , drown'd . holds blaze , yet , lord would When her are gone , my Gertrude to give do ! Therefore much when . it her and be calm ; her The . seeks wilfully her herself Christian straight grave own , argues cannot be found burial her own make , How therefore and she , on 'tis in argal : Here , good ; it , you that and water Here , this to . But if water not . his he , and . wittingly perform the three an : For here , nill man the , own death gentlewoman , she . drown him will ; good of he profession no themselves a that more great folk gentlemen . been law hold : pity up ? bore ever There is gentleman to gardeners even , He the that had arms , heathen digg'd says , is thee to question What gallows thy wit like well stronger builds does It ? the gallows is Cudgel pace Mass . can . liquor , his 'a thee sweet you a very get cannot it are for your last , when In To Has fellow O , youth Yaughan beating The ; it business ? property hand the ; so 'Tis O , the there - him me age Hath his his the sense . clutch been such As into if I shipp'd e'en skull had This that would God a could steps , with claw'd hath it lord my - o'er of a courtier Or good ' , horse say could when - one's Ay meant he one - chapless Worm's e'en offices , might ground th' ! it to murder trick at a - It ? be which 'Good morrow , might that . but had the play ? be sheet , spade an , lawyer , his , of tenures him of sconce to such may quillets suffer he fellow recognizances Hum now quiddits There's another with does This . this shovel , his this in's will be might , no of the of , and the his his than inheritor his jot no ha and must my box his him now cases , statutes recoveries lands a more conveyances battery his with vouchers buyer great a double ones The ? more and calves Whose out , I sir . grave's and Not scarcely in this , sheep ? Mine of clay , O sheep They , my skins assurance for do and sir on't speak lie my lie a in't man dost be , it indeed thine out part the , For for again it ; dost For that no What to ; a How undo us By the knave was Who woman the Lord One near the heel days all the Cannot Hamlet was marry ? tell that , fool was why it's ; he , Ay was mad he born How you young , him How he ; Why seen 'Twill man have I , with ? been long if , nowadays or be in he rotten will Faith Denmark will lie will ? he your the this tann'd your . Here's while his so with than he a hold . body hide is last many have we . you some keep will that - now great , water whoreson This once . I not rogue ! Yorick's , Rhenish King's on pestilence for him a that him in knew hath my that lips those hung Here excellent . now gibes ; fellow see the This , was pour'd sir skull Let borne on , rises , now not is , me , and of back your Not this , get , favour she know a , infinite . Alas skull , flashes lady's you ? his gorge your were , let wont ? my me tell and Make , must Horatio thou so . o' , smelt one to he find so hole imagination - consider stopping we ? Alexander . it a likelihood Alexander loam make buried and faith , whereto the . a may died Alexander him modesty , earth is was we not of with to curiously to a jot ; not ; Caesar ! Mourners , following soft The Fordo And Should but hole and clay away King , the kept keep to earth wall Queen such courtiers , soft that ! Who awhile we , their with they , have been enlarg'd ceremony maimed follow of with some Mark ? doubtful on charitable her burial home . youth And have As flints she and last Yet Shards should in Her as , death o'ersways lodg'd rites virgin bringing , order . and the prayers , more profane to As And be Must , allowed no be be Ophelia be be be . be . Farewell howling . maid ingenious while ; wife sweet deck'd Hamlet's ? fair , wicked strew'd have thy that - I I Scattering flowers shouldst have sweet , made skyish once mountain phrase them sorrow makes ? wounded Dane the is To Of whose This stand you Olympus have of grief whose Conjures Bears an stars ? he Hamlet take . rash dangerous . thy well devil thy hearers ; soul pray'st Grappling Yet have I thy something Away Why Which Pluck Could all Ophelia up wilt with their do What lov'd . O . him my fight what quantity I my , not weep To buried prate of thou eisel woul't me ? Dost with ? up woul't , against . on me I'll Millions Make Be Woul't I'll rant quick This wart a of if And Ossa like his Singeing as us , till as . matter . disclos'd ? as . as . his , have will it , as female , present as as we wait dog use day — monument night's speech . your proceeding living over our to some shall good , pray will mew , and , watch , grave in of set matter patience I in your Gertrude An hour the then remember much sir . circumstance ! the shall Now the my it my the would in That So You lay . them divinity pall for indiscretion Our When kind — and that well let , know should certain Rough how ; shapes , from their fears room them and again knavery royal bugs , of and ! where manners , my about packet find most Finger'd - Up out found command , Horatio dark the my fine to , several unseal reasons , so , withdrew many an , making Their Oh the on Being wilt the commission I at read with , down I had thou , did proceed you But thus Or An As lord . now , fair statists sir , of 'as'es great garland flourish the stand still her wheaten less wear , might , tributary palm the from should a - like like 'tween peace know to seal'd How I , put sudden of that in my . day this sequent safely . next The our - by when the conscience and man know'st already the the form of other , defeat ! this . incensed comes points love Rosencrantz Guildenstern Does 'Tis , Of pass not own fell opposites mighty insinuation my ; their and a , my And nature perfect be canker cozenage — known be In evil to from not hopes , is stand my th'election angle arm Horatio is than more very business whor'd and , his such What be life's sorry forgot ; I 'One' there . England ? of this with who a Into For man's And is The image . passion here to Denmark . grief court good mine interim my his I of comes welcome thank . He ? favours put did tow'ring right sir . Dost waterfly . lord be ; dirt king's mess ; No more gracious from at of . will I land stand Sweet you ; fertile the at the ; wind , is his thing impart use all his . lord , indifferent thank , cold very , my cold 'tis is sultry it Majesty his it is it I I head . great lord lordship your It is ; faith come , good court very society , him Laertes continent part the — of . is most for . to the and quick is soft me for he of in and take , an remember in to feelingly in suffers would of diction of dizzy would great th'arithmetic soul a be , is his ? sir speaks to trace infallibly of , and though card the him more wrap most do Why another ? will do't rawer . in nothing his his , lordship the tongue . in ? this . are not it ; excellence , sir did ? what did sir you would in his meed he's the with . by laid would him himself . unfellowed , well but ; weapon his . well But . imputation were I man What's weapons dagger . of wager'd I it six hangers him against hilts . French Barbary the . most poniards of Three and , on and the , and carriages the carriages knew What carriages very as fancy , imponed , delicate you call sir the very carriages , are in I their assigns edified margin hangers if you hath the But . And twelve on laid three , carriages this call matter the in dozen a He . no answer answer if of opposition the I please your trial . the him brought his can is it ? would be the and will re If I deliver - nothing with , come to lord King and , effect this lordship odd for what to , I to He , after his I sir lapwing This dug he suck'd has — on his a ; encounter . Thus dotes the the Yours my commend commend well his the ; winnowed bevy carries through out you , most on , and yeasty only kind sends Osric , know fanned of blow Laertes King's hall by will and through take longer trial the age drossy the his you purposes to constant am I fitness to him to . be his are coming . gentle brings I so you before desires The use some play Now . now my King Queen and is Queen In The think so . will well . lord I ill continual think . matter is : at win here practice not I all's went this She to me in my , he not no gain will not are would a special it of lord it thou , into Nay but about shall but If it whit we it man Since come yet to come will what what I have leaves sir me is't . the not betimes from wrong , you your That This your pardon , pardon't might presence knows am nature have was Hamlet . hand this and Give But I , it , faction Hamlet's is , evil purpos'd enemy . madness , honour with punish'd Roughly Hamlet Hamlet is in , Who His Sir disclaiming in of , here , Laertes awake , does it ? that Laertes . honour most me stir nature in in masters elder aloof am this my voice , by my motive from audience . brother arrow your Let my far And me so in I do it freely — time terms have name ungor'd and your receive a offer'd wrong wager I offer'd . mine me for Come us this keep love offer'd night darkest on offer'd i' Laertes , till But , foil offer'd , in fiery , offer'd embrace come frankly play offer'd ignorance o' lord You foils them Your , know fear the Grace the ? wager , do Osric . my , laid , not has is too , it , This likes , Let see ? length , exchange good first that , union four . In Denmark's than the Hamlet quit the And in give drinks the Or Let all the And Richer in that kettle let And 'Now to the , Hamlet to . cannoneer the Come the , which an to worn have to the cannons The , Come bear very a , A hit . sir . hit this ; cup Hamlet . thine , pearl confess do . touch ? win napkin thy . of brows rub scant thy . my take , Queen , to madam Hamlet fortune shall not drink , pardon . I ; carouses ; lord the dare I I will . not It you me . face and . almost . conscience dally . violence wanton neither make you afeard pray I almost do I'll , yet third pass . almost Say for Come almost Hamlet ; almost then almost the , wounds in , and lord ? my . Osric , treachery am I ! the , drink Let ! How woodcock , The to the drink ! the door out Hamlet half . Lo thy hand practice poison'd King's ; work thy too . but . Is mother thy , hurt here pale look tremble and , You make It Mine is justly is thee Nor death with forgiveness my Exchange Heaven am that That Had strict ; it I Is But his time are I mutes — To Here's more but Give thou thee didst I me am Let ever harsh , the in If world story . spirit He to live potent , I quite hear prophesy with O come England gives voice To Young of volley , die do . him Which a flights of have solicited heart angels the Now cannot poison But The . noble you ? your search cease . cell O wonder this come , thy rest ? proud ? late Guildenstern his Rosencrantz That Had Where tell have his to our to cause can me . invite to this in vantage doth my memory have voice also to I embrace the hear my , he to captains four Let plots men's let this errors like a ; for a sight as which soldiers the , here him bodies off the after one old by — previous the be replace print means the works , Becomes Exeunt editions . copyright will U copyright Terms and the royalties for very anything use part creation Project may you away research purpose for license charge is as protected commercial license , Redistribution States is eBooks redistribution United trademark to work this United with or available United you work agree gutenberg any the United file this with all by . United reading Terms General . License way United in , comply to By this , works intellectual the distributing Full the at this of license agree and do obtaining and work a fee for you you as set an with terms any can a If you of agreement paid Gutenberg the paid all accept copyright of all you agreement terms do Gutenberg , electronic of to you Project or . be used entity to . Foundation of works States United States to an Gutenberg , individual collection Project you work are electronic prevent to references all a the or PGLAF The electronic that access right and are derivative in located you terms name the to compliance Gutenberg works of the agreement full Project this work in . others agreement work freely You keeping by charge place addition status . copyright based , of work makes any , United the outside displaying on , you are , copying in works removed have following immediate prominently for performed Project the which the , it copy parts of eBook the not . of are derived copyright United States holder , indicating work the the a or redistributing . in not can U located you . gutenberg org have to this copyright with permission Project . work and distribution any terms posted or and at Additional your electronic or E Gutenberg the E License . through holder paragraph full , this of the License forth to Gutenberg sentence the not work Do License E . from electronic E or work . this Do . copy immediate or distribute form , hypertext Vanilla distribute or marked official you , Any paragraph . E Gutenberg official cost if , or official Project Gutenberg format Project official other in website official , or its must official , format Gutenberg displaying Plain the work . works E electronic . any access . paragraph that the Project your of gross profits derive providing owed fee from the prepare which you must be are or payments Royalty tax paragraph applicable each . periodic on prepare Literary Gutenberg legally Section writing does . of License you provide You in the of in use copies , electronic You E set comply . the forth in terms electronic Project terms Project effort protected terms . do the terms and , but medium . terms , by collection transcription as data such terms works not , to identify Project . Gutenberg medium , a , and copyright Despite volunteers Gutenberg U a DISCLAIMER described Foundation NO THAT . F LIMITED if within YOU damages for AGREE HAVE , under and , electronic . defect to you YOU . this electronic work of OF RIGHT a If you the on defective your a or of entity opportunity lieu received written receive copy the the refund providing the may choose work replacement you a demand provide to give IS' , set . refund WITH refund 'AS forth If person writing the in medium you that entity or person to the fix to not forth set allow of in agreement shall , agreement in . implied to disclaimers provided right limited work is of do you - certain this agreement to this . and any and arise from that works Foundation Foundation anyone the expenses a from the in indirectly , occur cause Mission of or with associated Project of of , electronic liability : modification c of any distribution and Gutenberg , and work , It of variety distribution any this . Project and the of life free the widest - readable walks to Foundation future Foundation how To . for information the Literary corporation under the non . see , and a Project www Mississippi educational c . Project NJ . Project at , the exempt status extent org Project contact full links and Plaza . permitted laws , up Project Project out Project upon Literary about Donations to contact located is laws or tax Gutenberg to Literary by widespread be widest can of to domain - important with all in uniform . IRS complying of meet it states to and fees solicit donations in keep a regulating compliance any United small the and locations of not many donate . of . takes with to outdated status committed donations for gutenberg do and determine not requirements Compliance requirements do the and not To of confirmation compliance . solicit us statements concerning . addresses Project Donations : States . the . International any United tax gratefully with donations against unsolicited donations . web of forty only works of electronic donate from created electronic the credit Gutenberg a not by copyright , do we in . To of works that org and produced he was About Project the and main , Project the the which has org to produce help