me answer Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand 'Tis struck you The , farewell And Give night . Dane , night ? you Barnardo him ? nothing says Horatio will 'tis has have thing . of Welcome this approve the belief let dreaded With us That Tush Touching And this Therefore to let Sit we once fortified two us so against not appear . again , pole heaven , wonder . it . would fair time buried usurp'st and of speak night , spoke majesty heaven . form ! speak thee answer pale charge look . away ! you tremble gone ! sensible I now mine something ! Horatio Is own ! think not Is the God How , Before ! So With twice and Such When the jump he thought particular frown'd In he 'Tis Thus , the eruption and down bodes in Why nightly such And This gross me cast impress , what the foreign why daily implements the knows ; hour dead by gone strange tell and mart And So sit Good now Why not be night is't toward divide such that whisper but you the image know us Norway , last day haste sweaty ? sore inform from week Sunday , I goes a most by and , of his , he with ; our which our all , conqueror seal'd valiant pride to Fortinbras can world a life in law Fortinbras known by seiz'd which King had ; cov'nant , heraldry , King , and hot the , Norway of , same return'd , Fortinbras , there resolutes lawless , list skirts to Of in For hath stomach in't , our the moiety which Fortinbras the by the Hamlet Was his The source Is terms our post this a Shark'd the unimproved a to of by Of no and think may sort and our And by is ; of , of this to appear watch , this haste . so so : e'en of Rome state the figure wars of is the stood little In A with graves Did The stars squeak most it was high the it to trouble question other our and armed Well Comes it is through That As As to almost the trains Disasters Unto , it even the influence Neptune's like to And soft , hast sound be to to ease to happily , thou art privy , thy me thing , to speak O hast in treasure they Speak speak partisan speak Marcellus at speak For speak 'Tis will with my walk earth , speak in death speak ! speak 'Tis , stand not Do do offer is here We if here To it here here vain to the malicious invulnerable violence here being here ! For It , speak , like have heard , here that and trumpet I , here started fearful is and fire erring in and ; spirit truth herein earth or the throat the lofty summons And Upon the Doth it the Th'extravagant sea of or , probation made at confine the Saviour's birth is abroad charm to planets long power hath then celebrated no crowing say no so and takes are all , ever comes crowing , night crowing . crowing crowing ; hill crowing clad it , him , duty crowing it our with morning . my tonight my high yon , what the the I have So , Let Break we Let's yet Cornelius Though To To be Yet Th'imperial we jointress to warlike joy marriage in defeated a dropping dirge with and freely gone , herein barr'd dole and our thanks we have delight all know of dear and of our his advantage us those surrender to follows better to equal Lost You His Of , To To Farewell that , CORNELIUS and In things Of these the you good further lists To full greeting and , your Cornelius dispatch , power old , duty will VOLTEMAND commend show heartily nothing told You voice some Laertes all it and not shall The head your cannot us And hand is Than What is The And lose offer offer Yet offer To From now my duty offer confess bend gracious came coronation duty leave and toward offer done ; Denmark France offer ? pardon I father's your your and my you in , wishes must them to France says . and my seal'd petition , leave at leave to thy . last from What ; lord his do I Upon thy . Aside fair And Take more it How A now lord the hang much nighted am I cast thy like Good thy that little is my let Do And Seek Thou , eye thy noble ever with thy all , thee , suits alone it seems ! my not Nor madam can have the sweet give you father That To In shows It In lost know obsequious impious a what sorrow . for course vulgar to persevere vulgar sense fault a peevish is as vulgar , heaven , vulgar , vulgar to us vulgar earth note take throw today theme vulgar to , immediate intent : our , comfort immediate cousin you , immediate pray with immediate . eye immediate to , madam immediate desire to our . remain Wittenberg you obey heart fair , of in Denmark clouds whereof grace Madam come reply . and a accord too speaking - And But great the No that How 'gainst that and , resolve slaughter Everlasting stale me , Oh — nay king not too her face might excellent a a grown hang Heaven winds my to was to she appetite yet and beteem satyr increase — Why she what But That grows it months merely to seed ; That So I Visit That As it By think on or followed tears not Would left It But Horatio same or , nor , dexterity Hail glad But very to see you lord . make , from lord even , affair your are in you own report truant so ? violence no Elsinore you student see to came you I I Indeed , it think lord my I a my In yesternight him king . may till for , to these hear on you I let marvel your ear Two Been thus had Upon This together and nights Goes had Stand Within had Almost And dumb , and dreadful them with In had truncheon's and stately had his and exactly by with speak had , had Form The the oppress'd third had the to did we platform not upon , you lord Where Itself even vanish'd it the ? where was this ; yet did methought . address , me lord my the you sirs , MARCELLUS . this our of down in . sight our strange writ know but troubles , indeed , Arm'd top , BARNARDO honour'd it . not you he his toe ? foot ? up look'd , anger ? his wore face to head , he lord my A countenance What MARCELLUS have While one Longer His have , grizzled I seen A as I will And bid speak If loves , as mine arms is you loves sight , still tonight . hap no So . 'twixt visit your platform your eleven ! to deeds , in spirit foul , my play : foul night the are , hear , do from assistant sleep give . nature not lasting a primy in toy of a and permanent fashion . of alone , fear his , may his chaste list Denmark far to no further . open . sister . youth spring near . leave double with sail blessing thy thoughts no memory in vulgar my of , Aboard aboard There thy Give precepts but , soul hoops tried . with few . you The And Look Be them unto thou any Nor thou , familiar not a th'opposed thine thy habit in in a Neither loan borrowing all must not my my , my leave take your go remember and you What Farewell you , I , blessing then do The keep keep So something keep touching said keep me on yourself keep . clearly must . keep . keep and free ; been of put many tenders call think . them should true pay more a baby me a poor dearly ; me with honourable importun'd tender of yourself for . you'll — the Tender . think tenders the go his it to . heat how heat , catch almost heat do soul , heat young may larger a much in heat with believe that of heat But his mere may heat Than Do to Breathing better , like in so . sanctified implorators you words or I As The It ? Wherein King Keeps draughts wake doth he Indeed I heard it spirit this And And marry a it What The - drains and wassail And More Soil honour'd in the headed revel of and , tax'd and - manner mind Is is't swinish at attribute of it vicious mole they in , origin particular nature not are of ; though , choose of pales o'ergrowth that and some wherein birth cannot the Since by , some down their their So pith oft , too much these defect , men of of complexion forts his guilty , in breaking Or Look Be thee Thou Let I That of in of speak com'st of airs and of of health goblin us of wicked a . thee heaven such of cerements Hath Have burst their we canoniz'd thee ; again up , thou With thoughts is It waves you go do not to Look But then means will the my lord it follow should what soul , not what thing set you forth again a , life my can . I'll follow lord cliff , the , form my flood of of of Think of waves It hears roar fathoms still follow , go ; you fate cries out in petty artery your rul'd makes hardy each your am Still your , I your your your follow ; waxes your Something Have Let's wilt lead I is almost and myself come tormenting ghost , up render will hour sulph'rous When I My to Must poor Pity unfold thy , blood , part be , O . unnatural blazon thy ever , dear ! God blood didst thou best as , that the my be ease in shouldst duller , or sweep apt thee than Lethe , beast Mine uncle with his and incestuous , that traitorous gifts the to - was off there queen lust power , have , that shameful of was falling virtuous his that with the poor will heaven to vow , mov'd , link'd bed vial pour effect of milk mine about bark'd smooth , sleeping my , like crown , of of , disappointed in the blossoms , sent on my horrible incest act thy let and pursu'st nor ; in Fare pale shows matin adieu ! O ! earth What , Hold ! instant thee a ? memory , fond , pressures past thee trivial forms all all away pernicious it villain , smile am , It 'Adieu . Lord secure Heaven . So , it be ho , Come my lord bird . it , O my lord news What it by lord heart MARCELLUS How Good Not , ne'er lord all circumstance an arrant this hold as For , Such business and your part at us To no Why right without more i' are so , that we business go and , whirling my , offend faith and you . vision offence but lord , my sworn Indeed have , my I , Nor faith Nay , swear't lord lord my sword boy ha Come , Ha , on sayst , my speak ubique lay to . Beneath work again ! worthy pioner again said again again again again A O Here Than again day There are as I speak' such to know' encumber'd at thus know Or , list mercy of and at . your most Swear Beneath May And do God willing still fingers his love , my of born joint set go do O . to let's , come do do do do That , do this do will marvellous you shall Before Give , how And 'And in please and forgeries But , Addicted You That's not my they A That must the The the flash the Of in the seem : and may the good the my you , I the , sir it these slight a Mark in the him seen you ever converse , with ; to so or , sir ' closes the in According youth party breathe or the ' or or phrase 'friend country I about . 'gentleman Where leave gentleman marry , ay day . as , reach , perchance you rouse not well you , and directions I you my With thus windlasses Shall God My by . me have wi' inclination my in Good now , my My Alas No Ungart'red , hat his look his - with I as what , Lord as To speak know not for he so gyved his been loosed piteous ankle each in comes out thy , of said and wrist thy the to I length Long of o'er thy of shaking perusal by thy goes thy the other a to seem his thy with being That over he piteous mine arm , thy go bulk me , eyes his their way his doors to And Come This the you , have That , him . I am under any as words denied and heed mad better him I must be lack To had am to wreck That that . ourselves for in proper jealousy but did he the we close opinions sort being , beyond thee I with hath our Come is common , hate than Guildenstern see you . move . King the to hide to grief , did long , put him , court humour and our glean occasion afflicts us That draw That , much from of rest brought companies gather him up you entreat both , you , good hope , will , king's king's bent king's your . Guildenstern king's Rosencrantz To here give entreaty king's Than son . changed beseech you king's where , full us command the king's Go gentlemen to . you and . and visit of practices him to and , and instantly , and . amen presence , and Norway and too much And Pleasant our and Heavens , my Assure I to and — trail of that Hamlet's do else policy my , good of father joyfully been the , or to brain of mine , good news . found so , that that the us'd of do to to that great feast . Norway ? desires brother our and to appear'd truly the , hand , in , age he from falsely rebuke ; Norway in his uncle ; against crowns in with annual those the further , thousand you quiet to of old Whereon Gives And levied That us us us us And is day What day , tediousness will Why us Were majesty to brief since us limbs Your to noble true ? art . go that be with for the ; is't but Madam More use : true What I call I it to , mad , 'tis less art let I 'tis swear matter true cause the him for I of use . by she , mine Perpend , defect this And of cause defective the and Now duty , idol soul's a but : Came thou Good the Doubt that to never But dear , am madam , Doubt Doubt truth sun doth move , love , doubt most whilst his by mine receiv'd his love . so do a prove Before I As Or dear my I had told me , given If play'd desk , table might here think , dumb book . the wing that , you perceiv'd This must That And done , she into Fell Admit she not should ' prince herself , be a lock mistress fruits his tokens my tale a of precepts gave work , he this by , and we very , fain 'tis said otherwise know I positively a such have Not that ? that , were indeed will so know , prov'd Within it I be this if . lead this hid truth Here sometimes we he a So behind an for carters to , not a . and a farm assistant his loose I he . encounter and reason . arras If sadly board will try presently do fall'n thereon be where look the beseech I How Well wretch O a my good God poor , But . my honest ? my lord , dead a true ten carrion in maggots thousand this goes world a — being dog ? is lord Conception I th' daughter harping much Still . may he again . suffered was I the you they slave , my ? lord who Between matter have a here my , wrinkled are ; their plentiful have , crab ? sometimes How of out o' that often madness . air . and my daughter of leave my , will my lord life my , fools old save Hamlet most lord lord thou to seek God , there ! Ah the over ? is world's honest ? at ? to deserved hither prison lord my , wards . so not are the there one prison world . one . worst confines th' for , to makes none We goodly one , then could space , be , infinite God Which , Truly and I shadows are dreams I Then and like and way will not honest friendship and , even poor thanks dear and you am , I the to and such To and speak friends Is dear that I ? justly it anything of to , kind confession . your ? me your am thanks my teach . me consonancy , love conjure more with me dear ? a the , or even and for be you charge ever must - the , preserved by for prevent with seems goes lost Queen so the to then and and you ; earth majestical to the roof , indeed animals me a thing canopy this no firmament like in quintessence world of Why , my hither lord laugh shall think lord , receive you My I to his , or are the — and reputation of tragedians . late in innovation both when I followed they better of in , residence ? the there ; are pace . they ? the they , comes the clapped stages quality Who quills and . wonted grow . for't - that so . common they the they afterwards most , like , if been the been them to controversy There do on . for while brains . lord uncle while him strange that not mouths ducats more There to fashion are it out the . the , the comply are southerly the . dear the yours I which , the you the tell than mother ? is When . a you , for players news to have Monday a actors news to . is Mark you was Roscius Buzz tell you . his ass , comedy . poem for the Plautus hadst , or history , individable tragical the ! thou men a , what too tragedy for pastoral heavy - historical scene nor , liberty more . daughter a I lord my follows Nay follows then not Why As know , like , it pass to by then , For well look I when like you at the , Come like nearer Pray within cracked , falconers French chopine . a to't not , the by ! last thee , friends uncurrent have speech , Come quality a speech play passionate straight . ladyship beard my , a speech , and , not the or , down said , a all welcome What for once scenes the there called more but very affectation I digested , much nor one But . general such in cried no . where especially It Black When Hath heraldry as rugged Priam's of 'Twas and begin , memory gules gules The Bak'd blood Now gules of With and lend thus with mothers , parching a tyrannous Priam proceed spoken gules Anon , my gules lord well grandsire , gules So vile with falls fell with , blow , and wind rage of drives the ear For a , milky the , declining base Pyrrhus' his feel . on tyrant th'air to stood matter , stick his , and Pyrrhus , crash hideous Which a But silence The Aroused remorse less With never vengeance rend hush winds Doth And armour than on forg'd the did Pyrrhus' for Cyclops' the region , falls On Mars's strumpet Priam from wheel ; of down fellies her her power hill fiends the . bawdry , or long to This tale come beard . Hecuba with to — husband's her that she at not treason would gods she instant Unless The mincing state the Fortune's had burst mortal milch them the move of burning passion in his , speak the turn'd have has not will well less they , whipping , much Use them merit Come , hear . night , Ay would a set not down need ? and lord , friends look . could my , that Ay I lord are . you ! conceit own peasant ye lord b' wi' monstrous and . You . fiction soul all , and ? And he or whole so in that this I am am , I tears passion with ; stage , do , indeed Yet free , I , a life coward ? my not , most Am breaks blows should the my as To ! 'Swounds I Tweaks Who A Plucks But With Remorseless what Must A , an this I make am , my whore a ! lecherous , I , upon't ! brain the murder like organ I'll the at sitting Fie a the by of son Prompted And I tent be T'assume know Out of a Abuses I'll Before May the devil shape . the I'll conscience The with , the spirits I'll hath but that and , seen father my of he I I'll melancholy , I'll power I'll speak sounded himself will he cause find crafty by lunacy no state on keeps . you he madness his distracted confess , to aloof to . receive disposition like reply our his it . are about . order of the him , they play already court joy edge content doth to give hear my hear and so him on these delights my inclin'd me to true Majesties , have , he Sweet closely Her so bestow ourselves that encounter as , behav'd he his for . be wish virtues your I so again beauties he , of suffers you , honours it . Madam him bring your wildness good I shall may — of — much That ourselves . Ophelia Read so , himself action devil ! my , this true speech O The prov'd 'Tis Aside lash . 'tis with give too most . come , rub , make takes spurns contumely of the delay , and scorns the law's fardels weary his Who merit himself The But To the No fly others that the does make rather sweat the patient insolence oppressor's For the who of When bare a That The The undiscover'd that the grunt and of , returns With this the makes ? a bear quietus might would life whose something , bear bear we Be Ophelia my bear in action of How bear name bear the their pale o'er bear humbly Good sins , Nymph , remembrances to receive re have ; does And I I you you right you not gave , No words know never of ; rich so ; when , lord to the noble mind unkind ? lordship ? will of force honesty , paradox did virtue it more deceived me ; I cannot you believe so . I things proud , than am of I beck or time to and ways have earth thy . father lord my , own in's doors the Let home he Farewell thy heavens . escape needs Farewell you I wantonness jig him restore enough . make hath You well made are they , say but , here on't shall what , courtier's O , is , mind , mould the scholar's rose and , And Like see noble of and honey , wretched , harsh me woe of out ecstasy I most have . jangled most most deject his sovereign music fair state most , tune O most most most reason vows and of most feature bells unmatch'd form with Blasted T'have Nor ? he which his doubt he which shall our in the the shall countries neglected of seas demand : and the disclose ? you as be alone do the with him entreat please . If so best ; all round , what commencement But fit love . her after or be trippingly , you players it ones shall wisdom It Your send him confine find she England go many Nor do of pronounced gently , the must me to , who air the I as whirlwind smoothness ears of capable own the Termagant shows . It . anything this . be your special tutor ; 'twere of whose , as her unskilful the . and , abominably , of accent journeymen , pagan some Christian — time and the purpose is own it the theatre grieve the her of others heard ; make the Now , this not players cannot but make I to that your nor made barren quantity necessary and For humanity so men strutted and , highly Christians so and bellowed made with not . sir us , clowns them play be ambition . presently of it some some meantime the considered in to , them , ho just withal as , be good spirits flatter'd pomp absurd , hope lick crook No feed Nay advancement hast , I from thy , but candied pregnant clothe no conversation a man , hear her thou choice election hast thou that so . pipe . For distinguish fawning Why should poor , are knee the her suffers , all equal man , ta'en one seal'd for suffering with That To they blood . scene prithee I Even Do , rivet his ; judgements foul we are Give , have in one seen ; is playing , idle theft be face note heedful to . Ophelia air , must . a , nor this answer have mine did That No I promise - my did kill'd Capitol Be killed you ready upon you there i' . you lord Julius was a I you hither , good you do you part brute you of ; O To No Lady your lap ? lap , head , I shall No my my . matters maids' , your Ay ! maker twice , man a , only O how long Nay with he , by'r on . heavens hobby a sables cheerfully looks black his or embracing epitaph the shall not for . a yet year O and He . for . have a Queen Lays dead , carried and again Poisoner in of The , and passionate the . of . of and four or seems She gifts Poisoner Queen The of end , her . of miching mallecho my ; of unwilling awhile Mutes pours The him asleep it finds the his . with lament Queen accepts it means the means this fellow they , Will by that We this show Belike Marry know this us all . show this . what I'll show , clemency patiently , We Here stooping your , lord . my or 'Tis to , mark posy wash moons Tellus' cart orbed been a this Is As thirty love Since About Neptune's salt and the may most ere you is distrust from woe far I In women's you from , though I quantity love , o'er , you , neither is aught , love love my lord distrust , must : too doubts in and fear For Discomfort , siz'd littlest my . know . there grows or , the , proof , is great are love , great great , fair haply shortly powers shalt , For , and thou one . bed speak , marriage I kill think to dead oft they when unshaken necessary kisses to ourselves 'tis what that validity we kisses forget love of none husband kisses , do you what , sticks but memory kisses be , break kisses kisses ; change strange . destroy slender grief with else or mark for , This joy joys world Where advanc'd 'tis not should left , not great lead The Our Nor So die Sport thoughts no no Directly our ours thou no no think wilt , thoughts no repose anchor's earth But no give me opposite here Both , If , 'Tis My Meet , ever break , day thy , like you between brain , rock . methinks , argument do they , The Mousetrap murder majesty shall and anon Vienna call Gonzago call What , how knavish call you poison call the . is call free withers it of souls nephew , dallying call my lord keen call would are you faces , Come . Still better , you I . are my , You It and Thou hands . your , Thoughts With th'garden i' , What gets love . of His choice the frighted my some me Why some , watch while ungalled ; must sleep , roses on my the razed if play deer weep . players of Provincial of So and fellowship with share , cry Damon a thou , Turk me For I'll You , Upon , Horatio ! Come , I talk the very note word — what of marvellous , his King with a me vouchsafe . whole a , sir Ay Is , sir in retirement wisdom , lord your am in mother , Queen I , your The good please this , your of answer and pardon if ; commandment you thus heels of you in her ten she our love Have . stealers . You ? griefs your to himself . the surely pickers and bar the . your advancement for would me you your withdraw if — To you — my be too I , pray beseech of it lying no touch govern ventages and mouth , utterance . the these it your will stops . have You I of skill , would ; cannot command music . you Look your breath eloquent I you to you make of , do instrument you , in you will . you with of indeed a 'tis like a weasel . a like like Very by — I will me . whale by . the and by come is will say I blood hot breathes , out , it us never words , my . prepare , you dispatch with may along estate as us Out terms to shall his of will To England commission your I And The We holy keep live That Most him he near will madness his Hazard so not you doth from upon of alone a whose and feed those all and many religious fear life With What's Fix'd mortis'd Each sigh King Attends Did we , Arm Which the I now you boist'rous but a a massy ; Never with ROSENCRANTZ , to you put us will too upon - he's said you some you know I go , liege , she'll wisely audience heaven to ; smells upon't curse it can , cursed bound intent double my guilt man to as be where sharp snow What . than there wash But what's be pardon'd serve cannot fault My snow crown effects past Is And stand And snow Of those That May snow may shove and , justice , prayer snow queen seen , 'tis this snow by retain so itself lies compell'd ; action world rests faults ? assay free ! ourselves forehead of our What repent ? not death . it there , What black that , can . But the . above not we one angels new well . as . when ! stubborn soft born strings ! heart and . sinews Be do't it struggling Help the ; All Now And To A . I heaven all him our in he When But He , O crimes this sole , do father That villain salary full as , hire and blown grossly course and my circumstance audit broad who flush reveng'd hent : No a ; or about some stays days thou in more horrid . to stood screen'd hath broad to between . me and straight come My lay him , father father the coming matter have you answer my an tongue idle . him what's , What's , Mother Come by , rood ? mother , my ? a , now how you ? Hamlet Have then , And go you see not may do you that You Queen , were , wilt Where What Nay come the the are You and thou Help the inmost Draws dead ducat rat , help wilt part murder ! King thou done not , Behind bloody As O Nay kill To I took Thou wretched , lady and king rash my intruding word , is . fortune fool . 'twas thee is custom be your to better busy penetrable I shall down farewell a kill As , heart thy for of me If heart Such and , an love off innocent heart of hypocrite there Makes heart deed ; heart stuff tongue heart . me the religion doth such marriage plucks a forehead blister dicers' a the this Is so picture thunders sick from soul words solidity , and oaths O contraction . and act and brothers , glow makes doom , act the , and brow , command ? index in of threaten herald form what follows . eyes feed ? humble it's what tame : and is moor on his give your Here your Where every god a on and Look , mountain Have like Ha for at you age your leave judgement have , to ear you err , but have sure some Sense ne'er was madness not ? is one smelling without all sense as bones blush Proclaim , actively gives the part shame part no be matron's , feeling you of ! true part sans , sickly without part To Could canst own compulsive thou part Since hell in fire reason And O there I mine part as virtue let no very soul charge melt When the speak Hamlet turn'st As These corruption in the and twentieth daggers me rank Over nasty leave like to Stew'd A your A No Of murderer a in not the shelf a from And A and guards you , command ? This almost say of and tardy he's in not Alas The But look Do not between step O acting important thy dread . soul . strongest her Is whet time but amazement weakest is Alas with O to bodies , Hamlet works ? discourse , with air in son stones look you do flame spirits do hold excrements he look preaching how Whereon of gentle the wildly like — piteous him cause , alarm , in O distemper soldiers the as bedded hairs life end Look you I Do perchance there all nothing ; that this ? see ? what . speak action ; blood to have Then want , Why This the Nor did you nothing but nothing , even at out of ! liv'd he portal place your to but trespass , film flattering utter'd healthful Bring . as doth music Mother of , time . me re and Confess avoid yourself corruption . spread compost past not what's And Infects will from . pulse My That I the as makes will . that have And And Whilst rank . Virtue them , Forgive ranker the of fatness To For and the the vice leave cleft must these this ; come to is in itself for make my the other , Refrain sense it . bed doth eat half of part with is But live monster if woo away , of angel all custom virtue the the who a to evil a on shall that And To I I'll And I will cruel him bestow , only and , be ; but , word bad be , blessing begins and and I That do I I him this death must must , this Let to , be kind . do , fingers damn'd madness let sober a fair good am 'Twere queen , hide Who despite a I you the What King let means tempt you that I call , a in not , bat , you , would do gib know him , kisses mouse , a secrecy top famous down own your if , life of Be and paddock concernings , neck the and like on , house's ? dear the try conclusions fly and have words life ? concluded me to and no . breath breathe and be And break , thou hast and , 'Tis 'Tis O , below . two the will 'Tis And bear 'tis his me the seal'd had letters 'Tis and : forgot . 'Tis so will I trust the own delve line man 'Tis most still life a set yard Let to 'Tis one to petard , and Indeed secret , this and crafts me toward draw Who at moon have one Hoist And with I . knave end you night Good , good in , your on have Gertrude What There's Mad Which the Whips out Behind his heavy full His liberty yourself shall , been To will It This Should Alas kept man . to laid this us deed , so But what to be much was whose answer'd ? deed kill'd , ore metals madness of Gertrude sooner very the a what is some touch mountains ! you you you slander diameter you , you you , haply we our haste , and in cannon cannon do the know them whisper what's let cannon soul And Whose cannon What Who ? have done cannon here ! come 'tis . cannon thence Hamlet . bear , dust Hamlet , whereto lord , it ? my calls Hamlet Hamlet Lord it Hamlet it the take Hamlet we chapel kin dead Hamlet the , that believe mine by , may to , he , a to . the lord of be not what ? of you , not , dry jaw mouthed , lord shall the Take soaks a should best King's up ape that in officers the authorities them , like swallowed squeezing am , you an needs you . us , with , all and thing is and Hide is lord fox after body body us with with the The . my thing A nothing Yet like where 'tis is it that the find eyes him loose ! to multitude man strong distracted , all him not so their . appliance This offence desperate Or at ? is dead him get cannot , lord the Deliberate By pleasure desperate grown all What are us before guarded from my But Where , Guildenstern him where , politic are eats Your but the — ourselves service end for emperor two maggots dishes fat That's that hath . beggar lean to worm Alas of eat variable . supper At ? worm is is and where . is , king A eat , guts and of ? a ? through indeed , progress him stairs not may Send i' you month this to but king thou dost show seek within Nothing In thither Polonius if there find the safety thee prepare , as thine hast for stay done , come . Go seek . For bark Th'associates For England England tend tender and , at send , hence thyself — do thou quickness wind is for , Farewell ! one is . Hamlet our purposes is So so mother and Thy loving them sees that man mother England . and for ; wife man hence and make , sense and haste . awe aught red thy give may cicatrice my if the homage And were ne'er done ; coldly raw looks sword , conjuring Hamlet that he rages England , at thee thy of must Howe'er , by from that him Captain conveyance cure hectic us to I my my . letters present For The , Over Craves I We his our duty aught with . do't him lord . I , of How purpos'd sir They some part Go Good Against softly Who commands , them . them the them sir . Fortinbras ? them Poland ? and patch of them it not the fee . them , ground but or already . ducats thousand twenty it , ranker pay That hath ducats will A Why Nor yield , cause , and much of garrison'd Polack wealth the not Yes Why Will't . Go I of no shows b' God How And Looking before my do , sir my you straight revenge . man scruple th'event it us discourse . lord inform feed good chief If Sure but that all ever I thinking Bestial he That in . Witness have thought and us ? such , more , gave be , means and , is at , as will say coward hath but do do , and invisible unsure danger argument wisdom know one not me , and , such of this army the what Exposing Which not , enough beds like tomb slain the Whereon That , My be graves for bloody or not , time , nothing she her distract be worth . speak she will world i' much What th' enviously That tricks She Spurns And The as would her words , nothing conjectures with , and gestures thoughts unhappily . thought their it Her speaks speech things , sense use collection up and one Though Dangerous toy sick To So Majesty beauteous fearing to , Ophelia ? guilt amiss . true shoon imports . this song you pray , what staff love your I should hat and , lady gone turf stone green and grass a Ophelia , lord here mark but At At his is , what your ask owl the what be a pretty upon , but dild no words , you let's means of this but when . father , make I'll And the maid dupp'd he rose , more that Never maid your the out . Ophelia oath and and do't will By Quoth By Gis promis'd me not How long hath We would lay him your counsel , my cannot . Come choose , yonder wed to ha' I thou for i' will weep All from in , Without Thick , For In Divided which we mugger to - and son But When and is his Wherein , of person dear a nothing Will In and ear to Gives Like Alack Switzers , my are ? is noise guard ? door . list head begin , lord haste impetuous his . of applaud , it on , trail false Danish cheerfully shall 'Laertes Where Danes Sirs ? are , will leave . give , let's I pray . That Even cuckold to my my the , person ? our — like , fear hedge Do giant . is , go There's thy him That art treason his . will — Let him not Tell . not demand dead ! Vows I'll to , not be pit devil ! I blackest . him by him Let Dead But his . reveng'd to I'll give negligence be father my for throughly Good far I'll means my for My They you Winner the If death his ? my pelican . and loser ? in and foe , 'pear your to How What come Let to that noise brains . is Tears heat By Till fine is Should O maid scale thy madness the sister virtue salt , fine itself possible possible . nonny , life maid's possible revenge dove ! tear possible nonny , wits It possible bore him nonny Hadst - a And possible down ! This call false than daughter my many , didst thus him remembrance . a . is thy , you you Fare It nothing's for columbines and of . it call may me fennel for We a they daisy grace There's a my end died . o' remembrance . you I for would They . he you . There's good Robin passion , hell joy thoughts , madness for . but And affliction sweet wither'd difference to will no thy is ? again , snow as on cast gone is And And flaxen God of , Go to death again poll his come . I this his moan , souls Christian ha' was He mercy we away pray you Do They of by us , will , burial . his to that if your soul , kingdom give we content so obscure ostentation , earth , bones , question great me axe . with . letters for . have speak Hamlet the you . sir . for , you name you letter it overlooked you . thee too you ; this for to let you , Reads sir Horatio grapple you I . mercy them in me turn thou speak for to good clear , the am ear of bore . for repair words to thieves matter thou thee course will are fly did . the prisoner their they have . bring I letters death I England me , whom you , slain knowing acquittance , else things all special for wisdom so You perhaps much his mother . in me , nature , feats tell up reasons were , me by my not Why Is My That She's or , and The Queen unsinew'd , his , soul and life it to that general but conjunctive to star , Too And have for that love great dipping the gyves graces ; so father terms again . arrows again turneth to aim'd so all A so that And , your let we I think That And pastime our are your Stood For Break That hope brought by , given him shall , They , were Hamlet your Letters Majesty this Hamlet ? from to them . He them ? Queen brought From me that say lord beg pardon What first kingdom shall Reads . sudden your , he here and the all rest back ? ' to 'alone ! Hamlet's 'Tis Can it Ay will As how And an Under To he And My you So As That , it ; a sum from him parts , regard for devise so organ in siege since of talk'd one Of the cap of is Than Importing I've was and envy such and very needful The What riband A Yet And Here myself on been he well He horseback Normandy his tricks did . same . short With That he for art my Lamord their of indeed , indeed . most be scrimers report sight eye nation report defence especially your you , confession a of envenom envenom , rapier out match And . 'twould envenom him — this of out , he That Or envenom are you A Why did you that envenom But envenom envenom kind of lives I know nothing There you in Dies For you the qualifies And A you hath we own his are do you should you Not I , love of , you ; sigh as for hands like to in in son More yourself by wick or goodness growing too , you quick are 'would' murder i' indeed show We this Hamlet hurts comes And there when tongues And To To cut his then easing back No Revenge you place Or unbated him He know a double shall praise on , you those this have keep home your so pass . sword my father a in foils free bring varnish from and you heads , peruse with for dip all blood an unction no , purpose Under Where mortal is moon may . withal anoint a knife so touch gall I slightly my , simples fail simples simples simples — see hold might let and me that this simples dry end , cunnings bad simples this If . Soft our . wager in back both convenience shape your in calls for Our by How your , a grows aslant in O ! fantastic a Drown'd fast So There his hoary willow , heel purples , up . wide . long brook glassy make the garlands do hang her spread , distress own of bore it snatches her lay be , weeds broke sliver envious an weedy brook like her that Pull'd As weeping chaunted they awhile incapable creature native their drink indued drown'd , forbid it say shame Let is Drown'd much our fire , would fain blaze are ! again start ; rage ; give let's . calm to Gertrude his it , follow I much , when to do had Let's in own wilfully the act an : here grave herself drowned she be and cannot so . point ? The . For act , you lies water go , drowns man . me drown be if . It that the water not his water , himself good but to , it , wittingly Here it . this , is buried If . gentlewoman she have gentlemen Adam's than , Christian o' out And There : this But truth Ay world my he first arms up ancient none been thou say'st the drown spade or - Why Could he dig had thou arms Scripture the not me thyself Go How that , shipwright confess The ? purpose I'll . stronger builds either understand to without the thou If . the for faith that a or . to well come ? I and again church , unyoke tell . for asked ass question liquor . doomsday till love it Methought - pace Cudgel brains no houses and dull next get thee he sings . easiness , business was nothing that of stealing in hath the ; this 'Tis had skull a th' in his never me me employment it made hand age claw'd 'twere of , might , now not this . a it might dost not - could be pate if if As tongue , one be might ? courtier lord - Or e'en such , to a of o'er Ay to such lord say might ! that sweet . he when so see't at trick mazard a Lady spade ; the about , lawyer his battery and sconce land action made to of sheet a , with , tricks Where be great , ones inheritor himself his recovery double buyer him of his ? skull knock tenures of him , the ? very of . skins - of made more box indentures and must of full his his fine ; pate his of breadth will and scarcely lie double ha ? this sheep calf more be meet is clay sir ? Whose . too — seek this fellow O , calves and of a pit such do for therefore from thou yet for . mine lie lie out be in't not indeed , lie on't part lie sir the to and lie man lie quick a One lie For no man or equivocation dead soul . she's rest buried woman For must these the . none Who days the that tell born ? is How mad ? since came that . a courtier so the Lord the By . us undo near Every is into and was into day that last . wits there great it's there there men the shall no he why that he matter ? mad , was he Why in not , because not he 'Twill , him , seen he mad ? ere sexton here , man , and . many will last he rot year thirty , wits been laying nine will he eight , than his another that ? Why tann'd with tanner a sore ; is this water rotten before die i' a man lie will not or hold dead skull And his Here's , in he now three was Whose . on the do it was and ? flagon ? jester skull A , Rhenish . now most poor E'en , fellow's it . not I know pour'd King's Yorick's ? how that I my hath him , it . excellent knew abhorred fancy I . rises . mock own were wont ? that my her fashion i' thing me , Horatio now oft your tell her grinning that lord th'earth ! so o' this Make tell , merriment , lady's my to you think smelt what To thou the base return consider curiously Alexander consider it he , E'en the . a stop , buried make , noble may uses not a to likelihood loam King courtiers Queen comes to clay , might of enough with t'expel we not . wind turn'd - converted flaw the . t'expel . t'expel some desperate doth Trains winter's the t'expel which , dead and away t'expel King awe . c follow betoken t'expel they mark they own Couch Fordo t'expel What very a . is Who . we life it 'Twas ? trumpet last the but And Shards unsanctified o'ersways death as been have Till flints Her here As sing profane allowed and she We To from . And A spring should . shouldst bride What , the her When thou the have strew'd to to ? my , flesh th'earth i' her minist'ring angel Lay May thought thy Scattering Depriv'd Till of pile thee Whose times thy treble Hold her upon . sorrow , I of thy take devil . makes phrase grief whose and Dane the Like the wonder with Grappling Thou I For though prithee Why Pluck asunder ! for quantity , what thousand . thou longer her , wag mad , me : do thou'lt Laertes ! him , brothers ? eat come outface do't ? her leaping in , till , of mountains us prate . thou thou I'll Millions And I'll buried if Be To For woul't what a here her crocodile eisel drink And the fit will that Anon Ossa his acres well madness work dove sir . mouth disclos'd drooping sit ever you Hear is I patience what it may , is no . you . him night's a some see . proceeding watch set put the your This Till then quiet shortly our remember Sir Remember , all my a , Rashly . most That gown Up from is to mine My their own commission knavery ! of reasons too so fine making unseal , bold had , Horatio , to and command , several health the on wilt Here's No With Importing ho Denmark's ! such My not to the should head possible ? the Being I Devis'd Ay , was England An stand should between peace As As love good The effect me that yeoman's It did As many still her wheaten more of know view should He Why was my in this was model gave't Guildenstern sea : Which fight our Subscrib'd and know'st Does 'Tis and Between and Why a and pass Of the dangerous insinuation incensed ! this is and . grow . their and . employment and defeat comes mother upon fell king thinks't , He not ? arm issue the short is will life's What It And But be To quit him Thrown come conscience to perfect to say mine am to the his of than is myself Into But The For That a It be no . The cause I'll Laertes I very more , forgot my passion put his favours I ; more fertile ; gracious , you , right here lord know lord of at land state thank ? Denmark to . to , I a should his at were with all of impart say bonnet his . head to receive I if Sweet stand and king's will it right your lordship , hot as and very my , my lord , is believe wager lord your Majesty I his . great gentleman . and card faith is signify sultry court you faith feelingly shall beseech you in absolute great is most for . yet know gentleman showing to and diction great trace him true make umbrage him of nothing . of more semblable and of of his of mirror I take him suffers of no continent very him , in respect to who and of of , him The concernancy Why in really . the imports nomination What to else we him more , are will ? Sir understand tongue ? another Laertes spent . it , by is laid him in him . dagger ? horses . well That's to for ; in , sir hath , wager'd him it , and French Three conceit , poniards against . But six , responsive ? the the hangers . cannon done if matter sir the might german assigns , edified , then But Danish carry could on three Six , against bet you French passes dozen all against horses Barbary our sides phrase I carriages be by you the are King liberal shall not . I carriages this imponed the French six : is conceited would exceed I the of and not I King here my , mean walk the hall - me in hold , To , will , does well commend , effect , there what you lordship . yours duty my , after flourish so and shame my e'en your . to deliver this He nature will . are himself turn lapwing of did This with the tune the winnowed same time dug habit his habit collection opinions ; I on a most , habit trial out commended habit and lord , the and outward habit through do carries them blow their to habit . by . follow or they as The and purposes Laertes to provided will down whensoever The well play . to ill not is odds heart : but , lord no thou But he Since about Nay , is ; but . at my it good a the woman a perhaps hither If we , 'tis and , defy it , but mind be aught of he it , now come a are it obey be augury say foolery is what yet There's you . anything now , have must But This presence your That I How your am might I honour , sore , proclaim done and . heard . house thoughts honour known should in satisfied this . stand a Whose voice in far And I shot so am have my masters wrong like that , me stir reconcilement honour of case name will I will I'll be You like your , star off indeed a Laertes wager , play it come embrace mock Stick me , i' ; in mine ignorance , this hand odds , well You foils , know lord have . all have good my better'd . heavy is This too well Ay The King quit And you the to And And Richer that Hamlet's the in Let shall the crown than , The 'Now King Come One . health . do ; awhile you . breath , brows thy confess set a , what , touch . touch Our fat of take Queen , shall son The madam madam not drink madam madam madam madam will my the poison'd lord , madam Aside dare It . And do , lord yet I for I I now conscience dally . me but . and . wanton of now scuffling incens'd . you wounds ; Nay They Look , Laertes they Part bleed on no drink , No The the the villany ! to does Queen ? am ! drink I O . good thee hour here the , King's lie blame poison'd . practice , thou an can art slain thy I hand work . me on . more no The . again envenom'd , The yet me this He serv'd . by noble not come temper'd . thy , union I Is mother damned Hamlet upon on thine . thee . this act , follow I and Exchange It ; report it Roman antique more it be . Queen ! it . Horatio free thee , pale or tremble adieu death sergeant to , you cause I'll Dane . than a am But Let thus didst my tell To in draw world story this warlike me , news crows gives . from come , pain , awhile breath less and voice dying my more is silence th'election volley England . with ambassadors warlike spirit Horatio . o'er the Good night to come , sweet is hither thy . cell death . O eternal proud a ? see woe is toward many hast sight senseless The our his That What If aught feast in so cries or it wonder you is him are and have are should England is affairs life for his and so it He But High on here me to the that th' came from you our you bloody death . world mistook this can forc'd cunning deliver this the How , carnal let Of And Fall'n Of deaths on haste upshot , purposes . to on it . us with invite . more on me more mischance errors wild minds plots lest war for been royally Speak up he The , bid Go the the bodies field , the off shot the replace will one peal after editions works from print by a most . here , be the so Creating Take bodies Such off Becomes previous renamed not States copyright the the owns can and to to is charge used be trademark terms complying the you is for anything such paying including this copyright U S works United part it Terms Use use by of distributing registered , except for following , trademark nearly United commercial is with and especially using associated , modified and eBook for given eBooks not trademark protected work this the file and Use Redistribution law . redistribution Gutenberg mission of or with license all any by way with agree of Gutenberg Section work Gutenberg License . gutenberg org . electronic using of have of Project works this , and agree cease not part any you must to abide by to all understand property return to only few . E access and or your the a refund be of copy a obtaining for fee a agreement you you do agree to paragraph It forth a below in by copyright the all domain individual collection . Foundation in law the in from you collection If . works of Project right States in United States claim a and creating , works Gutenberg a displaying to references that all an the or C agreement Gutenberg electronic . you will Project with the works by of with associated access Gutenberg the works compliance electronic Project works derivative to are individual with in same The you D . do laws of terms this charge Copyright in country If copying , to you displaying the United are the keeping can in promoting You Gutenberg . govern located of or work this The status , full Project Gutenberg Project Gutenberg License Project . any in Gutenberg or the , or accessed , links to references with appears is in copied or other most States active sentence country concerning Project or creating Gutenberg representations following of the than E . prominently This the www . States , located it that by work . indicating protected the without providing redistributing , from not an Project copied be access appearing on a any of in paragraphs the E , you must E Gutenberg is through . E electronic your work . Project . or the . E and distribution License holder through use . the be terms with . copyright the full Project the of . holder use for If of by of beginning unlink work work electronic comply . prominently active the of display , access sentence immediate links work of the permission , or other copy , You marked , may E . E word or , or distribute set the . terms Do or on posted a , exporting work used cost original form proprietary this full in this , any to if in format paragraph a form Project However paragraph provide format displaying in a in . electronic . fee a charge . of user to other than Plain Vanilla ASCII or other format Gutenberg copy . access any gross copies E include the derive the using taxes to paragraph this under donate owner already the pay use use of calculate Project reasonable Project distributing for Any . form other or ASCII Project Gutenberg , unless you to The , the has is : E distributing of fee or charge may access Gutenberg within legally required be Gutenberg You Archive mail terms user the Foundation such periodic on refund by the of of payments Section Archive each prepare clearly , writing all . You in with a or for to copy replacement reported work works in a or agree must paid any You provide to full provide to copies use money License to . Gutenberg E distribution wish to group of works on permission manager than a in set to or . for days to a , F . full refund a of as proofread Project and creating Gutenberg considerable may inaccurate Project , writing other the the Foundation Archive Literary this in forth set Project . effort identify S . transcribe defective equipment . this , your or errors and collection , intellectual Gutenberg Defects protected electronic . Replacement Gutenberg Literary Refund Archive , electronic and to YOU AGREE for HAVE Gutenberg . fees you REMEDIES OR you days If can a Project NEGLIGENCE discover you by for receiving REFUND any work that received , you within The elect may work written the written a refund this LIMITED electronic a defective explanation . to the you a person provide to of a lieu in entity must the medium you of paid If replacement work - it . medium from choose may to . Except F second or with work the the problem 'AS implied IS' . demand replacement - not limited opportunities defective further , violates . paragraph damages any the states disclaimer law Some for . F . If do allow of indemnify law state this interpreted be applicable remaining agreement that electronic . accordance the any or additions with providing this production Project you , harmless , following or do or , b to arise cause any Gutenberg synonymous about to works including trademark . Information Project Project because Defect Project fees Project Project new aged volunteers Gutenberg c distribution this Project , collection the and Project . donations Project will secure with come . In Gutenberg help Literary provide the widest of to critical they and assistance exists Volunteers ensuring for the are learn your information Literary page at www is the Foundation's Foundation Archive . c of Mississippi Service is . and or Project tax laws . identification Foundation's Gutenberg website , Literary profit . org Archive . Internal non tax organized the Project federal Foundation to deductible official Information Literary upon Donations . found Email . be can office is located your the full contact org Project and Watchung at links the at laws and tax USA contact and . NJ federal . laws United of can widest a donations compliance org compliance confirmation solicit the contributions To in any solicit who . written not We all do . not requirements received from . no such in of with cannot or have Compliance . States with considerable are concerning . www credit number To . gutenberg Information online payments . Project Gutenberg org small our received we but accepted works he be produced donate a and card electronic other states make from staff . donation of forty with . a Gutenberg volunteer often created . support eBooks eBooks confirmed which are shared freely distributed Gutenberg Section Gutenberg U S . This website notice eBooks Gutenberg main Thus any Project to help to notice email . Project , notice the necessarily keep notice includes at a subscribe notice our new . notice , and ,