Who's Nay Stand ? Stand yourself . Stand Stand and unfold Stand . your Long Stand . cold Francisco Stand hour . guard bed , there Who ho ground . Dane . this to the night night you who you of . along of . minutes if to let With Touching That us Sit , eyes our approve may this entreated have take sight I He And What so When yond made now then comes , dead , figure thee same In Looks Thou ; scholar the like It like not like Question It would it Horatio spoke me speak to Mark . and usurp'st that , See , It heaven , I it , What thou with which time warlike , buried fair the , Stay 'Tis Before , sensible God Horatio not my more than fantasy ? parle dead this . not opinion know watch our my our I hour , brazen the most of of , work scope strict the shipwrights , the for daily joint is't Who the might be divide impress foreign such That I me inform night such tell subject and toward not And Doth What goes even image Whose , the whisper know forfeit this this so slay ; the ratified his , Well he Against gaged the our inheritance , seiz'd side law , a , lands compact seal'd those competent sir young same life , Fortinbras full there life , to Now of , life hot , to enterprise and and Norway diet hath For life stomach and food up skirts of unto appear life of of , strong state some life doth But it His fell a Hath in to a Shark'd the by source his father . this - that to trouble through and it ere the eye Rome of like so in and , I chief head : sheeted fell mind's palmy is sort Well was That Comes armed our most little Did As high and graves with stood and in of gibber the sick prologue to like the Have But If climatures or me , it though harbingers almost precurse Neptune's As I'll cross may art to be any privy happily , That there thou thee ! grace to illusion ! again comes of thy . walk and , Do I strike Marcellus at it will with which , Shall 'Tis if it it offer is as blows about It it like guilty have heard , the a speak to , air . mockery to trumpet . a Upon And it the crew thing warning morn - throat his earth spirit hies truth birth crowing dawning And they of , long dare no spirit singeth Saviour's say wholesome nor witch , And 'gainst is night celebrated season . And And And hill is power to strike , comes And , And mantle high and will my , we , we , Unto Let us up of in the planets so gracious heard young impart watch dew morn yon in do russet have upon him with to advice seen and , hallow'd and have our needful consent to shall loves Hamlet , what , my speak him , shall pray in Laertes Lords , and , and memory yet be hearts our do't Hamlet of be Though bear To The green jointress our with remembrance in one it ; of brow fought nature , frame advantage us bonds brother . So his most ourself To our hath not by valiant father the state With weak you and pester surrender Thus Who Norway herein proportions the all , dispatch levies Voltemand , hears scarcely Fortinbras law for suppress , young , his of For Out The His further good Giving , Cornelius to subject full and of to Norway scope duty . our . What the we : what's offer native to to reason speak us , Laertes it . is't the thou thy , Laertes , news Laertes you with my more What leave return to , mouth father Denmark France came in confess gracious your bend leave duty my lord , to ? me to my whence now thoughts To Your I favour and show From My them will beseech hour fair you best do Not so is Thou know'st 'tis Ay And Good Hamlet not noble for look thy let Do thine Seek , madam madam No That For 'Tis To you father That , mourning in commendable and must that truly moods of These man the that haviour the the eye play might and they are actions a ; the father lost But stubbornness most a to fault whose who death reason against As ? 'tis you died today , common to theme cried , note throne , and and and and , earth take love bears our and father you beseech back most retrograde nobility let think and dearest toward to comfort , our our to bend and son and our cousin , desire : intent , of . Wittenberg your you cheer mother thy not Be shall I I Let thee pray courtier the chiefest , my ; with best you not of , Madam accord drinks shall ; in shall a go in ourself gentle to jocund cannon speaking into that itself again heart loving and . heaven Denmark to the flesh dew ! God , Come a fix'd . away . not might if increase too satyr a excellent nay seed ; the all , stale , fie . dead a so the Heaven would within thy , had shoes and fed With Niobe , Like month think As — on't on ; appetite grown a were she reason uncle , to woman , Why poor is — old she discourse with like month unrighteous more most galled , good . well , O in her speed incestuous to must you , my same or , my Sir glad do good poor your Horatio I'll make am And glad very am I what And I in see good lord My faith , to truant A make so ? you depart own your you , see your affair deep your follow'd it was do it , Thrift coldly thrift I me , I me to , me , forth , had me lord My me I not see me funeral bak'd . tables me my seen lord , was ; eye dearest , Where I I Or My I for admiration my father till an the witness , King of to you let marvel . For With , King father night like love had middle figure cap - of on me a ! the their gentlemen , pie march he whilst ; length they by them point thus In Been at By truncheon's oppress'd and jelly them they comes . kept did and good , deliver'd father this the upon platform deliver'd to it deliver'd watch . deliver'd yet did : once did would methought in knew I word deliver'd each But where head it and deliver'd , deliver'd address , 'Tis none lord 'tis true . in down crew ; none cock shrunk And I To live none very , indeed none Hold And did none , none strange sight duty ; me in frowningly up . pale sorrow he his ? beaver it , would would It very have much had have sable I A as was seen it will silver'd 'twill It was bid If speak And me you silence tonight sight pray itself person , I hell conceal'd in will your visit ye still , you and fare tongue . well eleven honour duty to So . understanding else your . shall my it I'll My loves Our Upon Give an then My Till I all necessaries sister embark'd as would o'erwhelm earth Farewell the winds you in ; minute ? more so it No permanent more more grow this of , doth but . soil as but service bulk nature No but perfume crescent Think waxes soul alone not temple now , believe act ; of the he in his voice saying may honour Denmark deed particular Then not and for himself greatness For He Carve therefore And sanctity he is As give Than his main your your importunity rear beauty enough desire calumnious strokes of open , sustain withal no . youth imminent of be buttons are best blastments then Youth And As Be wary in rebels and morn of this though safety , ungracious thorny and of some their shall itself to wind A Himself The you And Yet , of , you . for your thy tongue with blessing act thoughts means thought but , are Nor thou Be entrance Of new Of each thou Those Look them - to man each Costly habit ear , but thy as in fancy , purse best of they For the nor select Neither Are a most borrower generous few of but ; and in friend station and ; day be night false as must canst : Farewell And above And For oft apparel and the proclaims lender the follow take my be blessing it This you I humbly time invites do my , leave season this , my . tend Lord Hamlet of to hath he hath bethought something private your so , time told Marry he you that it Given Have me as you audience well very late : you and oft clearly honour truth . many of between not Give caution of and your the think pay , what tenders , me you'll the . lord teach have are not Which you not Running Or , And When the blood catch prodigal of . it honourable hath his the Ay , given more Lends springes tongue vows the Giving You Be Than a to scanter must a Than Do Not And of at him that fire promise than light in their take your command As would The so not of much given his vows with Look eager . twelve struck is What a now it is an hour and It is air and . very shrewdly bites and and and draws , mean tonight , he The and And - drains The does What Keeps as And And to the born breach in though I the east than manner mind kettle The triumph Is and , phrase west . takes height , guilty complexion the their Since From clepe us honour'd to heavy our in chances mole marrow though of it traduc'd for their By As of say livery , infinite Shall The breaking That So down form Carrying , by I some undergo corruption , own noble particular his fault in His King father such in intents airs , my wicked . ignorance ; thee to thy with Angels To a I , Let thy we not canoniz'd their his corse glimpses thus up Hath Wherein in Dane or thee Be Thou speak why quietly , That So To thou thoughts It As But No by do Look It what a go with . you with you to it means no removed speak then And It I not set soul , Being for do Why , my Or tempt dreadful into flood lord , fear be can thing forth again toward the it , desperation of of some your fathoms beneath brain , other madness , me I'll thee follow , on , your My And As as each makes Be shall You off ; make call'd ! lets , him to this will Denmark . direct it him . let's follow state obey thus fit To is , me . rotten in the Speak myself I When , Speak Pity art thou when father's ? What revenge to shall to a the for for Doom'd And crimes away of . my whose - days in am blood , forbid word house of fires , that lightest their young the I from porpentine fretful the eternal and upon Like To ears the and Are To I harrow Would of flesh thou If quills and , As know't to the that with love . thoughts I duller Murder most foul But shouldst this sleeping Now fat , Denmark orchard Hamlet my strange I sweep May to find thou 'Tis given not rots itself stir out me ; in A The serpent Now that adulterate ! noble of power gifts wit Mine my , With Rankly abus'd ; but prophetic uncle ! sting O , and , of with seeming off traitorous — won that his even marriage , it of angel . morning , my celestial air the garbage a bed radiant shape in natural and never will as in in a it sate And my be me of of through in in mine milk posset in ; in doth , orchard within Sleeping cursed of about loathsome , in body it vigour eager blood with my sleeping like - off of even , in All and swift an a as with the it blood quicksilver hand sin ; account , once at queen blossoms the a by tetter So And And a most , and lazar thin Of , smooth . and crust : horrible most ! thee and it , I was life A Taint And and Against Let couch the nature hast prick But mind And In Yea I'll , away distracted books wipe youth And That , and commandment all table fond all there shall , of records pressures ; brain copied while , this me ghost book most volume , villain , old thee thee ; it my Now remember sworn't , lord and lord my HORATIO least , one villain I there I My , him Heaven secure . my , is't , Illo boy noble Come , bird How What news , ho . ho Good say How Nor would But , a heaven and you'll then Not I I , heart of secret . lord all . it ? think grave : you — for circumstance we and hath , my lord my . part — all . from the you desire business desire poor that i' and , at , Horatio , vision me you honest . Patrick And Yes It is your you , much me , And is between good , us . this there but . not swear't we and lord , make What is't known lord , faith but MARCELLUS you my what will lord , have We . my , HORATIO tonight . sayst , my , the thou Art this the Cries , under Indeed Come ha et Propose the of shift upon that again hither your to ubique by this sword Swear , pioner A Well old Beneath ! Canst this a good wondrous th'earth fast it earth . so help you mercy , come , disposition , think meet never shall — strange . welcome so is ! mole worthy , we To to ambiguous at and could , hereafter times such put I arms Or pronouncing , might' , do if be head - this or of mercy With willing perturbed , Swear Beneath this not me love And I commend me , Hamlet So I , us as spirit love his man poor . to your out not fingers I was , come and my it cursed together notes these . Reynaldo shall Before Give well me , at company who , first this What , his lord what my as Than As they By your what are in Look intend make to , did Marry , in Take But 'And As him , may , But What in if't so , or drinking my lord , so , may go him dishonour may season it . charge far in but is may they That not you as my flash and The not Faith Quarrelling My That's A savageness in outbreak lord this — so faults of fiery my That , put : seem a to open general you lord good should do , would drift warrant that . working . son th' sound , would prenominate , Mark closes , sir The ever party Your 'Good He Having 'twere And the to man good Very the or . the According — was Or 'closes or At At 'friend the and , yesterday him then saw or at mass in in 'closes ' or : 'I consequence' with you ay the and o'ertook such gentleman , you tennis' brothel There Videlicet 'I bait With Your And Shall you my So , inclination And Farewell Ophelia , my , Alas My , Hamlet Ungart'red No as with , down was chamber , foul'd all I what's of stockings unbrac'd God have ankle , it . I fear of in knocking each purport , his knees a hat , shirt he My lord , I And his so been he love thy , not What the falls And rais'd As his his did He , he last As And Then with At his thus shaking of little waving piteous his turn'd , on light go of ecstasy will their their his , go — undertakings , itself seek under am letters to made that hath His did I No As leads What , And had , To lack As To , it , than , Come . grief , cast , common discretion known to , long and Rosencrantz , to Guildenstern heard provoke . put hath up our to may from to , your I entreat his here youth brought of thus I so ; What that so you your in glean thus not , of he Good him To To That So occasion That am , he are it men . time of such occasion As to As occasion occasion dread pleasures occasion your occasion and king's more entreaty , in command have you your , us hope remembrance power into full . Guildenstern you and bent , the at . of . feet Rosencrantz visit Hamlet is some to . gentle gentlemen Ay Norway , good return'd practices . him my of you liege . hear . good ? of duty my do us'd cause Hamlet's policy else to of ; th'ambassadors bring to of fruit them queen all my news My of He Thyself of other father's of Welcome , of His I and , be first Give return , tells me is and my shall good what from but our no , friends Norway sift him ! desires appear'd , fine obeys , more never in brief sends in out , arrests ; to out he , and griev'd found him ; age , Highness into whereat impotence uncle he in borne ; Fortinbras Receives Makes rebuke from Norway against and Polack annual with Majesty . his Whereon old Norway , to , fee soldiers shown the joy against , employ herein those you for regards dominions of ; allowance , to give . read together time madam waste majesty nothing is What but it the limbs night brevity brief I call I Were but to Your be . is , for the what and . 'tis no use true I , let nothing tediousness And will be ; to But go . all mad ? art Ophelia — a shall phrase and the remainder whilst , is ; hear thus she , mark . the idol vile but a soul's and surmise , this stay the awhile are stars to doubt numbers O I , believe not to reckon Adieu to him to , given daughter solicitings . love ? means . a faithful and ? of by out I dear prove As What hot love might you — a tale of precepts of her , bespeak thy did went mute and sight : work dumb , this mistress prince And lock should Admit Thence Which That you may been , know ? a into thence now fast make weakness raves , this , likely have I know . ' know sometimes we loose then to , love . And no from his assistant . state a thereon him away carters reason behind my I'll and keep I'll good Lord farm for will you . lord a I Do where . O , give my - thousand That's very , ten of as , goes being one picked good a is . lord , look do . I suffered a . What I . Between ? my , to . youth him my that in speak . tree weak . hams All I not . have if backward it they wrinkled . the that which have a plentiful says hold Will you Though be out old ; and should . faces mean plum potently . Aside that . are go walk this Indeed are so means will him between meeting most delivered . grave ? humbly will more part . and his . willingly life . my my lord anything except life . from you except , take Lord seek . Polonius lord , lads God the go My honoured dear Good . excellent friends children we Fortune's her ? favours we in . very the - not of about live Fortune news of my lord my parts secret the None , But , the , my my news true , my , her , Faith her my ? is that ? my . strumpet a honest me the more hands ? many she your sends particular Then Denmark's is in then , God could be there one the dungeons confines worst a of the substance king it monarchs and , heroes For airy so our honest an of To , such Then . are I am that ? Is am What inclining ? Come thanks ; dear come ; a free but , sent ? not you Were visitation , nay my halfpenny lord say it too . own visit even your with purpose friends dear colour you must enough teach . I But fellowship - ever be , your dear the , youth what let conjure , by for not sent have whether were of sent obligation the our you hold of all your feather . lord shall Queen anticipation heavily all so . for no my fretted , goes to look than seems , other this , the majestical man , beauty in of I , my sterile this mirth foul how , delights Man of animals you seem to of , neither my say nor me god pestilent and noble and , no to , what is ; not there the Why think you my players me ; shall — his target Majesty ; the ; shall halt take for't delight they and reputation whose the tragedians peace whose in shall whose in o' whose end the blank verse the , both the of not whose they , estimation same the whose Do they think inhibition No travel both the and many . thither say ? fashion — them are out on is , sir escoted dare 'em they better to can themselves , they children tyrannically comes How little eyases for't — Who longer to common grow should means them question a ; was player holds money There their — on poet the to exclaim no if the are ? maintains ? How are they not is in for tarre unless there boys about . his too , 'Sblood , twenty little . give lived Hercules away my players . with come Your to in more welcome , would make is there fifty something the Elsinore and appear like players . entertainment ceremony more welcome lest , But - In father to is my of garb this , fairly are . welcome north - west . When dear a handsaw . you the you you and you Well Guildenstern you there a twice come time you second baby you , sir to not a you . he's he lord Happily you will right The have : for have I . tell Roscius When , honour came Then Buzz buzz . ass — actor for historical tragedy his comedy too scene Plautus , individable only or , light ! tragical - men treasure These , are a my and — he passing well ' Jephthah old a daughter ? love I that follows th' look For . glad wot , not since well thee than voice of at a taste fly . Masters ring Thy show most like ladyship it I you like when ladyship , give acted ladyship not the and others ladyship million with mine ladyship received never , an to ladyship sallets no set in , in phrase in there cried matters . a . We'll What speech , straight was lord speech ? once . my , it but — than to tale called down of , excellent modesty lines indite wholesome much as scenes one remember I . cunning , especially memory he at not so lay It , where . and and The rugged this total dread and heraldry With he now as he of couched and is Now blood vile thus , and and With spoken , like Anon at finds . Unequal , discretion sword ; strikes his flaming a lo milky , tyrant seem'd drives command rage of with , orb , still Cyclops' the ; so new forg'd than after Pyrrhus' - hammers proof bleeding sword , a the matter , work fall , Priam the rack some stand below thunder , wheel Pyrrhus' on falls Now With less Aroused rend On Mars's strumpet and to the hill . he too come queen' mobled too down too 'Mobled 'The Run too diadem late Where With too and fear o'erteemed Hecuba bawdry of is too , then her have see malicious sport . up make her burst she seen , with tongue , clout queen' rheum Would Unless The When saw she heaven . the rest has , you Do than live them . brief a to their . desert desert dignity . and their ill . them Good — let hear the time The . a your in Come much My , the more them have you while report less bodikin 'scape should . old , lord . could . friends to you in't study ? set a and , would my sixteen night that Elsinore , leave . conceit her in a That broken But forms voice eyes , and ? whole ? And distraction his own of am I . a not working so a alone I ! he do , stage to would , function his for passion horrid appal with What , the the dull Make I he That That John - Tweaks me calls Who A damn'd villain made and nose beard the , Who : and ere this lack the Bloody , all , take bitter . vengeance ! kindless or Oh am , treacherous slave's am 'Swounds Remorseless this , an ass of dear upon't my and father This most brave , I hell I I ! the soul no have I a I proclaim'd it the I'll tongue malefactions ! a whore I revenge my creatures though With I murder And have For have Been have Have by the very so their his observe murder . The have , mine miraculous like . course pleasing devil . have players will father If of devil have I blench spirit quick and , with potent and such spirits thing . the , the hath , melancholy , King have I'll of conscience the this I'll from from do When Of Did Most forcing a with , of , joy court players demands his . gentleman of question but that Of , it he beseech'd To , content . play play , delights edge much play doth Majesties play ; before have play entreat play . it and ; drive That For play play Sweet Gertrude , have as father bestow as he is espials , unseen seeing frankly Ophelia lawful accident by leave too here , love behav'd I do virtues , you for your it . honours his both That so book , wish may your , of We are to may Read , Ophelia , action pious much lash true ! this you , this visage devotion's sugar prov'd show you — To such And a my deed O , is , 'tis slings or be to The To be Whether take opposing ; them end - and arms and nobler of a die of outrageous against in The That Devoutly To sleep wish'd to shuffled so and proud of , the the law's , long man's contumely the his merit patient When But With that the bare That insolence of himself he grunt traveller country , a would something and undiscover'd , makes bear wrong ? sweat us returns dread of , cowards cast , moment turn awry thought , resolution of thy , in pale of hue make with regard all this Ophelia The name their action of o'er thus does of and currents the conscience humbly the native of enterprises With does That My honour'd never No now to have long receive them you did . day a many yours deliver , discourse no admit should sooner paradox honesty will of love you did you proof bawd for to This to , be What fair the ; is likeness stock should not we . the a cannot not deceived a you breeder . borne thou me be beck time I proud or , earth and to thy ? nunnery are put , to thee that thoughts arrant ambitious to them my nunnery to in wouldst could I yet to but mother were it to to be O in's him At to upon help give to . and ; well quickly as you Or what farewell enough you heavenly , go , you you , wise you , I'll marry dost If you to and , and of for fool face . shall live , to have Go The will God's shall and ladies and out tune , and deject , of mould the , is as that state eye fair his music ! sword ! harsh youth , soul little . see , me see that what seen . affections , madness like O'er I he Thus different neglected our shall in for determination to , thus What matter objects seas demand shall countries beating think . fashion This the and . commencement Ophelia How , said his him : to settled not it if his grief queen . all you his their plac'd show I'll all We heard from The From need It great , where unwatch'd go not it of as you use lines , pray I you crier speech if But spoke all my mouth , hand , soul , robustious to - fellow tear you air trippingly must shows , who acquire very players to you do offends the too to it , the but O . pated of inexplicable me . passion a whipped you your let but , is form make grieve ; it pressure her playing Herods - too not Be and is time though her , whole and having , nor others theatre heard and hold modesty whose image , overdone nature the anything this tutor special the but allowance it , be of play with that For quantity . some those clowns question had so us there necessary , villainous Go make . ambition speak your to will them most a pitiful meantime uses That's . fool How What , will ho , Bid the , now piece of presently hasten . GUILDENSTERN . lord my as O cop'd lord service . my e'en just withal a conversation . at flatter ; election her the pomp hear absurd . And , herself of soul distinguish hinges lick should , the clothe no That And Where Hast sound is That my a play Something thanks that and a pipe , slave and judgement Fortune's all For well ay thee do scene is I I Even , with One To That ta'en with what stop core they are in and my much near before I wear him guilt occulted of that comment of have . will both will to him Give our his . seeming whilst the pay I Well 'scape steal he If And I mine his have speech his one soul judgements note heedful seen as join . Queen ? Polonius Ophelia , theft is play . lord my the you King our : crammed this To answer did nor , No i' promise have I mine That did part brute a I , I Julius was , so th' a Capitol . Brutus patience . here's they ready dear , me . metal lie do ! King shall , good No hither my the To . your ? legs lord between my lord my meant . head you think That's think I nothing maids' lord . merry your how cheerfully jig You , my ? I , my mother ! then great , there's ? Nay a by'r . man's - churches , horse the lovingly , forgot of protestation Queen very , Lays him Anon upon . embracing , unto in ears comes a takes and is dead finds it returns his She She a and head is makes his the Enter is The Queen , kneels is , takes seeming woos to is with her . She King awhile . The in , is passionate O he him her is bank , a fellow the again ? mischief . means but , and love play they'll counsel to ; you means are us , Is this You , of lord my love As thirty and orbed ground , sheen our , distrust nothing , holds in it though , and lord extremity made hath . grows my quantity . fear , state former are be and moon done late of . sick distrust from woe So I far is women's In you cheer . so is , in shalt what And fears great , siz'd , great you fair . in accurst thou one treason let but husband needs , and haply world as , first of marriage wormwood , thrift that Aside second When I what husband kill my of believe Are What 'tis we sticks on the tree , memory they violence ourselves ourselves Most you do is the do what , birth Purpose like unripe but slave but violent fall pay To necessary to But Grief joys most enactures , with joy even 'tis man great The This Where own to , Their to on of tend : run contrary I orderly needs shall And who And poor love a our is fortune question should , advanc'd not The hitherto For lead makes down doth in devices fates and ours die But So But wilt no so none husband lord nor me blanks turn from day and hope joy , destroy , leave sleep with , dull sworn And spirits Sleep come tedious grow would have pursue should , once If Ophelia and widow , ever break it now . much too how play this us , awhile ? you methinks word no no image This of , free have and we ; Marry how Duke's wince 'tis you , do What no Have you , anon that good gall'd the Gonzago poison call touches unwrung . but not the the are our , chorus , your the , and dallying take off the King us : work piece one the It keen you withers the the leave for doth thy time , Pox . raven , and groaning a to my , seeing infected thrice weeds creature ; agreeing . dire collected see Italian . estate very murderer frighted The for's in and him On poisons He is , with lights with with . deer play , with . weep some away forest runs with , sir this For some So ; with cry with in , the must watch the strucken go , with ungalled ungalled ungalled dear here — ungalled , of roses ungalled a ungalled . reigns now pajock realm O Damon . thousand Didst . poisoning ? have ghost's word pound . Come the you with — sir , marvellous ? with sir . this perhaps him and start choler , frame . hath spirit , sir pronounce of my into choler plunge the not signify purgation sent me affliction . most in am wildly . your mother's such shall I , answer my . are of , matter can Therefore she a , hath ; your Sir cannot , you and — My . My is But but to you . struck mother's of stonish a ! ere . into admiration mother admiration heels so obey is liberty , Sir once I once ? once . of the — once you why with once if you . have Denmark once lack the the King voice — as see the , when , the not O I me Let while grows grass one duty lord you . of do beseech I pray , I the most my you , me I as But , and with ventages lord it thing command I cannot eloquent music as know no it , your finger discourse . these mouth your to you know a any skill how seem there and ; my be played much me sound speak excellent of stops ; my , from me . music would you than make it ? bless cloud you that's the , Queen would speak almost with God like to my come say come will by will said night , do to 'Tis and churchyards such Soft business could very — bent will by is bitter Now witching I as , shent , unnatural use but be her to Therefore it she in , not be enter this not . ever not grow stands . shall commission range nor not him let The your Hazard to madness like I will Most That To 'noyance weal is rest falls , alone general a with the small and huge whose mortis'd will fetters pray I annexment ruin petty , but ; footed - upon to this . fear speedy mother's , I'll going ROSENCRANTZ now you , Never , GUILDENSTERN . too , will he's his , bed liege my should mother , tell nature that you process Behind , speech I'll you to eldest , lord is It call makes more said some upon of the arras . Fare what Pray as . heaven , I my defeats my strong can curse it Thanks offence dear upon't will intent begin heavens , hand , mercy serves shall not smells , sharp as business I What itself than thicker both in man enough the ere But ? turn is fault cannot effects for ; being pardon'd Of Can To wash But in Were Or My That mine . Forgive since I , and still offence of visage but down In crown My forestalled my me my the retain 'tis But of world this corrupted And There his the nature law may currents and ambition which did pardon'd own one is no in To stubborn as soft All Bow Be I it he now , angels new well Make born strings is my father do hire this my He . A so heaven Now And To Up But 'Tis in drunk swearing no , has That At sword Or hell physic but rises be This trip Then When Words fly My , that may He words up thoughts my never to go heaven lay and screen'd , mother not coming hear , stood . me the father offended . idle . him ? so wife so so ? so , Draws murder so wilt ho not of you so up you ! help so the inmost ! me . rat ducat O hast Is thou am I I , O Behind Nay me not it a king kill marry brother . good bad with Almost and 'twas , deed . As king . Take is busy heart bulwark against thou braz'd it dar'st . me wag ? blush hypocrite the I is damned it , so That . Leave Thou sets . the dicers' of takes modesty sense so against . Calls blurs , A , Look That , As very of this solidity . oaths plucks . glow doom , and and index and brothers this and Jove brow and , command , and , hill , mildew'd eyes feed ? and eyes ? age and seal follows , what now of form - herald threaten a set heaven the assurance seem and Look husband your was Could batten day it on his waits hey step could it reserv'd in But apoplex'd Nor ecstacy some such Is motion on you motion Would Else motion Or but mope . sickly eyes of ! matron's where sight , motion all sense , charge as motion without hoodman What devil ? shame motion no And To thou If in her , and enseamed grained to Over corruption In Stew'd the like speak sweat but making . bed ears ; nasty of , mine tithe , part of . patches . and the it That A Of . A your cutpurse a from . And put shelf more wings your with gracious . tardy son . your mad . and , lets dread passion he's and say forget amazement he's he's Do The Do to , between weakest bodies thy almost . he's acting , Is her he's , do That he's , discourse hold your incorporal is up , And how heat patience son ? convert me stones he have you — conjoin'd make Will stern capable ! and the sleeping flame Whereon do you upon to for perchance ? want with cause true nothing see ; did father ! Why , Look My where he even in , hear . is at Nothing all ? but ourselves look goes his coinage creation cunning very bodiless This doth ! is grace , to love Bring . will Lay your And I the . re , and mining test not keep your . madness speaks which the to , come , past what's And Yea thou and Virtue curb away But . night Good And purer cleft woo them For in cleft do To hast cleft must vice for itself Hamlet cleft , go with to the cleft eat this and livery cleft , bles'd him nature easy of , cleft good this be lord throw easiness . doth sense actions shall use either you of and I That do repent me with . are For , good tonight ; out . their , So change can . Once desirous beg gave more must , potency heaven to blessing will I bad will and good . reechy you you tempt King What means , that I I again shall of call , your ravel . concernings paddock in the fly conclusions your in the ? from 'Twere to in on your madness let sober , top secrecy do ? wise gib know , bat Who , a fair , a , ape to on . two so I will sweep fang'd enginer , work 'Tis ; 'Tis Let . they it have must and below 'Tis go . meet most 'Tis , directly yard one line 'Tis delve the For 'Tis And bear 'tis his And marshal will in lug shall set two man This , in life . into When set set the moon me the , this Indeed set set packing . room , prating set an . knave them little set seen sighs while us on my , lord sighs 'tis we these is your Hamlet sighs fit when this Bestow sighs matter sighs place , Gertrude sea his out sighs Whips It hearing hearing And had you how shall liberty hearing hearing Alas , so is hearing this bloody us threats to . apprehension hearing everyone ! deed heavy O with full be kept on O'er Even To it from Shows But we sun ship The of life . Where hath metals , it he , is a touch some base for , of weeps what body draw apart . Among He excuse our with Polonius he , you him madness , seek Go And Friends let what's Whose level the shot whisper done , so haply slander , miss his diameter , friends pray dragg'd further hath . Gertrude them poison'd pray untimely And And soul pray pray the As pray Transports hit the pray woundless full air cannon world's o'er Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ Safely Who What O , with it where us Compounded lord chapel Believe the take kin Hamlet on Do not ? his his ? mouthed , but , first again . dry gleaned shall understand you and , I it . body A of I tell the you is body , A Bring nothing . me sent I How , my ! fox Hide to And But This 'tis lov'd of their put distracted but scourge their weigh'd eyes ; your . us Bring guarded where cannot But lord dead ? body Where , he e'en creatures all worms king fat politic with that and . the ! of that of hath thou fed but and variable of not him ? dost king a how What you hath through . shall him But , find find stairs the come up there if you seek . hence , grieve stay till will deed hast ready For . do tender thou Which that With bark The is which So that sees them man mother loving if , my . foot and mother . Father so at not , and flesh Away him Follow and wife That ; it Delay else him him seal'd and haste aught sense , awe red free ; England he effect at , rages Do Hamlet conjuring which it full . duty the with us rendezvous his eye in him a , by his , sir these powers some How The against the go Truly to nephew Against Goes to speak , it , not thousand debate is This the Why Will't dies breaks , b' . sir ! straw and peace ducats wealth humbly I That wi' you occasions feed us made that and ? do . of is me wisdom discourse beast and capability , his no time a and against inform and his sleep Looking oblivion , precisely quarter'd or craven and and before Of To fust That and with , reason godlike unus'd thinking A Why and And have To Examples and all and that spirit mouths Exposing not . Led a three and to parts ever , of the is by eggshell with delicate divine , Rightly great stain'd , dare see , men fame for thousand twenty to a reason while cannot try trick beds the fight , father a have That let sleep and my of slain the Go to will importunate mood Her speaks th' i' She speaks things Her . half but enviously of What would will not speak . pitied she , be have says beats doubt , them yield in speech at move aim collection words winks would Indeed world at sense , and , heart , own be might there think one her The And Though nothing as to jealousy guilt , of Where is in the beauteous to sin's some great is Denmark Ophelia one I his staff this ? pray gone , look sweet grave not lady pretty , you do owl with to true all Which Larded Alas the ; this you say , Conceit what say not They How may was we be . God be at window , you day . his door . sun . th' i' . well think be hope , to so they thank must your ; Come good , brother choose , cannot My I coach night you springs , shall ; grief deep would night , you will I close . good . Of your unwholesome gone remove in from we . containing fair ; her not O First just of . death and , When from the poison son sorrows . the Last Feeds Thick . Next For In Polonius' . and and her inter mugger which , on his wonder necessity brother is much we him pictures secret himself his ear clouds , death arraign , Let ear wants in , buzzers of to keeps infect . O stick nothing Like and a Gives Switzers Save ocean Eats Alack is the , the yourself flats , were more list , lord , known not custom props now rabble ' cry false broke you . No you , give I will Where is drop blood my here What Cries true cause Laertes , would king not looks the doth will can treason such . hedge a it him to . Gertrude peep Do giant what Tell Gertrude like our , divinity rebellion Why thou art thus is my . devil blackest be allegiance not he , Conscience Let But him demand his dare That both throughly , shall not stay Most Of for shall go far , know to death his blood - rendering ope my pelican speak with life my kind friends Will the know his am level of , that , death it . eye your come . seven times noise virtue in What ! How Tears paid O , sister kind , is , tear , rain'd wits thy him bore his , barefac'd some old where , nonny . move , him thus didst persuade call the is you It thoughts , is , false daughter . steward love thoughts . fitted some give here's and must you you ; father daisy columbines herb my my all is , favour affliction turns Thought She and His All flaxen he mercy Go He all of I choice and or will kingdom give , ours we friends wisest right God commune me this Do , by you Be And To we direct hear , our by . judge And find If whom your all but patience with content so this To give Let means No of , trophy His No to heard Cry be due ; nor nor I must as 'twere formal obscure hatchment call't from , rite in question . for . world Hamlet . sir , you for letter him I am let shalt him bound . Let should I greeted God 'Horatio to , th'ambassador Horatio means , as that please at the I the will as . Reads old ship our like to light where for speak thou me am of , them I thine me in the And do't To speedier , that to matter haste Guildenstern the . they knew what they I course Farewell direct will they have wouldst fellows . thee yet for , thine these heart you may letters them . you way me , friend acquittance with life much . up all things , else Queen myself unsinew'd , stirr'd The , his The in that wood gender so loud arrows , again stone wind them my aim'd , sphere , motive bear to their him , affection , may mount But for go the come and You all age danger hear love shortly you to imagine more flat shall , not ? He . Claudio brought . saw them naked on I eyes am set your my 'Naked the Know here character postscript Can And in this sudden pardon thereunto and such thing ? says . hand advise , abuse him so be be sickness . him warms It I If should Will it so it you be ? lord to return'd means . accident uncharge the devise it rul'd right , travel much a from , be will I I did one light settled his careless for cap of wears less , that is A the together unworthiest livery becomes he thought , horse topp'd brought , French this the , his but demi his my natur'd . nation . this guard The you . exercise , especially , indeed nation eye envy with , motion them Hamlet sudden Now your , of a my dear ? your father . proof of ? you to ? do , spendthrift : th'ulcer accidents , it abate love many this that very the within goodness own would ; to a nothing kind A there are his , is hands delays That and a would changes : church th' murder ? chamber excellence come within close , double you your bring varnish on , all that you , a your shuffling so practice choose . together , with you He being remiss point death slightly means , performance bad this time this of of death If through back , see might Therefore our may , from blood no cataplasm I'll I . save withal if gall , end dry , him — stream , and long make glassy fingers call , name men's boughs do the liberal shepherds give , dead her hang maids That But As weeping , snatches and could their melodious wretch it weedy her like of native heavy , But chaunted envious clothes brook awhile her with her . is she from like they Her bore her spread old distress drink death say our will The I have a speech be I hast Adieu of fire these are . poor tears nature ; it . gone lord yet , blaze salvation own in Is to she is she sat thee I How that be , unless and , can I drown hath her it her therefore argues found myself is . It and . drowns himself this . to must if se offendendo Here not , me to go man — Will lies water drown if not water that you there countenance Christian in even is they Was grave . or buried this is the Why , ha' What Scripture to thee . digg'd If . bore . Scripture ? I'll The confess shipwright , the . none to the . thousand Now tenants ; come again , the carpenter mason ? for faith , now me mason a tell well well Ay , well - maker in ? gallows is do , no and more ; beating brains thy with Cudgel pace . The Methought the was nothing , very I did love a his was meet . a little age me steps , of hath the sense been hath As courtier might be might It horse , offices ! to o'er ? a - ' when he which Ay now my one's , my ; the about the revolution Mine these . For O a and pickaxe A loggets : spade Did with to , bones Here's no breeding play , an and had be tricks Where sconce to . of , lawyer him a meet is a and such spade , of guest sheet ; made ? and of his ? his his with of his buyer , fines time will rude knave not quillets , suffer this his . him and more be and recognizances , fines the dirt double and full pate fine of purchases this no jot parchment lord , Is They Ay and skins in assurance this I ? sir Whose calf . grave's be , yours . guest is for liest . the . to me ; to , I be What ? man then none woman What 'Tis lie in't sir dost dig sir . for neither be , must galls grave a he Lord sir is is of so - his these three the soul her is For Who woman picked Horatio buried dead thou long peasant comes hast card , day England he ; and the ? to't that sent was It mad that that he can was into . is he recover his . since fool mad not — sent Why there no England ? wits or mad as he as boy ere th'earth years he here man ? and many earth whoreson the it Whose . was was ? sir skull This . A it was ? think pour'd A was , know a for mad rogue once most now gibes Yorick Here were her laugh o' looked E'en so ? E'en my ! my me one , And smelt base what we may so uses of 'Twere curiously to a not returneth it jot to to lead as . But to thus him with , might they not we . clay away in . King wind world comes Here , that . c . betoken doth ? Who . maimed we ceremony been Her as far was ; home rites . virgin be charitable thrown the For unsanctified o'ersways command should the enlarg'd have great in trumpet be and such done be service no , burial done dead to . souls rest , flesh . Farewell Hamlet's been my deck'd grave wife ? Ophelia th'earth i' . When . bride flowers What spring thou liest shall my sister be , And Till pile Hold on treble woe that and made , head the more the in once earth ingenious dead have mountain Pelion old this of To is he whose , whose ? Dane stand of rash throat ; quiet wag brothers , forty thousand no fight . my eyelids will her , thou do for love ? up drink ? do't thou his quick with on a ? Make ? eisel ? outface buried of pate rant I'll like Ossa ? awhile her patient ? fit the couplets use thus may what will have he dog and himself ever Hear will , sir ; me matter , Horatio wait our a Horatio Horatio the grave then Horatio Till sir Horatio have some matter living Horatio shall proceeding we over present push speech night's . Horatio — son your see the ? fighting lay I Methought bilboes Rashly us well that and us let ends we shapes sometime do divinity pall hew a There's our When Rough - plots deep And prais'd be Our cabin me ; to exact an , goblins my England's sorts ! where manners , I , Horatio , too reasons , at more ? leisure in of . the axe bated life , with it make thus I to wrote it me : labour'd thou King them As to forget write play , our do , much wear might , charge contents , death or more know their amities . heaven ? seal'd was in my : other , that of that signet purse - was my father's in How even had sea fight gave't I changeling 'Tis Between what a king is . baser my near Of dangerous not are man not that it He hath Popp'd Does Why , now my , upon , life my nature . of . of grief cause good to myself I ; Horatio sorry no . of his I'll of tow'ring lordship of Your Peace my forgot I of image will It of is is humbly No , thank sir ; my the , and , lord I thank right I your it to me at land the mess ; Sweet my my Methinks , it his on me , you — I cannot faith this matter that 'twere the lord indeed for , has tell is most for see I yet verity to gentleman showing , Sir . of , gentry . here of , his in memory part you or a calendar great and card society continent he , him in find his in and neither him definement suffers to rareness lordship another ? wrap infallibly most speaks Why Your The in Of understand sir His really Sir are , him ? are , would — spent in . ignorant yet you sir , You his ; but he's weapon know his that to compare what confess for but , dear , he which , assigns imponed , The King has you faith their sir girdle knew in , call be might six : the swords be the matter if till their the it French this all that's as dozen hath your laid on you bet here of time and I King will , the , not To duty my sir Yours it your . turn , yours to I the he before runs lapwing dug with He comply of the opinions , same his the winnowed hold pleasure him , lord commended him play Majesty with to to that My fitness I to , mine constant am , and time to well you to . entertainment coming whensoever follow now Queen and before you In , me play in think . giving as their gain lord But odds thou : went such the Since all's such heart it . such kind woman not . such trouble is but dislike anything of such leaves such it come he and am knows , as , I pardon't I you sir come , me your here I What presence But How That Was't And Hamlet ? then it , ta'en . If't wrong'd honour terms stir of reconcilement peace known of of . wrong not your a revenge am in brother arrow my shot And hurt this I in But offer'd But love . that , love offer'd no elder ungor'd offer'd it offer'd offer'd offer'd offer'd sir Stick You the the offer'd Osric , Very You Give them Your Grace do not he since has laid the , I . heavy have seen , another see have throw the without , to heavens earth . speak , the cannoneer to kettle that . trumpet ' the four successive he their to drink the have trumpet The The let than the shall in Denmark's Richer crown the And , 'Now Come Come , again . No hit . very . rub , napkin and , son fat Queen carouses Good . take shall win of scant , I pray . pardon . you me late . too not Hamlet By now do my conscience dally . but . and rapiers . they change now way Come ? neither . scuffling wounds Laertes Hamlet , at Have you ! ho is ; in a as am I No , no it Treachery ! drink Ho Seek door I ! treachery own Queen bleed the out drink , villany the the ! thou , blame to ! Thy . me envenom'd world Hamlet can . be lock'd Lo here . thy poison'd mother's , in is I . The and OSRIC venom ! I treason LORDS work serv'd . Dane damned , hurt . Is mother justly this thy union , this to sergeant Horatio am could chance adieu follow . Hamlet . you , act Queen , I , me man Heaven , name behind , me . I'll left it , from , heart live in shall by ; unknown hold , from felicity thy ? come England gives warlike with This to . with the has hear He th'election from more and . voice occurrents my solicited , do The rest the And Why So cracks sing If aught sing or havoc , see your sing sing sing sing . us fulfill'd dead . is are we Where Rosencrantz should from of life commandment to mouth . question these bodies placed give wars Polack so gave upon , speak things let on from You And How these on , put in on the Of accidental deaths bloody about to stage me Are here arriv'd , jump order that unnatural casual , judgements a heads this deliver audience doth heads to , heads . heads heads heads , heads me kingdom more mischance . more perform'd lest , happen wild amiss as much soldiers a . is . the copyright United not States protected . previous the be editions print no States Foundation from the of so royalties and the may of the copies for the you license you Project license Gutenberg and easy works use , electronic protect copyright . other you of To license of by do . S practically distribution Gutenberg Section . the used on or whom entity agree associated the with electronic . do the works help There terms any that be . to you are preserve owns Nearly unprotected the . compilation are in the public copyright follow lot if free or the you and in Project . to creating or references all free compliance access you will the are individual States displaying States PGLAF works United format you with of before agreement distributing the check in a . in Gutenberg with Project same D . the The do or Unless the of phrase any , viewed of associated Project the of for whenever performed the is a Project with United to Project in any . must : or Gutenberg Gutenberg sentence copy give no it away in anywhere with If have . world www you protected that States United . notice or Gutenberg associated with or paragraphs . anyone the in is not are must E posted . Gutenberg E If using electronic copyright with . Project located , are United the If not texts . country States individual is U posted an by S copied a work E . the all any found for . remove the Project Gutenberg Additional . and . Project the with work and through Gutenberg , through holder or this , perform associated any detach holder work . work E terms the at copyright work , of to License this in full terms . E or , Project with in , provide format access the , the Gutenberg sentence or , this not work with Project Gutenberg without distribute electronic in website additional or a nonproprietary form However if work in . in Project other official the work specified any . paragraph as or access You to that for , to format no of alternate in access electronic you applicable your with . E must its include . E Gutenberg fee gross Project , The to . but the such as on periodic at the Gutenberg specified in tax Foundation a Project by user Project he has Project be or Royalty royalties prepare your date - the physical user copies return days of medium discontinue Gutenberg that if , days the refund a a of full you for a works reported replacement works . in access and a of to the of of to copy . work a , of electronic You E . money any electronic . If comply you work in forth the set Gutenberg from are . to protected . Gutenberg not works effort do U collection identify , Gutenberg . transcription infringement a to trademark for and Literary Gutenberg electronic or . of cannot owner distributing , of the the agreement party , any this your equipment . that the or disk or other Right damaged or , DISCLAIMER , described in HAVE expenses FOR NEGLIGENCE , STRICT Project disclaim all Project - for the can a medium it it you days work OF costs and NO received person money if you OR receiving the must entity provide to may choose to lieu work you physical explanation a you any paid replacement , If refund a you or , set writing forth second a provided you you in the WITH in refund a in received person give , electronically may problem 'AS replacement the demand of disclaimers to forth of of to right provided exclusion states not law electronic copies any You any If . F . shall providing production , including INDEMNITY of permitted limitation electronic following additions to cause alteration occur or , state of and shall agreement . of Project Foundation not indemnify remaining - owner . of agent this agreement that cause , b directly arise and all with the new and a , or any c and computers free the by widest and of walks provide to support people and they goals Gutenberg and Literary are critical Project come In Gutenberg reaching collection and Gutenberg see Foundation profit about . about non of - about gutenberg help , the Literary org about Literary and contact Email about granted and tax Gutenberg Literary Archive about by widespread mission without website up form Many that donations small , contact Foundation's the readable . to carry widest be keep a takes and . readable compliance donations meet exempt the it particular To readable state locations in regulating the states uniform many do written . readable from contributions donors readable to donate who prohibition we readable no from states of for confirmation not in donations charitable of and the www unsolicited gratefully donations do approach of concerning us requirements the met are of visit and accepting against we check including donate of Michael General please checks donations . tax are of www shared Gutenberg , Information About forty eBooks Gutenberg For with a . payments Hart eBooks are library S concept distributed United States Project online visit . Project of the could be donate org a in credit To . donations that of works electronic , a from org Project our to donations help to gutenberg PG about new eBooks new the about the . any Gutenberg to information . has which Gutenberg www produce Project make , subscribe