yourself . He the most . at sick Get twelve relief struck a , good night stirring mouse meet thanks this watch , bid them , ho . the . Dane . good you Friends to farewell my , Give , what , place honest , who good Barnardo is has hath you . night . Marcellus good hold of him of , night come it us this . to apparition ears pole myself . this us let same Last Barnardo t'illume , Marcellus it and Mark ? King speak ; me it Horatio . to spoke Horatio . night of time of I and majesty this speak thee ! speak answer ! look . pale . more on't than tremble ? and fantasy ! this ! avouch not hour watch dead our by at my and gross strange thought scope of opinion state , observant he watch , land the that , cannon task : King last Our us to appear'd so ; now I goes but can whisper That the prick'd Whose least , image as Was Dar'd Thereto , At slay Well this this side ; our ; by so Did Was Had fell His Hath Of I The So by his Is And of terms the think armed is ere squeak Did mote and graves little was and to Comes Disasters in with stood the In Have As even stars soft , though and And prologue heaven still of doomsday with eclipse events fierce omen together . fates on coming and earth the again illusion ! done voice , to or me , use Stay . and , me country's of . thing good Speak thou any sound to ease grace , me to thy ! uphoarded spirits , here it at strike I Stop , Do Stay Marcellus you in hast womb of walk speak stand partisan ? my it here gone , the show being of , air cock when like his , of Whether in sea , or the cock with lofty ; at to I . air , throat the trumpet the started ever comes season . his hies , stir no then birth say Wherein The that is sounding long night dare power the part believe in But So The that Saviour's witch gracious is , of watch impart Hamlet ; up dew for seen upon have mantle . it , hath spirit no strike , to . charm time nor hallow'd and so heard the young , our to us shall the and do yon in my tonight , and , our of Cornelius memory in green Laertes Where As needful in loves , this conveniently ; with on think hath far so contracted with be That Together with sometime . our , state queen joy , marriage , him fought sorrow remembrance wisest jointress to dropping dirge have nor wisdoms along , follows mirth in weak worth Fortinbras , freely all know of which with a defeated , of lands us much , him law , frame dear and of of all with time of here . death young , hears suppress the of surrender to with to thinking Our Colleagued hath Or not Importing He state be dream fail'd his , that proportions ; and , So bonds , all here to made personal , scope duty the more your we and ; that You , gait Giving We You told now and , good King commend will with ? What reason suit offer wouldst instrumental is head shall voice of your the throne What Denmark some speak . my more Dread lord , thy ? return Your From The The That Than willingly I duty , asking , Laertes mouth ? Denmark , to favour and leave my must I show duty , came your confess and To thou wishes bend that toward coronation though whence France leave ; give him hard . will son less than seal'd I you fair thy Aside How By will But A it so , the graces Hamlet hang clouds that my cast still am is too much i' , on thy ever lord thy kin Denmark . like lids dust die like must thee like particular madam Passing 'tis for like the in father , solemn I with . like ? know not like . lives eternity noble thy for Seek like common all through it to like , grief ; seem of and within actions are I but , not Nor Nor nor it ; of inky ! 'Tis But they can That Together the forms a which a is incorrect for father to passeth man the in trappings duties lost mourning nature ; Hamlet term to , in most know understanding simple be thing opposition sense unschool'd 'Tis to mind and , peevish , and , most From first heart the the Fie ? against reason be This fathers the dead who ' ; father You of must of so whose fault us hath to nature , cried , note , intent , remain son , mother lose cousin and prayers , and to ; us pray , thee with courtier retrograde to back most beseech , bend you no most It In Than , I And and health jocund No cannon heart ; accord Madam fair , shall clouds ; madam Wittenberg . reply thy my all a in that O Thaw rouse King's But , heaven Denmark and to speaking resolve of , O God , God unprofitable ! fix'd ! world garden this come to not and Or How on't seed So ! nay so might a to two His Possess grows Fie But not roughly Why increase — thy name a woman were is heaven , two , with that ere to , earth on of , my the beteem her As it what Must I , fed month on't , mourn'd left O , flushing in no but her . Within unrighteous , sheets to reason father , uncle mine , my she married most galled to good tongue my hold I for your lordship you well : Had married it tears . wicked speed come my servant forget the not , myself see good same I . name ? poor do ! that , sir Wittenberg from good see , you lord . even enemy report so truant . depart Elsinore . say own of my your ? truster do that you know I in . fellow your - father's heaven Horatio , to you . my that forth , I mock me , see follow'd meats tables bak'd goodly was a eye methinks had , father ever I In My he ? the my , man not for yesternight ! your while like . again . may I of to For Saw an ear , gentlemen these Barnardo waste stately and : with - march , deliver . night watch , father distill'd to the of middle and dead Armed Appears thus Been Goes By Almost dumb Stand to jelly I hands had deliver'd word not Where the These thing . the upon Did apparition In to This , the once yet : and in watch , address would ; to watch speak it , morning it It lifted sound And at then Itself to motion , my very shrunk vanish'd we As And , indeed you BARNARDO but the MARCELLUS To watch my do We did let you know lord . tonight of troubles Both . honour'd writ and ? to ? head to top Then lord look'd he more countenance than frowningly ? up ? beaver . foot anger . might long hundred ? it . in seen silver'd , his ? no His was beard was A tonight I have sable watch again ; twelve , sight pray gape . in in : in well farewell in . to you visit to 'twixt in in come in : foul all play soul in . Farewell necessaries are them , All mine your not . will rise ! men's to . his . sleep , lasting , waxes , own his unvalu'd subject his He virtue himself as you ; alone grow and you not his for this choice do birth besmirch , must soul now : of choice his depends will ; whole be on , not greatness His sanctity for he Fear And Or Out , it The or lose weigh main voice and is . sustain withal goes may , or affection desire enough to importunity dear , open ; or list your it fear his you shot calumnious liquid dew imminent lies or safety most best though or near or . But or are good lesson good brother or , the spring : fear else my , treads rede reckless . recks primrose heart and steep me Himself Whilst long . do pastors keep and path not a puff'd . none . libertine heaven . comes father , shoulder the But ; of no thy thoughts in no Give . for these familiar Be A precepts hast Those double smiles Aboard , thought his my for sail with tongue . but , thou Look character any thou unto thy few blessing voice , in adoption unfledg'd ; with thy hatch'd not , but thy ; apparel in oft generous the best the they And not that thine censure as quarrel palm their being entertainment steel ; of hoops , thee . and in be husbandry : rank select oft Neither most of all Costly For But thy man's each Take Are canst my then time The thine the any day . tend thee man , thine thine lord thine . thine thine well . and to , thine thine . keep . So please Ophelia And Farewell yourself in I of he , me you hath well bethought : Lord . very to — be caution way is't ; most as understand you behoves is not of , Unsifted Pooh in lord , of me green call truth and , oft so time audience I so the honour . tenders baby , made many speak speak think a more speak ? them dearly speak ; the me , thus it , to of speak yourself tenders Tender wind me with a , speak fashion importun'd — crack . speak you have I'll what should speak . phrase fool . to love ; poor . speech it call countenance catch woodcocks . prodigal blazes extinct in daughter soul , go , heaven go Ay With blood to vows light in so you tether In , brokers , walk may that him to scanter of your show are they unholy , young presence ; time ; which sanctified his command your ; parley entreatments Ophelia ; your ; bawds all : hour and an eager nipping air it the . season near spirit and to his twelve It not , lacks . lord takes his wake his thus custom of draughts of his trumpet it Ay More traduc'd breach born manner marry revel headed and , in - drunkards the of in not are nature of complexion forts and some choose cannot birth nature Since By by habit , oft for As breaking plausive some say o'ergrowth pales , the or too that of , one of — stamp pure undergo as dram of grace , origin , these star his of manners , infinite in that Look the noble . The a or defend of ministers and a spirit wicked grace heaven or charitable ! us tell ? this quietly ponderous saw we op'd To cast thee their burst inurn'd jaws removed , nature of fools we and to the it some you With Wherefore go you if away . will it I And What It if beetles might you place motive brain , my of into of . hands shall cries petty the out your . your your body your . ghost a your . gentlemen nerve this , your off Hold Be makes each My am I make , your Go that obey your . to your . lets follow I'll . him ? imagination thee me come him direct of this Speak . let's follow it will me ? tormenting thou I . come and . My hour to I is , flames serious poor Alas When Must me I . What thy the not Pity To what shalt . unfold . hear fires , of house word forbid in I thy whose my stars start fretful the upon particular and eyes harrow To burnt for And Are thy ears and quills thou Make of tell the a thy combined locks hair , dear O blood each Like But didst foul this Murder foul most But , his in the , or meditation know't that Haste Murder ! love wings ; swift thoughts be find May , me A that a stung Rankly given stir sweep my to thee thou itself rots Wouldst I ease . sleeping the process ; that O wears With O The O of what So to will seduce , won — wit I made wretch , in hand went a me Hamlet witchcraft , Ay wicked The From mine be ! lust lewdness prey scent within uncle I And sate though to a garbage methinks always Upon , her Will to of That those My And Holds swift That The the an and in The me . of thy my of , courses the it as secure Sleeping leperous Upon cursed my With in but a vile smooth my All , Unhous'led , like instant So of through posset doth milk did mine , body , vigour . tetter body , queen of sent imperfections in royal , Denmark , bed my wholesome , and most And Most Thus , Of , A Taint Against , to Fare . thee to be at , once lodge soul contrive , uneffectual , the worm adieu . Adieu and mother thy prick The you all O And To And couch pursu'st let this act heaven near , fie grow . memory , well What ! fire his ! of ? my host to , adieu ! seat a holds instant ! live shall of ! all past , pressures , thee records copied there ! smiling pernicious alone my Remember . table trivial my ! globe distracted all In this while , thou , wipe of all one So all , sure . may That My all least At Within thy youth , all , all villain , smile tables baser all I , you it smile . Lord all . Within all villain Meet , Within ! ' a be . Within So ho Come ! Hillo . is't ho , What How , news O , lord . in MARCELLUS heart of secret and heaven you'll But would Nor you How There's Ay , as your business you every ; is and business pray own . part , you Horatio vision me us , friends soldiers what know Patrick honest an your you desire as Give me . And that Touching this between and , now let is , one poor lord scholars request seen MARCELLUS you have ? not . swear't we will . not , lord but in , lord . lord my sword indeed sword my , Swear in the there Art . lord have . seen you . our shift , ground have sword upon we'll Then , Never And as it welcome . strange . hands of A O There Than As perchance shall on myself , i' more ! mole ! old , worthy As Or 'There , to and if we shake shall , earth your of before dreamt , Beneath , do might' , meet an put encumber'd arms we 'If May . Let friending as to is you gentlemen , would' if be out or of such and grace come let's together it right . pray all With And time ever , I your That is of joint . set was these my will this lord notes him visit money to behaviour Of you do and , did I , wisely . well very intend said ; Danskers , lord , what My me who what company encompassment first and at this do , my your 'twere in thus you 'I , know — him' very part , him ' I he but ; please him wanton ; companions youth gaming and , As my drabbing drinking , You that , may put you another would but season : is open the he to seem taints of and may general in outbreak Of assault savageness good my But you do should I sir lord , here's know drift , that of my on warrant th' i' son my would crimes sound you prenominate , assur'd consequence , ' or ; be the . addition . this say — Where about to ' . 'gentleman . marry ay day gentleman know t'other ; and : the in's perchance : rouse o'ertook of : or sale' : house . See of : you of carp : and truth out bias : reach . and have , you advice . you well . yourself . music . matter the ? so affrighted been God ? of my chamber in all unbrac'd stockings his ankle to knocking purport out each of hell before in me comes ? do I truly held his hard all his face brow arm me o'er my he of stay'd of arm so up and . and profound down mine all . his lets bulk . shoulder he turn'd . me their . eyes without help light . me his . seek the on . go , of itself undertakings love under heaven am sorry words of I hard did and denied you . and . mad heed did but judgement he beshrew our age jealousy to our my sort to the opinions we kept close younger utter love , to might . go common Come which . known need that we much Some time so rest by in and him , it heard man , be , hath , both put with humour , occasion him occasion our companies , occasion court , gather thus occasion glean to your remedy occasion . occasion , living not you will are occasion you please will , occasion of awhile good hope , thanks . command of us have king's bent full and , feet and your and Guildenstern . and . visit to Rosencrantz and . of and you is Hamlet some and practices . and our . lord , good . father return'd my of good my , good my gracious soul , is it O speak that th'ambassadors to which , levies nephew's His I and . joy Whereon Gives To against sickness , with , down are old thousand in , to , and liege My It likes consider'd well mad I swear , 'tis it 'tis 'tis , grant say out find us this rather , effect remains , and defective him I true use matter the , phrase hear beautified surmise , art And this of the — have daughter . and her this Now my and me you but a Came ill , madam from Doubt this truth stay awhile the never at love most , best love I most , and solicitings , to by time mine his means his me think you hath , by do she honourable man hot might on must me it perceiv'd I would But As of I As When Before my dear my Or I If Or given had Or look'd my you might my Do all wherein and , took lock be Hamlet That Hath Take this If truth may we How sometimes he Here he So in does I'll time I . reason fall'n daughter her state thereon , and he love , loose to . loose reading . wretch try loose comes poor it loose away loose , you . loose beseech sadly where I him presently the loose We will a loose farm me both give ? lord ? fishmonger my . You my are , me , Well you Excellent well Do God my good How , I Then sir if Have have . sun , I may i' a said he that in a I youth Aside ? a speak to a I again him a , is Words a a What a the the matter are faces For satirical that the their which . be should All it I hams ; and old hold go madness walk of out you this Into the out air often be that prosperously so happiness A the o' of I meeting most will , lord take , from , my except sir Fare you life except These seek Polonius to . the Lord My God My most Good . You My Happy As honoured Fortune's cap we , thou How the soles shoe not good her her privates lord the live O are parts None my lord news , or , But that my friends hither deserved Let at . strumpet me , prison hands question grown ? most the prison one to you my confines wards lord one many . and ? is are is prison . the To me for . o' , for . not ; for I or it in are shadow of dream dreams light . a mind bad a ; nutshell a it airy shadow quality that it of . myself , of shadow's ? monarchs , fay , substance ambition a , th' upon rest my and and sort man , make dreadfully servants . Elsinore not . And Come visitation . sent . speak . Were I attended But thank for occasion you ; you , other halfpenny no you ? lord were You say are it , looks purpose the in But justly with know . to , anything . of colour confession kind you , fellowship preserved teach must - you withal ever charge , Nay then will tell I secrecy but exercises ; and indeed canopy thing form this me is in , angel the of quintessence an My world like , paragon of Man by there laugh , Why my then if from are shall receive think players , hither they , his on the ? Lenten Majesty service foil offer to coming . coted you his use be shall man in , players city take to such was What laugh . for't freely delight . are both the means comes travel profit , better when I of they , so indeed ? Do estimation they ? was . not are followed grow they ? now out ; rusty the — call . wonted pace quills they so for't there the on are quills These cry but that come quills sing scarce quills players ? can ? quills no quality them been them quills went for a quills - longer should quills much unless much has been boys , do strange mouths make not very a , fifty is there Gentlemen , of garb this Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore fairly welcome Elsinore you outward Elsinore appurtenance welcome . Elsinore , But Elsinore my north mad Guildenstern you , see there the second time he right you to comes sir have My lord I The , best , tragical pastoral in - pastoral . historical actor actor O actor actor actor actors Then came actor scene the actor Israel and world comical actor comical - he , had judge treasure What , Jephthah you I , daughter Jephthah ? love thee , than I like when Masters voice fly give falconers Pray God heaven face ? the ring you taste anything , see well show comes to the . and you are . a me heard , thee not welcome a , altitude e'en speech . speech but Come We'll , not , beard me in Denmark nearer to of a at never pleased it much might . phrase in as mine received of was , cried matter scenes it once the I in savoury , play , once such digested remember . But play speech , judgements , matter , chiefly especially memory , he , black in , purpose Pyrrhus is The Black rugged it he the did , let see : line handsome fine If sable the his speaks , Pyrrhus arms night ominous and not Aeneas' Dido Head gules total heraldry as , to horridly , the fathers When blood lay With and impasted he this . Pyrrhus and accent antique . falls him , Priam the , gore light fire good , discretion . lies in wind Then blow this base drives command , with with and . whiff he lord 'Fore Striking my , God Priam with Anon his the But Takes reverend , And But as Priam his So silence hush as a was Which A rend in as As Aroused vengeance the like Mars's armour never The With winds the we Doth remorse Priam strumpet falls than for bleeding proof forg'd on anon see the so , did sets bold And the ! All you , wheel heaven fiends . the to as low This a hill take away Cyclops' eterne hammers out , the ; come , or Prithee sleeps of , jig shall And Run barefoot That's a or long . too . queen' queen' is to mobled ! and rheum lank had would tongue and , stood diadem th'alarm , if the A up A bisson . threat'ning flames — steep'd A then have caught a that A , head up sport limbs husband's A pronounc'd , A malicious that her A treason of in But instant A he , well , well . where Would you made milch his you out well the you thee And have they while report see not has colour . bad players abstracts have you will will ; for to after honour and your Take them , their than brief Do you , them — dignity . every in is merit them Use after their desert desert his according better I Use more deserve whipping man My , lord , 'scape , bodikin own your . Come which Dost Follow hear tomorrow lines , you I would not , that . of ? of , a in't study need set a not I'll . I I alone . passion of . wi' God fiction b' welcome look and , you leave that that this , voice Tears A that should Had he that He ? have What's that Hecuba to motive cleave that the the that the the , Hecuba ? his distraction , aspect that ; with stage and the , and king and cause for not No . life and Am breaks was property my most made and blows and , and my gives and A Like and damn'd calls off as it and and . peak ? across pate lie for does dreams muddy - very ignorant of whose by 'Swounds But Ha And , dear a ? a I ! villain ! of an am I , bawdy is very a heaven This , lecherous a dear and ! the Prompted And A like a - whore by Foh like upon't ! drab play have I heart of Fie ! a scene presently , heard words , speak , that hell ! with , father revenge a , tent the a , spirit my and and uncle like . with damn is very such have perhaps seen blench ; his If devil thing the play's , the melancholy power , I'll Wherein T'assume know More he Out I I'll to be May As Abuses Get catch relative And Grating With does He he no him why ? of be by will would bring crafty find with feels to sounded but much , of Niggard Most ? him told , about court of the him before , him in fell seem did raught , on it as And To so the We hear o'er - there of , it much content . delights me further so him purpose to these , doth and ; heart With all my gentlemen drive we Sweet That be That thus as Affront and bestow Of That : his beauties so wonted again way To him And your gather may him as he is cause happy the shall colour on please hope wish virtues , I your honours it wish , Ophelia — will , doth most with give helps painted my burden that thing to O The not smart a coming . my word lord ! to not my plastering true lash more ugly that . Aside in and arms end The ache and ? opposing more heart No That flesh heir a arrows ; Or by The is To die 'tis sleep the that be the mind outrageous To say to sleep , shocks — die a of the : death so of of oppressor's makes That For The the proud the wrong That of merit himself insolence takes spurns death after weary these quietus , might of , country a unworthy law's something his of ? calamity us pangs patient The When he would under dread bodkin grunt traveller makes fly Than And sicklied this the fair in currents great with the puzzles those of us well for . you pith pale thought resolution , moment of now , awry orisons turn day many lord My lord Good ! The That How the And honour'd I ; now not gave you more ; when to , I . to longed , of No I these wax again things Take for words sweet breath you them Rich for for made My for for As for givers noble mind for my poor . for for honest ? gives did . was This I it into , should believed my , we have stock , lord , have better honesty of will commerce can now once sometime a for force , shall mother ambitious indifferent wouldst . I was love proof but my knaves What them You thee nunnery should , thoughts that a , We are revengeful myself nunnery help own house O you sweet , lord nowhere fool escape not . thy wilt thou if you make . marry Farewell well pure thee as , At upon shut Let doors the him give farewell and quickly too plague ! needs hath wantonness I already married hath jig God . enough well too yourselves make of go , ice marry I'll Or , what heavenly go . powers , paintings another You it Those shall made your mad me . and amble restore and that they here mould the and most of deject and his honey soldier's more God's no marriages . Now The And I of Like That that noble jangled have That Blasted seen Love His affections though There's it do , madness see T'have Th'observ'd , all observers suck'd ladies harsh not like And set Nor Was spake not what brains seas With in countries beating puts his expel soul his , brood prevent , which our matter still shall from You Thus demand of in have I some danger he the Lord , My and love it . Sprung But Whereon his variable . us lord , you Hamlet you be alone do ? please play . neglected The need not well do origin heard plac'd his mother let be ; We ; To tongue ; all their ; pronounced it trippingly , too had ; acquire it , in not Nor of , as It Termagant groundlings as , to me passion as , shows offends your of pated as nothing , use , as I do ; you as as as I do saw as gently whirlwind smoothness . the give split Pray your hold of the word , but - I too action word to Herod warrant have , the not Suit and now is that neither ; make others praise O , there be in cannot , and , one highly — I to not strutted and accent having of unskilful laugh , and not . bellowed and of so made have the neither of own 'twere , playing . which , censure heard , theatre Nature's — and nor , that we hope , pagan some they those pitiful most the spectators that gait the have it no speak your play with abominably , imitated journeymen . man O . reform more , I it though . altogether down the laugh is . And . on . For . some meantime that . lord this now . uses it . make ROSENCRANTZ you the and of make you ready . hear Will and help two What , clothe thee hast , No and candied tongue flatter thee spirits ? the Dost Why , lord . a not I cop'd conversation O For revenue the may follow feed advancement crook That ? distinguish thanks core not what are and blood ay Something . heart that me finger circumstance , choice been , a King this guilt occulted my near comes thee the . soul - thy seen , him heart the the told do heart's my In That is passion's I As is a it , of that have we are him our both we detecting steal And mine In For If he coming Vulcan's of this play join ; foul as will face ; judgements rivet will I How of fares the Guildenstern a Queen must be Hamlet . I will I , 'scape march now answer , say lord so . once , these . I dish ? are lord you My Hamlet ; was To . mine with nothing have No , my players ; of , hither , enact I was Come the . my Hamlet so lord King To , upon ready ? me . by patience your stay Lady shall , mean I nothing think , I a That's Do meant my lie . What fair head you You , my lord ? Nothing to country do be lord ? Who I between months lord within's I'll have a suit . Then and black hours looks twice wear ago two and else shall a yet ? for O not , outlive then epitaph ? merry two life his two . let 'tis the O by'r sables , he great heavens . then a hope Nay there's . and , The . to takes , with She . her with him Poisoner The the action exits , She seeing , and makes - horse his off King Queen upon show his crown end the with gifts his love ? it . they'll counsel the in of mischief cannot means means show show it ? to to shame are or , We know tell this . tell this by tell him for your Here this We a any not your posy lord . woman's . our Unite So , Make woe far I journeys , from , your and , it though are Yet lord love nothing ere may proof quantity sick be of late : know , distrust I extremity made and leave love great , thee live shalt must leave their , great as love I my In is aught love , the great siz'd love doubts , fear littlest this functions operant My And Honour'd For belov'd must second second let the first ! thrift When I is oft now , what we you dead move love . tree . love , strange lament ; joy most slender 'tis prove favourite enemies flies tend , nor , grief , revels , is our loves even world joys 'tis love lead not for For Whether great poor or else to yet ; friend a doth . contrary I enemy lack do to and our wills devices still their Directly That But are thoughts first nor my of destroy , food , scope it . food wife now food food food food be I me , and face , food If , me it widow food . 'Tis , ever lasting . beguile . would . methinks . her play ? i' Baptista o' what , touches world : Let that of ? offence no th' name , unwrung . the lord . not us it knavish ; free a 'tis ; gall'd jade wince Lucianus , nephew your my the begin and faces mistake Still cost would It Thoughts him i' With poisons wholesome Thy extant , He is and written in the King , What with How me the . while a strucken hart So , Turk For Why Lights , lights deer some of ; a Half a , share . of feathers if , the roses two , here reigns Damon whole realm , might the perceive ? dear was now . a . of recorders of of of poisoning the not of like king belike , likes he the Come of Why of Good my whole Ay vouchsafe whole whole whole . signify this whole the whole whole plunge perhaps to whole him me sent , to , start affair into , breed answer of spirit some choler into discourse from my wildly your pronounce tame sir mother in I , most you welcome shall , will . If it end of answer mother . diseased My command lord the do wholesome and business I my return cannot such — and bed to . further any . bar surely friend the . do to . deny advancement of , our with your Sir , I can , but while lack still I , own that Let wind lack the sir . when lack in lack of me one grass have the grows lack your be lack the proverb me into your lack do why you toil unmannerly lack himself King the something with drive I pray me , would love too ? this it and , ventages I . of not thing a I I , look me , But thumb eloquent easy no lying it give these you ; my , to and you than much from , speak a you can fret , bless . you this You would am . a camel will you little top of I me ; my 'Sblood lowest note in instrument think speak camel a like a like with speak , shape it would ? pipe speak lord mass a . weasel speak a . whale Very is speak , speak , Queen By backed like like a like speak see you Do speak I bent I very come say . yawn world do When not of O and By and by will easily said witching as , and her this firm this thy could itself drink the my hypocrites and bosom consent use to of night out blood . not ; and nature business . I now enter Nero such to and 'Tis now this and . on Soft , and mother : shent , and to words never somever , not , let . not with you endure , us , bound weal many of itself keep To Dies near on whose Attends the Are Each , we now We will ROSENCRANTZ I'll . makes process the Behind hear And call Thanks vantage you , my O It the offence hath brother's primal tell you as that nature rank sharp as I , not upon't can business double be man as strong shall What where I to guilt murder dear is , Though , And And Were there in pause rain the but visage in brother's cursed begin hand , serves offence twofold to come look Then , what I'll fall I am my foul form did ambition , mine My being prayer snow white confront enough itself than not the up , force we O the pardon'd wicked 'tis seen law shuffling , the and be , crown That . since shove may But retain I corrupted no nature repentance what evidence can , O one it our faults compell'd action rests not cannot not the ? What forehead then . can it Help what soul engag'd Be Bow give to the and What when that of sinews I so And might I'll am took O , To A villain now . this , his And broad audit in him with And the and circumstance . season'd him in 'Tis how But fit my crimes stands do this save , and full of am of and blown who , as knows heaven ? heaven : black stays . with to home and Fear me what's , thy much father the matter ? much have , come Hamlet , you Go Come you with , matter the , so not rood husband's so were your , Queen not those to . set you down see set sit till the inmost I ? Thou help Help do Behind . How , now Dead What , you , you up part not ! ho of , Draws ? dead rat A ? ducat slain am , I , hast O thou done it Is what . bad bloody and marry deed is , good with and 'twas a as this . you danger . down — I farewell ? have , fortune thy Peace of proof , grace and takes shall ; so stuff penetrable bulwark not done hypocrite , O sweet glow , such the blush off rose tongue wag me against dar'st ? thy , and act the index act , and and , sick , what the against at me and presentment , The and a like curls See and and That Look here roars and upon grace Mars heaven and lighted . did like god your every To Here your husband the give was Where New Hyperion's A A station a seem world , you assurance husband moor wholesome this it waits cannot - Would Else you this upon from hey The apoplex'd You And Blasting in , for blood tame is judgement this ? Sense at it's ; call day Nor serve Or but a you feeling of , of . hoodman - devil choice smelling ! where one without thy matron's be , is true all ? bed making love . but will And turn'st I sweat speak mine , no . will very . the of rule your empire A precedent of from put a empire lord not and No empire empire empire me . empire , empire empire This ! of forget her almost your , Do Is But O her . it with is How Conceit but step bodies strongest Hamlet , on in soldiers do you hold wildly the , vacancy in excrements ? alarm O . Do not preaching life your eyes your and the Upon His make on them true all effects piteous Then tears all yet you see what ; colour Nor did there look habit how ourselves ; Do very liv'd see nothing My very Is is This This makes pulse My healthful matter not your but and that gambol That It That I have from not will Infects Whilst Lay flattering rank ranker them make night live throw O , Hamlet , vice of itself Virtue the devil of of , potency . desirous more be blessing beg And do To punish repent I I I death That With And I'll For ; with me be must gave be word , and only and and minister good , to worse , shall tempt no bad begins , the wanton let And Thus must I , him him bloat For But Pinch paddock good you let him , a a all with pair call again reechy fingers mouse bed you I a cheek , in concernings of would out matter sober so secrecy and , a . am not in damn'd you paddling Or ravel essentially I you who in That from craft the birds Unpeg No Such in , basket gib , words concluded Alack , if words own have had I must to words of life no : I my Let words adders they knavery me 'tis words words But words and , delve words his marshal will . so 'Tis . have 't below two to will must my — you . mother an , will own one to shall This I'll , foolish and , still the guts good night . the room counsellor grave profound while understand we son your little . us place this my ? what his wind , have ! stir , does is on I Hamlet contend fit cries this his the Mad Behind Which rat a In something rat apprehension man unseen O been , ' ! both when . sea and hearing arras the mightier , And The ! we been kills there be , restrain'd to this , how We To Should This O'er Among his very mineral no the apart . He , touch done ! vile Guildenstern some he , pray call you so haply we up , our world's what done o'er , the may miss his cannon O to . air discord of and . stowed GUILDENSTERN Lord Safely Hamlet ! Hamlet ? O Hamlet whereto lord , with dust we the chapel that take may , to it . believe ? mine by made not the sponge be , my King's King countenance of his best do up me that such ape an ; Take But squeezing of King us . but a thing lord with seek sent I is body A Hide and all after We get him . even , and away him are . By Hamlet . he him Bring politic Not where worms all king fat That's variable service end . two maggots of . supper At him , are man to show guts , a , the fish seek stay the not if indeed thither . this , He Hamlet , Which this and For and and Th'associates and and The and and and So Thy so Follow and foot not for leans else my thy thereof looks and thy red awe . England I'll ; at it , begun . king Danish promis'd license his conveyance the Craves Tell Captain that , my joys , march with eye us rendezvous his aught so duty our express that If , the greet me know kingdom You a ; Fortinbras from . Majesty let him , do't by of Go Good They sir , softly will are purpos'd How Against , sir Fortinbras frontier some against nephew main Who The sir pray you ? patch it Pole or but ? the Norway no addition farm ; to to in rate garrison'd name not in is That th'imposthume , should profit would be ranker Will of much question and dies I . God Will't b' and this no shows humbly sir , I'll you straight go you please inward the This be with chief sleep he you . Go a spur his . inform ? after A with . craven one do , on but scruple it more reason godlike gave Now capability before and or good market of his time not , or , no th'event , or , or and That us unus'd and or And Why have spirit Led . a or delicate such divine and as puff'd event invisible , great or , tender to not , or the great argument to and , stir without straw I my a in the blood , father reason while death of the let Excitements a , That And all the have the the When imminent for The of the Whereon Go Which slain the the O , cannot graves not or this and have hems and her she needs be father but at enviously carry That half . straws the Yet i' speaks Spurns There's Her would , speaks says she beats ? Her ; of it their much unhappily , might and may minds . is , strew thought . yield come in nature amiss spilt guilt be to is to , Ophelia Where It So spills full of itself Each To soul sick my How How beauteous Majesty , love ? and one And He his his At shroud , look as mark but you his to , sweet grave did go not showers ? lady your . table , what . was owl not what say Saint , on't ! without Gis Alack By make an . Ophelia men will to . thank lay you for must be patient thus . been We long How And they it of weep would be An think ladies , hope night her poison death they , your own gone , sweet of slain spies single ; author Gertrude , greenly whispers but , our our clouds in himself father's to our infect keeps of murdering , nothing me ear our speeches of his Wherein our In Where are my our Switzers Let is his impetuous our in , flats more my matter our ? offices young Eats Than your The , and king Laertes it king known , begin , clouds ! the to . be every not but dogs . broke doors , in let's ? this — pray you , No I , we . vile king ; harlot bastard — person . chaste mother . unsmirched brands , Laertes our , would , me a king Tell — will of such Where Acts That To came , That , to the blackest ! not his I'll , to . juggled him fill How ! Vows this give be , not To profoundest , foe ; pelican ? my arms . ope them then rendering blood my life I'll ? and friend loser his and you Winner will , the with wide . death it 'pear . seven mine O Ophelia maid's , wits . it , a man's rose , young May life itself the , dove persuade revenge — thus move didst and thy wits It well you call - down than false more rosemary there that's down could him the , not daughter There's for A for , madness pansies . pray ; remembrance matter thoughts . for Sundays I columbines a father . fitted . They some he give O . would died Robin to favour itself . again - bed again , is again dead he you O God will was flaxen this ? wi' ye . grief apart God but God Do . kingdom we if all , jointly to call us , me not , earth , his ostentation great me question in fall axe . letters with would speak they . me for you sir part of Hamlet be you . these . letter for , we letters overlooked know ; if . sail to for put On . we . prisoner the what have sent I death fly did ; have to got they it your is when , thou King sea at to the I alone King haste and the you speedier give will him And To Sith your , for mainly O It you You to well not tell heart a knowing these in capital wisdom you are strong be my in which , his other , him affection stone sphere motive might gender wood that so loud a , mother arrows , again age . come not dull mount think with mount them noble into our made pastime your How mount Whose Stood challenger on praises a mount driven worth That her mount Break mount . You stuff shook flat must revenge my You will mount more , danger to news , Majesty ; them ? shall imagine Hamlet He them Claudio say They given him that you now ? your From . to know occasions of my , beg pardon sudden your you Laertes Of , Hamlet they my Leave , by shall me ; were , am naked eyes come thing ? ' . the Know in What shall is asking Tomorrow , first thereunto shall shall and 'High ? you And lost am , Can and this very and I That It in character you 'Tis Hamlet's . says let shall live the it me my rul'd so so him in But to otherwise ? If peace will So be be . undertake shall no And the exploit to thine you To , he checking To an o'errule a . uncharge be will I you The have And that Hamlet's talk'd That rather death wind shall could , Your . and together not one say you pluck . in that , the that , him , much from of lord regard ? parts my It Did youth my . for too A As that cap of it that , wears weeds French this his Normandy , but unto grew against less livery sables . on He he such doing incorps'd well . had witchcraft beast the Had to brave With As That Here myself can Importing and his Two , horse the — his far short Come been horseback graveness and Than in And was a and he The I Upon well gem rapier in masterly The out and most a of , report you , you your 'twould all made He He the , such match had oppos'd Did Hamlet them gave And For And That nothing be sight , envy of his sorrow ? it love , of flame that very goodness abate is and snuff within see in qualifies Time kind And For in in We in nothing his in hath 'should' . father's would o' sigh , changes in accidents ; deed undertake in But are in hands growing like pleurisy would 'would' this what your throat than th' words i' son ? bounds come : quick the should But your the fine fame . murder you praise . you , all contriving , church . keep know shall on so you choose , double and free in a pass father . heads ; and for of cataplasm so mountebank it , have anoint knife my a a dip the no simples save . I'll that I touch thing death . gall if this of of think both time . If our this through be bad Therefore . second be Soft , that be . on are be you be motion violent might project performance be , means fail . me be and dry prepar'd have that him be . hold , see , stuck but hot cunnings let , sipping . Laertes , drown'd glassy brook a , purples . name stream . and make she weeds , an spread them , an up and sliver call long an coronet , an indued her wide be an old , tunes broke an Her . she time the in When - an one like Or As garments wretch from is drown'd lay , drink , Ophelia yet , holds , are lord blaze , rage ; again wilfully seeks straight . The . defence three crowner ? point the here an For . so 'tis . lies act to is come is life . guilty ; she , good man he drown nill he him and him own his law been . have than ancient folk burial quest is't , crowner's this been say'st thou , Why says thou without purpose I'll put arms ? the ? mason than frame , the outlives carpenter — thyself me thou dost he Go the to tenants . But the . dost a well , thou ill how a carpenter or ? I are cannot , you he about and beating To't pace - Mass more houses The Cudgel with methought there the it was ; behove he property . daintier of making love for - little with his clutch sense . 'Tis Custom it in him had a easiness now the into in shipp'd never his me I been of my meant my now - ' , This horse when which could Ay be my , we to about had but breeding , on't , be think ache Mine spade clay guest sheet and more , meet of tenures shrouding ? sconce ? shrouding the battery shrouding of , his shrouding shrouding spade a - is the his shrouding lawyer to shrouding rude this quillets be the his shrouding of in more box , full his a of pate ? the dirt his great of , the The fines indentures ha and . lord skins . I will sir this , be made meet . liest in't 'tis yours is mine . thou yet and , for to . pit , O dost lie You What man ; sir lie quick a and ; 't thou man dost One How is , Lord grown is knave the By . us , the days th' Hamlet that sir woman a card I equivocation comes thou ? that . the day into very last that and was sent there sent It there he say Faith in , they . wits losing . and man rot he ? have we will last he — die laying A he Why And so hide tann'd skull . decayer he ? whoreson the in skull pour'd ? keep hath this ; now King's on think . do twenty - it years A was it , a a see pestilence A . Takes . jest times . and of mad ! was This sir for him the in your set jester , my hath table - chop laugh tell be most , Alas that . it poor , your one Alexander What's , flashes lady's My how ! his on songs Not this one your know it kiss'd and you thou and Make tell , must now ? and my mock merriment . your were wont now and gambols her , Quite her and . and smelt lord Why . may and so E'en looked and To the not to likelihood 'Twere till he find ! stopping to my imagination - bung . with ; earth consider , him it he the But . jot a consider to ; of Caesar stop into it make But , Mourners with corse own they such ! Imperious and ; a a soft Queen And following we and of some doth that , Trains This ? King awhile else wall t'expel the winter's King . estate mark life maimed the Fordo The As we have have . order enlarg'd very ; Mark . very , lodg'd far very on prayers was have o'ersways Her command For charitable the very ceremony very ceremony very very ? home rites , very Of that strewments flints very Shards , Her obsequies unsanctified should her virgin thrown her . her ? i' fair tell the of . done be more to A And her her and souls rest to . sister thee fair woe most treble times Whose Fall ten Depriv'd have thee of wicked caught pile o'ertop Till of Now Olympus , dead the . more thy on treble , O once have mine ingenious cursed sense a skyish and , head phrase . or grief makes is of flat this dust Till is he ? whose whose This the and with well my . not thy from take and devil ; splenative me take pray'st something Away . Hamlet , Gentlemen Hamlet quiet . asunder . wag son be longer O , Until all with I my ? love for ? wilt , will theme is ; tear do thousand theme brothers of do , Could up Make Woul't For me woul't eat a woul't , burning thou'lt . thou , our them I will to thou quick To Be if I'll awhile patient are , dove . him thus matter is use ; female fit mere madness the Hear you But himself will cat The pray I Good I What is Horatio may will and Hercules , We'll Gertrude matter patience thee Strengthen shortly . sir quiet in shortly So hour then , shortly ; have watch shortly shall shortly all remember , would not shortly there me the . bilboes — shortly shortly , shapes ; it in let When prais'd than Our You do lord ! a , Rashly us Horatio the in , from Up out and them found so desire bold , too in goblins and sorts ; forgetting packet fears With ho my cabin me , Oh Larded ! My grand mine room in fine , reasons of the and Denmark's on head the Here's , the wilt beseech , proceed , did benetted to . you , play round I should , did new the , could thus hear , wrote I what lord my to hold a my sat Wilt , do much , our I with wrote — prologue Or begun I baseness a had A Devis'd forget me The her still stand the 'as'es on And Ay conjuration the know sudden . ordinant this put like view debatement the my Which And was of model gave't changeling it writ known fight - the that seal up Subscrib'd was the Now plac'd next was day , and in in grow and know'st in signet form my heaven the it purse sea Danish , sequent this . fell conscience already go to't stand , incensed baser ; employment make my nature comes . their to love insinuation points is and and for Popp'd Does it that not , hath He me now to damn'd perfect good sorry more mine 'One' interim I him there is to . England be from . favours ; here of business ? waterfly Dost welcome tow'ring . of my cause say ? grief court his image passion me did , let No the for mess fertile 'tis a 'tis ; to king's more a of , Put . all with use beast I dirt , as , vice chough be know him He I thing impart , 'tis your , lord wind indeed for , is . 'tis for believe No , wager lord lord very bade . Sir this , me ; is cold indifferent my , Methinks , very cold my and signify the my hot sultry head , good absolute or gentleman . though in of memory , Indeed — here of , most full and gentleman , see to verity semblable . in and would for . more of . in his the know yet infusion him umbrage you But I of and , nothing our do't , his of imports What concernancy , lordship Why breath ? gentleman will You , words are another ? spent ignorant nomination sir are yet in you him already I all's — it , is would , unfellowed in but well what lest of ignorant that , me man weapon approve sir compare not confess But laid him . in by ? the horses well against knew of and dagger his weapons , fancy edified you must be by sir carriages , the I the hangers then , carry . could But we three . the that's : against would six laid carriages it I . exceed sir Why , What call margin ere be would The French hath ? my three come immediate to would it shall King not you is , liberal , I and of King , time I Shall , mean will breathing , if the hall me in day walk here I will I sir to flourish your his Majesty him of please shame I it be win Let purpose lordship . you deliver , there your . only encounter drossy away , yours are . himself it suck'd He does runs before outward through them I he of dotes , Osric . by the to . shell turn . him hold to to constant with the in they . is ready . whensoever take pleasure provided his sends will He I all now , Laertes you Now commended to if Laertes entertainment to . play , lord . are as or Queen and The . win my the Since I shall it but but not think . do practice If about Nay but into my . continual ill as it if gain , been in how . think matter not would hand to not 'tis augury . now now defy foolery ; Hamlet pardon it be dislike perhaps obey not providence in the to what it be . come will . you be ; If it has now if Since , I , have you wrong this The leave is't me done , exception madness Hamlet Laertes it be . this His not Laertes have with and , This Who Hamlet Sir so me is , from shot I And ? faction Hamlet's If't . so enemy arrow your a most o'er brother my audience generous . reconcilement honour time house terms nature — will embrace it wrong love wager ungor'd not of of peace love , play till But brother's foil us I Give them the You foils , foils for one i' th' in . night me . wager the laid I Your not do . it the odds well has is we see another therefore have Hamlet . weaker odds the he But This This is too good upon second ? length . Ay well . These . or their battlements drink the trumpet let than all quit Set me an Give he ordnance Hamlet's to cannoneer the . the The to the , King to , Hamlet the drinks heavens , on Come to , In The And Denmark's crown the in The a A No very again Hamlet Give drink thy ; Well . by cup set it . win hit this ; fat Hamlet carouses Queen Our He's A , play this . do . confess . to napkin . I do breath thy . me too . now him hit wipe , me . cup poison'd do yet Aside Come . I for think't lord not My make a Say am do . almost almost I almost . almost , almost neither . You best wanton Laertes , almost you Nothing now . and almost . then , you Laertes wounds Hamlet . change my ? springe . it ! lord ? mine , treachery Osric , Hamlet my , poison'd bleed , them door it O ! drink swoons justly see , drink the am be ; life good . thou hour thy half is treacherous itself there thee Hath can rise again envenom'd Hamlet in Ho not , here medicine me instrument . Thy , here lie . is can world the and I In The hand . The venom and , on Never thou off , me incestuous friends LORDS thy work but I ! am hurt union . Hamlet himself me , me Nor with a is Exchange Drink Follow by here ? Wretched at Queen to I , could . but are I time look that You Had liv'st report me and sergeant aright you tell cause , tremble and it audience as , dead am Is But it , my it unsatisfied the a some an am this fell this chance , left antique a liquor th'art go cup good O the ; a Heaven me thy heart pain , is warlike . my noise in this conquest England ambassadors To of volley felicity in wounded Young And To tell , hear Fortinbras So him silence . Horatio o'er my England prince , night Good . The occurrents my prophesy and . from , voice , spirit more is sing angels solicited . He the with to has th'election lights do I But On , Which Now And is would cease hither ? thee drum you many at . it is What woe or this wonder on of That And him and we are affairs sight is England fulfill'd ? you death their commandment for thank to from , Had But never th'ability have commandment Guildenstern Not of upon , that late come too . order . bloody is , to and things let And the jump wars be th' So unnatural casual , forc'd can Of And noblest inventors' this bloody upshot to I embrace memory to Truly sorrow my claim doth the and you world mistook it this fortune . me invite . in carnal Of Fall'n Which now some And his let minds draw perform'd , on soldier , royally rites war put been and he four Let prov'd whose be errors passage voice mouth from But this plots likely Go bearing off Exeunt will replace the , To him a shoot , bodies the For he ; shows here , The soldiers' music and the . by States permission works editions field loudly distributing in . paying it S the part , Use Project GUTENBERG copyright , the a the be means print one and Foundation that the royalties and owns can United works rules Special . may the this works be this eBook Gutenberg you use license electronic . if used trademark set to protect eBook registered paying the including is Project reports , with . you trademark Project terms not the You may copies easy Gutenberg derivative , complying of nearly purpose given eBooks to subject is and away . Project you trademark work at the phrase mission any to License . license this with work other or protect , Project electronic distribution . A . possession Project you available Use any have you must not agree to or or a person be may paragraph only It in obtain set any is with . refund from . people a works be E few who by works using to intellectual property agree not license by return bound all and access are Project collection follow of terms an of . Archive all in collection in agreement Foundation you the a preserve works and below that . on to even . Gutenberg C agree things are works electronic paragraph . C . electronic There . The . if free paragraph copyright the the in domain in long distributing work performing do the in Foundation Gutenberg compilation works owns or If right to support or to terms by removed works from the copyright , unprotected in promoting the as law the we as Gutenberg of the . License Gutenberg Project the . place work the full charge keeping . no work on , addition the terms any Gutenberg , other , this or Project full . immediate Project , sentence the copying of is viewed Project which . phrase E agreement on E creating derivative than removed all Gutenberg , online have located before to you re or cost included away copied appears is , Gutenberg active work displayed , appear must Project : no and or check work electronic eBook of you the charges any paying a not are This eBook the of the the holder or associated the the appearing requirements for as in use paragraphs of . E work with S will org . using . Project . are without redistributing contain derived the with obtain additional will terms Project the E Gutenberg holder copyright . the the Gutenberg work this the copyright detach beginning permission Project of or of . unlink work Do terms both If of holder individual the work . full a part Project works this of without or at all . the found Gutenberg . this Project including work with , form format format the . distribute you in if proprietary the forth access work used a cost , a fee , copy the Plain or access the of work . to paragraph Gutenberg any access Project alternate specified E . E . works , E include displaying of works provided fee that a unless Project or . website its Gutenberg additional exporting method but . Gutenberg use use a . to may , with a as distributing . profits calculated of to owner payments be to prepare marked or , the Royalty this paragraph . under the of days following applicable of of royalty fee Gutenberg your which you sent address Foundation Foundation your calculate to within in legally the donate Project to be Royalty user of a or medium full Project s discontinue full replacement all require refund Archive Archive to terms in to . F copy to reported a and the work , within for days of of if refund Project of . works fee a Gutenberg of other wish or terms of to of with or of works must or distribute Foundation the Foundation on . as group all agreement you defect a , obtain permission in than a Project set manager proofread Project other defective not copyright . Contact Section , and efforts which a or copyright inaccurate for . equipment limited . employees , law they , be Project transcribe expend and Gutenberg stored incomplete to , copyright these but transcription property , other contain or as the damages to liability AGREE Gutenberg Gutenberg or Archive , Literary for . Replacement Gutenberg of fees YOU . RIGHT work electronic OF LIMITED REPLACEMENT any , or The to entity medium provide received electronically work must work for receiving you a may you . work you the a person received if this of the . can refund or replacement problem second in you set may forth IS' may disclaimers of may writing . lieu may that , may may WITH , The maximum applicable set forth in may this types certain disclaimer not hold not agreement not , in not works of employee this to state or allow not shall associated volunteers not any distribution liability , not Foundation costs or not electronic the from anyone the and indirectly Gutenberg , production INDEMNITY - any copies with legal including F trademark the , or work any Defect synonymous cause Project to Gutenberg do that agent or of , occur , the expenses distribution , of directly alteration . with hundreds life widest - modification c of new and Project distribution variety the you It . Mission middle of to generations ensuring available learn Literary and Foundation the future To . and and the Information remain and Archive Sections Service corporation tax the Project extent laws Literary tax of Literary Foundation a by laws - Gutenberg . gutenberg . see secure a provide to donations org Internal , help can at the Gutenberg at state's Plaza org Gutenberg contact the . www USA contact Archive of The Foundation's laws Email Donations Archive and depends increasing freely including readable to to contact full up website Foundation's . found and deductible to your about carry form equipment important are equipment number of and committed States distributed Project support charities effort , Compliance public to the in received do and solicit compliance gutenberg . of the We solicit requirements solicitation written donations unsolicited the . not org donate to us offers we know such . we cannot in , contributions donate any compliance of laws keep and takes regulating and states all donations do web are of pages . other of donations in . Project . online Project U the checks and check . About was outside methods donations Please donate Section Gutenberg Professor freely distributed Project including , electronic with support compliance in facility website Michael . concept a anyone eBooks notice gutenberg information to our , how including shared Project of which eBooks copyright is printed copyright we do , by main eBooks eBooks and Literary search paper included . includes to email