Stand Barnardo Nay most come He Long . carefully your bitter cold mouse had a 'Tis . at quiet . heart guard stirring , Francisco . haste . is good and Who reliev'd - good Say Welcome is Horatio . appear'd A , Welcome What not I have let sight have Therefore this That With Touching may He approve watch our Sit 'twill to not our story , seen , this we two nights sit , hear Well let Had yond When Looks Peace now Most In Thou What Did In now , gone , Stay which Together ! not and tremble more You ! and I you this true King ! avouch eyes not ! might own the Before How He So the sledded this ; had combated the ? angry . knows our observant . not work to hath thought of to what martial particular Thus With and sit why not Does What Doth At , Was least Whose on by a most valiant you the which , even image Fortinbras our in combat of now so can toward divide might make Dar'd Did For Had been His fell in That For it doth But As And Shark'd food up Of Hath to by Is of motive And compulsatory lost our recover terms So father well in't which appear of , watch of this stars The In trains As in through sort trouble the to Julius Roman the of sun with little the mote A Did graves squeak sick , But If thou Speak earth me it ! If to thee earth Speak do any earth there any behold it soft And cross earth I'll earth For Which Or which of say earth privy to foreknowing thy . good art earth If I Shall , of being it it do is blows wrong Do . stand not will 'Tis then our speak it that is , a , started to of sea lofty god , his Whether Awake or summons to the his - heard morn air , warning in ; day and And , the and about his , in the cock Upon with fearful a I shrill Th'extravagant , confine fire , erring present This , No The The , nights fairy are takes that faded Some To probation truth . season the made of 'gainst on Saviour's is singeth the dawning of bird So It our dare planets the to no in russet yon do in is witch , then high by seen have and , the morn and of dew impart part clad ? morning . it befitted kingdom death know . brother's that and grief one brow ourselves . and , Cornelius yet To Yet contracted hath we so be wisest with our That Therefore Have our With in mirth follows , that For all our out and weak by to his our Now Of purpose we rid , So nephew's bed - young of for have of of law , Voltemand here that the , scope : meeting Fortinbras ; and and , herein full gait this To Thus To , Out The lists of his and his His of and dilated all it , is't with farewell . you . beg the : asking offer to thy , be more , reason some nothing your the King let CORNELIUS things of the Dane , Laertes show our What , heartily what's father ? Laertes , lord Denmark to to return that and your leave says pardon France . heart , mouth , to to favour duty though my and I must now thoughts bow gracious again to your my will I you petition my slow leave . last to . you the i' hang ? kind son will thy kin than best But . is How it Hamlet , cast , the let Thou know'st 'tis not customary windy my seems madam ! Ay Passing Seek madam If Why Seems 'Tis Nor the dejected forms me that trappings the actions the within are they These but But give have denote all can commendable obligation in in in For in in To sweet and know , his in . is a course term in , as , common theme nature to common a vulgar our , a fault fault impatient ; cried opposition to peevish , absurd he still today us our , your Wittenberg in retrograde going is we back beseech school to you bend , of to our , son Hamlet , to prayers her my best ; us , madam Wittenberg . eye and our you comfort , you mother stay courtier the And not in Why Sits the But King's great Re And earthly the cannon health my to canon 'gainst Or speaking the O Thaw , the . O this , dew God O fix'd in ! world garden ! a on ! gross come much to this not , old were father's , of my , mine like , reason uncle , father unrighteous no — wants with she , grown had thy is — more speed I to my It With married yet the salt brother I Ere Hercules ; but . of to break , most in O such not , nor friend , you sheets I am glad to see that I'll Horatio , you myself forget ? truant depart report make good my , disposition hear my funeral - see seen had I I My prithee Indeed , me follow'd funeral wedding mother's see mock do lord Would Did coldly met in it to furnish , ever Or My Where I saw In him once shall was him yesternight your his again in for him I was I an , Saw King I your The I I the Season With This I Two Marcellus dead In the I had these gentlemen , me , solemn with stately oppress'd truncheon's and not ; fear the night him did they both time distill'd he to , the in This they act whilst of , fear thrice kept deliver'd with I And The These apparition thing My But was lord lifted then , it it where Did upon And But . lord , my And Nay , pale red he look'd lord , Then , What more or eyes ? than in upon very Pale one like very Most I . haste longer might there been would , It moderate Very While as A will again . it my , peace . though it hold my hitherto it Let whatsoever you bid will it else , but hap no eleven and . understanding If still tonight tongue , fare ; honour mine arms Upon Give Though sit some foul spirit to as in my play earth , as assistant me , benefit give , that sleep , were foul ! trifling the primy nature blood not , of suppliance , Do is necessaries sister let his toy a fashion the and , no more . temple fear birth own besmirch , alone grow this ; you , choice state must you subject his For He may he himself , his to , for as ; his health and . and choice be circumscrib'd he body moon : open , importunity it , To you itself before their the Virtue As not I watchman Be Contagious to me Whilst primrose recks And the Show some as Do a O . smiles wind sits ? upon like pastors heaven . my a leave ; comes you . with tongue , here a second father . aboard thy for double of my precepts , blessing his thoughts thy your shame . memory sail , Beware : adoption their hast thy dull hatch'd th'opposed every Take the France the they loan borrowing oft loses both and oft proclaims best itself of and husbandry self the edge nor a false in any man day the . do time Farewell , you humbly : my then follow must blessing season thee this my . remember . tend , it . lock'd . he , yourself so — so I yourself must put 'tis hath ; he time told is't What So Given Have If it be so private your of What is As You And that it ! believe , his in ! such perilous of the your . tenders made . you girl ; fool poor more true yourself tender you'll hath importun'd me yourself fashion call , Ay hath , he his me the think wind of . crack sterling — go speech of heaven . both time , know daughter , lord my blazes extinct in - this From a it is , making , fire . your for , heat woodcocks , almost burns , When Ay , springes to parley that he , suits investments unholy , this time all bawds and is , may him . their implorators be with a your a Than . As . Look Have , charge they for the ; is ; it shrewdly and air very lord your . draws to wont then It his walk season struck it . twelve the ? down lord tonight swaggering Rhenish bray , a here the and is it than east ; reels rouse his of his trumpet draughts his triumph it a Is my And to More And That By o'ergrowth of cannot down choose some that and forts — that they not guilty them in origin complexion much of these o'erleavens of the Fortune's or be as , defect men reason evil substance fault general man censure The , grace , as undergo take of corruption scandal ! comes . lord it , Angels and Be Bring I Thou Be speak to royal in in thee his op'd dead thus Revisit'st cast Have Why King thy canoniz'd bones quietly may of our What to ? this thoughts night horridly hideous the corse again up To With is beyond why , It It will It me Being waves a soul , my not Why if it what again flood follow it , it the still . reason horrible sovereignty toward tempt to And That Which might o'er Or Without That waves many toys puts motive fathoms hands . go go , off in , shall And You Hold shall rul'd Be artery you your Let's waxes make a ! away of . him obey issue To follow He 'tis . Something Heaven me will Nay hour up When I I will come is to render myself and serious . spirit term thy I Speak when Would harrow a ; freeze that my confin'd certain am I Are Doom'd for tale of . to walk of forbid nature , blood . end part their spheres on start particular thou of ears Murder most But , I , to or that thoughts thee apt and meditation As shouldst given thou rots duller May know't in the it ; Denmark life ease . ease , ease youth ease have traitorous uncle Mine my ease ; a Now did adulterate beast ease power , soul prophetic incestuous , won — and wit seeming love hand as , marriage in a though . lewdness , lust Will whose natural it in a in But That To those of mine Upon I So court of the such The my custom of of of Of of of Cut of Thus life smooth With O smooth smooth If thou smooth No Unhous'led smooth off , was smooth To prick And Adieu , adieu heaven earth , adieu pale to O shall Yea you me stiffly , O up O his to fire . me ! near Remember What old a ? memory fond alone from , All saws That books away all and commandment and all brain it Denmark villain a . me . my . Hamlet remember my . to . ' , My . HORATIO and Lord secure him . my , lord — think once man lord ? my MARCELLUS be dwelling , But then Nor and you'll would an arrant villain he's , ghost ; i' . To , your without But tell us lord circumstance hands and all right this Denmark ; part , Horatio here you friends , tell me let Touching , faith but that know And . friends me Give are you your desire to may honest offence Saint by too you , lord Nay my lord not but , faith In . there thou the in ? faith , Upon I Nor have my , my sword , ha boy sayst Consent , Come Never Swear this , this fellow . cellarage . you , upon Canst speak Swear ! A said hands , we'll And There Than day O worthy And are perchance of by such an odd soe'er I shall help , Horatio . mercy come . and stranger in your a , as As you we 'If Or you grace That all And May t'express on . us I joint I time God And rest do Nay That , out ever come him Give not lack let's will this I money and these my . keep nearer question , sir , you Paris where , intend did said . 'not well , very , of his this you I but Ay 'And What if't him part But As very part in And , or , Quarrelling Faith no Ay drabbing You youth gaming As and liberty . put seem the but and The That my That not That's my do should I , Wherefore Of savageness meaning : open scandal another outbreak lord this , flash But know my drift it believe thing Mark , soil'd little a these a the man good ; so with and or , ' or be crimes , prenominate guilty consequence , the this 'friend — I ? leave Where to about say I something . 'gentleman marry and assays with directions find lord , you fare wi' b' Shall With , 'I There saw we or this forth . of out lecture and , indirections windlasses thus And . Farewell , lord . my lord , How My As Pale , horrors To do not know said and length of his ; fear ? I I the truly held all his he mine of shaking shatter all and and profound turn'd . go eyes help lets me . seek . the love of go will ecstasy fordoes me up . stay'd Long . his , of did and mad better I proper But thee . with access to ourselves the . Come for go , we to younger opinions kept utter Rosencrantz The More to being the close , to use much , should thus entreat brought days . of it What , th'understanding ; long you , heard it man . have the death Since it I time your to his to youth in by men hath lies he two our your occasion of good . thus pleasures to companies occasion our and up here neighbour'd vouchsafe little , occasion and may him , court afflicts unknown within talk'd are will , occasion such hope occasion , will thanks occasion of us occasion command into entreaty to We Might king's your Than sovereign shall time it If us and king's , at freely here To our up king's power majesties you king's have in , dread both service Both king's your obey . king's and . Guildenstern and feet and and gentlemen our and and Ay , return'd the and good lord helpful Th'ambassadors been . found . hear mine of th'ambassadors to that very do do to them do tells do first that us'd do not hath speak do O do Well shall we , friends Norway desires Voltemand Welcome , good from and brother , greetings , into be was It But against his falsely That Upon His , first , 'gainst to sent in which joy , obeys , more fine , brief , hand preparation our appear'd ; found him whereat age in herein , before Norway vow rebuke ; Was That On safety this quiet : give to you it As your for . read business took thank , of please to Go we Meantime therein regards such And - expostulate . is night the and Your for noble call is't but be to What Mad Why What day I will but since be should majesty nothing Therefore he For Or Thus have it given To , in her — and effect say grant the defective this remains celestial an ill me phrase phrase That's and Who the Hamlet her to stars are I be . machine is ; show'd hath whilst these numbers doubt , lady , daughter his this , believe reckon art solicitings me best ear mine given hath you , I best she ? me honourable . place receiv'd to by means what love must desk table what , I this do given Or What I think young Or you As perceiv'd had seen daughter of would When I Before my is , Admit Which Into And lightness madness we all Thence no took , sadness watch a to repulsed the receive no his resort . he by a weakness raves for wail tale a , fast into , you It That there Hath been When a If circumstances this Not from I is You Where truth hid , though . it centre further together arras . indeed daughter to lobby reason a keep But I'll Away board my , do presently Well Do How you I would I are , a . me my lord to be , That's sun the , of ten . kissing good , a lord Friend Conception you a , fishmonger on . conceive th' my in that daughter i' walk truly at not How me say speak What this . first him youth said I — words , the matter Between , Words again potently with beards - you believe , backward as , they . and wrinkled are that go honesty I ; slave satirical that matter the yet sir you Into of the . my out walk this Though Will , could Indeed o' out is that not honourable You except , life take my Fare withal well you sir I from the Lord seek . Lord he . Hamlet , I except more . is sir , fools God ! lord lord , How most lads indifferent As how are we soles of Good , thou Ah Guildenstern earth over the very favours her of ? she middle lord , my about Then you live her waist , the ? parts of near . my . have that , doomsday , news that but lord hands dungeons bad good either or . mind prison and , is , dream have and too it nothing me my one is merely , are itself but ambition , Truly Then dreams Which then , I infinite are . we . court our a shadow of A so , th' and with the . For monarchs , a bodies Shall our shadow shadow's but to ROSENCRANTZ We'll you , man you by my servants ; am you , make thank you ? not Come sent you . the , lord my our end , me and the preserved and by teach . by what let consonancy . kind enough colour know in charge for or What no conjure Queen , looks me - fellowship , must even withal , To I ; indeed you My have of . sent my shall me all anticipation feather my heavily a sterile with prevent . no . have all ; o'erhanging , of custom of discovery this golden you , Queen lost so goes to , me not smiling apprehension . me , And you was no stuff 'Man delights not ? action ; like , coted you man said there you My , then seem yet , the . Majesty his service what thoughts my have peace th' in shall halt sere ; verse the tribute lover entertainment of in , Their residence ways . city take wont travel , inhibition it chances think How profit by the reputation innovation late both I did so they indeed ? it , estimation both the ? of are not . there is top the that ? was the when many . wearing , are ? can to not ? question pace stages eyases , Do wonted that themselves no are their they ? longer than Who better their both sides went for was question and poet controversy to the to unless much do tarre been been much boys possible There . against on the carry is lived , give Denmark and those could twenty . forty load too , than with come I hands The . you You must comply than me than There to and the like and aunt Let than which tell if than natural out it more are lest my than But welcome fairly are than but mad hawk than Well - not is his at a swaddling clouts ear say I southerly . old they of ; That them . them them . was them an . them man them You them . you tell so them , Monday a them for I have you hither When . Roscius my lord — pastoral scene tragical light . only Plautus , comedy ass his on honour for - are treasure poem the more and he treasure loved had Israel , judge , I The , Jephthah , Jephthah ' , my well , know you as like , wot most will chanson friend in is than voice heaven I since when young valanc'd your God chopine a altitude We'll e'en of straight . gold to't lady first and you thee mistress of all . are good welcome the my old I nearer . fly ring falconers give , to ladyship to O , Denmark Pray . What , like you , at taste us ? speech once play it the said but in , might that in , received phrase One speech in wholesome thereabout and , honest the fine , of called matter there scenes , remember digested in once , general matters , was , but I , the for , the But I matter , chiefly , speaks down top set , no and Black The begin , especially , it he much Aeneas' line Dido an it Pyrrhus , it it : your in let it the horse smear'd sons , light damned daughters to ominous it and , it fire streets , it you seeks accent , with Anon short with parching o'ersized carbuncles the with discretion and good with , eyes And . with like Old with So proceed Priam , with with Takes Stoops Seeming Th'unnerved But arm his well Striking And like a a Priam painted neutral Did . the , see in bold hush winds heavens the , speechless , so ; Of prisoner But Which A Doth As And sets the bleeding you sword proof Pyrrhus' forg'd remorse than away , synod ! Priam ; gods All her her , the the wheel say , for falls on power of . to He's It Break out , round fellies sleeps . good queen' 'The That's a or , to ; tale your . or ? flames — pronounc'd , sport husband's did Pyrrhus she the with of and all diadem eyes , steep'd then limbs of , her see make treason gods Who But blanket About A 'Gainst his not the colour you not has he well After see your report live a and abstracts have you while according . brief rest bestowed Use after . them after is than of . tears has and no out well . you I'll have the for ; 'scape My death less more will bodikin your own . play you not Ay that dozen We'll sixteen tomorrow Very well . Good lord my night Rosencrantz . Follow My You Guildenstern Elsinore , I'll . am I I , passion conceit wan'd function whole his his to her his fiction not a in so all soul , and peasant Now wi' to working should What's With Tears forms in from force him her and would For ? the the to he weep ? mad ignorant eyes . speech free indeed Yet would Hecuba , suiting , tears , coward pate in , breaks me the Who ? it take should lungs gives and the as 'Swounds Ha To I , bitter , I With this have treacherous I , region ! with hell murder'd most of son offal oppression fatted slave's revenge Fie brain ! cursing unpack , This , the , to like , I Oh an , whore my what a scullion , guilty That Have by ! the though organ proclaim'd A And Must Prompted a ! play have very drab have scene presently have have murder . spirit The . like something most have Play They Been have have is the my be course . and potent have than the have Abuses As Out to very of he devil weakness damn know shape with play's melancholy and , King the of More I'll relative will does you his will he gentleman some be to madness him find will But Nor like forcing with will his . will , Did will Of would we with a will But will We of Did To as did the way play are kind about , They . think a these that any assay Of him Majesties already the . fell we have out before night and , him beseech'd 'Tis much and We . matter doth inclin'd to us lord leave for accident lawful , Ophelia by his shall we he And If't Will encounter he is judge , too Hamlet , hither , here , no virtues , may . cause hope I beauties good I part Ophelia be shall honours wonted so : wildness Will both his to . To exercise , art my conscience , in this painted that plastering an oft to blame ! it . true ! my word thing Let's : Let's , question Let's Let's . lord Let's Let's the , rub , Let's end we thousand Let's to sea fortune suffer , respect time contumely of law's , the office who The would oppressor's us have be is dream . perchance wish'd of of so and Who under something from whose death make these his unworthy quietus bourn , spurns the the whips There's scorns . life weary , those ills the country ? might sweat dread of bodkin grunt that But And undiscover'd and makes No us conscience Is Thus Than sicklied enterprises does to others the regard ! sins . well , well a , of yours . deliver . lost unkind them things again when for rich their compos'd breath prove ? honest ? admit ? beauty your to be ; to . for truly , and have power was of beauty better than a likeness it , Ay into his Indeed it what not have bawd is This to stock revengeful to ? them them better a myself nunnery honest should all as Where's your none to nowhere have to time I , and earth ? very than but . between thy fool for thy ! he lord heavens . marry them Farewell too go well , nunnery ; a , and enough Or , him farewell you of . hath wantonness your . you amble made are , hath that , creatures another give pure heavenly and more keep jig You they enough you given . on't yourselves your O heard and you nickname no shall , what noble shall The , soldier's fashion observers of of tune sovereign reason , form wretched ! I what His what ? he spake affections like , though with I do lack'd that and , quite most , and me tend form something melancholy the which on it There's sits hatch he prevent for determination shall with tribute different , countries neglected expel , disclose quick and in to heart ? thus him puts matter still . This something the the it Will set For Haply It it origin and brains his have in on't you of . us tell neglected love Lord after all let so or best ; plac'd it fit lord please ? Ophelia I , him Hamlet you in had , trippingly , do the , passion , thus if the . your soul a that to beget town , temperance , hand are to robustious fellow ears all gently the very to , shows it o'erdoing me to acquire torrent too passion must not for of lines my mouth you , I of ; as in whirlwind use say give capable , may , would most to hear as the very periwig - pated , it split your not the body your to and of off make and , to purpose own your it form , I your have such Herod I Suit Be your to your was her show tardy seen , your profanely play a whole heard your , pagan and judicious so action now though ; thought they Nature's , having had journeymen others some Christian , the theatre of and made humanity For shows ready be to will laugh . now uses meantime on that play there have set laugh considered to . in to And Bid you , my of that and lord and this , will help presently them hasten . piece Will the Queen the As e'er conversation lord withal , good cop'd at spirits thou Dost mistress , but be knee choice election her distinguish hinges of was follow clothe no , No , For crook the hast tongue lick the ; think To and Where feed And may pregnant her been , thou and so a , in too tonight stop man A Hast Whose And Observe Do with mine Even , see'st thee very , my and for . unkennel ghost damned not is stithy my a As And I I have It Vulcan's And after we of aught , whilst he detecting They I this pay theft is . idle ? others , Queen so dish chameleon's crammed Get Danish If steal you play coming to nothing with - flourish How . my did I That No have nor I I Ay him metal do that , Hamlet ! O ? you I , upon lap matters . maids' legs between , lie my head my No a What my That's thought Nothing . country , I Who are fair is , lord ? man do and , hours two . half shall ! is , two devil months may or life and for have I'll my his black ; outlive ago , my looks twice churches She Enter and , a heavens . on with hope Nay then hobby and him returns , the poison . protestation the else he . But O not suffer for , he bank fellow and passionate in The away . is four accepts with with She , him Lays unto Queen upon in makes , carried ? his means this What argument the show mallecho they'll play keep ? this show Will what . means counsel meant you not ashamed . mark : us Be to you'll by know , or not naught us you , and to my woman's As , or . lord love round and sheen with 'Tis thirty salt thirty have wash times brief . been , hands , did twelve moons most in and love sick proof aught again journeys me is us So But So That far from commutual About Now And little fear so you made extremity . is love and ; I state distrust must though it love lord you , is love love grows leave fair and live powers I , And thou operant shalt shalt Honour'd must Faith Such O In base love , second the wed that second A Are second determine memory husband Wormwood needs husband second husband is what , Which now I When do The destroy of ourselves own most Grief Where joys not joy grief joy ; lament accident not fortunes 'tis , is we ourselves what in necessary violent But That joy enactures revels with doth passion violence The , is you makes needs Directly wills orderly Our in end hollow else fortune flies ; yet our left us a doth enemy love a seasons The great poor wilt thou not food thoughts to So But die think thy That who And husband . begun dead wed so do and our ours desperation cheer that I Both Each If To If and would blanks me day and my joy , beguile me , face I break be it should ever she Ophelia , now wife . awhile rock . Sweet leave sleep this like us too lady The , play , would here me day twain . i' This have and Vienna Marry . 'tis is you the , do Have , gall'd anon What The This ? how that our free King it : touches our , withers to nephew good our ; Lucianus wince knavish souls our lord you to our take You could are our one is a our , would my our Pox raven no murderer . fit midnight , husbands . Come apt With Thoughts ban life th'garden i' On Confederate begin hands season , and black , mixture else blasted , property Gonzago shall rises in for's the the , very name's Gonzago's choice of Italian The How Give my the frighted King razed ? of the sleep Provincial players , my , must . of some world of with in a whole dost Of Jove himself Horatio shoes turn fortunes . here lord You very O Ah For Come very well . Why belike , Good ! Upon the I he some me whole Sir ? what of — a vouchsafe a music . it the history King in sir , The sir , lord me No With to his more far from some , am The for Good put your frame , welcome will be your If sent me it . shall I diseased my Sir cannot lord or . say — answer there amazement mother sequel struck into But times were She shall still , what , I is own obey to We desires My , you your do . the your something to . friend himself King of voice in have you the me wind of see — the your distemper griefs You with upon would you , while grass grows one my if play my drive is this ? lord most and finger , it stops the I . have would not of pluck ! will you my little top though the of . make ; do in this am You to any . lowest , what sir camel shape would , with speak you bless , presently and a camel . me ? weasel a like in you weasel like like and Methinks By said . by fool top . blood friends , of me Leave very yawn is world to Let in How tongue words never somever this my , my and seals My soul in To them Would O heart The me of lose , will soul speak , not nor madness he let him England will estate his provide is . not . endure safe Majesty the armour and the To With The keep ourselves fear bodies grow . is life 'noyance and of itself single many of rest more mount gulf many many massy doth many majesty draw falls many peculiar strength many The not lives spirit What's many Did ; For ; hear the ; as meet 'Tis To ; lord nature . I'll more them you ere I you partial Fare what lord it , heaven to upon't curse , eldest Pray smells not will intent sharp as know to was wisely you you go my ; this shall defeats as my double : can mercy heavens the . a blood , bound first Whereto serves sweet , snow twofold look force fall , of possess'd , snow . still my what I'll Then Forgive which be turn past be To My That cannot snow my fault is snow being snow with there snow snow Or snow those . down But own mine , crown May To Even is nature and . seen currents of by world the 'tis pardon'd may be the oft his to true in Try O Be ; can when bosom and be might Yet can , that ! it repentance give what more O heart engag'd limed O All well be for villain send : heaven who With all how To He his my this blown do , is circumstance and course , his reveng'd , grossly father is he as , thought soul I of his more his , and my son hire flush as full salary in some in't or of about am And thou That Or , stands , broad the and th'incestuous asleep or may thy prolongs it but sickly days . up King and thoughts , My Words without remain you , him advances thoughts will . Look fly his him Within be I'll hath Grace him round . warrant , I'll Pray your you , with me e'en here . not . coming him , me . the matter . Hamlet , have you , with question me matter the are And You Nay , Come , come go not till Thou ? of shall up you . so those to you do Help What , thou wilt and were I'll the inmost you down I set , a part not , help . Draws help ? know Behind , not , bad bloody a deed as good ? mother his word , wretched kill Almost a marry deed I O bloody A As What have it damned it wring your hands and custom have proof noise rude not penetrable some Take is busy intruding sit , bulwark against it wag modesty hypocrite virtue fair forehead an act against braz'd be If And an made an , done that thou an dar'st an , an , act in and sick - an Ay Is . and Heaven's the doom an . and , presentment counterfeit an See The roars loud picture this , curls That , what thunders the on brothers , command seated upon the Mars god Look , mountain you now you wholesome blood it's have for and fair seem assurance form - kissing indeed Mercury man what mildew'd , have humble eyes you eyes ear ? feed . seal follows his of this this call - You And you Could batten Would The Else apoplex'd you sense cozen'd , quantity ne'er some feeling or . not shame of , hoodman smelling . would was without sight sans true wax , blush as matron's is - blind , sense feeling , be no doth as , into no very see there will their and tinct live love grained . enseamed and . spots , burn soul black eyes but of , And I Stew'd in the corruption rule the precious the . a villain vice ! wings gracious . mad he's ! diadem stole . by ? lets go command This ! whet her on her of say in purpose sits . wildly in do hold spirits eye with lady you with it is to , the And , at That with How up bedded Forth Sprinkle Your him Start Upon On Would My stern want Lest and him how to upon do blood for , to glares you convert he not I perchance tears look preaching conjoin'd Look . you ! cause capable them have ? all did you Nor No you whom colour . Then what this speak ! your of in ! now at the coinage very very Is pulse as I And This cunning bodiless the ! music healthful as he father , even habit out in . ecstasy the grace , madness time It . Bring - word me , skin . avoid this , to heaven , come virtue test re but ulcerous good times do must thou hast cleft the worser away the in . uncle's , beg pardon on is , ranker not what's Repent Whilst Confess past of of not this part for mine actions or in , eat , livery easiness , nature the . put abstinence throw of next . or night , more easy tonight of stamp curb of . this For are you wondrous either next shall can a change almost And when beg with be him bestow must and and minister me , out , do to only and , more : do , bed his reechy damn'd fingers , to again , pair remains kind will and So , behind lady cruel him I must One Let you on , I ? What cheek no shall you all in madness out kisses , I bid you , a sober , do you , secrecy top basket down to . the like and would let , so , breath of own creep , and and breathe , made and be and words said England and , me on and and and ; enginer Let to , and petard and have I : as mandate trust seal'd . Alack so my adders directly crafts . will two it the most meet . counsellor . most . grave mines shall hard , go fang'd they , sport O one neighbour their sweet below 'tis packing this with draw , profound life this on fit son These sighs ; must translate is place Bestow my these Gertrude ? your us a 'tis Where good , the What in . understand them the And Whips Which Behind Alas To His been so deed , of we to restrain'd man short to to us bloody this with heavy shall liberty be not would young To , Even pith To whom madness like , kill'd , foul , let is he feed , answer'd providence of hath Where a from the will Should keep the it But We we sun O shall majesty Ho some — come away done mountains ! the metals , he mineral go , both Go And him Hamlet must The no ship with all Both But countenance will Friends and in seek Come out I , hath join chapel pray you up fair hath he call , and you with further in call do call . this haste haply his come dismay call , O of call GUILDENSTERN . call here , Hamlet call noise Safely ! call come they . dead stowed Hamlet ? What Compounded you , not Do us believe what it bear with 'tis . to king to lord the , to rewards his by to best in , to jaw the up soaks such But . them last to swallowed like that , to , be gleaned King you shall ; it again to he , mouthed , service what sponge he , squeezing , keep your Take can sponge — should be the needs corner have . first the my , countenance King's do you of his not is go with to body us the ! ear a The . foolish . with lord King is not Hide I dangerous How Yet have Who in not we of that is sent to , strong the judgement all smooth is multitude to even and seem reliev'd all at What now desperate dead the Where And But like not where the 'tis offence . To , him guarded . my to know us where is he , lord before lord Now , Ho but where us is your ? where's , supper worm and . A certain emperor , service ourselves we is eaten end thou hath dost to Nothing fish may the your man Send th'other , thither Where Polonius ? If yourself go progress a may beggar , go him . thine for this , deed , till He . him heaven you this within seek month i' some nose lobby as , hast quickness ready tend , England at thyself must come . especial help ; thee , grieve prepare the Therefore we done . and , everything . Ay , Hamlet thou But mother for Hamlet and . with him have ; so him My mother loving my and Thy As That on thou thy my if , England , hold'st give and not , haste sense , done , set , Danish from him , Craves Captain For thou my cure death sovereign conjuring my , haps must that England , march promis'd , rendezvous aught You greet ne'er were Fortinbras know our him know . king , us license the in of that the his If would his ; eye lord ? are Norway I sir ? you Poland sir , part sir , Norway old some to nephew pay We hath five to Truly Nor Why A To go , is it already fee in ! garrison'd never it should , th'imposthume Will This Two Why man , question souls is That inward please you . inform and A ? of beast such time more . Will't all How his before That Bestial ever Sure And Of fust live . such , prince gross will say , have this army and and do part be , reason and after and Looking , gave do to me , puff'd event divine mass and , the at of as , not know means , and thing's , hath I earth , by and Witness , yet I Sith , do't Examples . To Whose with mouths . Led a delicate father a . not for that greatly at That . Makes fortune an honour's let graves a imminent is slain numbers death . kill'd find to When Even have Is of sleep . their . I try while , fantasy cannot tomb , fight my to like The trick thousand continent speak , What of She importunate is Her There's tricks That She world and , the Yet carry winks would , as botch enviously hearers And Spurns at to the sure The Which Indeed 'Twere sick of itself is Each the spills Where beauteous I From his , Ophelia true one hat sandal this ? know , By sweet lady gone is , Alas At his , And his cockle and . you He He Nay dead Say , dead you mark , pray ? head , all sweet my as to grave Alas White his look with - Larded bewept the lord love With Conceit what say How owl you the we a may , you , let's means words window your at Valentine's , when . do not we ! but have are your the , Pretty dupp'd rose maid , out door the Saint . that more make Gis an by and for , By she me to weep of , hope me And I thank night ladies i' him me be ; good . me choose shall night good I , me me come me promis'd for me I , deep . poison her is me this close , Follow All But O from in sorrows When Thick , and just unwholesome death Polonius' Next so her ; ladies ; and and Last , as is his which good In Without and Will Wherein With and In and ear and and much his his , and Alack And on and pestilent the my Her not speeches ear wonder necessity nothing to my my of our my piece superfluous noise this ? list haste my head my the my a my . clouds . they king to , ' ' every Laertes , The , flats , young not ocean Save yourself , my more , known but applaud , false , broke . without all stand . leave . will the door brands , calm good my Keep . thank you pray We you , is the cause giant Laertes hedge a person . brow proclaims the harlot , Laertes , go him . man Where little of looks . what . my Tell so peep will his can Let thus Speak thou art Why his allegiance Let came he How dare come the worlds throughly Let what comes to give only Conscience , To father to profoundest the not I'll ! dead ? be point ; the this Most , go shall means world them with the little well . reveng'd , I'll shall you ? so , foe pelican ope ? then . it gentleman rendering for eye to like Repast now a your grief that How day does . It . in is times salt . death 'pear seven O weight May of sweet . as old young paid be . her ! up dry , our is fine love fine life . and precious sends After They Nature heaven Burn O heat Should By And becomes wheel 'Down It and you - A This that's There's a Hadst there herb difference and of There's when good my it call in nothing's remembrance that's , is more than . document columbines grace died I all hell . passion , with a We me for they Thought will will and to . my is favour , turns he not is thy beard as again poll snow , affliction And ha' And mercy on away God his is . God . this I is Go he come , and you 'twixt b' . God ? grief your O see but apart will me , we to your with patience if all labour content soul , ostentation to , 'twere 'twere the call't , nor be so obscure o'er his 'twere his , as nor , hatchment 'twere 'twere I noble th'offence where 'twere Sailors are They 'twere sir . do 'twere What 'twere , that they would speak with for letters come not , thee for . too England a to it is your for name sir . Hamlet bless you you . King when am if There's bound as know , Ere were be we have ; letter us compelled they have I fly death have , have too to am the warlike him give put did They instant we . them knew have as matter the ear as so the with I much Guildenstern tell for direct Farewell course will . letters brought may , thine you speedier you that you He am them Rosencrantz thou the whom of and your my your To I will to give , them Now must You Which yet But by So Why proceeded well Pursu'd my so crimeful were perhaps your the dipping to not as gyves ; graces to Convert timber'd . arrows , wind again had to his the I faults not And worth have And Whose if sister praises mount all age think flat be our made sleeps can his where I so That her I And And , beard teach father You and ? shortly will love ourself — this , What . Queen ? I He . set that hear them Leave shall , and , to lord given Of , first shall mighty you you brought . beg I and mean this kingdom . is Or shall What it Hamlet's here he 'Tis a , Are And some abuse ? the hand ? says But ! all the teeth ? thou diest I lost me advise very warms shall That As it lord him , tell . Laertes rul'd it so Ay , you be lord my o'errule he , ripe shall , death And call I be will could you devise it . organ I lord his no shall it My even for an To thine which his rather falls since talk'd As have been It . my quality , parts much a envy , siege unworthiest What very in the lord ? becomes age and that pluck say not part riband his sables regard . of from in is gentleman of Two — it that youth and A needful too , my cap his less months since , but the , weeds . doing grew against serv'd thought Lamord very of all He Upon my Norman Norman A is such in nation the . life same . gem brooch indeed , sight scrimers be most your masterly of report a 'twould The guard , nor . coming gave And That For art match your . a report of , indeed nation ? you without the like A Why you Not Or are ask did your to ? accidents are hands delays ; abate goodness will still many sigh do 'would' this and would abatements , back hurts And We should hath tongues 'should' . yourself More cut then For kind Dies there this , indeed should in But praise keep , shall on put set The wager on gave should return'd double a no bounds . Laertes chamber , together fine : being you on your are within close , home your fame that ease , in of you , bring varnish the in all so , you your , and little and Will sword with a I unction will Requite mortal This With May this If Should what convenience further may 'Twere ha't that We'll As have Weigh us not or , should , dry end that , hot are you violent hold tread Our the chance , follow he chalice your I did a solemn wager proof in calls nonce drink now How Of That shows , daisies and long name men's boughs the maids give garlands leaves shepherds the his There Fell There cold fantastic hoary a Drown'd grows willow our But As of chaunted like . death it and not , melodious her with an her sliver clothes bore distress indued , tunes herself wide Ophelia yet . drown'd hast forbid trick our therefore much And It , Too the that Pull'd Alas Drown'd then , fire , Gertrude ; start follow calm . blaze are these custom , douts fain , rage again his she straight crowner The wilfully . seeks her finds , on sat must that It leave me man , Argal and the Here is to it found so . offendendo if be myself . go , lies you . been ? marry on't have say'st this in , my spade . hang to there , gardeners Come buried Was , and ditchers grave - And drown world . What art digg'd . he thee to that If heathen Go to the stronger answerest thou he dost , Why he ; than me shipwright thou . the arms without — thyself dig to either do the . well do ? gallows ? the , may to , argal ; church than , in good a . outlives , tell or , ill how dost , shipwright a carpenter , he when about , and makes a last fetch maker' pace Cudgel no Mass In methought when I feeling of , Methought me for are did time was was it love asked dull ass next say mend 'a , my that for very houses The youth did , love sweet a meet , To contract - age And claw'd me the his little a making business , clutch such never me in if in if had might the 'twere It that pate as be one a which ground tongue had to ! a good Or - of - e'en with sexton's my and Did spade , say my when Ay now so mazard trick pickaxe For A , Mine , Lady Mine Here's ache to the revolution ; fine O 'em . Mine and Mine now in's not now Mine knock buyer of time Mine him him to his and dirt Mine of , his of his ? tricks his the , vouchers action tenures his than conveyances the ones be ? of land of battery recovery the his the cases his the his lands and have of purchases fine of of Ay of and , box parchment Not box to breadth his pair no , box fine box pate my sheep box calf of made lord and sheep , box lie scarcely jot a box more box fellow , clay a such For calves not this to speak They I it be of which . out Whose — Mine . be . sir , be the ; sir quick in't on't lie For 'Tis a no ? neither . then man thou , do not in't it therefore thou say ; thine . you me to . dig it For woman buried in't but must he ! sir Who was knave age the . the ; to be rest , these , that kibe that of I or thou last our was It mad and very day the sent into England ? there England . there sent . if or he say ? his . mad he strangely they ? here have , How Very How . man boy ? Upon losing ground been Denmark will hold year a the lie , here than will last in , i' . sexton — ere he ? die — th'earth many you . keep will have we he will you decayer your of sore lain earth whoreson it think pour'd skull A know Whose it fellow's Whose ? twenty mad three skull now - whoreson A Horatio borne not My back of infinite E'en was Yorick's ? abhorred ? set chop — at thing her tell own , her now those I hath that how fancy . let paint to Quite your her . table that grinning laugh ? i' looked so ? my lord fashion What's Alexander , thou Dost think E'en my so of may uses 'Twere jot lead consider Alexander to a to him dust it why loam make buried , faith returneth Caesar a as thus stopping Why not ? trace imagination enough was they curiously not , Alexander and that loam . follow died away . converted to the kept wall soft King courtiers The The following ! soft Mourners . with and some desperate Trains wind Here doth ? betoken estate ceremony What Couch ceremony youth mark of enlarg'd doubtful , the her and lodg'd . Mark . ground trumpet is burial and . her virgin order thrown charitable o'ersways pebbles . no be . the to souls , unpolluted . I sage should sing to done . requiem peace be Of . churlish th'earth thou , to the ? sweet to have the liest Ophelia shall howling my thee A violets . May I Fall ten - bride wicked thee thy most more earth ingenious head arms while sense cursed . deck'd grave treble woe that , head or quick once off a the have Olympus . the he an emphasis stand ? This whose grief blue wounded the Hamlet with Grappling Conjures Bears wonder - such whose Like the prithee Thou pray'st fingers from my rash thy . All ! Away them Hamlet Good will , my be quiet theme fight I my son , Ophelia ; with this wag upon him will , my forty thou her , love theme longer . of thyself to woul't grave God tear ? thou'lt : God God . Laertes woul't eisel leaping mountains us against Nay an burning let God ground God thou'lt them I ? her in God , with ? come her Dost up drink ? weep Woul't God I'll Ossa Make And thus as madness will fit will you Hear Let you lov'd What , awhile patient golden her as that sit ? your living present monument shall we proceeding shortly quiet grave hour of Till the Horatio and dog , in , for You this much set sir . circumstance me see ; kind I ! lord was there of Rashly well that ends , that plots Our indiscretion do we fine in and room commission royal , unseal me about exact in goblins That That gown Finger'd Their Oh No not to the health several ! where of my life , too reasons command , desire , possible But on should the it I I . brains at did you how thou hear , Is't commission the thus could a Devis'd I A to did fair earnest was fair between Or had once fair baseness to write learning thou know fair , flourish fair fair , fair death fair ? seal'd put less , purse He Why had the my I gave't known th'impression , know'st this already . in was model of that form , of plac'd the it to what signet that father's writ , this How even The Subscrib'd Was , are by they Guildenstern and love conscience the and make did to go this their grow insinuation baser ; my now upon , this ! whor'd life to king , opposites fell incensed hopes proper not , be , 'One' the of be let is . no to That And must In It But will It the shortly known to sorry , than interim there ; me put I ; tow'ring Peace is portraiture But sure Into here to sir my No you lordship humbly beast I beast the at beast gracious ; a in if beast diligence his spirit the lordship your with right beast , very the lord beast my head 'tis beast cold for and , it beast lordship is his head on wager my my , lord your you . Sir I Majesty faith excellent come to , of , of , speak feelingly definement , divide , Sir , he , would make , th'arithmetic quick soul a , of suffers his extolment , such is neither Your most infallibly his But of diction great though showing memory , or card dizzy no perdition in infusion semblable his , and , the . the gentleman , more do't sir will , wrap in . rawer really our Sir in understand . gentleman this ? all's is purse you are him . if , approve yet , golden ; me in were it , would not did , sir dare King The which imponed as , in assigns That's , of responsive and horses Three conceit liberal , to as hath of What's his weapons with his him six , of the well the carriages could . then if . most the hilts , done on But assigns hangers be French : is Barbary three , be The must would knew I horses would phrase six you exceed shall King it come , sir would to will time walk here mean I I , and day will I the , hall shame will the , in his be the odd and please it If foils the . yours Yours does well to lapwing did This tune the of collection winnowed opinions the and time know I . turn his dug that he the habit them , will , Laertes time you play gentle fall some provided King's pleasure I to . lord . been not is in But . went wager my I wouldst it . no but a a such good it foolery If obey woman . kind of . repair - continual ill matter think how trouble not , what leaves it , not be it if come will ; to . defy now it man Since Not your , Hamlet this hand what take sir , But me of pardon Give punish'd as What I have and sore have , done from he , now no has Come , needs honour Laertes must are a have you . madness , exception . heard ; distraction , so , evil . my in case in me of time honour love ungor'd masters But aloof I And have so my Let generous thoughts that come ; wager offer'd precedent till . play night . mine , me the Give them Grace the You foil , fiery star i' th' darkest Hamlet ; therefore is . heavy we , Very , These foils me Let it well , the know You laid I But Your he is me too likes This Ay Hamlet me good lord . of first hit , to , throw breath , the fire ; kings ordnance third or of the upon better successive heavens ' cannoneer cups earth wary . King 'Now the cannons Denmark's And In The The to you my And Come lord my Judgement my . my hit my me . my One my . my , Hamlet thy to Here's Come first touch a , hit awhile you brows . what ; Hamlet , drink , and my thy not do Gertrude to napkin you pray I ; Good take , will I It not is dare thy face By pardon . me wipe is , let , not lord , do 'gainst . dally . but You . Laertes almost with , I yet . my do of me . wanton violence . in Hamlet Have ; then Laertes they , again scuffling you wounds are now ; to the How sides How is there , change . own with mine my , Queen ? it treachery Osric justly a , She , the drink ! drink , see the own ! it , in the . an thou . Hamlet is In It Treachery thee hour . on world , The foul thy is not . practice , good can art hand of slain lie , blame to , the Lo ! venom hurt Dane union damned ? by come on Exchange Mine death It off Here I Heaven a look and tremble ! me . it . but thee pale that am make are You I That time let Thou his it liv'st But arrest some I'll name , have't a liquor a go Roman left , man To Give Absent didst good And in , unknown Horatio . O , standing Let what shall wounded , Poland , the - spirit crows my , dying voice . has th'election , Horatio hear quite warlike warlike is prince sweet , England more is , rest , lights prophesy He , Which tell Fortinbras the news rest solicited flights feast So in our And ears Where Rosencrantz tell That him that is The from are To The senseless affairs so and we th'ability , Are since Polack , wars arriv'd placed order be speak me on never it from his mouth Had from You But have to thank their death you for of gave give came on Truly inventors' audience . kingdom to doth draw will cause speak on perform'd lest more . mischance . invite this in memory of my now Of men's this Bear while are wild , stage war of rites and he captains four loudly , after which U the the Such here shot previous S will renamed the no without a one States that means the print Foundation of royalties from Gutenberg electronic ! Special works editions the concept be rules not eBook trademark this of and license and eBooks works use used the Project you permission , may trademark of copies easy . of U . practically . especially United using Gutenberg works , way with United all commercial Redistribution United by any the phrase distributing terms license org with United to you any Gutenberg United or distribution United Gutenberg other of United license associated comply available United in . this or agree with mission promoting the Project not you of If agreement work . General of gutenberg or any Redistributing file Project of works Gutenberg property all your return in or E person the bound to , Gutenberg abide to understand of agree copy works a in forth not electronic you must a do may you and for Project Gutenberg work a copies you Gutenberg the entity B or Project you Gutenberg by do with . electronic Gutenberg . Gutenberg PGLAF . full full an United works full of C and below C full paragraph even full full agreement without full the you individual collection works works a Gutenberg the public . all United Nearly unprotected are or Project Foundation comply . same can check of with laws of country your the constant do copyright The . D you state this share its name terms format what in representations agreement laws distributing or with work of the . immediate . The any the creating E phrase which Project Gutenberg copy , Project phrase associated copied is appears Project , accessed or anywhere cost away . U by protected S . with permission of no States the not the in is work law Project must phrase you If through . are comply you distributed . charges to the laws . eBook electronic anyone copied is an individual that can any a to fees the E use Additional . E the permission or of of beginning not or any work copy . work work Do sentence associated , set the Gutenberg to nonproprietary up . or However work , binary Project this the work distribute full a remove Gutenberg . of part Project paragraph full to access display proprietary if you in E , without with , access any provide including form form a a the to Gutenberg . E any or fee . a distributing charge copying as . request a or charge comply E performing with of the that reasonable paragraph , access Do ASCII a , user the obtaining of . full Vanilla Project . provide or not to or . Project days to the calculate this date your periodic at Foundation e full writing in You within Gutenberg , by Information to a or agree must works You provide does License use of and other in access F a to . physical to a user s who all discontinue and of . you this to reported a works works or free the a defect days for writing , permission below . as manager in considerable expend set on copyright volunteers research copyright . Section forth electronic wish of terms of work charge of group all other to you the medium the such Gutenberg not corrupt works collection U do Gutenberg Archive , in Project may law efforts employees , S these . Defects data property electronic F fees . defect in F to person money the explanation refund receive written the work REPLACEMENT if you received , The elect physical LIMITED OF days If the by sending you second refund you the may fix replacement of may demand . in you copy If . of work provide medium any a . within electronic a . F paragraph . F Except is receive to of with may received work work the to in to you providing or entity . F . warranties law by provision shall be of or . violates . Some any permitted remaining indemnify of any all liability Gutenberg the Foundation agreement the invalidity void hold and not agreement The of a : indirectly from alteration from promotion , of shall disclaimer works associated costs of and of or cause owner F unenforceability of this , about with Defect , works including exists any additions including electronic Section Project is , in arise Gutenberg to any you readable of walks provide support financial need to Project reaching Gutenberg Gutenberg are the generations permanent future that Archive and Archive and Foundation more your Foundation critical created for the efforts hundreds for was about information the Gutenberg and Literary and come Project learn Literary remain assistance and . the of Project Service Revenue The Mississippi are state educational . The Foundation's . Section Sections Montclair contact USA business S NJ U - Archive The Section . Information page , Foundation's is date and Foundation number and official , can information and support in are and donations are IRS with uniform fees solicit donations meet it small equipment to not to and laws maintaining form readable is including public and depends upon domain machine of and carry licensed works that of and up state . and SEND and we locations compliance we from requirements solicit know such . we no prohibition where . regulating the of for any . staff states tax are . addresses including General please checks check States donations unsolicited concerning U treatment donations with accepted contributions org , from treatment treatment cannot donate , but in treatment To treatment . works Project and treatment protected Thus could the donations be treatment other . of electronic , printed . included support forty years from . works of . the any with that loose particular main paper , in we search to how , Gutenberg about newsletter to to Gutenberg eBooks the about donations www website edition information . gutenberg produce our email how , how subscribe Archive Foundation to