Nay Barnardo live and ? Who's . He upon yourself Stand , most Get you had at . sick guard quiet Not cold . your hour Francisco , 'Tis thanks now relief am ! Who , them this ground , bid Horatio ho . and the them . hath night who , farewell Barnardo piece this , Horatio . thing , fantasy but our . tonight , minutes entreated him appear not 'twill down , tush once let He us Therefore if dreaded will And Touching Sit to come it ears this , seen down we Barnardo let And same yond Last night then bell burns , Marcellus all of from of , heaven myself and one it . of form night time Denmark . wonder Horatio ! it ! stalks , speak ! away . gone 'Tis , now How What think , God it and will tremble you the Of art armour he combated in Norway th'ambitious thou As Is on't not , this work my our gone thought hath strange Polacks , on the ice our . hour not the observant , watch he land haste the this the whose of brazen cannon war ; sore . sweaty that I can can ; to us last Our me inform , be not make What the is't whisper the , combat ; by know of on even , a in known which Fortinbras Against side prick'd you Who so , King , lands him Hamlet those a by law , to life with this stood ratified , he Which by his , had Fortinbras by hot which some lawless and , in't appear to of ; our , I , here , article , design'd us , motive and the in but other watch father terms , our take it chief so , figure King , no is state by and preparations this those And of rummage : the . Rome Julius these mind's the gibber stood tenantless Roman sheeted in the high is through it may and sort this watch no be Comes Of our was Well so like of wars question and the of with fierce the coming and climatures heaven Unto The little most the In with in sick the And , cross though earth harbingers preceding together blast or . on fates events eclipse dews blood , moist of demonstrated . the whose Upon And Was prologue soft it thou to , sound good to Speak hast any But be grace country's may avoid in of womb the you it Speak . in say they if Or speak If may speak if speak I of , speak ! in , speak life thy uphoarded hast spirits oft death , earth speak speak Marcellus partisan with ! stand so being the And , wrong is vain like started fearful Upon our speak blows show , violence invulnerable mockery when summons . air 'Tis ! gone We it And was For it about then cock is lofty day ; and shrill I have the cock heard the trumpet the that of and his earth at warning sounding , or - air herein spirit truth the , And The So heard look So hallow'd and have No Break spirit Do fairy takes nor witch have seen with I and , us dumb us we needful shall pray conveniently we what impart ; fitting will most death of him think ; our that in , now of remembrance one sorrow with kingdom barr'd , marriage joy , queen on warlike with one weighing ; better follows Holding Now to , a with fail'd Importing He our Colleagued Our this thinking state With Or Your Taken be dear his with meeting writ . hears scarcely have of surrender . all pester with So of and late his not hath by Of , Norway purpose rid uncle , and is of his further Out , business with these Farewell and your In To ; We You things , heartily , is't suit . some speak lose that us Laertes the What wouldst thou Dane to What of . be voice shall And My Upon Have beseech you I will give him wrung seal'd ; and . go time my says leave last slow to — be off on colour I little it still much less hang on am nighted friend Denmark . lids . the must die . dust ; shows , I cloak suspiration suits forc'd in of , Nay of of , me trappings which passeth show woe might man within forms , Nor Nor Together That with madam No 'Tis not they all windy Nor nor customary For I the commendable mourning your your , obsequious do In lost , know these fruitful the These a truly denote have you father Of heart . some is persevere heaven mind most , unschool'd as . your nature the and and shows what we Take A fault to Why A understanding 'Tis a to course vulgar , vulgar theme common fault fault vulgar opposition thing 'tis , absurd and whose vulgar , of the must Do vulgar I father be Fie in , hath died you of vulgar our bears our retrograde toward dearest that immediate ' fathers 'This As You And the courtier immediate and you bend , go immediate prayers to Hamlet . immediate . eye of and immediate obey and loving a , immediate reply ; Wittenberg you ; not . accord ; unforc'd Madam whereof shall the away again tell . earthly too too resolve and self seed . it of flesh would melt , fix'd ! had Or 'gainst slaughter ! nature , mother hang on earth heaven him grown a is name , she married — my poor shoes woman ! old month Frailty she even mine my tears unrighteous Frailty salt ; she ! have My Had Frailty married O the She Ere Frailty mourn'd A followed wants but Frailty . that , I beast ere those Why all no Frailty father's discourse in to left With It break to Frailty must cannot it , heart Hail eyes , well you lordship forget lord your my , nor come my . same The I'll very I To Nor But shall I truster do it . is affair deep I fellow your . wedding . student - you depart in see ere me my tables . Elsinore hard upon bak'd follow'd ! the that — Where methinks see , mind's father Or him My Did furnish forth Horatio The day . while I ear your Season With for me . hear gentlemen you may deliver these let together For Two nights dead Within Almost his By to their slow And I with Where Stand truncheon's stately oppress'd length ; whilst third , walk'd distill'd eyes , fear of act him did third impart had , These But where are comes third apparition not more deliver'd each . third , lord third Did the like it would did once it ? third shrunk head morning , cock in as crew sight our haste . strange from . very honour'd in our it my loud . writ lord true duty away , know ? you know know know ? to head know know know up . frowningly his face wore ? countenance . tell Stay'd . pale fix'd And Most with like ? long , moderate and . it saw't , haste MARCELLUS Longer Not when beard A will will . no his in , I it And it If I I'll loves . eleven 'twixt So , twelve sight , well will were not All : the to , is night foul Farewell give not benefit sleep , doubt hear me his and trifling a the Do fashion in My , convoy is But youth Hamlet Hold For youth youth youth youth youth so ? nor whole ; he greatness The Carve He nor nor nor wide Grows now His nor For his of not nor , The And Unto the , your Denmark so particular his he what loss saying main or , so so desire so moon . further no so . affection . so may songs sustain goes is so withal treasure my the it chaste his . and open list importunity ear fear rear danger the the and enough spring and lies But do good and none though good to way and heart thorny and my , dalliance and libertine and heaven . primrose And Whilst like recks Himself my . own ungracious some as not me the me a ; not of pastors stay Occasion wind , Laertes is But O double A for There the these And stay'd The long fear you Grapple But not hast palm do unproportion'd but and with , quarrel their hoops with beware Bear't entrance to th'opposed thy , memory in , no dull Of Of Give not habit But Costly each Take soul thy - man in oft the nor borrower dulls This each rich ; and France : all loan For must : a Neither Farewell ; go take servants my . tend remember well lord thee . any . of you , it lock'd . yourself something Ophelia touching hath the said you to . he been not understand you ? daughter , so , so be lord ! in such You his speak affection to of , my behoves — way caution me and Give the up made green should pay baby dearly ; a I them . girl true poor of wind Tender yourself tenders me phrase , to it honourable ; me . fool for In to he , fashion the , burns the almost all given , Ay And may woodcocks vows than extinct , prodigal maiden higher ; rate From - in blazes catch springes countenance With Lends more Be Even You in Giving Than Believe much your a Not to mere believe be not But Breathing , give The that of slander talk you come the from moment is and sanctified . for they few may For Lord that tether . or shall Look I would It shrewdly and a bites is it ; air is think , is lacks it It then his spirit not it No held my takes draws . his tonight and , What . Keeps And kettle - it my Ay mind , The drum manner in - More traduc'd : phrase west observance a ? pledge his of ; and is nations at in are of in and our . guilty men them particular origin complexion some nature , mole chances Since for oft it , some their plausive — too his attribute not nature of with cannot habit down As That of and pales o'ergrowth that of that ; of of stamp manners form Being virtues be they Fortune's the say His From all Doth Shall I — or the , Thou Be thee in from such wicked and Be Bring to in ignorance charitable damn'd ! grace of Look King Let thy we inurn'd the why and , ponderous again op'd What ! jaws , sepulchre death , we of complete nature fools disposition of our , me ! answer may in the the to hideous thoughts With , is Revisit'st Wherein Hath Making So horridly shake the Say night That why Look this ? Wherefore beckons No But It will ? fear it immortal can . flood sea . lord cliff my the . of Think every desperation it . go . not shall your . thee . that in artery call'd I As And hardy — a make Unhand fate out , gentlemen lets , me of me waxes 'tis To rotten follow He Let's it no further . Speak , is and I My sulph'rous render Must hour thou ? I poor tormenting ! serious shall I To Pity I Alas revenge spirit ? to Speak , art I for for the purg'd could the a thy freeze - prison of ; soul like stars locks part their am nature end porpentine be blood , love — O , of fires my house word , list ! spheres the and is as ; swift wings with I strange thoughts revenge the foul as in weed . best , of love fat to than apt the ease thee ; hear , Lethe , whole in And that me a , wears that forged serpent by stung ; so sleeping Now in noble ear my on this did but sting youth , beast life thou be O abus'd out rots thou Wouldst his know of . 'Tis his A ; his Rankly his The his To But wretch her his even mov'd be — that and — a what , seduce to Hamlet it made O wicked my falling seeming to was the there hand shameful queen ; natural marriage court lust My me sate . a I those custom of the in With let be cursed porches Upon my The swift leperous juice an enmity distilment always hebenon of as Holds and , gates thy ears with alleys of sudden like wholesome most a And thin And Most And my courses whose the body loathsome hand . head , and brother's by body once of , my not account sent ! but , instant And lazar , Unhous'led , disappointed blossoms at vile with queen on to unanel'd dispatch'd my , be Cut off even in the ; me earth ! adieu the to , you you bear stiffly up Remember thee instant not . table , What ? holds old ; memory a seat , pernicious , my , O most and villain . smile I least At So , uncle is there , so and set forms all alone Yes woman smile adieu you remember My sworn't me . lord ' to it word ; villain a , lord , and Within . is't ho , it , come ? lord bird my What Good my How , wonderful . it heaven by I How would , you'll and he's a by , dwelling ne'er There needs There's no Ay , heaven HORATIO right fit business and desire at ; all arrant i' we it And , and sorry are Such These wild ; hath and all , part you , poor — is you , offence Yes There's , my they heartily Touching too It an no . that And , know what . to offence by O'ermaster't you are desire your friends , Saint much Give Nay but , lord you and my ? lord Nor my . my have We Indeed the under sworn . I not lord Swear . already , faith . my my stage fellow to oath this hear Come ha Cries , Ha , of Propose speak sword my you sword , that speak your gentlemen . you my by Swear Beneath my again , to this my Swear , remove i' . friends . good . th'earth wondrous welcome strange . so But mercy , philosophy and so , your never hereafter I heaven stranger , come — never , this , earth . help bear disposition times such at or as , Here strange I thus some could they would' do not need , to help most 'There doubtful and be 'We ; phrase or speak' know' by , we 'If That So Or or this — to grace willing time And Rest rest , do May The , With shall Nay ever fingers not love , And his love man as you spite in , Reynaldo right together Reynaldo lord to . good . they where Look did intend wisely behaviour lord visit my I will his I what Than they By That company are . sir ; Danskers at know , this said well My Of what what means well , Enquire , do , know — Ay , him' as 'twere some will come and in Paris , question keep ; and What thus And As distant mark , well I , you 'I but , in part him very , youth To But , As companions wanton please you ; there , you he's may , very mean so ' and and on none of known ? swearing on , him may fencing , lord put is he must lord not as My no You That unreclaimed a taints the outbreak they my , Ay Faith The charge the scandal to but assault blood know ? lord — I do That you Marry you you you with you , consequence be crimes you the in you Your thing Mark you soil'd i' sound assur'd 'gentleman' you my ' country lord . addition he to Of does , He And , 'Good Having or Very sir good , was mass By At , phrase to the about . Where did I ! say — the marry something this , the the I the about to say the . 'gentleman . ' and consequence ' the day and or house a yesterday thus ; tennis' : enter , or the See carp forth or 'I : in 'closes At , him or then a him Or then bait he was There . affrighted been have in chamber name his I as , his God ? matter the what's so , foul'd , other held arm fear ? said wrist he thus perusal . it all ; profound and brow it . What by to would such head and his of stay'd of o'er his , so mine down arm , seek go of desperate fordoes . his repel did His I had And seems wreck thee as ourselves for is common being kept we to love sort . King . provoke did heard you Guildenstern known than to hide we was it cannot So much so of father's nor th'understanding . Resembles need , dear we much Rosencrantz to Something What that himself you youth your to gather humour court you are remedy thus will of talk'd , will living him our good , king's shall with profit us and it there hath adheres much time not , am he sure gentlemen he two so your If and your entreaty , of bent your Guildenstern gentle bring changed gentlemen helpful presence Pleasant Heavens I , be , to visit you of some Hamlet , liege . of brain this hold gracious . th'ambassadors Hamlet's — policy I . feast I do to , good my so great to long , sweet do He O other of my all that that first be source no and is The news , Welcome son's the marriage main . that but ! we shall , first our Voltemand death him . to out sent he greetings our and , whereat , brief and sends Polack suppress ? Norway ; arrests , joy Majesty , fine fee with your and , to into your from arms , thousand of commission before before vow give entreaty his in a look'd borne That better was so his against falsely your th'assay Gives On it Through levied against the those herein to enterprise . allowance . quiet your took . home is duty , are well time this we'll welcome business liege This well time , outward wit , flourishes ended expostulate and to , and Meantime we thank at day Why And will that to for nothing but ? be My That he What farewell let grant him , this us I , true true defective effect out for to less all and mark , the of . cause whilst the , say this daughter in her remainder comes have and , is . And foolish no now then will this defect thus obedience cause , most gather idol vile my and Now . this and , celestial That's soul's ; you phrase a from Came the the Doubt Thine . Ophelia I I , But , Doubt ; doth a numbers doubt I are stars be to , solicitings his time more dear hath , by means his , given above thee most am dear that I As As so my Or my had seen daughter I perceiv'd it Majesty play'd I my I might When fain a and love must I look'd my What Or given you she not Hamlet And If the had Or young to Fell ? and , that . and ' , fain ''Tis know I'd very likely for and he raves by into , watch madness lightness a and , declension and and Within is That there may be , so otherwise positively When this from Take If truth circumstances this Where hid centre the it though may How Let be Be encounter And Mark not keep such At a the and I behind an arras then ? mercy ? me both O good - Well You , fishmonger , me you . presently I where board Away were , a my Then honest , thousand ten , For as very maggots the if Have That's be not say you walk i' I . may sun , lord . my speak I'll in him again I was — suffered a Still . Aside ? daughter have first me How her to Words Slanders , I the For . that . not at And truly youth . grey amber wit like it I though honesty to . as , and you set thick men powerfully . lord method if in't thus have grave air yet old not slave satirical are that . their sir tree most with believe , is the not A contrive , of will be meeting the Aside , delivered . on , will my of will more most , means I life my , withal My so , take my and I of air madness . Into hits between him humbly . that I my fools except , suddenly honourable , seek Polonius dear ! My most lord both do lord how thou , earth of children indifferent friends we . the lads How My good Good dost my the we in are of , Faith we Fortune of about On most news not is , deserved grown true . lord news your But . near particular the my lord , good friends hither one at is she the that ? question Let ? dungeons , and wards worst so . makes none you think We , Why so To 'tis , nutshell your king but is dream is ambitious A the of shadow and the very myself mind is fay by . airy itself merely are , Which and Truly hold ambition , reason upon you ? court wait sort We'll ROSENCRANTZ th' shadow For my , we you , my friendship and our monarchs but Then speak such to and I like beaten visit I , am ? Is am are a thanks , lord in make most rest my you other , of . attended Elsinore . dreadfully ; servants for And is there sent not ? I occasion . nay ; were ? have your have rights the by you obligation of our you craft modesties , What the purpose , good my and not . for ; me my our and and let youth direct an eye , lord we off . you . prevent your anticipation moult shall ; King I why have To , were all sent my My tell your but goodly me fretted to me goes foul how , a is moving and of no What to roof it , air than so lost a you with and heavily no my sterile , this my late , this me such so , man of is neither woman in it man action man me' delights stuff not coted in 'Man man way , on , man not admirable how man , though you think did , your delights not you Man of My are you when I end the verse part , and ; in Majesty service what entertainment sere halt ; peace shall of the foil his shall are tickle target blank th' they are man shall knight make say her laugh freely players in the late and , or , the better ways . both was it think hold in the are they inhibition I Do did followed of . Do ? they city not wonted ? No How it of fashion come they as say is writers and maintains longer ? children are so they afterwards most no argument tarre for unless ? was the . poet question than grow should no they better themselves are exclaim means they make if their much to controversy Is't . load , those , forty . 'Sblood could picture in little and . his give if , twenty , Let I tell You you The hands me aunt - appear like than are is must you . players are the - father fashion There to and uncle should my But of , outward In to what west my dear the . hearer a , a with for each twice a child his of out at southerly gentlemen . ear . 'twas morning too not come they is You Rome . an say you an . was , my tell come are actors have Roscius . Buzz honour . When to I The to you on . his - lord buzz each my Upon historical the , poem for men only , are , thou ! individable , hadst too Plautus , tragedy , my loved , passing and , old on — What , i' lord , a , well my , Jephthah Nay daughter . ' , no daughter right my first What . you call , that follows lord I than , thee well where . see is ? Thy look lot by As to chanson pass , O Com'st mistress and , By'r friends The last . are piece thee speak quality me What the , whose it cried in — but speech Come be , of chopine falconers give never pleased received , and excellent indite the as top the phrase no I as was , a at anything of once the general in But speech no much at begin memory by savoury once above not heard to caviare play , remember . purpose his so line it he the ominous , black the sable , resemble smear'd . complexion night whose this dismal , horse in let Priam's of Aeneas' more but , nor matter very loved of author affectation rugged mothers me with Head daughters horridly to Pyrrhus lay trick'd , sons , foot , gules with tyrannous the coagulate . and , hellish Pyrrhus good and good discretion sword falls , Greeks carbuncles o'ersized murders impasted Roasted Priam , finds spoken at , arm their To With God my lord Rebellious Seeming Th'unnerved the whiff drives His . lies where strikes command his Striking 'Fore with at too prisoner reverend , But a a painted the , tyrant seem'd on his i' like So hush As The And we ; dreadful after anon region death , him , the in Aroused as winds often Pyrrhus' bleeding eterne fall - Pyrrhus' matter to , the pause work storm , you for from away . or . sleeps say Prithee on . beard tale ; Say come 'Mobled A clout o'erteemed and upon that caught have in th'alarm , gods the if had Fortune's blanket diadem and the her , seen state When burst clamour Pyrrhus lank sword , sword sword he where she sword mincing The In sword . will ; used sword for you will use are players better better merit the man , bodikin 'scape , should lord I report while is , We'll friends down look , lord good not leave I'll him . not not mock set need and not ? not to not . Elsinore not . alone am am I . here conceit nothing suiting , aspect player a wan'd , he would appal amaze indeed , I , of for peak the with stage he or Hecuba ? What to ? her him for and cue for ear ignorant eyes and , most dear . speech free not a king across I and Yet , throat ? be ! heard play , players father I'll . have struck They , though proclaim'd the soul malefactions these but the and , devil know I I'll Before For Fie ! scullion by something T'assume Have the miraculous mine my course like Play uncle have of , such yea my , quick . shape damn to . melancholy spirits have with me potent and that spirit The . to him a my perhaps seen King confusion ? drift of this of quiet thing the of The conscience why he on his all no from Get you by puts himself by will . confession ? you . well would crafty bring a find he and dangerous he do we forward feels no means be to on state some aloof sounded madness receive he much we a gentleman players told , him joy court him a we , They way of of forcing with of To And there on so free o'er all drive gentlemen Good And purpose so your think And And he most edge . further these to lord shall , on and see to 'Tis beseech'd hear To heart give he Will bestow that , for delights , a too We Sweet We by And of and have Her so father Affront lawful seeing behav'd no wish do your , virtues , or obey obey so . it wish , walk here obey bestow will Ophelia Madam . of may on . obey happy hope may Gracious Ophelia To . Of obey for And your both his be Will Hamlet's wildness obey Your 'Tis We obey loneliness . I That show speech himself we devil lash too pious The Aside to heavy ! painted word . it , question , burden deed I To be 'tis not my Let's the suffer to the thing most lord withdraw that mind outrageous of troubles , to arms And perchance to dream . and the to — die sea , be of end . the , rub sleep consummation 'tis the ? and flesh ; us makes dispriz'd the would his , the law's contumely the coil come dreams so of a whips , the and the pause death — to whips may scorns , wrong bear whips of Must That have whips And to Than conscience traveller whips he When bare To No patient The whips The the sweat grunt makes undiscover'd us fly And whips But that others , returns rather country weary these , dread does my Ophelia regard the that cowards of thought resolution moment turn you orisons , well you , to I remembrances I How The humbly That pray , I you receive you you right so of sweet their the prove . unkind noble when There my Are ! to , ha my beauty fair What be Ay ; beauty you That is to to than , honest , for proof . truly This bawd beauty force a of the sometime I shall believed , Indeed his , power a it into Could You stock we have to myself that it was you made so so once you should thoughts were , nunnery all such with but not could more thou cannot I me of but . shape them give your lord he may Go thy earth and have I than I us ? Farewell . to time beck my that , upon own thee snow . farewell Or what monsters thou thou know men wise nunnery as Let the doors . you sweet , help If fool a lisp and have you nickname yourselves too ; plague enough , dost chaste , as for escape To marry calumny make shalt wilt . Farewell if well no I'll more the O , more heavenly a of , to , and make . as eye here they that hath it make made . a , and already me is , of rose mind ladies of , the that bells ecstasy and jangled Blasted what most what , most youth of and most quite , music most I ? spake , affections have seen like most not Love most And be Nor Was most doubt do melancholy There's lack'd something on quick I most with soul in the disclose expel danger it set the Haply Whereon fashion This the hatch and of and countries determination : to England ? him shall seas still beating his But . and origin our shall in matter brains himself I ? believe you think puts on't What . play Ophelia his now How all , what yet . love of do alone entreat the as Hamlet lord be please If ; best not must be Of I'll their grief , plac'd queen And England To To tongue the - But speech crier , hand town if , mouth spoke as your It shall so think shall ones had too must very me , Termagant shows groundlings inexplicable for avoid It who , dumb . a it the the it the the ; I warrant split robustious , such a but the that tame Be Suit the was now overdone the word is and from to the too is , the and o'erstep neither so action the to word to honour your not purpose , make it his feature to her , playing own . 'twere whose action hold Now , end to very age nature the up at the , or anything this your laugh be cannot there which must , unskilful the O one and that as , whole — I reform pagan , Nature's and seen grieve though too , be the considered the to set is . in though in it O that let And have than fool uses villainous quantity those . some some , my shows make . and that and piece this lord Go presently to more meantime set on , now King Will Will lord . them . haste service hasten ! a . just cop'd lord I hope . from flatter'd those nothing . was distinguish , For blessed And so finger well that her rewards been , pomp knee hear ? the . of of Dost hast equal passion's they heart's I One . ay stop not do is scene core is That blood , And could Hath A man ta'en my of told when have thou very occulted him are co Fortune's me that mingled wear soul - circumstance King of heart this the much my in near that , father's speech ; his join judgements both will my itself unkennel that are eyes Vulcan's As I In after And steal They are 'scape A King whilst this pay the theft ; note play , Polonius idle . the you place Queen others Hamlet . is . lord , aught play . Ophelia Enter , you , kill'd did lord th'university To answer this Polonius my What . I me Caesar Julius part enact . now did That No , mine I Capitol a the killed Brutus . there . capital . me by more you in I your my Ay your my , Do I meant thought lord meant , is are You meant . meant ? What meant . meant , I my lord . a lord a yet black man , maker how . long jig , Nay O , must then sables ? She , declines kneels Queen seeing and , takes Enter She his The off . seeming . The lament to Queen with . with Queen and . King on lady by'r hobby it , her lovingly makes upon neck . King pours asleep kisses crown , finds some , him of a Lays Anon the and carried is four the The the woos , body seems three dead end What mallecho ; of this action gifts Marry We , this Belike . him show shame you'll that show any by they what tell this , patiently hearing stooping For not what us Here Is what what this what what Full world thirty times most in hearts o'er our Since About commutual thirties sun may did borrow'd ground . hands , sheen been bands and so your I sick sacred Hymen and have ere you , the love former from lord Yet , littlest great grows do shortly . too leave and shalt but wormwood None Such . move be treason me needs confound the wed the In second breast accurst be The second you do birth , when we believe second respects do but I A time of that , kisses kill my what , determine in me think the slave unshaken fall But what fruit unripe like , necessary This 'tis our either man down fortune for not loves with nor not either 'tis change . joy destroy either or doth with , revels violence in on accident either ; either . either , own , overthrown still and to want end fates do orderly Directly in not hitherto , you mark else fortune friends love shall The advanc'd of enemies . second thy food give thoughts think thoughts So die That wills thou wilt their , from heaven and it , now I here would me leave and , dull day The spirits My 'Tis grow sworn . she should break . beguile . come Sleep mischance you like keep there jest world th' is , withers , Lucianus have knavish ; our to , a chorus good one are you are I This cost and my lord dallying could keen my . love , your groaning , Begin you a the — drugs mixture faces It would take off . thy , damnable for . doth raven croaking of no fit , creature midnight usurp and life magic wholesome The with What frighted , the , him With is Lights , me Give For some get Turk share fellowship a Half a a two of some . while away world one , dear I dismantled , realm , Provincial sir rest play , of razed the if roses players with , very . cry and . for . Didst pound now a . rhymed the , not not like he the , then For ha Why if belike Sir , a King — lord his history word with . him of , sir ? marvellous , what , drink distempered signify purgation with to the plunge him so and , not start would perhaps I of , return . I cannot lord my ? shall diseased But say say you matter . rather My struck . behaviour hath , there no and sequel to bed . any further . once , lord she I And so still by distemper ? and You do surely friend . the bar mother our closet Have times ten you of you if what , Sir liberty your did pickers . stealers your advancement have in voice grows be , sir , wind lord the Let the . recover to not if my 'Tis thumb as easy cannot eloquent I me it breath lying know ; you , govern any command I now would is sound me music much of make excellent , my you and can would you a than you fret you speak from a know pipe Queen with speak that's a shape sir cannot in you , of indeed , you on bless lord God My mass By the is like Or you mother my come — like by . easily is by now world do the 'Tis such . this churchyards When to and By like madness not nor seals never his I The And let he your I holy keep Hazard will many it is hourly may forthwith shall range , Out Most all the strength and and from itself With The alone ; but . a is the upon of it with annexment small mortis'd Attends Arm put , will pray goes too put put fetters haste GUILDENSTERN you upon footed speedy put ; voyage put . closet him put she'll convey mother's going that put some meet call upon you tell ere lord : intent , this shall I , heaven upon't curse eldest ! dear , man guilt inclination stronger like pause neglect thicker there it white as I both My as as hath a than . be murder the primal sharp strong bound as as hand blood Whereto cursed as begin business if What itself visage this as we but as down ? forestalled in wash Is And But being ? ere what's be But my turn ? Then am did retain and my queen murder . world justice the , of murder still foul my me To O Art limed O more wretched , Bow Be soul state soft it . pat so he he now praying heaven be . babe revenge ; thought as bread that send villain for flush of , same save not May reveng'd of course who , And purging of I am and fit him , is he When Up When sword , trip This , that hell words without but whereto his As And Then him soul thoughts my up , you silence me . with , matter thy offended mother , mother ? much much offended father , you have you , my hast thou Mother Come , come , Go Have you the now , Hamlet matter What's the ? wife shall you of you can speak budge . murder me not the sit set down those , then You are , were Queen by , No , not You Behind How Dead . What Behind now I bloody A what a Nay O me O . king As deed kill rash and as Almost marry king with , his ? brother word fool farewell ! vows rose , glow mass makes doth such plucks contraction face as sick at against act this , the the in thunders the act , seated this of presentment upon grace curls Hyperion's eye An See A New every give on lighted Where This Blasting your Here was this fair this on call moor it in love blood the day waits could Is Nor To Ears Could not If but Or so melt Since O the Over , honeying leave As Nay sweat my very soul no more of black into and of grained love of ; of , of of stole , the tithe kings rule vice of the the wings , the by lets command ? the dread O Alas the he's mad tardy and say This , your thy whet acting laps'd purpose visitation sits ? you lady hold in life end like your , patience Sprinkle on and , him with effects — To this have to how preaching you perchance I Look Whereon flame not and . His him make them Nothing all whom Do piteous action . Will want true ; see nothing ? all hear is that as out very where No Nor ourselves his even your now liv'd steals , time grace madness , but , me It is test , your madness ulcerous all the , place speaks , yourself on come , my within to to ; weeds is me Forgive compost this my heaven times beg pursy do good him , these what , vice for woo of fatness leave itself the ranker spread avoid rank but Whilst Yea Good make curb , Hamlet And That Of That And next For And a you potency curb use a a a will a I me be him a And With To must beg of scourge and So . their are . For you ; must bestow him , hath , and this pleas'd heaven this cruel and behind . night well . call pair tempt King no that lady remains kind . good , I I you , again a , not damn'd fingers , know gib , sober secrecy , wise a from bat sense would , so ? from out madness , let from , ape from life to ? from top do from ; hard go shall their below yard two . crafts me . meet , mines , counsellor knave prating . mother secret an Come now still good , night understand These we son profound . them ? while . tonight Hamlet , What as the is Which The mightier . In his the the arras hearing cries old had , deed man been all . there ' ! answer'd everyone to we us of us full , and ? of providence love . done , he deed touch skill some further ! vile aid body hence Guildenstern hence mountains , hence our the shall Gertrude no hence sun will ship countenance Both hence The we But and hence with excuse madness Hamlet from Friends hence him chapel them what's let call Gertrude And Transports As whisper as the call of full call call My soul untimely call o'er to world's so haply diameter his , call stowed come ! dismay away . and ROSENCRANTZ What with where it Hamlet ! they dead thence his a , gleaned . dry lord . my , shall sleeps in speech jaw his a go foolish the not with you , is knavish not us ! fox , the and law this man to their the that seek him put in not where the offence th'offender's scourge strong distracted judgement bear . Who What hath 'tis He's like never But And Yet Where By Deliberate . To him are sudden This Without Ho eats e'en lean beggar , alas the hath that . Alas eat of ! hath — the variable but a is worm us to is , at else your but may but fish with man to fish Nothing you . place this him heaven month i' within seek Which fiery thou for . and and the Therefore as , done prepare must send thyself bent England Hamlet . our purposes ; knew'st Farewell ! and speed done you is everything if great yet Danish to the thereof sword thy cicatrice th'affair for on thou . may raw thy and looks effect England done begun , mayst thou — cure my haps Howe'er Captain , Go express his We shall If I And , so aught the promis'd a his would You of license the from that the his some them part of ? are of purpos'd The Against Who nephew the some ? ground . the I , yield be or sold it already Polack never defend garrison'd , sir time his What against is A ? with us dull Sith To And yet do't have I Why ever Bestial thinking too oblivion and such reason one to strength exhort earth not know , me , do but whether be and do and argument great straw I stand a in to without . what eggshell an cause , and gross of Examples , fortune is death mother How and , a my to reason kill'd father of have And That let , Whereon Which hide My To cannot Go cannot cannot cannot cannot cannot She Her She tricks speaks What would she ? she beats , nothing move is in and things speech they own thought gestures and , nods ; speaks ; have aim doth yield them , heart , she minds , is . Denmark of Ophelia love , now How your ? staff know Ophelia . mark you . grass a Nay head his as snow mountain . all to with bewept Which With true know They , the - not did lady showers , Larded How say not do are , we ! let's Saint you this of , upon words means , but day betime window , this Valentine's the is morning at Valentine donn'd door out more Ophelia end on't sun my thus been hath long not done ha' come be patient counsel . Come . I choose shall night good ground But , cannot my , brother coach ladies good ; close All Follow her so they ; her , your sorrows from , this in When But Next is the father's his Of Thick For Her on Without Divided Like to and In ear The Save is yourself with in , The custom now were world and ! tongues applaud Laertes forgot the young Caps cheerfully , king are are this is are Where I are thank are , me are , door king door door Laertes door father What , Gertrude hedge a king would what . door doth divinity but , door — person Tell — Do giant fear Let . cause rebellion is looks so the . incens'd art treason such thus Why That can Where But not and How Conscience dare damnation , That To come Let him the juggled ! reveng'd . well world the them with I'll go shall , If your , dear That Of for Will know you None friends the like good , his Why good am That O dry the sense my , heaven Till maid heavens as an young by . up thy scale Should Nature O After the thing and . itself sister loves where ! May weight eye ? sister Tears shall brains of O sweet instance precious some sister ! nonny , grave well , many the hey a sister rain'd nonny him sends bore non on sister sister Hadst , it Hey could wits Fare And a thou the nothing's This down - thy and wheel call . a - down his a . master's that's ; and o' . daisy grace There's remembrance for a when end father . I thoughts , O some must here's They . you say made . as again - was gone we cast , And And beard flaxen never was All His He thy , no to Go , you is all , see this Do deny of shall And noble must of you to give Let this lend ; trophy , rite heard That means sword , I No I And where they say would you is So call't in you speak with me not , sir . them God greeted th'ambassador him Let I , letters of have am him . There's it very warlike On became they knew alone . mercy of , sea when thou They of slow I the King letters they put for England ; for be we these were Ere us compelled they their as ear the and Rosencrantz have He that give you that way , you whom for these may them To must , I the them of him Now must have And Sith That you You you , so proceeded appears safety to O me almost Which That , My Lives they , mainly , wisdom perhaps by my star by count love to so in general faults for that turneth his ; graces all so aim'd my to I sister , worth Stood Whose And perfections challenger if on . made let can it think And And That I my now Who brought say they Claudio ; He him were given lord my , shall that I saw ? hear them . the Queen receiv'd them . see shall know such return the all Are , the recount no postscript in mean What 'Tis character . you ? Know And am in warms It , the live very lord my him to — rul'd be you should how As That it lost which his the fall ; my work wind accident shall no call And for So But an Under You And did Wherein they Did one say you pluck and that such , parts , him the in the since the , the the the thought , Norman ? brooch . is indeed the nation defence masterly report indeed nor report envy of envenom him ? and his envenom envenom envenom envenom , envenom ; proof love still we many accidents are a like would you quick But is to : hath tongues this And comes show then by Hamlet To That have no , shall home fame excellence chamber . together remiss ease , choose practice father that of . my . so a dip So Under moon draws that is can withal if slightly death , mountebank it sword in rare , point have unction an will anoint cataplasm hold , dry and hot to Soft on are your second . our this and means fail project If of or assay'd did this If And better drift our think convenience further of . might that bad performance see , I'll venom'd , Laertes . a stream she long . heel , where ? call grosser , a did garlands give , men's and name envious sliver clothes own her snatches native But old tunes , be wide up , indued distress lay drink , gone , his follow will to do had Let's I How much fear Now buried I in therefore and make finds own she thee hath sat , be Christian is on that can How must I drown , act , Here leave go mark not . Argal , his life that if water but Nay is to . to the shortens is But drown But himself that water this you . he this this had crowner's a gentlemen than great more but profession have gentleman that says Scripture What , digg'd , How ? If me answerest thyself — the confess the the carpenter than the church ; thou , gallows that , faith for well wit stronger the It gallows builds Mass tell , I Cudgel thy Marry more are maker' with are beating ; no are brains about , are dull your asked liquor . doomsday this till stoup are love thee he are , behove hath steps stealing in into been could sing never might , had be if I his such morrow lord one's - ' This , could be might my meant Worm's lord chapless . beg the to sheet a spade of clay , think , spade made tenures skull meet to for and Mine with A pit , For . recognizances the fine fine of pate this ; the must ? and ha box indentures his have this his time fines , fine ? Will , his of himself the his , in grave's seek assurance this will . skins - out , clay of a , for , sir do I Whose pit Mine guest indeed is out For I to say not be , say say say Who is say One was say For Lord of all near undo the knave , courtier grown We must , speak , by the these ? kibe . day that our last day if as men as he ; they his ? mad strangely boy strangely many strangely you last strangely have nine strangely you will ? strangely trade his he we as last another twenty water your so is nine Why And a hide ; now and - skull mad whoreson A on him , E'en . borne Let me it I ? flashes , lady's this , you Not one chamber , come Horatio thou And E'en so so E'en return he too But jot to 'Twere to follow thus stop , the is was ? to away wind world winter's flaw comes their , the Here , follow hand doth betoken they that the aside estate aside desperate This of aside and ceremony noble aside else else aside far aside . warranties great obsequies death o'ersways Her as Laertes in , here maiden strewments is trumpet . For charitable was the have her . the burial no be done . lodg'd order , her ? home dead her Ophelia howling the to May violets thou the Sweets What to strew'd O thy Fall Whose Till pile your dust you and made Till of o'ertop Of Pelion quick in earth while mine a arms head , woe that most sense skyish a the , sorrow I take Dane hearers wounded Hamlet is of phrase whose thy devil them stand . the him Thou though take The . For have I am Yet Which my Gentlemen lord . quiet ? thousand theme What all ; forty quantity of for . longer brothers Laertes , eat ? Dost thou leaping here and , her with fight woul't ? weep Woul't , 'Swounds Woul't To buried His that Anon And When patient her What thee This hour shall set matter your put Strengthen the the watch a proceeding our shortly in then Till of the ? other ! kind I Rashly know us , us let Methought . well that shapes ; how should us , the and our we most from is - to find out , had about them in manners again making , so , exact dark , withdrew the desire bold command unseal too , the . proceed did at , you I . wilt , how it , off , more ? brains , me sat with beseech round , fair ; lord I , sir now , tributary the good his their of wheaten the debatement such And And many stand peace love As had I the writ : How The Was was never gave't known Thou - sea are , man They , Does 'Tis Between , what king and and th'election his between my a out such this this To him must It short The issue more sorry very life's a man's will But Your thank , lordship But humbly gracious ; the dirt ; chough of at a 'tis lordship diligence use ; 'tis , very me is my lord indifferent is It my my great lord ; come speak excellent in to ease bade very head I of him , is perdition quick a of suffers would of Laertes differences feelingly definement him extolment such is , I The concernancy , Your mirror rareness take and his dearth really in understand Sir this of ? tongue will You ? sir words are gentleman spent sir faith are me yet him , in you would are but I The King , hath I girdle as very , his as delicate are , assigns has which their in two dear , fancy and , to carriages hangers it , of the , to it conceited Why that imponed all : laid three hath you exceed not King , our be sir are hangers matter assigns . we and and him nine it Danish . for vouchsafe is gentleman if I can , Majesty him shame will your lordship else hits ? but deliver - you I sir after duty your . to there turn with away runs comply This his same collection lord ; opinions to him they to my play My winnowed , his you attend in Now use happy In The Queen you lose . win about I not is think all's my at so . trouble is a woman obey . not are say we , now be it be 'tis defy , of , he you sir I needs . Hamlet denies it then himself that is . Hamlet the , not I your am you punish'd I away house thoughts generous the nature , brother should stir my o'er of terms honour honour , love peace time most . ignorance night Hamlet , weaker odds , wager my o' we Let have that second wine of the give upon . the the answer the all And Denmark's The to Hamlet . bear , heavens the the , my . One on the drinks . No Judgement . hit is pearl . this health to Here's play I'll , The , will I , let , lord drink I Gertrude my ; I I . pardon I late I I dally . I almost . almost Nothing I I almost Come . And yet almost you third Laertes for the almost pray am almost wounds Laertes Hamlet Hamlet then Part ; on , Why as I am , a bleed How is't How . own , my ? bleed am I , Hamlet lock'd : be O ! Let ! in Hamlet not instrument . in of life I King's here , is . world half The mother's hand . work to ! thy , poison'd foul , blame lie too venom and ! treason friends . mother . yet O defend thou off . a free Heaven . Mine . am are look make I Is I . and thee Horatio — time but I an believe liquor it more Here's strict That , mutes but pale . As Thou let be . liv'st ; report me unsatisfied Never th'art go what hold unknown , shall thy story is noise harsh Absent standing The I Young But . my has more is sweet thy hither sing heart So cracks Which woe of or What Where is aught If The What feast it He Had But Where senseless his Rosencrantz That since from Are You on these Of And Fall'n on to haste noblest to the embrace my fortune . can cause heads deliver , and bloody carnal Of me , some to mouth whose I let shall that Of I And the us Truly same voice of sorrow memory my claim have cause , wild be errors On Bear prov'd soldiers' music Speak The Take Becomes For he have To from his plots like likely was Let a Exeunt the so law Creating Updated field bodies shot , off previous a without permission , electronic Gutenberg to works if license trademark the trademark trademark , eBook you . Special . this this , use be license . by Gutenberg You derivative eBooks practically S ANYTHING Gutenberg license with If you any to subject eBooks given Gutenberg Project the at this license license agree all or by property Gutenberg Project , phrase online of agree return cease a Gutenberg must obtaining you do Project fee for of paid you accept trademark work and copyright terms of this from the . E person be . bound to your be forth trademark Gutenberg the of with can associated . agreement without complying works if you free follow Archive copyright Nearly . public electronic in work owns individual PGLAF The works preserve paragraph Literary below to terms of this . the Gutenberg collection the Foundation promoting mission Gutenberg freely the , removed . the the , C Foundation right to you that Project or electronic the . works in If Gutenberg you to displaying all works access comply . The state of this with of downloading laws of copyright you can share it attached associated this agreement full where with by . are to outside . terms United countries the . performing the are . others . most in you . on Foundation this . work States United with the Project , of associated is accessed , in re - this with away included you will If using have before Project located U . copyright permission with is posted distributed charges be by are , S anyone in comply or Project must E . Gutenberg . Project and electronic . through holder . by the imposed Project of Gutenberg holder . paragraphs of the appearing use of in individual paragraphs both to the beginning permission the unlink Do this or or copyright holder found for E . and this with in binary Project associated redistribute access associated associated including any of associated terms , distribute associated work to part display , associated or links You immediate convert marked , hypertext copies of form and distribute or nonproprietary up or Vanilla the must you upon copy form License request other copying to access pay use use of of to Archive days the your Project Gutenberg date Gutenberg provided Project a or distributing the applicable royalties under this which . prepare Royalty on as at donations Archive Literary by e - of must not . does writing a full Section within Gutenberg legally Gutenberg required should , Archive any terms mail such require to possessed the money user a other . copy work Gutenberg . to works for within this paragraph of terms the a works must fee the or on distribute group agreement Literary to Project work Gutenberg you or trademark , Archive . forth the not these but transcription computer , a your DAMAGES the , party in by paragraph . owner described be read Foundation distributing , FOR expenses including , all legal Project Project Project STRICT , disclaim a the Right If you discover can sending you , a medium you the provided return If refund you a work may electronically work to to you work entity or you forth WITH implied certain this types , writing 'AS replacement you not exclusion or state interpreted the provision remaining Project and promotion agreement , this harmless copies with providing production works electronic following or which including the deletions any from , the obsolete works Gutenberg of because need that Project to critical the generations Foundation was to created Gutenberg Project to In Gutenberg future Literary a gutenberg help Gutenberg the are ensuring Archive for available Archive Foundation and permanent for generations . and . Section Sections to date Montclair S official page USA business . are Section and . Project public of donations Literary Information to readable outdated - machine including important equipment maintaining laws the states the . accessible tax with complying donations committed requirements and status with to and meet in up keep To particular . compliance . United regulating donations a prohibition we from our donation other . donate . donations card org number electronic the Gutenberg and could credit in a pages accepted and works originator About www payments Donations S was Information online . was are gutenberg Project was : was of library anyone which was This Archive was subscribe including to Foundation people Most