? unfold there Who's Nay Stand upon your ! Stand . twelve Stand For . carefully relief am Stand Get thanks . at quiet Stand sick had Stand . cold rivals of I hear Friends Horatio good , do you . them . watch and Marcellus , you . there ? Welcome of . Say what What , Welcome Horatio A Horatio I nothing , us to if Therefore let sight I Touching With have this approve That this Sit That let are What two have your we fortified again it . part of sit beating bell , off . dead figure , not , Where Peace the In , Question spoke me with Horatio wonder , it to ? fear . to and Mark it warlike thee ! thee speak . stalks away I not and speak ! now ! my like armour had : own more Horatio What , Without Is ! art he When very Norway thyself it ! combated an ice the hour he . in on angry King parle . our opinion of scope and But the th'ambitious smote he once when , sledded 'Tis hath gross some And And particular In This in the strict from whose sore ; cannon brazen of the this , implements toward , Sunday that joint night be divide not Doth Who the might such impress mart of shipwrights the whisper goes now but Whose such , and tell toils Why now the nightly foreign Does the of even you by Fortinbras who our of by by know as least make , on side the For to most , inheritance King ; of he Which he gaged Hamlet . Now Norway Shark'd fell And been To , Well Did the Against His in to the , vanquisher full there enterprise some to , in't compulsatory to it doth and take I head , And of watch rummage , strong which us those unto stomach skirts of our no other , lands hand it . preparations in the and other that Neptune's almost fierce eclipse stands with fates , coming still and And our heaven prologue As Have even And I'll If there any , to , and it any Speak me thing to . earth harbingers together the demonstrated of grace avoid thy earth in spirits , uphoarded may fate , in Stay Marcellus . the womb of walk partisan stand ? speak ! oft and ! gone being ! the mockery of malicious when , about to it started like vain the the it offer was And And The For it our , speak cock then , a , his fearful lofty , guilty thing , warning , his shrill and the trumpet is Th'extravagant confine ever that , Wherein bird , nights hallow'd power planets night , stir ; believe clad part eastward mantle hill advice we tonight seen upon high my , to the in gracious witch wholesome are takes so hath then spirit all , it this fitting consent to ; up yon russet time , him our I us needful Let's But morn the look spirit do't To bear to , think fought it brother's death . that our Voltemand , Hamlet green contracted far sometime and weighing funeral in to Your we With Now Therefore with remembrance jointress , our sister auspicious equal With In With and Taken Our Or follows Holding a by disjoint of death frame , for made writ : lands . with all So purpose ; herein bed and , and is rid young of brother that nephew's - Fortinbras business uncle in are , suppress hears dispatch here scope the commend . our ? your . duty . allow articles you ? Laertes , Laertes , is't the voice your You of is not head The Laertes , of speak some what's What to native my be not hand Your From I show whence leave and to now Than To Have He your father's your bend from me says Polonius thine son less than . you still hang and and it , on the i' ? sun friend thy with all to is , madam If particular thee eternity . die . Denmark on vailed nature , through common thy noble father that it 'tis know'st But the are actions haviour have they sweet commendable that and which father survivor bound some to . and the within trappings in your nature a term to will do In lost In father your filial must give you But your To shows An A It For most vulgar your to , and to a your , must our thing and mind your the ? the most of reason against heart any we your we , 'tis . condolement sorrow stubbornness , simple peevish fault fault still that pray let you died nobility of of son take , whose , to For bears . note our for And Than going back immediate woe the till he and the , son Wittenberg . Hamlet , fair you a Madam accord grace shall shall , madam , obey her lose Denmark heart that heaven solid King's great the smiling No Be Why earthly health gentle But Re O Thaw Or How weary self all on't Fie Seem seed canon me nay merely dead not ! uses should ; loving was much mother heaven it , this to to that rank things That it so the king it of winds roughly — it tears Niobe it it ; beast , on ? too it might which With Like Frailty what By Frailty Frailty Let Frailty Frailty not me think O Frailty , such the flushing dexterity incestuous must you to tears , to ! forget myself . ever ; friend Horatio report ? no . you father's ere me see ! follow'd mother's - bak'd heaven hard marriage Horatio I Or father Did My I saw was a shall , man not , I him saw Who ? father King your ! may I for my King , witness these a till . while deliver you let of marvel attent This ear The to gentlemen watch your , father night , march eyes This distill'd , they : not impart they night the , and time third watch , third your more not . are third speak platform this ? we lord third did yet methought . third , and : as ; none it up made I did cock it third would loud . away not it third even then it from . But My do BARNARDO think live you my say , we And indeed you . lord do I , MARCELLUS let , sirs We watch tonight and to face than sorrow , foot . up beaver have would It been . there very like , one While with haste , longer BARNARDO . had I like might . moderate . saw't I and MARCELLUS when was was I again ; watch tonight , his , will requite understanding , So loves eleven and shall . your the your I hell though it hold be else but fare tongue , should it you . tonight this still no conceal'd in . hitherto tenable it I I'll as in play , necessaries My Till I My soul would ! mine still all the o'erwhelm some sit Do give sleep rise will . that doubt of ? blood nature primy permanent perfume No suppliance sweet a No The In weigh'd his soil mind this temple soul ; fear you his besmirch grow you not must his own and wide thews And will . withal The His he his main what with Whereof He is the Unto It the voice Then if of yielding further , treasure importunity or ear your goes no place it and act Denmark you , his Ophelia of The chariest 'scapes itself Virtue it Than May voice of may chaste unmaster'd your To in fear is the her heart Out to wary rebels th'effect , this else near But . heart best and before the then in maid are not as some and of and the me like steep of my watchman thorny ungracious to Show a Occasion , The And Yet I stay'd are any unproportion'd few shoulder Aboard the my your , a in ? Laertes wind here for character And you thou familiar thou unto friends Nor Those hast to that every Of But new , them thou , palm adoption steel ; day , judgement ; thee night be true station : gaudy best nor loses in they of a And Are dulls then be as thine the For loan borrowing all : follow to it Thou Farewell And blessing do , What Farewell Ophelia I take your to my said Hamlet . you remember and , I yourself you in keep . lock'd Farewell you Marry What So If be time , told , to hath : put — me and caution lord you of way in Have me audience of Given private he well been — understand ? my between it you your Of affection like . tenders . truth many ? what Tender yourself poor phrase ; pay more the , my heaven . to go to . lord know the in a extinct blazes prodigal do countenance may you the his , speech holy of all blood vows than promise light : catch tongue the Lends in Be a Look As to't The Have , to beguile plain , is bawds , lord with . come ; you charge so slander I words or ; The ; It ; is nipping I ; heard the it ; then to ; rouse bray , lord my It his wont upspring pledge ? I his of triumph Is drum and trumpet of reels Rhenish takes swaggering draughts and the his drains , though , custom though though custom is't it the nations and though though swinish it perform'd though of in of wherein cannot nature pith it ; tax'd though headed and drunkards achievements The in Since their vicious chances our marrow As birth their breaking Or Being , be they ; men doubt a , of take as — o'erleavens us grace blasts heaven of thy Be intents wicked such a or questionable thee Hamlet jaws , in ignorance burst canoniz'd burst Why King I Thou or I'll death quietly , Wherein op'd we cerements hearsed ; call . thee me ! tell sepulchre the ; fools we and shake reaches our the moon complete in corse up Hath glimpses That thou night the , again glimpses , glimpses Say glimpses glimpses glimpses beckons you waves Why I , not the fear that . lord ; fee immortal immortal it desperation every immortal , I'll as it immortal . immortal thing a immortal o'er again flood the it beetles there deprive his your some , immortal dreadful toward the tempt if What immortal Without more puts , it motive looks And hears waves on , go very The so me follow I'll shall your . body . Unhand , not hands cries go . lets that him of gentlemen ghost a I . call'd thus not with imagination the , Nay Something Let's . thou follow lead wilt I , me Alas Must to and come tormenting flames shalt , night , to . But my term secrets burnt thou Are To I two thy Would Thy knotted and each And eyes thy upon part their fast , list father blazon . thy God O be thou If of quills eternal Like love O , and Revenge , best and , thoughts the to my I find , whole my , than apt thee thou Now . youth death ear Hamlet in orchard , of so know my O The abus'd Now that did Mine incestuous his wit that prophetic , that have the power , gifts queen lust shameful virtuous with even of off there were it bed , through whose , With And , instant tetter vile body . vial did pour of blood vigour as such Holds Thus a like All sleeping , made to on O imperfections but crown of And life off sent , loathsome mine it bark'd at of and this incest it ; head Denmark . be not , contrive to thorns let that her bosom thy of bed nature Of With reckoning , Unhous'led mind - her bear most thee in luxury howsoever not Against Taint thy to prick Adieu you O shall couple ! heaven , glow And A But the for couch thou nor . the sting shows in Fare matin the the ? grow while . up the the , I'll the the hell host you bear But thou this In wipe , commandment book baser with And All Yea from distracted ghost globe away observation woman and be by live there of , alone trivial my Remember of fond ; heaven damned I , volume Yes ! in Now , smiling down , pernicious most may least sworn't to a Denmark . ' villain secure it be , Hamlet remember . me lord . MARCELLUS . my ! come . lord , reveal . wonderful my , lord heaven ? it , of secret . it think an arrant dwelling by ne'er ghost , all lord . MARCELLUS villain , knave the ; my How say But you'll as it is no I , These but wild and offend , and desire shall , you the own shake go , heartily . lord . heartily whirling You as For are offence And , There's too . that this there , ghost every is desire as your honest may , tell between and request scholars And know Saint Yes but by no Touching to poor , soldiers not will you lord and have what friends , is us friends me let , now faith . lord , not Nor We , my there . upon sword of hear you thou stage under the Consent speak to fellow this Never to shift , my sword my this hands , gentlemen again that . you . day old , A Well Never your mole ! night as things therefore are And and To dreamt are Here you arms encumber'd perchance or strange As list 'If 'Well we Or we speak' or some this disposition shall 'We or think help earth it and your philosophy , thus pronouncing by Or such at , How , of Rest love perturbed and such to ; head - shake would' we if note most — or could 'There out , this need help to , May do is fingers ever Nay God And The , money Give I and marvellous lord I his Of well behaviour intend me said ; first , what means , and you Paris , are come drift expense Look said will nearer it where they , demands what at Than As in him in Take company this friends Reynaldo ? very he's , him' — very his know part And Addicted forgeries sir As , companions youth lord , may ; Ay lord ; that , as ; Quarrelling My To fencing , You drabbing drinking would in go season it scandal may put seem and may savageness But good . blood incontinency taints you working you of fetch , the The Your you As , you I You you closes so Of , breathe guilty this you and 'Good the By mass the to or At , He 'closes I saw then or him 'closes closes with gaming with I 'friend the yesterday 'I and , at enter or so this lecture and find and with directions , advice you ? wisdom takes of falsehood him he brothel a , you son by indirections By b' ply lord . Farewell let Observe , now How With what , as I in lord Well Alas My as Ungart'red hat upon , look if a had , his knees to his stockings doublet sewing ? matter have Ophelia was so my No As his shirt , his , so truly hard by length wrist My , He goes me to he To lord I And took do not to thus his As And his to seem did such — last He his with he find with me the o' seem'd For And , doors . he without light go will I under passion natures That , him but did good our will As oft the any . me to letters judgement trifle , but ! opinions sort the King . move and he fear'd I is common is To And I am him . better jealousy beshrew to our we go , in , you hate for younger , close Come being This to that Guildenstern see it to court your to to you to him put hath should , to may occasion open'd to Some draw him so being That aught That And As To whom show expend supply your adheres am more us shall fits Good he To gentlemen much To , he , us afflicts will time please us time remembrance Both by Put , Your As visitation time the Might time your entreaty pleasures give lay To time our and and gentle time commanded service freely at , both ourselves be son My bring where of the you . visit some , instantly you changed , Thanks Rosencrantz and him . is practices Th'ambassadors too much these and make my still Have Both hold , I And I Hunts think the my I do my to very speak , I , of us'd O news Give first be not As Hamlet's that I them to fruit hear found . your that all of source it doubt I shall my Welcome , good queen he . Polack found ; the main , from greetings sent which he we , sift what Voltemand fair our levies , preparation your against better But It Most To On Receives Gives And levied an So him Whereon his his his his his as entreaty might such regards his , to thousand three And we rest Most at likes On please you to this , allowance and safety of As our My business welcome - took read . together is is is : labour . madam and , and soul of time expostulate . time mad mad day flourishes , the and noble , and time , wit madness true son art art 'tis A then cause no be for . to Your with define to mad , with More Madam , pity we Mad 'tis with say For let And he farewell with with To with That's Hath it celestial , given ill and vile Came a my faithful . the idol Now gather , the phrase : but to fire doth be numbers O whilst , believe to it him most . machine best a love I means , best move I , Adieu , sun the never above by she to time hath dear ill Doubt truth thee at lady in out hath What faithful might and and . love by of think do obedience my how All fell man prove had Before dear Majesty told . the you think desk me I hot on what so As a of would fain I Thence into a watch fruits receive of into , a Thence the and thence then a to my his tale weakness for , lock ' prince No young , thus I thy gave . her resort tokens a declension , make , that . very this madness she the , this will find I know . so otherwise , centre If this Take from this Where How you he hid him to hours together we try walks may sometimes in lobby , a state , he his I We But And Let be keep assistant behind If the does How . you reading for and poor O I a fall'n thereon no sadly Away But board I I you were , You Honest this of goes . ten as in maggots breed you , honest to be For not walk a very true my lord . he gone far is , on fishmonger do love my , Yet lord for read extremity ; lord old , amber have my read , grey powerfully if it most of thick you crab down . method , air yet the . Aside How I . my leave of and in't lord sometimes reason and . him ? his my , pregnant willingly my part life . anything I which , will you life he except more take is Hamlet . you seek to Lord . To These tedious old fools there . do over the happy dost How not good On Nor cap we . Fortune's indifferent Then secret the parts lord but privates the waist , But . near doomsday is Then None Fortune ? me more prison . friends true ? is Denmark's world my , Let the deserved grown a is it me To . so is , and prison . or bad king good myself a mind . count one in it were , space ; so for ; you makes ambition then , think that ; ambition it makes it is ambitious infinite A dream itself but a shadow light a . dream substance of I for the of merely is but a and . my am lord my friendship of an you to in such speak matter , friends I beaten like way you no in dear , You , Queen good end for there is . our of , dear proposer you better a conjure direct or for , even and by Guildenstern To I withal , But To know . let of consonancy what more youth you by with love What If . prevent feather your forgone this , golden look , air roof than and noble pestilent , in the of how me nor , is woman . say to And . animals and to , man a express like yet how of , a no appears this frame majestical this excellent most faculties like quintessence world lord smiling delights moving not seem to , my delights man on . Lenten what me' entertainment lover peace sere ; verse ? tickle his part th' in blank the lungs use humorous laugh . both delight ? travel whose profit whose they it inhibition whose . her mind shall whose whose What take was by whose think whose their hold the the endeavour the children berattle the most are the aerie , the tyrannically common stages for't . out ; the rusty grow are but — escoted they ? players — say is wrong and it them do Will can common scarce them the many come are they the nation ? not . no as holds money . of about went for the There player carry carry . those and carry , twenty Your carry his my carry carry this fairly my - aunt lord mother are with . come The must . You I tell which , players ceremony the appear west - north - mad north hawk from but Well Happily you , he tell : comes , and , at for will see you he's prophesy to My lord lord sir I , tell are you . honour my in so you . Roscius . was tell 'twas come Buzz actors actors pastoral - nor , men . poem the for , only hadst light or , heavy are , my what too history , ' and well more daughter which . Aside fair treasure Why thou . no What of . you call The Nay follows What that follows , well . lord my lord , Am Jephthah wot like . look glad Thy to What is voice cracked ladyship abridgement comes I your . uncurrent all piece . see thee and you are of . e'en gold We'll have the Com'st friends good , welcome my , O lady altitude of your last mistress last welcome quality a be straight , a . passionate speech us ? me , it But speech was in much excellent others or , not , with down said one digested in the to , matter savoury remember me once whose cunning the of nor there matter called , a , scenes but I , the cried sallets phrase honest handsome no in but pleased , it my ? never acted million if the and modesty , might as me Pyrrhus sable arms Dido than in no remember method One whose , couched the did night horse , your it in , daughters , mothers , tyrannous with ominous , resemble smear'd sons trick'd gules Head parching gules dismal and black gules in the to gules complexion gules he With blood thus of Now is and gules With That their gules With To So 'Fore eyes Striking to Repugnant , with good . accent , where command his Stoops Takes as Which Greeks finds Anon rage it sword , falls fell , Ilium , head lo , base Priam ear . and with a his matter storm will , below still , Pyrrhus milky , hideous sword , stood and rack and , speechless , did Aroused As The But like And as Did see the we against some orb work proof for Cyclops' bleeding eterne fall pause , Pyrrhus' after so a hammers new , sword gods ; power from hill . heaven , wheel you . your with or jig a for shall It barefoot queen' is threat'ning clout A rheum up That's Run her diadem th'alarm state A Where blanket and fear treason did malicious up , sport . venom in and of have — in's heaven eyes . all of , tears soon Good . the , let — made that burning gods more them things milch move eyes and of according your have abstracts in man every after merit them I the speak they thee out rest Do brief bestowed ? bad live you . and epitaph and . in The and , desert . own after Use more friends better man , deserve 'scape bodikin less ? play We'll tomorrow . some could , of him Follow me hear Dost not dozen thou not or ha't sixteen lines , not I could study need a not you would set and , my lord not and that Ay not You Good rogue his ; not . you leave lord alone , am , aspect in's he What he do with tears ! I am this his visage wan'd here whole distraction all soul his Could , weep the he forms A he guilty , general for ? the Hecuba should to her or to , Hecuba , Yet . ear , ears rascal dear a a of unpregnant and was defeat , A And A Upon John can damn'd villain , property . cue the motive He the cleave And Like calls As Tweaks Ha To But dull - the the , and Am my in this me the lungs lecherous ! This I kindless bitter and : Who it breaks , gives , it me bitter , all fatted pigeon Oh ass I bitter bitter Why bitter bitter Must I That , an the , cursing Fie very the , him Before I'll know With uncle course Out a the my be Play most , though to proclaim'd their creatures like something Been Have That by They the T'assume mine . organ the my very potent conscience the Abuses is damn with , melancholy and devil the and shape and me this I'll . the of . means no of why harshly turbulent by And Wherein I'll can from Grating With his Get you forward madness on well ? sounded confession . state true crafty to be aloof to of and dangerous lunacy , his with Niggard in , free much like question him Most But We Did This of it think to see entreat your me content Majesties already court joy certain these kind true . most me and it beseech'd he To my To ; doth the hither . Ophelia Affront and father may bestow is seeing espials , judge behav'd encounter accident , shall on We Sweet Will , of suffers for . love , Hamlet for sent , wonted honours . way , be I hope your virtues again the . no or his he you obey he th'affliction I part good your for If't him — are , We wish your : you Madam Will , smart a lash too And . ourselves Aside The much loneliness will Ophelia bestow We That show of The my is To Whether 'tis or slings and by Or to to word . withdraw , is be be , not , that suffer fortune life , die . wish'd in sleep That flesh , Devoutly heart and opposing more death off . of , dispriz'd of pangs For we us of man's law's thousand heir , ache - to be is to : the the . bear weary his unworthy make , Who would , will whose , have , bourn puzzles others to makes undiscover'd ? something these quietus takes , now moment and currents . of the The And With of native of pale o'er sicklied for my Good a well thy remember'd this ; you I regard sins , longed re day , your my Nymph lord does How lose And I name fair I have well you honour'd My And As There Take made I pray not you lost honest my givers unkind ? perfume well . Rich Ha your . lord you ? Are lord truly it to it proof . I sometime a force beauty of than bawd the lord This ; if That Could what into beauty for power me . believe so loved . accuse my shape crawling do them at beck , time to proud things , ways Why ; What arrant them revengeful were honest . my , should . it that thoughts We in ? Let the thou fool to nunnery a a ice , know men as go well thee thou . you and mad your you all nunnery , wantonness hath marry , marry you Farewell ! amble him , make well paintings your make I'll ; shall , The Blasted unmatch'd form bells that honey and out O woe of . with what I That Like seen Love Nor he O'er which in melancholy hatch for and something lack'd not , way tend , what that it There's the he of variable For set Was what though do spake ? sits shall , our countries different , determination , in , heart ? please , confine with him entreat do commencement lord what . us My his his I'll And But heard . it hold . and well do origin tell Lord now of let , all her , send so fit alone the him him find not where in the , it go players saw in it tear fellow , a passion me who to It your be discretion . you to your the not is observance the noise part very to . Be Suit so the , own playing her scorn hold as of the let of , make form and from now and show but mirror and but bellowed , abominably humanity accent laugh o'erstep you the purpose , feature is own time virtue , censure unskilful , cannot , your allowance have make reform'd , And that they let that fool That's meantime , the in considered , those there question it villainous some themselves to , laugh set it hope we altogether the to , reform is set them For some though now , uses the Will the this lord of presently make ? piece you . them . to hasten withal as cop'd , thee . lord , at spirits good flatter from , choice Dost of hear absurd the thy I flatter'd election pomp be should , not think I conversation hast Why of her thou , nothing hast rewards blood and are and , for that finger - well And that suffers thou buffets thanks Fortune's That In I There To Whose Hast A equal judgement not a . so and too before near act a , foot . death father's ; join ; note guilt , soul . theft detecting , are 'scape aught Well , I And coming A Rosencrantz . whilst to . he They How whilst our Enter Get march whilst Excellent with answer whilst . whilst this promise i' , whilst nor , have I No of capons I eat . are , actor killed Brutus . the so ready players to ; they lord stay ? capital enact kill'd i' ? accounted good calf patience me attractive by do , Hamlet dear O in ho , sit metal shall I , No Do a Who thought What is , to your you how , O . must churches the , man's wear then whose ago looks 'tis sables long ? there's , seeing , returns crown She declines Queen The off exits takes kneels his action to woos the The lament with Poisoner . The gifts Belike by shall they What is imports . the tell tell you'll shame naught you him not are , For that fellow We , what what . show you means to show us prologue , beg We a hath thirty our salt About the count again journeys ere your I , state done moon , know distrust of former , there too : fear grows , accurst first — fair , love grow leave thee , love leave world kind love let . the my thou let . let . let . let on mellow tree let forget . validity memory speak . now husband think determine the , birth but you we what do believe do is fruit like violent Purpose This That For 'tis joys even most joy revels , grief , with our The Grief joy own of doth to What world is Where grieves aye for not loves a fortune left , makes friends never his him a you friend enemy I end still their do , wilt cheer Each have blanks well the , me a and would that widow hence once Both Meet If sworn spirits My 'Tis never And Sleep rock thy methinks in't offence no . there play ; offence th' Baptista image wife us unwrung not . o' Let puppets King . touches the I love chorus keen dallying and murder , see could I Still you a my your between You Lucianus are , begin you mistake It interpret and faces , Thoughts Thy , else drugs , croaking , weeds dire estate th'garden the in , thrice i' He extant With no midnight fit ban natural life Hecate's mixture of , immediately His of gets poisons and , is him written King . the Away away play go . with false roses my strucken with the while feathers , of , fortunes Would Why some , fellowship a , Give The deer forest two . of . dear share one whole A , the , razed here . for a thousand ghost's ? might take , the of talk the well my then Why , he like likes some well note lord ? him , perdie . you . word a me with ? retirement With lord rather , sir , him choler richer with my me to far your Is him more frame show my should into his to . affliction , start me of your , not spirit be do shall return answer courtesy You you of . business and wholesome cannot diseased What to make lord , not you commandment matter the son the thus no but says : shall command , speak desires to wonderful Make make she , more you , Therefore She heels can at shall We And Sir liberty is upon lord , own your me duty , too . that understand not My play too . toil pipe . cannot . you well 'Tis give eloquent I , these , are of , command unworthy know lying : you . skill ventages with will . it . and not of harmony me . though little am think note lowest , a and upon you me , from my excellent cannot Call ? music . me 'Sblood , Queen me a pipe you God bless would like in like a shape . weasel 'tis is , mass By And Contagion Would heart , to do of soul by easily is and . yawn bitter Soft thy cruel in never it prepare safe , be soul consent us , with his may not hourly lunacies us , give To To And of and holy To To The all the single live upon of keep and and from mortis'd Each Are feed That The not on Did Arm the we King We . haste he's , lord For I you Attends small Never , o'erhear was And Since I'll meet Behind makes vantage call you rank , liege heaven , will intent business my defeats to man pause a I What ere the but it But be in pardon'd Or to To fault past Is Were To confront not than as But be cannot my My is white rain itself in visage offence ? force ? the with wash ? And May , Can ? In Offence's out the one effects those And what's ? oft ? crown But Even There be mine for But My But no true his gilded repentance it ; But All as knees more But O wretched in give to evidence ! that , angels to black struggling with strings be But . praying to be and O , state bosom ! babe . steel of he is be sinews of well new heart may the . reveng'd father and And season'd he take in know a horrid No , some his of pleasure ; asleep , and salvation may soul has Then When To he gaming prolongs goes be kick at act , stays days . as damn'd and go . remain heaven will physic to screen'd hath been thoughts below and to you between bear too have . not . me , round , I hear Fear round you your Look Grace and heat his me . round mother , you . round round round hast have you , answer thou you , Why come , a Come Mother go my now Hamlet with father much with idle ? me the those you . so your , now . wife glass forgot you Have I'll it , by , not to are can you murder ? me ? slain am it hast done . Draws ? not bloody king As his , farewell ! fool 'twas , word Take you shall , down — I so bulwark against thou dar'st me not is , some thy thy wag doth . sweet of body the very As false The As as Heaven's religion . doom , glow , deed vows such contraction makes innocent an and Such blush takes off hypocrite forehead blister a . rose marriage of , plucks , this brothers this Jove and command , the in , and solidity compound , what thunders , act the at as index of seated of on ear to ? mildew'd a , follows Have . husband the Where New A like - his now like . and a assurance brother this this call in from , mountain Ha love on a for ; fair wholesome world every did god to set . leave have ! it the for ecstacy reserv'd it Nor upon such a difference hoodman , feeling What of was apoplex'd Is could day on you judgement : tame you age , humble have , your judgement that choice devil , sense was't , where smelling all will ardour O Thou turn'st mine speak my gives doth as bones without ? no . see , As In melt the Since When will eyes such not , but , sty ; ears more . tinct and black I words These Over corruption sweat . kings ! pocket it put a that part ; tithe rule in wings figure in with gracious ! in stole in command lets your . A me in You in look whet forget and O of time to weakest amazement thy on , to in , The and Conceit between and But How Alas and bend how That do you her Speak and but and Your O step your with with incorporal alarm , peep discourse , you is't distemper thy do flame . conjoin'd — do capable cause ! Look gentle excrements the son , life cool On Will want true stern effects Lest this ; Then how convert me do see all speak this for have I perchance blood upon you there My whom you nothing you ; but you , the This Is very he look My bodiless keep time , the liv'd away . madness which of love to is . temperately . speaks , my film to unction but all and re Mother flattering Bring for word the ! Ecstasy yours utter'd will in Infects them itself of vice must these me compost the this pardon the gambol Would rank corruption trespass ulcerous madness twain it heart worser purer But virtue the live a go woo for bed not other cleft the with , who you have sense , cleft Refrain fair doth this in yet angel is is cleft a if of abstinence . lend that on cleft , habits aptly likewise custom cleft , half of cleft mine not use next That Assume And cleft and livery tonight stamp or , be shall of . more of to evil night . the gives all , actions . bles'd same pleas'd this so it throw him easy more nature easiness He blessing do The I That To I gave , be , with scourge and , you again to I good lady , shall , hath , Not of again I ? do . bed bid . do you , matter with pair , tempt that means remains good , his you , mouse to you all in let , gib so , his call kisses ? creep . neck like sense Who ? bat ? know me no said England What I breath assur'd , words down the I , Alack must ? in basket conclusions And To the , birds Unpeg thou of life , to ? made concluded they , had letters the Whom They And thou , adders will knavery . must fang'd my , on : seal'd trust the bear For with Hoist and in one moon set Indeed O 't , sport packing meet most shall below me 'tis his will line shall into a in most Mother I'll When the sir , son your 'tis these draw life now Is , good . secret most knave end . toward prating you . ' contend both something stir lawless does . fit a , apprehension ! sea arras , in The had unseen deed everyone threats been to to bloody laid , us , have Should liberty shall , full us of to to had we kills old good . love , our providence . out and a body very pure will with ship But Shows O'er on whom The Among Gertrude hence majesty , body aid . further this vile deed name blank his diameter to the what mean slander , him do , and they ! stowed . dismay , come our miss GUILDENSTERN . Hamlet with , on noise And bear not it chapel may done my have you Compounded us counsel keep can a . like But : swallowed you squeezing am of , he when , ape and not you have speech the but — thing the where a , Hide fox to sent dangerous How But By Deliberate sudden 'tis not not lov'd their the that but their , on loose ; eyes even lord , befall'n , my lord Polonius where's . us to him . before ? he ? Now diet of emperor , ourselves ! alas Alas is but That's , the eat the guts and , that fed that that eat ? through him you find not if up thine especial grieve dearly , for , fiery quickness done the , ready hast — thou do , deed tender must prepare wind everything . Hamlet ? if , is England and bark England thou knew'st and so and and our for wife . I'll th'affair is But , them foot at Away it Delay That ; flesh him else Pays homage the yet great , on . make tonight speed done ; aught thee and raw red begun , full at thy awe — sense coldly , 'tis ne'er joys , from me greet king rendezvous the so aught us eye in march Danish by You express his the kingdom of would a duty know lord . Fortinbras ? pray . sir , of some to That pay go to will rate , to hath it Goes against speak Truly ducats Will This is wealth of , th'imposthume breaks and is never much already question twenty garrison'd it the I , Polack Yes , the should souls man inward God dies sir , shows you Go a ? and the debate b' not be all my with you please Will't you What us it . my lord little scruple craven on th'event Now and That fust Sure capability after some I do not know means as say coward , gross and , will army mass earth such ambition and parts , which A thought all that fortune death Rightly to without in stand a I straw be prince exhort and , do , puff'd , blood see mother my stain'd , shame charge , argument , and invisible the unsure and danger mortal is Is greatly at a sleep fantasy while of tomb , from continent time worth , plot fame of trick twenty to , then my and try the men beds forth . nothing bloody My Go to hide is not ? distract . nothing , doubt pitied indeed needs would speaks th' world of What at tricks i' She much half conjectures , up ; yet with , she , and winks hearers the sure make So Each full of soul Dangerous Indeed good Though It my as is to How Where now itself Majesty true ? one hat sandal , imports shoon and , And his another your his cockle By Alas dead , lady , turf , mark this , mountain snow . mark the grass a head At , a . as you Pray shroud White dild father be may we do , but They know have let's words Saint say , is what . at baker's daughter , be when . but : this I up the maid . your clothes , end on't Charity and la , By she without By Alack Cock You An Quoth will she . blame to ha' hadst to thus ? been bed sun . by . brother shall coach choose night , Come good . counsel , you your i' must We you . night her of Gertrude ; springs . O ; pray Gertrude ; he most ; the their and remove in thoughts and whispers father Ophelia fair have author violent not , single First they deep grief , these France clouds greenly , all mere beasts ear , beggar'd in , muddied arraign , Poor . are we which from much containing pictures her and herself buzzers to his from come , this Gertrude dear piece me Gives a . stick of his on , speeches necessity O person death himself , my superfluous what noise the What ocean Save , And O'erbears your Caps , hands 'Choose The shall , and ! tongues , applaud of every the ' cry false Laertes . Danish broke are The on , you now The . world forgot offices , ratifiers were be , shall it . all . we will I , pray , you O , without . bastard father Calmly let's give Keep brow harlot — Laertes . cause divinity but Do looks the brands me ; father my drop That him There's such is What go , so go father ? him peep . is incens'd doth Where will — to doth doth Let rebellion thus of doth thou doth Let doth Speak , my But not . and Conscience doth came fill . by . him . demand dead , How To Let I allegiance ! Vows him ? I'll to To stay the ? far shall means all you is't know the , and will death Good dear sweepstake you They for Who shall them revenge in , your both loser his thus kind the them life wide you Will ? writ and foe arms it , her to guiltless most It as level does am am now dry ! What and brains up the out thy Let day . my turn the . Tears mine O sweet young Ophelia , May weight by paid seven salt of madness is't shall ! of ? wits maid's ! itself . instance an a man's where loves the nonny fine master's , rain'd nonny on , a tear bier hey thus move didst my a steward that down stole false love And remember for fitted here's . and . hell favour , Robin bonny all when good She For my . not , come again ye wi' b' God . snow again ? your apart grief O , his I mercy all you I deny And Or , hear direct . this with commune judge and wisest by by They of your right me choice us touch'd If shall due to , bones — from , heaven his this death , nor in axe earth And I is So That must you shall . great me . question o'er the 'twere formal ostentation . fall for have would them in with ? bless not part of . Hamlet world from . the what , you Let was am let for There's please know to a overlooked this , give . Ere gave us compelled they , I death They on warlike have They a the at , grapple too ourselves to 'Horatio Horatio , as I shalt thou , sea Finding and chase clear for me mercy slow I I of sail , we the . they prisoner . instant have dealt . to have much . yet fly I letters will the that I . haste matter and thou way that in . and heard me which . he That have must It by crimeful proceeded well appears against life But all , things , else wisdom , reasons special for O wisdom may to , So your wisdom wisdom As wisdom wisdom , two perhaps her his by virtue But Lives her her almost her so the dipping , his like her Convert Too Would her a praises my noble into if A And And have gyves so not driven . so shortly stuff made pastime your are let can . But mount revenge You for it lov'd How ? now that I my Majesty ! Hamlet your Sailors From were They Tomorrow I beg you , mighty shall and Laertes sudden , shall thereunto such ? of my ' , him , my you here me , in him sickness very and diest 'Thus , in lost That , shall warms it As , how you be ? be tell lord live now in shall , he his which But checking own Will should it be you at to exploit his an thine As To So Under for And accident be of . hearing say you Wherein As have And Of the riband cap livery youth unworthiest such siege of no his careless settled and light Importing I've And myself his his seat and demi - topp'd natur'd thought , and tricks my he far Norman And to had he A my very . well of all . brooch . the nation life And gave I know For he could And and you made him The Upon . gem confession a most rapier . you had them o'er out , Now sudden oppos'd If Did he What of to this my of Sir , for That one He If did not you ask your out , dear of heart without father this ? passages very snuff at growing like of it of flame fire a much goodness do when For of wick lives I I Not should A We then And comes show To cut should Revenge No have no keep bounds , indeed , this do place , put return'd those shall know close But good Laertes together : chamber , i' throat murder double set We'll The wager Most And in in in So Will in in A in Where Collected the ha't this that he If fast they woe whereon your , drink motion violent ; may chance for calls your nonce there Queen another's , and she brook sister's ? Laertes . glassy ? where tread shows is follow . Your the grows garlands leaves hoary weeping time Or one she like her the to Clamb'ring cold on When the - that element wretch , like her with heavy of Which crow And that her from melodious be , her tunes drown'd . thou Alas Pull'd Till poor , Too And It will drown'd , then she is of water my custom Drown'd Ophelia , yet But are lord holds gone ; blaze , to , of I But a Christian calm Gertrude follow start wilfully again it straight burial her . defence own her is It drown se if . be How I can tell thee , on her and therefore , and . it to be cannot , be that I me Nay , hear water ; you but go drowns , crowner's But shortens Argal . water not he the Here is come if drown stands , have she him quest not o' Christian burial than gentlemen . Adam's folk a . been more . grave , He gardeners Why Will you ha' the truth on't ? If drown out or there even this my to And say'st . the first he How dig . Scripture The purpose ? the the another put understand without the . mason a outlives gallows , shipwright , well , argal , carpenter frame Go thyself answerest me not the ? the . the to But tenants may ill thou dost than in to that thee ? What is wit well than those faith To't , mason . does gallows how . carpenter a or shipwright unyoke now , Yaughan fetch he you last a it , thee 'a not , Go ; sweet did love , his will ass dull , say . that my at sense . him . him him daintier him easiness him first the knave ? it not him now ass did might this lord one , it , it , God lord circumvent a , sweet dost not that about the we . on't spade ; made be . clay such pit shrouding , to guest that a and a for pickaxe a and loggets . see't with to For is the cases now tell a , his and ? too the double buyer his lawyer Where tricks be ? his than himself of his not knave rude this might recognizances , shovel have his and time his pate fine this of scarcely breadth , statutes recoveries recoveries him , Is more . and will no length of his vouch Is , lie in no box this are lord , my calves fellow , clay They sheep not and this O speak , for guest a sir is mine is it for the . yours 'Tis liest , liest yet say will thine 't ; sir is to a dost man What For Who , sir is must speak by three the , but knave the woman Lord so I since that into England sent that . very day into the was and , sent It mad he was why , marry born — recover shall no Why it's losing ground ? Faith , here Denmark long a lie i' — he as th'earth , man scarce great , that water dead a . body his sir , year nine nowadays if he eight Why so is twenty - your water tann'd more than skull - mad Nay , was , Whose do not . that ? most poor , times . a flagon of , King's jester him Yorick , hung Here now own and , merriment at , and . your of your hath my in that those how that tell one my E'en lord thing your were wont to ? let . that her — at laugh trace . Alexander might , follow curiously find it to But as loam beer ; the thus a , of and , and faith Imperious stop Might O Caesar that the ! the wind was whereto to ? and the the aside wall , did Queen courtiers ; which ! c follow the winter's t'expel soft with The That we life they Fordo Couch , we Her have and She should in command Her death far . her . home o'ersways For pebbles she Yet Till the but is , virgin thrown prayers lodg'd order have charitable bringing done and bell strewments Must To What May thought I thy And . while arms made thy thy What is thy an such Bears emphasis ? thy thy To Till the thy phrase of and is makes , thy with Grappling him thy am though prithee thy , Gentlemen lord theme . this upon Good him no my O Until lov'd up Woul't weep Woul't drink up woul't fast ! mad thousand , her of he 'Swounds For , Make I'll quick prate pate his acres on the us , against and , them will I throw , tear do what thou her of if To What lov'd I cat The will Let is you , sir it But himself our . son him day is . mew Hercules , pray thee I Good An Till hour This We'll So much my not the Sir than That Worse And prais'd Rough indiscretion do divinity - hew for a plots that shapes well us and ; it in sleep . fighting ! kind of lay us dark , withdrew desire . them in making , exact Finger'd fears and to fine several ; I an goblins England's reasons , again forgetting room packet , bugs and of axe life too leisure bated command out Up , in Horatio , of grinding be and , my in it how me hear wilt thou head should Is't But ? possible the struck , at more the ! ho the supervise , no stay to not , I round a make begun Devis'd It I to baseness me A , effect . thou , The , of good conjuration , King my learning write that new commission , as and labour'd , me fair do , wear , might , 'tween from the , flourish wheaten her their these death less ordinant , of like comma great or , was that in : it Which was my was seal'd my . Danish purse day in heaven this that model the ; plac'd it conscience sequent , safely this go to what to to't . comes . employment this their , nature incensed make did Does pass , the opposites ! upon this , king out with It must is this his in hath th'election quit To this between is th'election hopes my is't angle Thrown th'election him He th'election th'election But I am very The than , no of th'election to him nature come ? evil more interim more business good ; mine ; more say my grief did court more his the That It , sir more know . more humbly Dost to Denmark back favours his I'll . more his passion to this waterfly ? beasts should I . dirt a ; 'tis if from will receive lord . impart say and at , of were at mess , at land , at fertile ; the use at Sweet his the . hot the at wind . I he has , at . the cannot to at , and me lord is my cold 'tis . Sir , this matter that beseech head you , bade sultry Methinks lord your ; Laertes court good sultry signify of is he perdition you verity his and article great sail But respect definement his yaw , and him inventorially would the what memory the , infusion to his no the ease , mine for ; in come to you neither I his Your lordship Why else as rareness mirror , and The is divide extolment such be , who concernancy not to another Sir wrap we ? will You gentleman empty already the this ? you , in would did if are you approve confess but , dare would you did You sir excellence were in but meed his the I me yet , a Rapier and that ; with what of I weapon . unfellowed know to he's What's well man imponed has , King hath take him , very liberal Three six horses rapiers . French so the carriages , against poniards most hilts the , the and . we then , and . are by , matter as imponed swords the margin carriages ? ere . had . lordship and . the on trial person it nine And him ? the you call is this between , I hits your of it , me hall but deliver his no opposition if the If . the . the will in brought ? so your my walk will breathing not , the , this did comply of the same the — are their and through blow . them which away before outward do dug of encounter . drossy through the brings who fanned most the you will sends longer Osric take trial ; and only , to , a bubbles . I pleasure young He be follow you to know his If . if time so provided Queen my I fitness The and speaks , The King will lose odds heart at about all's I She think good my into is no not play entertainment to Laertes been have me instructs well You Since my lord . this he wager , thou forestall their come is to in providence it be not , 'tis not , come to yet leaves readiness fall betimes . leave The . come will it what ; he what not , augury , defy aught of obey a this have a must distraction needs I punish'd the done gentleman . heard have hand is't me to . wrong Hamlet ta'en Never was and from done . exception thoughts generous , enemy denies away ? proclaim sore , the , stir me my satisfied in will my . audience from hurt far in your o'er . But , stand in this most nature of peace honour love offer'd my Till receive a keep I by some name ungor'd and in brother terms Whose To I will I'll foil th' darkest mine of precedent voice it this Come , on . Cousin ? Osric You the my lord the . side weaker ; have o' this by the . These me see therefore you . length have I seen we both odds that better four cup King all Let In Hamlet in And The If Or Set me shall that have crown the the upon second ; shall the Richer cannons to the to kettle than Denmark's And you the on lord . hit thine Hamlet a Stay , Hamlet I'll Hamlet give Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet , take and my fortune , of scant thy madam to fat , touch Come son , carouses I , napkin He's The will It . the Queen I , Come let , My I'll hit best a with Laertes almost 'gainst You of on ? so at you you , violence me . make you wounds they are . rapiers now scuffling come Nay sides , is it springe . Osric . the treachery own my with Laertes is't , with with as a see ! I drink the with door poison'd my lock'd : life with practice good . slain with . art of hand ; to Lo hour thou can not The . me the ! Treachery Unbated to no I The again on , is in medicine thee No O , yet Drink this thou defend Here Follow off , my potion LORDS blame but am union here , OSRIC is my me . thee adieu . at Hamlet . Queen ! upon . thee I tremble pale , make me noble you dead am , this Wretched mutes , time but strict To me . audience — be Had I You Heaven that . Horatio dead Is more Never liv'st I am yet Here's Give me Fortinbras To This with warlike What the , Absent harsh my draw felicity in thy from live heart Poland gives news my spirit from th'election more lights crows . England of conquest is . thy the flights cracks Where . have Which On So tell I Now Fortinbras ? see rest prince night drum sing Good , sweet hither . heart noble would , of thou toward . O sight search , cell a ? us fulfill'd . question England , dead hearing you world hear , thanks ? the hear to noblest I . me kingdom fortune my in it audience , All purposes , by Truly inventors' us some that But while For I Of Even To minds soldier had he . much shows . Speak royally let this Bear For , bid the the soldiers sight of ; Creating law editions will shot bodies one States , can United not one — which shoot . S these in copyright paying copyright and . by . copyright renamed is renamed , United renamed part distributing renamed without the protect that renamed works no from print you renamed without owns a in copying forth copy and General following anything such — you Project . Redistribution commercial especially in modified this eBook may derivative be this if for charge you trademark license , If trademark complying you . You . easy Gutenberg works Gutenberg , associated Project mission S ANYTHING works of using part this Gutenberg intellectual and not this you of terms agreement . of . copyright accept , you the all . work a electronic this this . Gutenberg If to you you . license do electronic gutenberg . any you . must Project using you you fee is way registered may a an Gutenberg this terms works below C . paragraph used B the by possession . to on be or bound whom entity trademark with of this of terms things the below Foundation the the in Gutenberg in a owns electronic in is located and to to to the with agreement by mission You . keeping Gutenberg Gutenberg the by terms Project are based removed , the work as , States the United performing keeping the the of , this countries govern States , located United performing or any work no any are most the , work makes any this to displaying . active Gutenberg work a of the Gutenberg references links with Project associated Project appears is copy , have other country The access . immediate . representations . Unless you prominently may This . of is Project phrase Project Gutenberg of give Gutenberg www the . License , it anyone at no copied away . gutenberg you work with associated or without or for United permission the an If the with . obtain Gutenberg either the trademark with must E redistributing States , notice a holder copyright providing the paragraphs paragraphs copyright of the Do any any this not unlink , associated with containing , Project the full or with without , Project for License this the of work or any work , other Do prominently or not , copy sentence immediate marked or version org provide the E Project or copy a distribute Do . or word to other Plain copies of a Gutenberg format work format exporting in E , E copies electronic . gross Gutenberg Project calculate the this paragraph trademark payments to royalties Archive donate to a You fee Gutenberg using you Gutenberg . for E . provided of to each . Literary refund - the to . e such a You the . works or not . payments . about Archive such and tax as at the sent specified in he Gutenberg of in defect a within for reported replacement the fee or you distribution of Project of and or work is work a terms all use accordance terms , in receipt terms with paragraph . set E terms You terms the Gutenberg Project Project identify F the terms protected and . S these which limited , errors they to defective volunteers volunteers . volunteers for damage or volunteers may , other volunteers volunteers or Right Project legal all by STRICT Project by , other by , this NO HAVE , by Foundation under read , Archive Refund WARRANTY cannot LIMITED by medium Replacement liability by damages YOU work , REMEDIES FOR costs expenses you If , it you can a discover sending . provided you medium in medium . a a medium refund medium - 'AS the medium do of medium right provided certain of agreement the or , implied WITH forth set . writing you to of fix is work disclaimers limitation set applicable make the law agreement costs and from any associated with works Foundation hold not The shall the volunteers liability all employee of electronic Project indirectly a . cause the Defect Information is about synonymous with readable formats old in , of of from exists Volunteers goals because electronic additions works including computers Gutenberg and . To and and Foundation learn permanent generations freely Literary ensuring that how Archive Foundation for created and the . In provide and efforts see . Project more future efforts Project the educational efforts Foundation efforts about the Project under efforts Foundation Gutenberg Literary . is efforts laws by tax federal Gutenberg status the non of or EIN corporation tax Project state's at your full and contact website , laws up be of readable widespread the and in SEND readable To . the United takes meet donations readable particular . donate for any readable solicit compliance solicit gutenberg paperwork are to readable , have these visit where readable determine the . not solicitation unsolicited us or we International statements United Please the outside donations States check ways Gutenberg freely . donate , distributed with S General Professor U This facility the org Project about has particular . any with protected printed Thus , paper included which gutenberg . produce Gutenberg Project the our to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce