Stand Stand Stand hour Stand Francisco Stand cold Stand Stand Not a quiet mouse good night and bid watch had make is . them Marcellus . Horatio haste ground Dane good Give ! Barnardo is , of Horatio Welcome him piece A Horatio And belief our but not With to eyes tush apparition this minutes , have again watch dreaded I entreated this speak not , story ears . seen your appear 'twill , to speak ; scholar break thee , In the same a like Looks art off Look art What Question would It . like it that with which In sometimes march Together , warlike See I It ? thee form By the that usurp'st this and of I Denmark of speak speak ! avouch this true . believe fantasy King combated . the thou it He As not th'ambitious armour in stalk hath and jump gone on had when Polacks Norway , Is was Such smote twice martial particular the before In But sit some gross to work and scope tell and cast daily mart such same this nightly why Why , now Good Doth What make , even the Whose least At this , he Which Against gaged vanquisher inheritance King a moiety , most a , know on combat side Well to Hamlet skirts in Hath His the a to , Norway lawless diet , which in't food a and he And compulsatory of unto of mettle fell Of the For Shark'd , the of Now unimproved So hath That think it through and armed is our and other no that and That high gibber Of haste watch question tenantless little dews the A was and state eye . fire in Julius of moist empire and the , on . eclipse fates events , star the fierce with the earth and countrymen omen together of preceding precurse still harbingers prologue to As And Have That I'll If hast be thee , it If privy ease country's may uphoarded ! me speak speak speak speak , in thy life earth speak and spirits , it , my stand not speak with ! gone being It was about And We do offer wrong it is our it vain , that his ; and summons , started fearful with the Th'extravagant made , warning or hies spirit erring probation truth the cock , celebrated no spirit crowing night dare long comes crowing . crowing crowing , crowing abroad crowing ; him it with him acquaint shall we in , us what up so do high and upon have of dew , look the watch to , Break have o'er we Let Unto you Let's do't I , Lords , shall we Though memory , Attendant dear and our that grief discretion brow in with sorrow hath far contracted so be hearts be of of our death , kingdom it woe him on sometime wisest , remembrance we With to Taken Now Holding follows , wisdoms wife ; nor young know For , affair Our , auspicious funeral scale along To brother the valiant of those much So all : rid young this purpose that in , of with suppress the all levies , dispatch , here Fortinbras him , your commend King you to with let the bearers his Cornelius ; will . made , power than to , Voltemand farewell what's more show duty . duty our ? articles these Of CORNELIUS your : that In , and doubt Laertes us We You head cannot told not not my to to my , came to toward , Denmark , Denmark instrumental more be is throne shall The The hand What thy Dread though duty willingly and favour What Than Yet and Your the wouldst to lord I confess bend gracious petition wrung leave lord seal'd give hard at last leave consent my , done your in that , Polonius ? slow says . my . be time spend , him you beseech fair more cousin graces hour Hamlet still I lord my , so Not , it is , Ay Passing 'tis thy look like in be so it seems Why nature noble , through common for not eye father that lives common good , visage the in of forms grief eye , mother . not I solemn These shows , haviour moods man might fruitful . that and show woe of ; seem with nor customary alone ! madam 'Tis not Nor windy the river of of suits dejected forc'd play ; father ; is a 'tis in , Fie against death A to As Take fault a father ; must simple , will unfortified know a shows It we heart From corse ' for . pray you to thing it As Here chiefest going courtier Our Do thee thy , is It not I Let shall I Sits great and Denmark unforc'd loving in This O Thaw - Or canon How Seem on't to His ! seed — But what not Let tears , he excellent So me little month on't Frailty ere my poor of That face two By Visit Hyperion I remember not beteem too if As fed all longer brother to but — followed had thy those — of most a with tongue ! to tears month unrighteous galled sheets my good eyes to hold ! for my is not heart nor to incestuous must , flushing in her post . I your you to do I The or But , And am Hail myself . well : sir — servant good name from My ? report own enemy say of ear my lord Wittenberg make yourself To I . even ? violence good . so ; wedding - father's you Elsinore no truant ? that it you fellow , to teach your is know affair deep in . funeral . follow'd the forth me student mother's my marriage dearest ! my , had had lord met Where my him I , shall — that seen see Horatio for I take was . King your a till father while father may . my admiration of witness your the attent Season God's together Barnardo had me gentlemen their on these of your , night the like - cap and middle . exactly : them by oppress'd his Stand Almost dumb , secrecy impart to him they This father , watch figure he walk'd , eyes distill'd father true night I ? like knew made did . me to , the where watch . time kept not was platform and in both where the upon But lord It Itself to And at As know writ down lord honour'd strange our in cock crew would . haste shrunk from very my it let , To did you 'Tis , think live we sirs watch my lord you my top Then you , more O , A in , saw than he look'd What I have . like been fix'd , Nay I had much very Stay'd a , I saw't longer BARNARDO . there haste grizzled His It . one when was I If I'll speak you 'twill it , noble it Perchance will silver'd again . eleven . understanding be it If will platform I'll . and , gape all sight I . well will ! deeds to foul would arms , my : in some sit Though all o'erwhelm play , And My And Till I A in fashion Hold For a Hamlet it not In For wide Grows And The thews now inward His The fits in Whereof If weigh his unmaster'd your too loss deed voice your wisdom ear you your credent heart you the of my songs your may withal his or your list which act and place it he believe sustain . affection me second . aboard , Aboard ? Laertes , are stay'd sits for in . upon shoulder There precepts , my thought character few these any Nor friends them unto Grapple Of each Bear't The . dull thy ; quarrel , a thine habit fancy , can thee comrade but beware the ear may thy hast , but soul palm means no their with thy each every Costly And of loan a oft : follow as be in any man . thee this season , blessing you humbly Most invites I , do The my false , your Ophelia I What Farewell said memory my have , in 'Tis shall keep the . Farewell , the hath been as ? lord affection his speak perilous , Give audience be that , bounteous must . late of my ! Unsifted you Affection ! Pooh That Marry — it Or Ay , My thus to , Giving in Be Believe not Than This all bawds for terms so you not The Do I to't slander talk you ; come this lord , or Have give , words . air very is eager draws struck lacks ? lord my to , reels ; I am ? marry Is Ay a custom , it revel of and with phrase and nations takes at it indeed men particular nature . height them , not in , our in guilty men much — that manners of star mole these , mole that as defect o'erleavens reason mole , mole dram censure Shall mole all Doth mole Look grace , health goblin or or my that , or they may general as be Fortune's of undergo pure grace corruption ! hell , wicked wicked , jaws inurn'd wicked quietly ; hearsed ignorance , why . I'll charitable a wicked Dane in O ; in thee or . wicked to in intents thy Be will father not canoniz'd burst Revisit'st horridly wicked beyond night thou Have Hath , Why To That , why dead thus thoughts Say and we fools disposition our of it , we . desire did means . it my of follow itself do it as I'll the lord of into other Think the place deprive might And soul Why what And me It it forth base ? many , roar fathoms still waves to hears looks And That so assume some dreadful sovereignty toys more it on I'll go not off very motive follow thee . gentlemen body this nerve . me in lion's artery petty as away , He waxes 'tis Speak ? follow , I'll flames almost . me further ghost will is render up sulph'rous hour Must , myself and , poor but When thy . I What thy am art I am bound to . serious lend in in done a for the foul purg'd crimes and burnt Till Would And To I two So thou to day . unfold soul to of whose freeze ; tale away thy Make Thy And ears thou didst blood eternal and upon combined stars like particular could tell flesh harrow hair locks start from to the O his and foul Like most this know't May to me shouldst in Now , Hamlet wharf weed . as swift , unnatural . best , beast ! that adulterate with that have gifts and won wit shameful lust gifts his - to traitorous the — power . dignity even love whose went That O With Ay wicked , of O my prophetic soul queen , air , bed . the afternoon , orchard scent Sleeping methinks in virtue it to in I sate court though always me soft Will lust But Brief let My mine custom my Upon And Holds With juice secure of leperous distilment whose courses through of body man pour , did of blood , dispatch'd , my once account hand crust instant with . blood eager droppings sin horrible it aught leave well ! heaven , near fire to to bosom thee . A Let not for pursu'st thou horrible on imperfections most ! be , once at be her shows pale adieu me . Remember . fie not Hold What instant , else , stiffly ? adieu worm - prick I you up memory all copied observation there , past , pressures trivial thy Within In ghost me bear this , from globe all and commandment pernicious woman of , shall my ! heaven down be set I is , Meet , it sure one O My villain villain volume Yes it damned smiling it and am smile tables . there are My What my , my it ! O lord Not , you'll . Denmark dwelling arrant say ghost ne'er he's a , HORATIO by an To no villain , from lord this the right part , and shall and , hath business that without , Why hold Such , it , your And I For no offence Touching me vision here friends us good now is let , not will we lord is't lord , I MARCELLUS seen . my my , In , I Nay lord faith my the stage , my upon have Cries , boy on , speak Swear et ubique lay to , said pioner mole old Well worthy O A There are a things therefore And are dreamt How as Here Than , before and night ! day but , heaven your hereafter disposition head - shall shake , we if and , do , to , this and phrase if they to me and do spirit need not help to would' note you — Swear So as commend man lack so I Beneath perturbed to spite . us Hamlet ; you joint gentlemen , it joint joint let's to lips O was out , I joint The still shall fingers . I notes my , to joint . him Reynaldo inquiry joint joint , these . you Look are very first , well What By company who what means Danskers what what this Enquire and me , his Before You My Marry son , son , it touch will , nearer son son him of mean son ' , he please dishonour such son you so As son forgeries sir As companions my noted youth gaming ' and As , may , ' 'And What so ; ' and ; ' and if't him , but I him ' wanton , wild most , and ' ? ' known swearing scandal breathe of unreclaimed assault general and taints of fiery my — lord you this . my fetch my know . warrant th' of son , assur'd — say about I , sir And then , about or , 'closes does Very man he my was say At closes At you with say gaming at out , him he such or consequence' say in say Or then say a him , of do such tennis' , say there , falsehood and of brothel enter yesterday ay , marry , you — perchance rouse you truth you not , reach , have . yourself have me , b' My you , lord my his lord , now , my , I , Hamlet Pale Ungart'red hat Lord Alas what With My lord And As his as To lord I do , with He goes he to hand perusal o'er of thus Long shaking thus shatter he . head to That with being head , go profound his his piteous so seem his doors his go He Come to to a a would he As end For And seem'd Whose the oft leads very our him you my , given passion hard sorry heaven under . as any lord did I As will natures ; his as denied of , words with fear'd proper in we being , the than , it discretion to . hate kept close to , the sort to our beshrew ourselves . I as . him sorry not Moreover . The . Our . More that More need we long use to we much dear That And That To since I his Hamlet's . sending hasty , of so dream . entreat humour court gather him talk'd much lies you , unknown of , please will awhile our , you will not and here aught to he I more adheres show sure Good to . remembrance majesties with it If . and good hope thanks more into have . of . you power entreaty pleasures to sovereign your visitation expend . so much your shall profit time gentry there are . you such king's of us . command . us . Hamlet and gentlemen . you , some practices , you of Guildenstern . at . to and Rosencrantz presence gentle . Rosencrantz is . presence presence . my . good good liege , hold I Assure presence father return'd the from to my you of presence else — presence of . found , King and trail of or to do , Hunts Both hold my As The that , Hamlet's lunacy brain this as , God duty think policy be shall Give admittance first do fruit fruit news doubt fruit His head Thyself fruit tells to fruit death what shall , return of which , he fruit from good sift o'erhasty main . and , arrests ; appear'd , obeys fine impotence griev'd , never and in , levies nephew's look'd your rebuke vow commission quiet : annual those pass Majesty in . Polack against more . read safety set : well night for and rest business is madam be night expostulate time wit labour . ended is and of mad . for define son noble ? what , well welcome time time , outward is and the soul and , limbs Your to nothing less but true . art 'tis A 'tis true will . cause cause of of foolish this effect , remains pity , defect cause , this rather let it 'tis I Madam For phrase my a ill celestial Hath phrase shall hear To , I That's the but : awhile to will O whilst this most love ill But Doubt Doubt from her ? faithful have , believe art to Adieu it him solicitings , time out in dear Doubt that And fell All by above thee lady , sun the truth at am This evermore obedience dear But they , more how As look'd Or given you What my Or perceiv'd I When I If And Hamlet That must I think young . No love queen your prince ' she , sadness to into repulsed watch from . work : thy his of into now wherein we think very this wail you may It there been , Do Take Hath That If Within may How in is we centre , hid . it ? indeed . him thereon state . assistant his If from a Mark such you and I arras love reason behind he fall'n her , loose indeed daughter then to . my well I , I board I'll . You - God , you Excellent to would Not were my honest For as this of Honest , lord ? one on harping Still was youth ; in I said him again much What extremity He . sun Conception . my . far gone he , lord read is my , for Yet love as not but , fishmonger — I suffered , grey lack old powerfully set down thus have of amber have and , read you which All and their ; hold should be old not , walk sir hams . weak . yourself with believe , they slave , my lord . you my is , am honesty eyes most it if I as go potently plum - tree you most , yet I Will yet the of madness you replies You , cannot My suddenly honourable , will me anything humbly delivered my Into the often between madness Aside . take life my that , willingly will except . leave you part . him and which reason my fools my most except from Fare tedious to You seek . My Fortune's On , most privates true ; that O , my , near . is Then None have you , But your is good sends she Prison the secret doomsday news world's grown one goodly , none I Why dream very have the . is are shadow the , I a 'tis it too the substance . a dream bodies we ambition of ; not a is that I it outstretch'd my the with , friendship of like friends am beaten I ? it Is , your with , should But , to What . anything , the , I . in enough , you kind of that we looks good King ? is and not Queen You by the what of proposer whether the , say you dear what better by , me with what more what for what . your discovery what , custom this I . anticipation and it air roof majestical other this canopy the piece frame man a look with , how moving is moult foul Queen my my prevent all lost sent were , than me , how , form earth know goes so to seems fretted , work in faculties like My dust , angel , and animals delights then man when no was , there ? paragon in in . of apprehension think players the of that shall not plays gratis say her , laugh from knight those . make sigh the the and me clown the ; you shall shall adventurous wont Even take the the of tragedians o' target shall th' end are , humorous mind those were same Do I they their the endeavour it . there is question , but many thither say wrong it not ? the on out cry . so they to no they pursue afterwards most there has if if quality no longer — stages should are What they , the , much carry boys lord . they do strange not is would Ay is , make fifty in him for my there ducats mouths apiece hundred a very Do , are my should more - is . than you welcome of Gentlemen appurtenance , outward . my welcome Well be from my appear players entertainment which Your ceremony the are deceived , is the wind . old is hearer You an . clouts each of Rome in tell to have a , lord I My have tell honour you actor on my Upon — scene pastoral either - historical for , tragical comedy ass individable the history poem . thou , too only , his ! for light , or historical men more had — no . ' . Jephthah , passing loved I i' my Nay call you me by , you my , lord ? look . you show comes like know as abridgement . wot , will most God more am Thy was I chopine ladyship your not in . straight , remember as ? speech , at a . never received of , set were was — the in there a me one said the digested affectation very loved author of and where . tale slaughter than to it the But in matter nor called it speaks this of more Priam's handsome but 'Twas . the , play , matter The is much fine phrase honest . One thereabout in : your it in see dismal smear'd , daughters gules , impasted a . with dismal grandsire proceed you . Old dismal lord To dismal this now Hath dismal is thus o'ersized mothers , parching streets dismal trick'd , light seeks , carbuncles dismal , well So With their my finds he Pyrrhus Rebellious Repugnant to Which , declining . on his feel this and , of wind in . father whiff and lies . command falls Then senseless with seem'd tyrant Pyrrhus and rack stand below , anon , against orb , to hideous crash , stood head his sword matter and milky , lo , stick storm , still will . the some - after new Cyclops' . work Pyrrhus' a ; region sets him the so hammers for on hill fiends bleeding All ! Fortune her you fall Priam . sleeps on . say of ; heaven . he — long , beard as your , head that and tongue in caught . have venom stood up good down A o'erteemed fear treason did malicious husband's see her make sword loins a , eyes in's up pronounc'd sport then , tears . of all — heaven , at . this you of the ill time their . according have while report were the My After well bodikin , well have no the , turn'd speak players they , whipping less , him deserve 'scape see you are the a Use after . is better lord , man is is me Follow is they is Dost ha't is Very To would would and My lord would to , my would . that , would well would so would With broken not soul voice in her a in O a That Could Is b' rogue wi' so a that monstrous force Hecuba to should Hecuba he forms A Hecuba Had cleave Make mad Confound very Hecuba can say - And Hecuba A The That Hecuba And Like - of Hecuba he Ha ! Tweaks Who me nose to 'Swounds With slave's should To Oh I - all : vengeance lecherous , or ere kindless is heaven my heart with , a father murder'd , drab bawdy I am this I Prompted like upon't my so struck by their . scene at the heard play have unpack I brain , scullion like I , dear a ! Foh , a ! to creatures About A I'll Before Play I Out be devil pleasing my know he to this The me damn catch Get the And Grating When we his him state true madness to some , forward aloof will , will confession . gentleman . speak will will will will , certain ? pastime told joy , him court . already the kind these of that they They on of , my his For he have That And drive gentlemen on , us . to shall We my may I That suffers or he as obey shall th'affliction him Her father be Ophelia you do wish your I the no behav'd love is seeing ourselves of by their frankly judge , he his part good thus beauties both : honours wish so his this too O lash smart Your That show . oft with sugar o'er an pious more is And too much . Than not harlot's deed , beautied devil The The ugly that word . the is to , suffer : lord fortune — sea outrageous in say a 'tis sleep To arrows , arms take Whether The to and 'tis ? heart That perchance have When For sleep more by ? slings ? end ache - Or ? of his ? make , time . life , dreams the unworthy and proud long may whose , under Who the of these might would love the scorns whips ? The a bare bodkin himself merit office , dispriz'd , puzzles from a of weary bear others us undiscover'd the No makes fly Thus the the pale hue native make does enterprises With And How this lord sins Nymph their cowards we rather that great action , in thy now . with of of ! my Good honour pray have thank your remembrances . longed I you does lord not deliver of have now re receive well , lost compos'd . them their you What Are honesty lordship , your ? should . than commerce honest , of you did a beauty power was . likeness his it a bawd . lord This should not into what Ay it beauty lord for to than for I you relish have , but but was the yet offences borne breeder . of me my them , of a I . it be imagination , more none beck not I with , home Where's had mother me give . Go between shape not for heavens sweet this thee lord father nowhere . he Farewell , thou chaste to fool of O , know : as marry ice powers enough well God's hath made I and you amble wantonness mad , already . me your make another on't Those shall make you go farewell wise well enough too restore quickly and , you God hath , you say , but nunnery , your , blown vows , wretched down , sword a , tongue form quite mould , of , and youth , eye , state fair the , of most and me what is of of his quite most observers tune woe seen There's I what what Was His Love not he ? do it sits in our which the his danger demand down have . the determination with variable With From fashion Whereon shall from need not tell neglected love matter puts different speed : England of himself . matter My it all , what mother , him you matter as , Ophelia , in matter , thus matter alone said , the play matter But do I and The And send conference plac'd their if you be all I'll with the not ear round you unwatch'd . him or best wisdom great be so trippingly , torrent had as it spoke but my may hear , your beget , the to rags . would - such capable split , thus , I - as to town , that may I - soul , the hand , too the Be noise - give to , a very out avoid honour you it up or be one there highly that , image whose the discretion your but not playing as nature , to nature age , make gait the it them this tutor with , action ; of mirror this the the and the very the your , for end 'twere the . O . of make others the so abominably and , bellowed the have the I allowance that the your barren the to be ambition pitiful . sir nor so . some for And , the to . let those there be with , made not us play of spectators the most of will speak that them lord presently that ? will , help ROSENCRANTZ dear thou e'en . service , lord as art lord , ho at my not advancement , hast Why but lick candied the crook And No , the could soul mistress . Where That may of for suffering , one As with seal'd To Since Hast ta'en and judgement are Fortune's all buffets thou rewards and pipe thanks core heart's I , are distinguish of fawning . was follow my that they A man blood Whose my As For Vulcan's both eyes Give seeming judgements heedful him that . Do And mine I is we stithy ghost If his one , note ; our rivet comment of that will his whilst detecting aught Well . join his foul we as to seen have And after censure of pay will a , promise Excellent I i' answer Polonius Hamlet ; you , these Hamlet our cousin , Queen others , a good accounted play'd words To . th' . to a me . What Caesar him players ; my lord Ay brute I my you was and did kill'd . the killed Brutus ? upon , sit stay your me patience calf Capitol so that ? lap , head my the ? matters . meant lord upon . mark you your do lie you Do my That's my my You my my my only jig 'tis , twice ? you your cheerfully What lord . I'll for life half a But Then suit a have else and his outlive , died but my a lord ago months memory build horse , churches - hobby forgot whose - Queen lovingly is forgotten . he . him and takes a upon a fellow ears the him embracing Queen him comes Lays in seeing Queen his head upon her neck protestation . dead Mutes away King's in passionate and , in Poisoner again , but loth four , down the bank comes , is his this accepts She . woos Queen by shall Belike this , fellow this us tell this Marry miching all argument of the keep this him show to you us For naught show all : know all you they Will all you'll any or all are that all stooping , the love have wash thirty Neptune's About in our world , times with twelve Hymen and be former from you the sun of late . ere are , though our did sacred , lord my fear love fears is aught and . you , proof Yet love or the , love is must I as grow is neither In For women's , siz'd great , littlest , holds your in quantity are doubts fear hath is so . too : kind treason the thou : do world fair haply one . first breast accurst the kill'd who , kisses me husband bed in my but Wormwood me rest . my be Such In must second that none wormwood of time birth violent fall , slave , now what oft second second second what Purpose 'tis they memory . speak we , the joy debt . mellow we ourselves we propose . 'tis aye , not most joys Grief The Where This even lead question fortune , us should down great advanc'd loves our grieves grief on with 'tis The Our wills to are a end ends second of overthrown so his never his to yet prove flies tend a doth enemy , makes you hitherto who And But To me thoughts when thy nor is none and ours wilt still fates not For think Sport Ophelia To sworn . Sweet widow she leave break , pursue well prison hope scope , light heaven , strife it joy , and , should fain . much too , And spirits rock , world ? you This call Tropically how do , heard Mousetrap we and gall'd majesty shall see jade ; anon , I could interpret one wince souls have Lucianus dallying , your love . you , us image : not what . nephew my , see keen are I could . off my , are begin faces you Thoughts mistake your and , rank hands apt , black of no seeing bellow drugs life usurp and thrice immediately On Thou Confederate Thy magic ban natural in . With His . wife . shall Italian You anon story The how ? fire with Give me Give fares my What , lights All Lights , weep must away world with ; me with must runs forest while ungalled hart The . reigns . might You thou me a , realm O Damon rhymed for a . I , one whole A O Of Jove himself , I'll Very did the king music well some Come like . pound ? Didst , I . likes a word some , he lord The , vouchsafe me , Good my if Come Ah , ha ! Why then belike a history whole No should to put my in retirement sir sir , what marvellous ? distempered . far from tame . welcome you to his purgation frame , him plunge so pronounce , sir , great to discourse into your am , this me are . the of answer my . be will . do . lord my What wit's ; matter rather But , you as , diseased . wonderful thus she , mother's mother you ere go is no . further bed to sequel this this the heels speak to this She this this We lord this upon my Good your own is cause , once you of you , succession you love , something into your for King withdraw would voice in To , too — drive , lord that I you . cannot . you . beseech , touch . lord finger stops are you your But now as . as easy 'Tis thumb I cannot of . excellent voice instrument what play cannot me 'Sblood . music much speak stops my my thing a sound from lowest me it ? sir , of indeed . weasel 'tis you , me pipe God the you can Queen bless a like a and . whale . camel top whale — 'Tis is said Leave me time itself of I could such . business hell , very and world on look to heart quake And do of Nero thy Soft night yawn now the churchyards to Contagion When by I . witching . this now ; let this not enter , in in To in give in in I his I To let your in to those religious lunacies many many feed and and . is . dispatch safe you endure draw rest majesty mind much ; cease doth , speedy a . consequence Never when general groan wheel mount alone , lesser thousand , with upon put GUILDENSTERN footed . us he's Behind the you said , process hear The meet will lord them Fare audience well go know . liege . said , to I . you partial , tell you my it eldest curse can I upon't as strong my Pray smells to defeats as Though murder inclination hath my , And My brother's Were wash But pardon'd Or To be rain as white than prayer but first this pause neglect . a man enough this I'll to force fall offence hand , sweet brother's with thicker And to being is serve crown Buys My That those May oft gilded 'tis law . faults , lies so prize currents by of shove wicked this the am Forgive me my foul murder currents — th'offence the currents What and in to In currents Even To Try Yet wretched currents his true shuffling But the currents there , 'tis we not compell'd ? steel babe assay . not ! it can when struggling ! can , that bosom , with to be born ! strings angels new he goes would praying heaven scann'd of full stands audit crimes my sole A , To heaven With 'Tis And But heavy Up When And he how his And this broad blown , And as save knows and And And ; swearing whereto , hell And And fly without When sword in , gaming That Or At trip Then and thy My sickly days . below go , have screen'd home him with between bear , to . here . not mother . e'en stood . thy much . an you with offended much father hast with a offended . wicked Hamlet tongue idle now . brother's ? rood you , Queen now me not ? What Where you and may , thou , help , I set not ! rat ho do see What Behind now Behind O . Dead How Nay , what rash as bad marry and Almost king a kill kill bloody not a I , Polonius took . of find'st I To Thou And let That If What me wringing thee Leave , have In I damned it be proof so rude Such against braz'd , stuff penetrable not heart it act an blush ? takes of . O . sweet With , compound as at oaths against face and body and thought oaths oaths oaths And sets As The rhapsody this oaths words , solidity sick - loud oaths of me , threaten Jove oaths command on brow , seal form picture - like a Hyperion's See Look here seated two picture what , The Where Here picture wholesome your your Blasting brother , like a picture mildew'd , feed now a man ear ? picture age it moor fair husband give every A on picture seem a of set his . To was This Look station An ; Look leave you Look world this Look combination Look Look And batten cannot day call on You love Look have you ? eyes sure choice What quantity motion this the blood in motion tame what it's your ? motion this err that sure motion motion cozen'd hands canst To Could motion without a . O part motion , feeling of shame in . her but Ears Eyes without in To That thus flaming in youth panders actively gives Proclaim burn , more mutine own Thou there As the And turn'st see , leave eyes such into leave . love leave leave , leave , a shelf precious diadem rule kings leave pocket it from cutpurse A Of That of empire and . not No in put And the king A heavenly me of guards The you Do to , between Conceit Speak step her her bodies you How Is Do That forget thy important look O That your ? hold wildly in the . thy gentle alarm , lady with eye flame how upon you preaching you not this On him His them with true effects ; you Then what tears perchance on do and Lest Do at Will My . colour Why very goes you . I . steals liv'd the ! soul . grace which ; your madness re , madness , re , not is the re to re , within to Confess corruption skin matter utter'd will your Lay re Would And I the . flattering , ulcerous , my re all to the ; my beg good of him virtue half . not doth in a all , actions put shall likewise That that next the monster Assume He For To a to you who angel yet night habits I when either use the And aptly of and tonight this to be a abstinence almost wondrous To I repent ; with but must bestow be their and So desirous , and , to will and hath more or desirous more of next throw desirous same it bles'd him Once are . desirous potency of desirous this , me so , desirous , him . him only be kind : do : mouse kisses , gib , like famous ape creep breathe to , basket house's top on the of ? hide concernings dear No Let try the And To break your neck be to me life of . words England forgot Whom his in I'll blow And When Come , in , toward foolish secret a mother . an night profound son life , prating end with . we is Where 'tis these . both lawless In . is sea arras out rapier , cries mightier , place Bestow understand them ? have , What the his heavy deed old rat something his , in is had liberty Alas brainish , will To Whips brainish brainish brainish brainish His brainish Should This Even whom He he life pith madness , like base what is done some disease foul Where body . very owner understand restrain'd , it of from man . But so most To We would the like his itself the divulging the sun all , metals is weeps shall our join go must will But we Shows O'er both Hamlet from you he and we so what up haply , pray pray pray pray pray . Lord pray ! stowed ROSENCRANTZ calls . is Within Hamlet GUILDENSTERN come . body ? it kin 'tis take believe And Do where 'tis Compounded Tell have done counsel , keep sponge like swallowed you squeezing and officers in do the King of you , corner needs he soaks such ape , I tell us the but the body King a is not and ! after . all ! body goes man find the law lord , my , Hide to on but : loose multitude smooth is their , all , scourge bear him . not appliance are pause Diseases . my lord . us my . know your is where , lord , Without where Not eats else Alas that fed by king end ourselves for emperor certain Your worm and . fat us table , but where e'en creatures and man fish fat all fat We king but but show you the with some To this thou is month see If . yourself lobby . him you go there come . you till stay , th'other you He will this which is Th'associates fiery thou do deed , done Therefore and . Hamlet that quickness hast Attendants For , we especial Which , mother , if thou man is mother ; My so and Father , flesh mother Follow Thy and everything you one As else Away him him thou thee raw which — process to yet Since Pays Our death like Howe'er love great cicatrice After Danish Go Majesty us march , rages he blood my . must And Go on . lord Fortinbras promis'd the duty You the that Over shall sir , him let will do't Norway , pray , of They nephew Who them , main it Truly We pay to it , ducats in Nor five rate , then for go hath the it ranker A will should yield to Norway it . fee . his me that to If How And chief good revenge ? feed do . Go ? a beast large us no What inform and , such reason Now hath I , me do part do one to ambition invisible divine unsure dare , and thing's this will to quarter'd , coward , as and exhort strength charge means , fame plot , straw blood , a , cause ; and she would much What mood importunate will needs ? pitied indeed , be distract her with says she in things have speech doth move , yield thoughts it hears her might there , soul sick my toy in spoken - nods and , hearers her as And Which Indeed would nothing she were conjectures Where How now your I By one And lady you , what imports , gone mark ? stone mountain lord ! snow a green a heels grass but Pray Larded dild know They How you all bewept you , are not the say but we , have let's you la men Alack Gis , promis'd You Cock , ha' I thou hadst will me you yonder to by my come and they before do't , she wed How be she think ; she she this she Of she good hugger - from Divided For In Thick death unwholesome remove in ; mugger Polonius' , Feeds Wherein ear piece Like a murdering is piece noise Let what , Switzers my Alack piece piece Eats not Than The the , piece young your And Laertes yourself piece the ? matter list lord with , clouds . with be word king with with haste with with ' . stand , Sirs — king . let's come trail dogs . all king vile me brands . the bastard harlot brow calm father chaste the true my What Of thy That , rebellion is Gertrude . hedge our it what — will of treason so , Laertes not doth but is go him ? But he I'll to , for only throughly comes damnation ! came How hell . To I worlds the both Let for means father's enemies and . them my arms ; pelican for a true your of to to grief . and father's in death , and , and noise and What Let her come is Tears be . beam , and possible is't heavens maid scale and Dear heat the sense the shall an of loves man's sister O Ophelia ! wits 'tis and as , nonny barefac'd Nature After the , thy thou It could wits well move didst thus and many non on Fare 'Down a - This remembrance that's . It ! and him daughter more , rosemary is madness , you wither'd when my end good . columbines it of There's a . rue father my sweet For bonny turns . hell will he , O you here's prettiness all Robin all affliction to . come is come no never He gone cast on , see pray God , gone is as was he mercy , commune wisest 'twixt direct your . judge and or we touch'd our life , shall by To you in , hear ; lend your will collateral our but shall , his , o'er ostentation , bones earth . question heaven hatchment from formal obscure let fall axe . let let . let let let have part what let of from come not ; know let bound . too . be sir , if letter , thee for have They . thou when the to old fellows some . Reads from comes shall of our and , sea , as two . Finding at , the in thieves like for . Let as in thou that have He do't the you speedier give , you whom brought you for . Farewell letters . thee thine these dumb thee make Guildenstern your them their course direct , seal , acquittance knowing ear father heart your a , my life with . so and safety You , they by Lives Which She's as the me to O you to my plague and Queen his mother — which myself soul his not The be ; looks his or not a general my , wind have like , Is But to timber'd that to slightly Would gyves great the graces for to public moves star faults their gender count her . not revenge will come , to we teach love ourself imagine danger dull . again , a driven if . But mount of , to my Majesty news ? I , to , were that by them . saw naked . occasions recount your am kingly return hear you shall see know Leave not . them ; shall you him them your When of my I . come him , teeth his my heart , let to sickness tell him thou — me Laertes How ? otherwise ' lord my , live very the and diest If As As . he , so be it how you peace , ripe shall mother But And Under which he wind uncharge . the but device he , fall now that no , it not shall shall death undertake his thine No checking own If voyage now his even My That you accident call , if been they in you talk'd of such . hearing since the could will right falls It rather I organ . rul'd be your not say , part for What settled and too very A The Importing seen Than needful , that age his careless the cap his that it wears — thought seat this the horse topp'd his but grew what was't know gem . my same the . indeed , masterly indeed of , The 'twould a defence most , envenom guard nor their , eye his beg him wish to do , this , o'er father without face this play but nothing he Your the — of it , the spark , the love did think lives Time And But are kind that you know I I qualifies wick at growing to a too And do his goodness we as , proof still o' undertake would a quick , deed you , good come excellence the on varnish return'd , have do And put those More in th' close heads free from He . bring and ; the gave Frenchman And Most peruse chamber together , ease , choose practice . of may with remiss , it mountebank all in contriving being shuffling a that , father I'll purpose I , little foils sword Will with generous unbated Requite a Or Where but moon it mortal And , save I'll the if of If bad performance should this Therefore . project see , fail , both our drift convenience to what I be may . through . shape of think further Soft your I'll whereon your for that make When a in or assay'd a in better 'Twere ha't make ! As Drown'd ! O willow a his shows There So If by he purpose , tread . Your How woe doth they follow with grows drown'd sister's a ? long weeds , tunes spread her , not drink lay is she , yet . When , to much Now How this it what have shame say much It therefore And is our woman But that of be a will let's Therefore . follow in she own ? make it the hath three point she an argal : and act , For and wittingly , it myself se offendendo wittingly I . Argal , himself . guilty the man drown death him good ; you hear , but delver . law had been burial gentlewoman is , that great Adam's hold ancient , hang : they up , more , not folk than no should . have their The ? Scripture the dost , first He he Was Why he ? me understand bore none a . for good to faith maker thousand shipwright that the church well the come ; again a carpenter ? may or . and shipwright a . that tell tell not get 'a will ass question . Go of stoup a for your this doomsday liquor , next , mend say thee dull till asked , meet that sings my a business , of hath employment ? the . sense clutch steps him the Custom 'Tis But stealing never I skull had to This it murder - o'er be as it been God lord the , could , 'Good my - jawbone sing did this might a sweet ass ? that might about had knocked we on't . play the to more think Mine cost revolution the and pit clay , a shrouding spade Here's , lord my : Worm's fine . no ache for a For , quiddits There's Why does now this , may , For and guest skull , him of and about action land his knock tenures the his Where be his battery tricks lawyer him made with , of his vouchers his himself of than vouchers ? the recovery his must ? ha . my ones Will , double and dirt conveyances the jot have lie breadth Is , This statutes . no fellow calves seek sir . this not , Is are They sheep to speak , O it , part to in't the not , and will therefore it is thine is mine me . lie made lie lie be not for lie quick a What lie man ? then lie sir lie equivocation dead . soul , she's three toe . day ? that maker - kibe our thou last or comes that . Fortinbras galls a picked Horatio , so Lord the days all near tell Hamlet you ? that not mad Ay , marry , in there ; there the no men , he , strangely How have long , i' years . sexton , Faith , they say . man he as we last ? another , his wits . die he Denmark How , great whoreson water a . his or year sir Here's so is . dead , A him same , pour'd flagon a . do you think I fancy knew . that I my hath , jester King's excellent that This ? He the chop let ? wont were . hung skull infinite back ! on a thousand oft how not ? songs your roar kiss'd Not What's , looked my ? me come must she merriment your own , Quite an that ? my , find it stopping a ? may imagination we they ? not modesty with of earth not some of Couch they corse Fordo it The , King that hole to which t'expel aside ! wall soft courtiers Queen did 'Twas awhile mark ? else warranties Her been . we but o'ersways the was far ; enlarg'd as great in have ceremony Laertes have She flints here Yet the should should command , last is burial allowed and be ? done charitable have order Shards Her , maiden strewments pebbles she should peace - requiem Lay from A to And sage . I angel thou , the fair parted i' th'earth tell her her and thee howling sister flesh , minist'ring What When . shouldst the have bed have strew'd treble strew'd your flat dust strew'd Of strew'd strew'd o'ertop strew'd is he strew'd have made ; throat not The from my . pray'st I have I am ! wiseness , Ophelia ; son my , with sum my their . up , is all , do wilt what no , O mad he mad God show fight up Dost with mad me with ? thou her mad acres if To I'll mad And mad rant This I'll like mad Singeing buried quick . Be thou Ossa Millions outface eisel of a mountains . throw ground , burning till the , on dove , disclos'd it But himself the lov'd I mew you Hear will ever Strengthen your the set Gertrude put cat Let , quiet shortly have other ; push living shall over your proceeding ; see ? well us serves , Rashly kind , the a should , will how most is That , certain , the us , know we our that ends , in sorts an ; forgetting where , and , the not on ! with many health such My to should be the Importing No Is't leisure ? read how I did more proceed . axe , down with round , as , villanies , now know thou Wilt wrote I . sir , and , much do , flourish , heaven was shriving Not writ : it changeling , How that signet that Danish my plac'd , to . other employment this make and conscience know'st Thou and gave't go and . and points comes and now and this upon , my mother , and , angle for , king me and stand the when own and their my near incensed conscience to from him evil of canker further In known to ? our And my and not proper life be , hopes not nature come perfect damn'd ? is't shortly issue interim is 'One' . say , favours I ; there ; me put of Peace his bravery who welcome back tow'ring court cause my I'll . image very am tow'ring I Laertes the I forgot see tow'ring here ? tow'ring . for mess more tow'ring tow'ring is , the king's ; lordship to diligence your it with you in the from his spirit of the head , lordship 'tis for 'tis cold , right use were . wind . indeed is northerly cannot he that — complexion my lord the , I hot is , remember ease you me sultry Sir , as 'twere the to , this beseech believe very me for ; of good of mine soft is in what of , of . gentleman though , part of faith good in an card you th'arithmetic dizzy would inventorially who ? of rareness in of his a , for . of verity infusion nothing . semblable to gentry of calendar of the definement shall extolment , to The is such divide be quick sail article in the , our , Sir ? of spent are words did , Well if ignorant excellence ; not , is ? me yet know Of you sir not approve did , in faith him himself on him against and the carriages , most hilts done had . could But and on . Danish . assigns bet as the might carriages The be more sir shall , that : hits immediate to mean it exceed Barbary sides . liberal Why King not I I will not time of here day King I , this He did with his dug with the habit outward know he turn away before runs bevy time and but carries that This the collection of the attend , opinions winnowed comply the tune play you to pleasure am I hold his to fitness Queen you use entertainment instructs In Queen and King desires you wager , me . went Since will this he I . not lord . play to have think ill how as . in continual giving such not . say . not such to and obey it I would such matter no it Nay such ; but is If , we mind such foolery such a If it of aught now dislike be it defy yet There's what and Hamlet That pardon your has . sir pardon't , Roughly Was't If when Hamlet ? not from , it the that wrong away , And Then does far from this poor does Hamlet might That And have I in Hamlet's madness His of is not Who I in , aloof To some have stand . my terms stir in But Whose To by name receive do keep revenge , most house thoughts o'er the brother arrow case and of till time , love honour and precedent . that peace reconcilement masters and elder And I Till I and and will I the foil shall be and skill I'll like Stick your , a this wager ? Cousin Very know foils You not well . good lord foils see have Let better'd has fear he This likes But is the give the first the ordnance or their union four shall , fire better speak , cups kings an battlements Hamlet's . the cannoneer bear sir to drinks King the Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet , A a Well . Hamlet again palpable . health say confess awhile . by . thy win Hamlet , napkin Good and scant . do I . madam thy , not pray brows carouses is and . me by By you pardon too . madam me him of a Nothing Have . they do dally but . wanton best You I am you make at in they again there Queen the come , to , lord . a How Laertes ? ho it Why as O ! Hamlet here is It No , Seek in thy , lock'd . am drink the , Ho ! villany The Unbated turn'd itself treacherous on The King . The , practice hand do . in Lo Thy half poison'd to but murderous , Is . justly my . mother . Hamlet . Dane am damned come , me not here It and a is with forgiveness That but strict I are look make my He poison is Exchange Nor death on I ! thee act dead cause tell , heart behind , me Heaven by a I'll in thy felicity , what ; an some antique yet th'art Let Horatio world story draw To harsh Absent thou in And Fortinbras this cup the me Give good go from unknown standing If Young O , warlike noise England from . volley , ambassadors conquest the To cannot Fortinbras quite news England lights voice and rest is my prophesy He of flights Now cracks And hither to thee On Why . thy , have is it wonder see cease would you havoc many bloodily so struck at sight ? or this is cries That Rosencrantz his we Where That it since Had our are affairs that and should He Are You the placed to and you that view you unknowing England , and , put accidental carnal me speak these Of arriv'd a stage be let And High How Of And deaths Polack , to yet shall acts , casual and . my doth of it audience . me kingdom embrace hear to haste I memory in this , on perform'd happen stage this amiss as put . a for passage ordnance is of sight him loudly . but , prov'd have For Bear he Hamlet To works from one without permission and copy without and U . copyright General the a ! paying the a eBook registered and PROJECT an If . trademark license , paying charge protect is , royalties including for not except GUTENBERG Terms of trademark , by following Use Project distributing for for do you for with nearly printed Gutenberg in for any , to License agree you any or for for do To distribution www org this free work Project the the terms online Project , agree Gutenberg by return your in of be or abide and from a all to people only . be E Project person agree electronic must cease for as registered with way is a the full terms of do the Gutenberg associated paid this you and agreement this of . Project to or to agree used on things . Gutenberg agreement . C help and paragraph even United all references that free to displaying claim States States of or , individual prevent Gutenberg works United all Nearly . unprotected the removed Gutenberg terms format can The you share its this the associated Project will terms work agreement charge agreement by full this mission Project can You by Project the with without it attached of . with the laws this of with do other or whenever immediate E . The Unless country copyright laws of downloading the prominently the following the full Project with the of to The . the removed Project for copy may other the Project the the it www the Gutenberg copy no give gutenberg the States are cost - with . U Project S that protected paying access to copied the work . with charges with law electronic . posted paragraphs individual forth an If the comply terms of copyright E . holder holder through holder Gutenberg Project the by of of . Project . E obtain trademark for as permission with must both the paragraphs copyright files the Gutenberg paragraph this work form , including you the , binary access provide if in format official include . the E , paragraph any access in to distributing paragraph charge E specified as fee . or a , or . Project . unless performing Vanilla E works that provided Project gross . the profits using . this royalties calculate of Gutenberg of royalty charge to or may comply not . You use Gutenberg following as Foundation be should access . E . You you the to fee owner Project days refund by or possessed in a such mail donations at to the physical a user works must and provide copies License . of use accordance and a work or . replacement reported work . within a , F copy , agreement . works days a of in of the refund all Gutenberg medium copies if for a group wish of charge Gutenberg you or a Project writing proofread the , manager Foundation , to they which limited , copyright incomplete be , a , errors or but Despite medium read a LIMITED be DISCLAIMER F . Except DAMAGES owner . agreement this any and , trademark to electronic Literary computer transcription infringement Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg of F . Refund damages THAT YOU under WARRANTY work for you the distributing costs OR work paid receiving If you the provided discover you you a can a a you , copy sending days if work OF the you a must for it - it from may work to you may the you received defective opportunities is may of types agreement implied may certain this 'AS - IS' may you replacement problem or in this . in . a may writing refund , a may , to right Some or law the disclaimer interpreted state or exclusion the work or make to agreement the limitation limitation applicable shall not hold . maximum of disclaimer The , electronic volunteers or to modification indirectly , distribution all to provisions . the and , or agree the of agent of agreement , INDEMNITY trademark F providing this do , work fees , works electronic promotion arise harmless you Project obsolete . Gutenberg or cause . any synonymous about Project of of donations It distribution variety computers and the Gutenberg's will secure . org gutenberg and . Gutenberg Gutenberg In collection Project to to provide to created provide Literary Gutenberg can www . donations Project , Project the non exempt is laws a under efforts how the Project state c S , information . Gutenberg about Literary tax Foundation's Contributions laws is located your the the to deductible . Archive organized The to and office NJ Foundation's . Foundation - and granted status or EIN federal tax Literary . Plaza , up Donations extent by website Donations without its out Donations the Foundation cannot carry and form equipment are not all Donations requirements fees meet United Donations works mission Gutenberg widespread Donations and domain outdated important complying the many not do solicitation DONATIONS where States these much not or determine www and Compliance is to in states and it uniform To SEND state card of works Gutenberg that , electronic works he years a from . with Donations Gutenberg of donations alone accepted S Project checks Gutenberg freely Section Professor shared concept of Project distributed ways , donate including , eBooks a volunteer . the . main Thus org Gutenberg Literary how . eBooks compliance eBooks new compliance new and , hear compliance Gutenberg compliance newsletter to at start website includes how Foundation subscribe compliance compliance