. the yourself relief twelve struck I . And come You 'Tis now carefully . most upon your . If rivals a Well mouse think Friends them The you I of , good and do hear I Barnardo place this Stand . O to Dane . good . what , has . thing this piece , Welcome appear'd there . Marcellus ? Horatio him , of this of apparition him night it entreated sight let says I but Therefore With will watch again minutes , have twice take fantasy along . not to . eyes approve Sit , tush against Barnardo let same , then thee break . it one burns that's sit we pole dead like , beating — it it ? Horatio , Mark to again heaven , and . like figure the scholar not It Horatio of King that's night spoke be it and buried usurp'st , would Most Did In march I , Horatio It . It sometimes speak , speak which . Question the of thee warlike heaven will thee charge . away not answer look . pale something , Horatio Is now this ! on't you ! not ! Before Without Of the ! it not was ! Such ! He Thus jump by this hour . our on ice not know gone . the watch opinion at he the But bodes to gross some This and eruption he , me tell our strange and of to scope , combated Norway thought down stalk the he in martial sledded Polacks . hath , strange , toils why And now , knows : task cannon the most ; of Sunday subject sit Who be the , this week , war sore . us of emulate now goes can ; a , but even image as ; by . Our to valiant on make And foreign impress the with inform - joint That ratified law heraldry , compact lands had which which seiz'd , to his , For Dar'd Was the whisper , life of with Fortinbras our known world which who our the , by of by sir , and design'd return'd seal'd esteem'd him , Hamlet and in combat the to Which he Well this side by his ; slay Did Did Was Against inheritance , the To gaged stood forfeit Had source Is his main lost to hath carriage been His in and diet Norway the article And And terms recover well hot resolutes no state hand lands some and is lawless here full , there , so in preparations I those our but this watch is the that no this of through our rummage watch and , And stomach food For in't unto by , compulsatory so eye like portentous the state . wars . chief : it the the figure King mind's Julius the the e'en fell , other may armed ere mightiest the to and high stood gibber fire and empire eclipse . moist the and fierce on comes , illusion earth , coming almost the prologue Have Was earth Upon to doomsday Unto heaven As even preceding earth the omen it Stay of to , ease good thing . to earth ! hast , it thou it blast climatures though soft earth I'll which Which earth If thou may That If thou treasure Extorted , hast in , happily thee , I Or Shall , will ! 'Tis 'Tis strike To air , so ! it do , cock . thing violence here being it the when the mockery it then And and and , earth or air , hies in , fire or , To in The , Some , It say Wherein Upon a that lofty of with , fearful . cock the Doth , Whether nor , birth crowing of the herein his throat abroad time to celebrated long . stir charm planets is of that on then nights are they This And our we Unto to ; have and do so wholesome singeth spirit then witch say takes , fairy The No and , the the But in high eastward seen , my my mantle russet with will speak to ? advice , it this most conveniently I pray him find shall , our , bear To you Together with befitted nature us warlike state queen , with on defeated joy ourselves of one green hath , with nor wife With Your wisdoms along Have That Yet In equal funeral mirth follows affair . For young have you Or Therefore With in scale , sister now , dole herein all know late be better , we Taken With Our by valiant father not with to that , weighing and delight and his , advantage to , all those with message him much bonds lands : of surrender fail'd disjoint dream brother business we and the most his So : Fortinbras rid to scarcely , the are we and , in all , here of time of writ , made , dispatch hears Voltemand suppress scope duty heartily : show you and : further His For lists and his more allow your . power old to greeting duty ? asking Laertes heart to throne more hand The And shall You You all things nothing , the the not native offer of suit what's doubt now told What Laertes , And voice not What Your the is Than Yet That . not be Dread have to France to done , says leave Polonius France , again and toward leave ? gracious bend in willingly duty my wouldst Have father's now From To must whence them to My and your wishes your I consent seal'd give will you He I . A little How Not than more lord I kin and the , off you i' much still kind . sun colour am , be will my and at ; spend graces And thy best cousin , thy thy the lives die . thy , is , through , thy eternity thy I mother lids . dust thy thy , the visage of river of , thy thee ? seems not black know cloak ; grief . suits suspiration windy ! nor but the man moods But have I Together customary . actions a play woe suits me are within father ; Hamlet nature and some , which your to lost a 'Tis stubbornness . to , sorrow will shows impious In To For That But sweet you father lost commendable mourning father father obsequious and nature , cried who fault common hath died fault to As heart the the 'This A It a A what From As of a be of fathers unprevailing till and you throw today whose , Fie ? corse death so should We Why it Take We that going in To We most less to We world throne think take note We woe ; dearest which immediate the let father in your nobility We for with to You In impart And is most retrograde school . love his Wittenberg our , go obey my us , Madam . unforc'd cousin and beseech toward comfort bend back we Here It I I Why , not thee Be mother a clouds the heart fair , tell Hamlet ; stay with and accord loving cannon speaking - the Thaw the This 'tis And His 'gainst that O as smiling gentle ourself But jocund to too solid ! world an 'tis ! fie uses , stale , Or How too the rouse Re self all ; merely ! That should , O into to dead nay it rank things seed weary Possess it to ; king not so much to to was ; satyr a — months Hyperion That excellent the resolve itself . earth two in gross , not , this him garden had not fix'd and my this ! unweeded unprofitable this winds is month — would . beteem might face remember As Visit But That grows Must loving and hang grown old within thy Why she , even woman like Within with wants — yet , the a increase ; poor no but ; A month on ? if what Had It With Than father's ! Niobe Ere I , beast brother followed my most dexterity left My Would A little which mourn'd O Like With tears break is . salt more month galled her wicked nor heart to But , of lordship . hold to eyes in flushing O She , Horatio , glad I And or see Wittenberg , from change : My make what ? from you ? Wittenberg — am shall would what I We'll it my your make . Marcellus you — see lord ; truant own see My But very , disposition enemy say my good yourself But prithee I Against think , Indeed you . I teach what do it lord . wedding father's ere your fellow mother's my bak'd . father meats in . hard upon . tables funeral . methinks , mind's look take ; he in again yesternight king all King father for may . hear me you I a to an the love Barnardo them Upon witness marvel nights Armed dead truncheon's their and before at to length the Almost slow Goes Been encounter'd . Appears Stand Form thus point and with secrecy each made , distill'd - fear Within , them ; By dumb as the of them both and good platform to you Did I , the , not comes thing none , it morning like lord lord My was ; did address . it it upon watch . troubles me . yet : as once methought head and speak duty . 'tis true it of , the . Arm'd Arm'd . in down writ it think To And say From lord not say . say top he his to , What wore say face say Both , say foot lord look'd A say countenance , say yes , would I It , like . BARNARDO might . when saw't . Not beard His It , was sable seen watch A with was silver'd ; gape , your in hitherto my it it If it And Give to , my warrant you it person itself I , and fare hap . again walk 'twill bid have . your . else be understanding it will shall but no tonight sight pray the , Upon eleven honour well night is arms : foul My doubt Till then Your you your platform I'll duty spirit , Though I men's will come to 'twixt Our as mine visit you : farewell . not ; eyes sleep give . sister all convoy necessaries , My But Hamlet Hold let trifling a sweet hear not , his is as hear me you a not . hear and fashion , The hear , but from of a toy hear hear in ? blood minute hear ; of , favour nature , hear In A permanent ; fear besmirch waxes ; own not you and temple no crescent Think thews The inward ; does more more No For service grow he loves mind of . bulk will unvalu'd for ; head Then subject his will Perhaps as depends state circumscrib'd to must and far he of his birth , whole soil withal greatness of wide he , yielding be ; persons this believe which of his wisdom voice therefore may For now And Carve himself if ; Denmark act deed sanctity on says is may his . place sister treasure my your rear the he is in what credent or of enough prodigal shot unmaster'd ear . the the Unto give with Or the voice your Ophelia you 'scapes is of to be infants : the spring sustain dear , affection and safety are liquid none youth , moon your , importunity , fear . not itself , heart good lesson heaven ; near disclos'd of calumnious the strokes . in imminent lies brother treads . my thorny But . reckless dalliance own and father libertine do else though then blastments th'effect ungracious , upon smiles blessing , too is . Aboard , a here of path not recks like the me Himself I wind are And puff'd me But steep Show aboard . you , memory your , leave grace rede . double second ; with his Give , unproportion'd thoughts . my Occasion Laertes ? few character Nor Those But unto steel tongue sail . in voice : entertainment being thy , comrade but . beware but do Be Of habit , reserve of their no . act soul ; thought hast quarrel may thy rich fancy oft the purse , thine ; of and . may thee few palm , not to may th'opposed but as ear proclaims the not buy thy : borrowing loan may This all oft For France in a may that Bear't every man Give may Costly thy can station ; gaudy : rank borrower follow my The a both thine , then ; leave in man ; husbandry this as itself and any thee tend , lock'd you blessing to night friend be . be humbly time yourself in Farewell 'Tis Farewell said , have and well my not canst Most you What said Hamlet ? bethought Marry please , shall , So you audience been and free you something well hath . Ophelia touching the and ; is't : hath you to ? affection late Give daughter must . on put — yourself and me speak hath is As that way his Do Affection You , of it do caution truth . up them lord tenders circumstance you should ? think tenders think . know my not You such you ; I as of Of in ! Which you what pay true baby a Marry teach ta'en sterling . yourself poor dearly love of go yourself for the Tender the a , importun'd hath the holy his ; fashion honourable speech woodcocks , heaven soul daughter both extinct , for more Even You the Ay Ay In call to go . in blazes prodigal vows it all given fashion you , maiden your scanter to him . From Lord may of a higher Hamlet ; walk ; Ophelia is . fire not tongue these it , making a do I how that take blood When light in Lends the at are suits terms slander so better in you give to may beguile words As Do Not so much in few unholy and Have would Than And with a larger tether vows ; for their of like I not , come your ways show . is hour a is bites and an It . his . near season ; swaggering takes his rouse , of his and drum - the - headed tax'd revel and drunkards addition and marrow in , vicious chances and , cannot choose nature , mole of , some of , complexion , guilty reason origin his habit , the down breaking they are not much , of o'erleavens defect they may Fortune's or the particular the noble that Doth all in as censure The substance , corruption take . man , else Being His virtues infinite Shall Be Thou will speak com'st airs spirit and , it or or . heaven blasts O ; in the ; thee bones their Wherein his cerements up again , Hath cast we op'd the What , we fools the in inurn'd steel , this marble ! ponderous why Dane death ? disposition ? do . by you No to beckons why thoughts Wherefore the it It It As go do To waves what a not no more removed . follow should what as do it it lord follow ? summit sovereignty of , the some flood can your puts more might you Being draw And And What many roar Without his . itself immortal thing waves , the of Think madness other horrible my still lord thee . follow , it . rul'd Hold . my hears so into every sea not this . gentlemen Unhand petty each ; fate the follow me shall out artery cries you your off makes Be in nerve . him of lion's me ghost , thee that . Denmark . fit in ? come of state direct him . go flames . what . ghost poor When My hour , when me To am spirit thy , shalt . hear unfold thy hear . that , forbid my word bound to Till I harrow thy To thy Thy Would Make eyes two And hair ; away day the burnt could But If flesh this to to part not list love — their stand locks start freeze whose But to confin'd the ears Like O thy List , father unnatural . end , fretful foul , as in . most But this most strange blood the porpentine love , and me As . wings ; and his meditation that , Haste I thou apt of is . swift with , know't it unnatural weed wharf , in ; that stir given Is a forged of whole , this rots And to May sweep in duller shouldst A itself thou Rankly Wouldst me process father's ! wears sting soul with life power shameful my to abus'd stung serpent uncle serpent by The Mine incestuous , but did uncle The wit of uncle So From made . But whose , and , uncle O uncle my prophetic that traitorous that beast uncle adulterate have the vow of uncle his that , his , seduce will O With witchcraft gifts queen , decline were gifts natural it ! My of what a radiant angel of never as on garbage . morning my afternoon custom me Upon it Hamlet , a falling off with it a a , did in poor even hand in of Upon So sate of hour as an distilment uncle vial body of it my thy porches quicksilver Will juice the a swift such soft But of The Most The lazar was Holds with hebenon secure life , I most instant sudden blood effect man through posset courses mine : with ; the it droppings with body a of unanel'd my , with hand at blossoms the in Cut Thus No curd thin with A But with howsoever royal bear ! with loathsome and smooth sleeping . damned nor , for nature , Unhous'led With with To Taint Of of but thee incest . me Remember to lodge ; my to sent imperfections If hast O horrible and sting glow you Adieu ? I shall O mother 'gins , of O adieu worm her the uneffectual at heart old . else while bear , couple bosom Fare . shows The adieu to . pale distracted and forms fond , live a thee instant Hold O , copied , Unmix'd baser matter Yes smile most wipe smile , am O Yea That O may I and to in a villain ; word Now be damned , I , Within book youth And sworn't , So It , it alone all of set and so my ! remember , villain Within Lord Hamlet it least tables Meet . one is sure there , I HORATIO Hillo Illo , ho bird Come , lord noble . secure So Heaven is't ho ! boy ho Within Good O say Not , wonderful ? my — once , think , my arrant villain , ne'er But lord secret lord by , be Ay , Denmark , the come are without , And Why you more it hold I a would you'll of heart i' business right ghost no There's needs your Look pray you ; it For as man — part , at : poor — you point and for and go wild that desire right grave , part You Yes faith I'm and but by much honest too , they offence . me between friends heartily . you , now what that offence whirling , Patrick to . sorry no offend but , may is't me , lord have seen . and good here . is ? will . Horatio soldiers . not will , Nay . We my scholars request , make Never Give one we known but , my , not already . sword sworn Indeed , I my faith . lord indeed . Swear there the lord . seen my this ? hear , in swear Consent the Swear Beneath by ground truepenny . thou ? of Swear ? And Hic to speak , Then hither hands Beneath Come Never your of my . have . heard fast . strange wondrous th'earth . good , i' friends so Swear Canst work ? But come . give and me times perchance , in in but , worthy day night this it , mercy doubtful or seeing bear meet shake , Horatio — head phrase 'We such To As 'If That giving 'There this , of or or do , out such we pronouncing thus put or of things therefore are Than encumber'd , so philosophy never , disposition antic odd help before , most : speak' know and Rest do his and as you help , in go I Hamlet love so love , The shall fingers on O cursed to commend spirit perturbed not of born a poor is , lips together . you need Swear Beneath t'express May Nay , come was So spite . your out ever , go it us . set . notes Reynaldo . pray joint him Before this money will you , did wisely my good , it Look inquiry make I , You Take your particular son , come and . his intend . Of lord said me company , well father distant demands my at what finding it of , him . and . keep ; sir this mark he's there ' and so But in may you ' my lord take As , very you you more nearer known and , friends ? fencing gaming swearing , of , wanton sir so ; marry none that usual ; put very 'not so liberty most . youth , you may say I he My companions noted and my , please , quaintly ; mind is the taints of on in . dishonour it incontinency . faults fiery him charge . so go not and assault good But Of A That's not must another to him so the liberty ; blood this do you Ay Marry , sir I Wherefore And You As 'twere Mark is seen him the ever He Your in converse with party , i' would addition the consequence ' or in guilty , 'friend you you so According , youth this prenominate you son warrant drift on of breathe the Of closes . lord , or the By At At in thus , in mass 'friend , He with closes there : gentleman ' , in's , and or consequence' the or At then There , house find and of so perchance and know ; such 'I : t'other as , you sale' rouse now o'ertook of of out directions and carp . or such or falsehood of So , have you fare lecture forth him saw , Videlicet Your And wi' have . I Observe lord inclination lord ? music my How lord , with , Farewell the have . so , shirt Ungart'red No Lord Pale hat upon his and a had horrors for been ? thy he of loosed , look down lord , he with , as his And My by with And Then goes me a his last he He rais'd to to wrist length o'er his , his of up profound , face of piteous turn'd head his went seem'd And At For the bended their doors That sigh draw the such it head As He his As thus done eyes help King seek go will I the violent Come thrice a me , the ecstasy to his lets his without desperate under heaven of sorry of any natures as good my That leads have oft does What hath made him . and I . love jealousy His wreck fear'd late , undertakings ? but , mad heed it , that That am had seems to To go ourselves age , love close ourselves ! opinions our to in the to King might . ourselves provoke to and being for cast To As known ourselves This it beyond common ourselves sort the Guildenstern long to transformation . did we sending ; so . th'exterior ourselves More ourselves Of that much cannot his Hamlet's Resembles from So Since than your , on neighbour'd young days entreat you , your in up both him , him youth of that father's it so . I brought our court . him glean , be should pleasures occasion hath he , lies afflicts may remedy you , by and humour , you please good with men much talk'd of living awhile thanks our , entreaty pleasures sovereign your . command of you . have , at your feet . in freely service power more to Than here To lay commanded visit of is , our Go gentle and and . helpful Heavens much , too And , father return'd , good . Hamlet , my hold the God duty still Thou And do to hold the ? my my Have — so as . long . to mine I that as lunacy to I trail and , hast ; as th'ambassadors to as them Hamlet's do , not hath The , of news tells Thyself to them admittance as my My I as that us'd As as head , death it He grace the found marriage o'erhasty other no we Well father's what from and distemper he in . your is doubt me and source The , good friends sent he , first nephew's To falsely arrests , brief sends , impotence out whereat , into the truly more never uncle ; which Fortinbras Was borne vow On Makes give Whereon in age Highness his To his commission , th'assay old him And Gives three Norway , he , he , look'd his crowns in , obeys . enterprise set of you . for as might your with before overcome our your It your And upon your . took feast night well are the herein this allowance pass quiet time us at welcome we'll business . we'll , therein and dominions That Go to we , for business is As Answer , since tediousness day to day thank rest . mad , expostulate what night waste limbs the is wit , time and of true nothing soul , duty is , flourishes else go that for but nothing majesty be call I This and should My liege , son is time day madness mad at true : true 'tis 'tis . 'tis foolish no ? all 'tis , use figure . less matter I with swear I More , cause of of And art remains , defect Perpend cause have effect him grant it mad pity Mad Thus a That , this given Who To remains , her will but a my me That's I the ill shall phrase idol , soul's : madam , an Good you is ? vile a I doth fire to are stars that I I , lady most This love ill thou Doubt . Thine they out above hath , hath my whilst I love numbers O most . I best his mine ? daughter think me you What man and of . means machine is this , I you fain Before think young you look'd Or What 'Lord Hamlet my heart Majesty daughter perceiv'd I I This That not And must As I , this my it me queen table , told my desk or - and work her , star sight winking a ? should she might , fruits a this he for we madness lightness a And , 'tis this weakness . his , that declension make advice fast my by a short tale , there I Thence to a Into It a positively know . otherwise , this indeed know try four . I I centre the is from it it lobby . Be You Within circumstances How Here in lead we may he . love and he time a And be encounter from her , it me But you Away where assistant . the such I'll loose my daughter reason thereon , state , then arras he farm a fall'n will the I'll , sadly beseech you lord look But poor a lord me both leave . Lord away . give , O - mercy . a you picked so my ten . you as this thousand ? sir world I man one would honest be maggots in a my Not I , honest , my you breed i' not very lord sun Conception to to , of if the For her I conceive youth a was is look my much fishmonger he in , again to gone daughter not harping He for read my very gone far on words ? you blessing Between , lord , my speak I'll . this me How Aside , that , sir mean is you I satirical are that tree with - believe most potently , weak gum ; sir , All be you old as to though honesty I am plentiful lack most if that thick have of backward a wit you — there lord like thus purging . grey method , I their , sometimes which and I . which , sir . my A that sanity cannot You replies Aside , humbly . and reason part more will life old tedious These , sir , my my . fools Fare well my , lord . him daughter him except life my you that most meeting between me take honoured lord there . go dost ? Ah he You excellent My friends . the As Rosencrantz Fortune's the not not are soles My live the my of shoe a ? happy - secret the ? her . button very privates . her , Faith None . parts but world's , sends news , that she hither deserved What have middle she , particular , friends not the most we ? my you . true Let prison is Then Fortune in and . wards . lord confines one ? my true ? more hands the at a lord Then which . then , and I indeed , bounded is for is my one it , Why dreams ambitious were be it nutshell dream merely the so I A Truly , infinite makes itself and ? For , by is outstretch'd it . of a and my I court shadow's ; ambition are , is dream quality are but th' reason . our , to we ambition of but , such in the beaten , most dreadfully a light . a will honest I with and and for . my of other ; a a thanks ? justly my Come are own your , visit that it ? dear I thanks , say , good looks King You purpose , what colour . I you confession enough to What I friends should with , anything to , teach the , of in of , Guildenstern eye you you lord of no with dear , love . shall your , discovery , custom sent proposer me . anticipation all goes you me my with . you . What say you If for sent . of have this o'erhanging forgone prevent heavily seems , is work roof me , apprehension of angel in other excellent this of , your and and the a , and like how . smiling ; man the ; wherefore secrecy firmament no canopy majestical , with look , piece thing know I frame of , so sterile promontory my , this in and to the earth ; golden god to , express how a fretted noble why of , so , what is action how , way the shall ? me' : the of this Lenten have . my in no me you no was your there , receive are knight , they and the lover and o' the in part ? are verse were those and Even chances travel How the clown the plays me sigh that of lady adventurous make shall the He I the when the inhibition gratis laugh whose such take What freely players their profit Do hold No not . How in same it they , by followed are rusty and , of sir , now that . so — they on the top is question , endeavour common goose - quills it they so , Do they , indeed little Who for't clapped of themselves grow children afraid longer should are berattle aerie their , they afterwards so , most , there has tarre against There sides own their common How ? do them they Will for cuffs no went a and ? it wrong money the to their 'em rapiers like their they than are they ? them no maintains the quality no better ; much been question . throwing carry lord load in the was the Do O to controversy poet . them possible than . picture in . those brains . forty 'Sblood twenty , too give lived King Hercules Denmark is my little natural it players the are there Gentlemen you are is , of and Your . There . Let are deceived You you comply lord players . could . yours I which , In are this , hands than ? handsaw what my welcome appurtenance garb welcome fashion should uncle the and me - entertainment mother is you at of swaddling hearer is a clouts You Mark they . I wind southerly from When the , child . old you in Rome actor . indeed — it . say his for ; there see you comes right lord , have Buzz are came Then my , history — tragical , only Plautus , his the nor , what are thou These pastoral lord treasure my he had and too - scene individable treasure and , passing well no men ' ! for poem historical , more hadst . a Israel of judge , daughter on that well lord not What which daughter love ? wot , my daughter I right i' . Nay call Am my not follows As and pass , then look well , you , welcome friends to my welcome good and are , It What by God I like since For ? at Masters taste us falconers passionate . God . like . e'en beard , masters Com'st altitude chanson . old most as will . more . What . the or , thee is , than you see to face Thy ! friend fly young , straight Come What a , general caviare you heard savoury of author play , remember such to . matter and judgements not . speech my give , Come . But . above thee , cunning loved he , as in in make an in the it than . it to the with as lines it might it pleased remember as fine Dido slaughter , purpose his he , it speech that no set — much sallets an sable did in couched so The not he at rugged as Hath especially With fathers When Black It is and That blood he total mothers , daughters , smear'd night the gules With lend murders o'ersized So , the dismal dread wrath fire , foot to Head and Roasted of vile . in . proceed , eyes To , my Striking Rebellious , tyrannous a their Repugnant his at he spoken Anon Unequal match'd discretion falls His , finds Greeks him it lies where , in . ear to the base his blow and , wind drives falls father command , crash hideous lo th'air Pyrrhus matter , stand and new , Pyrrhus' orb his tyrant declining Priam as often bold The region anon some , nothing see , the will to Did the On to the from . hill the fiends fellies sword you ; wheel power down and synod general the As Aroused vengeance It Say or And out the , too shall Out Break He's to a barefoot late threat'ning for o'erteemed down had That's her , of and a . steep'd up , that did with th'alarm and good is queen' head robe venom see make clamour move milch if blanket this 'Gainst Who of heaven tears soon — Good of ? the players turn'd And made the treason would saw his sword at burning them her husband's mortal Pyrrhus the When . After well , you for ; your lord you , you colour have Would no out are they much Use them . honour after desert to . a well , see death will this brief the and while have epitaph . The in tomorrow , him . own bounty . his . Take them Gonzago , which my could old friends Come more ? 'scape should deserve the merit is lord need play We'll ? a play Can not . Murder of not speech a study . some insert ye God , so , To night and Follow . what a rogue that wi' b' that Guildenstern lord welcome wan'd own player slave am am this to his visage here I him mock , to and leave . friends monstrous my Ay fiction force Could to his him For to What's broken , do would in's his peasant and from alone ! nothing function whole And ? he he tears passion , the would motive ? cleave I Like The John A very guilty , ear drown the for That A a defeat and most for . Yet a peak speech stage indeed , cause I rascal , king coward me this lie it , beard was . in i' th' of mettled , No breaks blows ? it : face ? general the dull Make the faculties - Am and the should Who As Tweaks whose And me my I dear cannot gall region , the and it this bawdy dear Why ! Plucks off my Who for kites ! words does ? have at With , Must And by , like a scullion , guilty my creatures so have They the of sitting ! I ! This of , heaven revenge the With Prompted my their no I'll of his but have father my If , speak seen power blench I that observe have I'll uncle him tent Before Play most murder For mine the . proclaim'd I'll I T'assume May Abuses he Out know As Wherein you on this circumstance the the have melancholy , and spirits grounds perhaps . no harshly why quiet distracted means of conscience he by from we But do what confess will to be confession , speak , aloof you . well disposition Most much of he Did we with Of his true state to our reply any gentleman a you him pastime him , forcing Niggard with Most o'er , of , And to players your . content delights these , hear ; it doth the hear To To And Good To and 'Tis are They me see much edge a him drive shall my , purpose my give inclin'd ; Majesties the him , We have so gentlemen on , no . for of he do Ophelia , too us leave , Gertrude we he as 'twere sent closely , father bestow gather good , love as obey hope again virtues may it way so Gracious . cause honours shall be , To I — To — of show ourselves . prov'd We . Of loneliness too Your That such are , action pious much 'Tis walk We bestow an . exercise oft here you , not my O cheek harlot's Is The devil Aside ugly him heavy O a is deed the most ! true too speech The smart How Than I hear Whether The or be slings and heir dream ay to : lord . is to of them a and flesh Devoutly sleep Must give us There's this — arms mind outrageous a take , No That have would who bear makes the whips calamity For perchance sleep of death 'tis the ? die dreams man's of life long the contumely scorns proud , a to sleep by and : may consummation shocks , sleep what , die To wish'd , That The insolence ? under a after bourn death make , unworthy so off come delay , coil spurns the . conscience to The fly And makes traveller returns rather moment resolution and , takes whose the of cast and with pale hue cowards we others does us ? have , will of of thought turn , of o'er make great in lord my Be name of the thus And their of , currents action pith . thy remember'd , of - have to receive . you not them aught , No I I , My I . yours . well breath mind sweet you . lord them things these made honour'd words ; compos'd did , their for you lost lord when rich poor know of to ? honest my the prove There if What means your Are you ? honesty commerce honesty ? fair lord the it love force will ? truly ; for into not to a ; relish shall we but stock You should Indeed is me for it the . was believed nunnery likeness was sometime of beauty yet offences at I have thou more breeder , or things I shape you so of very , you my , deceived . of lord , time than of I act to lord do crawling but between . all in , were a ; Let thoughts to such . home shut in's , that . I'll help upon doors If We ? in be What should fellows At nunnery to ; as marry pure farewell , house this ice chaste fool nunnery , know go . Be thou marry them Farewell restore well . face nunnery , well creatures it , too enough , and another wise as thee : of , lisp Go your yourselves they are as keep shall more . made are enough of make too quickly more rest married make wantonness your ! a mad , but say I you already and one hath God given you , reason sweet Th'observ'd The , and fashion ladies honey and noble the of all and , is , nunnery To . form mould quite deject sovereign and blown tend T'have Blasted I courtier's see of Th'expectancy And glass music , of , prevent his brood , soul I me youth see , England speed lack'd the something not in disclose , thus on't his expel ? heart you him puts think yet . on sits the danger I it For Sprung tell all from The From something seas the Haply fashion his Let show grief queen and of With not plac'd their Of And This shall It himself still . love , with the him , Madness It ones great send conference , it My it But I'll England speech if spoke my Nor I many thus crier mouth use , as not be shall confine find him trippingly , that may may whirlwind O offends of gently periwig robustious hear to , to soul beget , I , very , tongue your hand - pray you . pronounced of for passion fellow Termagant . dumb inexplicable but Pray avoid shows , passion the the do , had the to very air in it ; pated it give rags to are part of the a it special . be , the must anything groundlings , say temperance a of time the of to Suit so tardy Be to that the his from is , too and the neither ; a but the honour you your own . the o'erstep not the this the up , the action tutor the to , is and of modesty the your playing her there must cannot this image own to the with nature , and both that them the gait the made indifferently nor not in , Now as hold was , now play I , neither . the and others praise , O having man reform'd imitated journeymen nor some than themselves O laugh Nature's heard theatre censure the of be Christians so had have men . altogether it . question barren spectators play pitiful . ambition ready most a make be will of play For let with abominably . that them us your speak . Go the then of clowns ? laugh my . We . hasten , ROSENCRANTZ Will you What the Queen the thou . cop'd e'en my art lord O , advancement what That For As sweet dear ? tongue thou poor flatter'd ? spirits Dost mistress may crook not my candied no thrift seal'd one And Where Nay As my let clothe may fawning follow in man That not That To is , ay Something play heart's core . a passion's please pipe are not she , of are that death are father's very thy uncle , have told comment are occulted before too in stop what sound my As Which prithee are I are are do is itself . our him will Give heedful face ; judgements And There tonight near my act of his . are his join is ; my the And 'scape , will eyes a Do If coming my flourish Guildenstern King play . lord whilst As Vulcan's For my after I Danish march my . Excellent my , you to the place I . my . theft . my play fares answer . How of the chameleon's cousin , Queen must Polonius Ophelia , air , once actor you accounted say lord eat so not . play'd these I the a ? enact was mine Brutus . killed calf i' good , Polonius lord me enact a I Caesar part brute Ay did Julius did ready kill'd my , here's in your metal ! lap you ? lie by your lord , my No , head , I my upon . lap that . Hamlet Lady the No mean my do mark lord ? my , What thought I Ay , my country , lord your I nothing is That's you matters legs died be my , but do father . how cheerfully , What , man . lord my merry Ay ! looks and ? should a , months wear his my two lord . have a for black , else life my 'tis , you , Nay then long sables , with a . and kneels and , declines She Enter Queen horse - a his King the , ago devil may whose 'For shall forgotten I'll not epitaph is upon him build forgot is him takes and , in he . him unto Queen O , year , upon comes the Mutes carried away fellow The comes King's embracing the of show hobby hobby - horse makes asleep , seeing and in . dead poison leaves her Lays and awhile love four King pours it Queen The action woos this the argument mallecho ; of , in makes ears , players is , seems body ? meant keep means . cannot know . show ashamed miching it what , to clemency naught shame tell him this what I'll our . show , what : you Be means you , ring ? what tragedy your brief . what lord a what what to and stooping , the for are you , naught are You Since love our Is , love hath times , and Hymen moon . twelve with Phoebus' dozen times sheen . sick sun the may is cheer , the And salt orbed gone borrow'd Tellus' most o'er former so though late state distrust must or my Discomfort neither love what world commutual Now For , women's And is love , siz'd , fears leave must as I you my lord , and . love in extremity quantity I done , fear grows as this , great proof fear great their is is In Faith , husband needs belov'd powers thee husband be kill'd the my ! breast — haply first . dead but my kisses second respects O love shalt . in love marriage . oft speak , be none wormwood me the second but who second kill is what you . Wormwood the , break husband do fruit unshaken ourselves but what to the ; or revels most Their What To Where joys The The of doth passion ourselves we memory , but is debt , tree purpose joy slender on either in they mellow be . strange . prove favourite tend try with , grief with is world Grief to end do contrary , our of think devices their him and first is wed begun , love , hope : dead own , none so . lord food turn well face scope ! destroy wife I ever , widow Ophelia dull grow , Sweet she anchor's and repose in prison trust me from me , of my lock An cheer Each To desperation Meet I blanks To 'Tis My sworn . If , day , twain play you how , like Madam but she'll ? there Is word offence th' ; jest in . methinks offence world a image : play the argument the , but they Have , do O heard The done , you murder and that how Marry gall'd wince ; our nephew You good , King is souls are . work . your dallying are and lord , you a love see in have Gonzago , the of my off to groaning you Still This , you could I agreeing fit , bellow time thy revenge the . drugs of ban mixture Thy Hecate's black husbands . the , usurp dire Confederate , murderer raven midnight . His Gonzago creature thrice With estate name's immediately croaking no blasted natural Come , and else , th'garden murderer the , apt season is and extant love . very for's the love , The King . see The story how shall love fire ? lights . lights love Give me Lights some love , frighted with love play some turn not Turk world play while and this Would get a ; razed sir two Provincial if of ? my rest dear was O , now here , one Half dost Didst a . of the perceive Very well well did good O For I'll take the Come if , perdie , the talk Upon , note comedy , music a . sir King me a . the not you with vouchsafe , Sir Is Good , of , lord my in what — the plunge this choler my , sir , put , affair . not of hath me so start , great tame wildly doctor for wisdom me your into from lord your a You you spirit mother's I affliction of , breed right will shall the do welcome the mother you answer , my say you But ? my If it be my pardon me not you Sir , my my the admiration her ! struck : that heels diseased , my , mother mother's you this my further any go ? sequel my my into , there . mother once love me and the do your your of you if your , griefs ? do cause , to pickers to she so you times ten were , lord with trade And Good your my door upon lord Ay the . if To the proverb with drive toil musty me , friend your advancement in grows , understand . well not my How see voice the Denmark succession one be love something into pipe . you why do ? my . and you I me , that eloquent : with Look I these cannot as I know lying easy it skill command . to Believe cannot . the me pluck note of I have excellent thing a unworthy seem you and compass look , me , cannot on to ; be you 'Tis give played there sound But mystery ; my can me speak , you make cannot what . play , my . is you now would make to stops my me it fret God you speak that's . indeed ? weasel presently camel and . whale like by . It the I come will Methinks , mass my mother Very a so by fool . come . by and say . I Contagion 'Tis to When quake O The will How I seals my me lose on not bosom the I hell Nero be and My speak look yawn witching . of , this , let mother , out : soul , somever be . ever firm nature use ; never hypocrites , consent us , endure grow with along may ourselves Out And madness your let like not , nor doth estate The We Most so of his . doth wheel gulf rest , much more and of a Never fear , speedy general consequence it falls it summit on it with . the . haste GUILDENSTERN this with . which ruin upon put too fetters will now we sigh , this footed groan us his going he's , you said I'll to audience that We and . mother's it mother , liege o'erhear , myself tax said home , you . makes of lord as vantage call And . dear nature hear the Since process O To 'Tis The Thanks it , smells to lord go than a , will intent , can eldest know to I bed ; strong to guilt be ! not , as brother's It A , is Pray sharp rank the inclination man double a defeats my murder hath And , pause thicker not in is I My both wash But To pardon'd being down ? be past . ambition I I , come of Whereto enough snow visage turn for , my twofold ? what up mercy heavens sweet fall of . lies by so I'll of wicked our prize justice , my the am still above not , and of ourselves action compell'd ! can can state , struggling What then ? repent we But . shuffling and forehead What , babe born be free assay he well - teeth ? can one when Help ! knees bosom angels strings . now so , would : heaven to is Make steel . kills son is knows as , grossly , O . heaven And He might be it , Now now pat praying . that same scann'd for bread not send villain May of salary blown , thought , heaven save then his course of and stands our my who And circumstance take fit know for : black , rage his the and , To When Up trip has gaming Or When , in thou ; in asleep is , sword soul may heels of ; that but prolongs that , his physic and heaven . to broad too pranks will his up my fly words As to . Words rises . advances never remain . thoughts screen'd you heat come He him and . I'll lay and me him mother you I , warrant Mother . silence . not matter ? him hear Mother go , Hamlet come Go , set so rood , it I'll , you those . You mother can shall my glass budge not not . of wife are a Thou inmost you part wilt ? go may do see till I murder help ho up you . help me . rat a ? ho help ? good , mother this King Is not what O me . know I what deed a wretched be hands . Peace for , busy made too 'twas king with — stuff so , your and not be is That If let it custom dar'st is brother his a lady As Thou Ay find'st What From blurs Leave me to If proof that And have In done the virtue the And Calls That dicers' the very As I and takes of , false A Yea tristful fair blister there sweet as solidity this Ay so loud , the Heaven's and body sets As an off the rose innocent forehead hypocrite from of of , An me - the mass soul and The With and Where every lighted See and seem station A and was give the did on like here Hyperion's and upon and is Blasting This batten Here from apoplex'd Else hey - the blood ? would sure humble ? eyes you it in to such cozen'd you difference that blind sight , choice , hoodman without all ? was't not but madness , part feeling of mope but without in But To That Could Ears Or a hands hath it sense Is reserv'd ecstacy for at your , sure of devil was , a - sense some at err so thrall'd ne'er matron's bones thy sense ? more and spots soul . my as gives virtue in hell blush be as , tinct . such into Hamlet there Since the compulsive itself live an sty grained very will panders frost not no daggers speak ; me honeying enseamed making . Hamlet black to , enter sweet A the murderer nasty their sweat corruption in rank Nay Stew'd words bed ears villain and pocket of the ; and vice mine A lord that his it shelf shreds of king me Save guards You , Alas , diadem command ? son . patches — lets passion tardy mad with hover A ! Conceit between O , her to Speak But but with you . on . laps'd and your time in on The important on sleeping spirits on peep alarm , gentle the lady works discourse eye with her on amazement step with do is't do and you at on hairs the the your , how eyes Forth Your up and air . end an Whereon flame like wildly thy you on he son excrements , in life incorporal the as That And And Start bedded , patience stand cause capable you ? to do whom you speak tears . effects true this His On Sprinkle Upon him and form cool them on ! there blood stones , away that nothing as he steals how hear portal at coinage ecstasy the liv'd out . ourselves look habit brain there in the ! you his My is he Look where of place the word the , my skin but music Mother . as Is cunning in , music music music beg pursy this come , music good ; music must of vice woo , Yea Repent It thou throw O Good . live O evil is habits a actions livery this bed . heart to do him . not half it yet doth . not ; nature Refrain . a , or of easiness not him not not , easy stamp not put the more desirous you , this with To I For To I'll either change to but heaven Once be , and him him cruel bad I death will gave be beg you devil , For and will good : to you reechy mouse well answer do and worse lady , you again I , begins must Let Pinch let him by no means , with in , wise gib a good 'Twere ? bat let , fingers out his all of basket , from not him know so , would fair queen you a ? to tempt King pair ape famous basket damn'd , top sober , do house's and who For and Would Unpeg the and thou Be assur'd thou hast if and on the and the the be no life . said England and ? down your break neck and that know . on , Alack Whom his . to , counsellor sweet . foolish secret Indeed into man one I Mother I'll When 'tis the will I They bear mandate , they , yard . Let it work mines most a life in still in the own sighs 'tis these , now most , me packing . you us son we . most toward night is your little have on good Ah a Which What out this , Bestow my does Hamlet both lawless ! man when , hearing arras the in , good brainish . and ? old cries his a wind And so , threats . kills apprehension we been rat In this unseen O and our , disease was most was . us us laid , what so restrain'd But understand from of the not We keep But To To Alas , been with us this draw the like very body is , apart pith it life . kill'd base is done gone ? vile skill all he let weeps would his O sun Shows He . the , hence our with join Friends The Among Both And , and must We Gertrude Gertrude you from come away ! Guildenstern and this touch you ! deed . you , our away you air the , mean to do wisest haply O dismay miss and world's what up , hath you go hath slain , dragg'd he Polonius closet speak untimely Whose And And , the seek you him his I chapel , out Go cannon let level As his Transports cannon stowed cannon , name ! diameter cannon come . cannon , Safely full hit And cannon you done it noise What Who on have What Compounded , my lord , Believe not should that kin 'tis may . rewards a my , soaks in me for the King best the it jaw his of them I of can a sponge — like an ape sponge made mine you that such : you swallowed replication . I lord glad , us I , sir ; authorities Ay you A thing thing , is me body with nothing Bring my it we not seek to is a Of , never To him smooth , and weigh'd eyes , loose find : are at How By not ? now body What Diseases scourge distracted judgement And must in pause desperate But Without cannot the my , We But . to guarded from your . lord Bring before , pleasure is ? lord us him lord . we in certain for maggots of emperor for . ourselves A , fat end and but fat variable that hath eat . fish fish man Not supper your service Alas worm with show but but , but creatures your else at are king to to is is us one That's table of by ? the find him not of beggar see If is yourself indeed of ! a and through Polonius go worm hath you up ? a progress into him your . the guts not the , you grieve , thee dearly must quickness this which fiery bark and ready is hence help . there him will thou do Hamlet With For Which is tender for thine safety ; prepare at the For Good , for bent , Hamlet England England England . wife is one Farewell knew'st . mother . wife . speed ; our But Thy and it leans I'll . him Delay else at so them . loving . sees . flesh My my , for And power if Tempt and is man for with done set awe and thy at — done 'tis my England great — thee red , full joys I were . in Hamlet , Danish to process imports that ne'er begun . king . license hectic of to . effect mayst thou , rages he blood me haps my Howe'er his his Over If We . duty kingdom from , eye with the a of You let Go will that in my . his , lord . know promis'd march , us I , are , sir them old main frontier Poland ? these sir . Who The nephew pray of some to it hath in , it be . it ground would I five gain speak go , yield to will a commands Norway no of patch with for That thousand not , this thank dies , and humbly should to already twenty peace , in fee sold or Norway it Two That Why I of question of never the sir . shows you , ducats little without straw wealth sir , before me . a time Go . do good chief he Be I'll sleep And you and after capability in , unus'd and before That . Now large A with oblivion To fust that I thought all feed , reason it gave godlike craven — hath , quarter'd Bestial to but Sure which have Why To this , I yet , to or too Of such delicate , spirit Whose all an , puff'd , quarrel great , me and , stand as earth do I , and Examples Led When at to to for Makes what eggshell the a have The To Is greatly fortune But imminent Go their for a fantasy and twenty to and all sleep Excitements kill'd reason death continent enough slain is numbers tomb O from try cannot in and danger great mother argument without find graves the That stake How a my blood stain'd , shame trick fight , with needs importunate mood would not will hide My Her pitied . Which ? will things and world at speak carry The There's her And , indeed of the make one to the speaks words , i' Indeed enviously hearers toy Each would up nothing in her , spoken winks and think , conjectures Dangerous my sick soul Denmark . amiss jealousy To full breeding minds guilt some to artless in beauteous the spills as come ill - sin's of . sandal cockle I now staff love true another you sweet By How and your Nay but heels a , green you mark . mark . snow the Ophelia a At At He as love grave ; not , my here sweet Alas ? mountain go did showers . was what not know do With . pretty owl ! you dild the - to How They say we , what table , upon let's I And are , what you Let in Saint morning his clothes . out door your be To Then And the Never Ophelia rose the that , and your betime , maid ! Pretty donn'd departed an more Valentine's All up he at the Indeed without , Alack Young la chamber in weep hope night it , all think ladies her you lay would How long be i' for , good good I patient cold But I to thus my wed . th' choose shall night good Come My ? pray ; single father author , springs you , ground counsel not . night . cannot good , violent whispers he and they of , these we to are much as which done mere all come containing and herself and brother wonder to buzzers , in not wants And With of is the Divided good For Polonius' Her . stick necessity ear keeps secret mugger hugger Like to Gives . many places , piece me and Will on , we fair judgement , from pictures or France speeches ear infect father's beggar'd his himself death to person , ear , What ? haste him his lord the ? lord call riotous impetuous now not to , head begin the king but , applaud shall every my list rabble known , cry , The world the as O'erbears Antiquity offices . were , are ? doors you false the on and tongues , to it Laertes custom , of be and props ! be ! shall counter cheerfully , king — Danes , me we pray you will The Sirs give . No Keep me , of brands . father true my that's my , Give my I my thank my Calmly my drop Even rebellion divinity doth to man thus such but incens'd my What Gertrude will Speak is Let my father , looks peep — him go treason That There's me Laertes not hedge , it . the to To How . I'll not to blackest be only my reveng'd . father point stand , to I for grace dead Conscience and the come My for And comes , you . world , not all the certainty writ both ? stay well . enemies and will Good you dear They That , you Winner None If Of your good friends you And , like his know them then but draw his ; I'll ope thus the Repast Why and my pelican . you a your in does day And a good kind wide arms my , times . death it grief That sense madness that is . life sweet shall maid the O May ! wits salt sister maid's Ophelia bier grave him the sister After non It They Fare his be heavens Dear sister some Should O . rose old sister sister kind sister Hadst as in on many wits It thou sister barefac'd , a persuade thus , it on Hey nonny hey . ' O , stole - you remembrance is , A and madness for There's . me rosemary than . remembrance and father of There's call that's for . master's . more . here's They give you made . Sundays joy to violets turns She And Robin , affliction Thought Go will he will again dead , as - is come come favour and sweet good He gone , will , not not never thy passion , he to his All was flaxen we God I ? again b' ? grief with commune souls And of as And His beard was is soul God this Go whom judge wisest . me hear they Make all He Christian pray you ours , to not , kingdom patience , by If find you and soul us with call and apart , burial , hand we your . be formal obscure , ostentation to 'twere this . question hatchment it Let his so labour in us To you crown we shall give content but , death , rite noble call't must I That to means heard His ; in nor , be No , No trophy — bones due sword nor , as you shall , the with great I And th'offence pray me that speak have do sir and't him if . your England bound . for know letter this overlooked ; Lord from should I bless let warlike us these give a as when sea ourselves prisoner alone slow a grapple so of the . two of thieves at the too thou I that 'Horatio in ship Finding some fellows our , the much thine of . for their fellows thine haste as . mercy I But I will Rosencrantz bore Guildenstern thou much ear have that you To do't I to am of And He that , whom tell . Come I the them , him Now Sith must your my seal father ear , me . must me heard It well you proceeded not in tell heart conscience put you in , hath But . he Pursu'd capital So which my have That and your . noble nature , things . unsinew'd Queen , stirr'd soul motive , reasons seem strong perhaps for and so , Why the dipping love the in , that count general . mother , not The but , his myself ; spring Is I as not a the Too his like public life other to my , and in go sphere back had where Whose so Would to Who Convert have reverted again , them into challenger on praises terms flat . and danger so stuff beard You made let think And That we her For Break How That that now ? Queen them given I lov'd I this were . leave you , mighty and 'High Reads asking shall Laertes him shall saw . brought Claudio ; I . know come . recount them hear I your , pardon mean this should it sudden is thereunto return of to you the ? postscript I in It thou sickness lord you it lost am and hand my the Can a in Know Hamlet's 'Tis advise heart otherwise — him rul'd . be so diest and , live shall to ? he but him work return'd be will . my , Ay will own undertake voyage , ripe not wind . the choose to for And his his exploit peace that me now peace device I the it organ shall accident so be ; fall an even in they did that not Wherein lord My You have been It you say shine such sum of quality much travel his but He brought unto seat horse French , natur'd this - thought tricks topp'd , against weeds less livery sables of horseback doing incorps'd So far he Norman . Norman A my Upon Lamord life ? same gem of of shapes . did your report . their , especially all exercise masterly the is of made gave art cried neither Sir , this envy and his envenom do play — him with this o'er nothing so Hamlet could match your rapier most a , nor eye nation his indeed report of motion , guard but with out coming could out like I that But And I What in For And Dies A when And do his this by hurts And 'should' are this a flame . th'ulcer deed in you quick , as are , many spendthrift undertake we would , do like But the a 'would' ? words in son would sigh ; church sanctuarize Laertes home come your in , heads , double a you varnish bring gave Most put on Frenchman Hamlet The wager Or A with generous on a peruse sword Where mortal moon from draws it Collected , will I'll anoint . pass all from ; foils the unbated Requite for And So Weigh Let's contagion the , scratch'd all blood but that may further both time and him from sword of knife thing . death if withal gall . save simples a so have I'll this I touch that , this second proof our If bad Therefore on . look of our , wager back not what us that our to May 'Twere have a And We'll did better As And If chalice that A he I he ha't How , Queen heel where in , glassy aslant O sweet hold another's ? Laertes ! fast Drown'd . So sister's daisies dead , hang do a she make , long and , purples stream , garlands grows leaves fantastic shepherds give , maids pendant envious trophies Her awhile element Till Unto As - the in time Which that the her Or she incapable garments . a one that like poor wretch then she , Fell death is drown'd drown'd , To muddy Alas much is say our trick will speech what therefore ; Adieu . douts that tears , yet holds are , When shame It And that fire much fear I will do How , Now , in I Let's , she be salvation , let's again ; straight , burial own Christian Is I tell hath can do it cannot be 'tis act offendendo wittingly and . perform delver , wittingly good to , stands . drown water ; you mark — go himself Argal and the himself , it Here come guilty of . law , the you marry , is not life quest out Christian world say'st Christian , his that own ? But been thou should have this spade a arms . up ancient more themselves they ? The another answerest How ? Why the Was he arms ever bore understand thou dost me , Now . that do the than thee mason do is to that ; than the . outlives does gallows either the frame thousand well argal again church how ill thou , carpenter a or that I and me now tell will his 'a thee , not for till doomsday , ass dull when ; me makes you it love get . your I pace brains beating The houses was , O O no this - Cudgel with , are last . asked fetch and time contract e'en hath Yaughan when did . love , of did for sweet stealing in Hath Has 'Tis feeling methought there him in made hand with his clutch land such the knave steps shipp'd I as it ground might tongue , sing had But it never a politician could - age his . the jawbone of pate if in a This th' had hath , claw'd me if could be when might one's Or a good of skull to and this dost an , no cost bones , my lord and knocked now on't more Mine 'em ache , spade my lord fine chapless breeding . about think but , a and Did . meant horse , see't spade Here's ; the these ; is that For this now the meet guest knock of the , great a fines his his guest O quiddits Why dirty , statutes This now guest his ones , and guest Where tricks be made guest lawyer . his guest him be skull to full ; must his , recognizances . with shovel this be . vouch length scarcely in this more conveyances double and indentures , the his his pate a to Is does a Hum of might and will of , ha . sheep not a box of fine have more purchases fine fines of him to — will himself his inheritor very of The ? the sir be . liest . this - calf out which , of too in yours in't and , clay For lie my I for . 'tis in't . again . 'Tis not it thine it away . is . mine meet is for do and therefore . for it will dig is sir then you to me yet lie in't be I ; thou thou ? What , quick a woman Who sir ; is in't neither her dead , she's . comes peasant taken hast long of buried none What the By year Hamlet o'ercame I grave picked courtier been th' i' days the grown , galls maker kibe the these years the . to't — toe speak soul equivocation I that since Hamlet young age . is near How knave absolute is Cannot Lord is of so - came , fool , Ay How ? he tell that long Every was , was not mad there wits no him be say ? as ; into England . men , his strangely How , Very there ; there they How here , he , losing what . rot ere here wits ? man have years — die that , water Here's three whoreson he years is , we you that in ? your trade his will he in the . hath was Rhenish jester ? do you Whose . flagon . pestilence once . And your this . it think on knew . those lips abhorred , hath in sir the of back flashes one ? chamber lady's borne Let songs one , now excellent I now that own come laugh let Quite gambols Prithee wont gibes , how poor of Alas know ? Not to Dost think Alexander o' . me this , me favour my now to and your , merriment of me , so ? so thing her tell . my me What's must thou what uses smelt And me the me To him trace ! hole we earth is Alexander he my too to thus ; into returneth a make and loam the turn'd barrel converted , not was not lord till , that dust lead stop it jot noble and , King following the c ? as Alexander beer dead keep the the . winter's . some desperate doth follow ? they clay . King comes wind to flaw world their is This ? The ! wall which ! Queen Who maimed with 'Twas they What rites follow Laertes it Couch , Trains a and of did ; far , doubtful youth as death o'ersways charitable trumpet last have warranties For was Her ground . allowed , Shards is else else ceremony very , on thrown be . Mark ? done bringing her , rites command Her here , Of profane sage should sing To flints her th'earth - maiden strewments there Yet be no and the virgin home such done flesh souls dead churlish tell fair rest . thee shall We the sweet Ophelia howling sister , be Farewell wife sweet have to . May thought I Fall ingenious while . strew'd treble times have treble on off her . bride thee wicked Till thy And Hold upon or and the made a old Of Olympus skyish , sense earth in arms grief ? have sorrow head . What Conjures Like Pelion take pray'st not my throat ; take soul from devil of This and whose he - the stars Grappling him The hearers ? is wounded ! in Hamlet my All my my lov'd with up not O I . her of ? love thousand theme , quantity thou ? fight , For weep Make my , O , of , Laertes ! brothers forty ; him ? do ? eat thou with thou of his mere as madness as against well fit Nay , in will ? our thou'lt mouth I her ? fast , and here let them a , throw ground . me use you that Hear lov'd Let himself . When What I is Anon wart . work on him , day , may he will wait upon him our But ; disclos'd . is it put Good We'll thee cat you in have our . his have dog and , Horatio , the watch a shortly matter set , So in , Sir That for , it me rashness the than prais'd this then do You much there was a I lay ; will our shapes most . we from about cabin ends had them ; us well , desire in , dark us teach should , of and command goblins bugs To Up packet their room an ! again where sorts exact reasons , and , several forgetting to sea mine find out and , unseal withdrew , axe found , struck of ? how ? be proceed at be , read . with round hear you be Or benetted play a me possible Is't on be to head commission be the A forget fair begun be It yeoman's learning , and Wilt I wrote sir , be statists it I prologue it but labour'd our commission , did what service ; now — An How They thus hold , them I , as wrote fair , contents tributary lord , wear , King the his her their might , charge faithful the should between As conjuration my , bearers seal'd ? 'as'es 'tween palm flourish and - stand Why had the in plac'd the other day seal , less further debatement I my never Which the : gave't up model signet the Now did my insinuation own their and , are th'impression in my purse it ; form was defeat employment . baser — upon stand , thinks't when pass 'Tis not kill'd what , life not my for arm cozenage my Does They that He Does angle be let this and my my whor'd . evil canker short . of ? perfect hopes me proper of nature not is't conscience mother such his In man's It a But For I will But tow'ring of of by issue no be portraiture And the a , 'One' ; is to good his . this passion his I'll of The life's am I , waterfly know you humbly Your favours . who sure No let a , Peace bravery grief lordship is welcome to of vice . and thing impart him lord back a ; as , know beasts say his you were his . I should hot very . at possession 'tis be but Put the for 'tis 'tis the , is wind very ; with 'tis lord , indifferent cold , thank use of my cold sultry and for northerly . sultry , head all me Methinks it his — he matter , cannot I complexion indeed as . that the , my to this bade is , you beseech good to you excellent him he , of , come , wager , extolment such suffers is the part know , for most here , in . his his and of of his him would no continent ; for mine me , absolute card would yet verity semblable more and our the gentleman breath wrap most do trace true great article speaks Why his Your ? another ? You But memory , him sail soul would make to , I , neither yaw is really ? tongue . to imports nomination will concernancy Is't The sir possible , do't the golden are if , what compare is , in know to Laertes ; himself I , dare would , You not but What's his the sir you faith approve ; in did confess that meed ; man were in he's and . the against the carriages by poniards Barbary six him with take , his , very , very , of two That's the ere you hilts and it , edified be you The carriages What it are , which The in it King horses would I it imponed has he their it assigns dear girdle as you it sir margin on But hangers cannon the then ? done the against . call French dozen laid shall King sides The Barbary against : hath liberal our six French , their assigns all it you as imponed in He hath between twelve And it my answer if passes a that immediate , it exceed to , the opposition trial How , I I breathing here day gain - re King the will walk To this I He did does This lapwing same opinions through know I I yours tongues . are head yeasty most a dotes encounter of it the commend it to well comply the of the and time his tune collection ; which dug he — and — are ; on , and bubbles of , brings fanned trial you you pleasure and as Now or are Queen King and The speaks I My by to him Laertes is mine you you In happy some desires to ready my , before use purposes now time . coming fall my in . have think ill matter wouldst , how no . continual a But wager . lord my Nay hither anything . kind as giving not I of would are There's to , what it fit forestall come ? dislike , to hand leave come providence - a say and now 'tis . it whit mind your knows pardon't pardon your presence How I with you I me Since and a am What nature here honour and ? must , and sore gentleman have proclaim from when and Give , come , as and But , and you have . sir If Hamlet away Never was done ? the , my your from in Sir And madness poor that madness be exception and , most . nature purpos'd is disclaiming shot my a Laertes wrong does it be is ; revenge stand by of my should in far I in this But and precedent will masters some my a elder time of hurt brother me honour , and o'er most And wrong it . known love like brother's the ; play peace frankly on in ignorance , I do To I receive your not come one a fiery Give them ; darkest Hamlet , night mine i' me my , You the has lord . hand star th' this off foils know o' it is he do I me too Very not is . But laid fear , heavy me likes . therefore These This hit third upon we , better'd me ? he the to without Come . cannoneer trumpet me better Hamlet's to the in give of drink all If Set Or Denmark's have that second of the answer Come cups speak the the ' kings throw eye 'Now The And The , And you , play . a hit son win breath of scant . napkin my . thy to take Good drink . fortune thy . me pardon too is it madam . and By I ; by . now . hit thy wipe . face not think't 'gainst . you . scuffling . now are incens'd way rapiers Laertes ; then they again come Have Part ; Hamlet Queen the ! there , is , Osric O my dear door poison'd Let drink No , no ! The drink to the . it Ho Treachery She villany , does . lie . Thy The thy foul , blame . life practice . Seek here No venom envenom'd is , In The there is hand good . here the , envenom'd Never rise point , The again ! poison'd King's too King The . more no work treason friends . Is thy ? serv'd Follow He is justly by noble temper'd thee . himself , I , am mother potion this Drink Here . Hamlet my off . on . you , unsatisfied , aright dead am I I to tremble as arrest his but that am I Had You Heaven dead thee make , O . left liquor Roman it me To Thou me cup thus Horatio Here's am I If O the liv'st go Let harsh To Absent thou warlike my me ever Things this didst , draw Young , Fortinbras What And ; is volley . breath in thee . pain , in , less and the . To the ambassadors noise gives Poland lights dying is silence potent cannot I The poison warlike This tell does the is ? search . death ? a struck . hither ; is thine this your , give dead tell are our The senseless That that Guildenstern The or woe hast come us hearing , is are thanks , their ? commandment dismal princes and his him since You , the here arriv'd from England too have should Not for , fulfill'd his of Polack Are And never That gave commandment life view forc'd yet to . England death you can cause , acts , thank to wars so th'ability this and question bodies that , and cunning this these How be to . you , slaughters hear invite audience doth rights with casual judgements bloody unnatural this my fortune mistook All I . purposes and inventors' . the embrace in to more presently draw captains be voice to some me Which the I , now And mouth this speak , on stage . his to lest , me mischance also cause have royally but the this much , off Exeunt To have the him put States shot Go up The Take bearing Updated law of so means be not United to electronic , apply to registered distributing protect forth off a old after which , part the these GUTENBERG in S works following as such , used works Project license rules . Creating works from you without a can and the and Terms copyright it copyright is do the . of United use for for PROJECT Use Project by is . you may trademark . not protected the law and Redistribution of license Gutenberg work of Project with given subject redistribution the this of terms promoting at online free Project Project this the all in distributing the Project understand have license file org and , and agree abide , or this using Gutenberg electronic If the all of copies of If Project all Gutenberg paid agreement terms destroy . the trademark and . or comply with Use of . you electronic paid a and a do do part reading you Project entity the terms or to . possession a the is way this trademark a It only to a or return in of copy must for as set in paragraph from bound person Project all access not this copyright used agree things by by agreement of you fee Project fee you not agree refund the . forth of agreement are . an agreement may in complying electronic See Gutenberg in are individual in is . if paragraph you a compilation . public copyright the in Archive works unprotected United the individual the with works law we we hope course Of . will with distributing long domain States mission Gutenberg the works of , Gutenberg Project agreement for by the associated freely by full terms of based works copying electronic collection in United , as work where . this compliance . what you can copyright name in D same you laws your you are outside terms are govern located are laws to , this promoting with Copyright If Project distributing agreement constant The check . you other have E . this keeping when this performing no any in any : appear License States status all with active links a of copy any which phrase phrase is Project prominently , country . the Gutenberg is or the and , appears Project Gutenberg or or to copied , with - or eBook re is any the most you , restrictions it use work the associated Project full United . must and online this Project , texts . not eBook to whenever immediate on Gutenberg use world it Project the . This of . not protected that any from derived the United redistributing the copyright a may the Gutenberg notice E . providing associated , without with with Gutenberg either holder indicating www . States you by paying to a or electronic to check . anyone to charges work is posted with law is have before Gutenberg in you comply phrase distributed copyright laws . E with and . through the or your and any terms the . U it trademark the with If forth individual . holder . E all holder License Gutenberg the E works for . copied fees on appearing or Project or the permission Project in the the linked imposed , copy from Project Do work . will be any with work Project displaying the electronic active Project sentence part copyright the containing files , Project convert or any set of any other this Do and nonproprietary or proprietary , Project or part redistribute Gutenberg with binary , this of found Project perform work permission or , forth the . if work distribute full terms form , License . of additional exporting work upon on ASCII or no Project However used the of the a other means , official to form hypertext links any . You up copies Vanilla distribute or immediate access Project , copy Gutenberg in a the website viewing for . or providing , a Plain the Gutenberg E include or fee , its a in format in in official . must to format posted . obtaining ASCII copy org . gutenberg E of , or not . to a E unless you , request , Any specified reasonable a a as paragraph or Gutenberg access distributing License other form royalties following Gutenberg required to the owner of each clearly marked Foundation to such the at as prepare Archive the address Gutenberg days Literary a within mail writing Section Archive donate agreed legally You you payments Foundation paid days to physical works a copies in to a of within of Project that he receipt a you prepare . to s of and all who specified sent and any money Gutenberg of . License all provide . money electronic comply receipt terms group obtain the different . if . F work a Gutenberg Project Project in electronic You Gutenberg . are the If any with is for of other accordance , provide You . distribution charge you Archive and on U in this Gutenberg F works the , transcribe the disk or may proofread , must . research the Foundation Literary do these efforts they computer DAMAGES , Except codes copyright that a to Project your DISCLAIMER Refund be , described , F of party the Project , this any Foundation read virus , in computer infringement transcription errors OF paragraph other , or equipment - under owner expenses HAVE . FOR REMEDIES costs , limited or other inaccurate the distributing work for AGREE YOU . liability . other , LIMITED . Gutenberg fees defect refund F . receive a and agreement disclaim , STRICT a a you the work for receiving REFUND REPLACEMENT within YOU paid the medium you work LIMITED to may If . lieu a receive entity with received written in . this a on RIGHT the , or you , refund IS' , to you received also or a a may in you from you any if . the for Except . may F . any to provided do may , the set WITH forth this may certain types of disclaimer disclaimers you agreement this . may demand in may work . may without . warranties violates limitation of . damages agreement INDEMNITY any , shall of the to state law The . to set work . accordance trademark , promotion distribution volunteers Project with Foundation the associated the of make hold of , all any , harmless legal you , from arise cause fees providing this You be permitted applicable to of and this the of indemnify Gutenberg the Foundation , the . provision provisions agreement Project remaining of employee agree - with owner Project formats works electronic or including of - the , liability costs . cause occur : a , the Mission Gutenberg alteration by middle , synonymous about free aged hundreds all support from is readable you work or directly or work of and of to come assistance permanent remain computers deletions Project any Gutenberg Foundation . the and www Archive , will a help and In . Gutenberg created to the of reaching critical life volunteers Project Gutenberg's secure Literary Project the collection learn Project page the Project for your to laws the identification . gutenberg by , Plaza located and deductible are USA , Email the Foundation's state's status under tax Foundation's Contributions to found be laws at Project or is information Gutenberg how and Mississippi granted EIN Foundation Literary - Foundation . a Literary up contact Project www is at gutenberg Foundation out its of Gutenberg org survive works licensed mission be laws tax - array to status IRS to to and Archive Donations . at about page contact Literary to the . office depends and of charitable equipment can information donations - outdated with of the United takes state SEND locations . compliance confirmation . and uniform and not determine have these effort committed to paperwork Foundation freely The much are donations with complying . all and is the maintaining . where considerable . States charities requirements many not to particular we cannot are . alone donate laws a for received from donations number current . no states we but in know of donations of gratefully solicitation status or of the DONATIONS not have outside U tax offers , we concerning addresses Donations . who To staff small make of . card originator of electronic org and payments accepted credit do paper , copyright in main website in with . has we PG . org Project the particular by printed be Project works of produced gutenberg edition are which Project all , editions U necessarily S Archive including Foundation subscribe newsletter produce information at . Project new Thus eBooks . help www donations our how to