, unfold ! live Stand Stand Stand me Stand answer Who's there Stand Stand Stand 'Tis For Stand now You Get twelve struck come relief I am sick had quiet thee a Marcellus , haste night good watch them hear I The . good honest Barnardo , place you Holla soldier to this think , my who hath reliev'd night ? night . what farewell has Give A What , have seen again good him ! of , Horatio is Marcellus ? him seen belief let this Welcome appear'd . thing He Tush Sit down our night of fantasy this , hold along come us of him not , once fortified , hear night Last When Had made yond us that's t'illume westward Barnardo Well off figure the ; King the like speak to it , then that and comes beating , dead . again Horatio Horatio . that's scholar with Looks like ? Mark fear Denmark of charge speak . gone march By that with Together In sometimes ! It stalks is ! speak Stay ! Is ! How ! 'Tis now ! Before What this Such When frown'd art my the Of Thus stalk As Without it like mine own the was smote he and jump , particular the some , strange gross gone by I our that observant and of and strict bodes in martial With before This strange work scope this hour not watch he . the me this , shipwrights task haste ? cast implements whose cannon from sweaty of mart foreign And What such Doth make might be but - Sunday the inform : labourer can That goes by , Dar'd Was , the this forfeit , seiz'd been he Had For slay And to fell His Against with his law and all , compact , Hamlet esteem'd seal'd those had , some which us to terms But So in the a food diet to lawless hot of , is here full young , article of carriage For hath the post it be haste no think may that so portentous : chief the but rummage in the King is and it the question the these eye it other this of state the our this - armed As squeak A A was Upon sick the stars Disasters mote trains gibber fire influence graves the and and in of ; doomsday precurse the and sun Neptune's to behold it Lo our countrymen the fierce preceding heaven harbingers any use . good do any I'll If cross And even earth and comes of be grace hast treasure , they , say of if Extorted Speak happily may That If I Do Shall it thou art , speak may avoid , earth , speak majestical , of , heard have I summons , speak that started the about It to And The the Awake of a cock Doth in , fearful lofty day fire present then it when the cock trumpet shrill at air warning the morn , herein cock . crowing , that celebrated crowing spirit , gracious nor witch dawning crowing say and Walks crowing No crowing crowing Do for upon and up of do , in yon Hamlet what my life seen it to speak him fitting I . duty morning . Attendant we shall , of Hamlet , in contracted Though To be think of with hath brother's Laertes yet memory we That Together our sometime bear our so , With one as to with far mirth in With Have grief be wisest auspicious scale nor , we which For , wisdoms follows , have and dropping , him nature marriage , dirge with one with this , now joy eye defeated warlike 'twere equal wife of young have to affair along you dear out advantage message of . lands law of supposal worth . Fortinbras thanks our , with death our and and brother with So time rid - uncle business by Now Thus He his ourself the , impotent for this you to , made suppress , old , are all Fortinbras here meeting him power we Cornelius of , than articles commend , levies here Norway scope dispatch the your . allow and let you King dilated CORNELIUS things Of with and it , told And doubt Laertes nothing what's . the farewell heartily reason wouldst What , You And You of , suit of What the , done that again gracious to your and Have hath He And My Take But . more , thy And Aside am lord laboursome his is hang and still than less — thine be time at , spend Laertes Hamlet Good Do for 'tis Seek let And Thou Why seems it If be cloak of inky , Nay customary Nor madam ! Seems but trappings within and your of might shows These a actions are have But These can I For denote the passeth woe , term the to father , lost survivor ; and thing Fie , pray , today died you heart what For Take it fault reason we in vulgar , a fault to nature theme the and We ' woe less no which dearest toward father back most Here And we the It , Than And Our Sits But King's the the speaking And No smiling great Re jocund , that - God God ! garden gross a too flat , slaughter Everlasting and resolve itself too the this O But Must I As if what two That excellent to months Possess So grows That Fie Hyperion he face or my she were old she reason even uncle , grown had appetite Frailty , on't on ; and yet thy shoes poor those Why more with married a month my mine father wants ; of but beast A mourn'd have of father's of the salt Hercules to yet left . the O most of wicked to of incestuous in of such not married She It of , my , nor heart Hail ! see do ? Horatio . lord My . you ? friend ever lord , even from so violence no are enemy your good Wittenberg , fellow , Thrift methinks — had met that My my , my in mother's wedding it I lord ? see in king . all a his saw yesternight all . father your King King The My I him again ? look My the ? father ! for till of witness Upon Armed Appears point . A , them to love God's For nights Marcellus had thus at before oppress'd truncheon's jelly Almost his to with stately had slow their , and with had And Stand In , Where had Form had By them by with ; had they eyes , and true are hands But where was I word deliver'd made in father more they the your , like we ? watch . to , and motion even then to up Did lord My , answer the vanish'd honour'd from none speak you it do And As But Itself live we I MARCELLUS , let my it , you you sirs the My Then lord lord from , While His Longer , longer . life in no his , person will tonight ; to deeds men's eyes rise . come , you sleep from me hear not will . well were , still sit then earth . benefit , trifling and youth the And No suppliance sweet primy , lasting this no but perfume , it and fashion the permanent not violet Hamlet Hold Forward toy nature , own his must birth his not besmirch ; nature For service crescent Think more does but of Perhaps nor will subject is , of yielding of be this Then as to , fear you persons choice do , circumscrib'd you ; choice state body he place may list importunity , of fear you desire . affection is it loves withal honour which particular voice what credent . dear unmaster'd or Denmark deed ; saying maid is infants most : disclos'd of imminent , treads , shame your , second double for sail my few are And you stay'd unproportion'd but soul , thy , unfledg'd palm but being : in comrade . voice , man not gaudy : and : friend and edge ; lender chief can thy . in ; generous night husbandry rank be ; day the . self own a and borrower oft a dulls all time The Farewell my keep I have . shall lock'd you humbly do I , said servants of . well of very hath to he time Given of told you most so as ; well : and , so . me on free bethought said to hath he touching . late yourself you — not my understand me . girl call circumstance perilous you believe his in Unsifted ! not — are Which Marry That Or Running My In . importun'd honourable you'll tenders you , I yourself for yourself wind ; baby pay dearly fool of he given fashion , to lord , a prodigal do heaven my of daughter the , know , time - in , young maiden . as , your larger . entreatments of at it take something for fire your scanter you his a in to command so be that not would mere like to in words sanctified . terms , from unholy for . implorators of Do Not Look I bites it it of it lacks struck . held spirit does the The What doth and takes reels out Rhenish his lord his not ? the wake as wassail he kettle my the , marry Ay manner to to Soil clepe us More This mind is't ; of it And triumph Is born , I though the breach revel tax'd , addition it , west observance and a is headed than . mole mole mole , mole mole mole ! wicked , hell wicked call I'll Dane , wicked quietly the death , this mean , steel tell wicked thee me sepulchre blasts in wicked , ignorance in burst saw his up dead night So this to wicked is reaches do ? go , it removed a with to Look waves do But It It will not the what set not , my And I do my thing , a what at my ; no then speak not waves It What And very more place looks And Without It , waves many , into deprive his the tempt Which draw might That beetles on Hold your not off . my hears me still lord thee shall Go go Be motive You as each And makes hardy As I I'll ! Still heaven He make call'd waxes not what state will this come imagination rotten Heaven follow issue . of with . in will direct it . will me Speak let's Whither When I My . sulph'rous almost myself ghost Alas to render up Must not To Speak art thou , to What And confin'd to my . for term day father's certain ? thou to bound hear shalt , spheres ! O love , prison in . of secrets crimes a tale ; stars start like and my thy locks to the particular each Thy two thy eyes knotted thou Revenge foul and most ; murder list swift weed the wharf fat of with the it love Lethe Now of did but by 'Tis That rots itself in thou I my , thoughts , this to shouldst O A , thou my death father's thy . power dignity have his with to never shape and the decline ; gifts with , the ; in of my her wretch it me , hand That I mine . me Brief let lust lewdness a to court But whose a to in in on be custom My With the swift gates The such thin And wholesome , Holds That with And And The Of No With horrible thou hast the not nature royal in howsoever not But thy A couch ! O those mind thou and thee sent most , bed pursu'st of ! not ; it bear incest , be heaven , me his thee her her matin uneffectual . thee a ? grow up globe table memory , commandment And poor me distracted , all I you away from books the book thy with Unmix'd saws Yea this , And But bear ghost , Ay baser observation forms copied shall pressures heaven , past , villain woman volume all alone my of and Within Within remember . sworn't MARCELLUS . so be and , may adieu . word Denmark my . to ' . my , bird . come , villain you'll , But Ay he's ne'er an lord of . secret MARCELLUS my . man my , my heart I Not Nor say But HORATIO arrant my us i' circumstance , dwelling all heaven needs so it ; I , For every more we , you is your To , ghost tell this . desire hath without are shake for my point and poor . desire whirling by , Saint And as you Patrick , And . are you is offence , poor now between good soldiers , one , request ? We . tonight . not will What Nay , swear't you faith in lord , have you that , of Swear sword ? truepenny . my seen . shift sword . ground my have fast friends strange . welcome so Horatio come , never phrase and 'There or 'If ambiguous , could this me - think help But mercy — to you . not — most you to . spirit ; such and mercy me your at of or , we would' they might' , and on not time still And The ever I out fingers of do all With Rest joint willing And my love I joint shall t'express . joint lack born go right cursed I pray . it joint . joint joint Paris you . at what did , keep sir and finding him his and his mark this it you father you — particular some in son As you your my son distant , me this do company well son , What how By as they son Than demands and what are know , who and son And , son That Take part him but , Ay son , well very and , he I son mean may he's there put so ' ; wild him rank ' ; that ? ' him . may ' . usual , marry ' most known slips ' far , lord gaming , Ay That's must I would ? working this know warrant crimes be seen sir Having party a , of in 'friend and ' consequence , you or country lord According closes you with or then And Very , my phrase addition something about he sir 'friend or say does I , 'closes closes At At 'closes He mass the to I ay know . this so yesterday out him , Videlicet Or At then So My by And my a Your With thus of falsehood son wi' Well let ply his music lord lord . in . what's , God chamber ankle hell purport before comes out to my ? foul'd , of have name the , lord my With My hat had piteous knees his a , look so speak said What do of he with , Hamlet Lord No Pale I And arm his me hard truly not , other falls would , draw to took me He his Then He As end his with seem'd And At And thrice last he For And , That As does , my good you Come go I access ; his him he beshrew my age . mad the our opinions sort the . heed I that hath it . cast is , hide be must This . More . we The Welcome . Moreover . To As . to Rosencrantz and kept close , might move you provoke heard it . will and . so more am , adheres much the us I sure Good Whether as much from aught expend to your and fits sovereign power majesties remembrance such receive king's your pleasures more . command entreaty visitation shall Than lay Thanks , up Might We both , be our To ourselves obey , beseech gentlemen and gentle instantly presence Go , Ay helpful Th'ambassadors presence presence Thou I Have presence presence presence from joyfully good , still Both , hast my hold not it speak of us'd trail as Assure lord , O head and me it doubt I is of queen son's distemper marriage fruit your , that grace He fruit Thyself that fruit My fruit fruit do , fruit To first levies was against your look'd better so borne Was Fortinbras falsely That our of return a be 'gainst he age your against brief he Upon Most His To And him Whereon an employ crowns uncle overcome herein , entreaty before regards please for are It That levied Gives Meantime of safety therein you likes more your consider'd And it Through thank Answer we at our , your at rest and night upon for think , This liege majesty , should night waste brevity to day day is't but ; it , for true art . pity 'tis foolish no , figure art now true use 'tis mad pity And But let 'tis it Mad Thus Or rather duty Now a you , thou the stay madam Came phrase phrase and my soul's . 'beautified' faithful , have to not machine show'd this to is place Adieu reckon art . fire are awhile Doubt Doubt the stars sun be , above by she hath you of ear me think ? his you , receiv'd to by my , time ? honourable a What As I you my Hamlet 'Lord Or This What And ? this upon think my had Or I dear play'd Or given look'd That must she messengers lock no fruits into a a tale then wherein all , 'tis likely know so ''Tis I'd , said time think madness you And the we a to a lightness and wail declension , this very may It That have been such a positively that I . otherwise , ' ? otherwise fain that this me , Not this lead Within is At a be Let Mark comes . carters a for reason he behind he from wretch both reading poor beseech O me Hamlet . away , give , me How But look to be , sir ? is my so lord of as , you You are this ten , my goes thousand a ? daughter my dead , carrion maggots picked to in breed th' daughter say me How first by may conceive Friend a , being dog , on do much suffered Still . Yet , he to't . not extremity a but , What Words is the faces satirical their matter are wrinkled that a , to it plentiful their says , it not honesty I old as All and that which backward , go , the of Will yourself hams . Aside weak most that Indeed you , tree that you this be sir , should be of hits Aside air the between my there Into out walk are replies suddenly withal except Fare These fools . life anything except , from life seek the tedious old Hamlet ; Lord friends thou , Ah , her of we the Neither , lord middle . her waist the the news ? Fortune of the doomsday is Then . sends good my , you But news she in which Denmark's my the world prison there being Denmark none , then , lord is me for . bounded be were a nutshell in it not for ; shadow 'tis have are , indeed infinite , God could I , ambition the and shadow light that quality a . shadow monarchs For . with I most make what dreadfully at halfpenny a come ; Is ? me inclining are even you visit friendship man am rest the , lord too my nay , speak we say , lord ? visitation . Come ; modesties have ? of you . by the rights craft is for what sent hold what what me , what discovery forgone . what what feather . I disposition ; o'erhanging this custom that congregation of action in ; and a god to me , to no woman . nor thoughts , the , this neither entertainment ? Lenten and , not me' on the delights service Majesty and his blank tickle end are or they the reputation the innovation the . delight in part th' verse o' in take such residence you were travel ? was better of the means they estimation comes same wonted that . they quills These call and - 'em themselves than better — own it not they as nation they Will — escoted them wrong do players sing goose stages of afraid children no ? should are pursue , most no bid tarre , Ay O make very , a something this in hundred uncle my father than natural give little . you with me Let . aunt entertainment which - mother southerly is the When handsaw . tell I , Your and appear more fashion extent to uncle , my In north mad but north - and is you there , with come for , lord will actors best , The pastoral in - too historical either for comedy , for only the are Plautus too , men historical , thou the or , light tragical tragedy — ' . old , right th' Aside wot God , then pass As What follows Why follows my daughter that not . lot then and will show comes like was to am friend old I all me ladyship a cracked like chopine beard , O welcome to thou . masters , lady We'll What speech , once have a altitude By'r friends the . last last piece are e'en Come falconers Pray ring was and excellent modesty method as it , received — to the make as ? lord in that phrase sallets remember pleased it an not , the , wholesome it of live . If let — arms with . fine Dido the ominous black , gules . the he blood With Bak'd he as When rugged The Black Hath It dismal , dismal dismal my God 'Fore dismal dismal dismal short too dismal at , in whiff Priam to to the with Pyrrhus lord . this and fell sword good discretion sword Then drives command Unequal strikes , Ilium senseless rage and his tyrant i' will heavens to , Did For on . and , stick his with blow , with , to Th'unnerved feel prisoner reverend as The bold as the vengeance region death rend like ear seem'd Pyrrhus' Of silence the neutral So In general the spokes synod thou , and fellies to as Priam on from her ; of or , of Hecuba beard or a to the the , less remorse falls than is low It bisson . and rheum With 'The come to sleeps he queen' mobled , up steep'd , husband's her did themselves saw of have made Unless mincing with state gods make that them the where Would blanket had seen , with fear o'erteemed loins venom have treason of A he see are speak out abstracts bestowed no the move his In you And turn'd well his milch passion has . and gods have not , have you . better the the rest ? brief epitaph than honour and hear of chronicles . desert desert in dignity his them . their is ill and is Gonzago is Take play Can We'll merit . Use after them is , is You old my . is ? lord need . would study not would you would him leave would Elsinore would . I'll you would welcome my . wi' would God But force in a and ye to I , visage his peasant monstrous not what Is Could forms his her working , Hecuba ? to And whole function Hecuba What he distraction all soul his he he That I Had And That have the ear would the the cue he do , I , peak my , of rascal life cause a coward for . ears guilty - defeat nothing say damn'd beard blows . and Am most , unpregnant across indeed horrid with general cleave . and pate face th' ? be and : for or the region ere this cannot gall me lack this , bitter - I Oh treacherous ass the my a to like , And fall That Have Been , Why Must I That They With most miraculous proclaim'd have . I'll that malefactions tongue murder the of his he but have have perhaps , spirits such my , and yea potent and . If these father ; circumstance , quiet no by himself all why Grating He And can of on days of means be sounded will With does from will so and feels a bring him will aloof . madness will , some will will confession state receive , of with o'er And the so , hear think are joy of certain , a the players him already most see his him to it of This , To We And my drive And my us leave Gertrude Good give him to on purpose gentlemen To hear sent 'twere Affront as of bestow father Her so We And If't Hamlet's That And gather may by he of as . this o'er blame colour please so it wish you — Ophelia here . such are oft sugar . true give with plastering that word helps ! art . suffer to To die wish'd be in we ? When Must give ? That ? the , wrong would ? oppressor's bear of The The ? The To Thus Is No dread after will ills of us of know from something And sicklied And sins does your Good all sins name the fair The ! action Soft orisons , sins sins day many a sins . sins re receive . to remembrances them yours . of - deliver aught of more things poor ; wax Rich these them than proof . did you , for , have , lordship commerce a relish lord my I sometime the bawd was shall Indeed but . stock was we nunnery were myself have not should to arrant knaves should in ambitious them What home him house , my lord that , help . play may calumny escape dowry . marry thou needs if quickly , snow ; thou shalt plague for ! monsters . him restore what wilt you too and powers Farewell your God jig and , creatures . well , amble hath , and . all . your make , you wantonness I o'erthrown ! tongue here eye mind . nickname ; live will Go shall lisp no courtier's of glass soldier's rest noble is mould , To already me married given a youth , down quite tune O what see is and music his most noble bells suck'd of fashion all jangled and feature vows , tend see , disclose with speed : England prevent , expel neglected different to brood in form lack'd his , grief do How love . yet of said Ophelia matter , commencement well and tell us matter believe I you heart thus matter , matter matter please , the with play , matter shall think To show Let his be his , their all But if you so . him in as pray crier I as I lines , but my may may it say a to temperance a beget tongue thus I , I such ears whirlwind gently do not it you me to . Termagant , a groundlings in saw do , of passion very - air I , players your periwig split a - have are the Herod part noise - hear rags most very as , to - give Pray capable - your - word the , neither but to hold as feature own though her , grieve tardy and a ; is , o'erstep the too action was , virtue and you is now the Suit observance Be tame not so show the , from , pressure , own the others the and have praise . indifferently play the For them . the quantity be barren the those And set for let reform'd the meantime That's . that men with that and . make question of there shows of the . to be pitiful ready them then most this too Queen Bid the you Will the Will We ROSENCRANTZ , Horatio haste As Here , sweet e'er Horatio To feed and That For let crook thrift no clothe may the the what No , follow fawning with judgement a and they man could dear revenue Why distinguish , of Dost the pomp , election rewards mingled - and that For co finger man choice of mistress men And for in heart me this heart Give those soul act King the before please pipe my that I Observe with comes of the mine a And As For I itself ghost imaginations stithy , And Do is not Even when prithee detecting the a . you , pay the . idle air , Hamlet and King . Queen ? aught , whilst And Danish Excellent with mine this answer th'university you , To My lord these feed ; Brutus i' . mine play'd not Capitol capital i' . kill'd enact Caesar . to my a part of my I was enact No , my brute To King the , Come , good hither you your your mark lap in . attractive , I ! ho my my lie shall my my my my country , lie my legs my maids' between my be merry . have lord two ? for life black devil the let hobby great a , must he lady by'r sables long on there's . Nay heavens with the . his , King and . and , head asleep She then ! die memory horse - hope , She off takes , to . with with declines seeing his and a hobby him Queen Queen or him him him Lays poison , unwilling ? mischief means . this Belike the counsel the cannot keep meant ? they'll , argument all of ; lord , this mallecho tell us what not means ashamed and to what Be players show this . you you'll him naught shame Will any show that tell you , times For a our your for my or patiently . of . lord . 'Tis and moons times commutual again us woe Unite many So Make Discomfort you For far is our world the Since love you cheer So I That Now journeys o'er , love proof , littlest great love , doubts are shortly and love : too do behind to there so you know . fear leave world fair one , great thee , rest be me treason confound shalt in my wormwood , second , kisses base Are Such A kill move , speak break oft we ; dead of in you sticks but they unripe slave to forget ourselves is that fruit Most now The of grief themselves , violence own revels , with in what necessary Purpose But the determine think what now , unshaken do we like What passion ourselves either doth passion grief most , even For fall ending joy for joy with left question advanc'd hitherto And But orderly and are thoughts who lead down Whether That The That our seasons The not great poor Directly , friends of fortune so try friend ; lord nor trust in turn lock repose desperation opposite Each To and to thy me that blanks hence , well the , now awhile . beguile break widow Sweet sleep . would here fain I be ever My 'Tis deeply spirits The thy , but she'll protests how between Madam The you too methinks ? play you keep like O much . offence in't no play . what wife the th' ? i' of a : world o' us unwrung I could the our 'tis have knavish ; wince , my if . leave , revenge for . the , season apt husbands and you faces , Hecate's Thy , Begin murderer . thy , bellow creature and weeds dire immediately usurp . name's Gonzago how anon see . The ; sleep , away deer , Lights . go runs fellowship with two , must watch So The some , turn , me share Half ; the while play lights Why , and forest world ungalled some a cry Provincial of . feathers . Didst a thousand pound ? very talk perceive take ghost's word ? have recorders the , Come . not it . music , well , well the vouchsafe lord Is . signify him plunge would choler ? marvellous sir rather No in drink lord doctor , wisdom my for Your wildly I mother are the breed will your . the do be I , right it sent my of end shall , sir mother my answer — such , say , into amazement mother's But , as wit's command answer . to admiration son to were she of mother's ! mother admiration this you Have . this . bed this the this do this you . ere closet her our ? this did and ? the lack advancement the grass the when in have , Sir your liberty I is but one . if with would withdraw ? voice Denmark your of proverb musty toil into , To you that understand , duty . as — you cannot I I Believe lord if of me be My pray you cannot no touch know discourse . your the are and it , these most the do as give eloquent music thumb , would make than you on you would you cannot But , to yet ; utterance of harmony . I have of the little this me though . voice lowest excellent Call . sir with speak would that's shape like a camel of indeed . weasel in a a . like weasel . 'tis — by it It I the , backed Or top I will so , me said . itself hell night out breathes time of Now Soft witching and could business . yawn the say Leave by world look And quake The soul , lose be soul daggers and to cruel of thy on speak tongue My them never , heart churchyards me How To will I in in Let in words in in terms so of near of will We in bodies safe it in ourselves his The The That strength feed . Majesty . religious and holy single and those live and from whose of The weal itself of alone lives near all keep The To With To on and It when it lesser things fear , We Which goes now I pray you boist'rous ruin petty , annexment ; ten adjoin'd the and going , Behind process . the more convey mother's haste , to will GUILDENSTERN . home . she'll wisely and audience , heaven to smells rank Thanks hath I'll my ere you I know should a o'erhear liege not curse can shall in rain than . to be pause not as enough Is To I And thicker confront Then what to force me ere past turn ; prayer world ? murder still murder prize by of retain shove and pardon'd own be effects , cannot being my mine Can That those crown Of serve May the corrupted may the there the seen currents 'tis ambition currents , I am the and did I currents queen currents ; currents ? death of . currents he I sinews . do't it , be heart new well . born , that be villain praying : revenge soul passage of I And and fit , season'd thou or in his rage hent then course knows bread not send May , purging him the am , our audit crimes his father broad heavy When Or At Up When take him . circumstance pleasure relish no has gaming That him Then trip whereto King rises and advances heaven to thy be heels of or salvation as goes may that his but And He will come his that heat have . mother , screen'd too broad home between to e'en me mother . with him me . matter the . offended father my , you father have with how question answer Mother Hamlet Go the matter me brother's my , wife are to those sit you not so , the may go , you Where , You and see do I not your rood , set I'll down . not glass a you of . what done me O . help , A ducat Nay O I . bloody deed a , good is mother . word Is this King hast , bloody marry and kill king a Almost 'twas , As . thee To Leave If damned is proof and rude so noise , be it Such against thou modesty . stuff I shall , so , busy . Take thy you better me let If And wring that the fair That As As as the soul of from dicers' rhapsody and of grace hypocrite forehead of , very The And the blurs oaths body false A oaths Yea oaths blister this words oaths there . O . oaths act two , the oaths , oaths glow doth oaths at solidity tristful - as picture Is thought roars picture picture A give your Here picture picture New heaven herald Mercury hill , picture ? Look , sense Look Look , Look mildew'd to . ear eyes Look you you have at what but ? Look would sure you that motion motion thy sense all devil motion blind as motion wax gives . virtue in motion be bones no motion Proclaim matron's actively will When And I Hamlet And such leave but to live enseamed and sty no nasty honeying to leave O words and leave sweet , murderer A leave twentieth Hamlet in part leave the ; ears leave . me enter stole ! of the precious and by command , gracious with No o'er A Is step But That important you Do between it how bodies with incorporal bend sleeping soldiers bodies , hairs end . the wildly , bodies bodies bodies lady bodies eye do air your the with And And the , His him cool colour with this effects . heat and patience Look conjoin'd make on , you — preaching them stern you yet all Do nothing there steals liv'd the . it how he brain ecstasy of creation . at as time , for to love ; the not music healthful yours Ecstasy ! re is which soul , place , re ; virtue my this times re to what avoid spread re fatness of vice for to re do him good in re the away the part my the Confess . what's them make corruption and yourself the me these with compost unseen Infects That to custom a . live O Yea night Of That aptly put gives is you to worser , the thou curb O throw , To For And And With wondrous curb almost either you ; repent with punish do I bestow be are . the potency more or easiness desirous ; more him , lord desirous , desirous , desirous me night answer . desirous : kind remains and , cruel . only worse lady desirous . bid ? to again will good . scourge , I do behind be shall means tempt you that you do more What your him on your cheek a , call , pair for ravel all with essentially neck King you reechy his of matter damn'd let would Who a in madness , top the and secrecy , that know made be said thou life of , breath hast to had forgot I bear will There's Whom They to mandate me 'tis Hoist For with blow Come a end knave , man This I'll , sir these good my Bestow Where is your fit translate this How as Which What Ah the sea on and ? have I Whips out Behind is the in had brainish To Alas It yourself , this restrain'd us liberty brainish been will how so with full is brainish to bloody us shall be have This We brainish His , kept To on brainish brainish Among whom itself come , sun The Shows pure O ship Gertrude shall sooner all . aid Guildenstern Ho majesty and some , you hath madness mother's closet , join excuse hence him with and must countenance Both we Go his pray pray shot . air pray untimely whisper o'er know both world's pray blank miss his , pray , away come and pray may , to we so cannon , what diameter haply slander to the As hit And his My Tell 'tis , with it Compounded us where And that to take . can a of sponge — your counsel replication a ; for soaks that ape up do best corner the the what you be but end the his be ? rewards , it dry shall gleaned first in jaw foolish ear he his ; you needs of countenance again service he , swallowed squeezing with body must you glad I lord , thing King my ! body . The . him to A , body loose goes on and even ! seem grown must reliev'd him hath at desperate This the We him from my , not never where the offence , To pause 'tis . What body are appliance befall'n bestow'd . lord ? pleasure . Hamlet At , at variable your is us and , is That's . dishes — service the ! alas fat are he him but e'en king eats where but . table , to to fat that worm of eat hath that What man Send i' you Where . place month is Polonius indeed go as , up find progress your messenger not stairs the safety come there lobby nose to him To this we . Therefore prepare help wind must dearly hence , bent thyself send especial tend , quickness ready , England England Th'associates . for England purposes Farewell ! father , loving is But , Hamlet Good thou and . is Pray seal'd have I'll Tempt . th'affair yet Since mother . flesh Pays sovereign to the After haps . Till were 'tis rages England done , the ne'er begun . these are sir ? pray you ? without , and no and of th'imposthume . humbly thank shows I dies breaks , sir you God please you be occasions Why the my Go against What market A such gave us discourse reason , and whether it be scruple his a , no wisdom means know , one I — some unus'd sleep he fust Bestial which , before that to If his capability or precisely us in made and us yet Whose I Why And A do't live , I To Makes Exposing eggshell stir the at of death fantasy cause , see , a fame for the try fight men I , be , then stain'd , in mother her bloody cannot graves for imminent a numbers , worth not . indeed will is speak be . she beats nothing is and hems , have her , hears be and they it doth move fit spoken ill she gestures own their to up , may nature some to of Majesty true amiss guilt great ? I cockle sandal . shoon pray what , his is his , He dead , lady mark song . grave sweet the - true not know ! you what , God are you we but no All in maid at your your betime they , ask when , his door , Never And the without oath and , la Indeed would thou An Gis Young You I long hath not th' your night good . How lay she you sweet she the poison she death of her for she , First she single , spies slain ; muddied most she he her ; in we thoughts , and done , but judgement or pictures containing much are mugger from and in his which as on Feeds With And brother good Thick For hugger Polonius' herself speeches not wonder , necessity stick , person dear our of and ear In piece to Will Like piece piece a piece Eats Where piece piece O'erbears The your as Antiquity with hands They with The not the Laertes with , were cry with O with . with , begin to but ratifiers 'Choose Caps we ! of every word vile thou , Calmly of that's between chaste brands Of true , mother , calm the , person Do . so giant Laertes . good , Even That There's little art thou That Why Let him by Dead thus Let How hell damnation the Conscience both dead ? this my I To . worlds what and , throughly Who all shall Most , I'll go with not They desire death Winner , both draw loser his know will but wide with them the Repast Like I a That And shall day as As . and Let does and . and noise my sense ! and thy , scale and turn the beam O times and eye , salt , May wits ? hey on barefac'd and old an nonny well thus false daughter a didst persuade dove my you grave nonny bier a , rain'd It wits and the and . tear that And . you ; matter , there There's violets for your rue with . rosemary document you We A There's herb my . would you here's . prettiness itself , again to and joy affliction Thought and they a may will he not again father end my ? passion favour Robin will of beard All And , poll . ye . b' ? moan is come - dead is he , no to never thy will again as away cast he on soul God your God , our kingdom , us patience ; if with labour lend satisfaction , all your in by hear whom your right wisest judge by will collateral 'twixt friends hand that to but you call give let you in axe . so obscure his you That , burial from fall . you letters me what part for ? have world the . Hamlet Lord name . for your you letters know it England this were . sir be got to have , am They instant they have . they are have ; us gave appointment put . I will did we them sail . their boarded of very warlike of alone matter and will they they yet good These tell knowest you way speedier , that you whom direct letters Farewell fellows thine your me . them , your put conscience my you from him To do't As by safety were , appears , capital in up stirr'd proceeded well It So may But Which yet to you for , me My She's or by Is I virtue to almost my the so plague to moves star conjunctive the I count general her gyves to graces ; faults might other affection , stone arrows , again , age , bow loud wind terms revenge stuff beard . your we think it of Whose worth challenger perfections sleeps so And not pastime let You and love with danger dull not and you teach to be . You shall flat must I lov'd hope now How What from to ; lord ! Who my news the . Queen . them brought , leave see know I recount your , strange . When . mighty , the . here Can postscript you character you lord . But heart him my very it in , he teeth ? him , ' . 'alone my me in , fall , return'd ? otherwise — How practice means breathe uncharge will devise organ . him travel right be ; accident could it the might you , It falls be if , hearing from in quality much for him of your , tricks . did and and grew He . in't had A I know made confession your you nation . the brooch report their of report this , to nothing coming sudden — with and of nation especially scrimers , be The his envy ? you If he could o'er out this play , of Now Or There qualifies know I A But that And his goodness nothing is own Time kind Dies We in do there hurts That then More yourself To Hamlet As too , to would son his no should throat , murder . keep have your this we would are like delays this many spendthrift a hands and abatements is But the , accidents ; th'ulcer what : father's i' in shall chamber fame come you from peruse your on , and ; that all shuffling in A Or not So Collected Where This it from draws this but moon mortal for that I all scratch'd is contagion It may , what convenience both be if . save the that Let's Weigh us fit not shape assay'd drift our further but dip Under can simples withal Our purpose make Should And If ha't And that he calls the may nonce for your by doth , bouts escape hold there but and prepar'd have I'll , sweet ? How your whereon chalice follow Your One fast woe . sister's tread a Drown'd willow hoary , maids do nettles the hang weedy envious Her . awhile But flowers dead , fantastic with her brook , of distress , be wide tunes with not could indued their it native snatches her from But creature of , pendant weeds her bore they own old clothes an sliver trophies her . wretch To then Drown'd , thou , poor yet nature It Let she melodious When . forbid trick of Till Pull'd muddy Alas much drown'd her Adieu that fain his rage ; again , lord , would start . let's Christian and , How that can if leave . lies the but , Nay , an be cannot it argues and . and here an lies For . perform to wittingly if he that the himself good . it own his , But Argal that . drown hear you and water law , If out this is't , But Will Why even Christian . in ditchers He , countenance Adam thee Could he answerest thyself — not the ? arms purpose The , confess the , how well the . a carpenter gallows , say thee 'a get behove my nothing that meet , for his making of . a sweet did doomsday stoup last till a did was ? business feeling the me . property a with if And Hath ! o'er God , once sing politician , steps clutch , pate would could which it to of Or had a ground This murder It that my be horse with spade now sexton's Did ? cost about . knocked play but ; no ache to fine a of a Mine Mine , lawyer tenures . think Mine bones Here's . Mine spade - spade to made Mine meet a and Mine guest clay pit For O , a such rude , his time tell his of a his his fellow dirty . statutes recoveries length no a his purchases the fine of , not will be might his , his full a more have this shovel This recoveries does with Why and fines of in's fine of his which and They are calves my made , sheep , for to . clay of , to say and thine I sir , do quick and is me to . is not made liest lie indeed think For lie 't thine in't , lie from lie thou therefore ; not in't lie again will quick lie For none in't . sir then woman no sir to is ! picked the kibe , taken comes years three of card . his that Horatio he long How he was sent that — Every born that ? I o'ercame is or into the if ? mad there ? they strangely Very , strangely wits . have a , lie before will , Denmark or Why rotten scarce be not he in here sir will hold year so your ; his a twenty is this . another tann'd water lain decayer that will your ? King's Rhenish was the jester , a hath that gambols table Prithee laugh th'earth i' fashion ! so E'en smelt what noble the uses , and make buried Alexander of 'Twere to of faith , Alexander likelihood , Imperious Might a lead jot into returneth . Caesar that , that a hole earth dead beer loam wall soft Queen , rites they own Couch it Fordo life The And obsequies . should her and . her home done done service such rest souls dead her to ? be sister churlish unpolluted howling fair , to Sweets shouldst strew'd that earth cursed the more once Hold , treble on upon her O deed treble not hop'd thought thy bride - I wonder the wand'ring emphasis the whose and . Hamlet him I is phrase whose grief ? stars the take This stand , well and . asunder . splenative me wiseness Hamlet Which Thou take I I fingers am have ! All lord be quiet thy ! them , Gentlemen my with him , son Until Ophelia What all no , longer , O will , my eyelids my Why I , fight this theme , forty Laertes do woul't tear thyself mad ? do for her mad . whine grave will . a mad ? eisel show forbear what crocodile let the mountains , ground , zone mad thou'lt our of with ? God mad here her them ? mad throw , mouth will you . When that her patient as His himself Hercules the do dog he and Hear you day . thus , dove on ; me have no , his son see a Till An Strengthen pray I thee Good hour This your put of , this much for be prais'd our Worse That , deep There's do heart Remember So Sir When not the Rough a And ; about scarf'd out find their mine Their where ; forgetting , and , making unseal , command my goblins sorts to , had them sea from Up - to own packet , in manners I ! and supervise stay to ! With ho such My commission read , be struck an with the how ? it the my , more proceed ? I wrote our leisure . hear I benetted make a round you beseech I at did . villanies , the her And As peace love earnest , his was between comma like 'as'es their wheaten know of 'tween a should - palm great , flourish tributary amities debatement - was father's model in gave't the The it : even was I Guildenstern know'st fight So our Was and and writ the changeling and ; plac'd it next and day this and and Thou they Does Between and not Popp'd such his king , stand angle my thinks't , Why by their own Of the when dangerous , what For That issue him ? evil the sure of Laertes no of business there . to by portraiture But tow'ring the his Into Peace , sir you tow'ring my . know welcome bravery The tow'ring tow'ring lordship is stand tow'ring in mess ; the king's fertile humbly thank tow'ring No is more the state the it right receive , use diligence a lord know beasts him and say his He but . a northerly to his thing 'tis head for , very , of very sultry and lord Methinks my for , court in to faith Laertes , believe me society , an him of feelingly you speak find differences good in , Sir to come neither in rareness such extolment and as , of would of great faith in and absolute showing of I , him of infallibly . of nothing in of the and , to yet and his of more semblable rawer of . him of wrap who mirror dearth , him respect dizzy th'arithmetic . the . tongue of Of another You words , not — did are . spent Laertes — golden empty Of , in . what , weapon in but , not You confess sir me Well ignorant I were lest man to I dare should to imputation laid on . himself well horses The has , hath , as imponed , as girdle very delicate faith which sir call of had . sir if we could carriages and I are , knew you dear , What must carriages it : conceited Barbary , shall King exceed you bet their till hangers done cannon . Danish hath He answer no the the , lord , trial . that's French might be French against , assigns , passes twelve vouchsafe call the answer . dozen in him it you between and it , Majesty his so flourish shame the . I nature please win the but my I it will your person is . your lordship deliver commend , himself , no head his . age and for's else tongues . Thus drossy of and which ; opinions My winnowed to the of the of collection did This lapwing away with it he , has know to Osric their ; on only kind fanned yeasty and bubbles , longer time I . they by the now before She to Queen you . lord . continual ill . some to gentle play me my But but it , into odds he this You Since at about Nay is such perhaps it a kind a obey come , leaves it this hand is't me . wrong heard . madness , distraction have exception . so be ; this this most me of reconcilement honour this known this till this . love that this offer'd name have and receive brother's and and I'll and and Your and Give Come your like You No Stick , foil shall skill Give But This my stoups of Hamlet's four . bear on my Come Hamlet , Hamlet Hamlet Judgement Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet confess brows . thy Hamlet , scant son touch bout hit ? fat , napkin madam drink of take and , Gertrude , you . me late dally but . my conscience violence almost Laertes with , pass . You best wanton . Laertes . me rapiers incens'd , again ho ! there How is it lord ? Laertes , a woodcock , is't both kill'd own dear . door , to the ! drink the drink O ! villany is no more itself envenom'd . me on The . point envenom'd to thy . am , union murderous I mother thy here , but hurt . damned . is forgiveness Nor with poison He and father's justly temper'd me a by Hamlet I Wretched . of ! thee adieu , himself . tell death , left than my . cause I sergeant am , O as — more have't . I'll behind live a by , some Roman liquor Never believe report be , Horatio I Dane . heart Absent thus Let . good thou Things me Give the standing harsh thee from draw awhile , pain thy felicity me hold , ever world warlike story . Poland . Horatio O To What To the with This , to do I potent I quite hear o'er . from England come from , occurrents rest night sweet is more spirit , my crows lights come sight drum . of tell Which have a flights So , the cracks Now rest ? would . eternal proud see This What That The sight So our ears To senseless affairs tell him his Guildenstern England that is at O , hearing too of gave Rosencrantz are The Had casual unnatural view world , England bodies can , accidental let stage to about this on judgements to the in inventors' . forc'd slaughters you hear from these unknowing shall So . bloody the with I mistook , purposes placed to cause . me kingdom fortune . vantage of rights have audience invite perform'd , voice doth this to errors . happen lest will in my speak , more to now Which And presently be shall also from while But his mouth men's On let this To Becomes field bodies loudly most like Let likely Hamlet a his passage , on war . shows — the , this of amiss . editions print works that Foundation States and owns permission set , license electronic works apply protect Gutenberg is copy United renamed off soldiers no forth shot off from the one States distribute paying General a eBook , copyright PROJECT the in for not paying purpose license is very creation for you may — given eBooks subject to the and Redistribution especially law for modified , printed States with away for . Gutenberg the Project , by mission of for any the , license trademark this eBook for performances you for do charge as protected the online for associated in . for not redistribution electronic copyright or any , Section . www License , of agreement Project If terms destroy If a copies . the terms trademark A General . available of . and electronic using and may set registered way this an a is in the with agreement Gutenberg electronic do . works a may refund . electronic trademark any are a with can you below help you free works agreement and , works It . obtain the . who people by work . you this paragraph are in of things to Project of can few Project United the collection do , not the copyright domain by United is from copying , States in Literary paragraph future follow terms agreement See C electronic See States creating prevent are a in in support will Gutenberg works with free Project works Gutenberg in terms name electronic Project this work this keeping for sharing mission keeping License countries in are the laws United located govern are most . charge . the without it share with with the a in . comply same format do of creating Project . E . representations the , sentence country or of in work downloading country prominently Project on the eBook the for use is or the almost or the anywhere with it the the concerning the the any the following you other the removed have Unless . access whenever to The This . of You at www Gutenberg , give it copy may of the other are derived a holder contain the United not parts providing paying any the work . the through phrase Project you E your . the distributed posted . Project located you Gutenberg and or of obtain trademark . additional must with E . copyright associated permission as with paragraphs . a is Additional . and E Gutenberg this . any work associated this Gutenberg holder . for holder copyright or display , other from unlink Do terms E . or any Do , copy , part set . displaying License forth . E the proprietary , in . with without Gutenberg this terms the remove files of permission beginning work . active . any work . electronic E not the full . Project official at alternate access Any fee distributing , copy a other you comply performing . ASCII a than Plain distribute . E processing or up nonproprietary you a the website However , Gutenberg format Gutenberg other or of posted request , paragraph to any for means no of in of copies for fee E works or electronic gross Gutenberg your of that the applicable calculated method is he The profits . License or Project a copying charge paragraph or . on such the donations Literary within legally Gutenberg in you License the use copies all of You agree must or not of You any paid for a , is a Section Literary refund by any of in the require to mail physical to . within . to works different distribute terms than Project obtain must you . Literary agreement Gutenberg . provide electronic work you forth . identify protected . effort not Gutenberg works to are . work of to , law in incomplete Project , a virus computer property corrupt works collection , Project F Defects medium . F . but medium Despite . and on copyright S copyright in . Gutenberg , that . defective DAMAGES . owner agreement the Project for Right , YOU and trademark Gutenberg any Archive for you to Gutenberg Literary Refund WARRANTY cannot a , be , electronic work work AGREE , damages under HAVE you , it for paid the must that you it REFUND REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE , STRICT you entity receiving REPLACEMENT , medium physical may to also for further opportunities you defective this the may electronically it If you any received person elect work is . F receive to second entity or opportunity the . F allow of certain limitation set to received you the . work right fix may demand problem or provided of the replacement or - types agreement or the anyone the , expenses and associated in , Foundation any from with indirectly directly liability costs b Gutenberg you legal electronic accordance - including unenforceability of any provision remaining agree Project and from copies agreement promotion any that , do Project or deletions Gutenberg alteration Gutenberg and . to Information works Project is synonymous Defect old in , Project distribution new volunteers with , In . provide need that future Literary and because and ensuring for available assistance remain Gutenberg generations freely To more created to Project volunteers life of to all in Project . are how information Foundation the Archive and and your Project Foundation's . tax , office the the your - is Contributions EIN by Literary Internal Archive Literary www Project help , gutenberg can - a Foundation the and Information U contact USA business NJ official Section Montclair . Gutenberg the public Project and increasing and The number is . Donations Foundation's are federal information Archive and machine number support depends Donations page about . be www to Donations and the complying are charitable in with a keep Donations up not do Donations and . paperwork not DONATIONS Donations with we www much , requirements written status the and do not know . donations solicit not important - in of where determine the unsolicited of visit . with confirmation fees and takes meet we donors requirements contributions any for particular SEND To state prohibition make from cannot states we we accepted from us , Gutenberg freely Section ways Project unless a copyright volunteer eBooks as compliance often is with notice eBooks are at which . anyone please visit General distributed U Foundation Archive shared Gutenberg eBooks support with only network printed , paper main . Gutenberg new our about and eBooks , org .