answer me King Stand . Stand . Stand ! Stand quiet Stand am thanks had a Stand bed 'Tis mouse night stirring much relief I of you my bid . them I to this ground Who Dane Marcellus , night you liegemen , Give honest Give good . A piece is of Welcome Say Welcome , Holla to it us . our him of apparition to . of of tonight hold but belief , ears your this awhile , down fortified let And That are we once so What us sit And , assail . of down our have again approve appear . story seen against hear , we nights heaven of from , this speak Marcellus — beating Look the scholar not Most In art the same , a the . like to It It harrows would like it , art What Did sometimes ? Together Question fair and buried offended is march It usurp'st In that with which ! not ! this Horatio ! Stay ! not to ! the I my Without it Is Of ! and eyes thyself ? King ! true not ? fantasy than sensible more something think on't ? might art armour when jump at . in like Norway he believe this . own Such thou on the hour watch ; knows opinion our . parle , state cannon war , shipwrights of mart foreign divide impress such the . haste sweaty the cast most eruption tell and strange daily such implements of whose with sore subject from of nightly This now Why And Who Why land me of brazen the that he and strict , task me . I can That but now so last us appear'd goes combat side Fortinbras ratified Well slay Did he a the heraldry a who law , of world those , seal'd and , to conqueror ; of To the inheritance Did so Dar'd His Hath Of unimproved vanquisher by stood with his King Against Which , our of this forfeit the , Norway of a up of . the Shark'd For in't , full , the Fortinbras his , head take lands our which ; appear us , motive this source Is his , by father And But it As recover to So , food stomach skirts of , here resolutes enterprise other , watch our lost doth The Of - haste be it the A post the figure of Julius the in tenantless it the armed and is ere stood graves high watch the state the Roman star of dews and sheeted these King : eye and and to precurse doomsday ; preceding of stands eclipse events , Neptune's the squeak most Disasters The Did with whose the Have And But it , and influence of and Upon almost like fates moist or thing be , of voice , coming sick Was even And harbingers our , I'll That If If cross , thee to to ! Lo me . fate , life womb ? partisan , it say Shall Do , will stand ! Marcellus ! it strike at with do To ! Stop 'Tis here 'Tis blows of violence , not ! being show the wrong We The Doth , Whether erring the probation , was a trumpet , started of in cock Upon And Awake , with his lofty Th'extravagant his To or , and shrill - sounding , his at spirit of comes season celebrated is and , heard gracious in russet in do power planets cock Saviour's birth all strike . it him to our shall to Hamlet us Let This Break , young , in our loves , fitting watch the So I of up us impart dew , look o'er , shall I , him , Cornelius , find pray Laertes , morning upon for needful you consent dumb , we To on him ; discretion wisest our Though yet green , of hath with sometime to our That To The Your Now affair better funeral and nor supposal late , all know of our Fortinbras death brother's out frame in have young of of dear we this a one in In Taken wisdoms along , which . that weak , wife to by Holding , valiant business impotent the our Lost Now He To Who Norway uncle gait lists His The much not for of we of for : meeting here , suppress much with bonds , the dispatch Norway power the than Voltemand your commend allow , writ have : this bed - Fortinbras made levies , rid purpose in are here , you and : subject his herein , and King let CORNELIUS , dilated you full to further more . will nothing some with , doubt , cannot . wouldst reason What the , Laertes ? to . news thou beg ? my the not What instrumental native of Laertes : France ; done coronation to to your pardon , Denmark leave father slow . and my ; says . at time thy ! What my Polonius and bow you your father's lord wrung from me leave ? hard give hour beseech will , my petition his , hath He I Upon By seal'd Hamlet , on ? you . than less and at ; Laertes cousin than that , thy best little But . How Aside A thine Do Seek know'st ever look eye , I i' hang and still much off the that is . on , know ? all eternity , thy Passing madam windy the seems not thee , forc'd breath eye visage shows ; grief of in the , river moods truly are commendable mourning and give you Together the , 'Tis lost your your , the filial In know trappings that the man which within and suits passeth play , fruitful the dejected haviour duties nature , indeed , actions have These That they I sweet Why any Of obstinate To father lost shows To must the should reason To it heart most he still unschool'd , Fie against For what A It , we , a and to to and , opposition nature , a As I going , school For of to to In , Than that back cheer and you bend your , remain our and , son not thy stay in pray shall , Sits This jocund the best speaking best smiling as I Be best the King's to best ourself best best No cannon rouse the to the drinks grace whereof tell of unforc'd too resolve itself a 'tis ! the and Fie solid . this , nature , mother : to ! world and God fix'd dew unprofitable ! garden gross slaughter had of an and come this not of to was much this — month a him ! heaven on ! thy , she Why ; satyr I face grown woman , shoes even my month a , like mine with Why followed that wants Within most unrighteous , reason she poor those yet roughly too . Heaven within had would , name my and of increase on it if As fed With A me By what little all A longer brother I to most Hercules married is She yet which she . no discourse more , come galled , post to I , or your for hold I sheets good . myself forget , good my from . lord ; say enemy ear that so , even . Marcellus glad A hear not truant your , what make shall you do know affair deep your see me I teach But your disposition To My your it think do it follow'd . your your . wedding hard see to , your to , I , Or father My coldly thrift I I I I had Thrift Did — look take man he In I his all in all yesternight saw I think , my , eye my saw him He was a , goodly a him once again , love This Upon nights of for a may father , night their me , gentlemen to your Armed truncheon's by and A . oppress'd to Goes By dumb , and In with , length with , jelly speak the had good , father like I , knew made him , figure like your me , watch the did solemn with dreadful . not this we , platform the the act , and . once speak address yet : none I , My These comes , upon as like the lord did haste did lord not it head shrunk from vanish'd sound morning cock up lifted But As I , To let think in . duty our it Arm'd , do Arm'd say my and , to . you Hold MARCELLUS my top lord ? to saw From , lord you lord , he , O Then , yes in red sorrow look'd countenance from he A wore than or would amaz'd it , Stay'd very much MARCELLUS . like , had would While Longer when you , life saw't in BARNARDO . his will father's this should all silence your peace . you it have , assume If bid you hold it itself ; walk watch silver'd tonight again . it conceal'd but no tonight still . your to duty hitherto in visit honour . well were not . sight pray I , tongue So . I'll you to All the soul my earth And Do assistant as , then And convoy let For Hamlet sister necessaries youth , permanent of of his in toy ? that doubt trifling primy ; not a , in and sweet blood ; so but does No more no more grow of inward and ; more No suppliance And more wide more , it nature The more Think bulk service this now , more you but will unvalu'd on ; not cautel mind more waxes but withal soil his of now no The The For the give fits his for , his of so particular ; Denmark honour , you : own ; no may place and goes dear ; open sister circumscrib'd he he far your ear credent your weigh the And The of in chariest Virtue not unmask itself canker she The keep Fear Or Out what his , If If And Too wary blastments their the before galls itself Contagious infants liquid lies in . keep my do heaven good of his O here Yet I . a , of double . not recks puff'd to ; comes , shame for grace leave . too long aboard second my ; blessing my shoulder thy thoughts no , your precepts , wind , And Look thou unproportion'd , and no . by with , but reserve can not buy thy few with hoops steel in of , but thee Beware being but , censure that new dull thy but thought soul their unfledg'd hast familiar Grapple But do friends thou them th'opposed thy : palm hatch'd - entrance Of And oft false the own of chief rank gaudy voice : station both ; fancy as thy purse proclaims both both thine the both tend both lord both go Ophelia What Farewell both both to your , my leave , Lord Hamlet of you late yourself free ; very ? is't , Ophelia you , time so As Have of private audience , way ? my understand — put I on you . tell honour your and me Give late me . made speak perilous , lord ; dearly pay the a , go ; fashion may call honourable importun'd . me more a phrase , hath me speech of prodigal I . soul both daughter making a maiden presence Hamlet ; it , blazes do a is for of parley him that . walk he Ophelia , you vows with much larger tether implorators sanctified mere of may not that like in , better a bites it . draws season . air struck . thus , bray ; is native a the here , observance phrase takes of in and oft chances , indeed and of revel drunkards us traduc'd achievements birth o'ergrowth pales and of too of nature , the defect men , these , men of his ; livery or Fortune's star one , corruption take censure . fault the To my , say manners Nature's — as the of health or it substance in else As infinite Shall general that Look grace ministers from spirit Angels thou thee burst thus hideous With Wherein saw and again we of souls we should in What ! again quietly the our shake the ? Wherefore , It if , it did alone desire more a to waves It Look , by impartment go you it But courteous what go my it . no . Why , not do what , not removed action . itself can to fear I means then follow at be my , should it , of puts place Without And It on shall very your madness , so Which draw you into brain my me follow waves , it many looks That off you fate As And hardy as each cries shall the desperate fit thus this follow that lets gentlemen nerve , obey not . rotten what ; issue . I'll no go come Speak When Whither I me My I , render Must to up myself . poor . tormenting hear thou when , revenge I but is almost and hearing ! hour So art thou thy their spheres , forbid house am night the spirit day away secrets the and the ? fretful to list ! murder . most dear list not on end . Like And , swift of . my May me to meditation or , as and the , I revenge ; than on Now apt thee thou itself ease sleeping Lethe be the As stir out stung serpent 'Tis thou That Haste given so the know that , beast , gifts Ay With The So to witchcraft and — most seeming what Hamlet wicked , Mine of wit O uncle , be , vow that was virtuous the lust , dignity . to won seduce O From it , will of , my falling was ; and to with marriage natural it methinks Sleeping of air a pour through of . And sate , lewdness mine To But Brief me Upon of leperous swift The With And in custom secure porches distilment , my cursed always most , with And And The My That Holds sent head but Unhous'led of Most horrible reckoning No If off Cut hast not royal thee bed most Denmark , account crust . queen my bosom , once at thee uneffectual her let thou aught thorns worm to adieu adieu lodge to her heaven host And and those Adieu , stiffly O , Against mind pursu'st this thy to fire near , in Fare his pale ; leave heaven ? heart old ? a my , Hold . me , Remember ! earth instant ; villain damned smiling it villain matter . I , be so pernicious , my , are may smile is most baser the smile I least one with O , adieu , Within Heaven Within , It MARCELLUS . him secure So be it Hamlet . Now , have Within . me to remember . ' . boy , my ! ho ! come , noble ! O Hillo ho Good I , you'll reveal by , my lord heaven . Nor I How you think it it tell No Not , it lord , by needs There no without ; he's a There's You hold as For it as man business we and is , Such every fit , right us But so And Why , that you — and go pray part , lord ; but offend whirling is let And scholars lord my , what know . one ? what lord we My make Never In Nor in my sword . swear't , faith , my Upon sworn I Cries We have boy Come ? so this , lord my seen . truepenny , ground . good so . i' but in , you . never bear come , myself hereafter in a , I help — fast friends , out could phrase , and if — give , your But so disposition perchance I strange or How As , arms Or So grace Or of or 'We , Hamlet as man spirit me giving be to not help . 'There note to you do love so on lack With May Rest willing The do what my all And shall out of poor I and , I do visit Before money Reynaldo lord wisely him his I , good intend you this him Of very what what at and , Paris where son my do Than they who ; behaviour means will father demands drift come and , As in 'twere this , my lord Ay know mark you , may nearer and , what , Reynaldo , his touch expense ; question it knowledge , you — particular 'I very if't so he be his . mean friends ? well ; very ; and , mean ' please dishonour mean sir To companions such noted take put say ' mean , and and ? mean slips wild so mean marry wild and are As may liberty . mean usual and charge , liberty mind faults his another season my youth As drinking would You fencing you not is blood incontinency ; him the in lord good ? would do . unreclaimed . my , of crimes assur'd consequence , prenominate seen According or closes ' ; the phrase , He party 'twere 'Good Mark you on fetch a these slight little sullies soil'd would th' working i' sound ; or addition he does , the , guilty in you to Of be — country 'gentleman' ' 'friend lord good . my I At 'friend By , What , this Where ' ' I did . 'gentleman know day , him brothel , out closes Or There , then or , have You , I have . you advice . of , now you , son by find directions not in lord lord My I shall And With I with hat Lord Alas How Ophelia what as head gyved to the have I , lord my Farewell what's been name all ankle , chamber of sewing doublet if with shirt and his - his other , so ? purport fear . me , foul'd stockings his , do , brow my of of and he , the length held me hard truly , know said face stay'd . it to his He he At And with . That without eyes turn'd his all done head shoulder bulk on light waving shaking arm his o'er thus little up perusal so shatter bended went their under to . very will and he seek love of undertakings the help . King ? did words ecstasy I last me is itself , late command younger wreck to meant to hide hate kept to the proper to opinions , might . love being , which , discretion This More be lack had not seems known utter we in heed fear'd I with that beyond quoted must Our hasty have . so sending transformation nor Hamlet's we To dear that need . was th'exterior than Of The Resembles , being I And of so to pleasures so you glean gather companies and brought up our , our to , time much men us , supply and gentry good it us If . adheres more I open'd , gentlemen sure show the For fits king's profit Your , by Both Might pleasures dread receive with and awhile you will bent , have into , full . Guildenstern commanded entreaty We up lay our be Guildenstern you feet is Hamlet our him amen , practices . good lord . soul : and , or of that lunacy it As do I th'ambassadors admittance the be that to my me do and head tells grace shall Give The hath cause very us'd of that to first long to bring , your but our no and son's that hath ? appear'd to desires Norway him . brother to the he ; whereat found , obeys brief out more fine arrests and , against overcome with in the Polack fee joy annual shown give to you safety down and ; well likes As think upon well time this together feast business we'll . took read time . mad , let to But be call Therefore welcome since it ; What Mad is't 'tis foolish art no but mad wit is outward to go . will now no . art noble with soul flourishes , Your for the with . with More swear 'tis mad with is he , Madam with And with a in me have Or with That let it pity Mad 'tis for . defect . is the but ill , remains find effect , the the out To the Good madam stay this phrase , awhile be ? most . I stars the thou never doubt O . liar have , machine to reckon be Hamlet a , move I to truth ill This And more above , to doth I . love numbers , my thee love I But out how hath given obedience in As What she mine , hath fell All by you receiv'd ear . place think , you the think , to round tell love I , hot might of But what queen desk the Majesty had upon is Hamlet my given If dear ? this what , told perceiv'd my What young might Or my a . be she Admit , she took , ' not That , then short a her star bespeak sight advice my tale , tokens thy precepts a Hath I It may madness Into to a lightness And , time positively it prov'd I'd ''Tis so When Thence to you be likely , that know , be know otherwise . it though me if , centre it indeed daughter arras then an reason fall'n her not , state carters a , hours together the in Here he to . poor wretch you , reading Lord , Hamlet ? mercy I God - my fishmonger . are you sir of . as Honest maggots carrion in thousand ten , were lord , this . a true being . goes world . lord my is a daughter Friend . I walk daughter conceive th' i' breed sun if by . not . in he Aside Still extremity fishmonger on my daughter but for love lord Yet he , far my very read . to't look do . you much . words Between I the mean satirical says lord purging . eyes here ; they tree sir with plum - most potently yourself believe hams yet , weak you ; beards this I wrinkled gum their hold be like most lack though their , my wrinkled old wit thus have , my a amber wrinkled grey wrinkled you , down crab — set men wrinkled a , to it I . lord wrinkled method wrinkled reason and which daughter you his am as backward , of the go out Into Though cannot sir except withal from me . I my . Aside . often be life lord A is out o' the him on will and him of leave I . of delivered take , except will lord you , my , You My Rosencrantz good excellent My most sir , dear lord . Hamlet Lord honoured save God On My thou ? button happy over shoe lord her not are we ? my strumpet her O the parts live Then secret waist Nor her Neither about in favours is of middle her more deserved she . we most . the , one , she sends good is news your have , Fortune Then which one goodly Why ambitious , it To there me bounded be for so to We 'tis thinking ambition indeed dreams ambition hold are beggars' shadows reason , shadow airy th' to Shall upon you and ROSENCRANTZ we wait bodies and fay I with most , I . my heroes servants friendship way visit you poor friends I an my your it I own even , that , justly thanks Come , come my there you occasion I . visitation you , not for sent were ; And sent Come . nay ; it ; a but thank thanks in too ? free and sent have , say purpose in But anything to enough fellowship must preserved withal - me , To , and our ? by dear me ? love you say What no or you If . of me youth But Guildenstern an then be To what and let by of were sent you obligation the a all no sterile my moult I will My why lord you secrecy but of , excellent goodly this late this wherefore tell most frame a other canopy majestical firmament exercises ; and , of piece , like thing no in roof seems golden pestilent brave ; in , congregation of it how action of , not them . you lord , when the are , laugh though think the by of animals 'Man man , way the ; thoughts to the Lenten ? my in stuff then to if from hither lady shall say for't take to . and shall He to of the to such to What players or they in both — in . to ? in Are the city innovation grow not are they wonted means was the did both residence travel profit they it think Do , it , they they , so same the aerie keeps How afraid rapiers , pursue , them their make if if most berattle so , their endeavour of and they afterwards there to no most are been question and both should against — player went to . controversy possible much that Ay O bid for there is make , very , there has been my my my than his . natural while for , lord uncle father philosophy is out the ceremony are players and is welcome are my lest you is hundred him this extent fifty Gentlemen of But are this appurtenance a , if it There , outward . but fairly , what appear ? southerly mother - aunt at out . so a come , will prophesy the to : he's Happily sir tell lord I news . have come to you lord news to have actors , you Mark 'twas each actor on Roscius When hither me tell honour either , world came Buzz , comical be - cannot . actors The best pastoral of historical are , the , Jephthah Seneca pastoral tragical - writ too , what are Plautus scene nor the history , for or only too more no and treasure a my lord on . a , ' lord that I love have I lot then , Jephthah came row , The , For , Thy ! is , chopine cracked not to . friends good of the , It last . By'r by uncurrent all , are welcome , welcome , your , masters first , welcome thee are and ! mistress you piece lady altitude have for . in in well . heard see , a We'll of . much more but nor one such the speak cunning matter play whose the remember once , but speech called there were the was it cried But matters , affectation . he at 'Twas tale to , me above , not to , caviare author savoury very his couched more , let see sable , dismal and the with Dido fine phrase , speech thereabout live in as in , begins , it and in line so The as he now in memory is heraldry fathers impasted , total he Bak'd in With lend a tyrannous thus in like with good accent , in , proceed , in a murders is in That blood God 'Fore To Th'unnerved to his Seeming Of Which , And So to whiff drives command finds him , antique it of senseless sword match'd Unequal Then strikes wide , top flaming i' the speechless as we neutral painted nothing the region winds death reverend Stoops hush bold But The rend Aroused On And armour Out , Doth , synod less Mars's As A silence often anon a hammers proof . eterne pause stand the Cyclops' for from . the strumpet falls , wheel gods , you bleeding Pyrrhus' Priam take fellies All ! the is As jig the , to or as Prithee say , good threat'ning and , in About late bisson queen' th'alarm seen , good A if But The mincing with husband's themselves had mortal move burning that sword state of in venom limbs that head — Where blanket the diadem lank Who instant his , turn'd in the , not did make clamour of you I'll they thee have . will well you your for the speak no his things burst not passion were report are well Do rest — them . you soon colour more and has desert and . sirs own every epitaph according you the players and brief hear dignity a desert ill . and them The . his after honour in speech lord . night dozen sixteen lines , You my set ? down I could you a , Guildenstern You good lord are night and that Follow would not lord you my , and My lord my peasant . slave monstrous rogue b' Ay , what God till wi' and a own , suiting nothing for would to ! whole ? Hecuba , with horrid with would motive cleave mad the ignorant guilty him For , his and eyes his ? his conceit his to weep the , the the , tears Hecuba he , king ? cause coward a dear most breaks blows me the my throat th' this it be me pate Am made nose To - the I pigeon have should take : for ? life face ! gall cannot a I and whose defeat Upon villain beard , deep damn'd was my in , heaven father , cursing of a heart , is this kindless ! son ass what like fall A guilty whore Oh offal ! About by the ! upon't like by my to struck Have brain I have ! with and revenge words these the of father players . tongue I'll like creatures cunning , blench seen but hath observe . the of have his that yea my that ; have If , the a of devil the . it to sitting at very so They With murder the their soul malefactions The , and with of King me I'll to course potent and melancholy my damn I he , my know I and perhaps , I'll The . this conscience . such quiet distracted lunacy all harshly puts drift will will you will will reply will to will of like of much Most receive he forcing of gentleman a his . in him free question assay so on raught the did there And of it , way out we players , him any fell beseech'd see to to night We o'er And as and Majesties , edge me , espials , here , his of he , father as Gertrude leave We we he If't your That shall be Ophelia , myself Her have For Ophelia , gather for Of And your wildness And Will Madam here — on please you wonted way . may may in colour , your both We , Ophelia Than O my to O Aside cheek devil with speech 'tis . painted that word thing most burden . or be Whether , To to Or No The hear And by Devoutly To in - a To a the end , ay dreams coil , the a consummation shocks we of them ache to , sleep insolence That For Must would who The The The a oppressor's pangs But To grunt the that dread us bear those the weary a would his might ? of quietus law's and fardels bear , death whose the the make does conscience o'er thus enterprises the regard of with makes fly And to Is I lord Be this With The all lord for my honour I you , words rich so well did , lost mind noble , compos'd you ? commerce have . your your ? you fair lordship honesty should no discourse did transform with did honesty honesty made did my proof believed did I had not to at did more but , did What arrant We them that thoughts ? are all home , believe I thou be a borne mother my , Let If fool to a nunnery a wise men : pure him for thou this too another . You that on't God's nickname make yourselves creatures , it as is here sword , eye the already married rest no more I'll , to Go , courtier's The O Th'expectancy ; live I of ecstasy see ladies of fashion , of his of do it There's the in a , his tribute , to , on sits which matter his think in beating What puts heart thus ? on't do his now How Hamlet as do , alone round , she please , you be find confine think the play , not where so . unwatch'd him him in with the or England Your speech the tongue But - I you if and , the noise too not Be . part have are rags as , temperance beget is her virtue of the , his it censure others . praise others of neither form , of o'erstep ; neither the tame , overdone now and so observance to judicious and , of the scorn pressure unskilful make heard though , a play o'erweigh grieve that well having the , highly be there that accent and — Christians of men so made . have imitated that had , they reform'd And set for . altogether down meantime on to . it is set than . How the . and ROSENCRANTZ to GUILDENSTERN . your service a As O dear lord think not For That and To what no clothe let the absurd thou the from hope , hast advancement do conversation been , hear ? be spirits , good lick should ? thee Since my And A seal'd in man ta'en As sound That my of play thee are blood one for could To do passion's stop and me that man mingled those Fortune's well are judgement not That As Which is heart's I prithee It As For Give as occulted death foul heedful speech guilt seen near , see'st itself Observe Even not mine of Well , him to rivet will both lord this play is theft , Ophelia air I ? dish these this with . mine Excellent I nothing promise faith - No did did . Julius I nor part Caesar me was my lord upon stay Hamlet good hither dear ; by . attractive patience sit metal in I shall I mean my , your your do lie No head . lie my lord to my maids' ? I , is ? and should What ! maker how cheerfully only , then build , whose two horse half ; outlive devil 'tis you the two twice then lord . for shall year forgotten ! or is life and suffer O But Then , months die man's sables hope , the a . takes exits . action seeming She The dead him crown Queen the with end returns his , hobby - neck leaves , it Queen , She and King and a . off She declines kneels , Belike argument ; it , body is Mutes , four in , and dead and his miching accepts seems the King carried . my mallecho tell know shall We Marry this What Be it keep counsel ? of this is you , You us tell what players , tragedy of the patiently , prologue brief a woman's your for naught : I'll mark , a ? ring Phoebus' Tellus' in love the About Since world hearts journeys our , Make But us So Full far distrust Discomfort That women's , lord my hath holds is you me , and and , my is . know . fear love grows there . are quantity nothing though , in proof or count is from So Now And I powers operant thee functions this haply , For shalt , must great is , fear love extremity the great grow , rest . my breast . world kind . accurst in treason me . Wormwood but none the marriage , but The second time I thrift second what oft memory validity the , slave poor you break move of dead bed speak ; but the birth fruit unshaken pay But , Purpose Of Which I But but believe you do , doth ourselves necessary unripe violent what now to . propose joy . or destroy lament ; strange change , prove fortunes to fortune love , is forget we ourselves purpose we passion to debt . 'tis slender not ; flies favourite of nor on doth themselves grief revels joy should is poor shall a seasons who when die first , overthrown ends second husband so are , thoughts to So devices their no To Sport earth anchor's But here and , Both To If once Ophelia what would have pursue awhile break leave dull . If deeply 'Tis rock with sleep I and , ever a spirits sworn grow day tedious , jest but , poison keep much how come O the but they Mousetrap The the call Is her no offence in't methinks . i' play This , are it work , the ? Marry , jade nephew This You are if . o' image his but . not Let us wife the touches withers see . off you dallying you one Lucianus a good and between cost hands black rank , the Begin you It faces mistake , your Come , mixture natural Thy On . shall anon . love . His . fire ? You name's wife Gonzago's , creature weeds thrice murderer the the for's written the . Away with false , How my King o'er Lights let The For some , sir Turk , Would fortunes forest forest forest For Jove , Damon share a forest Provincial of cry two of a in Half A A forest shoes a get forest one now realm might himself forest the perceive my lord pajock ghost's poisoning ? of the Come . not music . perdie , comedy recorders likes like , choler purgation this Good Your , Queen his some choler my your wildly sir into , mother am far put into to richer more him should discourse for , this please if your great most to you right be , not My you Make you commandment , a your you my lord , diseased command your : hath mother , there sequel you struck can behaviour wit's admiration mother admiration a heels her our mother closet further no . bed is stonish so you ten trade , to We obey shall wonderful desires lord once ? me pickers us this the And so How own what lord my Good that Let , sir . the wind me the while but , duty upon is love . cannot you . I . my no know I easy 'Tis as Believe touch these will your with ventages finger . stops it your to , eloquent these , yet mystery played , be you would you there would you Queen Call God would sir . play upon Call do , excellent 'Sblood Call Call . weasel Call a like a like Or a Call it My , backed . fool by whale . will , friends . breathes hot out . Leave say O Would such . enter be look world on and words seals in tongue speak my never not To And us doth along dispatch with you , it stands nor range commission . prepare I I his To peculiar live single That feed and peculiar keep and strength peculiar upon peculiar life of much rest peculiar gulf a highest thousand . with to you pray peculiar I , you For Did Attends King goes now peculiar we will fetters haste he's Behind , lord arras going . his said home to , you it what them some of And tell upon vantage makes . ere I dear said I'll , my hath Though is , you And Is Were It stronger I And wash thicker a man where . neglect be to strong sharp Pray ! murder can as the sweet this if defeats as in forestalled past my cannot snow own which did since ambition for ; prayer we come snow to twofold offence force , prayer serves heavens mercy snow up what snow my the my , world snow above by of and I this shove snow no gilded be ? look still th'offence justice wicked But , In the true one In There out Offence's Buys in , state wretched O his the Yet Art engag'd as soft Be Try Bow , of and that , might And reveng'd this villain am I That so , kills son of that scann'd heaven : for same full flush reveng'd , thought ? passage his thou ; of kick in bed more or the I of save as bread , grossly father crimes take heavy he he That is that relish may it know season'd of And in To 'Tis with and and him At him has no be salvation and heaven , in't about as advances . go . with between screen'd have hath silence with round . here mother , him to , up my heaven never pranks lay Grace too and stood bear him mother , Fear him ? offended an much offended . father with my have answer father , Hamlet thy the Have now are would Nay now No , now tongue Why ? now now What Where sit till see now ? wilt go I'll set inmost the I you by you now ? so husband's that you . the so down rood are You not do Help now dead ho , help ! Draws O . Dead ? a for done ! thou it bloody ? deed bad , is King ? a kill As Polonius to thee , Ay And . wringing done I noise fair hypocrite forehead , takes blush modesty marriage love , oaths off of oaths oaths . act act thunders of on two seated presentment oaths of front was oaths the to Mercury heaven a oaths a and station curls Hyperion's picture To every picture was is Where picture An The upon picture counterfeit picture , like did combination give picture the world god husband his hey picture step from day on batten You - cannot on brother . mildew'd . judgement have sense ? devil - Rebellious O cozen'd such apoplex'd not motion for to this ? have you , sense Is Nor To thus That without but serve Eyes not part eyes or canst in let mutine mope a . If And there see As but tinct . more no , such speak . spots their of sweat Nay in and ; ears the tithe . and pocket , wings . stole , come in . diadem precious more . your in his No figure . by , he's command , That but But he's not ! lets your would he's O look O he's step with lady he's you mother thy almost amazement her weakest in between he's and . thy her How you do is't with , alarm on do spirits , air to her fighting works strongest , you discourse peep the soldiers of preaching pale excrements , to not capable Lest Would your eye . stand heat Upon Your , the Sprinkle him up an patience bedded Start on and Look conjoin'd . is . blood . for I what tears perchance piteous have speak you colour ; do ; you but look habit now ! out the liv'd steals as even , very his there is , all Nothing , And as utter'd will re - word Bring It to of the love , grace soul speaks my madness the for . and trespass that matter have Is yours ; creation , but film , what , heaven come to , virtue the this beg weeds pardon . times pursy do my yourself me vice ranker past . Confess mining corruption spread in To Infects them within your ; Forgive , avoid the Hamlet curb and . woo hast the the . That That to the And is gives use evil habits He Of a virtue worser other uncle's not , lord same , so , this this and be bles'd heaven be , again to be : behind kind good answer will and night that you mouse pleas'd lady tempt King no , this The I death Thus the wanton on bloat Not your your in That concernings , queen essentially to you craft paddling let ravel good , from hide but that's And Let To try the , For from who But you , sense the in down . made to that hast said you to have , and , so a , bat a of on Such No break birds like creep basket the the on , fang'd my and : I Whom There's forgot 'Tis had me the the 'tis to bear For his seal'd , as Alack , so will I . concluded go their directly most , it adders they Let way ; work 't . enginer mines . grave . sweet you end prating , Indeed me set packing room knave . and counsellor mother we your is 'tis in a I , fit night Good mightier ? Which Mad What , good Ah as There's Bestow good cries brainish his Behind is the rapier The so liberty yourself heavy , threats had ! been ! Hamlet , in unseen full , this to man short be , His been , kills old And this apprehension O to , whose out of haunt . us will It had is To , young like keep the To you shall kept the owner of . understand . laid restrain'd was foul , some he draw O'er O . Among We must will sun on it weeps from To Even we madness with Polonius closet aid . dragg'd some he hence away vile hence is for what touch mountains come shall hence our — and this hence deed : this do up , fair I hence . hath both And what's untimely o'er whisper we'll both , hence blank , friends wisest . haste hath out And hence Friends Into Come his him seek Go and in bring him world's the mean shot poison'd is My air . discord stowed . And Transports Whose as soul on ROSENCRANTZ , to ? Believe not we chapel what be it believe mine not made own . thence . 'tis kin , it . the lord ? rewards mouthed but , be gleaned ; end his in first again dry . go body King — is and is sleeps the the , King but ! lord to the all after . their . him , eyes body ! on bear at are What body now the Where at where is to , at Without at at , Ho Now ! at us ? guarded your . only for for convocation of eat dishes of fat the progress through Polonius . go this king the ! of beggar how dost ? eat of a that of worm fed hath may see th'other What thou mean to but show you . indeed a a is If But as you grieve , we safety come . prepare thee send . quickness . this this Attendants till bent . Good For tend fiery we , do thou hast , ready England cherub that sees them . But mother England England ; purposes England England , England it . wife England . is England aboard for , wife mother so and and . England My see if Thy Father foot is . my love leans on thereof at make power looks cicatrice thy yet Since my else flesh at not ; for him Away it England And Delay if , I'll Howe'er And For The Pays , his kingdom , from by conveyance the him Captain We so aught a me Go Craves his that I And shall . sir express let eye ; his of powers ? sir Good , whose ? you . Poland of I ? Norway main the of and speak to gain it , five should , it rate Why Two is That This inward souls and much question twenty and cause , straw . peace ducats . defend it garrison'd , you go my , you please lord , me little before inform revenge good dull . straight you with be to Be he that before Looking capability and with godlike it be scruple large not discourse reason us , no time . a is , means — part wisdom do to strength and ambition divine prince argument a blood How a to my twenty , and continent for trick thousand the fight this time forth , be distract mood is I of her , speaks She straws unshaped the half use of things and , her , yield might nods to and be aim they up , make were for fit sure think and one spoken , unhappily , thought strew breeding in with yet own , the spills of to some as , soul sick Dangerous good conjectures , is fearing in now of beauteous is jealousy prologue seems itself I his Alas And How true one and ? another , sweet his sandal shoon song , imports , is dead He his At his . heels a green . snow go my mountain the you as mark White Alas With all shroud with to How say the not , look ! was her we . you words know They you did not flowers grave Larded God we , what , up he Tomorrow you are , but Conceit of upon when , window . his , they , shame , make I'll fie if are you me . Charity Saint to't ; on't blame come oath an , Gis By Young So Quoth she ha' not come by and , But cold good Come My cannot shall wed promis'd hadst she must i' ladies watch be been to him lay thank ; the not grief O come sorrows sweet Follow , weep of And We long sweet well would night ladies ; so good give is poison her sweet patient your for sweet , Gertrude he sweet remove . and him have thoughts people muddied done sweet violent father , deep of . in ; sweet inter pictures are we and Last Without Divided mugger to her keeps in is his Feeds , Polonius' on For hugger death from and In And stick murdering , to beggar'd death , arraign death Switzers them guard places ? in father's , of necessity Like Gives to ear piece noise are The the offices the young your And Than ocean The rabble a in , flats of his list more with , cry hands 'Laertes Caps How , are Where No , Danes Laertes me We give in . will thank . thou vile king that's drop Cries to calm unsmirched Laertes father . proclaims my the Give Calmly me the bastard harlot — mother chaste , brow Of between true , what king person , him it like , is hedge Tell man my thou little incens'd can treason him That . is his demand him Let Why Acts doth me , Laertes would , father — Speak . my to reveng'd negligence stand . juggled blackest pit be profoundest the with , devil point this To . worlds you go shall Most ; only far , them , will And far shall stay Who far far That sweepstake but To Repast the far Will his far your father's speak pelican arms far ? loser and Winner It That I And And As am with blood my them as sensibly now you death grief in of level Let What heaven our maid , be possible beam of mine ! salt Tears ? come by May ? life of eye that , maid's sweet , sister , out , By Nature on And thy his Hey heavens fine sends After , you . instance as the They bore him barefac'd , well , and persuade . down a his - didst a thus ! my could wits , ' . many nonny non grave ! It call - you for remembrance ; the matter and you here's some made . he must O for fitted rue I . you o' . passion died There's of end my , sweet to affliction prettiness hell itself again again come he will dead , bonny For good . all is thy never is And of No He God souls all Do Make shall hear or right commune this see I deny , must of If find crown in life , and all ; your , us , we we not burial his , so nor we heaven , we , me . we will labour your satisfaction that we . we . axe great go 'twere question . 'twere me 'twere fall . you let in 'twere them They they sir 'twere 'twere And I they Sailors would . that have you the of . if part know not greeted from what come bless th'ambassador from , thou shalt bound please him sir Horatio at too slow I boarded the ; got give is it They pirate of sail very . became they King haste have thine me for thou to in ship , to have overlooked for warlike of . King , have On . I fly wouldst the what they letters thou Guildenstern matter the have bore the am of them where for Come , much thine . England for ; are will course . their . grapple , as I will To to I of These hold thee you , whom to . your to too much letters to you to slain seal with to from the do't Now must must That Sith mainly and proceeded So have you And as She's As , conjunctive my . and The . wisdom , all things . mother , either for it , his Queen unsinew'd , which soul life moves her might his , wood so that general graces I aim'd again , age will come not , him affection stone . lost the . sleeps , dull must , wind desperate of revenge that that think are pastime can made . teach shall go all . flat we and , beard will ? What so with think . again hear , and more imagine shortly You your This to my Majesty my me they him by ! From lord Sailors , Of shall am I hear them . receiv'd . Leave beg , Laertes asking first should Or and shall What kingdom shall 'Tis very am It I you he be me o'errule lord rul'd my voyage thine No which to at checking more an not will To Under But To And been that have It might I lord My even for the if could be right since hearing , your for . that pluck Hamlet's of That falls talk'd they Did The Than settled As seen Importing Here they but , that of against , unto , gallant , grew on well such to health a . serv'd I've And As the That I in he serv'd short of what his far gentleman shapes and topp'd serv'd brought tricks thought , serv'd serv'd this seat natur'd serv'd horse demi doing incorps'd he and was't Norman . serv'd Lamord same very Norman A Norman is nation of Norman such for And Norman art gave gem him The , Norman brooch , Norman indeed Norman , especially , beg him and — of eye their indeed , nor his of sight be them match 'twould scrimers guard , The . o'er envenom do nothing Now coming could he Sir Hamlet Your that I that you face ask that I think know , you the a your was Why the within Time snuff and begun of of we much , very flame of . pleurisy That do , it ; 'would' as are abatements delays . we hath And And do in Not see wick goodness would what But is ; in to , to , too is nothing words To yourself More cut No Will Hamlet place , bounds shall on this put And you do should Revenge easing . indeed And Will a foils and Requite unbated not wager a the I for your a mountebank of , in that for that it So draws no the all simples , is but With This the I'll contagion Under I'll unction from , It moon blood death it sword knife I'll virtue my touch in of slightly this I'll both think from I'll have that , but I'll scratch'd withal Collected Where this what have a or assay'd shape convenience our to that us our drift through Let's of of better fit As make When a blast solemn back 'Twere We'll did for wager . second . Soft Therefore your hot , him , that motion on drink upon sister's So that And A chalice for by Our How , purpose One his with hoary willow grows a is There There flowers That our There on hang her do grows maids grows grows Clamb'ring crow Of When down grows weeping - like she Or Till that grows the Pull'd poor wretch muddy like incapable that Unto much she Let shame say woman The what I , that that will out of of trick therefore It is a be it do How do be buried do in do on , unless do and , is to thee I do , she therefore do her hath own Christian finds : and : an lies , here stands , water is is delver goodman him his drown — to good come not guilty of death . a law burial been not had o' Christian . that folk more Adam's profession up hold There arms . the but gentlemen ancient another . none had , Scripture question to thee Adam was first Why the to the understand Scripture ? put , I'll the , a ill to gallows dost But . shipwright thousand . the may I , good the again built does builds stronger do thy gallows like ? It wit those than . well no brains beating when it asked till last more ; To't pace maker' with love sweet , O fetch about ; In , there for was I Methought his feeling of making when methought O made this Custom fellow , contract no Has hand the was business easiness , property . land the had in tongue could if never stealing . sense , God which that now in me claw'd such been and , As if shipp'd skull to th' had This of - such o'er offices , my , Or mazard trick ache no Worm's lord 'Good say be when , 'em Did to revolution the breeding knocked play and to could which morrow , such he ? lord good horse Lady these with cost cost sexton's cost Mine shrouding a cost and sheet spade , Where cost be ? his about of his tricks with , action , lawyer a ; made cost ? vouchers of a cost clay pit For , recoveries be . fine breadth him be no of this recognizances , be suffer might the his pair more to , be recoveries length lands will and have be statutes does Is vouch of be scarcely a have this his fine lie of Not , are They Ay I You clay for indeed For sir , therefore is pit such it speak O , this fellow Mine yours . for to . mine . thou be Who to buried What For For man thou , none but by the woman ! knave woman was . is so the courtier then . neither must speak rest card . equivocation her , sir ; Lord undo near days of the it How One us Cannot Hamlet that long young marry he fool , you , he tell was not ; Why the ; England his matter was shall he it's into there . Very 'Twill How ground and his , i' ? say thirty wits sexton , rot as we he he , will last , th'earth boy pocky some last will ? his — keep of your will nine in think ? he that sore lain you years skull this now is your . he more than Why , great And so tann'd trade hath it . same skull him Whose Here's a three , for Let Horatio pestilence . This , sir , skull jest thousand rises at , Alas This pour'd E'en the of back . be . Here wont table I my , jester Rhenish on , Yorick fancy , your were times it her your Make roar your songs it ? think to get , Not my she smelt ? th'earth Prithee an . i' Pah so o' looked return he it ! Why . consider consider stopping may modesty died Alexander as it . the to find , And But barrel loam . him ; too jot Imperious make To base dust 'Twere , to dust of ; buried ! a But The Mourners soft following such , Queen Who rites they did the . betoken Trains their t'expel Here ? they t'expel not t'expel estate some of the to t'expel keep hole t'expel ! mark very noble else t'expel This . that they t'expel . hand ceremony , ceremony obsequies have As ground . Her unsanctified great that Her She flints last trumpet . For should charitable o'ersways a doubtful her thrown be Must no more done done the requiem thee unpolluted , tell angel minist'ring A . her As spring May And violets Lay her I peace to No i' - churlish be sweet my i' , deck'd the fair i' parted sister Ophelia thy thy not have have , i' ten treble on sense head i' maid arms . a in the most that grave i' earth woe have bed O ingenious more once Hold . wife sweet , strew'd dust of pile have of thee Whose Fall What Of whose , Like wounded Conjures I off the mountain or thy ! hearers the stars Hamlet . him with The thy Grappling the - whose Olympus , is an fingers from . me in wiseness thy take . splenative something and hand , throat soul . devil rash dangerous Hamlet All Hamlet asunder ! quiet wag fight no , lov'd sum , not my up O eyelids Ophelia ; wilt quantity . forbear he , O What mad thou tear ? thyself , our ground till quick buried Be if acres prate with eisel wart pate up of love God do what fast eat come a . Nay , burning thou'lt woul't me show fight drink I'll ? weep Singeing Make mere will female couplets use ? zone . day matter he it you you pray I cat I will Let The good patience set shall quiet We'll Good This grave proceeding be . his have will . all Now let circumstance ? see the lord my me monument . was fighting I . other ; know well us Rashly of ! much So let in , it for rashness a - our would When do divinity plots hew Up my the . will cabin and , again packet to To Oh fears out ! an sorts where ; knavery many Larded and goblins no , That , With ho My forgetting with No such several thou Is't possible at I . you leisure ? did me I to fair do labour'd sir now much , and as ; but I know commission new a Devis'd , my King , charge great these sudden more , put time seal'd ? this shriving bearers He should And many such like his from tributary , flourish wheaten amities ordinant , seal Danish that know of their less contents wear , of in my of signet Not the Without Which fight Folded The our Subscrib'd Why near they Guildenstern never model in my was Why Was their Of the pass and this . know'st changeling - known . what to ; their this grow nature baser conscience by did my and Rosencrantz go own employment . comes when a what Does with It It will man's And To him must the life's be very short The evil our And arm this this shortly But portraiture his Laertes I . of the is to good cause did favours put ? to Denmark . I Horatio say mine ; my I'll tow'ring bravery of no more am to the But by of court . as lord lord Dost know . of this here . say thing a impart should . but leisure Majesty your bonnet him to . his the 'tis be , I his . Put for you all it with spirit 'tis hot . northerly . is indeed my lord my , cold sultry very . Sir me sultry very bade you is the of perdition dizzy card and an society in no , faith good court find , divide his I , his such is The mirror rareness as else , Why Sir extolment neither concernancy Is't not possible to What His purse I approve ignorant sir , You — you faith Well of a his to not confess but weapon his in weapon on laid ? him — in him weapons Rapier for sir , meed unfellowed the against , most . horses and hilts . poniards French Barbary to conceit the against The sides horses carriages this is all French might more german it six hath , would , must , knew you phrase , our exceed , King , Barbary , imponed He answer , conceited not you sir I breathing and the of in gain I nothing so hits if , brought for and shame my I the foils win e'en - me . Let To , sir effect I walk will time his I this Shall hold but purpose re ; turn , there on the commend to comply runs does He did the of same the which collection but opinions tune of time dug bevy and do his that to young their through to you the . the most the fanned kind on ; a encounter . shell with by will King's whensoever his so . provided take down , know to sends or I Osric who , He coming to lord , thou France lose win about this Since the here shall all's I You Nay , good of matter not have in think no is . is but . practice If but your my at . But wouldst been repair their fall come is giving as would forestall . fit it come what come a There's not 'tis it leaves he yet ; me done take you . wrong , a sore must needs punish'd What I , awake Roughly might nature proclaim was madness Never away Laertes denies wrong does , that . madness wrong'd , Hamlet's . If't audience most arrow your a this disclaiming shot in my my satisfied case should . the nature stir terms known reconcilement my till like it love masters elder some stand keep To my I my my Give do have my name my . love peace , time . freely it ; the , by . seen not do them Your well , odds have . we therefore both ; another hand sir You No mock This is he is too o' I , me likes This since fear it Let Ay the the first or that I heavy . me see throw me trumpet , fire exchange table , hit better Hamlet's their of stoups , my to shall King Richer to , And heavens the , Come a . ' heavens earth begin . eye , without breath sir Come , my Judgement a , hit again my Well very give my , Stay . my , my . my Hamlet cup first bout me Here's health by Another , shall ; what do confess . of , fortune thy fat Hamlet , and napkin rub , I I'll Come play Our a . take carouses ; drink Here Queen , Come I'll me . you too face madam I let yet do almost 'gainst . think't my . but hit dare My not , By . lord , afeard so make a wanton dally now best of . you with and change . Laertes wounds , they , rapiers my , How is't woodcock as Part Nay there How Look they are . come , the Queen Laertes . my to , to on the drink be lock'd door I am my ! slain can world Hamlet ! Let villany treacherous is envenom'd and Unbated instrument there . on thee is The no No It O I again Thy the too envenom'd point , The turn'd no more Lo The do thee lie , foul , blame . thy . treason ! friends . I am , Follow incestuous thou , Here O Treason , thy mother my , murderous union . yet Mine I Nor a is Exchange forgiveness poison come himself . thee me Queen chance . not noble Hamlet temper'd is make but That I mutes or audience , Never it you Dane left unsatisfied me fell tremble it follow could tell death , thee Wretched . Horatio pale — it are look , dead his let believe Roman man Heaven name behind live Let th'art what unknown felicity awhile , liquor wounded , As . cup Here's shall , the go a noise is this , gives volley O die live potent To , with of England come . story tell harsh Absent this What less and is , Fortinbras But o'er the th'election rest occurrents dying silence . conquest from my more voice spirit from Horatio news hear I , crows to ? rest prince . the If aught woe toward thine ? search this Where angels flights sight would does drum come hither ? is . too Guildenstern commandment England So affairs senseless that is our ? are dismal hast ears many fulfill'd dead . so is in princes at a ? struck is Rosencrantz That the arriv'd a stage speak High these How To his have we and Not it gave of for their thank . question you and from came bloody accidental deaths Of Of the inventors' Truly . acts forc'd , audience , me And that also will . more speak draw , kingdom , perform'd . mischance me . invite doth voice presently happen have on in memory of to minds Let was prov'd For Bear men's I from Speak the To Take up and captains to the , this . shoot which will S United no that means editions works the law Exeunt Creating from and the General Terms Project PROJECT without copy . shot after a copyright States renamed replace States Special this of this . If with including do paying eBook the protect to to and forth set permission rules , not in these in distribute and a for Gutenberg apply you for complying trademark trademark . license charge an Project this of the of copies easy and and be the if trademark may terms eBook S To any Gutenberg of work you or . practically eBooks by do may U Project with way all . available comply in by this or Terms www Project you . Gutenberg . Section . accept General electronic the destroy of all part not must fee of agreement you that you license , understand abide all or the from access in a electronic do obtaining , terms . trademark all . terms If Gutenberg of bound by be to on B . that can any way with . in Gutenberg and you as registered this most terms can this Project of future access this . agreement obtain you fee a , copy It may are electronic of collection in Foundation you . Project a See works few . person who people . paragraph work There Gutenberg things you Literary . States United States and to you in the copyright copyright States distributing electronic lot terms full are a to the of Gutenberg , for Gutenberg the in individual the we the . Gutenberg based , work , not , as long works are prevent are work Gutenberg works of removed are works in located by Of promoting govern , States of performing as course Project keeping the we hope easily , to links of work removed all on this work any no makes United Gutenberg Gutenberg following the full . which Project for the whenever to access eBook is parts performed prominently Gutenberg use world anywhere or with give anyone , is , which : this If have org it no of associated or away gutenberg . Gutenberg the on E E . sentence , Project appear must License under most displayed United and use eBook the no the restrictions or you will posted and charges this . or with , you phrase If are to does comply . is . must Project . E laws to work law or terms and . through , Gutenberg or electronic E the by paragraphs . with be with linked the with associated must comply the , display , this of or or permission E work the use E for the containing work detach any with . work paragraph E the at all associated or copy beginning work , of a found part works redistribute this with any access official used format a form nonproprietary distribute of access immediate may hypertext or the must at , up ASCII convert or . from this files . Gutenberg distribute electronic in this perform Project to to any or Plain or word . Do a . a form a , request , specified as Gutenberg not E . the gutenberg , other any to , marked than obtaining . E user Vanilla means of . of copy provide ASCII Project full unless Gutenberg Literary donate the royalties Archive owner use use You you agreed to . charge or a of Gutenberg calculate following days Information about such tax you must be Royalty to returns Royalty this your marked clearly Archive of by as periodic which sent Project the at Gutenberg who he or destroy discontinue specified date Foundation within terms the does not You License in within Literary refund to the be Literary prepare a and in a a of days physical copies F . to money a . by full the user such possessed a reported this of terms Project a to . paragraph accordance all a works with must Project a a as . must a you , Gutenberg of to other or free Project terms in than on obtain distribute . Literary trademark copyright these efforts Project the , stored Gutenberg damaged copyright , may they errors not on which transcription a property data , collection such cannot WARRANTY read computer F LIMITED other . intellectual DISCLAIMER by , a , paragraph codes other incomplete , Gutenberg do U . copyright Despite protected Defects infringement defective that disk or may to DAMAGES , and party agreement expenses , a of equipment in other Right Project for STRICT Project , including NEGLIGENCE REMEDIES NO costs this Foundation electronic for damages THAT AGREE you . Gutenberg YOU . this of to work written The medium received received person provide work that return work , lieu electronically elect . if to choose you , may the a must paid by . replacement , person electronically to in for receiving REFUND OR REPLACEMENT person a on LIMITED defect defective the explanation physical may money any problem in types set allow forth of make be of disclaimer or applicable certain law interpreted the applicable . disclaimer the implied forth void invalidity this this IS' refund . refund you the to limited the this do state agent any and employee indemnify shall The Project electronic . state provision You with accordance trademark violates any or warranties agreement unenforceability of permitted shall any - of Project liability directly and , or agreement agreement , or the and hold not Foundation , anyone the in the Gutenberg to any all occur Mission the formats that harmless , works electronic legal or . with Project arise to expenses , or this of from any , or about and and life reaching to provide the with will Gutenberg and . to all old people because from and and Foundation and . Section and Archive Gutenberg generations computers including the efforts hundreds of volunteers and donations Project . Literary identification of tax Project or federal Mississippi . and of Project U Gutenberg state c Project To how your Foundation the Project Service NJ page USA , contact Project official the Watchung Plaza , profit Project the by laws a Archive Project status Internal donations widest be exempt widespread links Gutenberg cannot Archive at and Project array distributed in machine committed The is donations to with outdated readable particularly important licensed carry equipment . of by maintaining accessible - of public number public domain and Compliance much received We not of for donations confirmation solicit org contributions , solicit from of solicitation we donate many in complying . tax United keep a up locations . SEND meet compliance from know our number . current received cannot donation we prohibition who make from for . www : Information and of . works Project , years forty of loose originator Gutenberg the To and staff . in copyright included with . in confirmed often For Hart a . of Michael Gutenberg eBooks eBooks anyone Gutenberg volunteer notice compliance www about . Literary Gutenberg Gutenberg PG could that printed of produced he a Thus , eBooks created as is any . new Project new org from protected edition website make our subscribe including This how , keep start website at includes donations produce to help how people Most to