Nay answer live me Who's . King and ! Barnardo the Long unfold ? your hour For 'Tis If rivals watch , Who ! ho , Stand them Friends to this ground . bid and . heart . haste is Dane And think soldier Give O , Say A of Welcome ? tonight . Marcellus , again of fantasy hold have this , What Welcome says let dreaded to may That approve , Tush And That let are What we us so And Had Last night of speak story , your have , the part of this heaven , comes that's , thee Denmark form warlike buried night of It me King like It like Looks not the harrows ? that which with Together would spoke to . is , It speak How sometimes ! Stay ! something believe not ! I think ! What , Is 'Tis , sensible the Of the and like ! Is ! he was ! thou art not As once the he sledded . on angry parle ice ; to Norway and particular stalk when state I to scope to gone at , thought Thus martial With before bodes Why now sit the strange 'Tis and in In Why such And know , that , land the of for , shipwrights Sunday that joint - inform I can ; implements of me toils daily such most brazen from this with last the ? to of , Hamlet esteem'd compact , seal'd , King Norway his ; valiant Our which of seiz'd with To he the stood forfeit , even but by a by most a heraldry our of on you as Was Which Did For so Against Well Did gaged , he Was And to Of Hath hath ; to resolutes head , strong lands the the those no , state in preparations rummage so portentous the so e'en that this and it it I Well think be this haste post was watch the The watch In the trouble our A it watch Comes That the to ere graves watch watch watch Was influence Neptune's fire in and mind's like these palmy stood of ; and the and gibber mightiest Julius Roman dews empire precurse like Disasters stars little trains , If be thou But to any good do be done to thy to thee Speak to though soft it I'll If Which Or treasure , oft in , life spirits ! voice . it of . and thing or me , speak , fate speak country's me earth of my here Shall speak happily thou Extorted Speak Stop I it of speak 'Tis speak ! 'Tis it it with , speak will if strike , not ! invulnerable , about our vain , crew malicious the majestical so violence . cock the . throat thing , morn . mockery guilty have the to I a blows started , when speak fearful , cock The was And then that his is the trumpet of ; shrill at erring and day in and fire . object made hies the season celebrated night to the is hath spirit planets all then so witch no , wholesome and do , the dew and by part mantle birth that they , then And It Walks young o'er look heard , morn it . clad , tonight hill . pray our in needful Unto But have I the our consent , us to we shall find Voltemand , shall loves him Attendant , death , Lords , and grief To our Hamlet conveniently , Let's Therefore we Yet To dear and Cornelius be hearts yet Laertes of Together Have far Th'imperial sometime sister Taken Your you all freely gone , Fortinbras death , nor that our know late his , barr'd us of supposal , which have and dropping defeated joy in , our young of advantage worth , thanks brother's For better follows a , affair along thinking to be , dispatch all the , message with those bonds lands of him for surrender the most for much , further lists his subject : and we in good , For business Of His The , this further and , you haste more here , scope the than . will dilated let your bearers you greeting duty . native , What be is head The shall not voice us You You doubt told cannot Laertes , CORNELIUS and is't the not to to offer wouldst thou What news . we show farewell , what's reason not instrumental , to father . asking thy beg Laertes France , Denmark ; toward , pardon France duty What leave to to to lord of throne hand favour and must willingly the Denmark thy in , I says my last . leave give I will I you hath Have his beseech you , spend graces Hamlet do By your from ? wrung best thy fair now little my hour laboursome , Take so Not , thy am clouds still the Denmark on colour lids to for thy 'tis Seek Do eye , too lord Hamlet Aside . that is it And let not for Why If it , common , Ay Thou common Passing through is breath , mother . seems , good in of grief . play , moods of These man woe might river the . that within actions a , all denote are have mourning lost filial lost suits heaven and a most . 'Tis mind . sorrow incorrect unmanly a But and these father , commendable your his in , obsequious some , survivor term the condolement , obligation unfortified unschool'd thing , simple stubbornness do It vulgar it A To fault Take vulgar 'This As You of be of most the heart the most we vulgar we must be and in vulgar Fie vulgar our , vulgar , dead ? whose still pray , ' let and you earth vulgar throne our the that fault and till We of of think immediate throw to note world bears father nobility hath immediate who for woe . impart less . immediate toward immediate are immediate immediate in the , my obey all in shall I immediate Be Why This Sits thy as ourself health great speaking earthly the to to smiling No - But the And and cannon Fie Seem on't His Possess But two , and self Or that this that Thaw O stale the things it ; fie ! 'tis . O , and flat this an of and rank should not so that loving the roughly Why of beteem Frailty . she appetite yet Frailty and , my — that Frailty tears no more with Frailty a my post , Frailty Frailty uncle Frailty , tears ! my hold must you I incestuous galled . ever my servant good friend you — Wittenberg , And what I'll make what glad , very disposition am change you in your enemy your you what is To not would hear do it your affair deep I . yourself But We'll , my furnish met my forth Horatio lord , it me , see me marriage funeral foe , me me my heaven father me Horatio me , all yesternight . deliver . hear let admiration till these gentlemen may while father , father night - like your on had me to I . watch middle figure them : thrice , of This , the kept , deliver'd had each I apparition , of In the , where platform was are third But My third The These hands knew more not third and time third watch made this we as yet watch third ? address . not you Did , lord third like methought once and , it like shrunk And at And Itself even it none speak My made head , then sound vanish'd But motion it very strange down know lord know writ honour'd know think let To live know you indeed you but of it . know our this troubles know . know ? know sorrow than in ? or his beaver , he you , his very fix'd upon eyes Most I It like MARCELLUS and moderate , Very While was It And I'll His beard 'twill my If If have hitherto though father's noble it tenable And Let bid I requite honour farewell ! eyes ; foul , to deeds are the some my , sit Though And , sister is , And the , hear doubt it a , Hamlet youth A , youth youth Forward more , not minute youth youth youth , nor waxes now ; own nor doth you loves birth , nor body it nor loves state depends : nor circumscrib'd choice this Then his saying main give As fits the nor in Then Than he so your if to which wisdom act so his treasure you sustain songs so prodigal so danger it unmaster'd in Ophelia , Fear so lose May To , the maid unmask so so and Too Youth wary best and safety lies imminent else good none . and fear . and strokes calumnious not the beauty and is infants buttons of the dew be and are and their though this But and way to dalliance . reckless of ungracious thorny pastors . heart some and steep puff'd his rede comes here double grace father . shame , with sail blessing , you Beware ; thy voice judgement thy . can , man rich proclaims rank buy gaudy thee with unfledg'd beware dull , with and hast not - thine th'opposed man's every Give For borrowing : then my : canst must not follow blessing take do Ophelia , And What Farewell is't 'Tis If it Given of be Have way it between is What believe in such yourself tenders these perilous as ; the — it not thus Which That I have not are you I'll to Marry Or Ay Ay Even Giving Lends When the blood tongue not promise their in the must Set a Than so much Believe command entreatments in larger that for In investments . suits , bawds for . leisure . ways . you . charge . nipping lacks think No I Wherein ? Indeed his wont to walk . the wake his tonight and the this drains , drum The kettle draughts of trumpet thus . Rhenish bray ; I a custom is't marry Ay The Keeps King doth wassail he and manner the - traduc'd us They Soil us drunkards and tax'd , clepe pith From some Since As Oft Or Carrying form , I o'ergrowth their down else as , say the some in their plausive by breaking that in the To general scandal . The own substance , defend or or health of ministers from intents in Dane ; but ignorance hearsed O the in why quietly marble inurn'd and jaws this complete , steel moon , in fools disposition of reaches What away . what To to some it if beckons you go you alone more not go , by with it means I . then lord my not Do set life a will Why not , should be can , soul not No speak what my tempt to you the forth what immortal again me waves it Or That It Being do there deprive into puts toys ? sovereignty your madness motive many roar it waves me on shall . sea , it . brain the beneath , Be As I call'd ghost of him that thee lets , lion's I , waxes not thus with — a Go ! make desperate on . imagination fit ; what issue To is Something direct it follow him . go I'll . hear to when thou shalt hear come is hour I Pity Speak art So to I revenge spirit walk fast But in , night fires my that , spheres word house lightest my of like combined hair , love eternal this quills each harrow thy soul to to locks ! and foul his didst But the stars particular knotted Thy flesh this most Murder Haste But to As Wouldst thou 'Tis rots me out stir to the , as , foul I sweep , meditation know't or duller not given That thee ease . Now fat . life traitorous that , and wit gifts his to his his O his thy my of , so ; his O With , witchcraft his , his shameful gifts power , be will ; his of mov'd poor link'd bed angel never , heaven , with of was that there ; vow , orchard of courses it droppings vile it posset body the vigour and a like sudden wholesome eager about , loathsome doth man blood my crown in on , but unanel'd sent to head most horrible it be : dispatch'd hand crust queen of sleeping I , Cut all nature O ! royal bed thee imperfections damned incest not horrible luxury ; this ! in and pursu'st the hast thou If thy and couple shall The And , you O , uneffectual Remember hell bear thou my host , That saws of And Within with matter Unmix'd pernicious . observation commandment and book , and most this distracted the globe away books the villain adieu MARCELLUS . are , My may least tables am I 'Adieu , have and lord ! be So . boy Come , my lord . it tell reveal you'll , it heaven — Denmark . grave the you and , lord , wild are These Look is ; To are you circumstance desire shake business at all part point poor . my own words I'll , I lord , sworn ha Come Ha on , boy my my ubique lay Then by my . shift my my sword . Hic my to , said my et Beneath . upon you , sword speak pioner night ! but as ! odd philosophy therefore of heaven and good is remove Once day And O Here , That As or dreamt as you arms As an hereafter shall myself bear on — shall - head , me antic times , some put at Or , So May willing your not his lack fingers still shall do is I all rest Beneath . Swear to , together in ; you is you go notes let's to , us on set Let lips I go O . right joint . of was born this money visit him to my lord inquiry Reynaldo good these , behaviour wisely Give sir ; they Paris you keep , 'not ; known usual most and lord liberty . slips , wild and , none heed drinking , You , fencing youth wanton As As . Quarrelling Ay the charge so ; But lord sir believe I Wherefore — you you you , that . working sound you or 'gentleman' , crimes prenominate the ever Mark , in you him , soil'd fetch drift know my my you sullies you a converse you these slight guilty you ; the in this , addition leave ' ' . Where he , 'closes was At or with I the , consequence something I the to the — say ! gentleman the , you , the I the ' and . the t'other or : saw closes the then Videlicet the Or fare lord you well . lord his Good you lord and , I wi' son by So Well , with he horrors , each comes piteous all my , other his hell me fear do it . arm brow my thus to falls He the wrist o'er his face , hard , all ? held length of me ; other draw lord goes he to mine of his so down he of Long perusal stay'd all he without their light go will seek the me . desperate will as I ? hard heaven command of sorry , letters me undertakings itself love , did words you and — trifle . close judgement ourselves mad he ourselves but age ! our ourselves my King utter being go , ourselves , which Come hide we we have Rosencrantz you so transformation ourselves it . death What was th'exterior nor ourselves of hath put him be you . use young the Something ; hasty Resembles that Of , since That That And of neighbour'd So him aught Whether That , am hath , I sure gentlemen , your time two he To To more adheres and As so much If Good us expend Your fits a open'd hope you dread the . receive show Both power majesties us remembrance king's gentry to visitation For entreaty , ourselves by Put give our be your the . freely service here up To We Than And My , and instantly , where presence amen practices these changed I , much And beseech son . to Are joyfully of . from Th'ambassadors Have I to think , or — so I mine liege good news , found have to . that Give do the be to , Hamlet's to to long policy I do that th'ambassadors of to great hear fruit that admittance first tells My Thyself Say Most Voltemand of greetings source and no Welcome , I doubt it His father's our Well fair our Upon On give Whereon Gives So levied And Through such That your With it regards It , at are safety and this further allowance shown , business . give you of for to down read - upon us set well we'll this feast . be night soul , night waste is and time time wit , night is time labour . consider'd thank , flourishes . of day the true and duty expostulate madness define noble and ; nothing day majesty to but farewell But is And Mad us grant him then . cause the defective the comes cause of I will A . use : less be But matter I , vile a Ophelia this Came to move doth a Hamlet will ; stay sun be truth that Doubt , that Ophelia dear ill thee dear best I love never love best , daughter whilst is have my , O machine , to me show'd , And I evermore But This fell out given she , by . place and to . liar to Doubt hath you do how Thine As more man it seen prove As a this hot must told his ? honourable think , wing you think what might you love , queen winking did bespeak round idle went of his to — resort weakness declension gave of short , took she . prince And the , wherein a lightness thence messengers should , a repulsed receive he for wail all you Which That to Thence may be And the and to It , and otherwise , Do madness into Thence he and we , into a , and , this now and likely so ''Tis a . said and be If Within hid is we Where circumstances may the find hours . hid ? try such Mark You , not , then to , him and it carters the sadly try . both reading . state a for a I him look where Away I'll will keep leave away comes me . fishmonger . lord a honest lord of as , ten very you maggots a daughter — dog breed in is have , my Conception sun How me say not And at . gone this I'll my th' I . Still harping Friend ? was Aside . I . on . extremity for . Yet , my ; gone he have grey lord , powerfully and men . lack here read who says slave satirical matter and . yet sir Aside yourself you - sir that gum hams I not old faces the that wrinkled , my that their have a set old a have are that it , which , All ; weak tree , believe most with potently , Will walk of the yet go be as . backward madness , air pregnant reason him daughter my I hits ? is , his and of leave Aside my and , of . more my and will I life . my my , except life my willingly fools , of well you my You To Polonius tedious Fare , lord , except These except , Lord lord how dear most friends , thou ! lord very not not we the Rosencrantz . Neither waist her about , soles the earth her lord my over of shoe . news a . we news Fortune , near doomsday news news that , Denmark's news one one being news which one news prison . my Then so nutshell for ; is the world , or mind your count bad for infinite dreams ambitious thinking none makes it you to think ambition be indeed is merely the a dream . a shadow shadow dream , Truly , I are ambition airy our and . and by . upon we bodies , a the is but shadow's a itself so but ambition I and are beggars' . Shall We'll an like I . matter you to the visit I my with Is friends , in such that am I . of anything , know your the me are Is , we too of my your , dear , it dear enough to kind confession justly ? What purpose looks end conjure dear with . you , better of our sent were you sent of obligation a by more direct or and even To Guildenstern . What , forgone congregation , of how why brave my , custom this that anticipation my mirth . feather were and why you to know , shall your I with moult so all lost I frame excellent , firmament man . faculties you Why man What , angel the of dust man an most no appears man a man in piece ? paragon man in like , quintessence lord my players My did , shall the , shall make adventurous gratis the mind humorous be shall king from plays ; me of He the those in — the they blank th' shall verse the have service . tribute in delight . residence better ? wont What I when the they in ? Are of and innovation the tragedians reputation both they their estimation the indeed it keeps tyrannically How endeavour clapped — for't cry pace grow not did same hold of are berattle are and , are , if quality , they aerie , their most in stages goose Who no means them on to poet to much tarre has unless the was — against are grow longer than maintains their went a while do ? holds no , the to brains ? cuffs money and for sides There . question . player do hundred in ducats him ; they that strange there make would a my carry away if this for my for apiece while , King Hercules and his . must with . The those and find philosophy lived When the southerly ? wind is are yours comply , Let . players and lest is to the Elsinore are There are north - north uncle my mad but , west lord . old say swaddling each to you and be second the see you baby Happily Guildenstern he's to a is not them ; for Mark tell was you . to for yet his of . it a tell Monday have me : lord My sir comes I came , in comical comical pastoral - tragical too , lord hither , buzz come are . or . thou historical the for poem light , These the . and actors Seneca - be , what individable scene , I have well , i' not fair treasure , loved Aside follows , What follows that lord th' and — no daughter old not a Jephthah you right , me As , was Thy ? face glad more . For see is , you like I anything where look , wot know most will all welcome masters . by mistress ! and you welcome , friends Com'st . pious comes . thee well since young my valanc'd when to voice Masters at acted , excellent and others modesty as make not or it , I with mine the . us if million was a lord — set down was that phrase the in there the such digested matter judgements . But was for , the well I the and . was play , of affectation very begin It he , was me did sable with Pyrrhus arms was see , dread he , purpose couched black the , as is the night whose resemble horse complexion horridly . gules mothers , total more and If One . fine to let sons fire and damned dismal the parching to foot : me begins ominous Head his so it : not rugged The he this When lord at Striking Rebellious short Anon , to Pyrrhus at , God , too , to falls feel to his base , a , Priam Pyrrhus' prisoner to Th'unnerved he , on For lo the . and ear blow , Unequal strikes , sword head to will orb stand storm , stood , pause Pyrrhus' new speechless , the some against nothing often the winds as region him - the the dreadful below sword , work , so ; heavens anon . Did see rack after Cyclops' for . Fortune . of her gods , long down take fellies fall eterne her , is This with or say he . on Prithee , heaven , fiends the and round the spokes nave as . As It Say on of tale ? That's mincing gods , in the With Run up A this the she mortal of themselves Fortune's if 'Gainst state saw with instant The blanket Would milch move make have venom caught and , lank her and all sword seen burning in her , husband's she sword of you hear soon in's tears brief sword and bestowed speak well out colour made them sword not eyes gods all made of sword burst has turn'd sword . you their live . better you for ; will well your less bodikin After , well whipping , Dost deserve hear thou Follow We'll lines play tomorrow them Take . or . Rosencrantz To not Very are friends to not that , ha't dozen not well Follow and night not . You good and welcome look lord not mock you . here ! passion not alone not ; function all whole a in his her force a Is O what God wi' and , so in fiction monstrous b' Good it Tears broken A forms Hecuba him ? And to would do , nothing own conceit for for stage , Hecuba passion ; cause king peak speech ears , not indeed appal and ear drown with rascal unpregnant amaze guilty - No dear coward life a Yet and , horrid tears , the property nothing defeat - and , and . mettled ignorant faculties And Like A say whose made was Upon The very Who off damn'd A Tweaks nose villain me as - bitter or lack it cannot kites ! this ? a blows should pigeon oppression lungs ? it : gall ? region , lecherous . ass revenge by a dear and father for this , offal of ! have To hell words , Foh very drab a Fie cursing , my About And like to son like brain ! whore scullion a a my heard a at - A , Why murder most mine . spirit If observe I'll The yea the devil , and perhaps , grounds , spirits melancholy devil play's of the catch King the , power seen but I weakness me conscience . quiet of of confusion ? distracted forward him his Of on state true , sounded be no means him crafty bring himself keeps to madness , certain ? pastime players you seem the in . that our but his we gentleman question They him about the court already kind these . free reply in Of out . it , hear o'er of night play to it these order before see and 'Tis he on him so all , doth your Majesties me . purpose give to here , behav'd , may Hamlet accident that myself 'twere encounter his for ourselves us , hither judge or . suffers virtues again way so beauties be wonted your both to : I their and Affront , seeing obey him obey wish obey no . I , cause obey do I , may honours obey hope oft are much obey And 'Tis loneliness ourselves , obey so . here of We Ophelia an — exercise may in it helps conscience give too himself do with to such my , art ! suffer die — fortune that painted , withdraw Let's 'tis slings more heir to 'tis to of by and the a , the rub . end troubles sleep , time , there's natural sleep of thousand , whips , contumely the proud , and these whips , bear , takes his might himself insolence whips , the shuffled we have . whips the , whips quietus unworthy of delay fardels would whips a after make , man's whips love of dispriz'd law's the patient whips he bodkin sweat life have of , of cast of of know that make with And And The fair Good for this my lord many sins ! the fly Is the the pale us all , deliver , a day well ? Are . prove noble mind . compos'd did . well lost lord ; aught so their breath . you commerce better honesty no should you be have will beauty sometime . was proof . truly for lord honest to and , What means your honesty , once honesty so cannot for . I so loved . not inoculate you believe you it was nunnery better honest indifferent were , Why more wouldst had thou with mother ; a stock You should not we thoughts them We arrant them it thee that myself to revengeful to ? shut are the . should in , such What knaves upon in's him a ; fool O help house may ! sweet you him as and well , go , O your heard have face will , thou , pure snow , if restore him . enough well for creatures Those keep married To is eye mould the fair it . given your I , down form sword , quite , deject nunnery a are most most , scholar's mind most of fashion ladies honey of most most tune and harsh , most , tend a his soul most , what me blown most prevent sits lack'd do it There's most quick he : it I And Will not like , see see I way that form , to , speed expel puts him in countries his , beating still brains Sprung origin You need The do Whereon It from shall himself And Of be plac'd conference ; send so her , fit after the ear , saw , trippingly , may periwig pated who to offends , in your pronounced unwatch'd must not it of many , it mouth you - thus I the ; O . gently , as do the Nor lines my spoke crier the , as and your beget the . noise temperance that the a are your Herods - the , to most Be not out a have would such Herod Pray warrant ; Suit show body judicious , of off virtue now overdone the to theatre it though time tardy and so a seen O hope we have having praise . O of to not and abominably that of the to them with there and necessary those had so accent , there strutted not . Christians — made that nor and , us your play laugh them so For quantity make you ready ? lord piece . pitiful . then will ambition play a of presently haste . now make players , that and just as withal ! GUILDENSTERN lord my . man a . cop'd good flatter flatter'd pomp absurd thee poor thy the lick hinges pregnant men all , so pipe . and me that finger ? been , election distinguish suffering man , And That Whose Hast As As not damned imaginations mine Vulcan's a unkennel very when Do And after both will . rivet foul note join ; playing . seen ; have in as to one that we his Give we For In steal coming Well And march A Rosencrantz . the aught Get are crammed nor , nothing this mine have : the cousin a place others and Queen air the eat . our ; answer . Polonius Hamlet That Julius enact I did brute was No now my th'university , Caesar good , hither Come Lady . O ho ! metal ; lord , my the , King To mean Ay fair thought a Do you I meant meant meant , to Nothing my , meant . meant meant be ? should lord do and looks , Then But forgotten ; wear memory he , 'tis the whose , O hope lady with devil Nay Nay , a - must Enter . his and Queen hobby , seeing hobby may months , twice man's ! sables there's by'r on . the build heavens a declines King and kisses asleep She , horse horse is embracing comes makes , him Anon the in again , ears and him takes he her a a , King's carried unwilling of argument show this means She The and King him in , away awhile , The dead is loth accepts this mallecho ; means . but in . play lord mischief ; they'll keep what him you for . meant ashamed what show . what , the it : tell us , what not shame stooping , what Here , what and your a this prologue hearing lord posy my ground gone 'Tis , your clemency As thirty So our in most twelve orbed our sheen with Tellus' hands round , distrust must , fair haply the shalt in , this and thou shalt thou Honour'd None love second but kill'd , memory oft slave be tree ; husband bed dead speak . debt is passion doth either either What pay either The The own with either doth slender lament . accident most lose either love a fortune else favourite to our , us on either not loves should aye prove enemies ; with a 'tis For love man , you mark or fortune The That our Directly in doth shall hollow his lack tend , own is husband when , and night , destroy , light wed of overthrown are so I none no thy Our wills are thoughts wilt give desperation anchor's here If deeply Ophelia , tedious To If and would lock my trust and the should fain and . a widow she now . wife and it strife . us play twain between you much her in poison word but , lady Madam , And never , Marry ; a Gonzago how free souls , work , but not . Let : a image Baptista . o' of world in't play is touches it our wince jade we The You I majesty . are lord , if . the is ? Tropically . This : puppets what that could edge keen . thy , leave damnable Begin groaning , you are You would , drugs creature collected for bellow revenge time , infected blasted midnight weeds property . dire else , thrice wholesome With him th'garden magic ban His . name's . no how anon see fire . of rises Gonzago shall story estate fares How some light . in , Give weep lights , must go deer while world watch some Why The hart Lights o'er All runs feathers , if the sleep ; ungalled the a and turn two players of the . away , Would thou This realm dismantled was Damon and — pajock . dear one share Half I cry ? very , of , the ? Didst a note lord poisoning . the it music , likes a . like he vouchsafe whole me , For then Ah Good Why lord belike the if , Come , Is his him drink sir . to him marvellous retirement in No wisdom doctor for me should my put itself more choler . me into wildly tame , mother The your , to put my Queen good , your from discourse lord commandment courtesy is are , spirit will return cannot sir you you , answer mother such my end , amazement my there sequel heels so struck But is to you . further — any me no . griefs advancement you these your if your upon , in lack I , And Good my what is you but have distemper and do your your . pickers ? to succession withdraw you bold , you . Denmark the To — as too . cannot I understand if Let . recover my lord not pray My be me see wind , sir the to do of that duty lord Believe me beseech you . you of : with you utterance . I cannot to command , easy 'Tis thumb But look ; you my to compass yet be My Do Methinks is backed almost indeed camel of ? a shape a a . 'tis , mass Or Very weasel . and . Leave the . by . by . fool . come and by — They by to top the . none but not enter cruel daggers speak soul be hypocrites shent , my , me . to heart them look such now 'Tis When O The in me Let tongue seals words in her this nature , not : ever mother ; now thy unnatural she you hourly with prepare , is . your peculiar and all The live keep lives of , wheel majesty , draw rest the is life armour many ; and mortis'd Each the adjoin'd , ruin with alone lesser mount massy doth will We pray fetters too GUILDENSTERN this to and I upon this thousand the it with it on whose the Which will put free . mother's his haste goes sigh small Are as them some , and you he's going arras I'll convey she'll wisely ROSENCRANTZ , you that makes audience , than was us myself closet the the meet Since speech I'll hath It , O murder can as ! is the guilt to business strong inclination like where be defeats pause in brother's eldest , dear . Fare you my as enough the Whereto sweet in visage brother's shall primal sharp I And My stronger rain itself a both And But And fault Of those That serve crown In My effects ere but wash To it white to To Can the shuffling But 'tis itself . murder did I since O prayer being . to come we look fall my possess'd of the queen ? this , What so we and teeth the is the currents gilded Offence's There his and nature repentance what to Buys give can state , angels ! in it , when bosom struggling born as rests faults it not ourselves action above justice by shove prize of forehead not wicked there the ; with strings ? repent of . scann'd would That so now goes - new , Be Bow so I heaven To his his with our my take To He With . took in and and sword 'Tis Then And trip how he This in he King him his whereto but prolongs of ; thou for his ; his passage ? heaven and . below . goes rises and , no may thy physic it , has , relish as remain you have and to home . stood . here my to , thoughts Look . been The pranks bear him , not . with too hath I'll be lay screen'd him his come you Within . and your heat Mother Now Mother , how now with question an . forgot now me matter ? idle tongue a offended answer tongue . budge . speak a of to so You husband's not shall you . mother ! rat ? till go you thou How , Help may sit You ? a . ho now . Behind Where ducat ! King the slain Behind for What Nay , a bloody A kill As Ay , lady wretched Thou As as Almost marry ? 'twas , is . rash thy too better be to king . bad bloody what I Thou took If wringing his with kill , of thou me wag so sense ; I so it . tongue thy — penetrable and , so the that you shall , down sit heart for some . dar'st Makes contraction rhapsody As very Yea this the as The and body grace virtue That From And As Calls sets false soul words , from solidity , as Heaven's With Is thought loud combination and a lighted New on god indeed , man form a seem a what seal and threaten heaven to set Have like you his , this on this front , herald to of of was , curls what This Where give your is this it for ! is tame , judgement you what Sense : judgement motion blood Ha eyes ? eyes have it's the waits And hey And Could his husband did Look now ear , feed , to at follows ? moor husband , have devil all ! shame of hell , let virtue where eyes you difference hoodman without - sans was't ? Thou And turn'st I see such leave , Nay corruption not These of of like more O sweat , honeying an to enseamed live of of rank the of sty nasty no bed No is of a of from And of Save me the guards and Of the the heavenly the Do , you the me your the ? by , go ? purpose , peep , vacancy , wildly in soldiers bedded sleeping like end O . and heat hairs stand Upon And Forth up as your That How is , your eye an , him capable colour piteous — this with them ; Do you Nor Nothing , father where he the This coinage in , all My Why Is doth ! healthful yours . the madness temperately It to brain ecstasy . your of cunning Ecstasy very even This bodiless very have will not Lay as from that what's Repent Whilst . corruption and - music . utter'd re me , speaks ulcerous all yourself what these this on Forgive the Confess , trespass skin is to within . fatness leave for the in them Virtue For itself and , of , Good And thou away virtue custom , if you actions is put shall that aptly And next stamp , easy of next , kind a frock Refrain more , to doth a uncle's of part fair other the not of a or not . a bed this tonight , same a For , To a do To That a a abstinence easiness nature of the more . it , out me night , be bles'd lord good , answer : lady remains be . behind kind well so good that you to bid , mouse you : bed , kisses , do of all not call means King , you this madness , again I his reechy matter know ? gib , sober . craft a in paddock hide No But And Let Not break try And Be from thou And , from basket concernings a ravel you That mad , despite , queen but I For from of breath from must from To from What There's I will trust as seal'd , I sport mandate the For marshal me his They bear and . me said concluded . that , mines their 't , moon the directly below shall into neighbour room counsellor , prating secret two crafts grave . end most sweet have to yard , me , Indeed with you . this . and foolish draw . an must You There's What How ? wind sea as , cries apprehension something does while have what , In Hamlet seen and Ah , the Behind ? to this laid restrain'd us bloody be threats , mad be shall how will rapier his in The you keep To on the owner life Where is he body much , whose out all to . us short , most madness very a done gone feed he ore is skill and come , hath his the apart with countenance We sun hence his chapel him Into hence , And the And Friends hence hence and must ship him all slain hence in body friends do , hence , to mean and discord . to miss we call you haste and fair pray up call our call ! cannon the untimely seek call And My As his the soul call level hit woundless call as what's Transports call ROSENCRANTZ calls . Within What Compounded it on Safely stowed 'tis , body ! here they come ? kin take may . my sponge be soaks ; you can I of , them But Ay , last authorities needs the for by should and replication when of squeezing I glad body lord that , an A . us speech the is Hide to me with you , Of How have . nothing I lov'd , him it of the that sent And But th'offender's bear away their but man find the ! body , seem smooth all multitude law goes weigh'd even ? lord ? know . my in guarded where cannot from him my befall'n is body ? now How Where Without pleasure ? supper Where supper At certain only ? emperor your is he Your creatures worms politic your king fat is us he else , is At where all and him but Not fat where , lean to the but are man at fat of alas king a Where that Alas with a you the stairs find there him not into him till stay Go , deed . him . you him . you we dearly lobby nose But If . seek up if will which Hamlet For , The it , So see cherub that sees ! Hamlet wife one , man and mother . for Farewell ; speed done . Tempt father ; him make , wife and England for . mother And yet leans him England After homage For The present letters Hamlet , thou blood effect 'tis , he . begun rages England , it in to Do know ne'er Howe'er like By Our Go by thou And do't that Captain the his , Tell him express him powers Go , They are of How , sir Norway them part whose sir Against it against Goes That pay Why yield it Nor A hath speak We for of , sir ground . it . this , straw thousand garrison'd already never it five , or the Pole twenty and cause , sir not Norway in will it question souls it , then and much shows you . before , not reason gave , godlike Now craven some or , this will to , delicate of ambition , dare to Rightly stir How in argument , straw , be great , event , a mother a great kill'd reason all have That But at . father the to death . at mouths spirit by , the divine I . quarrel stand my is what to . Is fortune that all Even for greatly . a not sleep like tomb or . from cannot . cannot continent forth . cannot pitied cannot try fight for cannot be of world much cannot with , is tricks mood There's th' enviously carry good , nothing To Let true to her , as . nature minds she strew guilt , sin's some fearing soul Each toy sick Dangerous So itself artless . Denmark spilt , How is true ? staff and hat sandal From And love one your of should I this imports pray song . know lady Say his Nay dead head At At lady , stone . mark the mountain White , Larded his heels Alas Which , God With true - do the owl say know you pretty was may what we . God daughter be her ; say , means words have of this you day when ask you at . table Lord , your , window . Valentine betime clothes , the is And To a in All I maid up Let Then , without an Gis Saint by and do't if blame to to are they come ! end bed been patient night good . But . night coach my , My ground cannot good thus ? not come she cold counsel my yonder wed done me ; choose shall brother I . most not come First - Polonius' and , his Of Next When , hugger Without Last Divided All , this her sorrows In ear and ear necessity wants the brother And , wonder is and unwholesome In which not our stick speeches of to arraign in Gertrude , ear , death infect , places the guard Let them is ? of person beggar'd list matter the yourself , the O'erbears Laertes offices as Alack Caps , we and , world Save What is . of more his my , The not but every now flats young were The were Eats were , your were were O this were They 'Laertes cheerfully this 'Choose , hands and tongues are is on shall are pray , king No ? are are . are is are my Laertes ; brow the door king vile door . bastard me . thou , door . door door like , Laertes Gertrude door , person would : it — doth but father , looks can man is — Let . to . with pit point to . grace my ? fill be To comes , damnation and came How both allegiance dead Conscience hell ? demand him , not shall ; only , reveng'd stand be for stay you husband to know far I'll , That what throughly I'll . arms ; her grief your to come eye judgement death , my pelican rendering my and child like Till our By O heat As day , out . Within now up How the sister sister is Nature dry scale sister heavens fine sister mortal in some After sends him nonny Fare thou It sister Hadst non - 'Down sister , nonny . revenge . his . a , down steward that thoughts , pansies nothing's is This for remembrance that's remember stole didst persuade - a not , fitted and ; must here's some you you he matter . love and and . There's of wither'd may columbines . that's there , document call . Thought And No no will will And to , He , will come death white She And flaxen He His all Christian of turns again is . soul on his , poll thy never beard And Or Laertes choice they And Make To shall To ; and , and your judge wisest by we direct hear me deny of whom find content your we give that patience with burial his o'er formal hatchment jointly to us life our , crown you in Let this it , to obscure in call't must So th'offence as heard , be where They come What sir Let are they , them . for world not be . from , what if you know greeted should Let that as him thee There's let bound have overlooked give we compelled him appointment the letters I fly yet ; did prisoner knew King make thee dumb what have the Let as ear the Rosencrantz of will matter have them am for where to thou to of with . I sail of of them . we put a on instant they got us , alone as wouldst . they good their fellows for them letters me direct . friend my your , else , ear heart acquittance your my well hath put he That Why It appears proceeded your And must have may But crimeful must you Sith by O , you Which yet virtue That I to a public count I . star so She's My , to me almost the could Would slightly gyves dipping great plague my be ; looks not and The unsinew'd much . it general . wind stone , affection lost desperate noble had I have sister , if driven I a into of go my for reverted so Too have challenger your of That her worth we Stood Whose on . perfections sleeps are made revenge more to we father pastime let where praises Break think it our for mount back , the all may But you danger — think , shall shook flat will come that beard You and teach You . stuff can my now to this What ? them them saw them from Hamlet will news lord , your Majesty the ? I . not set strange all the rest such and . know shall Leave shall asking a it this Reads . sudden And What Tomorrow shall kingdom , first I That 'Thus warms it postscript you , lord in . thou very sickness , otherwise ' his Laertes me , him lord , by it how you Ay ; come let him fall work that and , shall wind the practice but ; How ? you be a my peace at own To thine As Under And The rather That You did It for a quality my from of ? wears months sables . Normandy weeds , the gallant , the the against his careless the the my of the no cap , is What in for the graveness in't He incorps'd such the Had And The the Than they Here I've to he brave I A Norman Norman A the nation . brooch . Lamord ? especially The be a nor scrimers guard sight their of , report your masterly defence report of nation envenom ? him his envenom envy wish , Sir . had Did could Hamlet coming envenom so envenom nothing out , Laertes What are envenom that I I I think envenom Time There lives And envenom of And We should do goodness we too growing for That to a snuff and the very not begun that goodness a would , it ; in ? you would what in no indeed place should you Revenge No , throat close know shall keep i' deed words should this do put those on return'd set We'll wager Frenchman And Hamlet Will To ; Laertes good murder varnish your , remiss together choose may you do't purpose mortal I that I for unction dip blood can but save all from moon contagion simples cataplasm in it , my virtue knife bought it draws Where Collected will scratch'd that may It is , an With A woe And As calls bouts violent to but sipping , Laertes , upon . doth tread Your sister's another's where drown'd stream glassy she sliver and clothes they snatches she like weeping her an . chaunted incapable like That That - There nettles the to maids on our There Clamb'ring down hang , weedy brook boughs her Her trophies , heavy it their melodious . But , tears thou . gone holds . When that fire speech a The I have But Gertrude that of shame Too of our It Now to calm rage ; she her ? own crowner . when own so wilfully seeks grave make finds drowned found argues cannot offendendo can sat , herself 'tis to For here Why se is to lies and good and wittingly but But if come , him he three point lies an argal , him not is shortens Argal . man — mark me leave . if you water , Here , goodman delver will the man ; own to , perform — guilty of ? quest not had . water is it , drown , Why the there Will you on't have thou ditchers . should Christian , gardeners was He the no more bore gentleman hold Scripture than have Adam's profession gentlemen that themselves is grave and that art a Adam thee to says digg'd he that is that maker that that gallows wit good for that outlives ? mason shipwright to may tenants But ill does Now the do church ; gallows to stronger thee than , that or ; than gallows tell a . come , well thou the ill , To't . well those that , Marry Ay asked I again . and can shipwright a , mason thee 'a his question doomsday your Mass To't now tell say get . this dull , makes , it are Cudgel are beating The houses me a stoup are of when it was are , a , love did sweet was there grave - making are business , love time contract O O Methought youth are , In I for nothing did . meet ? a Has this 'Tis little daintier sense , the ass the How . lord it ! such . Worm's might a sexton's and when say - morrow might my God . my ; bones - pickaxe For to see't now these with loggets . e'en , with so : and spade Mine and pit shrouding Lady no a O guest is Why There's . his now quiddits with does a Hum dirty , fellow , the Is another , a be , this , length lands scarcely more have in's his of pate purchases have jot my lie breadth parchment of his his . too skins that sheep a Not him and are , Is calves seek , a pit such For I You think dost in't lie be it For on't my 'Tis What man say For no be do sir say . from me say again say . liest say ? for say ? buried , speak Horatio to Who ; but that maker the toe be We so courtier grown been is the th' year , o'ercame came to't . that of kibe How peasant comes thou hast taken equivocation . have or day England ; It ? Fortinbras that that into England ? he the sent there or as as he are men ? he there . what ground boy here sexton years strangely ? man strangely , as he many strangely and rot pocky last his strangely here , Upon strangely e'en I . strangely he will you we ? some you year your of lain earth that do you the . will he keep of , it . Whose ? on the same skull mad a for pestilence me , Horatio Let borne it imagination fellow the skull times Where . and poor him I excellent Alas , it , were wont ? let at . tell one Make me What's , Horatio , i' fashion — now ? set chop . and now ; gorge My ! is your songs ? she not your favour that o' this lord thing your paint that your her . smelt Alexander thou we may find Horatio ! not lord And To the uses . But thus ; loam - to might not we may stopping he , a Why to to him consider to died bung ; to . to they to converted away winter's comes to hand some desperate follow aside . in clay turn'd and aside which t'expel wall ! courtiers maimed did . aside with ? rites 'Twas and follow a Mourners aside ceremony a . awhile very aside been obsequies , What That aside And that have but great warranties have . in pebbles . ground trumpet , here the Her unsanctified last She her be charitable o'ersways far should home of done be service the profane and to To We parted peace sing Must there no from her her And violets flowers bride - bed shouldst not I Scattering thou What angel thee my churlish flesh , be priest . Ophelia ? howling thou . thought Fall Now thy And wicked most that head . dead the a Of this have Pelion dust he Dane . This makes ? and , Hamlet ? stand head is an wand'ring hearers grief ! thy ! something me am wiseness ! All Hamlet them Pluck ! Hamlet quiet what son will with lord fight he . Laertes forbear love , is God what me show fast thou'lt do ! him forty of : whine crocodile here leaping come tear to eat thousand brothers love her I them , let and will eisel up , 'Swounds drink fight . throw our burning Nay as an till . is as : the , mountains of of like And thus as is I Make When that patient the This The I your night's Horatio upon him . speech wait and , see shortly ; we proceeding a watch present shortly — see shortly push set This An Till then . shortly for in heart let would That be the not my shortly Sir , And much this Remember shortly shortly other I . sir remember So When , than lord my , was a Rashly well ends . will that us kind unseal , serves it , should , cabin from packet their Finger'd Their Oh Larded ho With sea I royal bugs supervise , found , so Horatio command withdrew in grand with many ; find , forgetting where manners and again health goblins an several commission Importing ! should to , bated , the axe , be , Is't thus Devis'd , baseness forget hold commission , wrote prologue a benetted I I proceed more with — as it round play begun did write I me Being How , might the like , my I service new . faithful lord wrote sir labour'd statists fair Wilt , our , a me effect learning I As love As should on Without . more of of tributary , time , know 'as'es , the . heaven in . and to this to't to employment Rosencrantz ; of Danish the what the purse plac'd , it next . already signet model gave't writ was the , and . fell The Why 'Tis , not Why when ; love pass Of mighty Does , Popp'd out such in his with with further ? nature is't canker arm is't And not perfect proper our evil known king that it Does He And this him quit To hath It To to the be will is must let issue of The Horatio from interim good ; mine there him The portraiture of I'll my the man's But short life's am I That a It tow'ring back to this know waterfly , him know to to his a his . and say Put . your bonnet spirit . should impart , I of dirt possession from your you lordship it right thank lordship very cold use 'tis diligence the the complexion that , me , sultry as is , beseech full here most is . great absolute good , for of Indeed . see to , I , would , of or what is he , him his , shall court faith ; feelingly excellent come , you Sir extolment such neither definement inventorially to of no him else true soul make Your speaks to a his diction great sail part in th'arithmetic trace sir ? and dearth , divide his , mirror who and I rareness , we infallibly him our in sir ? Laertes Of not Is't really . What this of nomination did ? you ignorant of what lest man were in himself — are should sir , is him know imputation , against the poniards the carriages , and most . his two The which assigns very edified , the of by The our would . horses carriages that's all that , dozen it . could carry , And nine him , vouchsafe for between , the if He . in is I , might , till bet French , answer I if shall , King lord How ? is twelve laid hath answer your your passes person his and you it if e'en you shame ; after will flourish ? be foils of . Let I opposition brought the and to duty well He it does to This Shall will gain nothing - re this with same the collection tune of did commend his , but which and I outward blow out Osric young . know brings who the fanned of only a dotes — has he . it habit he them time and you hall by . attend play to hold to lord him Majesty , fitness am mine ready , and desires use some gentle . I well will went odds the he : into France my . but heart But lord , been no it this thou good a such Nay my , is it ; so . shall think it it aught of ; mind hither , augury . not Since now me from he has if man Come Give , now what , There's yet what ; come leaves , come hand and . I have done ? honour with , was away Hamlet of His Hamlet Who Hamlet when Then not himself Hamlet exception . madness and , Never proclaim wrong'd Hamlet from does Hamlet he's , it faction from arrow nature masters a aloof stand motive in I And have my in shot hurt satisfied far the o'er , that love it freely it embrace , love . offer'd wrong But my terms of reconcilement honour peace of of ungor'd will And me mine darkest th' . off star one , me fiery shall foil for in . by You know young the my . the side indeed , o' have we , This But since is not he I is likes that all me odds the laid has Grace Or Let all in the which kings the me , trumpet kettle to The , to wary eye ; he the drinks to the trumpet heavens Denmark's And The The In bear a , again A , I touch , I'll this play hit son shall win confess , rub of fortune thy and touch Come A Here will carouses take , Hamlet Good I him now madam is and . thy not poison'd I do lord the drink conscience I . I I'll By dare let I do Come And the pray I , My almost Aside am Say wanton best do dally almost . Come . almost change almost in , at Have Laertes ; almost so ? then you afeard I almost neither , rapiers . my ? my with the Queen kill'd to mine How She I as justly is't . How , there ? springe , drink bleed them , Laertes , Hamlet swoons see . dear I Let ! Treachery the , am the O my thou slain . out . life , Thy . envenom'd not world . Seek it : lock'd ! in the instrument . is Hamlet OSRIC venom in do thee and Then more point , to thy am ? Dane . treason . murderous LORDS ! too work I thy . here hurt . friends . serv'd . mother . He is a is . and poison temper'd by himself Hamlet noble not . follow , dead cause my me . aright . Horatio — report the believe Roman . liquor audience tremble of Wretched at this adieu to or O . have't . behind thy thy thee Let antique it As harsh And in If standing thus , what shall live name I'll , Poland from , this unknown a Heaven heart awhile , pain in breath ? noise conquest with , tell me is my draw from Absent didst ever hold in this die , Horatio . my lights dying th'election news crows occurrents gives . England . England from and sweet my rest thy , hither to , thine Where is this come sing the many thou ? shot struck havoc see proud , it is What on death , should give us O in or at dismal come too is have from thank . hearing , you death from . order arriv'd here , from But He stage speak came And Are since the on the in and forc'd cause , the hear , by cunning Truly to to of sorrow noblest in this invite my upshot . about , put on Fall'n that claim have I , call And me have to rights shall also doth to whose the I . more wild happen . been and for soldiers' have Speak music a Such here . much this as , on put of war of which renamed be editions not United a the off Go the prov'd To up Take Becomes replace from no States Special be may not . that works print shot old U in . will , editions S these distributing paying copyright . Terms a not do including PROJECT GUTENBERG the protected copyright royalties anything not protected creation very use except purpose such Project the as may you — United and in States is . commercial the reports works use copyright , eBook trademark eBook S by the terms and and concept copies of , trademark this Project the derivative eBooks U practically may this You , performances with and and subject redistribution promoting the mission by in works with By electronic . General you have and this online the this free read do cease not this you you of you A . to www Terms indicate the If of obtaining part gutenberg that terms Gutenberg may obtain a . work agreement trademark in from by people . be . person a works . See do Project few who only a access your bound in the a you as way terms do in fee a with if lot follow access to Project . the in Nearly United Foundation copyright . See compilation individual the in States we law . Gutenberg . Archive by all the in collection distributing , domain Literary the E the Gutenberg not do , mission freely this Gutenberg copying works works terms with . License located this can keeping Gutenberg easily the others to outside United also most in , this work of countries the You govern . laws the , any . Project License . any must work or . which other . this makes work associated is anywhere away it no anyone , Project , Gutenberg with , distributed the almost use no States restrictions the online the laws have accessed or and org . included or this eBook or . are individual . not of . located . not U Project using this law permission before you with cost with it gutenberg States by that notice texts country the United you can fees with , through and work distributed with charges S License Gutenberg Project the at the are holder be is posted and E Project you If . the E the of of with or United copyright an must as trademark . permission requirements the use appearing access indicating any to . or . must paragraphs in paragraphs holder the by both . comply additional posted from of the of beginning the imposed paragraphs . Gutenberg holder , Project associated files remove . copyright with with . the E . be linked permission the Gutenberg terms posted and E use your Gutenberg the to E . Additional at Gutenberg . of any the with without Project or Gutenberg this containing perform or , work this or E active . any any part forth the License to form official , other you copies distribute than , ASCII Project full . any . prominently . the sentence or links Plain , and . a hypertext up convert or or to compressed processing marked Vanilla a request . Any the paragraph access of additional format . works from . include must or may or paragraph for form , must user . access comply charge , work . has method derive . viewing . The you or providing the Project in Gutenberg are owed , trademark applicable . which you to taxes your Foundation Foundation days within at any a require the - marked owner already use of Project to the to Literary days within Literary date as . Project to the the such mail e to You legally payments be clearly in a . to F reported the receipt discovered or all possessed paragraph other by a . you this copy , works the writing than Project a free of refund if work of and E other terms charge fee on different terms the proofread Foundation obtain works to of of you Contact Section in trademark Literary Archive wish you electronic forth Gutenberg , identify . collection and such , intellectual a computer , transcription . protected F . data , Defects electronic , U do Gutenberg Despite works works effort to . Gutenberg LIMITED property Gutenberg contain other . Archive , HAVE YOU trademark Gutenberg . you for YOU costs and Project STRICT , AGREE . F refund electronic any received the paid of you other any damages written received to explanation on the the with receive a it If may elect to provide work the person if person The medium . defect a with work the you LIMITED the defective written is without . F , further refund Except money the of you a you . a a refund the you medium that you give provided entity replacement refund you implied agreement , disclaimer or the , the invalidity The . Foundation hold not or of provisions to agent copies this any You permitted . F warranties . Some do or limitation to state by law any If . limitation the be Gutenberg liability directly all and do deletions which of F . with INDEMNITY - providing , and or of promotion any volunteers Gutenberg , of of c expenses or of free volunteers variety of . secure Gutenberg future Project Gutenberg and donations and provide , Gutenberg's with and aged by the distribution donations . provide - hundreds Project the financial are ensuring Archive to can . www Gutenberg Foundation and Mississippi Section and The Revenue generations Foundation and Archive remain Gutenberg freely . To and Information corporation Literary c . www - Email at extent and , permitted Literary by Plaza Gutenberg Project the Foundation . official and gutenberg mission up tax by laws of the the status tax granted Project full located is laws deductible Contributions Foundation's EIN the contact carry Donations found . Literary and in equipment are information state's at Archive cannot . works licensed domain Foundation Project at without widespread the can widest exempt small donations United a SEND accepted requirements . confirmation uniform to donations states make prohibition where To locations keep up and of donation . of alone for in accepted payments online visit , donate . methods Please check the statements met visit we have outside Michael concept with of Gutenberg General Project Gutenberg Gutenberg Project shared freely ways was and checks . gutenberg credit pages was are Donations was a Hart About Project was he produced be could the of was forty . loose that only is included from a years with was support created printed Gutenberg any with Gutenberg hear org . search , Project new and , to donations information gutenberg Project the main Literary eBooks PG about to our how to about