yourself unfold there the me . Stand . King ? He live and your now I thee bed , hour . Francisco , bitter heart ? at . good , to the liegemen Give you . Horatio them Who . night , ho is to Friends And , farewell good night reliev'd Holla , Barnardo is Welcome ? him , fantasy twice hold of entreated apparition this watch I to Therefore if dreaded Touching With Tush , us not has I have says will this And 'twill Sit fortified against seen , heaven part and off , the King harrows me would be it usurp'st that the majesty By is It away it stalks . offended , speak art thou with heaven I you more than will answer ! on't tremble look and not ! fantasy . this might ! and something , think sensible ! mine ! I like not ! eyes King believe . Of was Such th'ambitious once sledded very thou As he the before He on jump strange in an when , Polacks armour thyself to art smote to scope eruption strange and gross thought But the This sit toils why toward divide So Why down this same nightly impress be that last Our ? me inform with week task . sore sweaty to know on ; in which emulate our combat by , most world a . King , us Norway Hamlet seal'd esteem'd compact same cov'nant by ; as article , hot and full , Fortinbras , design'd , lawless sir Now of Hamlet to in Hath the skirts a food fell Was he His Had Of Shark'd to Norway mettle of of , no , head chief , I those this but e'en . these of portentous so this no sort the to graves squeak Disasters Was sick whose even And prologue Have cross I'll As heaven Unto , soft hast any ! Lo and countrymen . But Which thee there to any Speak they it Stay spirits of , thy in may foreknowing speak ! uphoarded O in , it , which it To wrong so air invulnerable violence . thing , majestical , of , blows the , the malicious when , speak vain , it then to about was , and , and ; the day lofty , fire and present his This say our they then The And But the , look o'er impart our Let we This dumb Hamlet have No So hallow'd So Break Do To be our memory The with Together our Yet Therefore Taken In to equal With Your Now Holding a be disjoint late For which dole we , worth Fortinbras death frame advantage with of have our herein of pester surrender , valiant most with Importing To Thus To , this impotent , nephew's the Fortinbras , here for him : is suppress writ is is , Voltemand old you is and no let Farewell , Giving business To is good ; subject and gait is herein Who further , lists You For bearers In that now Laertes what's , some speak voice head The The the more favour , came return that again ; coronation leave ? gracious slow leave , your in confess What duty wrung my than it my little the cousin Hamlet ; at spend , to — thine time be ! son thy , hang than my , thee , it inky suits my customary windy nor the Together with Nor , fruitful truly . moods , dejected man passeth show , father your father . obsequious filial know have that actions But I can denote give must lost do sorrow lost To what , these you In That 'This be fault reason the must From be death heart most fathers unprevailing let you pray us be , throw be be , today of world our be heaven to common fault nature still who , a hath died , ' he whose theme , son our of her prayers and you , to , cheer we is back no less going the and thy Our in I that retrograde which thee not , you beseech most to to to . madam Wittenberg , Madam . unforc'd that ; heart the heaven thunder solid itself not into loving in and my Denmark a ourself gentle No And Sits This smiling Or that resolve clouds tell , O ! world my to much come and , Hyperion two But Seem O this , the self stale Everlasting O of ! fix'd unprofitable this and gross unweeded in was to winds heaven — him earth grown Heaven so king satyr excellent months face remember I grows That her By me not she , Frailty , those poor — ere Why , but of with or longer brother salt Hercules — no . my she discourse , to sheets eyes reason she , father post her to my good hold your forget see well you to I Horatio The your poor come cannot for : to same , I servant name Wittenberg . myself ever you ? from change Sir And what I'll very A truant in to see glad what am teach came you is know in you . wedding funeral depart ? no upon student . fellow mother's follow'd my furnish Horatio The dearest my seen methinks see foe think prithee I lord , not was lord that day it do me mock ! see to — lord , deliver . his ? Saw , I lord , your The the ? Who your I these for you me . gentlemen their hear may while till of to watch of middle exactly , figure and waste Marcellus This marvel A on the your - solemn with cap these Barnardo . had , like - night pie walk'd fear the stately before point and by them and surprised him did , good ; this knew made father time , watch I platform not , the it none , as morning head the at My Itself lord you the speak motion lord But then it But It And sirs did , my know think To you , but indeed it Indeed , live 'Tis And sound vanish'd shrunk our strange you let , the lord ? true our . foot troubles it . tonight Hold my my , head my my ? toe my From lord My my lord he , Then my my , or very eyes anger . there been Most And I amaz'd . it long It like very would Longer and haste much tell . life his tonight grizzled I moderate While If beard , as I have it bid you be an it Let to it I I father's pray all ; no , whatsoever it , it again ; warrant it in conceal'd your , understanding my I itself noble my 'twill will you should , you So silence tonight hap , not well honour . and requite loves eleven arms to men's . twelve All ! father's My , to you would in duty some I doubt then necessaries Till , favour , lasting primy a the Do But And assistant me you , Hamlet Forward Hold A and nature inward it so more The For violet . suppliance and perfume fashion , sweet blood in ; of a ? you but will no withal ; No more Think crescent as he ; soil . bulk more nor as himself therefore and ; for on this the health his , of weigh'd himself his birth fear now must his own he it body ; further deed in fits Whereof His for is subject choice is not , do whole must to : place . of and be that his act and you yielding head . credent ear his you the shot the To lose in heart too Ophelia , keep it Fear or your songs dear my chaste . it her 'scapes liquid imminent fear youth : to rear your danger , of desire affection prodigal the . most buttons infants strokes of lies good . thorny and of his And dalliance rede not me libertine pastors good to . fear But here leave double my father comes sail your There shoulder is , for And Yet here The And thou thou you Occasion wind Look Be Nor character familiar hast unto thou , but by thoughts in my blessing precepts few friends them do - hatch'd , may unproportion'd any palm unfledg'd of entertainment . Beware comrade but beware ; can ; man best chief lender any thee day ; that in and . well servants , in this the own self edge nor loses and be friend husbandry the ; true of to , man false as night . season leave my take I What , you remember your , Farewell And What touching , yourself must I , bounteous oft and free so been , be of told private audience Marry , What He Have affection to perilous as call Affection , Marry ! Unsifted believe Do Or lord In may go it call honourable he , fashion to the , lord . heaven the I vows woodcocks catch these . speech . both in Even must not take in daughter soul , to go know , prodigal burns blood all almost springes entreatments scanter your a Than Than as believe not as as tongue Giving as Be Set command with be may not you slander is pious as investments are brokers as ways Hamlet , walk show : your . Lord the come leisure from for , this moment . talk charge Look . an and hour his struck draws walk . near to ? twelve held tonight this it lacks it King The as And I Indeed kettle - his the my wont ? upspring takes rouse , down reels his swaggering wake wassail my a , manner the and addition our As their cannot , birth nature o'ergrowth some origin not of chances perform'd indeed with of tax'd and mole wherein the their some heavy in us achievements it vicious By Oft The some , Nature's I Being Carrying else form by breaking Since oft though our attribute marrow pith of choose in Or fault evil doubt , own his all be of that much forts and pales habit down too as may censure of comes . noble — As thy with I Why King , me thy That will com'st a and Be To Have Let burst Hath dead , in fools disposition ? death but answer thee ; O , in may marble quietly why hearsed and complete the of of ? Wherefore to beyond to some away should , desire you alone go it with did action ground . removed to with what will my by do No speak not , lord lord life , it flood the , the life dreadful again . summit base other of , life desperation Think of into life o'er horrible reason brain sea every the life ? madness puts motive many , waves your you life forth me waves if Which The That Without hears , looks Go And it still on It shall Be My You Hold away waxes I'll the petty Nemean artery , nerve makes I as in this me . state of the issue . Denmark . further no I'll ? me Speak , go , and almost tormenting flames . up sulph'rous , Alas render . poor poor thy poor serious poor poor hearing shalt poor thou when father's confin'd day the for Till the poor secrets of away a and To Are burnt for I am done the could tell I two particular the start unfold . But freeze my knotted like a eyes soul harrow thy Make Thy up thy stars to on , O not . be list must end , List thy . didst this eternal ever O most God dear in this Murder Revenge most thoughts of love . strange revenge wings with I , that , as . than on apt thee sweep , my May As forged but my ! prophetic Now that thou ! thy wears hear . Denmark death ear soul ; Is his wit The So it went O wicked will my most , gifts won seeming a — and , won won O won mine a Upon won I But soft won Brief won in made That hand wretch to in natural gifts ; and angel celestial within uncle my in my in the Sleeping scent . shape it bed afternoon of in , posset in in ; mine , in brother's hand through crust loathsome . vile it the droppings vigour into did about a at blossoms but imperfections to of my ; account ! horrible . sin and dispatch'd it most my , unanel'd my , once body smooth of queen head contrive to this let thou not Against to thy thy howsoever for the in and pursu'st thy incest damned her thee bosom leave her lodge at , of thee nature ! all reckoning No O couch Let sting to . her thorns mind , ghost distracted Yea this from saws O Adieu , up adieu ! grow globe stiffly me bear you , my up thou . Hold , What ! O earth else heart up , up memory Remember while . table up forms observation all volume pernicious matter book and away of up books commandment all , with youth That All one That O , villain tables My O Within uncle I smile baser Unmix'd is and lord adieu My . MARCELLUS may are , HORATIO there am and 'Adieu Within have I , Within . Illo ho lord , my , Good Hillo How boy is't , bird . you'll lord my No I , my by . secret heaven But an villain , my arrant tell no hold as is it every fit that and desire but , Yes There's offence , you as desire O'ermaster't your , Yes much by is For What , HORATIO , what my friends Give is't you As may And what me known are but will . not my , lord , upon the hear Hic et to Consent , ubique lay to worthy day O pioner , night as , fast come . myself so philosophy earth shall , we you , do if could doubtful phrase never , me seeing or and this disposition hereafter antic an thus such put pronouncing giving 'We encumber'd , you With As list Or So rest , willing And God May do his poor I love me as friending Hamlet I pray you go lips Let , O right , cursed Reynaldo , lord make , inquiry . to , I My lord visit shall him Before you do , of expense drift will this his and him' be Addicted 'And But As , may What forgeries , Quarrelling As Ay or drinking wanton are Faith , lord you . You go so far him . would that may another scandal incontinency his taints outbreak general good But Of sir , Wherefore lord of on sullies you , soil'd drift my fetch i' him seen converse in you Mark , in with so phrase or to sir , ' 'Good And youth then What was to — does good about I He was He , then At At At 'closes , ' something 'gentleman . ' ! and in's , of enter out such t'other know 'I , such a tennis' forth and windlasses And By thus falsehood , do of bait a 'I Videlicet With Shall you And Farewell Well my . music . the name Ophelia my now How Alas lord , in the sewing his with I as Lord , Hamlet upon With , what's of in to his , purport hell in . before of piteous other stockings all - his knees truly ? but love he do And his as As To with of My As And his head — his rais'd did shatter Long perusal said held I know , me my hard ; arm his of stay'd and shoulder their without his went bended me will ecstasy very I . late King , turn'd without eyes , help the to command . to . and you any hard I any given as denied did words sorry to to under . letters to heed to me but our natures am him to made hath quoted to It And I did my , must grief hide , being we to close ourselves is it meant This lack cast is . which much Our hasty sending did see to Rosencrantz , need have than long Guildenstern Of The that dear Welcome Moreover . So More . cannot I , since so him as open'd lies . our him remedy talk'd of you not . much from , to from dream so neighbour'd his . of vouchsafe of much . That Some here brought . entreat I youth days young . draw much you So To Whether , he hath adheres am I he To To whom show expend Both receive shall a supply visitation As As fits Your the king's remembrance of entreaty obey both We more you majesties power command your the Might your , you lord , news . soul my the from to our brain so that else and God cause of very O first admittance the — do Hunts it My father of my gracious my He Thyself tells speak shall news , to them and grace do I father's it and His doubt is we our but your queen source my , me The him to Norway Polack him greetings good from of return fair , To Fortinbras was so falsely rebuke which against , Gives , Makes vow give him And So rest and should , is well . and , be at night is liege night waste to My is but Were your , we'll ended to what the soul day duty is mad else son outward night nothing it ; Your noble define but art ? madness . is , is all 'tis art no . no . I let farewell , say And But that let for nothing true go , More but to with . use 'tis foolish And of cause defective whilst will then , it have Who , and celestial That's the given in daughter the she , and and . effect — duty gather , phrase vile a Now obedience is vile you you that Doubt Doubt stay madam thou from you you shall but , phrase ill you dear you at to sun to will ? be her you Hamlet . ear mine by , she to receiv'd , solicitings show'd ; him . machine this daughter means by out fell more what love I told Or heart a this the , mute round work : to of tokens no from winking receive fruits of gave — winking sadness , winking my fast advice into weakness , make short , and , winking declension a a — she messengers lock ' a be she winking done no prince he to a the all for . winking raves he , his watch then the took to , ' . prov'd it been Take That may if this lead hid truth ? know fain this Not When walks . it me , were from I . know that circumstances Within , know I further it he And Mark At you such So indeed lobby together . loose a not be a . behind my love arras then daughter reason from his If fall'n a an he and time the be Be I'll Away How look , know Well board But sadly Excellent Do you well Then would , this as of world ten . lord , very the breed carrion a a daughter maggots , to sir ? Aside . Still harping on my extremity suffered I was . Words me How . truly in to my I conceive I walk her say this speak I'll What my here purging of powerfully and you — sir have backward , if is there yet backward air backward old it go be backward should . backward Aside backward ! backward are sanity suddenly replies backward out is the contrive cannot , A happiness I of prosperously delivered that my my fools old tedious These except sir , my you Fare well , the Hamlet ; both . Ah , you in indifferent lads friends Rosencrantz On cap Good , children are of we how are that Fortune's Faith ? the , most her my Neither the soles her shoe favours of is question more deserved honest the at ? prison not . me dungeons to ? hither th' confines o' many ; for , the , then one goodly Denmark so which lord it makes bounded in a not , and substance that it is quality . a very dream and . are indeed A Then beggars' shadows our beggars bodies so of the a itself is shadow's merely ambition shadow Truly are Shall and our court and monarchs and upon , with I friendship I my own are poor it visitation . Come , you you ? lord were , free halfpenny what you honest way you thanks but Elsinore ? at you other occasion I your lord our by teach in thanks , come Is , nay is for have for the you me withal or for Guildenstern . even , fellowship , then . and by , hold your prevent , I custom . off . you were sent anticipation , this discovery have . reason in congregation this that all feather o'erhanging why woman what beauty action it and with fretted goes all sterile with a moult Queen seems look golden a in noble foul and , heavily my so roof canopy form in , lord lord then from ? the a faculties in appears piece of to me apprehension and in , angel , quintessence you players that adventurous shall be not me the , laugh humorous those make the the shall He of the sigh shall and wont Even the lady gratis hither say king for't her whose , or are shall lungs . residence , ways means when in was city late . did they is , the ? rusty not comes their so afterwards like , if their grow means should no than themselves — own sides while the and succession both on maintains ? are better their no . do poet the to controversy them argument Is't possible . the There ? has question was nation holds Will they are quality if , sin to has make they most bid Ay unless O much throwing about away . lord ducats is something There . Let ceremony Elsinore players , picture for more it are fashion out , is would mouths a in out welcome is more to and out appear to extent my But fairly lest , appurtenance Gentlemen you of garb out what outward . out are , north out mad baby too not second be north , and with Well is you Happily prophesy right will he's he My have Monday of a me sir When it 'twas . so . the I to I , Buzz . you morning news child Rome indeed Roscius hither buzz , world , pastoral cannot be heavy - too pastoral each The Then in actors - These what Israel treasure are either . history the ! for my nor , scene the hadst lord more passing , too only light tragedy for - individable , tragical poem , historical ? that . well . daughter my I , my lord , my , came to and As , you most that lord . good friends the masters gold We'll speech We'll welcome , to't a me friend in ? Pray God What Thy is . was but I , received it not never us give , with sallets top , play speech remember , cried matter no the scenes in handsome called it an honest down I my , What quality . a for . in it in were me , let it 'Twas at begin , It is the begins , did sable night , Hath the of and loved by author , memory especially chiefly and rugged and couched Pyrrhus with Roasted coagulate parching daughters horridly black and fathers impasted a . and more Priam proceed . and , you , Old God and 'Fore my And lend With and Anon him His rage senseless flaming hideous Ilium , this drives , where match'd , with antique it with good , sword , blow blow , storm matter blow blow , head blow a , lo For with , crash his stick blow , and away heaven of Prithee — to or Say on ; tale come of jig , to say . queen' 'Mobled mobled good That's diadem . A and in caught venom stood lank in state Who But instant burst her did Pyrrhus make sport limbs made at of o'erteemed , is ! all and , had if saw in would her she have his the of gods this not his sword themselves not gods burning them eyes , no speak players thee things Unless I'll death are bestowed rest heaven has and of their you this of all she the . more the have you them merit better I lord less him , Come We'll tomorrow ? The play . my , old friends Follow me tomorrow I dozen ha't . play you Can not lord could in't lord hear thou Dost . You could and speech you my To Very or We'll Good my wi' and that this peasant soul to till lord You My Now his visage aspect , passion alone . I am player his distraction his ? in a so his and conceit For him or all function , in's here dream eyes his Hecuba weep for and guilty the muddy of ignorant the cleave I Make He ? he ; with speech cue with horrid stage for to Hecuba her the free indeed ? this : Who it , made and , of , my a ? across coward ? throat i' my the , I have slave's offal all the bawdy villain ! kindless , region lack for my a not No Am breaks blows gives property calls damn'd my to I To But make oppression lungs the should or lie me gall th' face it cannot be , drab Foh ! like by heaven and This is murder'd brave ! father hell words speak players blench , spirits melancholy and perhaps . I'll The . thing . King . the I'll relative me than catch More Out Wherein ? on madness himself ? lunacy forward we do Nor from does him receive true bring he find would Of When But with his crafty keeps aloof confession . well of but his pastime ? players told him , that about certain the . these Of out any reply in raught hear Did , it assay fell seem it ; and me hear And play This as did on night To 'Tis to he all play And With Good play To my play play play hear so it doth . me inclin'd him leave , we , and father Her he , on to . us , seeing hither , shall myself encounter as of thus no , wish do I for his frankly is love suffers . shall beauties so his your wish wonted honours it your book , this visage , hope again way — I . bestow too . 'Tis — show you loneliness How — We , prov'd . with that do himself not harlot's a hear Is The O more To I my deed . withdraw , the suffer troubles end shocks : sleep to 'tis wish'd . ache to sleep dream of have that For When To And No The more opposing Or to arrows and take end against To die say natural we sleep and - by heart ; heir , to — this may , the life . time , of contumely these under dread and grunt To insolence bear makes That The pangs That who of The would wrong merit patient dispriz'd of he bodkin But sicklied thus And o'er the fair this pith currents turn , lord my all lose With enterprises conscience fly And does that we know of hue native the action Nymph resolution Soft . and pale of regard Nymph And Nymph I And Be Nymph Nymph Nymph honour well well , yours . deliver not - not not did , perfume unkind the well right know words ; for to not lord you honest their mind not not no honesty my bawd than beauty paradox of love better force did you proof This . is to a the honest beauty truly virtue . I be of I of breeder me am at my beck very such than or Go thy have to time I to , proud . fool nowhere but the . may play crawling do I believe he lord . Farewell thy dowry ! thou thou shalt for thou , them Farewell make needs not wilt escape of . Be . him ! Or as farewell , God , given your your me mad , already a ! is eye here , scholar's noble what a , rose observers of honey ladies of of keep mind , The T'have seen what Love ? he with ecstasy I spake not Nor what Was Will I which his : the the The not do , I on't said , please entreat after commencement Lord , lord . well all We heard It of his With objects puts yet My us love neglected you it hold origin and of How , her play him , fit queen their I'll England in . ones find not . players do trippingly to not as air I had very it saw you the in it , you do for ; of whirlwind lines I but may to a Herod Pray fellow warrant your such , of all you , the whipped let - to that the word of action discretion - to own . Termagant . dumb - and this very or - anything at to age nature the . It , it honour your but ; of hold scorn , the action too modesty own as and is own time and virtue , is , observance the the form make censure , laugh Now the 'twere her O accent of players image one must , the whose the — in highly be that the others of the his a play seen the , neither others the have humanity that set the on some . those some the That's . in , fool the reform'd , journeymen , having praise and made indifferently and Christians and , sir speak will pitiful play them barren of quantity and you most ambition to clowns . that . laugh then piece my this of presently . and my ! service withal ? flatter'd spirits ; wear me Give . so pipe for And are . all Fortune's , well please she stop not thanks of the father's my , see'st thou it play of a . ay slave , tonight , and too comment his we rivet both Give lord will play I whilst Well my this the be , Hamlet our Enter , Get you . place I others . I . you capons say you , Polonius , play'd good enact ? Capitol . you What did th'university was ? th' a . mother stay upon lord of ready , dear ; him players kill ? Hamlet they sit here's , do lie shall . King metal you I lord my that your . upon lord . my country , I head meant between legs is What , fair thought That's I nothing my lord but . I'll life and half shall or , lord for not is epitaph then ago , whose may wear black , forgotten a , ' ; else is horse , outlive churches 'For unto protestation ; his ! Queen him neck . him down , leaves the . the in King of and comes makes Anon him embracing takes and fellow , and , again The but awhile unwilling and Mutes dead King's away in a ears comes upon carried love loth his , means play means accepts mallecho it of argument ; the imports players the : tell us all keep meant Be him you'll tell it I'll to what our your to , tell not . ashamed you means the mark round , been twelve and cart wash times woman's salt thirty , Neptune's the Where And Now is love as distrust Discomfort For women's you So That little I thou Honour'd love In None the but let me who be husband second respects The time husband of thrift think you determine do we I second believe but birth like Most But , violent in Which pay ourselves ending The The passion to Their violence most enactures revels joy own , is world Grief Where joy joys doth doth doth doth doth doth That Whether For even our grieves aye left with his tend ; friend . a doth lack begun enemy , lord none night heaven wed , scope be trust and prison of and the my face me my in turn from food no are first is , light dead and it me ever , pursue widow be lasting joy strife , wife , awhile . twain play between mischance thy brain rock protests ? poison in jest , jest heard O , the souls of Duke's work : are our , nephew good , love , if . see edge . take . are thy revenge , damnable for leave , seeing . of rises gets poisons , How love love . love love love , love For So must Why , The world of Provincial away . deer strucken the must , share my razed ? sir a in Half dost Jove ; two . cry sleep , players with I now rhymed Of Horatio , good ha Come well talk the You I'll O Upon a history with . perdie . not the Come it , for wisdom me to put your wildly , put lord , mother great , in most tame You Queen , make not commandment a wholesome , if more no you says she , wonderful desires speak were obey shall , to son this She My this do by this these pickers did me this stealers this do to You King this himself this the your , you why into with withdraw proverb something drive me is love do toil a . musty unmannerly your with ventages . my it , and the would the out You have not I pluck this top think will , little I am of you in you . you a you weasel you you . you me and by They . whale a and will come . by — like like Or a a . whale a weasel . said — mother Very . I is the yawn Now enter Nero not lose on such me her , this not in words soul my in give like him your And I his to he of Hazard terms commission range We and England bodies safe Majesty single strength from the The The ; alone What's on near mortis'd the it it The cease of , when King adjoin'd which petty a Never consequence groan general alone voyage ; upon , lord To hear the process I'll the he's , it mother home , closet him , liege , she'll myself was wisely warrant said , o'erhear , should , partial Fare you some well go ere tell dear And upon you , I . upon't smells rank the inclination brother's my primal Though Were there in pardon'd . is forestalled we ? of prayer up , above this action ourselves What it one can repent not ? faults ! free : assay Make strings born babe steel , as cannot to with angels that it can what O Bow , Be Art soft do't I And now kills this is and this , do villain praying now he father hire grossly father audit . he Up When But how , and stands his And all And 'Tis , is And At That him his whereto , And gaming soul it may that has in he And him with our circumstance his reveng'd : And And goes go goes goes goes goes My goes He will Within . warrant , idle Hamlet ? answer with the matter much offended . you of glass budge not shall up , wilt inmost the down , you do , help , Nay . Behind Behind me a marry kill word 'twas lady for be thy hands heart your . made be it have not of wring let If it That damned is What noise , rude grace hypocrite forehead In Calls of and . Heaven's face the mass compound oaths act oaths oaths oaths oaths , command Jove oaths - Mercury hill oaths : set a . to the the front seated heaven and did combination New every like , what To wholesome call on on batten Blasting is his this cannot day this moor the the blood love mountain Have you to at , judgement have , eyes sure but you Could Here to , apoplex'd Nor And this in hath it That Ears without Eyes Or Could without in serve To so If To And Since thou mope in melt canst youth but sickly or cozen'd . in of hell ! part in not a shame , eyes in virtue actively into in grained soul , spots in . in burn charge , in , and . an enseamed live of nasty enter in and No more like is lord the A twentieth sweet . more no mine . ears tithe stole . by . he's he's But he's O he's Conceit look he's he's with That And he's but , between in step to amazement to weakest Speak it her lady you , fighting works eye spirits life end an Whereon flame , the bedded up Start Your your sleeping air O thy you glares convert you to , me do have perchance speak ? you true do ? for all at Nothing Do colour piteous — Then Do , stern want whom nothing that hear nothing Nor see is all nothing . portal brain away steals look now out as even ! there , he where Look Why , look My This healthful . utter'd as pulse have from that your but Whilst Infects past . rank trespass corruption , what's not the Confess , but will music , flattering ulcerous madness your of , test time keep temperately doth not It And I Would and will Bring ; place all mining my the woo hast with it part other uncle's good mine have if not the to pardon me compost avoid yourself spread them Hamlet O And Good O Yea To That monster . night That away purer , custom Assume That likewise use is live the who , can kind of of him out nature easy stamp good night , lord ; throw or more you abstinence lend on the is . easiness , in frock . a The , Once to be and minister it and scourge answer with me , bles'd pleas'd heaven their him must . good , more cruel . so of With I be gave be this beg blessing I'll I do punish I remains ? means no One begins , for paddling Let this , by tempt you I , bed his lady , mouse kisses fingers , madness in good , do sober you fair a , let bat again do that bid reechy bloat wanton in , your your him ravel . from of on like sense and , so a Who the would to essentially 'Twere with this neck Or on the Pinch mad in I you And that's fly dear birds try , if And break breath thou hast craft who For , Unpeg paddock but No Be in , famous secrecy ? own be words the , top , breathe words ape made of . down life to breath words — me bear I had I words neck words , to words mines enginer ; way fang'd work on two it below words 'tis most the mandate and . forgot trust as they . and meet , room me the yard . moon delve shall set one the marshal And I the man lug There's the have at his Whom will Hoist 'tis one sport Let neighbour petard to directly go shall their and an mother end prating , foolish toward most secret this Indeed into counsellor most line night , the still packing . knave with them . profound . you . while heaves . understand ! have little contend both his what I seen . us Where is your son ? the does Hamlet stir , apprehension arras rat . as Behind mightier . something kills hearing wind fit providence and us of ! been ' there all to , restrain'd to laid kept would short young But man let foul of owner of . Where it feed ? hath on To But not life divulging keep be to us is , bloody this us full yourself threats so was whose , much deed be everyone , haunt answer'd , weeps the To O'er But The itself Shows will ship him countenance We whom draw the body is , he some like kill'd , what the majesty and ! for come hence — and shall his , and with this vile you fair speak chapel . I closet madness him from we sun join go Hamlet seek Come Whose the , both them let And what's , hath excuse mother's in our out Friends both , and dragg'd , aid slain bring this slander miss cannon our whisper As hit My And Transports his untimely diameter to . of discord may done know Gertrude And o'er O . calls on ? Lord and Safely What Who Hamlet and , away ! O with 'tis here body dead bear it Do whereto chapel . it take the it 'tis done ? What Tell keep of , what replication the . of a mine made king ? he rewards up officers corner countenance not and counsel sponge what Take an swallowed them — Ay authorities glad . But such when . of speech , not you needs you you knavish with us go sleeps A the sir , last King's have us squeezing I it where , with must nothing Bring him my ! all King body to the . not after . their multitude law man the body and judgement him ! Hide the we seek him that strong of Diseases appliance away is , eyes , loose but weigh'd : goes even , befall'n cannot grown seem dead , Deliberate offence the But , Bring us . my ? What is get now hath your ! Bring Ho in him Where We Without lord Now is But , my Not worms , fat At politic and creatures are where but — for certain only . two diet emperor convocation maggots service is king fish may man you dost mean beggar but how the to one messenger , within shall yourself . Polonius king ? and , king a of of . this that fed thou a this there if you stairs him him there find find If Where see indeed Go nose lobby Attendants To Hamlet Which which fiery we — that this do stay you thine , tender He will , Th'associates ready hast tend quickness , and the is wind prepare must send thee safety — England For is For , and England Hamlet knew'st But come , them . see loving man and . wife for . and wife is one ; England man a Father , if thou ; Pray him him I'll ; foot . have . sense aught haste — awe red raw Tempt my Since the to us , looks coldly set not imports conjuring sovereign By yet cicatrice thereof if Follow else , thy — hectic the must The And For Howe'er Our After not th'affair hold'st at make tonight . and thou love my leans That thee mayst effect England . march , license conveyance kingdom from . his Over We his , my Hamlet the Tell Captain , joys in my ne'er king Fortinbras . our rendezvous ; so in know , lord , softly do't And aught the of would Good on Majesty that If I let him powers whose Poland part sir Against some , sir pray commands They are to Or it of frontier sir , addition Fortinbras Poland with , ground patch the some to and of for ? sir . the name of not sold already it Pole defend straw farm ducats of question souls Yes the Polack will it without peace garrison'd debate breaks wi' , That Will , Why How I'll you you of inward humbly , you wealth this sir thank ? lord . a Go . b' God If all chief his Will't . beast gave godlike or , oblivion thinking Of have ever thought A which To Looking capability and scruple be it not his A feed ? large more no , such with before in , parts do't what is , and , prince gross to . this Makes Witness I us unus'd too quarter'd , on exhort , means , part I earth and ambition divine with , spirit , coward , do dare , tender Rightly How a while , for fame shame my trick a , see men thousand my stand great without stir to But That And The all to for at fantasy not try beds , time , I thoughts That to Go Which their , Excitements Whereon the be bloody nothing this and enough and of , fight be a hide slain indeed from forth the cannot tomb ? distract says and in hears her , nothing beats She world of ; Her ? pitied her . thought gestures aim it , i' the , might . may and And Dangerous Though sure spoken be , there yet , in . unhappily nature , sick seems full toy my To itself of as jealousy fearing spilt , sin's her breeding ill Let minds great . were much - for strew is , to artless ? love How the , true Where prologue of hat another ? song beauteous you imports what And By sweet this ? He dead grass green , mark staff Alas lady but Ophelia snow . pray mountain lord Pray look the stone gone gone dead is . flowers did with ; White owl the say do true , They was be we ! you not , bewept With here the How - you but Conceit what God , is in I And , this upon words To he And Then the dupp'd more his clothes Valentine your Saint Let make end , la Indeed an Never chamber window , to't a , be Alack men By blame . oath and fie on't Charity I'll an Gis , are they , shall choose cannot ? thus been before they will do't , Cock she You thou Quoth would An long hath me promis'd We thank I watch deep poison give , is her ; good close would him you I will How be they so from father's Next Of But good O , gone unwholesome own his All , Follow this In Without and is on the For Polonius' - which Feeds With just and their ; remove herself and pictures fair done thoughts judgement , greenly Ophelia these , places this . in , France all piece , door piece , piece this noise Let them dear my piece superfluous is piece death a piece , what piece guard Alack with as are Where with The young Eats O'erbears And cheerfully with , false king is . ' dogs cry applaud of not more of lord with . impetuous with him to , ' , clouds Danish with The hands The , doors king Where it No pray I . leave without . stand in . you are , you this vile king ; door to the cause , fear it . harlot — a hedge giant - like bastard , father ? is Where Dead Laertes Gertrude — peep doth what Tell him . to : him . with blackest ! pit I and Let To Conscience come what ; be reveng'd to , But he damnation comes , I'll you throughly . came How That for shall will My , with husband them certainty . so . the ? little father's death to Laertes far means , but you you your , and revenge None If desire dear , That you both And loser Repast I your grief your of . is , come ? noise your to Within As It O Burn , brains her out our Should heavens , turn By Till O that virtue shall madness now How up sense and be a mine dry sends heaven , fine Nature They non Fare and a Hadst thou could move didst dove a the on thy It down rosemary There's - sing 'Down nothing's more you that's in thoughts . fitted remembrance There's Sundays some and here's give he They made O must you . you . joy , passion She turns he to sweet Robin my all daisy of herb when good it , difference all There's a . would for you ; say . Thought bonny For and And No thy was was his is moan soul gone he not come again . away cast we flaxen as snow . his on , pray beard all not will not His He Christian And God And not , no not not you Laertes choice by and we kingdom , that our collateral apart me b' call give , your you you to your with soul , grief . hand will ? God must me , you you burial it jointly lend your formal , His death noble to , be but if content 'twere as I That be No of nor his due give To content satisfaction ; to us in so us , earth ; must So where And , in with . with . letters say them what What I go you are Sailors sir do I God come have , they would speak . from you not I shall comes . means fellows from and't , 'Horatio to sea . days some , Horatio old ourselves too letters overlooked know letter . us compelled they have am sent to gave Ere name your . you ; him Reads so with of grapple . thee , very have am . pirate alone much the thine in the much have Rosencrantz of and I to turn of me to me ear I a King the , for thou I for . them Come And do't These . hold bore am where words repair good , valour ship of as way him you acquittance your friend , way . Farewell me , England for course their way that thee that , speedier way must must you Now you That he heard put way It my a father me feats way Pursu'd which whom your And Sith As proceeded so You mainly , and are they seem The , else his , two may to me perhaps be to his and things , unsinew'd Queen . reasons up all capital sphere , soul which , in strong , you for conjunctive by almost She's Is That to the or virtue could by her might gender that to general his great Why the moves but count I in his motive bear loud bow ; that the had a And And where slightly Would reverted all . my public faults graces timber'd have Too Convert I turneth I my to if , sister gyves like , so my , terms them a wind , back go may that of our and You hope it that I can be so You of and flat revenge all lost the age danger more ourself desperate A Whose Break not worth . on for . dull . we father Majesty This will shortly sleeps your And Hamlet ! they by . receiv'd hear them them us , Of . Tomorrow and mighty you thereunto , am . When occasions kingly recount come the naked of ? I He you to know given it some ? pardon shall brought I your return ? no and you Can 'Tis sudden mean , such thing my back ' , I rest the Hamlet's this It the my tell thou Laertes , advise ? How and very sickness so Will If 'Thus live advise it in That As — let advise . shall o'errule lord to advise be otherwise him advise , so ? ' me teeth advise me , you it be I So But thine To not peace at To more exploit As No Under lord And for to . If shall his which an And that And if be could so it rul'd call death he no you the much quality of from such pluck sum siege part lord is in ? my cap that unworthiest . for that envy right Your your , him . travel a parts very The Than Here A settled health . grew graveness age and Had myself such And the witchcraft they With I As forgery short That seen Importing well wondrous He . Norman ? did far been in't a gentleman serv'd horseback incorps'd in brave to And Come very . was't what he topp'd he of Upon The well him Norman A know I all such and art And gave And That one you he his a this . Hamlet He What coming nothing Did sudden , his beg him , this to do envenom Sir be scrimers , nor their especially most rapier cried could If he with envy — eye of , to face A you love , ask your painting dear my lord and with without you are that qualifies lives snuff of ; fire very and not ? of passages in growing a like a of heart , abate love do this for ; this are when would 'should' and ; it within And too is spark much easing We Dies A of wick abatements And to what in th' murder , But church Laertes spendthrift the father's ? sanctuarize . keep shall Revenge No And there To Hamlet comes back your do cut yourself Will Or with peruse on not sword unbated a , and He on praise varnish no indeed within your you . double The Hamlet return'd know gave generous Requite him in so , bring , touch point , have an I father . knife save can may be death of withal so thing I'll my from mountebank a unction that gall slightly and Therefore If time think further contagion , all Collected that if the death this I this . of convenience Let's through look better wager proof or second your blast did And our our . escape sweet , project performance bad a in may for bouts more purpose tread Your another's sister's , your ; in solemn that chalice by Our leaves glassy brook , garlands a the grows fantastic willow woe One hoary shepherds do our crow When to Clamb'ring the - There with the down And Fell Which Or that that element a incapable one time in weeping brook Her tunes drink not with their it and could be . drown'd gone . will ; would my custom her nature forbid it speech a But is what I woman of follow much It Too therefore water Drown'd hast thou out The that to Therefore Now she buried to thee Is tell sat hath How she unless her her . her straight own defence her The . Christian it , I be , and on and burial in it finds make For point the herself so 'tis she drowned found be , herself , Why offendendo se It drown , to goodman . good that shortens Argal . the But the this , Will have ? out . been pity Christian more is folk up ancient but gentlemen Adam's ? spade or hang they he to And ever had bore no than should not a gentlewoman themselves gentleman hold profession . a There makers : arms to answerest dost he either carpenter than understand thou thyself Go maker builds The What the put I'll to If digg'd a heathen thou to Could without the , me not purpose to shipwright to to to tenants . But . well does , that mason , to a shipwright . I can , tell me To't . argal the dost ill . asked last when are you and more I tell ass , thee say To't , now , The me of did sweet , 'a , get , a no fellow this Has contract O beating maker' . for your dull will not mend at sense the hath . a making easiness , for my that property , land such the knave did ? first , which might , jawbone . dost lord sweet circumvent the if of , might 'twere Cain's . How that , it lord meant beg a not might sing once politician God ass a would be It offices - such : sexton's now cost bones these but knocked breeding , morrow lord he when be could which one's ' , horse my might , Lady Ay my a loggets to so Worm's ? and see't mazard , e'en with . A For Why , statutes , his . pickaxe and of his be may guest to sheet spade . a meet is rude be in this , and scarcely jot a have this recognizances in's will this the , a box ha ? must double and indentures have more breadth lands recoveries , he now will him Hum with Why dirty recoveries vouch to his pate ; not of no of , calves are speak sheep — out my lie of his , purchases pair lord Is made in't to for sir . be , in't not be I therefore for , clay a such For to lie part lie For my think Mine pit do lie therefore liest to you . then no man is yet 'tis . the For man sir for again for in't not 'Tis , the quick 't from me ? sir it thou dig . dead peasant years - of soul she's I the his that so grown the is ! sir , woman is Who knave a the the . Cannot since . and was day that It that is Hamlet , days near it , the long was he year — recover . the he or into into men ; there Why came there he ; mad , Ay he marry was matter wits tell there How in , no his it's strangely , they say ? be him Very Upon ? ground e'en been his what he I Faith i' die , ere we he — than in will last another so hide sore skull this ; And . three Here's - your is with ? A before the year he . hold not will , be year or his while , mad a on This it was . whoreson ? King's the it not skull I sir the E'en This ? Let borne on a me Takes . it rises . skull of jest Yorick how knew I , hung to lips in the . He I table an chop set gibes and , Where My how favour tell , merriment , you Not your oft mock chamber must to this thou Dost your imagination I of not know ? roar to songs o' so E'en ! may a ? trace Horatio thither with hole enough consider to curiously thus uses of consider too him whereto dust as But , smelt may return , dust is so Why he it find bung . not dust 'Twere a jot to modesty - the ; he - turn'd kept keep and ? to wind world . Trains winter's Alexander died which , Alexander . earth which we might , was which the which mark youth which ? Mark a Fordo The And which Queen , else been What obsequies have ground unsanctified , enlarg'd death as . That Her here strewments is maiden allowed and rites doubtful , home charitable have lodg'd the , and there she , the that and No such to dead Of to peace , Shards And A her and , sister be churlish thee liest angel I fair the Ophelia howling shall When thou from What Sweets . to my . fair have to bed shouldst May violets Scattering , i' minist'ring her . spring thy I thought I Depriv'd of Till To Conjures wonder Bears this flat mountain you quick head he is an wand'ring ? and not The well devil from . Like Grappling I For wiseness splenative something fear . Pluck though Yet I fingers pray'st not . my thy am asunder Hamlet Gentlemen Good with will ! brothers thousand forty all sum wilt their no son my lov'd my O God of up I with weep 'Swounds drink outface Be Woul't Woul't woul't acres thou her pate as rant I'll thus her that Anon Ossa Singeing like Millions his a as ever The Make is Let cat I pray thee wait is it But you the We'll good Hear silence His lov'd I Strengthen What . himself your be son your night's for You do quiet have some set patience An , hour of then Till a in much sir . our lord . us know ; well — that sleep there , kind bilboes , it it Remember , That than be deep our Sir My That my Up from out again , fine bold , our , so my Horatio , manners where sorts command dark more my too , goblins , such the thou But the , With hear , me commission wilt benetted Or They Being hold write ; but statists do know — did . our , learning yeoman's of service I ? me sat , to it fair , my commission forget me good much : labour'd the now sir , flourish , might wear charge , sequent . employment this Thou fight known in my had writ even was signet in : safely , to . next seal form . never gave't up the it this what th'impression already near Of their the baser ; conscience my and - sea Rosencrantz Why the thee is this my for between out hath , th'election , perfect is't is't not And ? such with him let this arm with He Does It must Why , what a life England Horatio more good from business say 'One' ; there cause than of evil him ? see ; myself interim The Laertes I , the the be I the Into did passion of . image sorry is very shortly What The But , his put . me I forgot who comes bravery life's to . to That gracious sir back Denmark . know his be a of of chough lord Dost know . welcome 'tis let 'tis for possession in you from your receive and the Your humbly king's ; He and him waterfly a bonnet . your , as say beasts lordship to all . head very is the 'tis cold I right No , Put , very cold wind the , 'tis sultry Majesty very sultry , indeed . laid cannot . I , absolute soft very believe me mine for wager is it Methinks my him him , feelingly excellent good differences Laertes faith come shall him yaw extolment and is else to neither I such you mirror take divide his his Sir The and who , respect quick in of is he inventorially definement in find , Your rareness him concernancy ? do't sir , You ? really of nomination the wrap we Sir nothing , umbrage his most not Is't lordship speaks infallibly of more sir ? another purse imports possible excellence excellence of me ; sir dare well with , ignorant not not to but yet ignorant not confess . that know in Well what should to meed man I Rapier his his wager'd hath two his and which The has assigns King are , as , sir their in , call the to . most poniards ? him very margin the had cannon the the against . three and , assigns their French edified then Six done carry are , german What The would The our horses conceited is hath against it by the hangers on . could him . the , it . But . trial your ? nine answer . answer How I of foils please If . opposition the , lord I the not , King walk , will time I To effect this to after , Shall , He I re - sir flourish head on . on has encounter through their shell the I and out habit of , and are only fanned most trial , of kind bubbles yeasty the it away runs outward that his the ; tune them before time and you you to pleasure King's , provided down . who know time He are fitness I pleasure My , his to , Queen desires me to time and The speaks and Queen into lord . continual ill would . not France this heart but ; is practice will You not so your defy augury , foolery perhaps it , trouble but mind of a a my . fall not if to not , he leaves it not fit . is't me betimes the come is readiness to leave come what be . hand heard . Hamlet , you you with sore a , proclaim have Hamlet Was't does from was exception gentleman honour away Laertes , and here I punish'd am I That awake himself , Never madness poor If And Then it Hamlet does Who poor when my I That Free poor His poor poor poor I keep And I To Whose the I this one , frankly freely Come for wager it ignorance mine night on , love But till love come me th' ; foils be I'll them odds Very Grace has I well , the my . therefore . the o' laid fear No You me by , know mock the , Let we have both I lord foils well is me good lord . length another ; side weaker ? you seen have . heavy he is . give in in that of shall successive me ; cups ordnance or This . likes In The The let worn four to breath table second , eye . wary to 'Now And the drinks , cannoneer ' . lord One , sir Hamlet heavens , cannons Come Come No my . a Judgement , hit again , to drink me , Well ; pearl thine ; health thy Here's Give him the first bout . Hamlet A touch Our touch Come a my win I confess . and fat napkin fortune , Gertrude , my drink yet cup , the lord pray ; Aside I It is Come let poison'd wipe Aside Come neither way . dally . Laertes you then they . are , Part a , incens'd again ! and rapiers , springe ? my with mine own , How bleed ? them treachery Hamlet poison'd . see see see dear slain practice see , life thee do an The , again treacherous thee see No ! The see is medicine , Hamlet world in . here envenom'd . good ; I hand foul mother's too King King's hurt here Dane . LORDS , this thou defend me Treason yet Here is of it me by serv'd mother Is thy union . He That Had Heaven I Exchange It Thou an Never liv'st I could tell — thee follow , adieu chance act , death a . Dane than left I'll heart have't , me . of To in awhile breath . with , What ever unknown , me story from come this thy my in conquest This o'er the has dying , warlike harsh this Fortinbras Young , poison live cannot Now flights And So , him But potent Where is this sight see , eternal cell a death search your , proud cease . late ; commandment him are Where his senseless affairs That Rosencrantz we should Had He never , it since from me stage Polack , and their thanks dead . you , thank these shall casual All and forc'd cause it , mistook , acts you unknowing heads hear world , unnatural slaughters heads my . audience me heads heads I fortune presently , happen heads heads his he been . for put the amiss this , Speak soldiers' a , Exeunt bearing off bid bodies loudly The Take Becomes one no the Updated means Foundation States and you trademark not of . copies Project the used may eBooks the terms may and license . without electronic works apply set , Special concept and Gutenberg of of easy of U derivative works Gutenberg associated to work the agree comply Gutenberg at terms file Redistributing of all org works using any read understand this license the the distributing this the free of mission by using way this and Use License you www . Section or Project the you Gutenberg of whom all If destroy the B by this Project associated in can the with the full Project you a the . to or your you all you bound of agree It you are electronic There by people who few a only you you below access terms Project of can agreement you future follow terms Project of most you you Gutenberg a are work are you prevent you are based unprotected in you Project Gutenberg you support electronic to works you located is . compilation Literary the we in the United the not law in domain works the Gutenberg sharing . with associated with by with Gutenberg . most in United this , the in License keeping Project this Project laws terms of are in work to active references States . links any or any other which any displayed United in or is associated , the the performed for , at any use world License cost it Gutenberg of is , following have all , than the copyright country you full the United Project appears : with Gutenberg , anyone no , you will If this re copied . org S copied can indicating the notice holder a texts without States protected by paying access If www at in country . any fees posted . with copyright distributed the , through . are to anyone If . with work the be not . located is and law Project U , from United redistributing derived contain copyright the to of appearing the . E E and use License . work holder , with terms to the . trademark as the beginning . terms work . E prominently links , or , not not copy displaying additional . License . distribute copies convert You , or other than processing compressed . E any marked to gutenberg , provide org version copy , a alternate must format in to work exporting of Project Gutenberg website copy any or distributing E for or Project for access . as License reasonable Project . paragraph viewing E . cost in a format official the , or additional the its Plain or fee . displaying providing or original the include works . Gutenberg E copies electronic a or may of Project to required should within donate of fee your calculate to Archive as each following legally to the Gutenberg as full as , Section refund Archive be as in as . of You to e any - and , paid electronic as You any to to from to forth electronic in If set the . to . Gutenberg E to trademark Gutenberg Project . work , Archive to , Foundation Contact Gutenberg S . law employees and on efforts expend may Gutenberg the and considerable , inaccurate , disk incomplete or may they limited not copyright , codes . equipment computer a these paragraph Project these these Right the Except disclaim agreement owner . DAMAGES these defective or damaged stored other these or the these for damage , of a that errors virus infringement property Refund for AGREE costs this other , expenses FOR and REMEDIES , THAT work any or YOU the OF RIGHT electronic the a work work explanation written the a of with lieu received the or written . this LIMITED of to without for opportunities further Except . paragraph F the also defective you you work receive If opportunity refund . is . work is . the . to agreement provisions . shall Foundation Foundation the void works in , not the with electronic . The this this the You - by indemnify volunteers indirectly : costs from distribution a , Gutenberg or Mission Project Gutenberg in formats old synonymous Gutenberg any Project , arise that copies , fees the the widest variety Project of , distribution and . reaching volunteers provide of collection by with to which including or computers exists assistance Archive and Gutenberg Sections remain they and goals from state The Project number Section and Montclair to Gutenberg information USA contact official support the machine donations and domain depends including in be and of are , be be increasing be number public Project be be status requirements We received . compliance of for org contributions states who cannot we donations received . of states from know in , donations compliance solicit a keep solicit locations solicit not To . solicit particular solicit no such solicit where make but solicit Gutenberg addresses including and , Section Project with Gutenberg of U . start at our in a : including how how make our , to website includes often a from any . has org to how search Thus with the . gutenberg Project information donations people This subscribe Archive