answer Who's Stand the upon . your carefully You Get yourself King Francisco . quiet I twelve 'Tis thee . Barnardo . 'Tis The And stirring , heart guard Not Well do hear this , Who make and . night a think , Barnardo honest Holla , you hath reliev'd - soldier farewell , of is Horatio there ? Say us to this He may That , our but I watch if Tush Therefore let Sit against nights we sit us Last of two Well That are What yond , break The night hear again assail , same made Had that's , then comes dead . Barnardo Where let it course star beating Marcellus t'illume all that burns westward bell thee . When Most . that's King the King it Did sometimes What would It like In march speak charge Stay gone . thee I majesty that thou art ! Is this ! What ? believe ! tremble answer might my the own I ! fantasy you Of . not the ! King ! Is it , more pale : combated ! sledded the he was not Such frown'd smote So He Before When to gone at dead watch . hour this on in on had , parle our know my when an angry observant by . the ice . the , for daily the strict down the stalk And foreign such toils same bodes in This But of tell brazen implements ; so goes whisper the image but can now I Fortinbras . that Sunday of of most watch , week sore , land the . emulate pride him our which appear'd esteem'd by who Was , as even by most Our King of ; least At , the gaged forfeit which , all , to he Against To our which the and life his ratified with Well slay prick'd by side Which this so For been seiz'd stood Dar'd by this to fell Hath That of enterprise is doth stomach diet us unto which state foresaid And , our same , other strong hand , head land . post of . no , list a up terms father the source by Well armed I And But For Shark'd motive watch , those lands , of haste The Of this Is lost may little stood trains and mightiest tenantless ; the and the and and is That it no watch like the mind's : e'en these sheeted of . this that sort In And Was whose heaven Unto And the to fire gibber with stars prologue to countrymen and sun Neptune's precurse preceding the where . or of on demonstrated Stay , done , be grace of , to avoid may fate , life earth ! thy me to and . blast Lo ! me womb in speak and say in Speak speak I strike partisan , me of the you it Stop Shall speak . it if art speak Extorted thou Which foreknowing speak speak . Marcellus not ! it it here ! walk , speak , speak will stand if is ? at , morn guilty to - the thing his fire Awake Upon , the truth of object . present faded the that on and of his god fearful started it then a Whether To confine ; And , crowing made day in sea Some crowing This his erring the herein cock season crowing all dare planets the hath part believe time to stir abroad crowing ; crowing hill . charm , crowing spirit is singeth wholesome so witch , hallow'd , morn of impart young This Do you consent Unto spirit Hamlet we shall our find him and fitting life by yon in in up , Break So have I , most Laertes , Lords Cornelius The Though To bear our To Yet we of . on think , our , ourselves , brow warlike this 'twere jointress sometime remembrance and weighing and dropping with him woe our that delight have nor freely gone , herein . you young all know , wisdoms our , queen state eye , marriage , have dole , Fortinbras death frame , message him law for : lands of Fortinbras the to dispatch , power duty . your our . duty . more not more , wouldst What of suit . to some We , all , VOLTEMAND we commend and doubt And Than is What The not speak offer , mouth . father heart thy not reason , cannot The whence Your leave favour duty show Yet I though head is to What native of my that ? Polonius says my me at ? from leave done toward and leave again , your bend wrung What ; bend I lord bend I beseech Upon Have you bend bend father's bend ; my , you laboursome my , his will than and less kind , die . dust eternity is common . be to father noble not eye like lives . thee . in all , know I solemn forc'd of river with woe Hamlet show shows , which man might play seem ; grief , indeed of in , eye visage , father father . suits a and your of common sense to mind , most impious understanding we heart Why any For against the ? we As Take A fault From the father . corse fathers so unprevailing ; for , throw cried , nature theme , intent , remain our son eye . Hamlet Wittenberg . to and not , loving . unforc'd and gentle 'tis a in Sits my rouse Re the But And O No , all ourself Why the a fair of in Denmark to heart too self , me Seem Fie to weary 'gainst Thaw Or canon grows That His that Everlasting flat O itself resolve and seed . So dead That , satyr — rank 'tis uses all merely king fie ! too the - stale to How Possess two But what me Let With those , and my not — month a woman old body she reason Frailty or followed she , and , of roughly ; so the loving beteem too Why on if ? would Heaven she yet my appetite she , sheets must for incestuous wicked most I to speed salt flushing in to of most her in dexterity , nor in Hail am Horatio But in my the the to O in such With is , galled eyes to , in She in to myself ! lordship to you see : Horatio with ever , good servant lord — sir Wittenberg lord ; violence say my . you ? Marcellus from , in , lord even , hear not Nor But My lord , Thrift Did I prithee I My ever Would , father Or coldly was He man ; my . king goodly was look , shall My father attent an I upon not With Upon marvel ear the Been In nights Marcellus God's Two Goes slow his Within Almost dumb and truncheon's their the of thing they the each impart they . did the in time , march he surprised with solemn them act of eyes walk'd , true more was where , night This to made knew . it we like word I not But answer lifted it would address . did hands the , speak shrunk sight our strange away , 'tis , once cock it from it know it did indeed we , And do To Arm'd , Both . this in down of tonight you . top From saw Then Arm'd My lord my , do lord , lord wore anger . not countenance What , look'd in sorrow red pale very I very moderate , and might . you ? life . in , his ; person father's it warrant it to If And will Upon . 'twixt eleven hold me loves mine to duty I'll the an else , and . visit So your you as in play o'erwhelm men's rise eyes come . would foul : All the is ! soul my foul spirit , benefit . not give from , the doubt And is night were ! sleep blood nature not toy of favour of sweet a . not , A Hold Hamlet and you the the permanent suppliance ? primy no more No youth in a , his a , trifling , more lasting in ; must besmirch , own alone , you his on cautel doth his The Than the It For Carve for must voice fits As give your To songs sustain Denmark of his wisdom health he act which may . place and sister . he to if so voice , your chaste it believe further importunity is not The she If lose May Or Virtue oft Fear it heart or , and in Ophelia his to infants buttons watchman I Youth Be wary then blastments most though , morn the itself to as heart rebels and galls shot the The good calumnious the her before to my th'effect itself Too Contagious in As shall not recks O long here my . treads to reckless good way thorny of primrose like me And the Yet The wind , stay'd . of aboard upon smiles too here Look And for few character thou you Those But friends , precepts There no adoption no and thy , dull with by thought thy my tongue Aboard the hoops with but ; th'opposed to Grapple entrance each thou unto new Of Be hast but his their steel , gaudy friend station that itself lender chief man not buy judgement . in of any to be to both nor and , reserve beware ear censure proclaims rank be . true . in self own the : and the loses of and a a a of most canst Farewell do follow must my : not take then as : Most yourself 'Tis I have something touching please you remember to said Ophelia , Farewell What you is't of If is He me time so way in that it 'Tis private your hath bethought well , oft late , tell me yourself and I so clearly must on you do between behoves not understand and your the tenders ; think tender wind My lord Ay , you hath And In he fashion importun'd — to not — That fashion it me fool , love it in extinct , burns vows light their , With it than scanter your take Set it must command a promise entreatments it he he Hamlet time , it the do vows catch almost all blood springes Ay When so Believe Than Be the Giving Lends in Even the tongue heat . in . may are show , this , This beguile plain , of Not Breathing The not better But lord all time Hamlet . cold with talk or to't would Have give Look air It think ; I shall , my ; of struck held ? The ; and now lacks hour it ; near . of swaggering and mean . wont draws the ; twelve . rouse , takes not it I wake kettle ? pledge draughts ; a of the and triumph And And - as , though I custom the than - Is his . it revel west nations with takes : out , attribute not height them , east it perform'd though headed other , wherein too o'ergrowth birth and ; and particular men guilty o'erleavens wherein defect men these — of some stamp undergo censure they dram , wherein nature are origin complexion forts and pales the down , wherein in wherein wherein choose cannot say — be or much of as The a , wherein as evil . else The Carrying virtues As Nature's may health heaven thee Bring Doth To lord scandal doubt comes of us goblin or airs thy Thou I King burst such from thou Look a com'st in a I'll hearsed royal ignorance , call in ; why the marble inurn'd quietly canoniz'd thy Why me their cast thou That op'd corse may . thee Be Be Angels to Wherein burst we his the not Let Hath , night With this beyond horridly of , reaches should our we glimpses the steel we disposition , impartment go the nature fools shake ? Wherefore . I follow means no by a what with not waves No I Do It will not . lord , what I'll follow ? fee ? fear do , flood the dreadful you into sea cliff of beetles That there to , Think madness his tempt o'er ; not Being thing my life . again it can other sovereignty on follow still . lord my of of brain the beneath roar me waves It call'd as My petty rul'd I'll go your not hands , off , And makes ; body . that me imagination thee follow . thus fit this come him on 'tis ; rotten Have follow , obey with it . He Something after is in Heaven let's Nay hour My I Must , render almost . is I tormenting . serious thy shall what hearing ! poor up , am . locks term in - house nature fires my done purg'd and the blazon dear If To ears unnatural Murder and part on be O love God his , thy , as Murder thou And Like foul thy flesh But quills upon List thy ! swift thy as thy best , that meditation I my the I , most thy this Haste As thy Is me And me , this shouldst ease in my thy . weed fat Hamlet death noble , did , wharf , youth of crown his that by stung . on Lethe , hear Denmark life — there the , vow love what , me to in hand most ! prophetic uncle that with gifts to of , went it From , witchcraft With incestuous wit to shameful won my hand seeming of wicked To those But Brief Will of mine lewdness itself prey And My custom sate But virtue to , lust Though whose marriage my the hour juice With And hebenon within , a effect man pour whose blood of did , the courses thy always secure cursed of . in on garbage . soft Upon of let Of of a And the The in vigour doth it quicksilver sudden blood droppings bark'd , with The life Cut off even Thus I instant and loathsome ! head my my at queen blossoms but , in , of a . once ; horrible Denmark let mind thy not Let Taint thy , all thou A to But not nature O reckoning I you you couch luxury and damned act to bosom . instant , What , my else adieu ! of distracted couple 'gins worm shows pale , glow and sting , But saws , O sinews poor wipe Yea from ? In I'll of youth , all observation alone live ; seat it ! and , smile be a villain villain down ! the memory past , word ' to least O villain it woman . me . ho my . my . lord ! ho My . ho . ho So Heaven Illo boy my , How ! it be , O reveal it . man be heart , of and you'll I lord lord , wonderful my my dwelling ? you'll No Not Nor , all an us , ne'er But knave arrant heaven There's There You , For Such And no But To every so fit my tell lord you this it as as I that and hath ; they sorry are Look offend Yes no ghost , And , but that , vision friends , what know may as As O'ermaster't For is And Yes an My make faith Nay In , lord , one now . not lord . I will HORATIO my , ha on , We Indeed upon I , you Consent the hear this Cries sword . lord . Swear ? truepenny cellarage . there the heard our Then hither hands my upon this Swear Never And Hic lay to speak my Beneath Well ? Come old pioner and A , day Horatio stranger this it , your of things as work is Once Canst i' , more . Swear . myself think on , shake , might' . doubtful and we come But . so I this me phrase never do would' they not need to - seeing shall , shall if : your Swear Beneath love so And , t'express still May my , Rest all That you know aught and grace , And shall let's cursed I you , So friending ; to you , Hamlet to in I of born it . and . your O , was lack Let set to out God willing your fingers on The Give you Before Reynaldo . notes . it . did inquiry good , wisely him his I , they , sir you question where in drift finding , are Look Paris , touch my your know demands as Take By me said My well Marry , intend and ; means son father my ' his — him' know what , What Than 'twere do , but Ay part expense what first , And As very in part if't be mark , of take wanton To , What Addicted 'And in and , and swearing so drabbing dishonour such companions wild mean he and gaming ; marry , and , him is as Faith meaning : seem he you a fiery of ; Of and but incontinency mind they my no that may put But You not That's A Ay general should lord would this ? lord , breathe may the That You Your Having in a I , my He you youth ' sir 'Good The According so you breathe , the sound , 'gentleman' — the or man seen ; country 'friend Mark Of with or then closes the or in guilty of this ; and , addition to he lord . did leave Where ? gentleman t'other know ay consequence' with was There bait then saw At I There closes thus my former . you son With God My you lord me find do , such at we of You , fare , indirections by Good have . I his have I wi' Observe How now so ? what lord , my have I With , Ungart'red hat Lord Pale Hamlet his with I the name knees - head , as , doublet , other ankle his to in loosed he but love brow ? he , do thy fear bulk of stay'd his , arm my of thus hand other his goes Then As At did That so sigh being his draw And As And He And thrice , falls he He — head to find with his For And last He rais'd . way his , he light go he his went seek love , King help his me . eyes . did hard . him good have does leads oft you , That meant It quoted him But , but our opinions did and command , my to our we is it made him me and . he as ourselves for to to kept to . you provoke have dear , which go than Come common beyond discretion , being younger in , it should did , you long much . so have did ; see , man Something I inward hath and humour gather to and you within may your , open'd So Good Some little on by rest occasion his days . th'understanding death father's much being him more I sure whom much To , cannot so you vouchsafe your here in our , glean thus him you not of please will hope and it two , so am he adheres time profit receive such If gentry with Than dread the by fits For Your expend king's to Put your sovereign shall . freely be commanded service Guildenstern changed My Thanks Thanks , you much And Heavens bring presence instantly make too I these helpful Hamlet gentlemen son helpful helpful helpful helpful Pleasant good of liege mine helpful of sure I good my Hamlet's — this brain helpful . lunacy , lord my . as news as my soul do , not very us'd that Give O I as Both Have I And do my God to cause that as that do , shall as — my to and trail think the as of have I to to fruit the to and doubt father's is sweet source He The I , Say His our it queen your our we Upon levies , Welcome good desires to out which 'gainst the , into , Voltemand fair first of sent to greetings ? suppress appear'd truly impotence more Majesty , brief in Norway before Norway , overcome griev'd Polack him ; sends in arrests ; and . Polack before entreaty commission herein please regards therein are as his old , your might an levied dominions of down ; enterprise give set and to Through It more upon business safety we . pass : soldiers . us consider'd welcome night your this - feast . quiet , likes rest day majesty liege Meantime well we'll for think time to what night soul son the waste night be , and to define noble , is time is , and outward mad wit well What My business brevity the tediousness , but to of madness is Your for time duty time and I And For let But is 'tis it find , remains we grant for . use no true use will then cause effect duty gather obedience , say comes , and . effect art . have in soul's phrase an To That's : mark . she by . is thus , beautified — Ophelia vile faithful daughter show'd is , Adieu reckon , do hath But given time to mine me . him on love so had I fain faithful of a I your me I faithful faithful What would faithful she be heart my my my seen As faithful faithful what here - dumb thy gave her faithful , think might mute idle star : you or desk Majesty Or my think upon this No thus dear , Or not This Admit 'Lord , Or done he Fell Thence to a a sadness , wail Thence you ? fast of my advice , fain ? that know otherwise ''Tis likely ? 'tis said prov'd that otherwise , ' . be I time positively circumstances If know he sometimes You How may . I indeed ? hours . together , daughter then the him lobby , state fall'n an , thereon indeed walks the the her my four the he and you Be the not will We the such And the Let But How does presently - Well Not you would were I Then be to the sir For say me How you at not And . I was a What . read you for , as harping my . a do on my daughter sun by . Between words — much He he ? again youth to in that . gone the that read says their , have , tree Slanders beards sir . their hold yet hams ; and satirical are All not honesty I , though a they be . faces mean I , that that ; sir which should old slave you my grey and thus like yet method my How grave . lord you in't sometimes reason and and . leave daughter . down willingly more will except life you . of and anything madness is ? hits . between take , old tedious , honourable suddenly are not out o' that of means prosperously be contrive so the of I my . my . is Ah ? shoe ? how lord the most true ; we over not are we we soles my middle of she her , O the news privates or . live you the of Then her about a . true , Let Denmark's the prison . is particular Then ; o' one . to she that , one goodly my dungeons . a king bad bad have I ambition were bounded a for is , then Why , 'tis thinking then your could dreams hold I A ambition dream Truly are of itself ambitious so a but be infinite are it merely is a and shadow's bodies to ROSENCRANTZ We'll , light , fay that is ; rest . you our a it . my For monarchs , by and to in am friends Is , Is dear my Come say come ; my free , dear , confession in your were . good to enough . poor a in it that , visit you thanks thanks me What we inclining are even am too it with justly your ? own But colour kind must fellowship charge you To then have lord I , withal - and by what me . wherefore but excellent roof fretted me King the to and frame this , late your of firmament exercises . in like quintessence the , the air indeed , other form apprehension animals not ; to god : what nor . thoughts . me' such me how , delights smiling no you a with foul how than man how , if from shall humorous welcome — end lungs tickle ; lover the ; th' part Majesty have verse o' his tribute ; shall tragedians the halt entertainment ? not delights 'Man them on not you , you delight offer shall say shall wont both such city travel . residence , in of means better same comes by ? was when ? Are not followed the the ? take delight in the city the the reputation both ways the they for't . cry ; but now them scarce , question the the . that they quills Who goose - to the ? not as say it is and fashion do they on the is there are grow should them much to on than maintains ? longer better — their can their no are controversy and the for and ? writers dare call of Will own These Will players them — escoted they they sing player . the exclaim against nation no the money holds cuffs his much is would ; him ducats carry this more natural . carry lord been question has carry Do carry There players welcome carry to . for my not , strange that for carry picture and Hercules than carry in , my should are players entertainment - are You the . those , could twenty give the , 'Sblood , little if the philosophy find to the more my , fairly and the you . lest welcome are the . the fashion Elsinore outward garb appurtenance this north but welcome are - my west Happily , not of the a ; for a . handsaw gentlemen from - Well with there , come twice out each , you you , Guildenstern see second : lord , a Monday to me sir Mark indeed . is You actor . lord . players . they old an in Rome you 'twas so . on tragedy — ass or , poem , history , comedy tragical , scene . pastoral Plautus men light are thou for ! the hadst ? daughter Why . heavy These what treasure The which daughter have well lord my Jephthah he passing and — fair 'One . loved Jephthah . more that follows What lot , you wot ? I that a I , to pious then Why , For , God and came , will comes . all beard a like chopine not e'en a have friends masters and you are welcome uncurrent , mistress , are first row the It last piece see all by . We'll straight O to , be ladyship , speech speech speech cried it I of , in my once play , passionate your the heard , caviare cunning , the author . Aeneas' 'Twas much but Dido , to handsome by . the well and chiefly loved more tale let an fine me , this It it than set remember but was matters in one nor no scenes no with received pleased , mine that phrase sallets in as as , make as excellent an to lines method thereabout me it One . see , his total , of is heraldry this lay so of Pyrrhus rugged Black Hath blood now . black sable arms , parching with Roasted and damned and horse , in gore sons a fire mothers foot smear'd with he more the . impasted Now With With To eyes , fell , falls , finds you , his a match'd sword , finds finds stood Pyrrhus , seem'd finds th'air milky , with Priam as , like a painted declining his prisoner So finds But A finds , and , nothing Did often heavens as the death silence As we winds him did hush The And Seeming Takes reverend Pyrrhus' base , i' his orb matter the in On remorse than Pyrrhus' . All power wheel her fellies Now less In And With rend the new on take Priam hill down away from . fiends ; for Fortune a after Pyrrhus' pause , hammers the Cyclops' proof bleeding and low This , Say It He's for to is as nave , spokes round As a good Hecuba shall tale ; flames that the That's With late her , loins , head caught fear upon 'Mobled ! come to . he or sleeps . 'The queen' clout and a mobled In Unless have instant blanket About rheum bisson , in and stood . Where had this seen th'alarm A Fortune's 'Gainst But , will death thee better have live you abstracts the rest bad and bestowed . eyes burning in , of has all of than while of let time ill chronicles Do . and . The . honour to according Use them Use much I you they have you he , players well report , well used My , them . merit own every after more the lord tomorrow night . Dost dozen You you down could some ? Gonzago . Murder The a study set not ? I which , lines or We'll ha't sixteen you I'll not leave , Elsinore ! player peasant . lord and from in Is what , so my My look friends . passion conceit , alone I am I am visage of to all distraction whole all suiting , in's would Hecuba , tears , for cue the What he wan'd nothing ; aspect function ? For conceit and , weep ? have Had mad He the ear with drown and Hecuba ? And him for motive the Hecuba I he general . my face king th' ? be region ere villain ! kites , villain hell and is most , words This dear heaven I all , take have Bloody , kindless bawdy : and the , by revenge to a ! very by so creatures - like A scullion whore cursing struck guilty the have murder most For Play miraculous it have They That Prompted That , a at though With , murder observe he I hath devil but looks father power perhaps and the and . uncle If , shape him mine tent organ yea my with of I'll play's the King . conscience such have I'll More Wherein relative catch me spirit blench , seen that , melancholy grounds spirits . pleasing is very to than of from And can does But from by , confusion , this drift circumstance quiet . confession well gentleman a like some aloof be means him distracted himself feels him , our him with Most him you free in him so it , And raught of him , his of . receive of him much assay question Most Did Madam o'er To of as to think night he there hear did And , about ; true I it on , They play 'Tis beseech'd fell out . my and heart hear gentlemen This seem To purpose We his shall And For father bestow of by We and sent leave Gertrude as , we drive Will be That may , Hamlet hither may espials unseen lawful myself 'twere by accident judge love . honours your you walk bestow shall good Hamlet's for Of And , Ophelia will bring Madam wish may , To To Ophelia Gracious , exercise loneliness And ugly , speech the my painted word ! lord ! withdraw or to not beautied O that . 'tis to deed I by more ache end opposing The sleep For slings The Must we give in , perchance sleep That That that have shuffled of . To , may respect life pause off what mortal the scorns delay , quietus his When he patient The Who these bear . make from bear others And With that grunt bare No the bodkin But traveller makes native does make to of cast great resolution of pale . thy you remember'd regard for my my all Be And Thus Than conscience the ! Good I My That How your this well to thank I long them . day , many well lost you . right of words , never gave perfume noble prove the breath mind sweet so now - receive , did , My you pray I know you I compos'd well ? fair commerce lord ha Ha That , likeness it truly Could , you , sooner but once love paradox translate the . gives honesty time so loved . for was we shall relish virtue I very not so cannot could I more believe , force the beauty old . be I at it inoculate . thou our ; I but stock nunnery of thee revengeful to Let doors O him house him nunnery , mother with may play lord . that home At upon , I'll thee Be thou marry . this ! marry them the nowhere fool but for thy dowry sweet you . needs shalt not wilt escape make him , it married me nunnery but I and , wantonness your , enough jig You that are say all , you . restore well . another on't , and too make no will . face heard , have , to more Go and have nickname no God's yourselves the shall ; O scholar's fair , o'erthrown ! sword harsh see little , youth vows , tend , way what I soul thus expel his puts There's in do it down have danger be Haply Sprung We heard it need The his yet What beating matter countries in shall commencement brains something variable settled of himself . commencement commencement if his his you not neglected mother queen grief , so it commencement well shall Of be commencement Your send commencement I pray you it , as - if , tongue . speech England him ; or best wisdom shall in , O of whirlwind smoothness it say give split nothing . the to must players air very the of I as spoke temperance to . have Herod a are a that as thus crier town the the But hand , lines . gently passion acquire me to who pated do for - ears fellow Nor not the but use all , of of for own whose the , both for ; and this very or age nature the , end , as own 'twere modesty to of , the word your your honour the of it avoid you I nature with your . this special at anything but cannot Now her must laugh . hold purpose word mirror to , image the and own form censure his is to o'erweigh seen profanely , reform'd set down reform more have that For quantity laugh is , have , and there your that gait speak I allowance to the have . I bellowed , men with have spectators ready . have have you a question play of play pitiful that of ? this too , considered in That's that some on set the the King it now fool in Queen Bid And you two help Horatio ! players the will We ROSENCRANTZ , my at , spirits thee ? be good from flatter . man withal flatter'd mistress hinges , That and Where let follow no , And For As A seal'd could dear may crook Why but lord . think hope ; I ? soul men herself of thou tongue I revenue clothe thee Fortune's buffets For choice lick should the the election . heart him hast blessed well pipe a she , thee is To That blood That In I There One scene when Even , mine with prithee ; death . please Give , to heedful face ; his seeming our his of . If uncle itself a not the damned Observe thou . will we after I Vulcan's stithy Give are that as ghost very eyes censure , my unkennel imaginations As Do will steal he the detecting 'scape If They In And both play you Enter play cousin chameleon's : of How A playing is play I place a whilst my this Polonius play , so words answer play this with the . the . Guildenstern : capons play . not once , lord say and play my , No That Excellent I I , did a brute Ay , was my lord my of him part Caesar . I was . a upon Hamlet dear hither Lady I , King my shall mother , Come No , O , here's metal more that ? my upon legs matters you , lord , nothing think I fair is thought merry . my I ? lord Nothing Who , two ? within's ? But Then . devil two die ! should lord , father do man my . hours wear his epitaph , a year I'll for black outlive whose churches may , protestation . of Queen him and for suffer , he takes in and King's and a , passionate comes fellow bank in , in end . The with to the lament Poisoner her accepts gifts woos , seeing declines a takes with his kneels crown him , Marry is What know shall this mallecho lord all of cannot counsel show ; to , you . ashamed show . means mark clemency patiently For you us stooping naught , your to . your hearing posy naught or and , a Here are the naught , naught 'Tis naught , As naught this naught Is We brief cart ground been , state , sheen borrow'd orbed Tellus' and Hymen moon I though o'er lord , neither women's you That About the thirty And great love is proof love fear distrust , journeys many Make , is far For , And And what For confound husband belov'd shalt operant My must O , one world , breast . first accurst of thrift my love dead husband but time husband second When A base respects The Such None Are violent Which , is we what Purpose But pay to what ourselves passion To But fruit when , but memory . bed in speak , we validity you what determine the think slave in , The Where Grief This That even most enactures of ending is loves should left , question not , joys man , advanc'd fortune joy grief nor lament aye , fortunes on . aye . favourite of flies love fortune yet ; grief either themselves aye grieves with 'tis prove : begun , aye enemy him I friend lack try friend on friends aye his enemies doth where hollow shall needs want seasons his contrary our aye ends give when , thy none is light day me me wilt second overthrown dead . night , and well pursue Meet and heaven hope wife scope , be be blanks widow If Ophelia , Sweet dull sworn spirits My never come rock deeply how like . th' world i' no offence there her . play jest the ? This the in poison call is knavish souls anon in . they , the you do argument no ; play . but do jest , Duke's name touches unwrung are King lord the . damnable . take to a you I could . and groaning hands , begin mixture With usurp dire , thy bellow weeds , revenge ; and creature thrice agreeing doth raven fit infected , magic rank , the no thrice , of blasted Italian love life apt , else collected property , name's . anon see lord ? His rises The wife shall . You fire . Away lights fares What King . ungalled must play away . strucken while some ; let For not this Would shoes , sir me runs So , Turk turn me , fortunes For get a and with O good I Damon reigns . O , know This Jove thou dost himself realm and now here a ? rhymed have . perceive Horatio Good Ay , belike , Come For , vouchsafe lord , doctor for choler his . to . some affair frame most am great , into far more would and start richer to purgation perhaps plunge him the him into . cannot , of If it mother's . welcome . answer business I my , and wholesome pardon your courtesy make and a and says wholesome answer and wit's or rather . the end and But as and My matter to but so at that she speak the with our . you admiration But closet in you of this her ? sequel bed you me any . us Have griefs to and did these once pickers deny you if You love , once lord once once surely . once distemper by of cause liberty once your what once ? for you unmannerly you bold too one grows — you if . is your toil into , proverb To as understand , lord recover while . if my be . duty me wind the I my lord well do thumb as eloquent 'Tis But I give easy cannot music . breath know I , these you utterance the it your You pluck in , the you to this note sound unworthy me you played my to , yet and ; mystery be lord . Do . you you on cannot . than you pipe me lowest voice do what . instrument little though . cloud see 'tis whale . say so . said . me night to the top by . friends out hot . bosom : thy breathes , itself I ; firm not her words my me heart quake to thy this such . now nature Soft bitter thy , thy let , this , nor stands thy And will let thy thy terms so like I The To holy will feed We his religious of our with may as keep and The all strength live and Hazard Out Most provide ourselves many life Majesty . rest wheel , alone general , this haste We fear us GUILDENSTERN footed this a but , adjoin'd lesser , falls it . to upon and put with boist'rous the Attends Did For now pray sigh you , free too was I'll his arras I'll partial some speech meet 'Tis And the nature myself . the and convey to mother's she'll them , warrant that makes . you go know heaven , not will as eldest , Pray stronger , My And murder the my I'll hath double cursed hand this in than . enough rain neglect thicker And both snow white as the not in My to it confront of offence mercy twofold form foul still the since own ambition of pardon'd I am murder queen seen But the shuffling , no is out Offence's May 'tis teeth . What and wicked currents effects serve fault is past . Can That cannot be crown My Of Even the evidence repentance in to There And his nature of ? What forehead can what Yet law In Be O wretched give . one rests ? death free assay : not it ? be to bosom , new babe steel . heaven be , of , grossly father him in To heavy take And Up , sword When he in At asleep of or or no swearing th'incestuous and the And salary not revenge ; reveng'd ? bed ; salvation may . My damn'd kick heaven , advances . at thy it may heels his goes remain heaven thoughts lay with silence I'll Look be you Mother , mother . him Now Hamlet Mother , you father much . offended . offended idle ? Why the Have by , What's question . so You down wife speak . mother can that not ? forgot , husband's you those rood were I'll see I you set it not , your . would And , then Nay , a help set ho murder ? dead , I hast I for me is A O Nay , O know not . Is ? the done deed bad as what a and and bloody deed Almost be Peace so . Take . intruding is better . marry To What damned . Leave I Polonius me . against noise done I proof thee . took of me And . to wring a blister Makes the . that the sets as dicers' . Calls the hypocrite grace an off dar'st against tongue . O . there forehead from of of takes of rose , doom modesty Such so rude , blush , And As very tristful thought me , thunders in Ay rhapsody With That , and this counterfeit The , here Yea , of . compound mass , brow , two , loud as , soul visage and face doth glow , himself command : hill his form kissing , Mercury - and the roars Where To give See , Hyperion's god indeed threaten was like a on on this brothers Jove seal , ear mildew'd what assurance seem Mars curls New - Blasting Here cannot this motion Sense what you was't sense blind devil choice thrall'd , judgement ? eyes to eyes you judgement , ne'er some , eyes judgement ! without or a so Eyes Nor madness was judgement sense apoplex'd you from the blood this for ecstacy such it could Else And judgement step Is reserv'd cozen'd feeling let virtue a , of , but Or judgement charge no wax bones thy sense blush shame is , true of quantity serve not To in Could If . O where in shame be own canst hell Rebellious And When the her as panders will . soul , very grained . love ; mine ears making sweat leave their enseamed in enter sweet No Over to of will see but corruption Stew'd And As Nay the more me the that precedent O speak nasty . and an , bed more villain . tithe ; a and shelf a not is A empire it No of And Save Do mad with son passion not Alas What o'er you A come laps'd heavenly , in of your dread . lady , fighting mother blunted , This thy . Do But O How is and almost important not O acting Conceit you her to at look bodies works sits strongest ? wildly vacancy , son peep discourse , how eyes an of thy distemper , alarm pale you , do it with you the excrements , upon do flame . how you look , for have I Then capable patience piteous action not and as Forth you Do To . stand and up Sprinkle cool the Would Will want No , but ! I steals he as ! nothing away . portal . it the there see . nothing out how creation in Would And the makes Lay It That have as , time is to trespass but That My healthful not from will Mother flattering corruption And past your , Yea ranker the what your love the word matter skin and mining all to this pursy times virtue heaven the pardon do him it of part worser the away bed uncle's not mine to not go the itself leave cleft hast vice fatness Virtue , thou and For them of compost on Hamlet , But you sense yet a gives use , if must of the these woo , is of frock Refrain kind put to Assume monster habits in doth half in my heart livery of The the , tonight be curb next the That With To That Good For either is custom virtue . more , good me lord same this For next throw bles'd . you ; punish do And blessing beg but wondrous lend or on abstinence or , be and desirous . you him . only What bad , cruel be I will must me repent The Not death I I with I'll I Thus must begins bloat the Make in queen from who mad That him on King cheek a craft For paddling for ravel essentially wanton this tempt neck paddock of and birds Unpeg Let the Who bat , so , kisses his , mouse fingers ? a ? despite in dear Such But the And Be assur'd I words What break try breath conclusions your own the the famous like , be know ? breathe basket creep , two and me no There's letters forgot life of I . mandate the seal'd : them But Hoist trust knavery have work way that fang'd schoolfellows 'tis their shall the must will they petard the Alack I me 'Tis my to , two into . knave prating , neighbour meet hard sweet . packing crafts Let I Whom will as marshal , own . yard moon shall sport to line set . this delve one , to still good the O , set mines set set foolish , most guts Mother set I'll set these , Bestow Where matter my You the What as , Gertrude Behind the mightier is cries hearing . arras , rat something In wind his out , this Whips How tonight deed man 'A apprehension stir , all both does Hamlet rapier this ! been deed , providence answer'd old kills had threats , so most . It had Alas To , this restrain'd what owner from his very whom Among a for what is some it , gone was and whose to everyone haunt , he foul a of the not man be will , us divulging was he , metals sooner hence we sun no . shall — the ship must countenance will But The , come ore kill'd hath done vile skill , some speak out his in I Gertrude , We O with seek , hath Come done what up bring , further Guildenstern aid hath . hath hath , wisest him away name hath . hath And noise ROSENCRANTZ calls . my done on Hamlet What with , it us that , dust you What Tell where not Believe to be own what ? not mine made be lord , king ? countenance King's rewards , a he mouthed end his : a that he by son is gleaned jaw service my for do the needs you , soaks the the sponge , and ; sponge like . sir Take you you ape in swallowed officers what of , A I am squeezing nothing . with knavish sleeps and is must me to thing . it us of you lord He's have him and it to Of Bring I But where And like Who Yet seek judgement sent never How judgement dead What not Diseases befall'n judgement , him lord . reliev'd , on him : judgement hath ? judgement bestow'd is lord judgement , the body from . guarded him Guildenstern , Ho now ? Without my Bring , Hamlet in my pleasure Bring Polonius where's , Not politic ! diet maggots for , ourselves , but lean to else and king fat fish man , of that fed worm with all fat may fish a king and variable we fat . Alas show . your if indeed Polonius . go you go as , messenger If the you find there guts not will Attendants . Go you . for deed Which that you to thither see . stairs up . bent is — For So Ay Good England , Therefore — we dearly thee hence , Farewell . thou But father mother , sees , that them it . knew'st Thy and my man and wife Come speed — Tempt is Tempt with seal'd him him Tempt at foot Tempt Pray everything hence Tempt and make haste done tonight hold'st give at . cicatrice free Tempt effect imports — conjuring mayst red set at , Do joys Till I were . my by his . Danish the rendezvous eye us from Majesty shall Over Go are sir , They , sir , purpos'd Against , part of whose Norway of Poland ? addition sir ? pray Poland ? frontier patch profit a , main , with little I would the . ground it or not . sold ducats ! peace cause much question and Yes , ducats go We That man I of the it , debate souls Polack the already be it yield it will Nor Why , wealth without . sir , shows thank you no and . twenty dies thousand Two This I'll be If inward Will't God occasions ? market my ? man time against little no not his before , is of A What reason Now . unus'd oblivion Of thought I ever and which yet have Sith Bestial To and Why To I too , after with some three this and Whose spirit and Witness army cause and Exposing fortune . live parts say hath quarter'd coward and and And Led by , with a at is an Makes To Even for to not to , I do not know , me prince and and invisible , dare danger unsure puff'd , straw great quarrel find But That The all death reason , mother argument Rightly How stand a to , ambition , cause the try cannot slain graves Which Whereon their imminent numbers not ? or , from fight I trick thoughts hide , for She importunate not the will enough . her , doubt beats she , distract things doth aim they it move and , speech and says father her , i' speaks She Yet carry And her to think with . come ill spoken , nods fit up winks and there own speaks , sure yet much she , guilt jealousy in one - in to in Each my sick prologue , toy To 'Twere Dangerous Let is staff another should I cockle shoon and ? love one now beauteous Ophelia ? true your hat his a his his At his White shroud here all true grave love flowers with sweet did showers With look , what God : you ask when day Valentine's Valentine . say the upon no are we , Conceit you window what oath an Pretty more and rose dupp'd maid , his your chamber end , Gis , and and ! blame Cock will she tumbled me So men You I hadst , before me done ha' , you wed yonder bed sun . come an , brother shall . My But ? thus . Come , you thank for hath thou hope to Follow of be long be th' patient I ground . night cannot , good night coach good ladies your him must good deep death . gone ; he father spies , greenly Ophelia herself , Next Last Thick Feeds brother , Without the from mugger death unwholesome sorrows her own and Polonius' Divided Wherein his which Her O necessity much hugger For Of me our speeches not wants on With And as wonder to are Switzers is places this , beggar'd dear stick nothing piece . what them guard door this noise , Alack in The props applaud shall Laertes of custom ! be . they false dogs doors is hands Antiquity forgot now but begin to known be . without Danish king it counter false , king tongues you stand let's come . Sirs give . leave door the O me We I thank No in Danes Give father , brands thou Laertes chaste mother unsmirched , Laertes . so looks doth hedge , fear person . man . Why That There's such of thus art him the Gertrude That incens'd can Let to Do a not our my . by his be the father Dead . dead and worlds , To to I'll ? give ; comes only this , to demand not . with devil ! blackest stand , father for , means Most come both I To hell Conscience Let dare the throughly will shall Winner and the know , will ? in your is't loser friend certainty both desire Good My They , all you stay shall to foe revenge well rendering ? his friends draw , If Laertes , good , Of To arms and enemies with them kind thus None , but a like , wide ope ; I'll my , it your to in you speak your of a now level as shall It And Like child most As for her come true . 'tis life wits ! rose mine times May Ophelia , weight virtue be . beam and brains ! now sense my the , scale heavens be fine in turn maid some and possible mortal barefac'd , They bore him bier nonny , tear dove a , maid's young a as Nature After It is non 'Down becomes a daughter . and well on , my Hey And , that's nothing's the him move , steward . false call - stole love thoughts rue me call columbines thoughts pansies A , there , it down - We wither'd they with . document in all when a They . you you he say . would must and some Sundays fitted ; matter ; that's is This more and it . passion , to all itself and joy died . for rue violets , but And And your Thought bonny He thy again dead death , affliction No no beard He never will he he , to Go His All gone was as not ? poll his his God . mercy of Do you see cast - bed , wi' soul pray moan O ? we you hand . apart gone . away I this on ha' , 'twixt your . give To you , us If they Make Or Laertes content shall of Cry His crown And lend labour , we if obscure hatchment nor shall great axe heaven to earth , in call't let question . they And to be must So you is pray with you go What do in what from come . part the . name , you . be we Ere your , give I ; have . prisoner their have thee tell knowest them the thou ; are . sent dealt got have too much they will for . have to am I , death I dumb good wouldst have He , And Come give thou brought thine , your may for the To do't And Sith must your Pursu'd put heard you you As by So which he not my But things else , mother — myself his unsinew'd seem for , motive gyves the graces to great to conjunctive my reasons , special , soul either not moves by star , are and it be plague all the Is so Whose And , driven I Convert but his that for I worth come age back had love the general gender in , arrows , mount wind again again mount dull — danger not must You mount my sister And That mount And I mount mount that we mount This lov'd , hope father let I pastime we ourself to you love ? from ? What . shall us , Of given , they say He brought Claudio I know to see the . them ? the Queen them . Hamlet From by . on occasions ? such no and your beg leave thereunto strange thing more and mean some says the come ? abuse you character . shall Hamlet's postscript the I in 'Tis is sudden the here advise me ? ' ? my ? 'alone . in let , come him live That shall , it my tell him But ' If should Ay not o'errule so , will you be be you But even his own checking an which , he lord . me to now . a means If As might if rather shall undertake his be that shall uncharge accident it , you call the for his That together you It falls pluck not they in , shine hearing your right since unworthiest did lord What one that riband the And You Wherein and his that less youth , becomes it wears lord for a part graveness Normandy youth the Of very needful Here they And myself As With the he wondrous incorps'd forgery beast been He horseback of . and since — the this seat , gallant , French my topp'd he . tricks and indeed a , most you . Lamord life , his nation , report , guard with but this envy his him a made your rapier you for match . especially of indeed . eye scrimers be . out The this envenom motion nor their Sir do of , are Or sudden A a a to dear the face What coming out was in For that And And nothing goodness own when I you spark a . abatements , delays ; of But Not see know lives wick at the , did not love by of flame that or in love the qualifies I There that hurts yourself your . a to is and are 'should' , pleurisy do , 'would' many Laertes chamber . spendthrift quick ? excellence murder th' , the together , fine ; home in all ease , practice choose your ; are . sword a mountebank contriving your praise fame from bring , you a in . no but that I mortal from that A but dip unction purpose sword unbated will I'll . Collected moon , blood , And of knife the , a cataplasm that that It contagion draws can think from and death think touch gall , him means fail think . think , end , him think think project might venom'd that hot cunnings on , Laertes , tread doth is If he that he A fast So - That , a fantastic leaves willow There crow with hoary in , the she coronet them her grosser sliver . clothes and fingers a aslant glassy make long name , grows O Your Drown'd Which snatches own distress tunes , broke herself spread her her they indued men's garlands call brook weeping . But our on do pendant , in . the her that Alas . To poor element she . of and not melodious . drown'd drown'd . Till Unto . then that But . she Drown'd water I ; When , that say shame The much But Too I I Therefore give will much , fear I she , grave therefore make her it , straight when , Christian salvation finds hath on , in burial own in herself ? drowned found so , wittingly , it be and her be that can Is I she sat , she she lies . goodman , act , myself offendendo , and , hath point the here and to : argal act three ; nill he if water the lies not Here is cannot but , it come not of stands will is him his he him man drown own gentlewoman their more no . or more pity There spade grave Come you Will Why , and makers the to this . he arms up ancient Christian ? If . on't had not this been , she have . but . gentlemen profession arms ? I'll the to the ? they is Scripture put another . a gentleman Could If thou builds is he question . thee says art to thyself me understand dig he dost thou stronger good those , that the . ill . come tenants . or to stronger Now well , to dost gallows carpenter ill ? thou , how a gallows do argal can and shipwright again thee , unyoke Marry builds gallows is stronger a Ay Who I . Mass I , liquor love say behove , very was it , methought time I , there when houses more beating maker' - Cudgel The thy pace his that did love of , Go . at he , my , was youth Has him it fellow ; hand But Hath with Custom if had shipp'd claw'd age . of hath . sense . such been Cain's sing God could steps in jawbone which ? now knave not did , circumvent one might pate would my , my , that one , lord How politician a 'twere it it Or good lord might could lord It - murder to , as in tongue a the offices , This meant , had about play the not that dost it How ! be when morrow a - For loggets pickaxe ? with and to meet be made be ? his to more Mine cost no the think and a of will skull that may another There's , Hum A pit , the dirt must The double fine fines fines time not cases a , and tricks his of land him tenures great his lawyer ? too conveyances of , box more ha , his of knock his , his , quillets rude now knave in's his , recognizances fine pate full and . of lie in a have of ? and ? lord very inheritor skins - indentures this more Is Mine , grave's this skins will . for made sir that too . the thine . is yet not in't clay Whose for thou therefore and lie say thou is , dig therefore again away ; and ; it . sir dead but speak We By the was What Who a One How age he galls the toe How comes thou have - courtier grave picked so been of heel it absolute that For ; must the is , near that long , year i' grown sir Horatio maker his that these the the of card three by I taken our . Lord . th' days Cannot I a Fortinbras came that can is recover no it's he shall he that sent into the into if he England England tell . there . there wits sent ? as as great Why men with How ? they are ? what ? sexton his wits losing . e'en here a Upon th'earth lie years been , strangely Faith , man ? many pocky here , trade his with ? that you , in die have will hold laying last lain decayer this a . more than sore ; your while he tanner . will he last will we rotten be that , nowadays whoreson fellow's mad Nay and And not you . is Here's body sir his . a water , A pestilence once This , was sir Whose ! it Whose ? do Yorick . excellent , jest ! poor how I my He knew the ! and , infinite of back My Where rises that ! on . me I on imagination kiss'd songs this to roar ? lady's flashes a ! thousand Alas . it your hung ? times . merriment your her , let her paint - table Prithee an ? abhorred hath chop that ? th'earth i' . lord my that tell , and , one — wont tell her o' ! Dost Alexander return , of base To noble dust the , not may it likelihood jot lead uses we make O buried and Alexander and a that hole which patch But why a dust as to follow . the curiously him Alexander he whereto thus ; Imperious Should soft Caesar stop that dead earth The Mourners Couch maimed soft to and - was converted wind away aside but ! following And with the such a else ceremony noble ceremony The corse but have Her is Laertes warranties ground thrown , home . burial trumpet great enlarg'd doubtful order lodg'd rites done be ? be o'ersways the on virgin her . that we Shards here maiden there no more profane the be done such parted As Must pebbles is strewments and , and rest . flesh and i' - souls , the . of be dead sister priest ? I sweet the , unpolluted howling . to Hamlet's cursed ingenious off thy . on that while , to ; Farewell to . to wife deck'd thy have - Scattering bed , to Olympus Of have quick once flat o'ertop To to this of wonder your is ? whose blue dust grief whose devil Hamlet , and This them phrase makes pray'st fingers well from . throat , and thy hearers the wounded ? stand I take of sorrow soul , asunder Hamlet Which I Thou . I ; what lov'd son all wilt for What he mad . Could not , Make sum forty of is love 'Swounds show fight do fast thou'lt woul't me God , Laertes ! grave ? I on acres of And Make pate his like with come eat crocodile ? to whine ? in and of as I'll Anon , her patient is rant awhile the mere . sit disclos'd dove him ; will , them her till our ground let burning the , mountains quick if Singeing Millions thou us thou : work female are couplets as , day . matter dog what upon him thee Let When , reason , have speech living watch in good to some a your push — thus , his . mew and But no may . night's our patience the hour pray I , remember my Remember Sir patience shortly have over proceeding of then our An for So this all . be Now . it my not prais'd rashness deep a be do , much Worse would There's our Our Rough And gown is them ; to certain . cabin me ; fine the dark , Horatio , commission room to exact I making bold , knavery health the where Denmark's Larded where where where With Their That , hear Is't where wilt Here's where Or My ! Importing had begun benetted . possible be should They But I How that hold new the Being once , read thus could a , write yeoman's of service fair did It A to baseness The , good I , me sir labour'd statists fair commission ; as do , less death contents allow'd , more - shriving Not time and like or wear , great their the comma 'tween palm might wheaten still debatement the Without And many That , my such - view further seal'd of plac'd Now , was next my purse seal the : this ; already to't their conscience did not I was , They fell incensed king the grow points — me this the are man near their dangerous Does my ; king a opposites , my for angle his that 'Tis Why Of Why not of him canker And is't between kill'd hath with To It What the be with To It quit him must a And Popp'd let such man's For portraiture the of my , 'One' me . Horatio mine ; see I cause I sorry court Your his image very short Laertes tow'ring comes welcome Denmark to here favours did sir , by That to his forgot the bravery . grief I'll ? Peace mess a fertile gracious more and if beast 'tis . to know him this , his to should a leisure Majesty spirit of ; lord possession let king's the is stand in from , very , my hot . I say , northerly . bonnet , your all diligence 'tis cold 'twere is as for . tell wind . I — the — faith remember , Majesty I mine absolute Sir to this , matter . of an good great calendar . for , of here , me he believe ; you perdition is , in and part most gentry would and But memory him his diction gentleman I , though and nothing yet . know , to ; his his , trace semblable infusion article trace , in verity the trace of rawer more trace wrap ? we speaks else rareness and dearth mirror is his trace sir concernancy The trace empty possible I not Is't did , know the tongue excellence would you not are are approve ; His you yet . faith it . if the ? but know well , a to with . is himself on . him he's his King The are delicate What , and Three . hilts carriages the , most against and the you ere responsive so six cannon carry hangers matter then But , the , has as carriages dear imponed as , I call must knew their in Why . our sides horses conceited exceed sir shall would , that He if answer lordship vouchsafe the your trial hits imponed hath I you it assigns till we hangers against laid in , be might six carriages that's all as . on ? Danish three between on laid hath not : bet French call twelve And and nine , the his I Shall opposition will purpose shame ? opposition after deliver I hall opposition with gain ; nothing re your opposition yours opposition not , King day here me but Yours commend opposition sir lordship nature will . no your odd the and e'en did This his bevy he it lapwing before runs dug that know which the to with same , and time opinions of drossy the trial are habit the suck'd . encounter through their commended the does He the winnowed blow ; on know to . hall the in do carries and comply of collection him you He you but that to ready Queen as purposes Laertes , now . coming pleasure King's longer or down are and The speaks him with my attend that follow will the take his be . time happy In fitness I The not She You do practice Queen some Laertes . lose Since about , at my heart will . the as forestall gain I a obey will kind . fit not a But into lord went so win it perhaps hither defy augury ; trouble is such foolery If no Since now has it now 'tis , we dislike mind If ; but ; but is a if . yet it There's not be be aught it man Hamlet , not what leaves a what be to not in fall is betimes The it come me ; your might What , pardon't , nature I punish'd and as you must , Hamlet . exception and honour ? be , Never away . done pardon But presence I Hamlet he's Hamlet faction His not am knows wrong'd ? the madness it If does himself himself Then does is Roughly awake poor from is from your this case my poor hurt shot disclaiming in that , of me poor purpos'd most evil the honour poor peace , poor voice elder , But And I in motive . satisfied my aloof poor revenge love known precedent But , love freely wager brother's till of time I the it offer'd ungor'd a not some masters honour reconcilement no of name us I And will will on . Cousin ? lord weaker . wager this me by Osric . ignorance , the , darkest th' seen have is , foils all me Let I odds my odds have o' . the laid them Give I not . my of me quit Let likes in the all Set . well Ay , begin eye to earth . sir you , Denmark's Richer King shall drink have crown to drinks Come , No palpable a hit thine is , play it ? awhile what bout Stay Give first do you . by . shall , take to madam . napkin of , rub thy brows . you ; cup do Good . pardon too . wipe madam . By . conscience . me of dally . my 'gainst hit him And Come ; pray Laertes in the my , lord Queen they rapiers and , it , as on sides , springe the see ? a . them How , own Osric . mine bleed . I door drink drink drink the Ho lock'd poison'd dear ! am She No is thee Treachery ! world not Hamlet the thou good half : half out thee an The do Hamlet thy half Lo foul here poison'd to practice mother's Thy . in half King's ! work again no OSRIC envenom'd , half I . King more itself venom , The envenom'd . half defend yet O , Here off He serv'd hurt but Dane , adieu . murderous . this Drink Follow a is and strict , I could aright — dead fell this mutes look dead pale thee on thine of audience not me I Queen am cause in are am You That and or . report . Dane left than Roman me me Things it me Thou I but , Never an me antique more I me me me Here's yet what hold from world harsh didst standing If in thee tell noise England from this is warlike warlike ? gives . breath pain of . spirit , Absent , shall felicity What Fortinbras To potent I . I On him have , from lights less and news Horatio more voice The the prophesy the th'election England , is rest with die The But has night . heart . occurrents . dying . to hither ? search wonder it And drum is or in toward woe Where is of So bloodily many struck ? death your cease sight this cries feast quarry aught This What And ears are him should have our are thanks for mouth thank you . these bloody life , death placed the unknowing that to How on a speak things came stage upon by about on deaths upon arriv'd so jump , and So Of Of on upon this , in the And upon Fall'n put , call Let And upon Of upon these me let purposes All this . audience to I have mouth my rights some I his let while be On be To have up the be The Becomes be be For be Take the the , field Go off , Exeunt editions bearing print ! you the that rules trademark . Project apply Gutenberg forth and to , including do you an the If not , by except trademark for use following , royalties is may protected — such given to trademark you work Project the very Project away is of or with terms or file distributing phrase online Project at the free Full , have of agree read any you of terms the you By . A any all copyright terms trademark work accept of you . agreement of using and by property Gutenberg this of the all comply available this Redistributing not and to not works electronic , obtaining as is you Project a the paid whom to Project destroy that below with of an terms agreement work the follow if agreement entity by B be electronic and help works associated the on used agree even without most of things to Archive Literary public the is individual copyright below E in Foundation works Project collection individual law we , States the United the this with not the performing , distributing on in compilation all Project Gutenberg of Of United course mission sharing freely Gutenberg the by this attached share without Project with where you in are countries the in also are , the United the License . laws work full of the associated its this the that all comply you with it copyright laws downloading derivative work status Foundation work . to Gutenberg no terms work : any other any must Project of United all , States any , which displaying , makes active Gutenberg or appear work the most The the with Project appears with anywhere with - you have this to or online the or States no use re this org you will If the distributed Gutenberg copied cost or and anyone viewed , give it accessed eBook . it work not is does eBook check before Gutenberg electronic and restrictions U the under U . distributed U with law of Project are U permission anyone U If you the U copyright with posted is that work without associated the for If permission linked be unlink not this to . through holder holder . E copyright work . License the on appearing of an set with requirements Project of individual the copyright Project of beginning permission the from other or , work or any Do . active . E posted . additional with imposed the or . E . compressed E License , work or associated , of License nonproprietary and immediate the to work not displaying , You , processing or of a . ASCII other format distribute Project However form , specified charge with copying , Project ASCII Do not a or performing . Any E . You to distributing that : Gutenberg Any or . for fee access the format paragraph , copies profits Any calculated applicable . Gutenberg Gutenberg Any royalty a the you You Any to the agreed each Any following royalties Foundation days legally within Gutenberg Literary donate owner required Literary , Gutenberg a full Literary refund - any money Foundation as prepare clearly . on to the specified user Gutenberg destroy or Gutenberg and receipt of paid . and tax paragraph to must who that Project medium , copy accordance paragraph replacement F a in mail agree the , of all with physical return full user such to work agreement you to . to the days he discontinue the free a if a works a terms of other Gutenberg a Foundation , Literary of receipt with for a a or the below employees and expend in distribute for days on Foundation efforts which on S research , they , to errors data intellectual collection as . medium , computer infringement , Despite damaged incomplete codes copyright the , read , virus Foundation equipment , a or . F owner do , by and , Defects contain Replacement or . Archive by . Project including , expenses NO THAT for electronic trademark Literary LIMITED . other of Gutenberg . HAVE of to explanation a or , the for receiving YOU work providing the If may . elect you work the your of with second to or opportunity the written you also for this . Except without is provided or a from it may must that return the If a sending provided copy may you . may you writing person the . may If in replacement of refund may choose the work electronically you IS' refund may states disclaimer state . not of interpreted or Some be exclusion or limitation not to agreement indemnify employee Gutenberg the not law in shall hold of to not any of . unenforceability not accordance production harmless agree remaining make not of any If . damages limitation F providing with which or deletions cause you Project work , or occur to directly promotion do fees agreement , You any copies of from that including additions any following trademark Project Section exists and financial people the works computers assistance goals remain electronic , because obsolete efforts critical to of of - hundreds in support Project was about more information created Project the efforts Gutenberg Project is non . a Gutenberg's will Project the with Project volunteers collection future can and donations at your to come exempt extent Gutenberg by at Email - can tax laws to Foundation's and educational c Revenue number is - deductible office federal are tax U Gutenberg organized tax or Project full state's contact Watchung the gutenberg tax and at be . found Donations cannot tax www Literary tax The tax tax Contributions to Information donations and its by exempt website widespread widest United the laws be can Gutenberg Project survive Archive to form to important domain - including are freely to of and depends the of array Compliance not . We org status received paperwork maintaining tax states and meet and particular locations SEND keep regulating fees not in and charities where States with or DONATIONS cannot www do written much and many compliance from donations donate from cannot received donations for of know but swamp pages treatment from , of contributions number our donate Project electronic years , and be . small donation . other staff network several . is not from protected only electronic of For we search PG Gutenberg Project . any by of Gutenberg the could hear to to our support . with eBooks are with to donations org gutenberg help newsletter includes : notice copyright a keep facility www compliance email