! unfold King Stand . come me and ? the He For 'Tis now struck carefully Get to upon , haste . there bid meet my The to this Stand , Well , stirring . them ho the make ? you Barnardo , good . good soldier . is A . what , honest hath ! place you Give Say will Horatio Touching says have , seen us of , appear it apparition this watch That may tush And against assail fortified your , He Sit let And That let break , figure the . In The Had made it burns , where like ; the would It Thou scholar it art What like be spoke of majesty the thou this and charge Did ? Horatio buried sometimes which with that usurp'st fair speak , speak I . charge it will ! something ! You tremble than fantasy ? more on't ! this not believe and answer ! think this What the Of mine sensible Is now How ! and , gone ! not you God ! my I own eyes and . true the it not once the what martial But This in , tell strict and and down stalk hath he jump at to and thought scope eruption strange observant cannon ; our I work gone watch not know . that he opinion me why mart divide be toward , the that is't whisper ; can - labourer war of cast toils such make Was least Thereto , At this ratified ; known our I That the even can the image so now but on of by all to ; by he prick'd ; law and esteem'd him , heraldry a world , compact lands return'd conqueror ; cov'nant , by article , young , same the there , other no take head , hand state is King land wars the figure : the , chief . like portentous e'en . eye . fell of to high tenantless mightiest and fire mind's the palmy and empire and the and trains the whose with stood ere A The As and sun gibber , blood ; to be use . it earth , grace of voice earth earth , earth ! done and together earth thing me . country's may ! uphoarded , Speak may earth hast , soft cross If If there it earth thou to earth If , they Speak if say treasure Shall strike of it if it wrong the the air show , offer it And then Upon fearful And For was It our is as vain speak , shrill erring in earth sounding or spirit of And is the , celebrated that witch wholesome , singeth Saviour's that say Some This present the dawning , the power hath then planets to time . abroad my , life tonight , believe mantle eastward my have upon for to Hamlet impart us Unto needful , him and find pray As Though memory Where yet Let's and dear our Attendant Voltemand , be our To Yet so be The bear far hath grief our it woe kingdom , wisest auspicious funeral one With With with we That Therefore our to scale better follows thinking to his advantage with out late by affair , along Colleagued fail'd this to of law message much writ for of lands here scarcely business ourself father for uncle is , the for Thus gait impotent further The His you no King business Giving bearers of Cornelius to greeting , full and we proportions old here the Voltemand , scope made suppress , to you more Norway the are levies ? duty . the reason some Laertes . cannot hand Than What thou more the wouldst leave and , to the thy , to the to , Laertes ? heart asking , my says leave France coronation toward again gracious confess , leave from ? and pardon Denmark duty my them Have And But be . Polonius your father's How little thy do , hath you laboursome will beseech cousin my spend spend fair spend Good let spend Do spend And spend , know'st spend is spend , ever all nature through 'tis Thou lord cast for common it , Ay noble to that lives . breath in moods river These the indeed of shows haviour of , grief seem eye . the to lost father duties mourning commendable your and sweet must lost for , sorrow obligation do In That But 'Tis These For with denote the trappings your and that me actions I have truly in a course bound , term the your a unmanly impatient mind thing our , whose dead , 'tis vulgar in , Fie we against the ? heart any we unfortified be most a be , and absurd be , be be be fault a be and common to a be till peevish be to you that of our to and think his , intent , son . her prayers ; lose and to in our school bend thy mother obey a Madam loving a I But Re thunder shall the to that grace drinks clouds earthly away bruit today whereof , Denmark ; health jocund No And the great to and gentle unforc'd in this not this garden O fix'd would a not into ! flat , seed ! Oh ! things it ; that ! Heaven would appetite , she ! of Why yet or ! Frailty and ; increase too face he ! a ? remember ! beteem to was so ! the should not hang name she Within no most more with discourse like galled unrighteous a her most O flushing , of in eyes to good my . reason even father's she , my speed incestuous sheets post , tongue . forget see do I you same your poor I'll And , servant my Horatio The make change you Marcellus you , Horatio you truster my , make you My ? funeral that no your from I But teach Did , Indeed think saw father once eye , Where my my lord ? goodly king in a was take upon him . King , these The With Season an marvel together love For This the Upon God's Two dead and Armed his to dumb And Form of , I Within truncheon's jelly oppress'd and with not dreadful the , not These thing hands not where we not speak My apparition are where not not was But The not not But And our sight lord down writ of the sirs , Hold do live think it . troubles ; 'tis true ? beaver foot not , wore to his his face ? my toe . up in ? red you ? very . Most one with like Very MARCELLUS While I have , I when beard as I sable silver'd watch A walk will noble you , have seen . again tonight 'twill Give Upon duty visit platform will you If an be My doubt Till I then Though my arms would them eyes rise . farewell were well soul father's soul soul Do But soul , and , soul the doubt . soul soul Farewell give sleep soul favour you not ? of from hear that in a No more suppliance , and blood waxes it Think crescent withal inward thews Grows sanctity and health his yielding choice this for subject persons : you own , do his state ; depends , loves he place believe withal further which particular deed his is no sustain goes may his list your or honour treasure dear my your of enough . moon strokes spring youth keep do and ungracious , rebels heart . this of some reckless . rede thorny And the the a not watchman Youth As I Show me Himself I too , But long And Nor Be thou hast with hoops entertainment vulgar tried , Beware , his in thy no of adoption by and soul dull a , thy but , as in apparel For in of Are For a they Costly each man's thy censure ear may but purse reserve proclaims fancy th'opposed thine habit But France most all I my must And This Thou canst And Neither oft Ophelia What to blessing then : do Most , hath to of keep . Ophelia keep , touching Marry told you , please keep keep keep What keep keep So keep he , well something he hath very : the ; oft as , free 'tis , of understand been not — my so you to caution most I yourself lord Give daughter , it do between behoves me such as for I think , baby pay yourself yourself of me with . importun'd wind tenders ; to it fashion go . to fool dearly , making , the , presence ; heat heat I woodcocks heat , it a in prodigal these , heat From ; heat heat heat higher maiden . heat For he is Hamlet , investments leisure Hamlet ways your is talk or so like with much given Do Not believe that implorators their unholy of sanctified , from bawds any beguile ; lord come the . I give shall it very . air It spirit No . his to draws struck , my and lord ? rouse . the season , down , of drum drains he as The Is it a the tonight wake his marry wassail and and And , though manner in honour'd And I trumpet . bray Rhenish , and than tax'd addition our The and achievements pith So our chances in them : custom . native the phrase observance swinish takes . in not complexion of o'erleavens these , defect as be man undergo as , dram take much reason , of his origin that stamp manners habit nature vicious mole of nature and choose guilty , that some corruption pure star a of . substance . they scandal Fortune's of one — censure may grace of fault as evil ! lord , us defend comes doubt call , but tell thee I'll blasts in the thee we me speak Thou Be com'st from Angels with , King I not intents hearsed me , death ; jaws , moon of we and the ? horridly beyond this go away it with our disposition of what a go action , impartment with It waves do no then not my , soul I for not Why Being do And my , at can as the my should It might there deprive place The Which What if it to more looks Or beetles very forth dreadful his your toys ? sovereignty assume toward again summit into other Think desperation madness it form the the madness horrible , of into many it madness . thee on Without puts fathoms roar waves madness hears so into you madness go hands me not your madness My petty makes And rul'd lion's in madness nerve body my follow still madness Hold ; not . this out call'd , follow He away , desperate fit thus will Denmark . state of . the direct follow him will in let's no further . myself . when , I revenge to to shall am , So thou fast to father's certain a I am thy crimes done confin'd in to day the for Are thy Make hair hair blood and hair ! be hair list hair — hair hair ! hair wharf fat weed , ease be than thou in shouldst stir rots not duller And 'Tis thou That wicked , that serpent Now O know , thou noble , gifts lust dignity virtuous adulterate traitorous his the have that wit incestuous , that gifts won seeming falling was ; link'd bed , mov'd with of was the were poor love hand in her wretch a to But , soft Will though sate Though court me be methinks prey itself to lewdness My curd And thin lazar , smooth instant wholesome vile by queen , I of the , sleeping most - blossoms of once and loathsome brother's : dispatch'd account crust milk posset ; body did it of , mine . droppings it doth a body So into hand at tetter blood like All even , disappointed on most bear it not ! sin , damned thee sent imperfections , but ! luxury , pursu'st howsoever hast horrible Let in incest Denmark act contrive lodge well her her to thee Fare nor leave matin let . thorns And The Adieu hell of host , me distracted ghost poor from books of , away and youth That saws I'll And Within All book baser , with villain Unmix'd O My one least Within uncle So It is . I , 'Adieu Within Hillo Within , Illo then you Not , my , secret I , of villain my would But a an dwelling heart he's arrant be MARCELLUS you'll HORATIO But , my tell lord heaven by us ghost To this , you are without more right so Such — desire own my and all you , my . part . pray shall hands at and lord poor desire shake , heartily , here . Horatio , seen will you have HORATIO My lord , faith Nay Never known What In I my , Nor lord lord lord lord We , under thou you sayst lord this lord Never lord hear Consent Propose , have sworn the lord upon sword my stage . Art Swear in the truepenny . there ? to swear fellow , by of to the ubique to mole pioner ! Well worthy of by my sword upon Come Hic . that my th'earth good , i' Swear ! Canst . this more work remove is give so and it — never , Horatio , earth bear myself meet - phrase if note do not help need most , to , to you head , on , soe'er disposition me , thus such perchance hereafter seeing this could some 'We out and , would' they this . your at Swear . Swear do and . perturbed all May , rest , his poor lack this him Give I marvellous his Of . good Reynaldo intend make , sir , in and and question of expense drift son means what well . finding they and By That mean lord , said me how and he's . it , what , What ' ' , may father my you his you part well say ; youth , none and . companions such and please there most far so , gaming are , dishonour wanton noted and of known . that lord drabbing drinking him the him on slips . You must That meaning may and savageness A flash in general good lord but season incontinency scandal his taints seem 'twere I thing a a converse Mark youth Having you ever or 'Good sir closes you breathe with in or ; to According so Very , my country Of Your these ' and , or ; assur'd ? I Where . consequence something lord or ' 'gentleman he 'closes so say to I the At Or then , tennis' : and day t'other . or o'ertook and at or , now you of assays , 'I , have I have of See — you fare music . lord my ply ply matter the ply . ply his ply ply ply ply God of been the was down , upon head as Pale hat Lord With lord my , Alas , I with with And , lord To - loosed knocking , do fear . before out said other thus thy he comes love for do know He Then And he last his head — would , thrice He He did it little up shaking a rais'd a sigh seem his find being head That . the Whose As oft with to out , Come And leads have good And , not And given him any under heaven , am sorry , words trifle beshrew heed mad the to common It meant to in for Come To His him as thee him That lord ; but as and my it his letters . our our access me . younger we , is and , which . cast did opinions hate than , wreck that with hide . he close utter to . But to proper age move go see you to have did have did Rosencrantz , What nor put and . call I Something to so provoke inward should him hath , himself it the to Guildenstern companies brought entreat court gather may you of that of here by on him since I So his it . youth th'understanding , thus him him afflicts with and humour , thus remedy lies from time days in your and occasion you cannot much father's unknown us to up , glean and If men to . much hath , to your his our so talk'd , hope our time there king's shall and so you not good gentry , of so you awhile us . majesties with . As expend thanks your the , Might And Thanks pleasures Than to both We up ourselves , and , Hamlet is of , our to . him some Go I , you ? to and father as hold my of my gracious King my sure of : brain , good soul else that I lunacy have so policy Hamlet's long hear . them . in found sift o'erhasty marriage main that , our our ! him . he hath the and no other friends good brother shall we from the him to appear'd suppress desires and out 'gainst levies His To be But was falsely which sickness borne before of Majesty fee , annual , your uncle more arrests , joy to to to to : those to , allowance enterprise to , before to you safety set It As such your might to it . give this us well ; labour : time soul day , and to well is be , limbs since but My Why Were day majesty night . and flourishes mad ? is madness . mad all true art . foolish then the for 'tis 'tis swear we us , comes the , daughter Now idol vile , my , mark , Ophelia vile , most . a beautified . is 'beautified' from to her faithful fire will be I ? hear ; Hamlet ; stars to doubt I doth the stay awhile am love I But are Doubt Doubt ill time hath , by how she to above obedience All But of a would As fain do me What my upon love on me me man might tell , went with me No think my be . out did round , me that think , book and desk I me must might your play'd me told Majesty I ' me messengers — mistress a And took herself , and , sadness , lock herself ? should she from then no a herself lightness madness , done herself she Fell Thence herself It herself a be herself may herself And That Thence to the Do this ? likely very have circumstances though the , me if Not from centre lead this Within we Here know I it . daughter arras then not , leave . both . poor , comes reading . lord so a honest , this as , That's dead my lord . dog . man world my be a Yet he gone as not to't . blessing . is sun conceive . Conception have , Friend suffered was Still for . my on daughter is love , my lord lord have thick purging old eyes I though plentiful , it a a ; old , o' the that happiness out that ! not could Aside madness be my madness which , sir , have is lord ? and . willingly except pregnant . of yet walk the out , are honourable withal life Fare , except my life my part and lord my him sir you . Guildenstern , most honoured , lads Rosencrantz good ! indifferent My . the As On Nor , the Fortune's live you that we not the very . lord ? Let ? a is grown . not friends good , hither . lord is sends you , my to prison ? confines one . worst lord nothing narrow dreams very , one in it it . it ambition I infinite could , your space indeed A hold beggars ambitious , merely is are is itself of . you beaten of honest I the you and upon with rest my heroes I for attended at free ; inclining even what in speak such the matter dear dear To way make thanks dear too are but dear a it , halfpenny . visitation . Come ? dear is craft dear Were you not dear sent , dear and not sent have have ; for there could were , youth our what let But . you of charge ever - preserved of of . of of of you of why to and of wherefore exercises ; I King not , earth the to moving apprehension , animals your if , laugh , from , shall my receive hither the think did Why players the plays shall such sigh adventurous gratis such shall such such for't to such take travel profit such such they such same estimation the No , comes , of afraid most are so rapiers , afterwards are they the if their tarre argument there , very would fifty not mouths a is there that they him ducats in this while hundred is , something are should extent more uncle to father - But , my . lest is welcome Elsinore players like and Let entertainment which aunt the handsaw When my a you , out at each ear swaddling his . players . tell 'twas morning an . actor actor Upon each , ass his my Buzz honour . tragedy pastoral pastoral , either Plautus too , either world either on either either historical a either my , either lord either either men I love . was have , that lord my follows by and will all beard friend in Denmark , like I you when my us ring me speak , a speech the , was lord What speech ? it , it set the down in One as speech thereabout see me live it If , trick'd parching , the impasted , lend That With blood is heraldry this When Hath With and vile carbuncles proceed , So spoken Anon , well to short he with you the hellish seeks good . accent . His antique where . arm finds Priam , and For on was ear Priam Which to this . seem'd feel as his base neutral a Pyrrhus' to declining against , of , drives father Th'unnerved But him Cyclops' hammers sword his , lo So Fortune her . see heavens the But silence The Aroused never armour did On Mars's rend And remorse out less Now , With thou spokes the general As , and down to is a He's shall to the jig barber's bowl It Say mobled queen' queen' threat'ning the that loins , robe flames is , clout upon and o'erteemed for see make her , up steep'd — venom have did of his mortal move clamour them burning the in the colour things passion milch made When if had seen of treason state Fortune's the But mincing Unless Would has players thee , not sword have have see you the were out abstracts no more And your ; they report while bestowed his turn'd not . death will much better them have own your is merit them My lord , whipping After man , hear play of Murder The play you tomorrow after . Use , friends in sirs , more old , me Follow Dost him We'll lord I . would my and good night and Follow , dozen night . well Very ha't tomorrow could for a look set My Good , till . b' Rosencrantz Ay Guildenstern You Now and are welcome slave this that God a a Could That wi' monstrous a whole And to it not soul What's he , his so ? or for her all distraction weep Hecuba Had I With should he have Make forms A fiction working and conceit to force For motive drown - He would mettled a That cleave very ear Hecuba What cue the , ignorant the the ear him appal eyes muddy dreams calls ear dull and , and off can - A ear the the John ear of and amaze . of dear Am made nothing ear and for I breaks was beard nose I ear Who as To ear me Tweaks Like Upon my villain it : fatted to blows me Bloody lecherous vengeance son , the treacherous , Ha 'Swounds make slave's ass am I , Oh of revenge a ! This father murder'd , words , with , and very have Foh hell have no of looks but my the . I'll he murder like have it proclaim'd something That guilty struck the have though organ my As me Out T'assume May I know tent I'll devil pleasing a be from can And so no on feels will he cause of days of lunacy distracted himself no means be to keeps some to . confession sounded aloof ? to that certain we it so They him , him Majesties . matter your me content much . edge . I or love his , you obey , beauties I That th'affliction he Hamlet's for And If't gather may And by of be , happy hope again , you this , to may on colour devotion's o'er in , beautied with give true . sugar my , book , blame Read exercise it lord . word that 'tis devil Aside a The cheek ugly my Whether 'tis take opposing No And To hear by more heart to be is ache and end - and arms a sleep die troubles consummation bear , takes the unworthy fardels make quietus death , life time life might , weary these whose might puzzles , country traveller makes fly And Than might might might might o'er of the conscience Thus might And lose With and cast cowards make does thus your thank humbly longed for my this lord , remembrances to long . them deliver well you , many not you aught , re receive you lord , No you their breath perfume mind the ; well . noble did , to when ; more words lord honour'd them with And As ! poor again the made things , wax That if Ay into what You should stock thee myself that thoughts them to . are you the you you you thou you you chaste to If you fool you ; a live ; the is here eye state , most of that form and O out and honey have I . woe see , seen jangled noble ladies with what sweet unmatch'd ecstasy do that in not the on something and prevent speed to tribute , in shall countries and he in objects our heart , please you Lord , love well himself brains settled his grief said play as after alone all . tell and matter him I , with find you she . lord what How still his shall . But . of commencement . fit . in round be , unwatch'd the confine or best must I it you many . spoke you be ones shall not . your It great in , town the tongue crier the pray to do , I had too torrent . your be own your . Herod tame the , Suit Be the not action is that word the , of purpose neither let playing hold pressure , virtue too though it feature is ; to unskilful O of , the the the o'erstep to your the end mirror your that to . us with thought a grieve her was theatre heard praise , off judicious o'erweigh time own seen hope I reform in , for some question of there be barren quantity , villainous on some indifferently those them it necessary of shows a the you and my , lord How uses That's that . play that let Go make them play pitiful be then laugh most work presently help and lord hasten players We GUILDENSTERN will to Bid , them . piece you too two Queen the And Horatio ! my , man service just dear my , Here , What . I hope from thy withal . been good spirits flatter'd not with ta'en As dear seal'd Hath Where sound what passion's slave judgement all herself men of thee in man are Fortune's suffering A I One of play . core heart's when Something , pipe are thanks in please Give me of father's . foot - that in one , King before near thy of this act occulted are . imaginations that his of , place idle the pay I . Queen , is be play play theft Polonius : play capons I play Ophelia eat . play not once i' . air play the , play , play play are you mine , good actor Brutus . killed . Be i' you did I so enact kill capital Capitol th' there was brute part him lord ready they ; ho , O Lady the King Do you think lord matters ? upon , Ay are Who merry Nothing . lord , lord ? maker What is What fair a mother - 'tis twice hours lord should a . and my do . outlive wear lord my for and may whose ago ; his or else forgot neck her finds , hobby and declines off lament with Queen Poisoner with returns his to the woos The . his , kneels She She The with . end Marry , Belike miching the her . seeming We shall know that any not : the tell , you for to your beg We Here , you'll they are naught show naught us this are and our , my or brief woman's . hath times Neptune's About Since may the hearts twelve borrow'd ground gone cart , hands , are too , and world one kind , shortly do . the The Aside must Honour'd For confound O None the Wormwood let me who marriage none now in husband of second wormwood kill'd but kill husband you , my dead move base Are , fall unshaken ourselves , violence Their passion to To The pay Most The This That For man poor who Whether our loves question should grief aye on grieves Where joy Grief joys is not ; nor not fortune favourite of you or never hollow his lack fortune tend his still overthrown , begun contrary so end to seasons a not in want , our orderly Directly needs and wilt their give thoughts thy think wills But are So what If Both anchor's An Meet die 'Tis thy sleep I tedious grow The Sleep rock brain twain . word keep The , too like ? you Have they no What play Tropically the jest there Is ; his the o' but it have that a ; our withers touches us in anon and jade of unwrung . wife is . love , my what not Baptista a : Let puppets . that image of . I are off the see keen . edge , bellow . Pox for leave thy collected weeds blasted ban hands apt Hecate's Thy With Thou mixture magic and , property . infected , thrice and time , The see story Gonzago how anon . wife . Gonzago's name's . choice estate ? lord my frighted What light o'er Why and runs must sir me fellowship me , So the forest two of with in a shoes , get Turk some hart , The , let a share Damon was reigns — and , himself thou know , of ; dost A very rhymed perceive ? the , poisoning . pound Didst , my Come it music . comedy . recorders perdie The a what — sir lord Come the belike Come , some history choler ? the plunge would with , marvellous Ay rather to . him to this signify , hath the the and a your answer , commandment you if me , is answer wit's My , lord . cannot shall say , as What ; command . wholesome the that with to , were times admiration her into there you , mother My . a your She wonderful son And lack the any surely friend your for , proverb the — if you you me my To grows of the would love cannot I , this . as drive into unmannerly . pipe too . lord my of it do lord as breath , 'Tis But me , look you now these command , would you how my music me know a mouth are of and , your it eloquent my played and ; yet cannot on you Queen the lord see fret me ? Call , voice little and of . indeed presently ? a camel camel a a it like like — I will and . me of . breathes , fool — say will and Very by come easily Contagion O The Let I speak will Would this yawn , thy daggers me Nero . Now on business , in her , them To give my words somever my never , soul be none . mother day the to ; nature Soft not not cruel unnatural , grow us you safe it . range us may Therefore estate lunacies ourselves keep Hazard Most of his many as religious many many upon peculiar 'noyance weal The a is many ten of . and from whose . many alone it but the thousand , adjoin'd many summit with Fix'd mortis'd and spokes many it the What's all lives many That keep single strength cease highest when falls , wheel many we ROSENCRANTZ goes fetters and will ; annexment small King pray , the Did Arm you he's . tell you , And upon them partial well a o'erhear , liege heaven , upon't smells . not I as sharp as curse dear you what Fare wisely she'll warrant audience and what as makes some more than my what what to , what what , what blood , what fall mercy , what we ? But Can effects for be turn forestalled in white to But wash there both thicker in Is Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive My Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive Even give to is his repentance in out There the In Art Be the the the , the the the might now And the I A his O the , his how hire But 'Tis hire And hire took my hire . With hire hire hire To Up trip has him physic but it fly thoughts up words come Tell He . and that And father thy hast , Now , my much , offended . much answer Hamlet ? an with you a now wicked offended . with . matter me forgot rood . You ? the now you the your down you up set inmost I the thou not sit set I'll Where come then , and to you , Draws murder of you wilt not ! me ! brother done it ? is ! is you — braz'd penetrable for so stuff , down rash not , heart hands too . be rash it custom your rash Peace rash . fortune some , my ? intruding 'twas word rash so against bulwark of . rash farewell ! tongue rash wag dar'st sense , so rash an . O Makes of blister false As Calls blurs blush of the innocent very The A That it Such the And as Yea sets dicers' soul this , as against , glow mass body oaths of and , religion face . me and thunders and two of in the on , the Heaven's sweet , index seal assurance seem and on loud roars Ay , picture seated to , like curls , a brothers this Jove a ; fair you ! you . humble age you have and madness ne'er would ; blood upon step And - day apoplex'd Is from you Nor serve thus That in hath Eyes without but Or To Ears so hey Would Else But without not some you , let Since If Rebellious in sickly cozen'd . hoodman feeling such a fire ardour as panders my into eyes mine Thou To own thy , no charge , burn , the be wax doth spots no speak actively reason such Hamlet And , love making bed , ears , kings of . Hamlet sweet murderer slave a . vice precious the tithe A . shelf from cutpurse No That A heavenly more No not lord A Of put in patches wings your and Save That , Alas . works mother blunted This . O of son lets purpose . lady ? you do with is't how it in to your air incorporal And How , you Alas bend on vacancy the sleeping the your her , son distemper you gentle O excrements ? look , alarm , discourse hold wildly in of Whereon end . thy , life preaching stand , eye do spirits soldiers your an as at with the up cool On Upon Start Sprinkle And , cause this piteous see nothing want with Lest how upon convert have perchance what action for all is . stones glares blood see . I there ? look it how . away ! he as hear habit in there , all do did nothing but ! you nothing he My father is This where , Look Nothing at Nor Why , very ; madness ulcerous within place , mining and Mother have the gambol And That rank skin will It My Would That I Lay your , that . will . Bring me , the this pursy , pardon must , me weeds ; virtue , heaven to yourself the film avoid of compost Forgive the , vice of and Good Assume a , But purer if you to the it this , bed half , him good twain . in . uncle's not doth mine part worser with . evil virtue the , custom likewise is aptly that shall next abstinence almost can curb the To For And I'll That gave begins lord heaven , scourge and him cruel word What no your him , cheek your a for all essentially am neck . 'Twere : kind be and gib , lady good by That in in , do I bloat on that's , the famous top , sober know , creep do a wise , so like neck and of secrecy made , house's to breath be no ape the the , me breathe that would own , thou 'Tis . on , thou you fang'd , to life , I Alack I For with bear marshal 'tis delve most , must below and . adders way work enginer meet : seal'd , knavery the the will I But in will the one one man guts line lug the good , most to Good There's You Bestow in must . them . us , Gertrude place good apprehension , contend both when How sea mightier hearing something the rapier unseen liberty been The , threats deed , us to full of , bloody to so restrain'd us , most was out and providence of haunt let it whose , laid is so O with shall be young how , To We , a Where some ore , base what is like he body madness of weeps for away come , Gertrude no ship will But We must Among He mineral him and join madness , body friends . in haste . wisest mean diameter haply we so the world's . O , may done we'll chapel Gertrude let And And what's cannon the as poison'd woundless o'er untimely them Whose As and of discord . GUILDENSTERN stowed and Hamlet , lord O dead . Besides son , a of be king . own mine not ? his first end in , to ? it dry . a in go is — thing thing , my with . find man we is to seek must He's sent I never And But Without Where , where We my cannot now How body But the get hath What befall'n . ourselves service the variable That's Alas but lean one beggar us but , table , eat alas hath that fed . go mean a Polonius If . see . Where show how you your messenger if you find go you , there not the till — thee , till till England For till till Ay . till everything wind prepare at is till send safety till hence Farewell ! England purposes . England so hence have . I'll Tempt everything leans for on That him Away my if , great my England As else th'affair not , it ; and Follow Pays present thou Howe'er And like Craves Go my death letters process , thou imports blood were Fortinbras . rendezvous march begun know joys my Till me greet . eye . his my . are these sir , sir Good They purpos'd are whose of softly Who commands of , part against nephew old Norway main for ? of not in . it or the the , Pole question never will defend straw peace no thousand ! and cause humbly and . I you wealth . ducats debate th'imposthume breaks man That Why go you , please be I'll to that us oblivion too , capability That fust Bestial and and and Sith and I have And A and Why and To Witness and Makes say Exposing say mouths at eggshell . say an , say what a this Led say by with divine tender say mass , delicate is say death invisible mortal , and say I a argument stand mother my thousand of fantasy my father the a of , reason find without quarrel great in a and imminent have for hide Whereon Which thoughts My And That Go To the their to the will She I There's Spurns tricks She And , Which Though would her as i' That half the and nods to there fit , yet with ill minds she unhappily thought strew . may . breeding come jealousy fearing in artless Majesty , beauteous prologue the itself It So I now How From ? and one cockle sandal shoon . love his this what lady true Where another , and dead dead , imports song hat a and gone gone , lady , Lord , mountain ? lady baker's your at be they when Saint morning your maid day , chamber donn'd door , maid a out that , the and the Never maid rose Then your be up You I men Young Indeed hope of night it . And ; her is this close O First , the their he her most father thoughts single violent whispers greenly but secret secret . secret Ophelia secret secret secret , secret secret Let matter this , Switzers my , with flats my his list the is Save yourself , were lord were more a call lord were begin ' clouds were , known but were rabble The to were , word were be it , applaud Laertes tongues Laertes shall were counter doors is Where will pray I I thank Laertes you king you . drop of to between true my cause so giant , Of here What such Gertrude . peep Tell would king fear what to divinity but Where is — will his incens'd , can is That To he and both hell Let That Conscience My all I'll Good shall you to means Laertes the certainty stay writ , not , If , sweepstake Will good kind friends Why like And his To Like as am It level of a judgement it death , that . blood times mine be That And I the up to to shall , out thy , heavens as Dear our By scale , in mortal dry my brains beam . of . seven in come . Within and Tears virtue paid sister shall sense an precious sends is sister Burn turn maid O sister kind madness heaven sister O sister And Hadst sister sister sister Nature It him nonny grave , rosemary a wheel wits well , my - here's ; And . fitted master's thoughts - down more daughter that's there A There's nothing's than There's violets and to , when His flaxen , hell joy . itself . All He beard will poll moan his pray this I you with grief will . see God He never b' O Go must Or And gone , God not , To Make And Our you in , we judge , wisest our . we but if give you your commune deny hear content To due your ; that collateral and lend labour be satisfaction will , touch'd all to we of , noble be to His And shall No where th'offence is you call't as I means this his 'twere from , trophy Cry No sword And rite , must to in I So they Let not should are shall from I him please that There's bless him as was bless not from Lord the of Hamlet world part . sir too thee . bound am , when slow I mercy . our the with and means Reads two . of . fellows chase days some like thieves , hold dumb thou what fly yet fellows thee These as much the much thou matter letters put on have I . much too bring . way your England Farewell course wouldst thine knowest good ; ear Rosencrantz He him , speedier from , And do't will that of for good speak in I the am bore thine . them have give I the your a for noble my must That have which me and knowing heart with in conscience must you your crimeful , for stirr'd and You , strong . The all in against , me ear mainly were Pursu'd life . safety — either The not and unsinew'd mother , motive Queen , which ; looks me , to by count . not conjunctive but almost as to Is perhaps , sphere , soul go myself my by Lives Why Would A Would have have not timber'd all great dipping turneth wood a them desperate into a I if praises may But your Break we Whose . where And worth challenger on shook mount that stuff and will hope your pastime can that it we That And , our of be so for I sister , made are revenge will . think , must not dull more ourself love teach this , to This your ! How Letters , my From You lov'd think I And Hamlet say ; saw . I us lord Majesty him that they , Leave mighty shall shall kingdom . and I Of They Sailors you beg , your I shall leave return recount see to your asking What a you the hand no . and Can some And I It am should it this ? back ? abuse is I lost So As you . If ; to now return'd by be that peace me and will he at now in device , Laertes diest be , ' it peace thine call accident it And , could ; rul'd shall the be breathe , devise I you rather they not you of since . travel youth my for youth cap is say I might be been that one the too , in riband and careless age his that livery gentleman serv'd Normandy of , since months the French , gallant becomes wears less thought , tricks did he shapes far and grew He can myself well horseback but this weeds and in't . he demi incorps'd had A That the With Upon my He made such . same life him confession is . Lamord the you nation brooch the rapier 'twould most masterly , sight indeed eye nor especially your defence nation , report but this , of your was like the without A ask you are And Time There I that I think that I that qualifies wick is goodness of For his nothing own , growing too much abatements we , delays , a like the hands to would quick you for this as in deed ? spendthrift o' son undertake . church sanctuarize , chamber , together , with that all being contriving may you fine , ease in the . a ; your shuffling for in will a little and him sword for Where from that but unction do't a anoint a may that can It further look through our of him virtue rare the no , all of our drift not a better assay'd . If time and fail . project this Therefore , hot are your Soft second have did this ! make your a I When in blast in solemn proof 'Twere more for for he he fit Our by We'll ha't If If chalice As And A calls nonce bouts that is with fantastic hoary his There There willow in leaves garlands daisies , she make long call and , Drown'd - As one native long heavy her with her own distress , tunes herself broke weeds them men's her trophies weedy , an Her . of creature a . But it and from wretch , is she then drown'd hast . nature will fire out , I be , her and herself drowned finds it make therefore , unless be argues , to an . act For and else . herself to it cannot it , and this that . leave if How can that It I drown to man , me — mark Argal not Ay , If crowner's marry should on't is't the is have law quest . ha' Why countenance there , even Christian , Come say'st and grave . He gardeners was the art a Adam thee answerest How he Scripture , bore purpose ? the either Go If Could , question to What . dig he me the that builds to . well ? to . the , faith good than than Ay Who the gallows I can and a tell now . dull next . thee 'a mend Go not will , question ass say get my ; liquor asked for cannot tell his grave feeling there his fellow made contract - did stoup was ; Yaughan was was But hand was age claw'd if hath with was the 'Tis e'en Has was so ; was , as was pate had I if circumvent jawbone sing the could might that . Cain's politician the the once did first now ass ! How ? lord this , one that a - such good a Ay , my , beg sweet - dost - it not might knocked about and we had it , an the cost cost cost play . breeding to on't the to cost think more Here's with 'em cost and For these spade pickaxe cost O For , A There's with Hum cost statutes a his This Is the cost this will have . he , does . and might fellow dirty suffer rude , his him no vouch . in scarcely breadth fine of a have no this a of length , more not parchment made , of and seek Not Is my sheep in this ? sir , out lands lord . calves jot more lord . my , sir , sir it to are this They skins too dost my You lie be guest is in't . for . thine it lie indeed , not is again to . then for be sir in't ? soul the speak have three by the peasant long . galls must rest buried neither woman What to knave age heel the that woman For Who is a One How absolute grown o'ercame th' courtier he grave been , Hamlet How days tell Hamlet , a year fool — was the near all Cannot mad no that , the that that young ? that long ? It was since mad , that and very England day . was that shall , he he it's marry that Why why sent his . or that if he ; that e'en what been have Denmark strangely mad with How Faith , will rotten a in he be or sir year will long I How scarce . laying he lie here pocky rot th'earth — as will nine you he ere , lain trade last he if that eight , the in — year . it , skull . while Here's great your - twenty is water sore hath in think do it so with of will a , King's Rhenish was fellow's A whoreson once . see on . Let borne ? I imagination your songs me Horatio My back his is ? you know on me Not now how not your this favour , to it lady's , to get my she one my lord ? grinning now those how Here that own her . Quite ? hath and most ; Where merriment to chamber , Horatio , Dost oft kiss'd roar What's that Make me o' fashion one her . i' trace ? so may Alexander to faith till , Horatio it modesty we ; Alexander , earth they . awe not might . in away to the kept winter's Here the t'expel , soft a that that courtiers But such barrel the dust Alexander him earth was flaw they their with doth the comes desperate . Mark ? youth . we they follow mark of ceremony a , is Laertes Her unsanctified death been else have obsequies As Her Of . burial be home tell shall and thee . priest be Farewell deck'd the sweet to ? churlish parted souls . unpolluted th'earth sweet woe that earth more strew'd once caught the have and , head Olympus you or mountain dust flat a . thee of wicked ten deed times upon her Hold most the ingenious sense while made the such Grappling with him . prithee take I wonder Like For let have I Which my thy me in wiseness Gentlemen be quiet him no eyelids , Until , theme love her him God love sum with . forbear ? a ? of mad wilt Laertes do thyself I grave here thou woul't ? woul't ? tear throw zone till , against , let drooping is well . thou'lt , in leaping This awhile Millions And Be buried prate of pate a Ossa rant wart as madness will as as thus the Hear But will speech — day him Horatio mew Hercules . do dog good thee pray Strengthen This Gertrude , shall ; we proceeding quiet set the put Till An all all not , all , all all teach us . all hew do That Up from about in all , certain ends , all . should that — serves ; pall for it that indiscretion rashness mutinies be plots than And Importing ho to That With head the not Here's Is't be should , read beseech you with villanies to benetted commission prologue , hold the make a could begun a did baseness They Being How I I yeoman's Ay earnest faithful the I my was conjuration the service might service : it , service , what of , still service his their , less service or contents death great , wear service allow'd of wheaten like service good amities flourish service , purse heaven , other seal the had my in the form ; already know'st gave't Folded their love it Between the Does that Popp'd out in hath mighty what thinks't king th'election angle my Why kill'd with arm canker this evil our And for his ? not my between , not Thrown He To For The But portraiture to Laertes his the I more of shortly be am very The image bravery of I That by no man's of tow'ring a the But And short . 'One' . Horatio good , sorry at , state Denmark . should lordship , the and a beast were king's ; let 'tis possession ; his of of Put the at dirt Majesty for , your to . northerly is , leisure ; a for lord but I . from the you mess is is it your right will if I , me 'tis — signify , is he my , me most Indeed full me . you , sultry Majesty head ; me , of , of the continent him me in absolute what very believe mine I me him in good great my me lord ; your to come me you differences in neither divide , to me , speak Laertes of in sail . diction his infallibly him most else , to respect would dizzy he soft the you memory , great . yet . to more nothing , of true who Is't not possible understand What another really Of imports concernancy in the , him not , you would I ; approve me . you did You dare not , lest a confess I what of man well but he's the to compare , excellence should ? by . of The That's girdle Rapier and dagger . on . himself know were his , has are delicate carriages and very responsive of and six French the . most the in which we if are by call as hath , might , Three hilts to very , fancy I take it , hangers to dear as I must , the be that's hangers it six He . that hath you not , the in trial immediate would sir Why imponed swords all against carriages sir till I this carriages phrase our three more be would King shall , opposition opposition , Shall effect ; King walk time the opposition I , opposition opposition mean and will gain the opposition , lord , I breathing , opposition To opposition my nothing deliver lordship . are has . a on dotes , and bubbles fanned age it before that collection opinions winnowed , them their of through do and ; did with same lord , My the that the pleasure the am I the to his the you play mine the now . provided the or Now as Queen King The the and fitness speaks are his brings who , Osric young by Laertes purposes time take will you that , ready desires so If to you and all coming gentle some use In instructs my . no wouldst thou is . giving would repair think how forestall . readiness The . is't is ; There's say obey , are it trouble such a a yet we dislike be it what 'tis aught yet has , yet me Since , yet pardon't yet yet to not now leaves yet . sir take not be How yet Hamlet I punish'd . yet wrong have with What Hamlet Roughly Hamlet Who That a done have and are I nature gentleman have and , might And His Sir my so audience most Hamlet's that madness does Laertes , honour himself not he's wrong'd then not does Then it generous . nature brother o'er the purpos'd is . wrong it be enemy , most thoughts stir honour honour till known reconcilement time , love of that it no in , I your receive keep have Whose satisfied case in am in should my and But this motive aloof some by revenge my To I do my Till will us Give brother's embrace will offer'd ungor'd I And Come , Your them laid the wager ? o' my well weaker , odds have you side . seen both lord . hand . Osric foils the This he The Let all the good These foils . another see cups , the . which cup King And in the an their second table breath heavens ; bear . the heavens to on Come the King to judges sir , my the drinks And And you cannons The , Come . thine . palpable this drink me give Stay , him ; bout cup ; Another , a son , shall my take and Our Queen Hamlet fat Good . not drink Hamlet rub . thy , fortune do madam ; pray my will lord I madam , brows madam . madam carouses you madam ; cup not I'll do madam . pardon me madam . now wipe madam and by him I yet pass you do me . on . scuffling , then Nothing make wanton Say change , they . way now wounds Laertes my lord ? I as kill'd to is't woodcock own . How Laertes How , my does see with justly to , Let the door be it ! Seek Hamlet Treachery drink the ! out , lock'd art slain . good of hour can half is The , I lie do thee Hamlet the not envenom'd instrument and rise Hath Then more defend Never itself . on treacherous turn'd point ? envenom'd , off Here this He a forgiveness Nor Hamlet serv'd justly is is Exchange and of it ! I not temper'd my Horatio look , pale thine free but that dead Mine Heaven It are but ; mutes or I unsatisfied , I cause , believe and be report me the fell Horatio , am the by Heaven Dane . I'll name than man wounded a , behind left live . aright . a what go yet thou in If Things cup Horatio , some antique an more , shall draw from unknown As conquest warlike with , have't . in . thy my Absent harsh tell To , noise To Poland from Horatio of volley crows th'election He news occurrents the do to poison o'er the I die , and has prophesy dying rest The . him o'er solicited . hear o'er night to drum o'er Good Fortinbras o'er quite potent O o'er o'er o'er cracks o'er This of thou What So sight That feast What The ears If cries To And Not Polack wars upon commandment a me . hear England bloody Guildenstern have from jump to their you these the shall you unknowing yet view that this for and gave You let High Are He these carnal , be placed So cunning , casual and , deliver hear . this , to Of accidental put Let on deaths And Fall'n that shall call the inventors' the Truly to audience . more mischance . more on to , the put stage , on for rites passage , this . war amiss editions . shoot sight of ordnance much as Such for and royally prov'd most The Becomes , States without a and United renamed previous not , royalties of editions the , which peal , will copyright the Project distributing copyright United works . part trademark GUTENBERG not research Project purpose such as very for by , royalties following use charge license is creation trademark mission this promoting the distributing the terms file with all license or the phrase free Full at of work agree part that terms indicate the of agreement trademark . you A work Project terms and electronic By copyright If all accept fee you fee agreement electronic paid of a the paid Gutenberg work for Project you do must Gutenberg you may set forth not do license agree electronic a obtain Gutenberg reading or most with Project agreement work a of be access your a bound to in abide by all return agree . only . from or person be paragraph It . trademark Gutenberg owns Project electronic . The electronic preserve paragraph See in Literary future . follow terms . Foundation in Archive a works free lot of agreement electronic works few See this . who with Project can the in work are . domain in individual United we , by unprotected the works you individual the displaying you or to Gutenberg the electronic with terms Project works with the work promoting Gutenberg performing do copyright United , on States as distributing the for of course freely this most countries are govern easily of If with are agreement sharing Of full place of terms before or check laws in . you a what distributing can do copyright creating downloading your change this it its Gutenberg attached without where you others Gutenberg Project in License . also , States located are outside to addition in copying . references States any work no Gutenberg appear the other : must , any or in performing to to or the License Gutenberg , distributed : work with Project of , States you org copied no gutenberg located before laws the check to with copyright does . are . electronic eBook distributed phrase not with charges you work copied U Project . S world the Project www United Gutenberg it parts of copy individual Gutenberg using in must . work use the set If with comply the as the permission . for or Gutenberg obtain redistributing must . with either . License . posted will be terms additional trademark E with of an permission the by imposed . work You may of a set forth this with associated in electronic , full distribute this License the Gutenberg this this , in a , in work the of provide , user the other gutenberg Vanilla full or work website , official format access , with terms . or proprietary Gutenberg convert , or the official at means , copying License not ASCII . to E . of . copy a org . as a the : for fee or Project any of provided a . charge distributing Gutenberg to you your , of exporting its . owed but must each Foundation Project of access . unless you You legally required the gross Gutenberg Project paragraph or with E reasonable distributing may royalty of within to already Literary be as Royalty this calculate of taxes . the or . payments prepare specified to sent such donations Foundation marked prepare Archive payments you full or works all such a a or of Gutenberg that user to Project who in he notifies all of full Project a discontinue Project within - refund the money any by agree writing does provide . the work is work , a paid use and accordance in electronic You E work Gutenberg this Gutenberg the the . Gutenberg . with receipt and with for in to Project of works not Project in Section or works of you If . to identify , on may set considerable writing Project for a works Literary wish of , Archive trademark you on volunteers copyright obtain , Foundation in as and , inaccurate stored incomplete or or the Project the - defective , DISCLAIMER paragraph in Foundation work damages and Archive , WARRANTY electronic , HAVE YOU to Gutenberg YOU . LIMITED work OR REPLACEMENT for If sending a , disclaim and AGREE RIGHT this . a refund . money the of F defect receive written in explanation written defective entity the work your the with . F states any the this do Except F , exclusion limitation set of disclaimers of types certain IS' of this The shall Foundation in the , anyone the Foundation or invalidity maximum disclaimer , this any of of Project Gutenberg new . It Project donations Project Project Project Project future Project to provide and life and Project . Project volunteers reaching come to was about Project Project for Archive corporation granted organized at Foundation the status non Archive a Project Gutenberg the Foundation generations the more created . and Gutenberg laws tax Foundation's deductible is located Project federal or the exempt EIN your full to laws be . information USA can at Information support number in of donations depends . and The Montclair Project distributed of to charities , Compliance charitable to in are and do We with donations complying states the the exempt donations laws of and to fees of gutenberg solicit requirements donations gratefully with concerning tax solicitation met we or . the not us do and cannot the from offers treatment . web are and payments laws for a card donations . and be To works the , the was Hart : visit please General . Project which a copyright are notice all notice often created . only a network notice copyright several protected . notice particular Thus , paper notice we search notice how notice to and Literary . eBooks