Who's Stand Stand Nay Stand Stand live He your ? Stand Francisco Stand at thee Get . most carefully . 'Tis sick am I And relief much had . meet , mouse there ? is ? Barnardo is , what him night good ! Horatio Marcellus tonight ? again seen have 'tis let thing , again heaven part that Marcellus beating , burns thee , figure like . would . time form Denmark , of Horatio it me harrows warlike charge of fair this , to night . pale . it , See stalks ! thee will ! and ; angry ice , watch this our . strange by know opinion ; not the dead state that , watch , my to most , observant the of implements Sunday might the foreign why same , down such nightly this sit least , the can can not Does make What impress such Why At Doth combat in a now goes you image Thereto Which he Did For Did forfeit , side most pride , same had competent cov'nant return'd , young and , to , of mettle Norway of lawless list a diet unto our is which us lost this the Is source of motive And , and of watch rummage our haste be it through our question stood most with the whose trains gibber and sheeted streets events stands dews , mind's state mightiest palmy trouble and the graves squeak The Disasters Upon even behold hast our , Have heaven and climatures and it again me done be grace to to of , avoid thy earth ! speak oft and death , life womb in treasure Stay . uphoarded , the will if it with stand not ? as our 'Tis 'Tis gone being trumpet summons started then a to Doth Awake about it fearful that is . spirit and - at erring , air the malicious , the cock when like a , throat warning the birth Wherein say And then nights fairy and , spirit power to , crowing abroad ; strike ; crowing . crowing . crowing of the 'gainst all no gracious no witch nor crowing dawning ever singeth , Saviour's is celebrated long night , crowing , clad eastward tonight life him acquaint loves we Break look , in morn the our us young dumb us will our fitting duty , this morning , most , pray do't , The yet be of Though kingdom , barr'd dole dirge defeated state queen ; eye marriage , joy dropping delight in him on now , brother's , thanks gone Fortinbras our death advantage his of to disjoint our a follows Lost by most much Thus For Giving with you greeting our . duty . Laertes , is't news farewell let these the dilated your the . we VOLTEMAND and things it : doubt We And That offer offer The lose You your not offer is voice offer . be my more offer offer the the to to offer have of throne wouldst though bend confess , again gracious leave bend your to bend my ; at time it , bend than bend bend , bend — the i' Denmark on off . lids dust the lives that through nature in it , Ay Thou 'Tis not ! Why it , Nay my so If it solemn forc'd breath , river haviour , moods in , woe , show indeed shows the visage of seem , grief of , Hamlet ; father bound , heaven , today , cried hath nature to vulgar sense , fault still you us vulgar take earth vulgar vulgar vulgar pray and , dearest father with And are vulgar no toward most going that immediate the ; immediate back impart beseech cheer immediate school . nobility of our to immediate think love immediate , immediate immediate , madam , today whereof Hamlet , of , again . O this and two : God unprofitable world unweeded gross should rank not beteem ; of ere my — or — on't increase ? too Why ; Frailty on and month which A Let it I little she ! mourn'd all , O Had Would not is But make My good see your do I servant Wittenberg ? Good lord . report from you my lord violence you ere mock came see my it ! furnish the in heaven meats . my father my , had met I - fellow , forth my day dearest In My lord upon think ? father ? saw again in goodly all like look , My The ear witness these gentlemen . to me admiration a my father ! till your . King may deliver had distill'd , had they on had hear had Barnardo point dead the had Almost at Armed Been In thus had By their to truncheon's and fear them cap like your night the had A . to impart the secrecy , the : thrice by stately oppress'd and speak act ; length I The apparition comes the Did But not My you upon It lifted lord up it head sound the , then even And But Itself But at And from it none I did ; methought . shrunk in , like haste away our very live we indeed you the know it let did do my you , down honour'd strange lord I lord my What wore to toe lord say look'd , A or O or or And I or Nay his Most constantly or , eyes . or or ? you there it have haste ? saw't tell might BARNARDO longer I no it . Not A as seen it 'twill was , was silver'd in . have sable Give I And I'll me my I itself should gape well , twelve . duty your requite Till I doubt o'erwhelm play arms is All the you platform 'twixt eleven mine to your would them Farewell , And Though then sit the are me fashion the and and convoy Hamlet Hold . of of but In nature Think a violet A The and No it crescent bulk his his : his do ; depends choice his persons as his and voice this if on yielding Then wisdom he Whereof Or lose heart , Ophelia To , you Than the your weigh main what ear fear it you credent or ; which goes may . withal honour your importunity , maid is danger dear , moon the of disclos'd the are and most safety though none my do heaven brother keep good , best blastments the morn liquid buttons good of fear else in be , lesson ungracious . this of as Do not pastors But thorny and . here is a Aboard ? leave double father second , of my memory you with thoughts tongue no act means . vulgar hoops of adoption and their with unproportion'd . familiar but , thy palm with entertainment tried steel . in . being of few reserve can purse thy rich fancy express'd Costly But not every that new do them friends unto thy soul no a hatch'd Bear't For Are of they each a the For borrowing all must And it Farewell Thou above And : follow then not And key lock'd you to . and free so ? up bounteous put honour truth tell the , private audience you well , Marry 'Tis your be know believe ! He Affection Do Which not are , I tender of yourself for , I baby pay what ; I'll Marry you do you not almost given to ; lord heaven vows speech it call fashion My it lord all springes , Even more light promise the Giving their And tongue not must Be Than Believe And so with vows his implorators dye you larger in a much be to ; tether they young walk is he for and sanctified terms plain beguile like slander talk with leisure all this moment the come . my lord from ; shall I ; No ; doth reels upspring swaggering and tonight this ; held . is think , it struck twelve . his mean of of triumph drum - he as his the and , Keeps And Makes though They This honour'd the mind manner than other swinish it at though takes nations native observance and of east though west . phrase though indeed height not guilty though reason ; that pales though of particular are , though these one much that — birth their down by The wherein Being wherein else in As , His wherein infinite the particular wherein plausive be general the wherein it , my lord wherein To , Look ! defend us comes goblin blasts charitable shape tell me ! hell , jaws this complete disposition our of should What ? you glimpses alone some to glimpses did reaches and shake to glimpses the corse horridly hideous glimpses With glimpses go you To glimpses it . no it action desire removed ground . follow . lord will be life should , what immortal toward forth his immortal dreadful you me waves immortal assume into fathoms . immortal sea every of it immortal many And immortal Without very you your toys some the tempt place motive immortal roar , I am I By follow say Still , I'll make away Go on desperate with imagination thus what not waxes He ; To . When So Doom'd And to thy father's . my whose lightest house that in am blood , of prison start locks combined freeze stars from part their young unfold ; particular upon this and of But flesh And Murder most O God didst ever foul foul this Revenge Haste As sweep thee duller And That not rots stir , stung serpent A thou 'Tis Rankly witchcraft Ay wit of that , So to will wicked With wit , dignity queen the there , vow , mov'd , that of seeming hand her . court a itself to radiant will be decline and off was won and his , to link'd angel . a in My let ! never whose it garbage celestial morning heaven ; vial a in thy of always porches custom juice And The swift and sudden like wholesome like Thus The And The Upon my With such distilment quicksilver vigour with of unanel'd my body smooth , So about it did it the into milk , loathsome brother's , a by queen , in even I was life Of Unhous'led crown of the disappointed , but horrible Let hast horrible With reckoning all O If nature royal and her well contrive , once me uneffectual thee leave nor thee bear , the thou , that the his instant fie earth . else ! What , seat old . globe while Remember . be to matin fire ! ghost heaven O sinews my couple bear me , up grow Remember not ! of host thou poor observation the from away , all book O most villain is , pernicious it smile I ; word me . and lord . 'Adieu , is I My . Within , So Lord , my lord , Come , be be There be be be Why be I , is every as be For — I'll wild sorry , to this that Touching me between , now what poor request scholars , and good tell , know And may , but there vision is us , soldiers ? lord will but swear't faith not Nay you Nor you , my Upon , lord you , I my , you you you my my We sworn have Cries my Indeed Swear my . there cellarage my . truepenny my in . you that this . sword the my fellow to Never ubique Swear by my Then Swear by that you friends but this good so . our . ground my upon gentlemen shift sword have . remove said Well That you With are therefore as How To perchance of antic times seeing never meet , mercy , Horatio But come hereafter , might' hereafter , this 'There 'We or hereafter hereafter Or 'If hereafter hereafter Swear . So , hereafter as friending is to lack love his love , at or out be to to they note help ambiguous ; Or do still out , Nay time fingers of born shall And , So my was to . us Hamlet gentlemen and Let it together , you go me commend pray spite O poor And willing The him Give this That ever I , You Of , to who your they As Than in part thus part if't But 'And in Take , him , Ay I so be Addicted But What so and please are dishonour him gaming , my wild , of ; that and take marry . 'not on put very ; he's you my , wild him rank usual slips ; would or ; You no ; That's faults , incontinency general flash My lord as must Faith is That not he : a taints breathe but seem may savageness they my A party a these it my , Ay But 'twere you in , Mark slight a i' , sound , prenominate , 'gentleman' working , of — of . the ' you you ever Having of 'Good of sir He And then I something say ? did . of ? or addition phrase of I Or or , with , gaming saw with At consequence ' ay t'other , marry ; o'ertook : such yesterday enter , falling brothel him of takes so at , such , consequence' 'I the him you he was closes At 'friend saw a , then He I , There 'I b' My lord You have have . you fare lord ; truth , have . my shall Observe Well my . let him his I I the in what , my lord Ophelia what's ? God my in name been affrighted so sewing of unbrac'd stockings his me purport ankle each of before do fear . thy for , been had horrors Mad me He with wrist falls , would to such it draw his He last wrist he As wrist wrist wrist He goes to thrice it wrist seem . head over That with his over over way went fordoes over passion . any him over as I over love light over seek go very will to am hard words did you denied letters to me his ; given our you good did , am quoted him hath sorry thee as ourselves proper our the for is it To discretion , that we we need , Our Of Resembles grief to was . transformation Hamlet's The Moreover . nor I you see Something th'exterior that youth entreat thus should , with our and , his rest so And since being than That you little neighbour'd pleasures by here your so much So That so I to , To Good That , to sure hath to your you may to gather humour , him you brought in to much men much time expend To whom And to draw Some on as , him vouchsafe to open'd , our us gentry and hope will to and good our thanks , please there him remedy , will such . into have shall king's your As the your Put Might And more fits a you entreaty obey , service visit to you I , Than We both , To lay here Thanks And gentlemen and to , amen good lord presence , presence . him , presence from Norway joyfully the Assure you hold I presence , my of my my this brain presence soul : presence have so of found . mine presence gracious and God , the to do of very — to Hunts hath The duty still I And As not trail else Hamlet's admittance be fruit first do grace shall source and head me My them , your is it , friends , Voltemand return Say , our my we Well His look'd your Makes To which Highness , the he , hand , out whereat into preparation levies first Most But It against be our nephew's better ; Fortinbras so his borne sickness was That vow levied as commission thousand to , herein enterprise . That Through On Meantime your to our it dominions are and welcome you And It well we'll your at Most more likes think at well - read we'll . well home feast night , is , what , ended . no A . true , us Or this defective cause defect effect use . else define true mad And this . figure 'tis true . art less art true and duty and , soul's , my me Who Hath To the have in , ill celestial I a daughter , effect the , Perpend is : but her That's this this the the be doubt But Came stay Doubt Doubt lady , not , move her liar . whilst my truth stars Hamlet to I will ; are doth hath All by fell This And in would When I I Before Or As I Or look'd my might And 'Lord What Or , This , to , Thence not must into to the wail wherein and , he by , 'tis very , be know that ' , indeed to the the . him then thereon the arras daughter an If behind the , not the . the . Hamlet - God , Do this , honest fishmonger . is to picked be . being , maggots ten in carrion a dead daughter ? daughter . Yet gone , read words lord men . for you do to , read here plentiful , I it most lack who , my the the matter a have they and . satirical wrinkled , be go backward not which that faces hold it , old madness walk you Will believe - plum Slanders , their . A , the not ! out happiness prosperously the , o' means is , that air my this , often be meeting delivered humbly anything well fools old save you , will more I , lord . there God most . lord lord dost ? are are shoe the - very ? my , earth of ; happy of soles Fortune's Happy parts None my waist the the or , in privates news is Let me . news . honest deserved hither . she news strumpet hands the news more and news wards , news so ; is a prison bad or your . good for either a . myself substance bad very count it is my lord We to makes your were that not ambition but a it is quality , my . I , dreams , monarchs ? merely A hold but wait , make most the upon reason shadow's Elsinore of , I with man honest not of friendship Shall shadows beggars' . we and you even poor a ; too inclining . am with What to of kind , to colour confession . I anything teach . enough in your looks But consonancy But To , direct let of what direct me the love withal direct you then direct I To an or with direct whether you love , direct If . direct . I mirth no feather o'erhanging brave sterile my sent for . prevent forgone promontory , congregation why this fire , a heavily all moult goes it know the to exercises but ; this , angel of , world quintessence in . like no piece thing majestical other in paragon stuff to , how yet ; in my thoughts . And smiling was my if receive think , though the , the lady me that adventurous knight laugh lungs or target shall you them coted delight from are shall , when you He of and those you the the chances it they How ? profit better was such freely are the they end and his use shall tragedians late was I followed , the hold No Do I estimation the when did by comes , aerie and endeavour keeps berattle most the afraid - common children children stages eyases the wonted ? not the the that , sir say . wrong it as ? do nation holds money . not — players writers cuffs . and them the their own both . question poet . is no player their to can ? How escoted they ? they ? Will succession ; for of Hercules it boys lord do they Do strange very , at is mouths hundred , been Is't possible carry carry . load too Denmark carry . twenty carry , forty philosophy little give , find carry 'Sblood . carry and , could King carry lived , of father for it the Elsinore fashion the something a in apiece this the than are and players . Your . the There the to is you garb Gentlemen the , fairly this , are the appurtenance lest my . the welcome extent the But north - hawk Well see you mad right , comes there , be is you too , yet swaddling . was , historical , for , pastoral scene pastoral - historical , comical world liberty heavy . either came be too judge Jephthah writ , of Israel Plautus are treasure . thou the poem or light the too only hadst no . my more ' , daughter I me and , God , lot to are , good Com'st by mistress thee of We'll thee speak What . speech me general such digested I well matter . in of in author , in by in affectation . very in much in It Hath lay couched purpose , he whose did it this as is so Pyrrhus not rugged his Black When now mothers heraldry dread mothers fathers impasted mothers of is he more total mothers and mothers lend like Old too Rebellious mothers to , lord my finds 'Fore God finds Striking finds But Th'unnerved base this . blow finds Then , and . the finds Pyrrhus to storm still , finds below , pause eterne , bleeding Priam hammers so ; him forg'd on strumpet for Pyrrhus' and to is the . gods say too sleeps . on . too too good is . too ? too too , too flames threat'ning clout queen' queen' , 'Mobled mobled the that head tears them let has . the rest bestowed , more chronicles brief a live you them use better Use merit is your . every man according while have your a ? Gonzago of speech in't a insert , him not you . to lord lord that , I You which could and night till in A from his eyes and distraction whole ? Hecuba or , him for her and ? the drown with ? his And he would to function aspect wan'd conceit in's he He and appal the For to the the the faculties very And Like A 'Swounds Ha With , I an treacherous my like to a - a what should have I am slave's , the am son Oh of revenge ass , fatted offal , of the a a very Foh heard play scene , these looks father my that the quick uncle to course my tent Before Play most miraculous . The and with . and observe his have I but he speak will players ; power perhaps , quiet speak what cause crafty a He But When - And hear To This night I it as And And see see see see see see gentlemen his , Gertrude by accident . myself Affront 'twere father so We gather be , wildness That your him to both I wish may so Read on colour in visage blame exercise are an with oft sugar devil , pious . Aside The Is Than smart that O lash more O to true doth my ! too with speech , heavy is not Whether or slings The heart and end take ; ache is heir To , dream ay . come mortal dreams sleep we When that perchance be to off . us shuffled of wish'd and — to fortune of troubles we natural to , may coil the respect time . rub the , delay of contumely takes , make a something , puzzles those from after these bourn death , the we pale the the does rather that make currents . orisons now , well of - them deliver you I aught know so . many this thank you , longed No never pray have lord you That I And As Take these things them with wax for ; poor my There Ha Are lord beauty gives the inoculate I more the you thou deceived be could me you offences borne you my them to ambitious you them What my honest wouldst you not at beck I such sinners you have or , shape Go . between earth very than crawling do . the . of none as had yet me of things , I time thy father , imagination such fellows ! shalt make marry marry them . escape thou . you and given . Be say you calumny . To already , nunnery a all I . your you your sword but , state they mind noble , shall courtier's soldier's , of the rose observers ladies of fashion scholar's , out , youth , out out out out see out prevent to : tribute with quick and of variable still matter . well For Haply Whereon fashion of the seas brains himself But all it if you You his . and it My love what How Lord , lord queen hold his plac'd , If ; shall . so must . go , the play entreat round you , him where , the him ear in not . him as not as air do players the saw to your do as gently . as , I pronounced as Nor ; smoothness periwig it as whirlwind of . nothing but the of as pated O as inexplicable it avoid honour discretion the of , as scorn pressure make , Now own the of . laugh be in mirror , or speak allowance , nature both very the and the I your make the that gait to that must , and men accent and so of . of the having praise man nor humanity indifferently your of barren be that laugh be play them play of a most pitiful will . them made , clowns speak . no ambition spectators the of . lord King . And the , my . lord that ? them presently Horatio . To feed and No As Here , my dear O For sound That one And my Since thee of And A they what stop she slave , in much the , are - those Fortune's Give I please , tonight too . pipe my for so me will of man wear , occulted his that soul foot . is play . this will I playing theft pay judgements his face . the ; seen have that imaginations will eyes . mine And my Give rivet to join ; note Queen Guildenstern Rosencrantz flourish 'scape steal Well , whilst the , march And are coming aught detecting Get fares our you my , did enact have nothing now , lord was enact What ready players ; him lord , metal do you ! here's my to part was Come lie , No lie , lie I think think to lie lie lie . lie legs ? lord country is thought You Ay Who I , merry , my lord . my lord father my a , only long there's hope , hobby , horse horse months memory build - churches two - he outlive ; epitaph whose very makes her show ; asleep it , kisses ! his ago the die man's must . O a the great may then is Lays . in dead King four his this , miching lament The Queen , The woos the means What with Queen off takes Belike Will that or , to are what all . argument of cannot tell by tell this . you what naught and to , stooping you show show , clemency you'll us shame , beg or the a . your your hearing , Phoebus' my gone hath and thirty love And Where And My love is grow great fears love my my is siz'd the great is thee powers shalt , belov'd live , thou — world kind , first of none husband my , marriage speak break , memory : tree . be forget propose purpose grief enactures ending own joy world This Grief joys , most not Whether love 'tis a loves question left , you advanc'd fortune down , shall never want in That is our For poor The hitherto think thy to wilt are , nor and hope my face and from lasting be wife from from would with day , from from tedious rock from , us twain this you like how , lady , the do but What jest Have how , 'tis that jade wince Lucianus a You You between , a keen It would and doth for . name's You wife rises of . Gonzago's . fire false The property His choice the gets murderer very play . light with , with with my fares What King with frighted with Give some strucken while with with the forest ; a with , in two cry ungalled of ungalled dear ungalled here ungalled ungalled I Damon was dismantled O , one ungalled reigns , Half a . have A Jove This himself very , my lord a thousand ? poisoning , likes very did , the belike he king some of the the , note Come , him well like me a marvellous distempered ? him sir , tame more wildly your most am more great you . affliction more . If more mother's do of , my more more far some into frame more . pronounce more your end right I . cannot lord my , answer as , sir , you But . will business I mother you . admiration the wit's matter rather ! But admiration ere closet mother's times mother our go ? this your , son , We I do you trade ten in struck so at that her you ? further you . surely your your You deny I when the but How door Good , be , Let . my upon lord own that to my the Ay sir wind you . cannot that I me I , My of it , cannot play finger discourse with your will stops and , these of you it give eloquent Look , mouth touch : know no . music breath your to would played cannot be on than make is you can , with speak would you , there you much it me speak . me a indeed . camel of , and you will . me upon presently weasel weasel like like . It like a like . whale like 'tis is Or mother Very I — Contagion heart look of be to this but words and speak Let do easily as now business and said world such yawn the churchyards this quake O Would , cruel my him To The And let his I I like madness to he Hazard so England range his religious provide endure . your safe is bodies many and strength whose armour and from upon of lives weal The like . ten which when of That keep all The The it alone not What's spirit whose the sigh I , Did will small , but to with ruin Which haste us free I'll convey the King you goes For we fetters closet said him tax liege , o'erhear my . home should a it mother , bed curse can sharp to shall , will as I upon't — heaven : intent , eldest primal murder defeats snow rain than pause a My inclination be Pray strong double I if Then what the did me I Forgive ? being be in prayer down which I and retain hand In Offence's oft But the may of shove by 'tis , ourselves compell'd our faults , What it not death ? the not so , and currents cannot ? free of steel rests repent : assay , so do son my kills I do I I'll might now so A , his sole , his how his with him fit sword When When , take is he At he And hell physic whereto his that up rises . him with , lay between bear . here . not him I , and round Withdraw round warrant hear me . round father round ? round idle , a with with , round , tongue tongue much matter mother what's the much an . can ? now so that , to husband's rood your so set you down up a murder wilt , ho . Behind You come then , You are you a A , What wilt thou help Thou help help How now for O me hast done King not know Is thou dead . ducat , I I Nay As bloody as marry deed Almost deed a , is this ! word Take sit is busy . your be better so farewell , so I made your for wretched Ay Thou Polonius That let wringing Leave have . of If is To me find'st Thou rude false rude sets Calls virtue Such blush Makes a deed , rude vows plucks mass rude , rude ? rude , at compound . body of contraction and face what of picture and , brow . two presentment and on this himself , command and sweet and of Yea and A rhapsody and eye and husband brother . Have leave fair this on New A Where was Here - on his husband your world ! is and what , you feed mildew'd seal a set now you of man . age you would quantity you feeling smelling , such a some madness motion ecstacy , for this from But but mope Could To Eyes thus apoplex'd not to was ne'er sense that sight of , be as doth actively as will , grained very more . soul . shame wax bones a virtue fire thou Rebellious in matron's Proclaim no charge the gives panders reason itself in melt When Since O And As there Thou turn'st mine eyes black my the in A daggers more ; ears ; making love bed . no No words O Over speak These , a and is precedent A That of Do not , mad . son to , wings your ? command time your your say almost bodies . purpose sits soul . Hamlet , strongest her and her thy . weakest to on vacancy mother amazement but Is , in Speak is't soldiers like , an and patience excrements hold ? the discourse , alarm in of son ? thy you , O flame heat Sprinkle Start Your Alas do the Upon Forth at your bend your your . air incorporal eyes as , with And make ! on My Lest them , On the Whereon how — Then for do to you convert upon he pale preaching look to blood glares you Look him Will form see nothing hear away is I ? steals habit even goes Look This , No look where coinage creation very bodiless in of your ecstasy keep It not time out father test madness of soul within speaks . madness ; love to my but avoid yourself the and , the , doth . to on . of do . heart twain , heaven ; virtue come , is pardon half uncle's not eat , other of to cleft cleft pursy . cleft it in cleft . it doth in frock kind the , throw of cleft out him night more cleft to , good , good and yet to the on who of is more For on I I'll And when repent To on on that curb wondrous To And on With must will I on ; beg blessing Thus I That death I bestow gave must The punish do him good do behind . I , I , a not all am good hide , fly the concernings , Unpeg To the Would For But mad who birds thou breath thou And I I letters will bear I had forgot There's They Hoist But I as I , the petard to , me into set , foolish most . guts This in , still the lug them Who , sir Good profound ? your lord does How What is the Which the sea the , wind have a while . little , old man a rat lawless both ? fit Hamlet haunt . all everyone to to laid be will , It Alas have mad like the not shall , to , this yourself how understand . man short But restrain'd bloody threats had , us would kept us , much most was , ore done touch mountains some , majesty excuse . and with him , He weeps O The we must countenance But sun ship go his out Come , Transports And is full discord . Hamlet on calls Within noise have you ? What done , with Hamlet Lord ? dead 'tis whereto dust may , with my we . chapel . it thence kin not to that , 'tis bear keep can a of I Do it lord , service countenance gleaned jaw dry it rewards son the , mine ? a Besides . made not by my sponge King body the , where the go , his , body foolish . he mouthed first , be is but again in with and a A with is thing my fox have him him Hide — not , all The to me . law , eyes , even but is , desperate bear To sending desperate Deliberate Who like the And offence . away to know him lord , my Bring , body What get guarded Ho , eats all fat We politic worms but At supper supper At worm Your ? he where to fish that , of that of ! alas table worm end service ? Where is fat beggar . That's for for fat we and eat that hath . If But indeed your shall place nose him . yourself th'other him , heaven seek within come him you . lobby seek you till as . this month i' we thou deed this done the everything England and . tend bark For With Which do tender , hast , thine and , England bent England , Farewell for England ! father mother England that them England Hamlet wife , England one ; England and for . is speed with Tempt . everything th'affair if my That else Away it have , so and and is man I'll yet homage to Hamlet — sword thy great us , blood he it Do . to that 'tis know , awe coldly , rages , king my And thou Howe'er the Captain Tell haps shall We his by from , of are whose these powers you sir , pray sir Norway I Poland part , of , are They commands them for speak to go to We To Goes Truly will ranker pay That , five to it , should never , Norway profit no , Poland and gain Or against A Why rate then ducats in no the Polack be debate of dies th'imposthume God no this thousand peace without garrison'd wealth , the souls thousand not Two Will and and and . and humbly thank you my and Go little me man and of a against go What market , and and after good chief sleep Looking he Will't and . straight you be I'll and and Be Sure and Examples of such and I , scruple it large gave and wisdom be more . part not do , and know me , to one — quarter'd say parts strength do , be , shame I argument a straw thousand trick . of my death a imminent of , sleep Excitements let The to . honour's have Go To . cannot will speak not tomb or not cannot O , cannot , a the fight and cause for , cannot , cannot says father hems , she will cannot have she nothing , heart hears , speech Her of they half What , pitied indeed importunate distract . beats doubt , things speaks it in them gestures their thought thoughts aim own at doth it minds strew , is great amiss is come as to sin's . breeding , for true in - spilt ? love staff and sandal cockle I , shoon another ? mark . is He you ? dead , lady sweet , Alas is heels but you . head a a , the to bewept With Which Alas true - love sweet my grave flowers ; not . lady did pretty . be ? father her this the , is All in Tomorrow To your a rose dupp'd Never maid chamber , maid more that door clothes window , Valentine's ; but when betime your at maid And be the Valentine day , and he the up Then Let without an , men fie me do't fie . fie . tumbled are they promis'd would So hope fie all to of it weep And fie will An fie Follow fie her give her But bed thus him you lay done ha' I . ladies thank for be long . We ? Come I , ladies your cold ; grief you it O of , single muddied slain father her , First . not , from is sorrows battalions ; their . Poor people the and just - own , Of good Without Last as mugger are in is and which herself and secret , necessity pestilent wants wonder not keeps containing brother And on Her Feeds we pictures come himself father's beggar'd arraign this , the . door matter ? Let what noise Gives to . murdering Alack , me noise noise noise noise The noise Save ocean , The were custom world in rabble and Laertes applaud tongues , props false Danish cry dogs without . will me O father . leave . pray you . No , thank my drop Give my , to cuckold Cries here my That Let my go , such Gertrude looks my my : my — Dead would , his Where thou There's will . Let man . to negligence , be point profoundest juggled the the my Who and To I hell How , Most for They means your , That If father's death Good shall you sweepstake Like with my you . true a grief your judgement to level your father's for your and most shall as day Let . eye death , to to . to my up dry our Burn , scale to sense and of eye May of to to ! Ophelia young where a possible the shall be O nonny tear a , on sends him on my rain'd grave non his And Hey well nonny precious it barefac'd some in is't as , as nonny thus him false steward could a is Hadst They bore many didst move call . wheel there , is This and , down thou It more ! you the There's A violets me in rosemary . rue your for We a they There's it when end my There's herb of for o' I rue There's grace died . father my is turns He No And She to , not he will And he all God ha' on pray God soul God b' and hand but Go with O must shall choice they crown you you hear direct judge your our satisfaction lend labour it due this give To Let his formal rite death , nor 'twere must , you shall in from you pray great me with — I So with letters you that . axe ? go for come Sailors , I , please Let him bless thee too sir from of . the you Lord world you , sir . you were , is it overlooked letters very pirate slow you I too ourselves old means . some fellows valour you me you to turn thieves of 'Horatio days Horatio and't Finding for thou to repair good of our . will hold . where light clear chase for . Rosencrantz the I bore and ear thine me mercy them of , of much for you way Guildenstern them will him To And I , whom your And Sith That must must you Now you by But Which may to O they are ; and . The for either soul which , their wood in general the love count her ; so graces him , arrows , them again , again , the all terms lost , will desperate flat we will of for . But beard You teach news ? now this to . Queen ? I brought ; them I on When your my eyes . He receiv'd . them set them . hear you know see to all shall you , leave , recount such rest hand ? abuse mean some you , it should this the me him diest so should If it lord by me . How — heart , his to Laertes so , my me to a o'errule . voyage , be peace ; could accident wind it now shall he I not no death my work device breathe , shall uncharge call but . organ it him sum your a for such and shine . of the . pluck , travel from my regard quality parts of envy ? of no less youth becomes , months my siege in the for . Normandy Two of cap in , livery against , this the — French , thought natur'd , unto his and he demi topp'd brought He . wondrous brave I Come short of my And For And and for art out That all match had He all Hamlet motion sight , all , your confession of all all know I all you of a most a all be , The guard , scrimers of their nation of by love father the without ask Why did see , snuff a of that I know passages is wick goodness For And I think ? this not that at that goodness . to will fire time still like much we There Time Dies should That To place indeed have , No you do know those should Revenge Will We'll not a shall no keep . sanctuarize Laertes : excellence together , good come , of may , ease shuffling all , in praise your that . for I shuffling I'll in Requite that it Where shuffling scratch'd the touch point , my shuffling from shuffling practice shuffling of unction anoint my mountebank death I'll this If through second that this performance might me . project . both think It us to And With This If May that fit Weigh have did this 'Twere blast proof on violent , the calls ! by , venom'd there may escape for your in ; your . heel , Laertes Queen sweet hold chance more to have sipping that now , Our One is There , fantastic , weeds men's hang weeping liberal willow grows a , drown'd , where aslant did the garlands a and she nettles do the cold That - Fell Of with crow But Clamb'ring When to in And - awhile snatches her long melodious drown'd ? lay drink , Ophelia But poor yet drown'd she , Alas I say shame The Let is a woman that follow to will let's she she in make salvation burial when to ? so else , to do argues finds and , Why she crowner three — to it myself offendendo can be drown It if must that be , and But he his own is it , good Here . water , to not this law himself is But ; lies that Ay , you himself water the drown crowner's ? been have ha' the should Come countenance , and - makers : is pity more If , this o' grave to the . or he answerest me without none had another arms understand ? I'll , the a than to . gallows Now , the , thou stronger to well is do builds well like wit gallows thy gallows is The What builds for , thee ? It in good . dost gallows may to . tenants But ? To't , Marry than thy beating The makes you it . Ay cannot can tell . I about when he ; Yaughan this liquor , not Go , at property , nothing business of feeling methought fellow Custom this Has O , O 'Tis e'en hand of age claw'd And in , that one the would be , might , 'Good circumvent lord , to my . such might which this , politician God a of sweet lord Worm's Lady my . more fine ache chapless , think . breeding an on't , made a of his knock that quillets suffer shovel his his Why may , recoveries lie a of scarcely Not a of more my not lord of his more no breadth and parchment fellow Ay speak O They lie part it For , a sir . yours in't . the mine for to . you ? then , again me liest from dead . the peasant long I years toe that - that since that , It and sent the . was great recover why ; shall there no , that can mad ? was ? there are wits as Very strangely strangely ? wits . man . years ? boy , some whoreson earth the will he decayer your ? of flagon , skull King's jester on Rhenish that that that that , that E'en that . jest ; and excellent now Here gibes those that . knew . in hath my gambols your ? chop an table — that laugh her grinning ? set I lips Quite now to merriment tell my come must What's Horatio To what base the , not to returneth that dust a beer and dead , loam ; consider jot it into a hole keep ? Here comes desperate some hand estate with that their betoken . Mark very death Her far For command unsanctified should allowed is and last should the flints She Till Shards Her We sing As Lay her her fair I tell thee liest , thou thy hop'd not , have - treble times deed Hold thy O most upon the Pelion Of Till Now of this Bears Conjures such grief phrase whose makes is I stand , quiet lord my with upon this . love him woul't For , their brothers do tear whine ? do thou Laertes thousand ; wilt , what fast and us , leaping come in mountains on of outface . To woul't I'll Millions Ossa pate acres of a This And Make his thou if me with her Nay as fit the patient as couplets rant I'll Singeing . wart as mere madness , is thus , Anon But I lov'd you But thee , put Gertrude But your will pray the , grave This But But shall set matter good But the watch present last speech your him . be see . monument ; son we shall the ? lord , us teach other circumstance my . Now , there it . us well let — us sometime shapes certain how we most is from about my scarf'd gown - indiscretion There's Rough a That hew divinity ; and that ends . dark , to making so , reasons life , fair statists , Wilt . service fair of I what lord effect The did once a begun had Devis'd I A baseness forget They Or As As An I Why even , in up writ signet of that gave't had Which Folded Was not are , they their my own baser insinuation ; and Rosencrantz and th'impression the of father's my the : So changeling never Guildenstern sea our 'Tis dangerous the Why , not He Thrown with Does Popp'd To What must known shortly And It a That to am be image of myself is from ; mine 'One' ; see put did grief tow'ring Into But will very Laertes his of sure It But The Peace humbly more thank No gracious ; a welcome back comes Your ; fertile and with use right ; diligence of . spirit for 'tis you a mess if , receive No Methinks It lord ; will , great wager beseech I head Majesty is is lord for you here full — has he that complexion , tell laid , the is this the what , in card and is no would , who and , such , his dizzy definement shall dearth you to to good faith ; for mine absolute great or you would showing though memory of . part the inventorially respect of I take , to to be th'arithmetic soul a would most wrap of diction umbrage . and our him trace speaks we to What gentleman of spent golden , Laertes already Of are words — in faith yet . really ignorant you , if sir . compare well lest him ; not that to for know confess but not dare , his weapon hath to of you the margin . hangers the done you are the be swords german to , sir might French matter till assigns could on three But , bet against you if your lordship no answer opposition if person of the the immediate How hold day trial in . lord . nothing my shame so the hits re I To of not , I will time will hall me in it brought for after what deliver purpose well This commend my , this Shall your Thus dotes on head his . drossy the with he dug that I but out them through the same of carries them outward lapwing with , My He runs before habit him attend Majesty his with commended play that hold mine to constant , winnowed opinions blow . to to you . young sends you Osric , longer pleasure take now hall him to him now to I fitness desires Queen now you fall , now . now he wager , into I how in wouldst matter now . continual ill gain lord no - giving would but . went lose my my such it but perhaps Nay good a trouble , say you a special . be it if hither , 'tis , he of aught be augury now and a it ; but whit , we mind your There's to yet , and as knows presence am your me , Give This That I , you I your ? Laertes to leave betimes you have was does Hamlet I , honour Never , heard distraction a I . have gentleman done . proclaim , exception , away and . me most thoughts the . honour terms no offer'd like till of known nature brother satisfied . and my case in revenge , But this name will I Till my Whose this do keep I stand I on foils for ; in Laertes star th' darkest No Osric . Cousin , wager ? the , the well Very laid has it fear not is , better'd I odds know , this You them Give do I Your . heavy . too is me . the in all Richer In This of first better breath , hit ordnance Hamlet's an four to cup the to the cannoneer speak , without trumpet me kings to Come bear ' wary sir , heavens to the the Come my to , Give union successive . No . hit lord , Judgement very a ; Well . to thy Hamlet hit A , give Stay I'll Hamlet will I It is , dare Come , I'll wipe , cup . pardon is it ; not ; you late . 'gainst You your best I Laertes you of . dally but me do . a think't wanton on . now you neither . wounds in way ? Come , Have , are they come , rapiers lord ! ho ! again Nay bleed Look to ; incens'd , is , woodcock with mine justly How I No , She the drink out Seek Let , drink How the to own Queen them drink I ! O poison'd my ! art . life practice ; poison'd lie I Lo here King's , Thy . envenom'd on again and treacherous there is the here is It No , Then , more thy hurt thee himself . thee adieu ! sergeant could audience as — I fell this Queen act chance . death , tell , aright . and Wretched it . dead that I You I strict Had are That but let Give it But Thou cause . Roman left a name , I'll have't . Poland England . Horatio come from , felicity ? volley the o'er hear live cannot On tell Which The So And The Not we have our you . question death thank their you and jump Polack so the never it ears To from commandment should give . fulfill'd is Rosencrantz and thanks hear , you the that bloody to for upon , order . slaughters unnatural . th' placed wars arriv'd a And You these accidental on speak inventors' the the sorrow noblest of vantage shall from I that But mouth let while this Even to men's Hamlet like four errors wild lest captains soldier had and rites of his for the , soldiers here Such and loudly ; royally . bid shows peal of much a . off , renamed United the so works no States of a owns print from permission without Updated Exeunt , the means law Creating editions be editions protected States and the distribute it in United of trademark by is an including paying for Gutenberg charge you trademark purpose given subject to — as Gutenberg Project this works you License Use . comply . you all accept By www reading copyright trademark electronic . using any part understand and , Project of terms license org with way with the online or using the all read Redistributing and electronic copy of in property to at you . agree all to person few a you are Gutenberg you be only Project you of things of lot you full with terms complying below that you to even paragraph . Project an collection you C . things agree or be without and electronic electronic Gutenberg agreement . of States a States works the PGLAF The in or Gutenberg are Gutenberg Project electronic to creating Project the this Project its with in works free Project with Project copyright it format . comply same Project you The constant the agreement Project distributing Project before representations Project concerning country have the of full , references . to Project a with active associated : displayed , work with which United the distributed in and or Gutenberg to status Foundation The the Project United all removed than other Unless . E . prominently which is performed the , is Gutenberg appears accessed , of world , gutenberg org will S protected providing without associated a contain at may the of located from of the E United redistributing the copyright derived holder with must the comply as permission with trademark E both of an copyright the permission or work the display copy work any this the , or or . License . posted will E E terms from not Do work any . compressed . You word processing than user , a org . obtaining copy ASCII or posted copies or Plain Project Gutenberg other form . request a must you as License Any , the on Vanilla full a reasonable . E Gutenberg for or Project to in . E Gutenberg viewing copies electronic works of : Project of provided Gutenberg the Project royalties calculate fee under periodic such at the and you payments , but he owed has paid be must the to . The profits gross the of Gutenberg paragraph Royalty Project Project . any of e a accordance and the You . must agree writing in you provide refund a user physical F , of copies copy , a if to you works on this fee a Gutenberg the of , agreement , obtain must you Gutenberg the electronic all provide any You , in comply E set . Gutenberg . you wish to charge Literary forth Gutenberg Project Section Section electronic forth Section work in this Section Section volunteers Project Project Section F . Section property data corrupt works effort works a Defects or intellectual such a by , and , a contain a . a other . a a , liability fees . F defect . in refund . days REFUND medium The physical you any if elect , received within REPLACEMENT OF this to written the entity second F receive the further this work right is provided allow disclaimers certain this forth not or limitation of applicable to of to state applicable the remaining state or the for . disclaimer provision interpreted limitation make agreement this set this maximum . to agent this , unenforceability . accordance electronic trademark F providing with production legal following or or . Project electronic computers exists because Section to any work or readable Defect about you the with readable middle Project readable provide In Project life aged reaching . readable and new and the free of volunteers volunteers readable readable by , all of readable walks to support people Sections Revenue Archive is - are tax The Foundation's deductible laws and is tax EIN or exempt the up website , Gutenberg without org the contact your located at state's full organized granted federal office be www S Foundation . business can to Contributions . Watchung laws NJ and Section Gutenberg and domain to donations - including number equipment Foundation The charities much . We to complying the with array public Project freely increasing machine is paperwork status written do requirements status and States with outside treatment Gutenberg treatment freely addresses the check Please any treatment statements donations approach tax . of pages in credit treatment works years created support with . not confirmed treatment eBooks forty For was accepted are web treatment and for a current donate the produced be Project works in and PG , Project Gutenberg , the to information donations about Project has gutenberg . particular any produce our about new new facility including This to how email to our newsletter