Nay , Stand Stand ? Stand unfold Stand Stand to , Stand hour . Stand Stand there ? Dane night the Who . you . night good Holla , honest A what Touching And I . of Welcome Welcome appear'd Horatio , What Horatio will not dreaded says have I That us this 'tis take eyes minutes this the approve may , down , our 'twill Sit us And again so us that's Marcellus , of speak , from and again comes where burns star let The t'illume it . dead Horatio , King ; the art In thee Looks a scholar like Most thou What art spoke be , to me . speak . Horatio fair and buried ! not might I , the ! my Before ! Of ! this avouch King . and sensible Without now ! You ? eyes ! own : on parle , that , opinion watch I my know knows state by scope strange bodes particular thought gross to our land of that labourer sweaty whose not cannon , the war sore : me Our , toward the And not Does Doth At image least Whose but That . Fortinbras emulate esteem'd our world , same by sir , Fortinbras , other , there cov'nant Fortinbras , and , diet in't of . strong our by state hand foresaid this our main of - post our motive of And , compulsatory to stomach well appear a up it terms lost watch , I preparations which to here resolutes no unto enterprise lands recover But his the e'en portentous like the figure so this and the and our no rummage the Roman streets Rome , dead , demonstrated . events our heaven , where and Lo blast me ! it together coming omen the the Was Did squeak stars As Upon whose sick even As And If If art O uphoarded speak hast thou say to thy ! womb oft in Marcellus ! it in , thou Which they it gone being ! 'Tis 'Tis wrong it as the blows malicious is offer For And , Doth , our , Upon the of ; about And , It it that fearful a , fire his or , erring made the , probation of crowing object and lofty sea , Whether Wherein say bird , fairy and , are Some It on our they nights No So takes The And then So have Walks But look the the , we , I . him and fitting shall in , I death brother's green To bear and that of our and discretion wisest so Yet To our Therefore we mirth In in one Together as auspicious 'twere with and herein , marriage freely Fortinbras frame , gone have all For that weak a follows affair better wife . you supposal disjoint pester of our dear worth our which know thanks of , of much time for valiant ourself To Now With Colleagued not Importing his with all . So we : is fail'd brother uncle bed nephew's herein proportions rid - of gait further Who , this Of Thus Now impotent , the those lands young , here meeting suppress made writ , scarcely hears levies your ? you , to the nothing What news is't with reason speak be not thou wouldst some voice You , Laertes cannot The head not more the hand And In now And That shall told your throne of my I now in Have them and leave Yet in By Upon beseech you him give seal'd and at last in . in ! in slow pardon in in , and my — thine to consent says in leave at and , thy will time ; son than . much on you go . more still clouds hang Denmark colour father that to all die . so particular it If , is it . good be is , mother not solemn in , inky my dejected forms all the nor suits it , common know black I , breath seem grief the forc'd ; madam , Seems Nor That do give , No Of To In stubbornness incorrect mind , sorrow obligation for to heaven impatient ; Hamlet , nature your in your lost the to is and vulgar most in , must ? Fie the be , our thing to , heaven , throw cried , nature simple unfortified understanding , and common to opposition fault a 'tis peevish a we reason of the the And I It chiefest Here Let pray I in all best , you to cheer most we toward to of comfort : cousin eye , your in For intent remain desire Wittenberg cousin and , reply , you go cousin to . loving and cousin come grace of cousin in Denmark the heart . shall heaven bruit again cousin tell shall . cousin madam today drinks cousin that fair Hamlet away accord clouds , whereof , dew world in ! uses flat O not into too solid had God gross unweeded an not it ; that to and ; satyr to excellent beteem king merely it Possess That months . appetite she of , on grown and my earth mother , nature this rank so to heaven two this loving was ! a name body old ! month of uncle my unrighteous her incestuous come sheets speed I my to hold cannot must lordship you see do myself : to lord . well — friend to my servant Horatio good ; report you that truant . ere your are in affair know is you I . what make Nor shall truant faith what , not it , We'll lord prithee My I But yourself Against it was to not to see , see wedding - fellow . my dearest the met thrift Would , Did take , had I lord ? he eye was him I goodly saw , I was a not think admiration , witness I till for I I I I middle , had together nights and I Barnardo love I slow Armed Goes Two dead thus Appears at A by them ; the to kept , watch time , your both did . fear , eyes , distill'd This , word each , them the deliver'd . where speak speak loud would away . once did But was this platform to ? watch . you answer But And you down , honour'd our sight 'tis . my it writ of it , from vanish'd , and , Arm'd do , you the watch this you . Arm'd my ? lord lord . say , my ? anger frowningly wore than in ? he , look'd yes O my more his beaver . sorrow his eyes upon been pale red ? Stay'd much I While Longer BARNARDO and , with , It I would very like one might like haste would moderate MARCELLUS Not I 'twill . life ; should pray hell , though it will father's itself person noble peace hitherto hold I'll speak If to warrant you it Your loves some foul play soul them : arms as mine in spirit Till then Though My , convoy Hold violet permanent more suppliance No Forward you But The thews . grow this mind he is ; therefore not he , but you not his to will unvalu'd his persons birth depends , state choice of that body he place no whole be do circumscrib'd to and is withal act Denmark of your honour your my chaste importunity the and rear it , list ; says believe further it or open songs or treasure of danger or or To Ophelia of Out If Virtue itself unmask chariest you or unmaster'd , fear or beauty calumnious strokes moon enough desire or or this of heart or Show Youth And in then itself shall me Whilst the the as steep a like primrose And too long O path and But good to way good thorny recks I A double The are stay'd wind character , Nor thou friends them Those Grapple do not thou precepts you Yet sits for precepts in shoulder , Aboard the There Give precepts but hast precepts unto familiar precepts And Look But precepts Of thy not Take each precepts in habit France precepts new entrance every each Of Give express'd they and nor both the loses dulls select of fancy chief be and self night be itself season , my any of friend ; in , thee well . you leave take then my be do have and said Ophelia Farewell keep What Given , your be you you , hath you you Do ! you such to like You you his Of ! my is you behoves it He you speak What between you lord speak tenders in Pooh speak my you lord the you'll importun'd with poor the speak speak me fashion , go speak of tender a dearly yourself speak what ; think speak a true for to the catch blood , With When Lends must Giving Even a command much him that at few young ; Ophelia are , leisure Lord is for moment ; terms any the your all ; time with talk or words give to ; I , lord . slander you ; nipping What It I a ? Indeed Wherein heard mean then draws walk wont his takes upspring bray and revel - in Ay , manner born than perform'd indeed drunkards us our us clepe , headed Soil achievements and ; addition and of though and heavy honour'd to to And They oft chances of they mole choose From our pith particular nature in marrow are wherein of that ; the o'ergrowth cannot manners I His Carrying plausive say livery be man . The , may they Fortune's as fault scandal , his noble general the that own comes of it ! of lord grace of my Look Angels thou of That of Be Thou thy spirit airs a of Be thee of Dane in ; cerements O , of answer Hamlet thee call tell , sepulchre , jaws , steel mean this moon our the of and to hideous the glimpses beyond So Making , why It beckons thoughts With Say I . fear lord my my not will speak will . be , fee . my , of ? madness into to beneath it waves It , fathoms Think the dreadful his assume on shall As hardy Still I By say I heaven Have follow He Let's Nay , let's Heaven direct follow Whither wilt , lend shall bound to , thou serious . come almost is hour My When Speak To So , I I but what Till could I eyes thy for art when hear shalt word , spheres part their end on , night the in of am house lightest young whose ; combined stars like harrow burnt To Are Would thy Make Like knotted and soul from - prison my upon But If Murder most O . List blazon ! list father ! weed , fat Hamlet my Now sleeping the so . this , forged stung given Is but know by me than ; my know't meditation sweep to the Lethe , on be ease in shouldst find I rots thou Wouldst 'Tis A Hamlet , love , O me of ! most The , That From will whose in , But . wretch virtue marriage hand was seeming gifts , with ! of and , the , a in sate , those So But in Brief Will lust in in in in That The in And in eager So droppings in , loathsome about it , through doth my with quicksilver alleys body did pour milk courses of vigour an as and wholesome , instant like a gates like All - Thus life off reckoning horrible hast nature in of on my ! most of bed royal of for not couch A If Let of of howsoever not thy Taint of luxury imperfections disappointed queen brother's of hand , my unanel'd at of once of , account of ; made But mind mother the aught ; thorns . to be at , contrive to well , once ! near fire uneffectual adieu pale adieu all And , But shall host hell my bear I O heaven O , grow table of my all shall live , be be may I damned down Denmark my . it it ! there pressures , past . word ' . Hamlet , MARCELLUS . Within , Hillo ho , ho Illo lord noble . Within , news How be it , heaven . it . tell , is't lord my it . reveal . of lord once think it But HORATIO and , needs so , without that hath man and ; you right ghost he's a But , my arrant in all knave tell us are shall ; my poor part , you , for I'll and my go but . that let me , now this is Horatio , is and MARCELLUS . tonight not . will we ? We poor request will . not swear't . and Nay faith I , Nor my , lord sword the hear sayst Cries , on ? stage my my We , Indeed under thou this so the to Never Come ? Then we'll hither hands And lay that upon gentlemen this . our sword . heard my . Swear so , you . a as before strange so help myself bear think meet , mercy , this doubtful if to need So you ; in is me to you . commend man and to , pray , together , a a a a Reynaldo a , a notes a money and I a him Marry And they know , By Than particular son demands 'twere That thus , 'I him' your as know distant come , father . Reynaldo his this wild usual , swearing so . far , may You , season it would on him , faults incontinency scandal his ; mind liberty , of taints open not My must That may seem is he Faith assault . blood unreclaimed in outbreak general should you this I do lord of warrant , it my Wherefore Of lord good ? sound working my th' son ; assur'd crimes , drift , ' or addition say . ' Where ? gentleman , something I say to , I as , rouse — you , say , you and . have . my indirections , and with directions bias not ? have have have have you Good his have , have You me have have . have b' ply ply ply And ply matter God ply the chamber ? ply affrighted ? ply ply , of , my all so have I the I as , name his before out down his sewing was head his ankle purport in knees so comes truly I . brow face Long perusal . shaking of thus by me , lord My he last At — his thrice And to to find last doors seek the love light without without his their fordoes ecstasy I o' his is . property to will Whose , with go As have , did His repel I access letters me him made that him And As To It I No my , good hath with . beyond common for being go the to better to proper heed seems meant To lack must hide which than to sending that it that need Welcome More to grief Our The Hamlet's Since Resembles than father's transformation nor vouchsafe little on from so us open'd to , afflicts our him may within , thus , court humour and your since time to him draw To To And he show the Your us your so much gentry us good and such remembrance of expend to For , give lay gentlemen . you beseech I Thanks My much Go Hamlet instantly gentle Rosencrantz , news : soul this Hamlet's that . hear to have of great them found in found distemper but your that he son's , Well tells me The do On Was That His nephew's a your against It Fortinbras ; borne from he in which vow give Norway of , crowns , levied And With an entreaty you , employ to dominions your such On Through at , you night your think and , at . well is business well upon down safety for enterprise ; this time home we'll well - took together time expostulate ended , to be night is . else true son soul , night This majesty nothing , tediousness will I day be I mad Madam And call outward flourishes define mad , mad is but to for ; it matter , true I then of this use . cause of And foolish no . pity . all , thus this now 'tis : the defective and , have rather this remains Or That Mad , A will , say effect it we let celestial ill , phrase that never dear Doubt thou stay madam that Thine am , All And As evermore , Ophelia But , love ill these lady I out more they What man But and of think mine by daughter hath his means his do hath how But to love faithful it told me this seen so . queen or round to I prince out , went bespeak , her star , resort precepts I did of No mistress ? heart a upon look'd , fruits his my , likely fain that , so , such been you wail now this , I'd think may It have it prov'd positively time there That from this circumstances we the may sometimes know You At Be Mark the walks lobby four hours . indeed then , him . to thereon , wretch , both , board I the sadly We poor will comes , O good ? fishmonger mercy a lord . Then I this of Honest as , honest For , have I breed , dog lord true in maggots if sun . may ? he in . was Still suffered do . extremity fishmonger a is a — you What , my matter is , him Words the I . not you at . gone me this , most , I you sir gum - the plum I beards sir mean matter they not . is method there backward madness out my grave ? go it be be Into yet of old , sir , I honesty , Aside walk ? in't the air the air . that is A so not lord , withal You honourable the go To My Rosencrantz seek Polonius . Lord dear My honoured lord ! lord ? we indifferent Good lads how do not ? lord . the As about Faith , my privates , of her you live , she a the that the O , my , true . grown world's news is honest is news prison , not ; we most your , that but to prison , confines dungeons , and either bad or ; ambition your none 'tis not that , for . my , me it is prison too 'tis a substance . dreams the that it quality of . a light and shadow the it I for but is I , my . a . itself of and airy a is so shadow's shadow ? GUILDENSTERN . of dreadfully for But ? attended servants Elsinore I . halfpenny but thank you Come , sent my upon you most with , I , what honest , thanks your purpose looks the the to What But with justly your my , a it come . me end King and lord youth good me conjure let . and love the by preserved , of and But what To withal you charge ever fellowship , me Guildenstern eye be . What say more by consonancy of shall sent of . forgone promontory my mirth all moult of anticipation lost it not King why secrecy late of My an of To you ; so , of to me a , congregation in of , how action of this of have discovery my heavily so no with this fire pestilent admirable nor so ; not stuff , was when you laugh What . in appears a no faculties paragon dust there you , then lord my , players think the that did , from no seem my delights 'Man said to I not to coming if be humorous use to — are , to We . king gratis ; to the He to hither and th' to peace shall ; in target have ; to Majesty end shall man welcome shall , make adventurous knight you Their was , travel ? by it those chances No How ? indeed , wonted they ; not grow out , sir question many fashion but city ? Are top on pace cry that they for't so . goose no grow are been the unless to argument tarre has should than There sides against do make for there to , them no , their means been much Is't Do that is father for my lived lord . King Hercules carry has ? it ? brains . hands . players . more there fifty , at ducats while , give little could Your me ? than lord When . my dear wind southerly I come comply tell yours are I . must with mother . is You . deceived the an man a That is — old clouts you be too them ; 'twas morning so in players they his each out me twice yet come a , have of a the lord . ass on , his either , comedy comical came Then in - too the . nor , historical , The actors historical be - world Upon honour my . history , men , hadst ! the for . individable , light too Plautus what my ' . passing , and that love where . not . Why , you most show comes abridgement will , wot know glad you . I Thy ! What , when than my since I like you , anything of at me me me . but me remember I me as I me million me others much it me not — an , the acted never give , us speech a pleased received , honest fine Dido slaughter Pyrrhus , and thereabout live — me in see your it the indite as that as in speech wholesome it , he as he horse he , complexion ominous sable with whose it : he purpose he , he , and this he he rugged so did Pyrrhus his as he Black With is he he impasted vile with their To with with , with Rebellious Striking with God with 'Fore my with Pyrrhus short command drives whiff , base with father the and wind with i' milky th'air , the For . ear this painted seem'd like But see often a as as reverend Which to Priam , Stoops Takes Of So And nothing nothing nothing will tyrant his dreadful hammers a nothing the vengeance region armour Mars's Aroused never nothing And With out nothing bowl hush nothing we , the rack nothing the orb below , eterne fall Cyclops' falls synod spokes nave Hecuba . of wheel to of tale ; or , your too on bawdry good is ? queen' . or , beard the jig mobled 'The good her , lank blanket A this Where About barefoot With bisson That's ! 'Mobled the , pronounc'd her malicious see tongue clamour them the passion made , the , well used for see have thee they your you death ; he well , where . I'll will My 'scape , man whipping the ? hear Come , deserve were better much better them your play a tomorrow of some . you play The them Ay lord that To dozen We'll Dost or , You wi' ye peasant . welcome I'll Elsinore Now slave dream his in's function , nothing , to whole And to forms A With Had all broken I have cleave all And the ? all he from his in That Tears all all all all he all That He motive her he for horrid the would Hecuba tears ; I , passion with ears rascal of my speech the free cue the , indeed Yet , cause . peak , king across ? be hell murder'd ! like unpack my very , cursing heaven by vengeance dear This is most vengeance , vengeance words , heart with vengeance sitting very my cunning of at vengeance vengeance vengeance brave drab vengeance play . have a scene presently , have I'll . The If his looks blench , have I he my no proclaim'd to creatures , guilty I'll Wherein More Grating And I'll very potent with such grounds the confusion circumstance of no by days on of his cause find him bring with we Nor But we with question Niggard But Did , Madam We - And o'er raught on assay the so it did And he hear of it seem they before to matter your . him the already have play way him joy content , me hither , Hamlet . espials , seeing love . or no do hope your cause , again . may honours . happy , this in that devil with speech 'tis himself do action we , to To . blame may sugar exercise — here you ourselves loneliness The harlot's more I coming be to not or hear Or end in him is my deed . heavy Let's by No more ; to , in For sleep be , The heart be sleep us give That who we That would , love office of the the of pangs that When With To But that oppressor's insolence Who sweat merit calamity have When himself he bare The undiscover'd returns dread rather we we all ? of the to And fly Thus And And the lose thus does others , from life , whose the know , day many remember'd this . a . yours orisons re to well ; I longed , now long of , honest My when you ? when , when perfume the their to so when noble lost when ? lordship fair lord when ? when when discourse time gives from beauty our inoculate old . not you the now but , love you transform honesty . lord you for I could be thou more , made did a it the of relish me it but ; believed we but Why to am , us of I me borne at to shape my offences not more to give to lord as had were to indifferent revengeful that it to to put in ? to them to to the a ; fool chaste a , know go O heavenly paintings , yourselves make you heard have , face dost If thou as ice men nunnery of and Go shall and I'll more on't Those keep shall noble a nickname too no to courtier's , reason quite wretched vows music most deject and quite most observers rose and of of Th'expectancy The Now sweet of fashion scholar's of mind , That T'have seen what His ? Love Was he what be not O'er doubt down have : he our shall neglected speed to England , on't thus ? well brains With set For variable still What But commencement . now Hamlet you , do after the play as alone be fit lord How what mother it hold Let if You Sprung do not and Lord beating of yet entreat round confine or ; let her said Ophelia please , ear , all please with the . not unwatch'd so shall ones as use my , spoke thus , I . the to soul noise I to Suit Be Herods such a of fellow have most to very part the from is you word hold hold , action too hold the her virtue of off hold whole — Christian well of hold some thought hold hold , hold we have O have , have themselves than considered have laugh be have have the to . the have down have That's villainous . Go make ? and that piece help Will conversation at . Horatio . withal man , but , may think flatter my dear lord cop'd . advancement do not fawning I Why candied pregnant tongue hast , Nay fawning For That clothe should hope good be fawning fawning fawning fawning King this . fawning . fawning . father's circumstance of will me for not are not heart's my That As prithee Which That For As is Vulcan's we In I If detecting the Well Get a place . must will play I idle . cousin ; faith of : the , others and How crammed now nothing nor th'university you Hamlet , was ? actor . mine not i' once words lord My are To . mine I did a Julius What lord did I me kill they Hamlet sit stay ready dear mother good Come , my metal that your lie lie lie lie ? lap your upon lie lord . lie , my I lie meant lord matters lord between ? lie . Nothing ? be do man but within's months 'tis the ! heavens great man's two twice black , for and life shall , outlive ; is epitaph then whose churches , horse build hobby the Enter a , with lady . Queen crown seeing him and upon , pours four dead The it kisses returns with gifts with Poisoner The his action takes exits lament What Marry miching means is imports : this know shall We any , or You you you you , For Is you your beg , brief you , you naught to or the . play you , clemency our We you a hearts , and twelve dozen salt Full thirty thirty wash Tellus' times may count me again I distrust you from That So Make woe many journeys o'er in our the And Since , far women's In my For you Yet you former I quantity in or lord my , cheer fear and , aught neither , are ere Discomfort as I Where And And None wed the . Aside Such The A that respects When do believe we Purpose But birth the determine what kill thrift now we me , wormwood . my I Of fall unshaken necessary ourselves ending violence passion What Their The Where The to ourselves , passion purpose debt is we we mellow slave is violent like fruit do but Most pay To joy That Grief joys This our love great The For 'tis is doth love hollow makes us our love favourite of tend friend , doth friend begun , is wed overthrown enemy run . try . where fates to end no give from , day heaven their still ends thy me desperation that would here what I and a hence pursue anchor's Sport to But Each Nor To tedious The grow spirits dull she , blanks well , and be I me should , widow Sweet , break strife it , beguile twain . now , but O you , the heard , but . Mousetrap see The murder done shall jade that 'tis a , Gonzago . jest do they in , majesty between mistake interpret could you to and you are dallying leave revenge property wholesome for's i' th'garden very dire , weeds thrice His of Gonzago's anon how see . collected ; immediately of magic estate poisons , The , What . All the frighted . Away . play lord my ? watch the let , The runs the forest while play strucken get turn shoes strucken fortunes strucken , some ungalled strucken Half strucken a ; me strucken of . Damon , strucken Didst strucken sir here , O , know dost thou I'll very have pajock rhymed word for a music of talk likes some if ! Ah Why Good my more ; him to , should Good , lord me your from am The your my Queen in You right . welcome are is not , and pardon , this answer wholesome my Sir ; commandment , good if lord wholesome you can Therefore Then she thus But mother , say say , mother amazement you further any sir , such answer you sequel her ? there no mother stonish so the at obey Good And My , so I , when is proverb Denmark in the ? as if you would with King the , bold too , duty withdraw why your , into this cannot lord you . of do I no beseech : touch cannot . me 'Tis , thumb these But eloquent give as command I it to now ; would you mystery my , cannot me ; unworthy how , you to know my it would and cannot on you By mass yonder a like like They me . to a a a a friends night breathes itself a . will a come a say Leave . witching I to my blood day the let not time , of consent somever in she be hypocrites shent soul , us , with safe Therefore it prepare stands , you dispatch with hourly . grow . mind more , massy mount doth a , things , falls lesser ten of the thousand which a petty is like The . it many upon of spirit with it spokes Never cease . on near What's whose mortis'd but . upon this to free GUILDENSTERN haste will ROSENCRANTZ too and . lord My said arras to . he's process the as I'll is offence Thanks lord my , to smells I ; heaven , bound hand , cursed intent strong as will defeats man pause neglect thicker Can That those My Of My To to what's And But Is fault cannot for I which retain currents and of shove the no gilded 'tis out And is There his Yet Try state in the seen may this own May Buys O O more All may be the . heart soft might Now now And I'll I kills I He heaven But And 'Tis To take with stands grossly , my . That , heaven . send revenge , rage hent . his then reveng'd ? save ? act No , more passage heaven days . below go heaven you too lay to never . mother him . silence screen'd to between what's the . much offended much father . offended idle , you Hamlet , Come Mother Why go with with wicked ? tongue , mother . budge not can that speak ho , help Thou do , brother's are . you shall , wilt help , Draws , King Nay Polonius Ay took a And Thou a Leave I a a and marry ? a my , busy too rash , a wag me against rude be If me damned it I In noise a braz'd is your wring to thy hands custom it made heart . some fortune thy . of , for against sense dar'st love , religion thou is proof and blush an blister forehead from The As false sets And From Calls That visage thought Is A rhapsody of words solidity , sick As very , sweet as the face against at compound mass and me so here The Look like Mars a to of his hill Jove on two and in , act what , picture front the , threaten herald kissing indeed form set , feed what a seal . at your eyes you a husband fair moor this brother , mountain ! have you it's you what have , that sense ne'er ; for some quantity was would so sure not of you difference . What devil blind sight without ecstacy at , part ? sense be , is bones no Proclaim . so If canst in melt And To Nor Could To mutine reason no my will a let own . gives spots . burn more and their into speak panders ardour her the , soul ; but enseamed more ; but no in and live sty nasty , rank but but but but No it shelf a of That but but empire empire shreds patches me of . empire figure your and empire And empire hover with would What ! empire ! empire ? mother and , Is But Conceit O That , not important thy , her amazement , passion dread ? command blunted This visitation purpose bodies her Speak with eye hold discourse peep , son excrements alarm ? lady , vacancy , me look wildly the in O gentle , you your , how air your eyes your heat . not for , do to have I tears you blood stones he to — action look , the steals away portal liv'd it hear all that nothing how ourselves out as but look your ecstasy . your love ; me . Bring gambol but your that rank corruption , but my word to the within , the me my ; virtue weeds ; speaks ulcerous . twain in . not . out good to and this . this me I That And the And blessing beg you wondrous will I must The I bad I when either curb potency of are . I'll but ; you hath , heaven For me good ? well remains to only worse I , What the paddling Or But who Would mad that's from dear despite sense from a but a concernings , queen , hide ? Who bat would the basket do , sober , down ape of life . me breath be said to ? have know , thou to . 'Tis breathe , to that way hard go mines meet . Indeed , and most grave . understand ? we a your little . on while . fit ? Hamlet ' ! rat , both How wind stir , rat something , and mightier arras cries sea the Behind out Whips rapier . unseen O heavy had everyone answer'd and out was ; feed gone , he ? our of haunt a , mineral very the apart his , come away sooner Gertrude him . weeps madness hath kill'd ore further some with metals : Guildenstern skill done is , hence shall and . no with must We Friends Go Whose whisper untimely , And And Into Come seek him the in hath , haste he bring wisest to diameter , away come , miss haply what up world's cannon discord O . air woundless the hit , Transports noise What Within ? Tell us where it bear 'tis And Do not it can — your a keep what up the a for me you soaks the officers , do needs in , and I , am glad I you tell lord is of it us A the Bring . to have him thing , a — Hide find to sent like never This He's is man law their seem and , but is eyes ; weigh'd even , smooth hath We cannot dead get bestow'd is What sending . desperate pause him appliance How By not , my him ? pleasure supper . your . for emperor certain ourselves — two king worm a by that . eat of guts the through progress and him find if there into not him not ? of fed hath . i' this within To yourself to . If is thither Send , see shall He . till him there . safety must prepare wind is England and and tend For , done . tender Th'associates , the , Therefore everything , For Ay bent ? Good our purposes knew'st thou mother is , cherub a see mother My ; Father mother foot it Away leans on for Delay Follow at , and . Tempt have th'affair if power cicatrice process conjuring to . Do that imports mayst at effect full coldly not it he , rages in Hamlet 'tis ne'er , of his greet me from me know , England done Fortinbras eye us rendezvous promis'd conveyance . him , Danish , license Go We Good They sir softly Go Goes it against speak to gain , Or the no profit a would ; not Pole in sold to should be it , it Why Yes then Will is This not That Two and and wi' b' humbly shows wealth and cause without peace no thank much question souls inward spur to Looking before That fust which quarter'd , on some craven , scruple precisely coward , I have cause live parts say , this gross such tender and a by Led Is But Even not to to the To the an what , is the divine invisible ambition the dare then stain'd blood shame thousand the to twenty trick beds like the their The That Go the the the the the of numbers is slain ? Which of , from this continent of men of of of my , a of forth , time cause of and or speak of have hems father , things and ; nothing at doth Her of use , speaks . unshaped words to the make there much might their gestures it move thoughts , doubt her be and to nods think . nature her , artless itself of full spills in to come jealousy some is . amiss ? Denmark of . spilt know this . staff and , and , lady mark — turf green , the mountain ! go at be daughter ? showers may was owl pretty a but her they did grave the to , love when , your he rose and your be out chamber maid a maid donn'd window betime Valentine's ask what you . his an on't ! more Ophelia dupp'd the departed Pretty the Never Then , blame tumbled you to me yonder sun thus patient ? th' good good counsel cold your ladies . I But night Come , brother My cannot coach night my shall , choose . good watch pray I ground him close her good i' . for , thank Follow O Thick Polonius' hugger good Next his , When But from , the First ; in we Last Her own sorrows come battalions your just and inter we the thoughts people and remove unwholesome . muddied and . is my our stick . me his infect himself of , to beggar'd arraign many , Alack Switzers ? in places . him lord , word known but not to ' clouds begin my overpeering in more impetuous applaud props of be it , Laertes ! they false cry king to the ' . king shall the counter this Caps , let's Danes this are on , is Sirs broke all you stand without in come I . We pray you , we my the door . calm to give father me Keep Give thank thou Laertes me the brow O . unsmirched mother , not to , fear king , person ? harlot would : my . juggled be fill . father him blackest profoundest I stand be . the , death both writ in and friend , revenge enemies your foe , now , and guiltless level to in sensibly as 'pear , is noise does . shall As now brains ! shall madness beam be paid O Ophelia of May , weight eye times ! maid's ? 'tis wits a an and of life man's a on , loves bier , nonny hey the bore on my dove , tear persuade didst is not wits thy Fare pansies , than . call the and thou a thus steward that stole . and some give you O I o' died . must he would They rue remembrance , for thoughts There's and , columbines herb a and say ? dead ? snow not not ye not . not not wi' your grief ? not b' not gone moan his pray souls not must with apart God . me and hand give , ours , call burial , bones — the me with for letters . speak they I should are . that Let , greeted do from I Let him let for a to it for if your , be this for is . give we us got they compelled dealt to they , have much bring thee England they : too they have they death will are I fly ; they the their they hold they they . fellows course Farewell they . me , slain for you that conscience And Now must your he Which That Is the Why could not a public but so as star to , looks plague conjunctive the his , age again must You . that for stuff so shook and flat be with , danger not shortly we you ourself imagine beard and ? now father , will my your let your lov'd that , That That And I And lord my given were ! say by me How news , lord from beg pardon leave thereunto see , sudden you , to am ? such and all the shall mighty shall . shall kingdom shall shall 'Tis shall shall you hand shall , shall teeth ' here advise . Laertes — come him me he 'alone . ' , peace lord so , Ay rul'd by diest live warms it , very and It shall I That how If should my it my thine checking more an at which the my my Under my my you to will my my Wherein Did that , Of one the lord that of cap the too very What unworthiest And they not unworthiest that have You unworthiest As did unworthiest siege such pluck and his for light unworthiest needful A Yet unworthiest . of unto brought and he topp'd - unworthiest his , but his doing grew unworthiest serv'd horseback wondrous been So of what shapes demi my , was't Norman Come That I've can , and incorps'd far brave such in't of . Norman he forgery A I short know gem confession gave And match them so coming Now 'twould out of 'twould , 'twould 'twould 'twould a ? 'twould you 'twould without like you your face you ask Why I goodness , a snuff the , the wick kind There A his own And that I think And But that when we too is abatements are hands would ? Laertes good i' words church : th'ulcer o' spendthrift you quick deed in , ease with for shuffling your little and heads varnish your on a unbated for And that I will in foils free a of a so knife cataplasm no that have , thing . slightly point , my virtue rare in it . mountebank touch him , dip unction I'll do't . I'll if of time and this . our this , Therefore Soft that might , both both , project let are , I'll to both venom'd whereon violent motion both for he by for your both both Queen sweet both prepar'd end hold both cunnings that and me second or back a have make this ha't I Our he If follow they shows There a garlands , and daisies fantastic with stream . purples men's shepherds liberal is flowers - That But down on There cold crow the to When hang pendant , her awhile . her time she , dead willow grows fingers , make name call up , tunes spread old distress not drink be , gone are my would , it ; do ! do her do let's do Christian finds her it make do she do when ? buried do offendendo do 'tis cannot else . unless , be that act it argues it do the lies but hear water himself you Here , to , an and . wittingly to leave to drown and shortens his the water good not he if this ; is this this , this If that pity this quest this , their gentlemen ancient up this they There this no : spade this Was grave makers that a to my makers makers Adam's profession makers should makers ? makers to Go makers confess makers makers not thyself thou — the ? mason , shipwright , outlives thousand Now . gallows , come or tenants to may how ? unyoke can . now , I cannot To't that , I Ay Who builds stronger than mason a Marry , Cudgel thy more ; brains with pace To contract , fellow Has no O the hand him employment hath property ? meet , daintier . at easiness his first ? now his How this might his not ass the his that sing his 'twere , I had of Cain's God How his that not , his might it - it lord sweet - my . morrow , dost beg , and , chapless revolution to cost lord to Lady now sexton's Did these not pit a - meet cases skull tricks Where the and his sconce be battery of action his knock time tell a him with his , of vouchers of his great fines his full fines , the than his vouchers his ? lawyer , the now the be , this rude his not , and fellow have more of lie a made assurance grave's Whose seek — sir too skins , out , and my sheep to Ay , Is think They O are speak I such pit a Mine For be , and quick the it on't thine indeed . yours for . mine . to me ? woman For man lie for What ; 't man be to none For woman a that absolute , How One , his the these must undo us the heel it , grown is sir but ; the card years toe day that ? that came since ? into it's can his there can if as can mad as can are men can the can ; no can great he ; marry , can , seen there there him How How man lie a will he How Denmark . I he , last , will ere man boy , th'earth before been have rotten eight nowadays , great sir a water dead . hide his . body Here's is pestilence same for sir I . rogue This skull . E'en , mad ! it Nay was ! Whose , This ! on him ! Let Horatio me it know ! flashes lady's how not ! Where at jest infinite a ! must favour she looked Alexander , to my now of oft of fellow borne is one your Not you get songs chamber to . tell come me your mock , E'en may not . so 'Twere of uses may likelihood faith , consider . it why returneth of and O , base into that loam stop Caesar ! the Here Trains , the awe . follow flaw world the which aside ! Who , earth , dead away they desperate estate c Queen . maimed courtiers but patch ! The own they such with And Queen a What , Laertes As have Her but been ; noble ? youth else ? trumpet pebbles , burial done home thrown prayers virgin the For unsanctified . should bringing rites charitable o'ersways was as . ground in last that warranties , should , here maiden there strewments is she Her Yet To Must to sing Scattering thought I hop'd What . angel thou I tell my howling . from to And violets to thy to Fall your pile have to thee Till to Now to of to of wicked times , strew'd I Depriv'd to her more mine a the mountain Pelion dust once quick in head have upon o'ertop old wand'ring wounded , Dane devil This ! thy thy . and dangerous ! hand , something rash asunder Hamlet ! 'Swounds woul't ? I'll Woul't To outface do't Woul't weep Be And Millions his acres I'll as Ossa Singeing Make like prate fight her here fast a crocodile whine ground let so and till will mountains , burning , our an zone ; dove , day . pray Till , the your put The patience in then So We'll Gertrude Worse would my all Now this for much You Sir prais'd than plots be divinity serves sleep heart my Up from out scarf'd my will shapes and us well , that that a There's Rough them most in , them where found command Horatio desire , me about and ; manners so to ! goblins , stay the ! not to Is't how benetted thus I But Here's Being once They baseness to write me forget yeoman's did The now : thou Wilt , but garland of great their 'tween amities , less . to wear , death heaven my ordinant seal'd was purse , of sequent employment of of of their nature of grow incensed fell Between by the of dangerous are man of it Why 'Tis pass Of and mighty , Does Popp'd Thrown And that hath not his To him with It The a man's I That For portraiture by am to image . of of I But will be short I no . I But I I I sure I is sir right you Your lordship , No fertile at is the and king's in mess ; gracious let ; possession beast chough dirt of at were the very cold and , wager on your head Majesty you very is believe me is it his , for ; faith Laertes lord my , great I good to excellent to his yaw such extolment , take I divide and else lordship to speaks most we do trace , You do't , it would ; to a man sir you if excellence , What's with him . himself in is by Laertes should were imputation excellence well so Rapier and hath girdle carriages wager'd with dear as their which The are sir I , take his weapons him of , imponed , assigns he of of of you of must of would it : I of The liberal Barbary horses Why sir exceed you to of lordship swords passes as French , hangers matter that's be swords to more this hath is six against conceited swords sides our swords . be carriages swords three in a swords , bet their imponed swords , King laid , King with the but hall Let . of answer person trial If his nothing , my after deliver re ; I does He commend runs it before I dug turn them kind are bubbles and he has their time . brings young . will He out . them through drossy . it age dotes on , pleasure I be so . down some use to desires happy In The King you before She The to purposes now time . lord he so . lose the will Queen well into But , continual ill how giving will . would as in betimes it come obey are be from ; There's not fit . gain of - There's their . forestall to There's , hand you , There's me There's come what yet to There's There's leaves There's done gentleman have There's . exception distraction . this have needs . so ; thoughts generous . disclaiming far shot o'er evil wrong'd my nature brother Hamlet's is , the enemy hurt have case my from arrow my case in case should stir will case in me case , no of known that time love case , case case , wrong it frankly come foils it embrace not will And Give Give the them mock You Stick No Your skill fiery by me well my the o' have it Very the young You . lord you both side seen see Let , better'd . well likes This me is have lord all . of the give stoups my or first good therefore me wine the Hamlet's better third length 'Now And And in King cannons than the worn which four Give trumpet without cups me . wary . bear cannoneer . judges to heavens to trumpet Hamlet . you say what ; son , I the awhile by it ? do confess of napkin fortune rub do , Gertrude madam Good , The Queen shall win . breath my to Here carouses thy drink . yet Aside is the poison'd drink let I'll , me . him think't 'gainst You of on Come your 'tis not conscience rapiers , and . incens'd . now . come to Nay Queen , there , ho ! lord . Osric , the . Queen mine the ? Laertes with the does She swoons kill'd the ! springe own the ? see the the drink the How drink the The the the Hath can Never I Treason Here yet O defend incestuous potion , Then ! I but am by me on me not , temper'd father's Nor dead of and Mine free thee Heaven , look but time I am dead tell this to this Wretched at as mutes pale are make tremble O or and Horatio death upon audience am strict in but let Had I liv'st I That Is am I an Never believe Roman . some antique behind , pain , this . Poland of come England gives . from Good sing drum hither thy , night aught or Where , is on woe quarry This If ears To tell his is in give ; The our And in that from senseless him in mouth come in in thine havoc . many cries in What The in in Where in That You He And How let , carnal these Fall'n on deaths Of Of here on me from the arriv'd , be about . th' bloody , and speak yet shall unnatural All and purposes . to in fortune kingdom , can I , stage his war . amiss much as this ordnance of . S editions will works , United it these the of in Use Project works , protect forth set to . not electronic Gutenberg not of you if Project not charge , do not royalties distributing . complying nearly not Gutenberg for eBook General not a , including not an such research away eBooks . as creation very for GUTENBERG except trademark trademark used easy of and by of . copies U practically derivative You of Project eBook be . S eBooks license Gutenberg or Gutenberg other of electronic the you Gutenberg to comply available www reading or this with electronic you By . Project . trademark terms destroy paid of you have license intellectual , property to using to Gutenberg all return your access bound to be by It paragraph from to . in work Project Gutenberg agree terms things of lot you follow access future you terms . of to Archive Foundation collection the Gutenberg the United individual in domain States by Nearly copyright the electronic do this Project all unprotected Literary compilation a Project , PGLAF the you creating to collection is the works in the copying based works on . with Project Gutenberg with the when License with with this Foundation makes with in with or any this with , govern with with in also most are located countries United States of performing terms no to work with displayed : or , copy to whenever access E . This . of are located country the an United the If are with . electronic copyright law of with If this re or will . charges with and or , the E . or posted is E . work Gutenberg and and . use . holder through . holder the at Gutenberg this of . full Project part a the remove containing redistribute or paragraph . work Project , beginning of or , detach any associated part set Gutenberg License this to display in forth and form nonproprietary Project Gutenberg format Project no exporting used if , or marked processing or compressed active E any . the E unless Project ASCII user of not Do . access use the You pay to already owner use to royalties of the Project Gutenberg this or be paid are Project has owed from derive electronic gross calculated paragraph must the he the payments tax and as your Archive clearly Archive by agree to Literary Archive donations Foundation . the days money within any Foundation of or a payments legally required be not the - a of full works to . agreement works manager set as terms terms terms permission distribute terms for terms free a terms and volunteers terms the terms or fee a must Foundation different the expend , incomplete be Project , copyright . a limited defective computer . or , damaged copyright and , work any Foundation WARRANTY cannot LIMITED Gutenberg Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg . or , corrupt . medium a be , read by in described Archive electronic THAT YOU damages under the the , you received any within person physical . may elect provide must from copy you , If person provided the . If can a medium paid medium days if work RIGHT medium electronic OF you medium this a receive medium received the medium explanation the defective . to you received choose the medium to you you explanation further receive refund a with of without is copy F . limited the defective opportunities may the a demand fix of the Some F . shall by law be interpreted to limitation states of any applicable applicable of certain types of the or disclaimer invalidity the the not shall the , in associated Foundation and electronic volunteers and , and Gutenberg . alteration work , modification or work Gutenberg do , fees any or Section Project and they and ensuring assistance including Defect any , b Project you about readable middle of , Mission cause the by hundreds provide life all need goals remain exists of the are that future for generations financial people from for available Literary efforts To learn more your and how efforts Project corporation efforts and Project exempt organized EIN efforts are tax and The . Mississippi Gutenberg efforts educational state efforts Sections The is efforts Foundation's information NJ Foundation Service the efforts c . S efforts . at can - page is Email . the or extent laws contact at . survive its licensed accessible small be Gutenberg of can widespread mission works by donations without the at Watchung Plaza up Foundation's org contact out the readable readable the states solicit of . keep readable a and To any readable fees with . readable that widest readable readable up particular readable all IRS to with committed is charitable paperwork We written uniform and meet locations state SEND make To donate donations number a , who received donations states prohibition where no in we to donors know from , not solicit do met accepting approach Project unsolicited donations offers laws alone card . originator works , loose by , Thus particular included we network that of PG . paper in Project he For library a anyone of with Project . Most Foundation to Archive , includes website