. answer Nay , Long live You struck 'Tis this now I much And twelve bed bitter . stirring . bid them Marcellus Horatio good night and Stand to . ho ground liegemen Give my to Welcome , Horatio this , Say , is Horatio ! of Welcome there fantasy our but I Horatio That I have . night come to 'twill eyes if With And let this watch this and speak . ears . pole . assail against nights fortified so we And Where thee that's comes . of myself Horatio Horatio again — it King , dead then beating one . the to to would like Most thou Together What usurp'st this of , spoke King Looks art not ; the Did ! speak ! Horatio What the , this ! my God Before ! sledded he it Without Of I might sensible and own not art very th'ambitious once the thou As Such he frown'd , He Thus smote twice particular hath thought stalk martial gross and strange eruption and to of scope to strict , nightly down the cast and implements brazen of for of most tell subject Sunday the , opinion not ; our watch knows of war sore me the the land observant - joint this from labourer week task whose sweaty , King , last Our , cov'nant , full which strong state other hand foresaid recover to And As hath For Shark'd in the And the sir , lands I , watch our this this The by That it well doth source That was armed - the Comes As Did The squeak Disasters the whose in trains earth As to almost earth even harbingers heaven blast any behold earth and climatures and where earth omen together demonstrated again illusion earth to done earth , death , walk , stand partisan my Marcellus and , strike it if 'Tis do We And about speak started to And It was it To For cock , Awake the with his god , The , Doth Upon that or and , the have a , then , sea Th'extravagant This object season cock herein warning , abroad , night spirit Saviour's on say Some his present the of they heard hallow'd fairy watch dew us young Unto we yon high eastward advice ; charm the upon my my part time clad him duty speak fitting with him loves shall acquaint will , pray find him , I and seen to ? conveniently , Voltemand . death Where I us our woe on queen , ourselves state now , in one to our eye in , joy gone barr'd marriage , a dirge warlike one and and dropping defeated 'twere as , funeral In scale to ; weighing we auspicious Taken Th'imperial jointress nor have we have all For , know young which our dear pester all . brother and the Now not his To impotent Thus our Lost by for most valiant is to be ourself , with for business nephew's herein , his Cornelius subject purpose rid , to , than to you no further and , greeting the dilated your haste King these let heartily it and doubt , some , And You You told cannot now CORNELIUS , and things : is't What . what's . the the all us your shall head not speak news ? of voice And The now show though your to France , done ; France will time last and again , bend father's your , By Upon best more thy And But spend Laertes ; hard my seal'd you , graces and and my go slow Polonius says and him at wrung petition will my Not so is . little thy Take , hour it cousin , at kin am ever noble nature look a thy father , Thou thy Ay , Passing thy , it If , to thee thy seems thy , not ? dust vailed thy friend it I mother , river of my ! No thy Nor Nor forc'd black thy good eye the ; with . visage of grief , seem ; play woe to father ; bound father survivor your nature father lost and to shows will and impatient unschool'd a . But . and mind , heaven grief persevere Hamlet ; is our 'tis that , died us of woe ' till , Fie , a fault to as opposition , peevish fault , heaven sense to nature , take , his of throne son to theme , dead the against . so be And Do that going beseech to you less no You pray with mother in Our thee , is Than I retrograde to . For Wittenberg in to eye : you comfort , and Denmark my lose ; Hamlet of and . us loving reply , accord in shall tell , Hamlet , again shall speaking rouse the Madam you obey , fair a ; that my earthly cannon health to jocund this and me that His smiling the Seem grows Possess to to excellent two it on't canon O too , weary How Visit her he So That But months I By As on on't think With which all month , A O mourn'd A , wants Why she she — a grown had within shoes , those thy poor father's , were uncle , to , galled my yet of , Frailty and or followed — but ; no more ere my that married Within Hercules salt flushing in , reason of discourse most of have My She Had married . the the to I father's brother yet left With But or Sir name your same The lordship do forget ; well , with you friend lord ? Wittenberg . from my good Horatio ? you from . my say so ; good are no student . wedding hard ! to me follow'd my funeral The . father my see . meats tables the dearest — Or My shall lord , I think not man he him his . a , I ; once I look I saw take ? I King Season The lord , I My I I thus Armed dumb , speak jelly truncheon's deliver'd night to not secrecy them as I And The point them length oppress'd their and dreadful the third had they they whilst fear surprised eyes , distill'd fear of your knew I , In with of thing comes ? father and like . more . this platform not These My none as shrunk from our 'tis . true lord it my very 'Tis And up it lord it like it vanish'd in cock morning sight . speak loud . down ? me duty our troubles it . do We Arm'd , of in but tonight . you Both to my foot . lord ? wore you not his he , look'd he saw lord lord yes A countenance What , or Pale Nay , more ? long his life in I seen A silver'd will you . no ; it I sable tonight . Perchance speak bid warrant assume it me Give will some I Till My doubt sit all earth , spirit in play still father's Though foul , as loves Your And the necessaries embark'd from do assistant , hear you not sleep , toy hear his ? that of , a hear ? no . hear minute ; hear hear soul , now besmirch must fear you is , doth loves the but crescent Think nature inward wide And for and himself sanctity therefore must health ; of his on of and Then to he if be choice yielding wisdom so particular ; act for which . head in for his is It far circumscrib'd choice this for whole birth ear you your for Denmark honour no he says body loves for for affection . enough , open chaste songs sustain withal goes your it fear rear shot the maid is her beauty and not Ophelia The oft in And to Too she The Out wary Contagious before their the the prodigal danger of , liquid of . of desire moon strokes . fear . libertine treads rede dalliance reckless But rebels shall to like primrose and thorny ungracious watchman Do me the itself not my th'effect I As recks as to way . of path not the , O double long too Yet Be Nor thou you Look any . for stay'd thou Those Grapple them in friends Give Bear't each But do not - thou unto new entrance man thine , thy and , soul thy a with palm hatch'd quarrel , may , thy being but in thee thy judgement : of but proclaims the both itself and the as be blessing humbly And above borrowing thine a best ; of the , self husbandry lender invites I , tend day be in thee . the lord remember you key keep , What is't something . Farewell , Ophelia he , 'Tis , well bethought ; to he me told , Have it in your Marry 'Tis If And be You it not , audience is ? and your tell on put I so daughter of Give , affection ! He Affection hath Of in believe speak perilous his such Pooh Unsifted think for true ; baby a more . pay dearly . yourself , what I circumstance as them . call should ; think ? phrase poor a love , heaven . daughter prodigal how , catch springes When Lends light tongue the given vows blazes , the do ; maiden fire it a time both - making , presence From higher rate this Lord Hamlet extinct soul , lord my , of speech your entreatments that may young is show , brokers , this all investments unholy pious suits , the any ; come with your . are Ophelia forth time bawds for , slander very you or it cold . you . ways leisure talk so you words give to't I , you shrewdly ; nipping and you it lacks it you spirit It his then , the twelve . season . bray thus pledge of I custom here . trumpet his down born my honour'd This And and breach the manner More They So their in us drunkards , vicious Since That The Soil Makes us From our marrow of indeed attribute particular of in nature are not . it and pith some birth cannot wherein nature of form breaking by Carrying His Nature's , as be livery infinite , the as may undergo . defend damn'd hell , evil of doubt a ! Hamlet answer in but shape questionable blasts thee , call , hearsed ignorance . I'll , death sepulchre this nature ? What souls ? of shake the beyond cerements we corse is you to impartment complete the jaws mean in we to glimpses our fools , inurn'd again , and may with go means we do with it desire , did more I fear pin's fee . the do itself me do , speak , my be at as . toward of summit you dreadful forth it if What , what immortal the flood it follow to waves tempt Or And there assume o'er Which his horrible the the base some Think of other you draw And The Go , waves puts toys fathoms roar It shall hears so looks That And heaven By Still I , Something Have after . To . I'll . him it thou Mark me Nay Must My When hour will not Alas up is . will I ghost will tormenting myself almost serious will hear shalt thou to thy shall bound to will me Pity art thou will Doom'd a for am I , I day crimes my I house that days of , revenge away confin'd . up knotted fretful to hair upon two eyes combined eternal this blazon thy ever Like Thy Are To Make ears thou flesh If particular blood and didst Revenge But foul unnatural his Murder But most most Murder , foul with wings of swift it unnatural and apt than revenge to that , the Hamlet orchard Denmark . of , hear noble Lethe thee sweep I And thou 'Tis serpent rots That Ay O wit incestuous wit his and seeming to , most queen . have his - off what me whose a traitorous adulterate that with , beast ! gifts won falling her my of to O The From it to whose a ; hand in marriage even seduce those , of But ! lewdness lust Will it So Brief let methinks scent the afternoon uncle my celestial . the on prey . thy Sleeping always be though virtue court sate made went hour That natural with And hour And hour hour custom juice With Upon hour The And thin The hour hour Most Of Thus made horrible If O With all thou Cut life hast couch howsoever for luxury mind those mother aught that in Fare the matin well her leave , pursu'st let thy , bed and of incest damned nor . O earth memory holds thee instant Hold ! me . What , a memory records , Remember grow ? of adieu , couple bear away the , of wipe I'll saws Within tables sure Meet , it , O , there , At So It smile adieu have My . HORATIO and , secure . So be him . it come bird , Come , lord ! lord , heart of secret ? once . be , think , it ? man my lord MARCELLUS lord , and heaven , Denmark right at shall we business it as For , wild and — and they faith . you whirling go . own desire point part part , you , my . us , will you MARCELLUS . not . soldiers friends tonight seen have what we Nay Nor my , my , my sword lord , sword lord . my I , not We have , Ha , ha Never speak ubique Then speak Never Hic Come your this that you heard sword my . our shift sword . have my by . Well said A worthy mole ! therefore dreamt more a but day And and are are as strange , before As How or I To O of as With list you we know' know giving 'We of or ; or me by , 'Well 'If As Beneath . your . this of aught mercy perturbed , need , gentlemen to Hamlet is , pray spite , it friending cursed in you you ; lips to go , O . your lack of and love on right together . born was do visit his it inquiry Reynaldo you . Paris , keep , sir they finding and and Danskers what at Marry said Enquire how And you him , to . son know encompassment , What what , as do , more him , of come of question you friends very part in , but ; him such be he he's may you ' mean ; heed forgeries As part if't so As sir dishonour you companions and and , lord , noted drinking , no My You not That meaning That's But in the incontinency him , faults mind on his liberty , quaintly , drift my would , lord lord a fetch . this that do ? here's little it , sullies soil'd on my crimes , this or the . consequence ; be 'friend or or lord to or ? or I marry or ! gentleman ' , or day you , say or ; t'other such : say , sir I about , See sale' perchance house assays . reach , and lecture directions with of falsehood , then he yesterday such , out him brothel do , indirections by son . of of takes a you Shall Good lord . music his I let Well Farewell . the matter ? so of unbrac'd God , before me do so so so ; so so so hard me held of thus of of waving sigh seem length shaking took And He with he length he goes his length At last And length length end with being As seem'd his their his he profound all piteous up length his bulk , length King heaven to . passion fordoes itself ? seek doors he went without his help on command did and . mad . but jealousy my beshrew fear'd . to our ! trifle opinions did is for is beyond the our in go , But better hath access ; given letters that him thee wreck it ourselves hide hate to it I I had that see move . King age , sort love long you to him , himself to call nor it you with humour , to your in youth entreat I days his your , to rest pleasures may to you to unknown our to within him of living , lies hath . much men much talk'd are will please there afflicts glean remedy . thus , adheres more am , to as little him aught That on he us , Whether gentlemen open'd he the your shall visitation To show whom As sure Might As Your expend to , lay dread pleasures majesties power a your . have you command your at freely . We gentle full Guildenstern . some you , him is . visit Hamlet amen , Pleasant make and lord my do hold to As I Hunts hath us'd , and to my you , the as or of — lunacy as have to th'ambassadors do that of do to the as Assure I trail that Hamlet's I as be them as admittance the do as grace , my to source as and sweet other your queen all but the and bring he that marriage . main . in . hath , him good , Most nephew's be But falsely Receives uncle , hand from th'assay To Makes his give And With That So As therein Meantime we thank our And at you Most , It , and rest Go your This business welcome home we'll feast . we'll wit is duty night brevity is night , soul . ended : mad ? madness noble else true son . define go . all . pity , remains art art less with true now . then And cause , is , the most and remainder obedience thus the . defect . of this , mine , surmise vile . Ophelia a gather hear I stars a I have love I to the thou that at , am ill never Doubt Good madam , But dear that Ophelia dear . they As you do . wing that , honourable might faithful hot , desk daughter had seen me here - book think , what or winking dear had my Or given Or I upon ? mistress ' my you might lock And his I receive out mute idle sight and , herself , sadness done Admit into a , lightness , to a , a to Into all madness , watch by he this . advice , raves declension , ' be I it though , walks it . indeed I'll he is circumstances this , hid me How the may sometimes So and me If behind loose not the his from the At such Let the look the where the leave away . the ? both reading me , it . give Hamlet a , lord ? a a so well Then , you , my good Lord mercy my . fishmonger me You lord goes my were you would Honest ten , That's in carrion daughter lord , lord , look . a dog to't my is He fishmonger as kissing a have Have maggots daughter ? And . you How may . i' Conception . conceive sun th' Words the the matter , I that For tree - to speak this gone I'll mean the ; I hold that should All and faces are , honesty backward have it most that grey amber and method is you have — thus lack of powerfully pregnant sometimes lord , hits How . his ? in't my grave . the Will . suddenly replies Indeed My honourable could sanity You to go sir my life , tedious . there he life . of leave lord more my will . except lord . you , over - very . her of the not are we children Good indifferent are in Neither waist the soles about ? the world's grown honest she . at me Let . more not you lord ? one world the , dungeons and . o' many is Fortune Denmark's . prison We in 'tis , space for . you so it A indeed bounded I have and , in too bad . king myself . mind your for dreams very a a light and th' and shadows Then are beggars' to such matter Shall beggars We'll wait you of beaten To visit will in speak am , I I , the an lord I what am the . occasion my dreadfully rest make most ; servants Elsinore , visitation I but halfpenny free thank . Come sent not . you a we your purpose . of to kind enough must - preserved , even be what youth with or and and To me love withal you To charge fellowship ever Nay by then I have will but the earth , look , you seems shall lord My and late in god : in have for I exercises the ; so and lost my no so me a with promontory disposition this , neither this of how it that , brave reason admirable o'erhanging beauty of action what congregation pestilent and how express yet how how , And like me seem to you . delights animals dust , players plays king are receive was lord that hither shall my My you did Why if adventurous make sigh ; the gratis shall man whose freely humorous welcome , foil are blank of halt sere verse tragedians shall the reputation late city . in the the I the estimation they so city , did ? of , better profit their Do think I the children are so and of , aerie they pursue are , keeps in — eyases little endeavour comes the common berattle if like afterwards they no children means exclaim are grow should longer make ? been much do controversy ? throwing about boys away in cuffs while ? holds nation , been ; while apiece ducats more something hundred him strange do for very mouths in not that is would is there welcome this at it a , you , But - my uncle is fashion to the father , from . is wind lord . hands me - what hawk north . Your . like Elsinore welcome ceremony to . outward garb this welcome you north - Guildenstern mad but , Well them and see Happily prophesy right them sir you baby them the there he's will them them Buzz Upon actor . them , was an When , his on - world pastoral in - and judge of writ . What treasure , the be each either , tragedy , heavy . nor are for the or only . too individable light the . well more lord a he had — my Why daughter he well lord I not my , passing , Still Aside The th' that , Nay What It The are lot , know you ! Thy as am , wot , as chanson As came the my will as glad more . where as since I , at of you like young as valanc'd . as to see is heaven as Pray the , speech was cracked . falconers Come speech . a the speech cracked , play I but passionate lord cracked . to't a We'll , cracked uncurrent see to . for me once cracked was — it in set as cracked said matter no , more handsome called but , by . cunning , caviare the , especially not , digested in such matter judgements the in matters cried , were sallets Dido the down it there tale line this at not It With of impasted he a fathers murders is and and That their And and Bak'd lend total gules mothers and . Old my and God and too Rebellious Striking and short Anon Repugnant Priam at But o'ersized like With lord , with to ear . and in lies . him it falls blow sword Unequal and with Ilium blow strikes match'd rage . wind command blow drives . blow i' , to Did winds speechless blow the in bold hush Doth rend Aroused blow As as we heavens , th'air milky , lo For blow Pyrrhus' Which Priam was declining seem'd his the stand , gods , her ! Fortune take down the fellies to , nave as is This too long , or he on come ; a with bawdry your for He's to Say A blanket seen with would treason loins , for o'erteemed fear did tongue a the is queen' have th'alarm all , stood . and rheum down up , A clout and upon robe up head that her , steep'd heaven — of , speak you passion mincing In , will well used you have things made milch the the . tears and . Do Use live . and desert The and of let them . dignity , in . honour bounty desert after . your is your in sirs Can lord for down Gonzago of some . Come . You I , study need you set a . We'll friends could you friends are and till Rosencrantz b' Good welcome , you alone good You my Elsinore mock to . lord my I'll My . Is in Could it not and his distraction , all to visage function nothing ; wan'd passion own his dream of suiting here ! conceit for Hecuba he , tears stage the drown would general guilty of eyes and Yet the a ? a across me it gall throat this and : it Who me blows it and or , the all is a upon't a Foh ! with heart ! speak these have my of . quick tongue to it organ like I'll If malefactions no I'll , their murder . spirit observe . potent such melancholy have I . devil the my . I'll . The with the have spirits , me the . hath , play's King the grounds . circumstance confusion , no by sounded , some be forward him on madness true state crafty him himself this of puts his dangerous days why harshly can from turbulent so him and all he he would Most with of Niggard But with a we find he receive his Did Of Did you in are , They play him kind a Of that these the about court him joy players we of order , your matter the ; his We For That Gertrude sent by Ophelia that Affront , seeing judge , here , for you . obey shall , Ophelia , or , espials is way your do his I love as , he frankly behav'd , Read may exercise To . you , will — lash cheek , that a — How — Than smart The — I — him coming or slings Whether The Or to by No more The heart That Devoutly , sleep in The of oppressor's That bear that sleep us calamity wrong makes give of insolence When pangs would office of himself That The he a Thus Than Is And lose the this With sicklied And The name of regard all this . a , Nymph , lord my ! Nymph many Nymph action . Soft you thy now orisons turn Nymph their , sins in Nymph remember'd for my Nymph your well well Nymph ; lord thank That honour'd And My I As made the with things words ; when , There Rich lord you unkind admit discourse ? should with honesty ? time gives inoculate so believe . breeder be deceived cannot not things sinners accuse very , my yet relish nunnery honest my mother had I to give believe , lord him be him in's my may house , shalt sweet he ! quickly what this , thee snow monsters wilt needs escape calumny marry thou , thy not plague thou . you . on't that it , powers go ; and if thou for marry them . of and say . your I , wantonness but state fair , tongue o'erthrown are are nunnery given amble , sword , form down and sovereign most noble the that suck'd And is here of , youth me see I and tune form unmatch'd have affections That what seen . do though melancholy seen and jangled bells sweet with T'have Haply demand : shall our and still matter for the have danger , quick variable of well . of do beating . himself brains the of something seas settled do From Sprung fit fit fit fit We heard , do as you please , fit had , fit go fit not as as of your it to you ones shall It England wisdom great pronounced players the torrent to , shows fellow O of I , pray you , the smoothness if - beget tongue I but give smoothness say may robustious capable ; tame Be the too smoothness word to the end smoothness action the be with discretion your . smoothness I the , of , smoothness hold her . playing purpose the you neither to as modesty 'twere whose the allowance the mirror players your but this that , nature the ; but . and , nature the special at for . your this , up both , pressure others heard ; whole — play profanely Christian we have so and . bellowed nor speak the I that gait them in must there abominably not I not highly accent so had , man they reform'd for on , strutted made those For that with men no will then that clowns the play . sir . to set in the fool King that laugh though considered , too the now , players and GUILDENSTERN help to make lord , Horatio ? hasten . them ho What my ! As Here my may soul ? the follow fawning tongue , Why lick hope think do may advancement hast not revenue what feed , And one blood ta'en A in of And For Since herself , thou suffers and blessed rewards co are been ? her nothing that election And for Give - mingled man , that me heart of wear of will this tonight King tonight circumstance a - foot tonight ; tonight tonight tonight , soul speech his to heedful as are rivet we one ghost . will censure march Danish If the the I others . and Queen Hamlet ? Polonius , I No th'university , lord ? words accounted say these chameleon's crammed answer fares How cannot Hamlet capons feed dish , a th' Capitol i' Brutus . good was and did lord ; What was kill'd there calf . your upon , a enact ready him enact I so . my mother good Lady . O I lie do here's you mark that by attractive . hither No , in your upon lord I think I think That's Ay ! lord should my I ? merry Nothing my lord . What . a man , lord my months looks 'tis , die man's a seeing his Queen him head kisses returns , three or poison him protestation ; horse , declines kneels and and , The it , Lays dead dead is and . my dead this miching dead mallecho the argument it dead mischief play dead in awhile unwilling dead his ? means of . the ? show players . the what Be him what this you'll that are naught I'll mark round cart orbed Tellus' moons and wash times love Neptune's About Since Full commutual our may are so though love are shortly breast . too : do to world one as — in my . first love bed in my husband dead . be the speak ; memory oft to the birth But Purpose But necessary to the purpose is . in unshaken ourselves violence of either grief , with ; ending to enactures most joy joys love lead a 'tis man down question advanc'd hitherto shall or to yet should , us our else left fortune , you makes never on love of his mark doth where are lord husband his in Directly hollow enemy doth a , of is be and me the widow well , lasting strife destroy hope my and heaven from my prison blanks that would and a hence trust me day , turn cheer here To Ophelia deeply . If , The . spirits tedious grow . thy The And never but Madam Have no argument she'll , heard do O , Mousetrap done see murder Vienna , we ; jade how wince free knavish the work : Let image of wife what the could dallying if I good one your , puppets you edge see drugs and time revenge thy ; property immediately , life . On Thou , you mistake . Begin , murderer . Pox . apt is some All lights strucken weep the Why For runs a turn this with , and So must , some , fortunes let sir , Would shoes not get a hart ungalled some must sleep , if roses the my razed pound thousand Didst here reigns . dismantled very pajock I Damon and realm Of A very himself — you . perdie , comedy the recorders . not likes like not . the lord , sir what , marvellous , lord , No should into him itself his choler plunge him ? him ? to pronounce affair , frame . discourse more show , wisdom , Queen The your You to you right . it sent of affliction . are is a wholesome business pardon Sir welcome not courtesy me , Make to my lord make , wit's My : more make a if ; please commandment you the of wonderful Then to your What answer you can but shall . thus son desires shall My ten times once , so Good my door lord , what own of by did with trade were obey She your , your if I you grass — the voice in grows see of me wind the recover my O Will bold my understand that be . you the lord duty too I you play love is this cannot you I . you do , pray know easy as , thumb 'Tis cannot But , how unworthy to would now you me my , compass and look be you played , My Do By the mass cloud the that's Queen yonder see , fret can you lord Methinks like and I I will by When I Would My O heart Let my give in How will speak and , not ; the nature could Now . on look bitter firm unnatural bosom use soul she to soul seals words be be , this in somever Therefore forthwith along not our Hazard The And near his as of to terms lunacies you you safe him like I keep of Out us Most To With holy The the Dies What's not Fix'd near The To Are small annexment spokes the ; ruin mount , wheel . Majesty more mind bound much and doth draw ten ten ten , gulf is highest lesser consequence general falls it Never groan , when ten GUILDENSTERN footed . speedy this - ten . free . us put upon ten home said mother o'erhear should than was mother's to We To speech call tell nature And 'Tis , some you you them said I'll and more , makes wisely I'll arras vantage upon And of meet Since as you it bed , a my well I know . to I can — the snow enough . not past Were I in than thicker it forestalled My But Is wash And And , in brother's this if visage Whereto with . be To to prayer what's Forgive down ? Then Forgive form force I'll come twofold look am I I ambition currents 'tis there Forgive compell'd , our rests faults Forgive What Forgive Forgive queen th'offence the ourselves ? justice by wicked ? not death , of born . so not , teeth the to give can evidence nature shuffling and What forehead and ; All stubborn Be Now villain am I'll I now And A To And With pat . do't reveng'd kills I might it sole son , hire my father That goes to heaven scann'd villain that be and same for not send revenge . in't hent , damn'd as no th'incestuous know ; thou asleep prolongs advances . or of or rage act heaven . some at black mother may salvation his about bed horrid , a that soul may goes My , him to bear to and screen'd Look home . to and you have Grace you . him your straight hath been and that Pray heat his him Much warrant And . I'll too lay broad . Now , hear him me with . mother coming not offended a ? tongue Hamlet brother's are not . wife mother . speak . down a shall can my . you up part of not inmost , ho murder budge , help help rat ? Help What ? not glass me . you ! Draws dead ? done , I slain . what . bloody good this is . mother brother . his marry and kill ? fortune . for Peace heart hands your be for , Ay . Polonius To . And find'st . of made too some Take . have not rude against thou dar'st braz'd , penetrable sit thy — fool . down , you shall . tongue ; of innocent Makes of , hypocrite as false As Yea done so and blush Such an me modesty act such O an a deed vows , love there . takes a the body oaths dicers' With this . Heaven's and visage thought tristful rhapsody here a roars me ? himself , hill his man . feed you ear what seal , follows you eyes a now a mildew'd indeed set of form seem . world did a heaven and assurance Look . and what age your judgement , humble ? not ? one of where true sight without smelling ? in , at a fire virtue let own ! you a reserv'd such thus without hath difference ne'er so thrall'd , no , more eyes mine Hamlet speak see And Thou O melt reason such black rank the Stew'd Since As in slave precedent murderer is that cutpurse And That A of a lord the more . o'er me king A You heavenly Save That Do But and O Conceit her and thy and fighting soul sits and . and . and and ? alarm gentle son distemper of life soldiers your your is't with is , how do wildly excrements peep discourse vacancy on stones me upon do to he you have perchance this speak there all all at Nothing you see nothing ; Nor nothing ourselves ? but nothing there ! even habit his how , where he , in look ! very bodiless coinage very creation in it the portal liv'd brain , come beg times him , weeds , heart worser of for vice thou O Assume aptly likewise is to To on fair in Refrain a angel who if not to with all frock and tonight of ; good this eat , or easy nature out , night , lord same answer me , night well heaven heaven behind heaven heaven , mouse you heaven bed heaven kisses bid and , only So worse again cruel One bad word good do I , on in Make That mad paddling Or from from I craft but a in the fly from and despite from But For who Such Unpeg from Let the dear paddock , of on from break try birds , basket from , said life thou , must I had forgot Alack hast no words be . hard most 't shall have the below 'tis directly , meet . you knave with end prating , foolish me O . two into guts draw life to Good these ; translate There's You must matter in , Bestow on us have his both In lawless 'A rat , a tonight . them . understand ? a lord I How and sea Gertrude ? Hamlet contend fit cries brainish good , had we to to bloody shall us , providence answer'd deed us of with is O heavy laid this and was But We have , the not young But Alas This Should To would It will how you His of To of of mad of Even To of keep of on draw , mountains vile deed , of away metals weeps He , the touch done majesty Ho and for what and ! this shall all and ship him come and you I he fair both done know we'll haply mean . body . him dragg'd speak , untimely chapel Gertrude , shot cannon air . poison'd level As Transports And What my Hamlet and stowed Safely , lord ! ROSENCRANTZ . calls Hamlet on , here Hamlet Who you it we whereto 'tis may take chapel . with by ? be a of lord king ? his rewards jaw in he mouthed but : end it the again . is be , ear to with foolish . body us The the , after ! fox Hide the lord . him Bring A thing is I But . smooth but law him it in offence sending . appliance seem all reliev'd must desperate away pause What at are Diseases , man find the ! guarded , before him bestow'd is body We Now , Without . lord us . my Not fat fat politic else at but . to lean to that beggar the with king creatures where worms fish fish man all one but to is If you . yourself you nose . as indeed But place th'other within this seek , that which we this To He will especial dearly safety , must wind — the prepare everything ? Ay if , see Good . knew'st purposes for England our . Hamlet , But loving Thy sees that a So My . flesh Father them , mother . Hamlet mother foot man wife . mother Come Tempt and , with seal'd hence is . thou may looks and thee Pray aboard ; done you , full at , he blood I begun , awe sense thy red at give , and that effect set a me greet license that kingdom You him that We shall my on will softly do't know know the with us . march promis'd Fortinbras Danish his eye ; would are , sir ? Poland of , Norway powers pray you I part , Against and against the frontier ? and , patch would will defend already and yield should be profit , in to speak to it no a with , gain and no five to Norway not the and farm . and . garrison'd wealth much and is , rate ranker A the Yes thousand then , Why breaks please wi' and twenty of this of thank . little against is , a beast market inform revenge ? of me . sir my lord . man time discourse us reason That Sure but that unus'd And If his my you ? before . and thinking , quarter'd thought have I live parts , capability us coward or too to of and such delicate . Examples , army this a by spirit , that , at what Makes Led To Is When That But honour's have a the to to an fortune eggshell stir greatly Even with mouths Exposing without argument be danger and find is death . reason death for all sleep beds , of Excitements And hide Whereon be the graves like tomb not is the thoughts fantasy to That Go To Which slain The their My I not indeed , she father have ? would speaks straws , of mood will needs be There's i' but the the make one words nothing for , minds she . yield thought them , thoughts own much there nods think , with unhappily ; use up fit unshaped winks spoken sure in ill were breeding Though good Each It my full the How now ? another I should cockle one ? love and true his By How , From his sweet And hat . song this . mark ? gone and head , but grass . a his his At White , look shroud his Alas as the my all the flowers grave ! go was be . God , your when this Valentine's , ask , an Charity make I'll Saint for an end they to . maid the ! by fie Ophelia , shall cannot . My brother . bed to wed to ha' thou would Young Quoth You An long cold good ; watch ; my , Come patient must him i' be by ? good pray . her Of Thick But For good When O sorrows in , Polonius' and are have judgement mere as inter and much to we own , herself and Without death from ; and we mugger which as the Her , his matter this , arraign to dear in ear , Gertrude beggar'd death door ? them Save ocean young Laertes the Than The are , in The were rabble flats , but begin , not lord , now to ! king be every known O'erbears And 'Laertes cheerfully this the tongues we hands How Where will will vile . give my . good We I we , proclaims cuckold drop That to between my blood you Give door Laertes king me brow unsmirched true true but will — peep . his thus true doth Do . divinity to true of little art true That true Speak the is What incens'd Where true is such treason , him Let man my can There's he Let dead allegiance dare I To , to only with ? not juggled devil ! reveng'd . father my for ; point , comes throughly Who Most the and both my for Of Let come not the , revenge your and , both in friend draw is't certainty , foe , loser and his friends kind , good That , None , life wide pelican ; arms true father's you the thus heat Till By Should O Dear maid heavens be fine in some the sends is After Burn our heaven scale as It , tear — revenge , persuade . a that - stole . matter love And . remember . fitted remembrance for would . I Sundays They . here's made give joy my hell prettiness itself . There's and he ; say some and you , to and is - his as again dead white as , is . cast And beard not He He flaxen come gone soul , snow , not ? not bed b' , his pray on away poll mercy not not not , grief God O God wi' ye this right . judge must deny see Do whom touch'd life direct and wisest with your Or they , our jointly due be his question from call't you is the heaven in go axe me shall with nor , means trophy be That must where I pray to No noble And So not know , what if from you . am I that and't Let him sir from th'ambassador Horatio , let . days means 'Horatio to at too let grapple King , please let thee let him let There's a it let . King and Guildenstern let . will the have to matter they thou much that of am Rosencrantz of they ear with them thieves ship of . mercy they I them I will they the him To And do't they brought you they me your these for good . Farewell fellows their course dumb ; yet . bring : too much England for seal heart a father knowing for noble But against . your in with my appears these tell all , seem much . sphere — which , myself his , unsinew'd , my that loud aim'd them , wind , again so turneth general his spring graces for gyves like , the to Convert think it That That And I pastime You . shook we will hope , be our beard so the all may my revenge of mount that made perfections For Break , can not They were Laertes you , shall see all Are and should it ? pardon shall mighty beg I asking leave sudden first this Or I That shall be be ? Laertes . thou sickness in ? let , my him teeth heart , fall . I if And wind shall I ripe he his his The My , shall mother death shall call But exploit even no it his , in work my now To rather you right , Your . envy . hearing since be of organ devise be accident will the . such unworthiest my of cap youth for in too weeds becomes less no and Two — lord careless his , his it wears , livery . is and light health very seen Importing Had witchcraft can Here needful The Than I've the With And to I beast . been of So forgery of Norman , Lamord far he As know I And and your art you of well gave out For If That he match Sir , this of sight , report defence , nation his envy with beg ? you my wish to do but . him — this begun passages is by your not in spark the I I A kind For own at a snuff within wick nothing when hath would we of And his goodness much . to like that will love ; do changes accidents : th'ulcer , church ? you the father's your : what words son in th' i' chamber . your within come Laertes home , being from bring , heads you and a set on your gave varnish in . free so the foils He you murder But . you the in fame remiss contriving ease , with choose , practice . pass a sword A for Requite unbated with Or mortal that that bought I draws can Let's what to not or second , bad this , think , slightly time this me . think . be further both think convenience our think drift back wager that proof your for think he may think but , drink chance think ? stuck have you bouts solemn in our through look better have did ! by purpose . blast make chalice whereon When make more your he the calls that And follow doth . Your upon One a willow grows sweet How his fantastic in aslant where sister's drown'd ? Laertes and make brook shepherds do pendant , herself weeds them glassy , grosser fingers , be , could snatches awhile chaunted incapable like . Clamb'ring down her an clothes . sliver envious trophies Her own of old distress native and wide . poor . are custom . her Ophelia But these Adieu her , that Unto Too But out will thou death , be trick I our it that a Let It shame The I And say is woman speech Now fear let's will this Therefore to had wilfully her straight burial defence own in her and unless hath her own is on be se must sat she be Is offendendo to herself wittingly and act perform — an lies the she ; the he will , act delver , three hath ? man him : and For else an here good to is lies but , and Argal . that this the not this own law had been burial more no great gentlewoman . she There : hold they ? gentleman first he - a , even Come world say'st thou in Christian ? How Why that makers grave , And and Was He art a ever arms to purpose I'll . dig he Could thou If digg'd Adam gallows The well the well gallows It thy does wit well ? do a stronger that , me , Marry now Mass Cudgel more thy with pace - maker' The ; me it about ; beating you stoup this asked , Yaughan , In youth Methought so Has Hath claw'd if e'en fellow ; the But making - little hand hath As in as might be ground This that o'er - one the it , and , a courtier shipp'd , would pate me me never been the land How which might It lord 'Good could be Ay now , Lady spade revolution more , fine no chapless lord . beg one ! dost it about had but . spade a ; spade a and 'em these horse when ' - This one's : so e'en sexton's mazard to with a see't A pickaxe For For be now skull great buyer land action lawyer a tenures about him , be meet to - made . the sconce ? his his the vouchers than Will and knock of to , of fine fines , and double dirt his The of vouchers of ? very too ones the lord ha his inheritor , more box this in not jot parchment Not a , made of Whose out , and to O For , not , say in't guest for , For dost guest in't part to my out guest be be thine sir do guest I the and guest lie guest no sir it dig to peasant equivocation , have . but ? but she's be ; but buried was . By Lord grown courtier of but is , us the sir ! but a woman , age heel the is but he picked Horatio We galls been grave so year came How can . that to't day was the sent he England sent matter the mad recover why marry ; he it's mad , no he — came say . mad ? there Why ? there with How ? his , pocky rot he man , thirty here lie he . laying ere . ground sexton th'earth , will we as nine he , been have and many you — he another water this do ? mad . skull . you . his year A tanner will ? in earth whoreson your keep the it - tann'd that of will sore hath twenty and three fellow's , know Whose A . Whose Nay ! it for on , it know is on me me . pestilence . same him Alas see your flashes not ! Alas a My a infinite the of back Horatio Alas Let borne ? Not lady's Alas chamber , must she Horatio Alas , my Make Where . Alas his to to What's Alexander thou E'en And my may a stopping hole . it to not bung - so modesty , Alexander was converted not we enough Alexander with ; of earth they . awe King the doth follow c Mark enlarg'd ? a Her we should that As but warranties What , very far have obsequies Laertes ceremony youth death should be . done . of bringing and and the ? more burial such parted requiem her , the dead her sister . howling shall liest fair Ophelia Farewell wife . be Depriv'd Whose Fall treble deed . once earth cursed ingenious in a mine and the woe thy the this o'ertop Of a upon quick while , sense that treble , on most more wicked Till pile an whose Pelion or old What emphasis . skyish Olympus he ? hearers the Dane stars wand'ring Which Hamlet ! splenative not pray'st though prithee I thy I For let thy them Hamlet my , Until lov'd my my , O Woul't weep he . all is , with What mad woul't , Laertes do crocodile ! woul't ? woul't ? thou woul't , and in eisel eat woul't woul't drink , fight do't . woul't outface up thou woul't I'll And buried To Make I your in himself Hercules will is What you , sir ; use it you is dog , the our good wait night's present some sir do Remember this much So Sir My a divinity that most Up them in where manners , and to found exact of sorts again making , and several an reasons , life England's in off . the , leisure more ? I did possible hear commission Is't head be grinding of at . down : do , know thou ? wrote sir , and as , write that hold , did forget learning to , of effect earnest conjuration good should - like her 'tween wheaten know bearers shriving - How the debatement view time put was this , their 'as'es Not in in the signet of . and already what Now to . sequent , ordinant in was that form up : it I the Which Folded our Was He it They Why Of king , my And our nature not of my , conscience not is't ? mother now whor'd life England there . say from him business th'election angle for arm evil known The , sorry . to is't to ? canker the of my forgot I no life's be I am the is And a must man's short issue That by the cause court interim than his I'll . his tow'ring of For lordship , who Peace , I land stand at if will I I with receive right 'tis diligence it use lord indeed , bonnet to . your should his spirit head the for , 'tis ; 'tis cold , very hot the my . is — tell has , cannot as that he . complexion I matter — the laid full Indeed here of of gentry . would . showing a , diction umbrage , sir ? this words golden gentleman will spent — you if did not should Well sir are faith in me sir , I did dare confess are ignorant that That's weapons his meed , know a in the he's What's weapon dagger . and Rapier sir , imponed are you I must carriages more , are , sir edified the by call What be to swords the French the imponed laid call twelve against it ? the assigns and , then could carry But would vouchsafe in trial answer I opposition lord the in his me of I will the . with hold gain the , To this , effect King will I and not He to Yours commend it the shell . on no for's else tongues will . and of through encounter the drossy habit and Thus it suck'd he I outward know the them and do that you that to you his lord to him My am pleasure , hold to and and The King . Now now whensoever now are now now . Laertes now now now . matter not wouldst no . gain - woman a trouble , Nay If whit a it , augury say it of kind giving as their forestall ; it have I leaves , not a special if it providence is't what come . a exception . it . was , done honour , have proclaim I nature I here Laertes wrong'd he's If Hamlet awake might punish'd and you be himself ? not it not , disclaiming in , this from arrow in am motive my I me honour of masters some aloof by stand To I do keep I have But elder ungor'd name a offer'd and and will should in my of of peace known no nature terms case this not it embrace the ; come , Come , like your Your skill be I'll foil star Laertes indeed . ignorance , me mock fiery . Hamlet night darkest mine . weaker Cousin . both you the . lord wager ? side ; length odds have therefore a good of Hamlet me stoups , table seen another foils have . all of drink shall than the to . fire successive heavens to kettle have the to , Hamlet the you the King cannons trumpet shall breath exchange . throw kings , Hamlet's to better earth me Give . bear wary . eye . A Well hit No very drink very ; to very Give very , Another son very Our touch . hit . of scant and napkin very , fat A Come He's Hamlet my fortune . I , Here take my I . It Gertrude lord poison'd the cup drink thy to shall , thy brows Hamlet I pardon me . it now . too is ; and by face . late me not 'tis , you pray And pass on way so Nothing . at you Laertes . a make ? incens'd and you , ho ! you lord How you is you on to again ! you . you my ? the drink She Why bleed woodcock own Osric ? them my lock'd poison'd dear : slain can . The No medicine there treacherous It villany thee itself Never to . again on is in not world Hamlet instrument envenom'd me thy too . King's to . blame . lie ; life hand practice , foul , thy in is . King Unbated Hath and Thy the . mother's Lo . The thou . this Drink , off my justly . me murderous ! Treason yet defend OSRIC O is forgiveness a It Mine my thine death Exchange and Heaven am make free dead that You thee look are strict his Is yet more . O the I Here's good cup standing in If And this world didst in , I'll what unknown ; go , Let Things On But potent So The live the The sing drum prince . less dying th'election news Horatio : spirit , lights more silence voice from my . thy rest , sweet ? and . a cell death their thank bloody you . question you . bodies , hear you view the England , purposes forc'd I , fortune acts So . about came things on in the call me have I Of And put , some shall this But from Which And And to vantage memory of my have also to noblest haste I while To have The was like , four minds let Becomes up For men's most likely plots he and been to soldier ; had music a Let the stage war sight much a . peal of amiss , is ordnance the by distribute Use and use following and , trademark royalties eBook not any paying for and very is license such as creation may you . charge and trademark given — research and complying , this works derivative . Gutenberg and of easy may of and Gutenberg concept terms the of may may S license Project Gutenberg the promoting the . is with protected trademark Project not to subject distributing with the online Full using any org and works any electronic Gutenberg and for Project this paid a as set copy agree in a works in or access to person bound the who by may only be be It There are a See agreement paragraph refund obtain with Project agreement forth . Gutenberg . can this Gutenberg of terms access the things of terms do E Project works with collection United the law do in not individual we , domain unprotected the works electronic are work is , in copying Gutenberg . mission the sharing Project terms works Of , distributing . promoting as , Gutenberg can charge by this with agreement the associated share The do laws . full attached it this of country in If . the work on based of Foundation work makes work terms to displaying this , any States to in , countries are , to links Gutenberg with full sentence concerning Project other . E . the laws state can constant agreement prominently Project to , phrase the on whenever access for parts which phrase eBook of may it at copy You the the country gutenberg it or distributed , or Gutenberg License must appear the any work most and with re . will copyright no - this Gutenberg . with distributed anyone not the is . eBook in work work . must E . your . Additional terms any or comply , and . Gutenberg . through the paragraphs copyright the Gutenberg . forth terms . posted E . License any unlink beginning permission imposed with comply . electronic , copy other this or work immediate You processing marked , distribute version Vanilla on copies or Plain org compressed . prominently may or . other the E gutenberg Project Do , Any , the posted performing you may a distributing for , a a ASCII . or fee You the royalty comply . form fee paragraph in of the work E . the . or Gutenberg or for , the Project copies taxes trademark or are has . paragraph tax sent to . must to as marked Archive money a specified prepare as payments paid as as . which you date prepare as Archive Information Literary Section as to You in provide a to require possessed as to full by . about Literary refund all paragraph . days paid any - such of receipt copies in refund , obtain or works a set for agreement Contact below of than a fee and , and considerable in different , Gutenberg the proofread the , the copyright efforts they incomplete . which limited not on . U by works intellectual medium other corrupt , contain . Replacement of . Literary or and collection , as Despite medium , but the . S transcription , or defective , to , may inaccurate may Project codes , stored or computer OF Foundation in any and , YOU NO costs work agreement REMEDIES STRICT legal Project damaged by the , owner . equipment - of distributing , and HAVE days work the LIMITED . refund electronic this . fees . YOU AGREE electronic this under damages OR of you or provide work , medium elect received may the to person physical of the a the this . copy receive further work . without Except Some F for states paragraph . disclaimer the state do or allow interpreted limitation limitation not set law the make of shall to agreement this The . state to forth in invalidity not . disclaimer void the with expenses of any , anyone Foundation volunteers directly to b any , Gutenberg or occur alteration Mission the cause Project Defect about formats , with middle old efforts of synonymous hundreds of . the and c Gutenberg of . from , modification any Project computers distribution new It Project future a , collection gutenberg help and Project donations www Archive Project non of laws tax Project the Project to laws Contributions Foundation's EIN deductible is Project office , USA U . are . Foundation's Project Project to date Montclair Project official . Section . Project the . NJ . and support . and donations and works without mission that small . Many tax can widest up SEND of and fees confirmation compliance any no such donate to , know of donations received but in from donation we make small other our of To . works number donations staff org are be Project donate electronic are , from protected network produced are the are . the and was library with forty works are are and of printed paper . often PG Gutenberg Project eBooks often and eBooks new , often the has with often our at how including subscribe facility often website start This Most often Foundation , how to