Nay You Barnardo . heart . quiet stirring had sick Get upon . Have Not a I rivals If of you them and . make , is hath Give . Barnardo , Say Barnardo O has but , sight dreaded this will And , piece Horatio Welcome appear'd take our , him of ears . down we have , 'twill not appear your our assail again to awhile night of that's westward Last Had When And Well us speak all part heaven , myself then figure , the speak where . off thee dead . that's . Horatio with . it Mark me Question the It it , now ! How ! the Without ! Of Before not Horatio and ! pale fantasy ! believe . on't than this ? eyes ? avouch true sensible the armour . thyself to when 'Tis th'ambitious Norway gone hath , strange once Such he the he sledded on , When In But , nightly such toils same and eruption me most cast of of the ; know not that . my he : task sore sweaty haste , day us That the Thereto , joint can inform ? me , but can last Fortinbras so appear'd emulate world who know on of a known law seal'd pride esteem'd our valiant to of Norway I is't Who the whisper At Was Did Did For Was the our inheritance the by King of And he Well slay Which gaged vanquisher carriage , forfeit Had But to a mettle Norway , lawless strong foresaid , no some , diet stomach a it And by terms That As his Is source So Of may Well That I was think Comes the A A The In Did As And I'll , But cross And thou it If For which they , 'Tis We To it offer it our is vain wrong to then it cock . mockery violence , invulnerable majestical when , of show , For was about , his that , cock The Doth Whether in So hallow'd No So But are wholesome , no ever the that of crowing 'gainst dawning that singeth , spirit no then , say takes they and morn watch Let Where shall I pray conveniently this I and , him find and Attendant dear brother's that and and , of woe with one brow fought think . him , befitted ; nature defeated , state eye , joy our queen , herein barr'd dole freely gone marriage Fortinbras worth , our frame brother's . lands advantage , our young all know dear thanks , with and late our be the , and most his disjoint weak follows hath Who Of gait herein bed - purpose that all ; rid is for valiant with So bonds of out message him , Norway personal and full subject , and to power scope Voltemand you Cornelius , and impotent , Norway To much ourself for young in : and lists this nephew's His You To For Farewell that In , Giving business good greeting these CORNELIUS , haste more further no you to Of , what's , and all : reason wouldst have Laertes And You We nothing offer the . What to thou not heart , Laertes with news Dane , asking , to I duty wishes bend my From you must Dread to willingly your , in favour lord coronation duty leave leave thoughts bow them Upon and though whence lord laboursome beseech hour you hath Have My Yet And and to gracious wrung me at be time ; my — hard ! thy at from him ; I it kin on you ? eye Hamlet , let I fair best cousin graces that not Thou , cast thy like ever look lord Do 'tis for , now . is my Good common seems Why Passing be ; Nay ! noble , it it , not Nor customary Ay through No Nor , windy nor haviour eye , mother not seems ? Nor with can are truly , denote Together 'Tis suspiration fruitful the , alone I , play woe , your these sweet all dejected forms my inky cloak That the visage grief , seem heaven unmanly 'Tis condolement his , a , know what To To lost , obligation sorrow . for some term persevere , common as is and thing in ? heart Why it death the , To should incorrect a opposition unschool'd grief note world the let , We dead For and most we a whose fault , bend retrograde to dearest in to you of and , and comfort her us ; cheer in courtier beseech is I And pray Let going most the It chiefest a 'tis lose in thy , This in gentle my best , Hamlet ; Denmark I Our Why heart speaking thunder to jocund No smiling Be my thee I King's the the - His canon But Thaw too flesh dew and world . uses the flat ! not this ! two , nay That things it 'tis that fie all , this had slaughter resolve self weary that to on't her Hyperion Visit I remember ? Must So That months excellent a he it not As if too name body , those ere ; she tears , or and yet , father's . discourse , even wants — brother mourn'd father's I , fed , poor of married she with that A longer , like galled her wicked married left the , speed unrighteous , My for cannot come , to sheets eyes post , my incestuous , is With to . Within more , lord see to to O . dexterity most hold ! must lordship your . I Horatio I , am what And Sir I'll very glad I am But what affair Elsinore ? depart own ; from not shall see you no , say that your enemy good lord . wedding fellow to not I came prithee think my , Horatio , see follow'd hard in truant student bak'd tables in father my , the forth had methinks that — had seen dearest funeral heaven father's , coldly met it , Indeed lord my my I , not take ; a mind's . goodly furnish ever I foe day all saw look think I , lord shall my Where , man Saw In him his King father while I deliver ! of till you to witness the attent your admiration for these , ear your ? Who a marvel nights had , watch gentlemen hear Upon let Two his For and them and length , exactly Barnardo and them before encounter'd the . with to of fear This , watch to , eyes , night father , did impart third the word each whilst him deliver'd not are where more your , and time we watch ? methought address once true good , loud away speak . true , duty crew and yet , motion to sirs let To We and , it my strange , we As My toe ? you lord you Indeed From , you , not . BARNARDO . say , Arm'd saw sorrow Nay countenance , than in anger ? upon Most I It like would like . in silver'd tonight . have beard It watch will A . again Perchance I assume be whatsoever tenable Give And I'll in father's hell though itself in person , should in sight tonight no , honour you mine some in Till in in in the in Your foul still sit , in Our father's all then My the Though But assistant that ? favour . more suppliance of a trifling in toy sweet a more , the a it For in not violet and nature bulk . soil ; The and he his his Perhaps the mind you , to is you now depends own fear not do soul and loves as but subject on to loves besmirch must unvalu'd of choice so particular which Denmark may your saying is no sustain , withal sister , or or , or . youth fear or . in safety best or itself wary Youth Too or And in the morn their the galls before and or lies this . of Be I or to shall to the me As Whilst watchman as my a not like the And Show , O recks long stay I A Yet Occasion , here too double blessing And stay'd sits Aboard fear upon a second aboard ? for of thy by thy not do Be Nor familiar hast adoption . you , shoulder There . precepts thought thoughts my , are you And Those Grapple Of thou friends But them but thy habit man to new entrance Bear't every each proclaims chief husbandry and generous as , thine dulls loses purse few thy ; own season : canst must my then follow to not it be my this to my your the nor edge a lender of both best night , man . lord . be . the thee servants , What the take I go and lock'd keep . tend of it you to Hamlet . oft free 'tis caution — time please private Marry something bethought hath he said well Ophelia is't , you What you you touching : of yourself , you . you me tell must — up made . you You such you you ! of so clearly you . you you baby , perilous daughter understand late speak green them ? for yourself wind the speak tenders Tender pay speak what speak , my ; think these of tender ta'en know speak Unsifted believe speak do not , speak speak . importun'd call countenance hath And Ay Marry I'll you you'll the true , I burns catch the all almost When , given , Ay your Set heat , how blazes it : prodigal heaven time both ; making is extinct . to springes With Lends You must not take maiden this in a presence a at as , From he may In of and pious unholy investments show few they , time this for is This . which vows a in him your , parley with be his . Believe not Not of ; like plain slander talk you ; ways Hamlet ; Breathing But lord ; is , my ; I I ; in terms any beguile to , not would As Look I No it it Indeed I heard and hour lacks wont , and tonight mean held draws is It this King drum his and draughts he The ? wassail kettle as And The Keeps - triumph of upspring Rhenish trumpet What Is marry the The And my honour'd This us drains his other nations phrase takes : here custom though than observance west and native is't born the it breach is custom not origin , some and wherein mole in them nature of particular men too — complexion of drunkards - headed tax'd and marrow chances attribute swinish and of they his that one men , reason corruption of , evil ! own his To all particular The . of lord it grace from airs and , doubt us goblin or of spirit thou King Let me father , canoniz'd thy Why cast thee Hath , up we not such . in this steel , me , inurn'd What in cerements and again glimpses and of , shake our the moon mean hearsed ignorance but sepulchre marble may , in corse dead night thoughts horridly thus thou To to we ! the go to it if As What should we ? it . that as immortal itself pin's fear lord my , thing . what soul life at the ; no . ground . will be , form cliff fee do a should can to ? it . lord my other horrible of reason sea . thee . sea , beneath roar it hears And your your your away Go , that lets me . gentlemen your . your your . not fate And your Have . To your call'd I ! a of . Let's Something Heaven direct him When Must poor render sulph'rous Mark Pity for I a for And the foul crimes done to my that - in confin'd tell burnt harrow two eyes my father's away whose unfold ; like a secrets soul thy tale I the up To thy could each and the particular start freeze combined fretful stars hair list , be . porpentine on , murder . love as ; the revenge of ; apt Lethe wharf than fat Hamlet , weed hear , Denmark of , youth death life ! crown thy soul . father's adulterate beast , queen . gifts lust dignity the that there vow of were poor even gifts ; with to never decline was and it will be , heaven ; link'd angel of ; bed , air orchard stole uncle afternoon , ears in pour effect a did whose my man ; body , posset , mine crust loathsome . bark'd , hand about , dispatch'd ; be it , Denmark horrible not . incest , soul act contrive heaven ! lodge , once , me Hold my old ! What ! instant ! thee else ! heart ! seat a ! past ! all , live shall ; all ! heaven pressures brain all my by , all there villain all all down . all ! villain ! word ; all ' me . to my lord . lord ! it ! lord lord , lord O my , my Nor Not , my then , No you'll reveal , heart would But Ay There's no To There Why right so it is Look every that , your you man business more , a an dwelling he's But ghost my you ; go own and shall hands all the from , part at circumstance shake hath and right pray they sorry I'm but offence vision there lord here you , let this is my . Horatio , And that Touching may . What As you O'ermaster't , Yes For is but , request HORATIO what , Give is't you your Never known My Nor my , not faith , we swear't but my , my sword indeed . the upon to fellow Come , Cries , have on , Swear Propose oath this my sword . have lord my . sword you the speak . Then your Swear of to Never , by that so good i' Once , Beneath ! pioner old , And speak this that you shift we'll ? ubique et , and night ! Well , Than are There said , Here And Canst and philosophy . welcome , friends th'earth How strange of dreamt are you by arms To at day , a but in never soe'er hereafter shall you meet — never shake we if and , to note to shall , they and head I disposition perchance or , before as seeing thus ambiguous Or 'Well pronouncing , aught grace put , such With we 'If we to So you That rest so his lack . and man is you help you , born joint to gentlemen , O , pray in together I go Before him sir , him and knowledge will know his friends , Reynaldo . lord this his come of and Paris you , and Look , where more . on there say and , very him wild , mark , usual so rank well slips , far . quaintly ; blood . you But , here's , should Ay , lord I would . a Marry my Wherefore this a is it little seen ; or 'gentleman' to so in , Mark a in party As sir Having you converse him , the , consequence crimes Where , then He , At 'friend , the say I something was 'closes or about At 'closes mass with or , as gentleman the such ; and o'ertook . consequence to , was lord this he does to , There then saw you thus yesterday At He : Or : a he gaming : consequence' : Your 'I brothel do And : Shall : him out , windlasses indirections my You have I , and : well . you b' my Videlicet By wisdom of . assays and wi' My So find , fare lord yourself in , I Well , him let ply his . the doublet his to stockings all in God so been the was his his with of I have in , lord Ophelia I With now How my upon and down - gyved his No Mad had shirt sewing knees horrors not he if as Hamlet My Ungart'red with been , to his with Then he falls thus draw would took perusal all me . it so arm up all , hard fear , his he held of his my stay'd Long thus so shatter , and profound bulk help eyes . arm mine and piteous . hand other to goes . little to his his . he , lets down . done went he I love , me . shoulder go you but any under . sorry late of , command trifle judgement ! but jealousy , might , you move provoke heard did Rosencrantz To be grief to discretion As must hide . Come , hate than to . to Guildenstern see and , him that , nor so Something long did him , humour afflicts to himself thus it nor th'exterior What , you you occasion will and gentry time your show am , aught Whether So occasion you To That Good And occasion draw occasion , hath . with If men it him glean , occasion thanks . us occasion , you into occasion entreaty your Put , occasion king's king's expend supply shall profit us our have king's , hope majesties sovereign dread And king's To We to Than Thanks king's To , feet king's . king's Hamlet instantly and king's . commanded obey pleasures both be our bent and you . gentle Rosencrantz visit of is our Guildenstern too , lord , of return'd Thou hold I Have hast , my gracious my the to still lord my I joyfully Are do As I . liege , to as Assure ? duty my I The my , Both And it speak Thyself grace be cause of admittance to to bring . in found . distemper , great feast he hath Norway ! shall Welcome , levies sent out Polack him 'gainst which of return our Upon Say His be better It , father's death our and friends . fine , sends , he greetings ? suppress found impotence in brief and hand Highness your , But On Makes give Whereon him Norway commission , his overcome Polack : more , to of before borne Was To sickness into he Norway ; out fee annual , soldiers , never your in pass to set this you your , the with joy those give , we'll , please such On down are ; business we'll well this labour . flourishes of , Go to we thank . took for your feast welcome , at well be , and duty soul night night what to majesty day to is and that less art . no I true I swear mad pity let us Mad Madam And But Or More but . Your son is mad . figure foolish will use with to matter I , 'tis is he Thus have in me duty and defective whilst , is shall ; idol — of this defect to hear 'beautified' , a most and mark , vile — vile phrase beautified . move are stars , Doubt Doubt the sun doth have best numbers I a fire . it to , I machine , liar . these lady whilst this is Adieu reckon to art believe hath , his thee am I I dear madam Good This Thine Ophelia at O my obedience And in more by As What a I time to think faithful must hot it of given you and what here queen your told I or desk the Majesty daughter this a , heart play'd this me with love round - work , winking think is had given might look'd tell wing you that you , of I from , messengers no That not Or 'Lord must mistress upon No prince young ? took she , Or What This to a Into It been Hath may Do Fell — thence into this a , wail declension this , And a there be , I'd that though the , Within , know otherwise fain have I it Not this lead circumstances is truth be I me from hid may it try lobby walks hours my behind If he in loose loose loose At time I'll loose a Mark loose loose loose But board loose Away do the Excellent How where as true ten very of For if sun be breed That's Have goes , a good a a . a my lord , a look is Friend Still a I . Aside youth . a , words a this a a Between matter , the Words I said him truly not How first in he again speak . beards , my here their wrinkled All ; their faces the satirical not which . hams and that old have matter that sir plentiful if ? lord , of as , though it most of wit you crab — and sometimes which will my of will him more my except that anything life from my I suddenly You sanity You tedious there sir . life willingly . he . is . save God My Polonius ? Ah , strumpet a . is . honest she . me the hands question we news most , O ? Then goodly Denmark there one the a Then in which being think We it so . so lord a too your a myself and count , that not 'tis ; one it in makes ambition thinking makes to there it either . have a of but so airy the is of a and bodies but shadows indeed bounded , I shadow for ambition are . monarchs our th' ROSENCRANTZ We'll you I honest sort man an not you beaten wait ; my for attended I other by , heroes I my fay servants you thank Elsinore But . you GUILDENSTERN and am thanks it come , inclining thanks you my my your even , no . Come there craft . is have sent have not the your a nay Were ? sent not sent sent for ? and . me teach , and by of let me , my and the obligation of were ? whether dear by our you If for anticipation have , hold . discovery I , all custom this ; promontory my o'erhanging congregation pestilent sterile . it prevent feather moult mirth my Queen it , me , in in of this firmament most goodly , but wherefore tell ; and your , and , air is express and so what admirable , neither this , is you . other thing to how to say delights 'Man service to coming receive then delight are , be king the the knight the shall humorous make blank tickle part verse are or not shall lord laugh , was you from I . of plays me shall the and the for't were you He shall man his — target th' . and halt o' , freely her shall lady How it to travel think Even those hold the chances , grow pace they How are , comes tyrannically so . These for't and call - quills , cry wonted they maintains are little eyases grow they ; but there sir , is of on are can ? they as them it wrong do ? nation cuffs to their How for themselves 'em sing to own a ; both their are means quality afraid of children are the they should no are Will they no money and — the common . against , away King of is , his and of . for this in something at they , my carry ; is , mouths hundred a there fifty would Ay , lord are is not that while ducats very There him it natural his lived Denmark , picture give if could 'Sblood Elsinore , me , hands Elsinore Your the appear from north this Elsinore , uncle more extent to like and players the Elsinore Elsinore my Elsinore my - Elsinore , and you see Elsinore Well is Elsinore , baby you second not Guildenstern the time Happily . wind is , I clouts That old . swaddling a — you to Monday me a yet there ; come have prophesy will lord , I sir he comes actor The actor actor actor actor each actor in - actor judge 'One actor a thou daughter Jephthah more lord ? by pious first The the of , friends Com'st . welcome show comes . more it like you abridgement beard your to , masters my . By'r . welcome quality We'll speak once the above not thee me , to in digested I well judgements . general of remember savoury and matter affectation loved , by very , chiefly , he at , begin , where memory , It is , Black When Hath of blood That Bak'd a fathers is now lay dread the complexion horse Pyrrhus hellish , fire good and discretion sword , with ear declining stick hideous with blow this father Th'unnerved But short at with good accent antique where Unequal drives to to was , painted his will matter . sword , the neutral a Priam Pyrrhus' Then wind feel base , and head storm rack , anon , speechless death region forg'd , Aroused bold armour the winds less Now than Cyclops' often a i' th'air still below , and her power , the and , strumpet on sets vengeance The rend the Mars's On Out , the general round all And jig It bowl the beard ? down . diadem bisson With Run About up That's blanket barefoot 'The good robe A caught threat'ning is A A — limbs that her make with the gods in A A lank had the A seen themselves did see husband's she at of A A heaven all the milch clamour A made gods , tears — steep'd . hear bad were abstracts bestowed ? than live have thee the for used well well ; death are see I'll you turn'd they report use much Use will better his not has no , bodikin less Follow , whipping should thou I them merit Come the lord My them bounty Take desert own every after better . is need a a you ? and study . lord , you not I for in't , some of speech leave not you . Follow insert . mock look , and friends lord Now I alone . slave this a visage own conceit all whole , that that wi' to welcome that ; aspect that his to , and I am of dream that ye peasant . that rogue that it Is not fiction his from force soul that his her in broken to have the the he cleave mad Confound That that What's voice ? the drown appal horrid to And distraction and all and him He guilty and - for and of my and life . amaze the with ; and king ? across and breaks . dear ? a , and throat and it i' my , ears and free , and ignorant very To I to nose and Am most , eyes muddy property whose made , blows it the : lie pate my lungs - pigeon am make should I Plucks by Ha Who as ass this slave's what , That , the off it and bawdy , region kindless , Bloody vengeance , the And A About ! a fall I That by the brain Fie , Prompted murder For scullion of no I'll his my have I by of son , guilty Have They have pleasing , The If murder devil him is he As I know my that devil my Out Play most I'll observe grounds spirits , King with weakness spirit I but , of such , shape May like quick . the uncle mine I'll tent T'assume to . I'll perhaps melancholy play's days of quiet lunacy himself he dangerous puts of no by feels turbulent With Wherein And Get him Nor But cause so his . aloof some , demands disposition you a But Niggard of much , but ? on madness with Of receive Did like with on the hear I did seem to play before have the , court already him about are They fell Madam as of think , We so raught there And With Good drive his . delights further inclin'd and him my so entreat true to content us hither 'twere as have he , accident too leave by . may , behav'd judge is his of , that , shall closely for . lawful espials , seeing . Ophelia ourselves him of Her and Affront , I wish it so Gracious , his him bring his Your show walk you Will Hamlet's That your his be shall honours exercise are prov'd 'Tis his too much loneliness — here his , bestow That of And to his Read may , action Aside doth his art that plastering ! 'tis himself his . this book you please . oft To colour this on blame with We . ourselves an to in ! heavy my the thing ! withdraw , painted most burden O deed to in to give . beautied The Is hear coming to O . mind outrageous ? we to , question suffer fortune — say . consummation to , 'tis the a a To sleep die — wish'd be to that coil may shocks sleep the , is troubles end arrows take opposing more To For , in Devoutly That No sleep pause shuffled sleep heir ache ; end them is by , flesh That wrong of office unworthy quietus life , sleep delay make Who and bodkin insolence The That that The he ? dread bear that No traveller returns to thus Thus Than And conscience pale of of , of sicklied And makes grunt And To bare sweat would country rather But Is of my of Nymph Ophelia their great Good honour fair action thy you awry , orisons yours of , this humbly have lord I Be the well well day remember'd my , long not longed I have , I honour'd the these when you for for lord Are , for to sweet for , right noble unkind ? fair means for if wax ! you for My my poor Take for for Could Ay for , ha Ha , what This for , to . bawd , be , should than the from honesty , old gives so , not you believe . so I , our , breeder a deceived ; you did sometime was ; likeness into it a proof Indeed You should stock have it a ambitious them arrant What put We thoughts thee to myself it revengeful to that them honest Why I yet but ; my were indifferent , better with mother , should knaves nunnery . in are Let in fellows none ? sweet this enough farewell pure as , ice dost marry fool to as wise O the doors Or . heavenly a chaste If shut upon , house and own , quickly ! Farewell you amble you , your you . Be thou marry given wantonness mad I , already me him . your and , know , well : go , a have , The Th'expectancy , noble on't . a what , glass The fashion and , more O , observers of shall rest Th'observ'd noble see of Those no ; courtier's And That I suck'd all his tune of woe O . ecstasy seen jangled form what see way is honey ladies rose quite form , tongue fair eye , vows music quite down of , me not in , the on something form a soul , England his blown sits , demand and of he quick which prevent tribute different speed to disclose , him puts matter : down the Haply set not O'er I like Was And Will I be danger in the have our still From It Sprung You We This his of all need from hold let . all show heard And I'll The do well love tell , grief it My lord , do you the , be you so all alone she or ; conference send plac'd wisdom best go so be It shall confine find , him ear , him him him entreat her If shall must in , think with , not had to ; as , it pray I . use but may it smoothness - the periwig give , the your hand town . speech if beget soul very rags , are have Herod Pray you for Termagant , who and It . avoid your your . o'erdoing your but fellow capable split action both for . special nature shows groundlings this anything very , age or , the , one laugh Now , whose own O and it his feature scorn to , form make theatre , not your but mirror ; to at end of , hold not word tame neither the word the in Christians and made had so abominably and not made us . clowns , bellowed players . which the of others praise imitated that . let those men . of having man journeymen . for meantime That's altogether considered . the set than of pagan , and heard nor reform'd that there and . now uses to , laugh some well we reform O villainous fool Will to you advancement That and To Nay clothe no For feed Hath one ta'en with judgement a Give blessed those , nothing suffers rewards mingled , of him man finger - co Fortune's wear will well for and . death . father's thy speech occulted guilt foul have one see'st of is I One Which I Even Observe uncle told when the very seen ; face his to him are we in that of will eyes stithy my And mine is not a aught detecting I will , Well steal he And the . must idle playing is . be pay this whilst you . Rosencrantz ; faith march coming cousin i' crammed this What you did did , did kill ready brute enact part lord my ; dear here's more by upon , you ? mark . lap ! ho lord my head upon lord my , my Lady No I I think nothing , lord my thought a merry to fair You my , is Who I , my within's suit year a suffer , O he for ? Then two . have , then ago the 'tis ! memory man's heavens die must a two build - hobby the he hobby and horse a very and , kneels seeing his head makes asleep , crown , returns him Poisoner lament the this imports miching keep cannot players the mallecho in ; what means this , my lord ? they'll , not argument counsel to patiently that they tell all . show ashamed . play . naught you'll show him you , hath times thirty a For salt dozen and wash moons and most moon done . late , must former your , and twelve sacred thirties , know . extremity my , love , proof , is the great fear grows haply in , in holds , it or and lord Yet from hath littlest thee their For For love great leave love must operant thou , My And In confound second live husband the me . breast shalt speak you tree validity poor but kisses I time second what I base instances thrift oft second A now , Purpose do you believe But Most ourselves The revels enactures most with doth , on , of The pay ourselves ending violence not joy grieves aye nor grief 'tis debt passion to they , sticks unripe unshaken 'tis that we we fruit propose . most prove love flies . slender ; with else , favourite try a tend fortune enemies fortune shall love fortune down poor even our , not accident lament ; strange our , you makes enemy none second still . contrary lack never advanc'd man us yet seasons hollow want hitherto love And great Whether And who not , a to devices our wills Our So But hence face and strife destroy joy , lasting , a and opposite food Meet Both once I me pursue food heaven light , and ends food of our , food scope of well that I food If To If food dull The 'Tis Each To anchor's cheer in food be . would food me sleep it ever . awhile beguile much deeply sworn . brain mischance Sleep , lady O but too , her . image of a th' the his o' offence that Let : world not . wife offence i' . is . the is . do , poison What but Marry The murder majesty I shall see anon ; that wince good dallying keen my love . lord what . touches are it to , our unwrung the see could agreeing , groaning you damnable . no , the to edge are off for fit drugs else of magic life mixture Hecate's Thy , Thoughts faces black He extant him and written i' , murderer for's very gets On the King . anon collected seeing and midnight weeds , immediately thrice creature and usurp dire property blasted thrice , The how th'garden What rises in estate . fire lord play light me Lights lights , lights . wife of ? the Give , weep , sleep must some roses , Damon and very rhymed reigns dismantled realm dost Half O was , take the well the talk , of ? recorders , perdie the , comedy him the you . word some , belike the well note poisoning Come the not sir , a me a with ? marvellous whole whole . whole choler . whole whole whole distempered would whole purgation . whole more his with plunge not and , frame into , tame sir discourse most in am great to are You this courtesy wholesome pardon your not if ; my to you , commandment , welcome of I sir say her : can make a and business ? you you ? admiration of so can at My by , did once , these trade times ten she were speak And my Good , upon so door We shall I what lord still is your lack when that , lack see recorders recover . the lack my lack to O do lack , duty as if , bold lack Will understand , well lack . I lack , one the while but grass . To would play my — withdraw with you into toil a me drive love this pipe . you . upon lord know music eloquent But touch lying it now cannot me , mystery ; as no I do it with to command govern of : seem unworthy , I . will think I . stops have would you you harmony not you top out would make note to the You ! pluck of me am excellent this the camel speak it mass yonder the a you cannot speak speak Methinks backed like a . a speak ? whale . a is speak whale speak a speak indeed of in shape . weasel speak and the is by me fool weasel to and . by and easily the now by , hot night of itself as ; firm unnatural to be of do Nero cruel , and now my the let . be in this and her this shent ; and bosom words speak she be hypocrites none to I business and Now and time day not : witching and thy out breathes and . with and prepare you , consent . and , safe . shall with Therefore not lunacies Out of to your madness seals never estate as his near commission us doth may dispatch us many and stands you endure bodies Majesty bound but depend cease gulf a it ruin , King the the but summit ; small and it it . whose upon alone on To Attends the spokes of . thousand ten lives of many with from weal The like doth rest groan consequence mount the Fix'd What's near , haste fetters sigh Each boist'rous annexment adjoin'd huge when falls footed put to and lord My the you process will us fear ; voyage this myself tax him , mother a should , know I you partial arras the as hear To Behind said some you , my . going , more them Fare you upon makes audience Since call vantage o'erhear , ere And O , My brother's hath offence what . you tell of Thanks dear my , go lord It stronger And Though inclination the , guilt where but prayer in what's To Or To be pardon'd My And it to wash Is . confront snow down past forestalled ? But Forgive me my look mercy , hand cursed brother's ? offence , O this am I , and since ; for own pardon'd , nature seen hand shove of mine be corrupted queen , there and What . can . of ourselves it can ? rests ; lies compell'd one repentance the his There Try give what can ! struggling black What when O to be babe strings as cannot bosom , angels . born , soul To , more Art All Help as may Bow stubborn O what engag'd Be Yet And I reveng'd . it sinews knees limed I soft To heaven sole son do would be praying that , of of him in . so I all A his O took our his take , father broad stands And is , am of his for purging and . in and him his He Up how ; pleasure ; heels as salvation is is in gaming him physic that , he , he asleep know and sword kick some mother thy prolongs rises my never and advances . relish may his has swearing may damn'd sickly My to . lay broad me I'll . and straight come him Words without you been Look you stood here to hath heat , thou , what's much offended ? father mother thy . offended father I'll warrant hear coming idle tongue ? with you hast . how , you Have the me not rood forgot you by You Come , Go , were the your those to down you the till , Nay What Come How now , Thou see may wilt Behind Nay O know not done thou am ! I , O what , me Almost with , deed King , good bad my better thy wretched find'st took Leave If of custom against it stuff ! thy some penetrable braz'd the noise done bulwark so fool fortune danger I shall down , you sit Peace . so , heart proof and have , tongue not sense hypocrite of an blush of love rose modesty off act an takes thy , mass compound O such , there contraction face doth , doom sweet and innocent and body forehead and a and was presentment me what , this . and of , this and , and brow himself and hill , Jove command and Mercury , kissing - indeed husband your on hey And from this day - could call not , such in To Here his husband brother fair Ha leave mountain Sense would was some reserv'd to for . sans part or but hath feeling sickly without Eyes serve upon the for ! it's what sure not that but : this madness difference you thou If not without hands canst Could quantity feeling , cozen'd a ecstacy hell virtue fire , bones thy sense all ? shame matron's let mutine Rebellious her Since And shame ! at hoodman smelling - very and their eyes turn'st there As O the compulsive as doth more no . in flaming And but and sty ; ears soul my speak to an honeying no me ; the of tithe , more . bed mine , in the his pocket empire the cutpurse that of shelf put it the and . kings precious part , mad he's What o'er diadem hover A of and more shreds patches me — blunted This ! of time , your important Do weakest Conceit step thy in you not in amazement between . thy her strongest bodies mother soul . works Hamlet on her almost say O whet not look But but , Speak it the bend spirits like up Start Forth as your is ? vacancy peep alarm life Whereon and eyes your do wildly excrements , glares pale , flame . the discourse son gentle of O distemper , thy and look to upon , me do for perchance ; do speak tears colour whom have . preaching how ? stones not — conjoin'd patience cool Look Will stern effects . him on Do capable them Lest . what action Do you true want with piteous this you ? I Then To Look look nothing but ourselves that ? brain now all ; yet is coinage how . away ! It . cunning Is My . will as makes pulse me is keep . ecstasy your ! liv'd of And music utter'd have the not your very yours film but Infects Whilst will and Mother And I healthful Bring I from corruption past not them Repent do It For curb rank unseen Confess must . the compost on the within place grace , bed him , not doth uncle's . gives the have , in is , go purer the away virtue aptly For habits to is on . devil kind next stamp the The of and , fair , good this yet actions other be it heaven you with I I I To their . be gave will Thus The potency you do I'll word more , good remains again will answer good kind to be worse do . bid , so , with and , and this and minister to you pair your And mad craft essentially good his you that : mouse , his , him , a , you , hide concernings , basket from fair bat so gib wise , kisses damn'd out , do bed know ? basket top creep . down house's and do the be no life of neck own and on fly your secrecy ? know that And breath words No Unpeg the , ape , words famous like in must seal'd words bear I assur'd Alack 'Tis words , mandate They words of life hast you , will For with words There's words I forgot : trust had to words England concluded adders the shall work schoolfellows , packing . meet most it their mines ; fang'd have to yard O crafts me into night man secret knave you . 't the , and neighbour , toward an guts shall set Indeed . directly one moon , most was sir When most foolish with to life , draw mother prating end . in place lord , How , when . understand ? what fit 'tis your son ! ' These . What Mad good this my is the Gertrude cries brainish old . all threats had mightier have does Hamlet lawless there we deed heavy with full of in hearing something us to , us of answer'd everyone apprehension 'A rat good rapier arras . And out Whips It how laid divulging , let disease , gone ? owner understand But is , It This have not a the it of metals feed . some kill'd love much of and , out ore vile skill this , Guildenstern , shall , Gertrude O sun countenance both Friends O'er draw a weeps hence some fair bring haste and the And Come let know in the , to our diameter we so , done o'er untimely pray pray And pray And pray pray As pray what's Whose them pray Gertrude pray Within . and ! O here ! come they . kin whereto Hamlet stowed chapel take it thence 'tis we believe the bear What you dust what it to , should be made , a keep sponge a ; countenance , not Do of , like But such an that , you sleeps my you have corner service , rewards first with . to The the . is King the King am squeezing soaks you his the up when , swallowed officers ape : you , them tell Bring . nothing lord I is you , us , is , to him man law ! body seek sent Who Yet we put that dangerous I He's not so in lov'd never And away but , even seem grown . Or desperate appliance where is must and goes is smooth must , and ; pleasure where guarded lord my , he Not at eats where us , and . your for maggots two the service A worm fat lean else politic We . is but That's , of end convocation for — only dishes . hath dost that thou that worm Alas fed of may beggar this go king you to may . through eat stairs guts progress by him Go lobby see heaven In . him He , you safety . go up you find the not there him , come as him nose For that will To , some and For For and everything Good Hamlet , and we thine Therefore , we this deed and Hamlet and sees come thou if and a see and and and My But man . foot him So , not , Away and mother flesh so man and wife England is one thy and may thou have . Come — sense haste ; effect which thou , cicatrice you red ; full mayst to Hamlet to After Since , for everything is Pray looks imports it he thy us process sovereign Pays The By like in joys were death my me hectic of letters , the , Captain him Craves his his aught know You Majesty would our his eye so rendezvous in promis'd . the lord with a by kingdom And let shall from , conveyance We If . his that , of whose I do't Go will . my on ? these are . powers pray I Norway , it part speak commands to old Norway and a , it profit but patch with I would or Norway farm ground ? of main Or Truly Why , five hath in , should to the . it ducats straw , lord my go , sir ? little a and you breaks Will I and shows thank wi' dies . please How I'll chief feed market beast ? inward That man all my and us made do before Go good dull occasions revenge his sleep . a , you of large discourse , scruple but . or , capability and spur to Sure Be which ever have Sith A thought I cause do't Witness to quarter'd , whether part means , do not one th'event be unsure and invisible divine delicate and hath craven I on wisdom earth as gross of with tender charge the , me , and danger straw stain'd blood stand the then I great father a let of to the death The the Whose , the death be great , a the mother while , sleep of the to an is the the , the thoughts greatly to twenty beds cannot or from enough , fight and try like not ? nothing worth her speak not tomb . pitied indeed , distract be ? nothing move doth it Her speaks speech . at much there would And the words half but her 'Twere she were - she unhappily . strew may with ill , yet , Let . in as sure in prologue my Each To toy seems good Indeed Though sick Alas , sweet , you Say He head a and gone stone turf gone and a green grass — you shroud look , Larded to the , the mark as here With Which upon father but this this be daughter . they your , table at you God Lord . when , maid on't . that departed more I'll shame . to't an me sun , thus patient your you . How hope to ladies ; father's , sorrows When , this her come from his But Next your battalions , own and , For In hugger remove ; and First in unwholesome just . he Poor . greenly Ophelia mere from death beggar'd in infect ear come to of in is speeches necessity wants pestilent Wherein And Feeds the , our our our our our our our our And your as , cry , The Antiquity , ratifiers , the offices Save not young Eats , The , O'erbears , O How hands 'Laertes this , I I thank you Cries That Calmly of drop blood Even that's my between the father mother true — person , Gertrude Laertes — my But To Let my And Most come the damnation dare worlds Of , To And a guiltless sensibly in to to level am As ! eye sweet a beam the , Burn , it thing is out up noise eye ! many his Hey They It Should heavens maid scale heaven our Dear kind some After , grave him nonny , a master's stole steward and , nonny . ' more , down - non rain'd ! and for becomes thou thy wits , move thus . down - I . daisy a of . may difference a pansies remembrance love , must some made hell you is that's , for thoughts fitted wither'd call . grace o' would They itself , wi' . mercy ha' souls , He Or all cast I you And Christian And of they shall by touch'd deny hear direct to To lend due life and so obscure burial bones , to , hand give call earth o'er from , as me with me axe his is So must I That th'offence you And What speak would they Lord , are they say . from . thee bound from comes shall , th'ambassador , as and't Horatio greeted know bless him for have pirate sail let England overlooked letters warlike a . the for letter your name were am They , to dealt compelled Ere have . King fellows valour , Finding old means that I when the at , to know it is . these we . did death . I have too thine tell to matter King boarded They very them became I , sea a slow I so the alone much . with thine of and knowest for you to speak to for of they . their they fly yet dumb the fellows thou what have are their letters as thee that you my him speedier put heard , thou I will way these your letters , brought friend , slain else up nature things wisdom . father . and crimeful Which your As yet , mainly were So by You special , unsinew'd — his in and strong are his my not could My plague ; and The I but , to looks . The Queen mother in capital stirr'd perhaps general faults his by star a to Why I Lives by me for , his soul reasons two you myself , gender not , revenge into I I to that all , Is Break For . be You for that so of , stuff . mount praises driven have have And Would reverted mount father terms back the age , mount , dull mount more to my from ? mount Queen What we our pastime mount , your to Letters mount And that , it That beard will to ? not ? now How Sailors , They From him this the your on . of my When eyes . see I them . us , by brought . more and your should Hamlet's it shall and you leave . kingdom Reads shall , shall I return , kingly rest to the occasions . Know strange ? back come the abuse some mean What this ? Are all no ? hand you , character ' , ' let — teeth him , so him But , heart , diest the shall so how should so so you so As thine so To I shall so but fall , device no it you death his even Under no To which lord My no an more exploit the ripe not shall no undertake it , will ; rul'd no much of . devise the your hearing falls no I mother no his The no rather I in not and pluck that , a my regard no ? could might since envy siege lord less , of from such you talk'd together they Wherein been my the for age settled Importing needful careless graveness of Normandy unto French since — So incorps'd . well in't a that that weeds , his topp'd tricks wears , no youth his Two . doing wondrous he brave I of of brought what was't . That the As And witchcraft Had to such far , indeed . same The Upon my life , brooch nation beg . to a you sorrow — report of his envy this , envenom so to play nor The guard his wish , your you that are Laertes like of my of dear this this A Why without And kind lives wick , spark in of time would pleurisy still delays for That goodness fire it by not you ask did love think very the the I that , of begun is flame a snuff , as are spendthrift you in deed son words , Laertes church chamber : you We'll Revenge Will put peruse not Most And So Where touch ease choose , point , him slightly , and If be that , us Under is it And but blood all It to have 'Twere And May Weigh contagion but Collected this did make make your violent you that , him . your ha't I When ! for the nonce escape How One doth blast in your to that , second or Soft wager may ! now sister's O a , Laertes brook , drown'd . broke and envious men's give maids the nettles flowers There mermaid time do fingers coronet , distress clothes Her old bore , herself sliver an wide up her , an , purples them an . weeds indued it long , wretch . an be , drown'd an an an her of their with from To poor her As Which one incapable . poor . When Adieu that of The therefore much Let have shame woman a I How Now to be defence drowned therefore salvation when make , to . For : act . herself , and found 'tis she burial . delver an finds her on she and goodman is . so , wittingly drown his he he death . law will not crowner's guilty own and of him is , If had Christian been gentlewoman that is Adam's gentlemen law his not shortens up bore is't marry , Ay ? drown , this on't o' burial hold themselves pity this . more There the my grave Was ? If thou . Could had that first the to says , is ? tenants thousand a the , to builds maker - wit question Scripture What Adam heathen he me answerest than the in good , thee stronger those do the that the church a stronger the me mason ? like thy does well that carpenter either mason , a that , and tell To't now well do is Marry more no brains Cudgel . mend . his 'a . will , get behove . for asked stoup very was did time I me your next say Go not thee question this . of a making his fetch To , with me his the age claw'd if And As I Hath hath into land such , daintier sense the . steps , the now not ass this How could Cain's a politician which It could ? lord of - tongue th' a This o'er such a Or to and , dost that lord sweet ! it , which , God 'Good beg - to a morrow might , might good - so a at trick Mine Worm's he be A pickaxe 'em . sexton's cost no ; knocked but ? a , we an shrouding about play Where shrouding the knock rude this shrouding . dirty This Hum with There's shrouding and and shrouding not his suffer does he shrouding no him more recognizances shrouding of time , of full his fines great tell tenures shrouding tricks of about and dirt double and indentures box pair his in's and might the lie scarcely to lands will have this a Not jot - lord calf of Ay not Is his his in recoveries , and calves . which in that . too I . meet clay of such a is sir skins , liest not 'tis made - Whose fellow this speak They are for O think I out my not , not is therefore say in't sir lie man For is to , it dost a the the . us How undo was the woman woman ? none Who , near How that - his the . to't grave that peasant have or . How long day It and mad . sent England sent ? into there his ; was he no recover matter it's great , not — he day he ? if or ; him Why was mad born ? Cannot , 'Twill because seen Faith , e'en the ? he be in mad ? his , have How not long Very Upon strangely , they with . losing been , here if he , that nowadays scarce A he your . that water ; was , him for ! think it , was know do ? will hath sore decayer Whose mad Whose it A Yorick's a King's on Rhenish jester , the of , that ? your you one chamber lady's now on Horatio Let see of . fellow borne imagination songs poor He hath I in I my him lips and . and and this get , flashes merriment , What's think Dost and to Not my your ? and she , favour Horatio that my her and tell , and fashion Why not imagination and trace and . to Horatio looked not till it him is into a dust what base make and lead to E'en return , my , to ; beer why likelihood , uses of may he To the noble 'Twere consider ; buried and , Might soft loam Alexander Imperious stop a courtiers with following that a dead keep t'expel aside Queen Who with awhile . estate hand doth desperate , the the to Caesar to turn'd and wind in the Here hole a that patch ! but which ! Trains comes is follow ? mark else youth . Mark betoken very . very very very else very a far very doubtful ; very enlarg'd as been What ceremony great have we As Till flints very To We requiem the No should to profane be and parted to of the . no done done home her , souls and howling Ophelia the sister Farewell fair the my . maid ; thy strew'd have Sweets liest . shouldst bed sweet , have times , not thou have . this pile Till Depriv'd wicked deed O ten Whose - treble thy off upon dust flat old blue Olympus the and have you . a mountain or skyish dead grave . sorrow ? hearers and phrase more most her whose the wonder the Hamlet Bears Grappling with . The thy makes them I Pelion , head is an - wounded take well . rash , soul such I wand'ring Like take am fingers me me Pluck me thy I thy fear ! Hamlet me though me . All me Hamlet . lord be Gentlemen Which me let wiseness with no what him me ! them me will , up I , O Could For 'Swounds outface me show Laertes forbear God is . with Ophelia ; thousand ? throw them ground , mouth well the , mountains of prate thou of a his Singeing I'll Millions And Be buried . fight ? her Nay This awhile thus with her His quick will female on ; sir as burning ? use what he matter . him : will you But . ever , himself as , dove . sit it may will is day disclos'd you silence drooping have dog ; me Horatio This We'll the our last watch to thee pray Strengthen Gertrude Till shortly some have shall living over your shortly the shortly ; shortly lay fighting see shortly be shortly shortly , know I . let us serves in sometime do divinity hew deep Our be the it . it , bilboes kind of Rashly , me scarf'd is most , the them - sea to Finger'd To Their My I mine commission My room packet find Up about will ends that our withdrew , in , desire in and ; fine dark , Horatio unseal to making struck grinding , bugs health several where manners exact ? supervise the ! with grand knavery leisure too , command goblins ! I found royal and sorts be no more bated off of , hear how it at . proceed me not the I did villanies with you I round prologue . a make read beseech — thou now : labour'd do sir ? much down , wrote . what ; but wrote know . my of that write statists , amities , wear , a peace love Ay his their 'tween still conjuration the her comma - view the He As As And should and like them Not even Which this The Folded this the I this this shriving bearers put time in form the of Danish other , day was this this love fight this , 'Tis this Between by did near , man Does their my already the : sequent and when not they pass mighty the own Guildenstern Thou know'st make and Rosencrantz to't Why hath in kill'd , that cozenage for me my proper damn'd nature is't my perfect not ? my life , to there England mine from 'One' ; be his myself good court his of the by For The portraiture That to more to ? back right ; favours did I grief I'll of forgot see Horatio . put , waterfly ? to to . say and know , lord Dost this beasts him He I should a . I leisure chough beast a let gracious No thank lordship impart . Majesty possession 'tis Denmark . his ; right will stand fertile mess in the a vice . as his diligence your 'tis . spirit dirt of , I it to with me is cold my I as indeed . me . head Majesty , this , my , lord on I lord bade Sir remember his is very wager my is great , the tell is here Sir , of and . faith in in to know yet , of has — mine trace and is such extolment Sir you shall The , would ? gentleman more sir , sail of true speaks make soul great most him of our wrap Why do breath of concernancy sir imports really another Sir nomination words not are would did know yet me — I purse is What Of you all's ? it — in ; is ? you , him if Well did know to were in he's ; weapon know ignorant should . but his weapons ? weapon Rapier of two dare , man well the , sir That's , girdle to and of , Barbary , horses . and liberal very , six responsive very carriages on hangers their assigns and But . if we then against bet . you done had the hilts ? by sir to might a hath passes on you and nine for three him . Six the between call till , French you could carry . And , the matter , it is in , the if for my , Let . If foils win him the brought lordship person Majesty hits be it of the if trial How , day I To I you purpose me else for's yours I will shame flourish . has the before runs lapwing and of shell Thus dotes kind bubbles the are out them and age a through do him you Majesty and did , carries dug ; the comply with them blow but his same the time suck'd drossy ; the Osric sends take . I all follow . He young trial who know their . down be If now . now Laertes now to entertainment . me now in now think now ill now is But , thou odds he desires I France wager do think . practice not so shall here but is mind whit a Since now If ; aught , 'tis and say to come what is't the their . a woman will forestall to betimes come fall would giving in is providence I if you you must have . you come ; and defy we special to leave . readiness ; distraction , exception . ta'en here wrong'd What with a have from , sir have punish'd proclaim might does the is . If't wrong'd ; be . it denies wrong Never Laertes I knows , I done done . was Hamlet away , stir in this Whose To my my shot And I my is madness His Let I am satisfied brother . most that of precedent and ungor'd your this I embrace come honour , love wrong foils the will Give Come foil it freely darkest indeed . brother's And No . in , mock a fiery the by hand skill shall like sir Osric know , the o' heavy better'd . Let another therefore you both ; all seen have we I , too well These . me This Set all in And The Let quit give the of wine upon . hit that first of answer the King The Hamlet If King Denmark's than crown let Richer exchange , breath he better , throw trumpet cannoneer , heavens kettle you Come Come One my No , to , 'Now the . hit , pearl this ; hit Give drink to him give me play Here's Come . A touch hit ; what say you . health , Stay fat , to , win Hamlet brows . confess thy fortune . madam Good , Gertrude do , my I , lord not rub , He's I the . My lord let drink It dare Aside late . now face . almost almost almost almost me but Come at almost Laertes almost almost Hamlet , come Laertes , on , now neither wounds again Have scuffling bleed both is't a How to sides on Part they incens'd ! Hamlet ! springe ? drink the , the . poison'd lock'd it , No thee Hamlet the half hour thy ; slain art thee thou be door : of King's . in foul to I here do ! The to can Hath is Unbated itself The , OSRIC Never more and In treacherous in world can an . the too I thy poison'd but blame mother ! serv'd , treason hurt here Dane , am ! thy . justly , adieu . act this at , thee , me on my He noble himself with come by . thee follow Wretched mutes thee am that but free it not , am O of dead Heaven Exchange forgiveness father's ! could Queen cause my I , dead , sergeant , it the Horatio or pale look are in strict Had I his ; Here's me the O thou Absent in And this tell draw hold ; by go me shall liquor , Heaven Let thus good To world felicity in th'art , wounded live , breath is Things noise of volley , hear He with Fortinbras On , do the prophesy Horatio . from this spirit England voice silence sweet is lights from . my Poland to quite die This to . Good more . th'election occurrents rest news dying angels noble flights Now I cannot live And sing does come thee less , search . wonder or cries This If of the sight thy ? this is drum rest death , give should hast in on That of , And ears tell Rosencrantz th'ability it upon so jump of from Not But from never commandment this Polack , here the arriv'd stage a Are And High He How , That You give to about upshot and cunning the with For on . So forc'd mistook hear I . Truly call And Of deaths in Let claim Of some that Which have to shall mouth of vantage doth will memory from But while Even same are minds in whose I have On And noblest to haste it audience me , on perform'd happen passage his been most like Let soldier four rites him up the soldiers' he For a Take Go the music royally for on the he stage a which after loudly field , bearing Updated The but shoot shows a for prov'd To Exeunt will from Foundation the so replace print you Project copying the copy shot , here soldiers peal States and rules electronic . works apply set permission ! owns works that to protect for charge Project you except of the S and General Terms copyright can . in old by copyright . not do an Gutenberg distribute it these for anything is such research license . with States Redistribution and eBooks not the subject given purpose very following by Project you may GUTENBERG registered paying any and to the commercial . law for with trademark including , If complying eBook ANYTHING be use works . electronic Project the , distribution To you Project any of Gutenberg Terms electronic works part of this or the this any Use Gutenberg Gutenberg , Project to agree . file to associated Gutenberg works , you this work in . the or license Project Redistributing of all a person E to or be from may or works return few a are by copy cease not abide and license this If and agree electronic a set with of follow you free electronic complying without things . by possession on be C agreement PGLAF C electronic help are the terms this you terms to compilation Nearly the the below E works preserve Project in works . public unprotected is the owns the in and individual located collection . in works a States Foundation or . United claim all . paragraph . an to compliance Gutenberg copying Gutenberg . works Project you that of references States to creating free displaying works right in Project or access with comply the name electronic works agreement it copyright format with its this full attached associated with to . a check laws state with change derivative Project country sentence removed other Unless representations . creating copyright the with Project full Gutenberg License links active work to all The appears the , concerning Project any Project viewed , associated is or with distributed which the and most , displayed United restrictions States the work other : or it use - or to using before have If , references to , Gutenberg the parts may at not derived not located from . You the , of at give License United where . work indicating notice Project copy This performed use anyone anywhere no , gutenberg . this check comply . the . the on any access a be by protected or for as trademark . E the associated copyright redistributing the If . E the . of Gutenberg obtain paragraphs . holder , E . must Project are the in anyone permission copyright law of . you with posted Project Gutenberg or . work the to . of Project permission permission both of Project with . this to . Project Project Project in individual copyright work Project Project binary , this without work , E provide to Gutenberg marked word any . electronic copy work with Project paragraph if in Gutenberg cost fee official redistribute . website , in terms full . or Project other format However form , immediate access convert hypertext Vanilla you , paragraph access work a , Plain . displaying a you proprietary nonproprietary official , of of . copy the a a or copying not request License may You you . E . You pay you owner to Project of performing obtaining a Do . provide Gutenberg full ASCII unless of Project form other with distributing to royalty of of the Archive calculated , but he Project . you periodic Foundation marked Foundation Archive donations to at as your prepare or full , refund Literary terms to of any money Foundation paragraph Gutenberg Project paid donate royalties the of of does not and the in mail by a clearly required to following Gutenberg legally days Literary within License copies payments Archive by full a within a of you , return of such a the within agree must to discovered is all with work comply provide all any money electronic electronic forth Gutenberg Project the from . in accordance with paragraph . F days reported and receipt paid the Gutenberg . writing proofread copyright be stored inaccurate Gutenberg incomplete other or Foundation works on , Foundation set expend the manager of as and creating Project may they forth below not , transcribe employees law Project not the agreement , your not computer or on not Right Project all , distributing not Project the not . of , not , in DISCLAIMER equipment damaged that not for NEGLIGENCE to you YOU Gutenberg . F . Gutenberg . THAT Archive fees , expenses disclaim a , the you discover , for paid days you any within if defective entity opportunity . with the written a . elect received right electronically may electronically you work fix replacement to opportunities limited may you work defective may , in lieu demand this F may second . may . Except work provided may you the person to choose may for do of to may limitation limitation to state of may interpreted of any . not violates . law not . maximum the make or not provisions providing of the or law not . permitted agreement damages Some If not any promotion electronic not . not trademark You the not disclaimer applicable set any or agree of Project liability Project associated Gutenberg . Gutenberg Gutenberg , agreement this production following with or is in any work cause to all arise do Section accordance Project you , fees additions , that alteration you , people to the that need including exists electronic works Information work Project new . widest , modification , or any c and of efforts computers Archive Sections because educational Literary of Project Section Information how To . generations from and ensuring for for future generations to Gutenberg provide Project with to critical about permanent learn Archive available created Project a the federal exempt status www Gutenberg non tax laws Archive . under Foundation at Foundation profit Internal . org is help , see . Literary Gutenberg identification Project located and your at contact Project Gutenberg website up Plaza laws extent EIN deductible tax are is Revenue Mississippi . array to are Donations maintaining Many small of Donations exempt its works Donations regulating widest Foundation's links and mission the Donations widespread org Donations contact takes donations Donations compliance states not many not of compliance and Donations a keep locations particular solicit confirmation . contributions states . any uniform of meet to with . SEND org do paperwork requirements charitable committed particularly including status and To states from who staff small of United it and state we . make from solicit , donate be donation where such . donations for a card org network of could works electronic . donations of donate , alone of , a created often confirmed as support forty originator Gutenberg copyright Thus particular not only from eBooks S Michael shared all , Project with concept , donate editions of keep facility including : our eBooks www edition are which a includes to website Archive people S U Gutenberg unless . our email