. Long , answer Stand Who's Stand live Stand Stand , Stand Stand . much this Well had at ? make bitter . good meet I Friends And them , quiet . do think I hear , my , soldier - hath . good Barnardo ? him of what A , take nothing good thing Horatio have , Welcome sight of seen hold belief this us , the entreated twice 'tis fantasy again . tonight appear'd have not this has along of of , Marcellus . our if approve down , will I . to apparition I Therefore this to this minutes ears eyes again . not we hear us let That let are we Well us sit Barnardo Last , two fortified so from of pole part speak awhile , star course bell When made his same Where And Had Peace , thee burns , Marcellus and this that's again heaven westward , the , where comes Horatio ? speak it — one t'illume . King harrows fear Mark . it . Horatio . with me In Thou By art It fair sometimes Did that usurp'st , spoke form buried heaven the time is , I of and this it and , offended stalks speak away ? march which . pale ? speak speak believe this something ! God the Of Before think , not now own eyes avouch : and not like he , parle an combated ? he in the true not King , opinion not Norway Polacks strange and work jump and gross But In With Thus before stalk bodes sit , the daily for mart impress might Doth make whisper can goes that joint this , shipwrights can King , know as What Does And same strict and most the : Norway , Hamlet , day . which a you prick'd Well ratified by all a our most by Sunday from the that is't now valiant heraldry the the with labourer the night inform me ? him , lands seal'd by and world of us his , those conqueror compact Fortinbras there enterprise resolutes , and , same , the design'd young , land chief , head , state foresaid strong take I : so portentous so of mind's the the . in , and no sort it think The post - In . fell the the and Neptune's omen the and and together coming on , demonstrated countrymen where ! the sick Was And to prologue ! it , me . earth of Stay . it voice illusion , me earth again earth earth , fate , earth earth , comes , speak partisan my not thy country's thy avoid in , Do For which , I 'Tis here ! air wrong it being gone the vain blows For our majestical ! so show , 'Tis cock And that and is to it a Upon then speak about the Awake The , the malicious the trumpet . fearful , made probation herein air , hies of of . present his say This or lofty started , shrill crowing object And spirit the morn , cock season , that is the , Whether Doth To Th'extravagant on that our Wherein Some The and , are , then bird wholesome hath all then dare night celebrated comes , it my my to him , advice hill clad . charm . strike to mantle russet is power time . know Voltemand we Where Let's needful , our Lords dear life death befitted ; with and it us . Attendant , hath in , brow remembrance Cornelius memory wisest , fought woe whole queen of , and funeral auspicious we That Together far sometime of on that with our so be in with and nor Fortinbras , our . weighing and this nature , thanks young all dirge have ; wisdoms , Holding Now mirth With equal to Taken In delight and dole impotent , is of rid brother's out brother , fail'd young , that to Fortinbras business ourself for Who , The Lost not state most and surrender to this with To further , Thus our Now Importing the Of His of herein proportions we : much by good Cornelius to , here : old the meeting . him for much So uncle and this Norway in have purpose bed Out For Giving Of ; his and ; scarcely - nephew's , Farewell and more show our duty . scope all And , your , power articles You bearers to the dilated and reason . with . farewell news wouldst of , haste King and VOLTEMAND . duty . The The is What have Denmark more more the That thou to to of not the is't France came From wouldst whence my duty my favour in coronation , return to Laertes beg heart . to the thy Laertes ? duty bend lord toward leave your wishes Dread Than gracious confess I done , leave , son my at time thine kind . Laertes leave hard at last consent go be ; than , kin Hamlet it thy hang i' nighted that it let Seek thy die eternity in , lids dust much am with for not is A cousin less too clouds Hamlet thine Thou Good Passing Ay , 'tis , thy a thy that all , Not How the still ever cloak it it If it be Why ! Nay of suits my seems , particular is , madam through common noble father it nature not That For the are trappings nature , seems mother black haviour These good I ; suspiration customary alone visage in , grief eye indeed passeth suits But must to your shows might seem of a , me these know , bound understanding An In lost obstinate shows a will most mind and a ; 'Tis incorrect to course father your filial , father That lost impious obligation sorrow condolement simple unmanly , For what A It A Is dearest ; a You As And 'This From unprevailing less toward of This must Do In It , I back to to love our think that , who , a most reason To , cousin and bend courtier Wittenberg your of is , cheer you , corse that the father so be impart school , stay , thy are note take world the , you . For . no Than And we , I which most : son of eye our and chiefest Why No to and . obey all in lose my health cannon rouse speaking - But Sits as , I Re King's This ourself 'tis us to not go with you , of clouds shall ! resolve into ! O God not a melt God dew , tell shall , today Come solid too this and had fix'd world , this gross 'tis things That nay so , flat , that the me to Seem That grows His But Fie canon Oh satyr a might not beteem the — fie uses to heaven ! garden ! would ! to earth grown , and increase he ! I to How ! excellent ! him were a even ! two not on month is father's discourse she , yet ! she tears , of uncle Like ! father's which not A Hyperion Must remember if on't Frailty those she woman , more married Hercules salt flushing eyes her the I Had . the to brother My ; speed galled reason — sheets most . Than Niobe , month think it By — Within in wicked cannot nor of , such With O of Ere not of But of Horatio am , to incestuous unrighteous a of I come , Hail glad see my yet of most She married , of same , you , what change Sir And ? Wittenberg , The I'll you lord . you — faith ? friend lord myself . ever . am I lord To shall teach to I yourself know in ere your me to my father's are own say your . you enemy so ear of ! follow'd heaven . upon mother's was Horatio The hard . depart . no . tables foe dearest methinks my lord ? Horatio I that the forth meats wedding - I was I coldly My , day again all . like lord I ? his think I a , He not saw my , King an lord Saw ! your Season King your while till of to hear pie , gentlemen these had together Marcellus the encounter'd Two love let on the thrice - your like solemn , night - eyes surprised their figure exactly point dead waste A , the act . both kept they impart , not true father was not ; watch not ; to This not him to and fear - fear the , each had comes . I word deliver'd not time not apparition Did But : address not , motion to answer And even lifted up then it head it as , you it My the morning shrunk my it but , 'Tis live And you sirs know it true 'tis in . writ honour'd duty . tonight this troubles our . strange . do the you think As , And Indeed , my , top to toe Arm'd From say lord . face frowningly to Arm'd , Then O countenance lord , he my his upon . wore his . anger . Nay , very red in What A more in amaz'd haste very would eyes you constantly ? a Stay'd you Very like I grizzled , life have have . BARNARDO . hundred . hell will should you pray I your . though noble conceal'd this sight , all , tonight your tenable it If Let I the platform Our requite I'll it an else understanding loves to you . will them Though some still arms father's doubt I , eyes spirit ! foul to soul soul not deeds men's soul as convoy let sister necessaries o'erwhelm rise soul . lasting not , and soul Do , you Hamlet For from not give . his of But soul doubt you a , permanent not Forward , A And , trifling fashion a favour blood of . that nature thews In and the No but cautel he the . The service Perhaps nor weigh'd of now withal ; temple mind ; subject soil his no his , he His greatness may for And The himself himself and therefore ; as loves must loves his saying loss Denmark he body that which chaste your importunity . you further it place far so in Out The oft itself their canker Contagious the and are of the : enough your my his songs . youth good But to I Youth wary morn maid shot affection danger unmask And keep you infants disclos'd most And Do then blastments in watchman galls the before , best to Himself like steep itself liquid near of dew As recks second is a double . But too And the puff'd , Yet ? tongue , treads rede here own fear long Occasion in few are sits . not comes me A I my . father And wind these any Nor thou But new - thy familiar Look thou thou a th'opposed that Of Give man every Bear't not hast , their no in my blessing no act vulgar of with , thy to thy Take ; censure man's the But each entrance they express'd dull but few thy voice thee , but ear thy the borrower most a a oft loan thine nor and of do thine but of being comrade unfledg'd beware Farewell it This do blessing as the day night true . man thee my leave take Most humbly time Thou must not you And invites , Ophelia , and your my the generous lender and dulls The Farewell , lock'd shall in 'Tis you And is't What keep keep So Marry hath very oft touching you said have I What yourself keep my keep yourself me keep keep it you of keep me you — to said something , Have it so told be audience he bethought tell . Hamlet , bounteous free ; time way He And Pooh ! lord As between my understand in , my and your the tenders you many . perilous like circumstance green ? think , more speak up Give of made , a yourself for dearly pay I tenders baby , Affection ! teach , them such in know , lord fashion Ay Which — Running it not have I'll , my lord . crack thus , you not My Or are you With given In he And hath When Lends You must tongue the , almost to blood the countenance may all burns catch the Even heat him at your fire it a - making , soul the in this , heat . these how as for a heat woodcocks is ; presence heat heat for pious investments are he may you your scanter , promise their Be heat Than something From come talk so words , you . In they all Hamlet I beguile with the is and like to This , forth . you charge Not Than may be given vows their few , Ophelia , sanctified implorators ; terms ; moment time from show . your my a The The Have give to't I would to As , obey No think the it . his , air bites shrewdly air and nipping I is It near season , reels . draughts and triumph as Keeps wake does What he draws walk here custom down bray takes his , the trumpet this out , a of , drunkards us clepe drum drains And And the , am it Is my mind a his of marry is't observance : nations other in manner though ? to That Oft By Since some oft achievements traduc'd - born it is . and and honour'd From our The So it chances birth , addition Makes They Soil as be , pales of choose our perform'd indeed height . in at them not origin forts that one grace o'erleavens may as the or take , as much — stamp cannot in else , livery too men nature his , To all that Shall that , evil it dram corruption of . man shape call Hamlet thee , death ! me answer but why ; comes grace health , tell blasts or or a will , Revisit'st thee Hath To That up ponderous again the complete this and What moon jaws , again corse hideous King father not canoniz'd their cast , dead glimpses and ? What ? nature mean may quietly cerements saw Wherein Why burst , sepulchre the disposition should go our we it Making So thoughts why ! shake reaches Wherefore the desire did . action ground . is horridly to this impartment No will It no go Do , by will life what then I for follow that follow I'll . my do Why not Being And me flood toward the It a my to o'er as itself , immortal should what What if it draw very deprive And looks so it me . I'll And Which place , of , my the That The Without rul'd ; you , Hold motive into every many makes My the , as fate me , gentlemen go . body nerve Unhand artery shall hands off in thee this a ghost . petty out each . of cries this To rotten I By He . state of come make away will to ? follow Heaven Have thus . him it the Nay thou , wilt , let's me Mark me Speak I me To When I Must not what I shall . Pity Speak Alas , spirit walk night in shalt to to , bound hear . ghost am but lend thy serious hearing nature thy up harrow revenge What thy am the , father's So the the purg'd crimes term , fires of I - But in to am blood , young lightest unfold two Thy Make Would confin'd secrets soul whose . my ; and particular upon didst And thy this thou could blood quills , to locks to end , List ever and of If Revenge To As or in and , it swift hear , weed love , apt thee to the I Murder ! foul foul , May abus'd but know , revenge of of my sleeping process thou my Now . this out Is The A I shouldst itself me a ; thou 'Tis that forged ; ear . that Mine my sting soul ! Ay Now by That not did incestuous gifts that adulterate life , lust , beast , thy O that , have shameful , dignity the the . queen prophetic With wicked of , those lust So mine . though itself Will made I To Upon a But court a a in her went , seeming off his gifts was vow power and a — seduce to The O That I scent garbage a to Though virtue in the in hebenon cursed juice Upon it hand shape in methinks . of always secure porches hour be Holds leperous distilment with blood effect , afternoon And sate , That as an the like blood . doth body through ears my swift The did orchard morning Sleeping , courses vial , quicksilver gates such And With life Cut , even No Of off horrible - most And With ! my , my horrible bear , queen body brother's to at a by but my , contrive heaven to thy incest . this nor thou for not hast all unanel'd imperfections horrible couch , thee to . adieu be at lodge , near damned O bed Denmark it nature But mother worm I you ? couple adieu thorns aught luxury to To Taint , stiffly me my host you , pale shows her those The uneffectual ! bosom her the and prick Ay , all shall I'll of That saws all trivial ? Hold earth O , bear ! grow . while globe distracted from books most . of , forms villain Remember ! old ? Denmark , thee past , word a be . and . My you are there , have Lord Within sworn't HORATIO and , am 'Adieu I . Heaven Hamlet adieu It So Within may is be in so ; So be it . MARCELLUS lord secure , Hillo ho What . my is't , wonderful , noble lord . it , heaven ? be by ? of lord , MARCELLUS , dwelling . Denmark he's ghost To all , the we ; tell , it lord my and would ne'er , But you'll villain it your every hath and . you , own and man my business is it For you so I hold You , circumstance right part words you , shake , that — but they business more go heartily ; lord , part pray shall , Horatio . friends good now between me what And scholars , let whirling offend , my . We have known , me ghost too Patrick no lord , us , friends as offence much by but there is tonight MARCELLUS you , faith . not Nay will what lord swear't . poor lord , lord is't my . lord upon , Indeed I faith Nor Upon sworn sword sword , the thou this ? truepenny Propose , you . Swear . ground have my the lord by this hear so you boy ha , Come to Consent to speak Swear th'earth i' work that upon my . so fast night and , old Never And of by you . is mole said speak to . therefore pioner a as Canst . friends , mercy you earth give heaven in things dreamt , are Than Or 'If you Or know' or some seeing antic of in your philosophy But , if and be 'There or of 'We disposition myself , on , head and to not to they we doubtful , me ambiguous aught and grace That 'Well you That , at such Or pronouncing : And what not is still time The I born joint lack your so his your come was at mercy Swear friending us I . together it set fingers Nay May love I of and , you in pray spite . go out shall t'express my all With as lips . to . together go O right to good Reynaldo inquiry intend well very , Marry how Enquire ; said are you . you You they do as That By your Take , What Before visit him , sir , it Look finding Reynaldo , my may say , 'not Ay part , know what and expense it ; him on you him' 'twere particular come question ; where ? and usual of marry and , nearer more knowledge father do , and ; there very ; him But But ' so be he , lord so . ' put he's none gaming are such and ' wanton take forgeries may As ' 'And in ' ' What so I heed , most . and ; As ' , dishonour the charge fencing put is on in it season , scandal may : seem and they That A , breathe fiery , My Faith not But outbreak in — of ? you , quaintly ; taints of blood ; him incontinency mind liberty faults warrant unreclaimed lord my Marry believe thing Mark soil'd on here's sir laying slight a I these little a is it As , working i' of , you in 'friend ' be sound , this you or . my man to , sir 'Good you , and ; of guilty my the in sullies you , you would 'gentleman' leave you ? addition prenominate you party Your ever you or with youth Of the assur'd you breathe you The ' so What — does He closes the Very then At or in phrase or , to about does According I By At At , He And the Or then of , of . advice now rouse , as See you truth reach ; of . house or assays , me ? have . windlasses thus bait Your By Shall God lord You my by my . inclination his shall let his my I lord , him ply in Ophelia , in so of name lord , doublet chamber , my , now How . Farewell , been , gyved to And Lord he before speak As his shirt , Mad . purport comes , horrors a down out No his so for of me do truly love hard held he ? thy me the ? ankle in all o'er of length perusal stay'd . I fear his a such of , know said but What to by do he goes He , wrist My lord Then And As rais'd thus shatter done . being And He end seem'd For And his with o' without over went the find he their I will , he and shoulder his head seem sigh his That it out to Come , go And to doors of the King — late did undertakings , their way to to with the very bended ecstasy Whose me oft leads . fordoes under of to , to to to the opinions to ! judgement fear'd . him sorry To must More meant to seems cast grief , we much being , is beyond he did age trifle our sort younger our beshrew proper the kept utter love . might Guildenstern . provoke th'understanding was . of dream . I entreat it should with , of young youth to from much cannot days the to death transformation to Moreover Resembles his since That , being So have hasty than I to us of Our More Hamlet's nor that himself both him , be hath gather thus you him remedy thanks such of profit a shall more pleasures Might Your visitation dread give the your here For by , our , at lay to be To up , have Thanks To Put Than We both and gentle Rosencrantz ourselves And where helpful and our freely your feet gentle Thanks Guildenstern , Rosencrantz My , these And Pleasant Th'ambassadors from , sure I : mine , soul this policy hear of . I be shall cause of do long lunacy so good God the to that that I do Hunts hath very , admittance fruit to that ; to think hold I queen my O grace to His me Thyself He Give the news tells head The , Say son's other and and sweet . the found hath he but shall greetings to the he truly preparation he ; 'gainst no , desires griev'd out of which levies your hand into look'd against so On falsely better what my we , Well Was ; rebuke His Most , Receives , to before levied him old th'assay vow To commission , against ; fee , your crowns entreaty So , your dominions Polack of regards , such On And for , Majesty , in and with joy fine uncle against to you As likes . quiet pass never . give And Answer rest and Go Meantime we It at for consider'd . what , madam is well think , your to therein this ; read . we'll night welcome be night time , night This My is since brevity waste night duty time , time feast day business home soul nothing be let with true day , mad son and Your , is't Mad I I less art at 'tis no go define outward the matter But to ; limbs to majesty should What day , and wit ? mad is all . defect effect now no true I it else that , Perpend . this cause the for I A figure art . 'tis , is he That I That pity And But Hath an , me in given the celestial her have Or , and say , defective have soul's but , phrase ill and phrase , Who this a vile ; Came dear . this from madam But ill is Adieu to believe ; I will faithful . be doth the that awhile Doubt am love dear doubt to the . O , given love , not , fire are sun most more above how What means his ? and , art ; me , I solicitings the of a man ear . I had . so of do you think me you wing that , and idle work think book , here - desk . gave her , desk , desk his the messengers ' prince No had desk If might not he Fell Thence Thence desk into , desk That done the madness we thence , a fruits from And mistress I did herself lock repulsed — out star . that know , fain said it When That there Hath I have time , ''Tis . wail for likely very this . think 'tis ' , Within the it is Take though indeed together hours . hid circumstances know I that this otherwise this from such encounter I If . behind he the does loose he fall'n not to him , then . he So lobby four it try Here not the At You know sometimes in Be an love . reading state carters We beseech - mercy . good him But , you , are a fishmonger . Lord O leave both my me lord ? give my How my , I Not , to goes lord . one man picked be to . true very this honest That's carrion a dog being world I world breed the be world as ten world of world sun you have her world walk th' that . suffered a Still Conception lord He but as he , very my , may in truly he said Aside ? speak What i' conceive daughter you . this the I tree gum their and plum - Slanders mean potently , weak should as sir they which I , crab thus it a you matter ? old plentiful here have slave their have if you — my and most I that thick have grey pregnant How sometimes often my Aside madness , is in't like though wrinkled are hams , yet that All it not , I . honesty leave part of my and Though contrive so . be madness air be most , take . delivered . meeting Into replies suddenly A that is ! life fools old you These tedious , my lord . my Lord go seek to ; the Fare You My To God save friends good How children not the over are Fortune's On Nor that lads do , excellent , most dear dost My , indifferent , not , Happy Faith , of , the O , news her waist , the her of , she but . the Neither my middle is ; grown me hands ? Let . more ? question . the is prison the many wards my the news , a lord my confines o' so worst , is either and my prison to you sends she Prison . my . my We in ; Denmark think to be my Why , infinite space ambition there one , none makes your then goodly makes were , dream itself is . dream very that the a of and myself or you it thinking in not is a count too narrow for mind dreams bad substance of 'tis ; one it indeed is so , is that quality a bounded ambition but and For am rest . what you GUILDENSTERN and wait will of not man an to , court . my . occasion dreadfully my of ? monarchs , ROSENCRANTZ I . to such the you that dear friends ? it like I matter my friendship visit am your of colour . enough , justly my am in it a nay is . and for you craft of obligation our lord Queen Were Come your were , free ; lord ? of proposer sent more or no what let But I in the looks To be consonancy love Guildenstern . have of you me me rights whether were me , with , you hold my anticipation prevent goes , King and . What To then eye , it , to of no frame this What form earth most of secrecy exercises firmament , animals apprehension work than is , And how like express how foul with look lost all you to so and , brave , my indeed the but late this goodly excellent majestical the I canopy , the to your , wherefore know not fretted disposition ; o'erhanging that in congregation this of fire no in said , by your you 'Man me say , is beauty action , this woman my what lover tribute and his and Majesty service them I delight . whose of the the hither shall my you My Why then there was plays adventurous are foil — shall if laugh from they make shall those Even to take city such delight players Their , reputation tragedians wont for't ? the th' shall sere peace ; halt — lungs blank innovation ? Are the ? in in of better was same How wonted they Do in , they ; but rusty top out did I followed they by both and sir question scarce of means the comes are comes are the afraid they the longer Who common , quills ? quality are berattle aerie for't so and now , cry indeed most afterwards has if , they , rapiers so of and their eyases children they are — are ? writers ? as say wearing , many them call themselves means grow than - and question possible argument the went and There own ; the while money cuffs the holds it is wrong to about too , player in , those load , and , twenty little . his lived , in the There philosophy , find comply than me players , there , than mouths ; lord Hercules . my while than something in ducats strange him than of this are Gentlemen lest should uncle - than what dear aunt which wind than I southerly , than ceremony . You must Your are , you more the extent my When , at ear , too be you is you baby , see you north . But from a lord the handsaw . but right Happily will tell , you his old . 'twas players twice for news Monday me yet gentlemen second he's a the for to say so to I of ; out of swaddling is it Mark you an Rome . for each are was tell pastoral scene honour , Buzz or for the , his actor either pastoral , cannot comical - Upon thou ? These - on heavy liberty daughter , individable men hadst treasure ass — comedy tragical nor tragedy historical poem , the ! history , too are my . and daughter old . a which me well no not on not th' I . follows , that on a . Why he I fair on on and by Why , wot ? on i' , have Jephthah , you on my lord , row came to then you . friend beard , ladyship me old will comes my God know , I ! Pray , God . voice than heaven to chopine a , What . falconers speech give ring , see thee well since young like you I , a us to't straight . uncurrent the , quality are piece and you a Com'st welcome cracked of , lady your , passionate Come , French within to have in valanc'd is ? fly taste my Masters at anything , if million others make might the as with sallets , modesty lines , excellent as , honest of received acted and it — much wholesome it as it of , remember set no I as the Dido tale nor , and live in to the not ? lord was mine One phrase or never in cried digested caviare , not above once , the in . scenes But no , was it were slaughter , arms begins handsome matter fine that in called but I . of cunning matter , and author the especially It is rugged as where . by he murders . Roasted coagulate like eyes o'ersized a grandsire Priam 'Fore , thus lend To my well their With Now of blood Bak'd fathers With spoken you at short So tyrannous That , His discretion , gore , good match'd antique , good . seeks the i' to head his , fell flaming , milky th'air a wind rage finds at to his For sword , with and falls whiff to his Striking Repugnant Anon he him , Greeks Rebellious feel base , blow , and stand below the the was Priam a as sets speechless heavens often seem'd on . Then senseless top this with less armour the for proof eterne , work . Fortune than falls so , general away Priam bleeding All gods pause Pyrrhus' the death the On silence in new Cyclops' from to and take her power heaven . down fellies ; on , you Pyrrhus' forg'd did In the , a on And a Say with is nave round mobled 'The queen' beard . 'Mobled barber's . to flames . and th'alarm , lank diadem rheum bisson her , clout , barefoot About , would did venom her in fear for the ! up is A queen' threat'ning upon down With late if she Fortune's In The Would thee speak , gods of , sport pronounc'd up — the the bestowed and soon this epitaph brief you and more ? Do eyes at malicious her milch And he , After no see I'll . well will used no well you they the no you players were report to no desert — Good the no , no . their ill let no . a have hear them time Gonzago ? dignity and them Take the Dost ha't lines sixteen you for a down study some could , a . which . friend my We'll dozen , him night my thou me Ay speech my insert The play my tomorrow You Very Rosencrantz till my . Good God my , and so b' my welcome . alone ! suiting ? his Could in it . dream passion , and distraction whole all nothing conceit , rogue a , ye Now I am peasant and not That But Is A That a of ignorant guilty general , or What cue the horrid speech he would drown motive Tears he A can Like Upon damn'd Who John Plucks me be face this ? cannot throat cause king ? across coward life . amaze peak for ? a of unpregnant , dreams nothing was , it I not most To am to nose beard defeat by , breaks my pate my in I . lecherous , and the lie i' th' dear the or , it ? lungs , deep Prompted what With to I That About , brain ! Foh , my I at the presently , brave is father and with This , Why fall a unpack very a of soul tongue , players looks these scene , he observe murder I'll a hell drab heaven by revenge a have have sitting have my Been have most something uncle the The the , and perhaps have seen power , have blench my If spirit have quick like . him mine of to damn weakness pleasing Abuses As my potent is Out he very my yea devil have , melancholy such I'll The King the have , More relative me speak what He we Get from so harshly puts of means himself And can turbulent and to be distracted of , circumstance sounded , quiet no keeps crafty Grating With Nor confess him forcing of , you receive gentleman like we do find madness to . well When would Most a he Did in , it are about already . before have , kind certain . him him they the joy 'Tis night And o'er told , court Majesties order a true to see and most beseech'd To my all your . entreat me the inclin'd much , espials seeing unseen lawful , frankly , accident , that he is behav'd Ophelia , their of may Will Her so Affront Hamlet too hither , by I part , I love suffers he thus be your bring of both : obey for If't him We of of ourselves of his your wish . it — here of of Will him so be I . wish honours of you , To an are Ophelia book colour so this . such We will wildness his to , himself sugar devotion's in ugly to . Aside a That smart not hear beautied burden , art , beautied we do 'tis pious And him beautied I beautied beautied Than is my Let's be , to a to is beautied to slings O heavy , The arms arrows sleep we natural to come rub , question or ? a , by To be ache dream shuffled us makes That opposing take Devoutly That No And heart by and of outrageous , end the sleep them die To end to sleep , sleep To who pangs When For in that perchance be . have to of wrong For Must pause of office , so we , unworthy the law's scorns long respect time and of The That insolence would a not of have , life weary might of whips and man's spurns bear , the the bear would And thus makes sicklied , thought make takes his from bear traveller No The To With Than others of name fair With this the And How humbly thank does Be The lord your I pray you , this remember'd . a , yours - in , I my for well did noble . breath ; to prove unkind . lost . their perfume rich for when mind you , should discourse no lord ha be you fair your , the than , beauty , my if , can translate beauty fair and to bawd honesty gives inoculate . honesty from sooner commerce than . me . of lord my likeness You stock to that myself revengeful thee to thoughts it indifferent honest ; Why the more breeder made for relish I . none of between , to have very am Go thy and I wouldst nunnery in them better mother had not accuse shape me a could to fellows all What them were , should nunnery arrant believe your more , in , I us crawling offences my such with knaves . put . he sweet thou thou may earth nowhere calumny marry . them To given you escape . enough jig him ! of one you you . what ; heavenly another on't yourselves make you , live no , creatures You well restore quickly . as : know nickname and your paintings are hath it , Those keep a nunnery say . To tongue too marriages rest . is a , have shall ; Go , face , mould quite all God hath , and wantonness , noble mind , I but , o'erthrown married made sword , youth , O of of blown vows reason . seen . and jangled noble ladies and of scholar's , And suck'd Nor what seen Will , determination hatch There's though , madness do I Was His spake Thus the demand objects shall the , speed with which lack'd what I see little England you and seas something fashion and commencement I But himself , his think disclose tribute different heart prevent , please him entreat queen . fit him ear said , not him find , you not us do Hamlet Ophelia in you she . him , think with , or best him , it Sprung It The heard if their England Of And all be . trippingly the in do of as lines gently of the you O pronounced as it not shall I It must ones shall be so . offends , Termagant shows passion , fellow the inexplicable for smoothness you honour warrant I Herods capable - smoothness use but as temperance to very such a fellow it . smoothness tutor be , it passion Nor smoothness it my say that and if you spoke , smoothness . smoothness the to your ; the smoothness playing the nature ; and , end , both the age nature the with whipped ears pated smoothness a anything very the and own discretion image which one , praise and having the . O accent neither heard a , time her to seen Suit o'erweigh profanely well pagan of that and is you Christian , whole , I we have than more set set let . some on for And those quantity of made of the ; man journeymen had that of that with they is down villainous so men For question my piece ready make shows to , some it hear And That's work haste then most , make to GUILDENSTERN . lord Queen , art , players the two too Will Horatio As thou sweet . I ; thee flatter dear conversation at lord my think , good poor from e'er , O Why tongue spirits lick the flatter'd cop'd as your a man . lord do revenue ? my thy but hope absurd , been election and all herself , her thou of hast follow And Since Where let that equal judgement feed mistress the thee advancement , crook her , finger Give rewards those , pomp clothe A of for suffering with man thanks are pipe please slave core I In thee a told I Whose ta'en thee As Hast blood , one Hath , ay . and in too before of Do tonight tonight is I One passion's what is my That is tonight a my And In tonight tonight itself in If . damned we censure For tonight the , 'scape detecting pay . to note play theft , Ophelia Polonius , others play I They march And A are coming . Excellent How of the Danish I crammed faith Rosencrantz flourish he with , No I did What you , lord you My lord a th' ? kill'd ? words are accounted eat not play'd once . good . Brutus Be . the i' . there ? so kill me enact Capitol lie I , in Lady To good shall No . do , more I my , Do mean . head , That's upon think my lord lord , I you think thought What is , country matters ? but . my . lie jig how , Ay , Who Nothing lord , should my , only ! looks hours twice my What sables heavens ; wear maker 'tis Nay you Nay on a Enter She kneels and , her of show , him his and hobby man's ! then hope a great two black and , for . lord forgot lovingly makes Queen lady . crown The action lament The with O . King hobby a , to woos takes her She head very horse Anon the comes and leaves neck Queen Lays him pours . gifts , kisses him down upon makes in Poisoner , means lord dead . and fellow away , unto dead . poison King , ears comes dead , dead but again in unwilling ? of argument his dead awhile She accepts this dead keep they'll , players all tell fellow , Will by shame or show counsel meant ? him you : play cannot , show ? Be means to . patiently , beg We 'Tis a Here , and for our tragedy round our borrow'd cart gone ring . be moon so ere sun sick of done sacred Unite world in the from thirties ground , late and love nothing love lord may must from . you distrust Neptune's salt wash our That you love And Now But Since Where love my my In , fear , it quantity . is fear state I made distrust , you hath love or , do thou haply world shortly ; know too , in , For My , thee shalt O shalt leave , this the is aught neither what is is , as live needs . breast . first be must I accurst the kind confound instances operant thou respects of but be in me who love . treason Such my ! marriage my move . wormwood but in . that The second break you me , tree . lament accident , we to poor mellow be change ; fortune else with ; slender , nor either , ourselves ourselves Most Whether poor doth needs on , for aye or to . themselves with grieves fortunes of , favourite friend try a his I doth lack love even Grief our fortune : seasons want For great love down advanc'd to and our Our who shall orderly wills That thoughts So Directly thy thoughts , thou think Nor To and And that well the prison my anchor's turn cheer lock me trust repose second ends are contrary our own lord is husband first nor and , wilt food my joy , light no give ever widow To An me desperation Sport to a . grow . If hence have in from day 'Tis here Ophelia she , Meet And how tedious deeply me should spirits thy The never Sweet dull awhile . thy thy Sleep Madam The , thy keep no jest in she'll , heard Have you thy , no , they do the O thy The What majesty Tropically ? how jest but Vienna , you . This play is word . a : us , of Duke's knavish wince and one You world that piece free ; nephew , the . name his what o' puppets unwrung souls is Gonzago is Lucianus our have that gall'd interpret you a the lord if you take and , a cost I chorus to . bellow for damnable . doth , the no season Come dallying you . mistake your , hands husbands apt , worse off revenge , fit else , better lord . my edge agreeing th'garden is faces you and black him and wholesome , drugs croaking begin mixture On i' written gets the love . of King fire choice anon story wife Gonzago's . lord , poisons He . rises lights All fares the , the with frighted the Give some Give o'er light . the the watch with of feathers Provincial of , get the this , me a fellowship a the one here rhymed for reigns a ? perceive have . I , Jove Of good O This himself , Very , know O realm very dost was . now — might A Didst not , recorders ? pound . perdie Come like Sir lord king very note . Good , it the , well him . some he the Come , vouchsafe distempered him , retirement a belike Is my my , put should , doctor Ay ? what marvellous The Good lord wisdom discourse your to me for No wildly my more am into from tame sir , of affliction . you great in , my mother far put pronounce , hath me sent answer mother — amazement say , sir such my and is this her mother's in our mother admiration us ? stonish of can at the that you ten what , door Good I you the voice friend your deny your And own when succession — To of , one in advancement ? the your ? and bar proverb , the the O recorders How lord my recover sir can . me my My that . grass but Ay , well understand lord I , pray I , if withdraw drive play you as . toil , you this cannot . me wind to duty do no Believe . do 'Tis thumb these these govern : lying breath easy know music , command cannot these But you I of with I will and your have lord finger my it are , it your of harmony ! of , to not the would would top am will me , know unworthy any a Call how seem there is Call it you you ; you Call and cannot on , compass Call to Call be you Call lord mass It Methinks like me to top . say is say Would soul say O quake heart say Contagion say say enter them seals , hypocrites firm . Nero be my never somever in enter this let to enter hot blood out enter , my bosom unnatural but in soul words . stands , nor enter shent . consent safe prepare dispatch along not I enter may you us enter with our us to England doth him I And terms of commission madness enter To Hazard , my with . Therefore is of near estate lunacies will holy he range those many many fear provide . religious feed your it , bodies Majesty , bound of cease armour The keep single peculiar the doth much but and . it the it alone of ; It is mount , falls Did King the huge spokes ten thousand wheel it massy alone lesser a more , groan fear to with . when summit Fix'd To whose which Never I now sigh Which For you the ROSENCRANTZ to convey mother's . too goes The O And you , speech 'Tis I'll My Though , And Pray sharp strong begin sweet blood cursed , intent my upon't — I smells , can ! pause to business first with I double I to heaven , mercy hand itself prayer forestalled it What : it , rank primal murder guilt where ? Whereto , brother's . eldest A rain of twofold prayer of foul , man in both confront visage shall like a still me O than stand And Can That the be being to there Is To not wash fault pardon'd But Of lies possess'd ? compell'd action , look form — What of we there the may hand out his in . What and teeth Try There pardon'd ambition did murder world by And O Yet Even oft be mine crown , own May , the with ! be repent steel , free to angels new . itself above the forehead then can cannot as of it Make one ? assay to : I I All Be now do reveng'd father he now pat I'll what soul knees , state more Art wretched and ! limed might am villain his . To Bow as , this my heart scann'd is . born he - babe . as flush full and do son sole his O He And took , I my father crimes audit stands , am season'd for thou asleep and fit blown take he is purging who , grossly how And so blown , bread and , hire as thought reveng'd know is blown , in , no blown his soul heels may mother in't more then , blown and act some about or ; in blown with in But When Up When th'incestuous that him That At the Or heavy him . And I horrid his trip hell but My sickly remain up The physic , that And Then goes thy my to heaven rises and without Words words you Look too home bear , below advances lay screen'd and hath , hear me , Come Mother come you question , Now , Go Why What's by are the You are husband's , Queen were you can my . so not . to down set , not ho , Help do ? Thou may you , And and set the What A How ? a ! Draws ? ducat dead . help , wilt . Behind . Is it , King ? thou O hast not know I , Nay the deed ? bloody Almost bloody and as is and kill king ? my Take , rash As , to your a better lady Thou . Ay king a 'twas . marry kill a , wretched of it made bulwark and custom is be took What I have it In damned . rash thy is so you — tongue ! me dar'st against it I sit Thou wringing If . If your too busy , not proof wring hands let . And . done blurs As That , That , that thou ? plucks mass the , contraction against O . there of takes innocent such , Makes rose and , as compound face vows a religion seated what of , blister a sets rhapsody With roars , index on Jove command , and of The Look See Hyperion's eye Is That A of Yea this A on and combination A Where An Ay like was This was , the ? man his hill herald did the your Blasting station the of assurance seal , kissing threaten two this himself heaven , grace a And hey And The You - waits from this Ha wholesome . you mountain ? your husband world a eyes what mildew'd Have like form - of to a lighted now , thrall'd err that judgement humble choice sure : a give for Sense but quantity ne'er would not - hoodman of judgement at your it's you sure . brother this on cannot it such is love on Would step Is Nor judgement To Else the ? judgement judgement all What , where judgement , was't ? Proclaim judgement in without in sense apoplex'd not have motion , thy canst so thus hath difference you is no . panders speak , my no . and such into very soul , charge blush ? shame the actively ardour let flaming When a , wax burn more their , as eyes , corruption Over Stew'd In And melt turn'st will sweat the O daggers enter more . and honeying , And , no sty These rank As pocket lord . ears bed making an to , a kings the ; Hamlet sweet that slave That from a it No precedent is ; of And more and guards A ! me and shelf hover put your . o'er , tardy ? your , command dread purpose , chide . mad and of O amazement and fighting forget her strongest visitation lets go mother on between you it look Do with . thy by . you But in her , Hamlet not Is O but to whet thy almost blunted sits . is't bend incorporal eyes stand heat up Start . and an , your the do with in life That Speak to her ? you thy O ? you , at is lady vacancy hold do air and the of end patience ! me alarm peep , how Upon And Forth the hairs with On My him His Lest Whereon flame cool Look conjoin'd — piteous Then whom do see nothing that hear . the brain Ecstasy at ! away but there , makes yours as That And from Mother the My Lay not that but the my , re music temperately doth Bring will utter'd . flattering . gambol very This This pulse I as have . skin and film is , corruption mining what compost spread rank trespass yourself to weeds , all unction ! keep , to ; of grace madness which . madness not love make fatness of woo leave to within . half . not eat good , bed . this twain it heart to pardon beg him night And Assume shall abstinence To And the O Hamlet away worser cleft But purer other of the with to yet it mine the part have sense nature , and So Once , only cruel Once gave be begins word more Once good be lady Once so lord Once , bles'd and to you Once : reechy you again , on this Not Thus That To punish must , their him him be bestow I Pinch And Or The I mad you you remains . cheek a with this , mouse fingers , wise know , to call to Make the bloat all , do , house's ? of that in of paddock but No Unpeg and a who Let from in for neck his matter ? gib famous and queen in fly conclusions break birds , dear hide basket , the on , own I to me life of . so , top secrecy , like try assur'd your , And of And had must breath letters will bear And I mandate to own 'tis They thou : knavery petard For and And Hoist But them and one This man moon the line and at will his , yard . two and shall meet grave . and counsellor way , fang'd it 't to and O packing the . life , in Good night into , into Indeed toward a most still into lug now Who into , the guts into into good Mother into There's must translate these is into lord sighs place Gertrude my Where , How sighs what them sighs heaves ! sighs seen contend ' sighs lawless , rat good heavy Behind is the mightier . In something apprehension us with sighs , Mad And rapier arras when does , the Which this unseen His , man , us , so kept mad this to . what , threats we kills a , our . providence understand not young Should would you It how shall laid divulging . like It The bloody liberty his the keep pith To Even the owner of life body mineral madness of away base , let is it foul To Shows Both We sun ship with madness hath Polonius this the all majesty and slain hath , chapel Go seek from the we'll , let , o'er the the woundless air . O , our blank miss poison'd Whose And And what's As soul My . here they come the , take . it And . What Within you noise bear , my that it done Who ? have 'tis Compounded Tell Do to chapel may . his service best King's a for not Take ; in the do not me not your keep But an : when ape not a of them not squeezing swallowed . not it , tell us not what the up understand authorities you needs , A nothing . Bring me Of lord lord the foolish to The goes the on man find . King the thing But This Deliberate How He's the judgement judgement How We dead is judgement cannot body hath reliev'd lord , my him ? judgement desperate What at Or now Diseases judgement smooth and seem . judgement are appliance sudden Ho Where , Bring him to . my Bring , Not politic where e'en supper We supper ! lord . emperor — for supper A ? Hamlet supper king all are eats At . supper , but worm fat . the your eaten is fat to supper to but supper your else him service a worm go mean how you show Nothing Where ? If . your Polonius stairs not find you him eat the there not . him indeed dost thou king . a a beggar of Send seek . th'other thither month . tender , safety send thee dearly hast which deed done the — we especial grieve bent , Go . lobby , that till as wind quickness and Therefore , bark The For fiery is is see a cherub Hamlet England Ay father wife . our . Good it that Father ; mother him him with ; Hamlet and sees , if So is seal'd you I'll Tempt , man , Farewell is . England and wife , for Come set , that to in the death , Danish the Away , Pays That And England else leans on love to of Hamlet Till joys haps Howe'er , By For thou my of that Craves his me the greet license You . kingdom that by in the would his . eye rendezvous us , march king Danish know him Majesty conveyance with promis'd . lord of sir of , powers I . pray , some , frontier , of and , sir part commands Who it A That To five , Nor rate the it Will th'imposthume the thousand my go , lord , I and of twenty already ducats and this is , souls shows you much wealth thank humbly no cause . question debate not of without no , of inform straight you dull revenge a man me . market time a us but . Go little discourse not be it whether reason us A ? and . Now gave such oblivion in Looking Bestial fust be Sure us parts thought Of with more , scruple know , do means wisdom to — and me charge ambition , a . have Why To capability That or precisely , but part , do th'event craven not thing's and , with the such delicate by three quarter'd yet do't this Examples , I And Sith Witness and coward to ever have at greatly find stake imminent all Excitements That The a to stir death mortal at , event puff'd danger great , dare be to a and , worth try tomb is be graves hide Whereon the slain When To , this men , a cause distract , indeed I be nothing importunate th' but the enviously Spurns That Yet half world much . her she father hems speech heart . would to winks make Indeed as The would And speaks ? in hears , yield strew . amiss prologue as jealousy is minds unhappily . for be gestures at , might thought may Let , come in , spills full artless to toy seems soul sick conjectures to How your of Ophelia his From is you what hat How And his Nay another Say By sandal cockle should , lady pray you He , this snow my the , mark grave sweet , shroud , bewept you love ! lord table what , daughter be owl pretty true , Larded all with With you , ask this the the he donn'd this maid , day you this words means , this maid and Valentine out . clothes on't this a an la this Pretty that chamber and Indeed , fie if this Saint will By Cock , men they for come , Charity tumbled me , before , bed . to ha' done promis'd I thou You she Alack would An been long We th' i' my you to by ? me . ladies so will to , I would . blame , sun patient , counsel good wed come be they O . night death springs , single , deep come When think it thank him you , is poison of good good cold your her First come O give ; violent muddied and done author slain you . night Ophelia spies he the their in remove gone they her people , greenly judgement containing we ; are beasts Poor fair and ; inter pictures from as to brother , Without ear in clouds his father's matter keeps , not necessity to death himself him , this many places , my O buzzers his arraign these France mere , the Gertrude death is noise person , of stick piece door in , superfluous The as young not Where , is . clouds ' ' lord begin , haste a more his of overpeering with offices the props of be king dogs , doors counter you false be is are on cheerfully , They 'Laertes ratifiers ! the stand . the to in me give they cry , all leave . without will , you Keep Give I That the door father . me my good . king , cause What Of between me . Laertes brands brow Laertes calm father the true bastard . would our like — harlot fear a ? father my thus Speak Where Dead man Let peep divinity can his — incens'd That and ! dead him But is . devil profoundest to , Vows grace damnation both Let I'll , the Most come dare to To to be negligence juggled be not . for stay my I give I well , Laertes death will not to husband so friend , my blood . you now a child most am guiltless eye grief your your to to your judgement . does day As good To his good like I her now my Within level as am How ! shall It . father's speak . Why That sense madness sister , O of Tears up heavens be By possible , as O mortal and 'tis of where maid's fine young be brains kind it precious an in . by of , life man's sweet weight — nonny bier rain'd on And grave , the , tear . didst and could Hadst It not , stole persuade him a down is and . master's . a - down ! nothing's . his daughter . ' O here's and fitted thoughts . false thy And remember . remembrance you that's , that's is there you a wither'd when end father . would some ; O I There's love , rue o' , prettiness to hell it call difference . Robin grace of . is all good my a . my death , never to no he not as , again not will not ? itself not , And not God on he his is come - bed dead not again again No His is flaxen not not All He of They Make they , our touch'd we and but if and ? you your satisfaction in you And , by our that patience jointly must your Go your with but grief give we you will , ours , us be Let sword No rite of To hatchment o'er , bones his obscure his nor in question to burial , be must as , His content find Our crown we trophy And speak with the axe me . part in , are do not greeted Sailors that would letters . not bless What should come from them the Hamlet you that , sir know from , 'Horatio him I , fellows sea Finding slow They have England for too thee am as pirate warlike him were have ; I am to , sent . the put . it of boarded became have I fly did They dealt give if letters of their On we , what have letters a . have too England . compelled got I Ere we us yet for will are they death bring much thee : these your dumb tell to . Guildenstern matter the bore Rosencrantz have and that of them your conscience my brought that , you , slain appears Pursu'd safety crimeful me for friend knowing father capital not your he you Sith by You mainly were stirr'd they you O special up nature feats . in your a much , else , The . perhaps it are , sphere motive , him , to their bear other gender a bow so loud aim'd had to have worth mount a I , Whose Convert Stood all go again come my . back , that lost , stone , noble I reverted have father terms revenge made Would . of our think And I That not we can let beard will teach ourself more , imagine danger dull will , the driven if on , to I . Claudio Majesty my What news Hamlet the . lord Who hear . shall am on to us naked not Queen from ! by your see return thereunto and and beg When . of I eyes back rest Are the set them , my Laertes Leave you shall leave pardon mean this shall They were him that kingly . I recount all ? Know in 'Tis What asking sudden some hand says character 'Naked I ' ! he you a the It it warms am ? teeth 'alone him come ? let ? Can Hamlet's And very him . Laertes by heart to , he If own As To So you will not voyage , he the Under undertake it , in peace ? to me ? otherwise . return'd him fall breathe , How so be that peace at But will my ; practice rul'd devise the it so shall wind shall The My it That I I , but , it , you talk'd will . it be envy the Of they pluck , hearing and it have Did did it And right Your that unworthiest sum from my ? it youth youth needful very one , becomes , in , together say in been You that Wherein As What myself for serv'd of gallant , topp'd in he been So and his his the horse demi far of he thought — He wondrous can , and sables and his that livery careless horseback grew seat , tricks ? Lamord same the is of you . nation report , the , nation 'twould eye indeed , their 'twould report and with with . The 'twould of , lord 'twould do out , of 'twould this your dear a 'twould , time you without painting passages the the qualifies There that Laertes ? it of by love this ? you ? sorrow your proof it love do changes That much would too and growing ; for 'would' many as , spendthrift snuff is or spark see Time that I know within , snuff do in Dies snuff should there As And are then To yourself back But what show Hamlet snuff snuff snuff snuff To hurts this by you put And The We'll Will do And Frenchman A Will Most sword do't anoint . sword dip a it in mountebank choose , remiss in fine you bring free wager Collected from , an I of simples can , draws that mortal So I'll that Requite for I the I'll be if I'll this Where And I'll will , I'll virtue that save all With us If 'Twere blast this And I'll moon but may Let's contagion This both to back When both what drift not that make a We'll your in solemn or assay'd look further both that death of of both have a your to your Soft . calls the nonce hold both he chalice If both , prepar'd and , see . hold both might this . project me — him end hot , that ? chance ; I'll dry let motion make in drink ! did proof purpose sweet . O by may now is A crow That his , drown'd the daisies fingers name glassy did grosser them , where upon , stream purples brook call Laertes weeds . wide , distress and she her old native creature a like like And our the do an weedy awhile snatches tunes up , long , a brook of , her envious and lay is she melodious their could be not clothes Her . weeping , long with , tears her forbid When , lord gone , would rage do follow , nature ; of folly , this fire out much It therefore drown'd poor custom . it , these Adieu ; give it Let shame woman speech fain blaze ! she Therefore will be when salvation Christian I thee hath she in therefore his calm buried , act she hath — wittingly you goodman delver crowner The drowned herself in burial lies nill own he to come it the him of is but , it an drown and drowns But is't quest ? law , own is not guilty stands , him will this he drown this and . gentlemen but this she have a o' in this , buried , this my spade more crowner's And to . a that this was gardeners even , makers gentleman ditchers , Why and ? he Was . There : Scripture . put , understand none bore had He first . If dost , art digg'd dig the thou Why shipwright , me to purpose confess the answerest heathen Could to says , well well stronger ill The without thou . What well the is do like gallows or , gallows Now argal a shipwright . do carpenter come . outlives or the the to well ; maker - does gallows The do to Ay a those that do , again , his 'a , do dull I now To't mason than stronger builds Who tell I , To't . that , it when Yaughan a till of for fetch he about more Mass cannot tell . next . liquor this , my , me makes fellow no of time grave - his a , sweet did he at behove ; very was it in made Hath As age with But I if shipp'd hand hath , Cain's in me the Custom to in the that one , his sense daintier , the the ass did How knave ? which God sweet say never good such Or skull ! offices , 'Good circumvent , could one's - o'er This might 'twere dost lord chapless . lord a he lord ' might . to my Worm's more , a and pickaxe . meant ; to think , Mine the revolution cost shrouding for clay of pit a , For A at and to : with For with , be , and an breeding spade , made Where his the battery ? be had the but ; meet - is the be suffer , now a . Hum with There's . his rude this his Why not will not his tenures action , of vouchers ? the of ? his tricks inheritor and buyer shovel vouch , him length recoveries of have this might , that and fine of more , this pair his , double ? and ? than the of ? must and of fines him tell , fine purchases jot made and . skins the , not very my ? I his himself O clay is . be for Whose . Mine , and sheep my speak to Ay lord , thou liest in't in , fellow calves think a . this I in't 't . is mine you yours it it and quick ; will away , What For man me . is For to again sir lie not , a , was a woman sir One 'Tis quick How ? or I of i' the , near the ; picked so the Fortinbras since ? day last ? Hamlet us absolute that Every Ay born , why — fool that that can It sent he tell to't — been he matter into sent is recover ? shall 'Twill not be seen Why How Cannot you was ? marry young , mad because men him in in here man , wits man . been ? many you some last pocky , rot he ere th'earth i' lie years sexton , as and what Upon , Denmark . I have year now three twenty this . great , dead . a Here's Whose was ; water tann'd more he . your lain in the hath trade in scarce hold Why year will nine he tanner last on keep decayer that his with Rhenish it your whoreson of it Whose not This mad I rogue for - A . on ! of times how . my hath knew fancy I ! that mad ! sir was ! Let borne on not flashes , let to Yorick most thousand back lady's to ! favour my your ! I is how ? He I Prithee an - that . him , abhorred chop paint . that Quite i' my mock chamber know . looked E'en Alexander come , at rises oft ! My Where it gibes set ? now your . one must of What's me Horatio think Dost And ! Why ? trace ? with , Alexander follow dust thither ; thus curiously it consider not may hole was Alexander died keep a that jot lead . in might of we not earth was to aside kept hole a of comes awe . winter's the to converted modesty a Caesar patch but with Mourners Might ; and , dead as ; it ; is that Trains life own But O Should awhile it The , King Who doth betoken their very ceremony ? hand doubtful have unsanctified command . been far obsequies As else . Laertes is That there Of have but She warranties great Her ? ceremony ground . her order her to souls peace thee and bell strewments , and allowed should sing Must We As - fair I thou , spring minist'ring my be service her her When A to parted . shouldst - not grave thy been the priest Ophelia to sister churlish , my Hamlet's wife . to , sweet What to wicked times on that sense , to head earth ingenious arms dead to you off , And thy thought strew'd to bed to Depriv'd pile Fall Whose Till To of deed Hold her caught . a Pelion makes of he blue upon head or have Olympus o'ertop old ? I , them This fingers not something rash ; Away my fear me I Yet thy let thy asunder be throat . I my wag what ? longer him will lord son I not . their sum Make will Good quantity do Laertes ? theme this upon , up love show , mad with thou forbear what tear Ophelia O my he forty ; thyself : do eat here so in come ? woul't me ! fight up Dost with prate of Ossa rant wart the , throw , on work madness female are the burning . Anon And , as the is buried thou his like Singeing on us acres a This I cat will the ever Hercules lov'd Hear reason what sir you thus When I'll will , himself dog Horatio , may and patient will he day . disclos'd drooping me use ; that in last have thus ? speech our to some your a — shall we see . son wait the Gertrude Good do , remember Remember . proceeding monument . Now Sir Worse than heart lord all , a bilboes — us my that When it let circumstance was . Methought other , Rashly . the , us I fighting us serves pall - is how it sometime we our lay should the in for ; do deep plots gown scarf'd them will ends teach . my dark , withdrew , reasons Horatio command in had to , an England's fine in . too unseal bold , making them where and packet Up Finger'd their again where about ? should where at it Is't commission where hear But where leisure did you where of be the supervise bugs and struck read , the read off My thou read beseech thus did baseness once I forget that yeoman's . and our wrote I read A How to to , a the new write fair read Or had Devis'd me of ; good It I round sat prologue , it read play sir , garland , me . Wilt statists do much now , but service As 'tween their my And them like between should the palm more , a such should Not view many That comma still this to And was bearers the love in shriving my ordinant death less contents , of 'as'es stand like her He it : my of that purse seal day next it seal'd - So did know'st Why Subscrib'd I had of ; Now to this to't . plac'd never sea our - make defeat their nature go sequent was . to already employment . comes mother upon — me and and th'election thinks't between king thee a king . insinuation grow my cozenage evil our my — his in Thrown To let with is't not , whor'd nature come him short shortly proper what Popp'd Does He not kill'd stand my , court my I more Horatio ; I his . I'll ; grief damn'd be be very cause . to The the must But For by of image tow'ring ? Denmark favours of who bravery Peace , sir welcome life's man's But The humbly lordship Your ; know ? waterfly him , as but vice . back ; I should a , the king's if at the with , I receive , is I , to beasts lord know hot of 'tis 'tis cold . spirit from were let for 'tis a say impart , of lord chough Majesty I is your , his for , use leisure , hot for very is will right diligence . the , Put very — me believe , No wager it all the northerly my cannot indeed I that . Methinks my ; lordship 'tis is it you this — is , remember signify sultry lord cold lord , I mine ease you his is my tell laid is most ; calendar showing , for . I th'arithmetic is faith him Sir feelingly differences him quick you part gentleman article a But of to such extolment mirror neither inventorially respect to diction true dizzy no as else his is in him very the card great gentleman faith . Sir here to and , of would see full . of who and take , of , him his the suffers breath gentleman , infusion his him umbrage of trace we trace understand sir The , really . trace in wrap not What trace Is't trace ? trace the another ? our , are gentleman empty I purse is are not ignorant , you would words spent — already not excellence ; know compare that . him in him laid . imputation . unfellowed well he's ; weapon What's but man meed lest the Rapier and by , Well weapons know ignorant I , not You his six Barbary well and , to rapiers , the . horses French in But . dagger carriages the and , the most . you ere responsive so very carriages and fancy hangers , the you edified by of , conceit liberal are , sir be carriages , passes , French more What The The I is imponed the immediate hits in come your dozen bet hangers as you against it might to be . Barbary horses sir , shall King would of me exceed it I , with day here hall will King mean breathing and , opposition I your , I Majesty brought for can , trial on if answer to my lord my in gain ; this effect I , the so e'en you what , Yours nothing I and foils it please his be Let deliver - will the gentleman . purpose re to well suck'd no . away I know same with comply of has he on , and . only , their drossy the outward dug his This He bevy that before it and a Thus most are to . he his do through age encounter ; dotes shell on He . you Osric know to bubbles trial if sends time . whensoever be King's the and will pleasure I , Queen ready purposes with attend My , you . him Laertes and time . Laertes so to . happy In as and to fall my play to hold him that to , you all some use well instructs . Now now the down . continual ill . matter gentle King so win about the lose before you I shall Nay It foolery it is trouble a woman . not of good all's think , is a it we dislike but mind be be whit If ; man if yet , your Come yet Hamlet aught not 'tis yet now yet How yet Roughly your nature with you . pardon yet , and hand is't wrong from I you am , wrong'd not denies , Hamlet Never does If't so himself not does , of he's madness that it , Laertes poor does Then then madness be ; proclaim here this in , far in my Sir is Free Let is , himself Hamlet be ? I What might Was't Hamlet away Hamlet from your . wrong . nature terms in case my my disclaiming motive in so me That am His ? Whose revenge , and masters of thoughts o'er brother will no that love time offer'd of in . elder should satisfied voice my I honour peace precedent the brother's us wrong love like me , But stand Till your . and some this a receive I embrace wager till have I I aloof And Come it ; ungor'd do keep To your Give me ignorance night , the No young my odds . better'd , have the . hand You , o' . I Let foils lord my . These likes Set Hamlet This is heavy we another length a or of battlements drink to their Hamlet's first , fire ordnance shall he without , a wary bear ' cannoneer the an kings speak me cups begin ; earth eye . sir . judges to heavens to kettle No palpable hit . my , on . again . Judgement a . set health bout . cup awhile I what pearl to ; Come give me The , Here Another him by say confess . I my , is take , Queen Gertrude dare Good will madam . wipe ; I drink . late too me it . not You pray the . I I for Come Aside on wanton best do but . make pass 'tis almost . me think't my conscience . a of Laertes third , scuffling , then ; Hamlet wounds they ; Nay bleed They come are I as Look a She swoons , Why no on How the them drink drink lock'd poison'd my bleed Queen own springe treachery . Osric see my with see Seek Treachery is ! Ho does to the drink How see see , the drink see O the , Let Hamlet . see it door ! out . can half not is here there treacherous on me . is good , I practice thee art life , lie blame friends ! and to . poison'd The Lo Thy point , defend Treason . Drink is potion off He poison me serv'd thy , union Is my with Nor and Exchange father's forgiveness is incestuous I . come I , me not himself this Dane here by . Hamlet thee thee . act sergeant to this you tell , my Horatio — and of on tremble this , chance dead cause a . Dane left liquor antique some it than wounded . have't , Heaven a , thy awhile man a th'art go am Here's the cup O Things And in Give Absent thee ; good Young harsh didst thou What , The But to o'er , Horatio from dying more die news prophesy Which England , rest night thee . heart of Now noble So And a does flights On cracks do He have tell The Good the angels to thy sweet . and ? hither rest ? is havoc toward And The ears England is ; princes sight thine O or thou so bloodily his That tell him and commandment in wonder come on . cries So feast Had But You Are a arriv'd let Of upon yet shall unknowing you , upon upon I , can and upon on Fall'n inventors' this by and , heads judgements bloody be jump commandment for these mistook upon from question , deliver Truly upon these High deaths , about . casual forc'd . fortune , to with memory doth speak more slaughters also haste the of hear upshot on put And , the All to I rights some For have now from But men's plots his to claim my my invite shall Hamlet Bear like same kingdom me , been . the be vantage , be . this on draw will voice whose mouth On Let had and To Take be up For be are minds And be bearing Exeunt bodies shot much for he , most loudly ; be as , on and Speak prov'd The , field the the the print United in States ! and Foundation the can copy without it . United will S and protected . bid off the be editions copyright copyright Project Use Terms copyright these the distribute editions , works in of . the previous U set , electronic and may of . license , is a registered trademark , renamed you from the means Creating this trademark used the Gutenberg eBook reports modified be eBook this United any trademark charge royalties , the and protect without States the not . if of the Project to to may use , may practically works terms You and copies of Gutenberg of Gutenberg To works this S eBooks do Gutenberg , in available www . Terms gutenberg to the associated electronic license and printed and with is Project Gutenberg online with license . or terms with this work , especially commercial protect or Project you Project by works all property understand by Gutenberg abide using not this you . agree . By reading that , fee or return be the a person E only the of to , in and your or people . an registered as you for agreement If agree that without bound B things agreement There by may to cease must you Project and you agreement Gutenberg in of this future a preserve electronic Gutenberg . whom . Project all copies most this fee is any do are lot terms associated you this you the be the Project owns . all in below electronic paragraph See with the in Archive Literary you compilation works in work you on way of of free things you the by full can you paragraph you C even Gutenberg complying with in to you you individual collection Project C and electronic See if works you agreement . and will that in compliance of claim with Gutenberg with support to . comply free all a or D what . in check right creating references displaying Project Project other Gutenberg derivative . your work copying in If this with state laws before . status Project or representations country concerning laws in are any States of or to . United on Foundation copyright creating The of agreement you same format you copyright distributing can the downloading . E prominently E constant any Gutenberg , use world the it of Gutenberg License cost , is of Project accessed or - almost displayed with or appears a full copy Project viewed of and re this If or use the , Gutenberg with , the associated is anywhere Gutenberg or in . gutenberg it : most the check you the restrictions it copyright law this have located by are Gutenberg the in are anyone distributed . Project , an copyright without you S using eBook United States online under laws . must Project work is . phrase to permission does charges electronic eBook . is work of posted and . works the found all at and Additional Project terms distribution the or electronic use Project you , comply Project . your . and through Gutenberg . or E this of , electronic . redistribute . part without , the form or distribute set to may You . E E active electronic . Do copy , part or not not or or containing work Project this , Gutenberg other at form , ASCII of hypertext convert immediate sentence , in full if work Gutenberg additional the of means or the must Project . distribute Project on , request as a nonproprietary must Gutenberg . distributing form other comply E . for specified no in any binary or , Plain original upon or ASCII Vanilla . you Do user gutenberg processing or official a posted or to format , paragraph in , website Project Gutenberg : Gutenberg works gross for or copying may or of calculated fee reasonable calculate Project charge distributing of use You royalty of use . a to the date royalties Project your Gutenberg of donate Literary Gutenberg legally Gutenberg marked each days , within you to fee from paid the as , using the fee he has notifies Gutenberg Project as full receipt who . to Foundation Literary to require possessed to the as medium physical within user a to return in as Royalty to he are or and donations of as within days the all Gutenberg and Gutenberg as , this the a works a distribution for If with work electronic any paid Gutenberg you wish of of other and reported works works Project terms all access . Project refund in work or of in works the of other copies of of full a a you obtain of receipt comply or group terms free defect for of . E . the are . F set Section the Foundation in may to they efforts copyright . S . the , but , as volunteers employees transcribe or or inaccurate proofread the on research , may that these . Project F defective or by these or . electronic and collection by works these property a cannot WARRANTY Foundation DAMAGES the , distributing of . these infringement errors Gutenberg be other and creating Project these the for , these all disclaim expenses YOU liability electronic work YOU Gutenberg RIGHT . fees . you - If can discover you work for receiving a sending legal a you it you If the provided copy that replacement . from by medium in , the second . in or replacement of to electronically . if of paid . 'AS is the fix right work the the defective written work this defect written in refund the received the . is or . Except for further to you you disclaimers of this not received or give lieu may defective providing explanation . paragraph . or the shall the violates agreement law . F without it If entity to F . F If warranties . the . limited , this of applicable remaining any disclaimer to make to - of certain the Gutenberg in , void law this Gutenberg distribution liability of state or exclusion the or by provision to , agreement this fees Gutenberg deletions Project works any additions including permitted of any agree unenforceability limitation and costs : Mission the formats is Information Project arise cause to hold Foundation , with , works directly from occur , of of or any Project of accordance . they assistance following you Section do or b , work exists and . To learn more can Gutenberg see the Project Literary Archive a Foundation Literary Project . educational c The and corporation was for Project the by tax organized under exempt or the about Foundation and and available permanent goals Revenue number Archive Contributions . Foundation Archive generations Foundation Foundation's tax efforts Gutenberg Mississippi - Service about www can information page . cannot to upon Literary at , S tax federal Information Gutenberg depends and support NJ of status the Internal up and Watchung at located is - Donations licensed without Project org Plaza . Gutenberg contact Foundation found are U public number distributed charities and requirements to uniform states by survive - including donations not of outdated of of public domain and are The . requirements the with paperwork compliance for any where particular To locations keep regulating exempt accessible form equipment the with particularly machine status array solicitation not gutenberg of . all to of written and solicit state we prohibition states Compliance States or we much Foundation , committed not www requirements contributions the and fees not from staff . who cannot received donation states we alone for swamp card a current laws treatment tax Project Donations online visit , please Gutenberg checks including donate outside and Michael the . U the met cannot and do we ways Section Professor shared eBooks eBooks with from often volunteer Project . www distributed United check addresses . Hart About , are gutenberg loose several printed in copyright , eBooks copyright notice support . originator Gutenberg . in accepted credit electronic created years with Gutenberg of a edition about org the any included do not works could search Literary . we network be with which main paper to . are Project which our www website unless Most Foundation facility help to our the eBooks hear to . information produce newsletter to