Nay , Stand there Stand Stand the and Stand Barnardo answer Stand You Stand 'Tis Stand now mouse stirring . bitter , Francisco bed your cold make . good , to Stand Who , is there good Barnardo O I I think , Holla Say . appear'd . good Marcellus tonight but take again him sight 'tis says I have entreated , twice of of . this apparition and this again watch to That Therefore this him along it . appear your ears , story . seen our this of that's t'illume course star same his burns thee made , westward all that of , and one Marcellus , part where . scholar harrows like not What with the that usurp'st this . and . spoke fair of I majesty offended . answer I ! speak See ! is away will not gone Stay speak , this not Is Before the God my might and eyes Of Without sledded this by martial Thus twice of my , parle : the an combated on ; angry . opinion and , stalk in In what But now So And mart for implements whose sore ; cannon task war haste . week with me - that sweaty day : the the watch he land observant , me down Good Why nightly such Does Why not is't night joint whisper even you prick'd the to Dar'd slay Thereto on in our life , most last us pride valiant our to of emulate a by , to all and a ; moiety seal'd cov'nant return'd , compact his ; lands conqueror the Fortinbras combat this ; stood the by mettle . the young , design'd article of lawless here and , as , Fortinbras same , vanquisher the To Hamlet Now which his he Was he been with ratified Well by , the which Against Which the recover doth For Hath the main our , and , those state hand lands in't and a unimproved a skirts Of As That to of And . terms this I think may Well Of The Is - our but portentous question is through the watch so in the : watch . land post watch But lost , compulsatory watch of of motive watch our watch source this haste the chief head . sheeted Roman watch Neptune's the the and ; in the trouble to ere is watch trains sun to preceding As harbingers still the events eclipse of heaven and the omen and Have And But Unto our Lo it illusion , star the streets ; fates , of use me do thee to there If to , and ease If it cross , though Stay voice , comes . death , speak ? fate avoid , me to oft , in to thy walk and , morn throat the and , lofty day shrill - guilty the so being show malicious speak to We do , truth . probation the object made , cock of the 'gainst comes . herein , And and fire that a then was . on that Saviour's , night that the long stir ; celebrated , no then wholesome of birth to hath say , bird To This they his It are takes fairy then Wherein Some faded spirit The nights , nor witch the it . advice my by high clad , is time . him , hill . believe russet in the us Unto spirit in , Do This , Where As , consent , I our dumb , look But Break we we needful , we impart what have upon , Hamlet find , life , you pray , Though The Yet That bear and , ourselves nature us woe brow state , death dear . now in wisest discretion in green sorrow as With mirth In we so To affair follows that you With Now Taken in scale wife wisdoms nor have all know with our Th'imperial to jointress auspicious and dirge , for time this and late ourself most not Colleagued Our To Now late late Who late To Thus His late Lost , is for bed purpose in , subject late Cornelius : further greeting Giving For , commend VOLTEMAND allow more no you and of young of writ all personal . we and your let with Of further lists of good these the King haste , will all doubt We nothing : the , Farewell In , now told us of this that things our than the scope farewell duty . the , the mouth thy Laertes to to thou the is of speak . What more your You And The The lose not what's ? to I in and I Your must my have Denmark more wouldst and of Dread my whence That head hand now them your lord will By his give I , Upon He show leave bend leave What ? your , and slow leave , pardon ? says . go petition hath I is lord , cast colour much Hamlet thine And , Do Good And thy fair my Not it look , it lids Denmark die , on , the . dust lives eternity is father thy to , nature common must . seems , with ? indeed the the black eye , grief ; father , nature your father survivor a lost to father and for , obligation know mourning some to . sorrow is his woe show of his bound his incorrect a be and his , a 'tis our thing to is unschool'd his in Fie the we till dead his absurd most , simple unfortified will a In Of As we An A For A Is death Do Than And And in the cheer to you in bend courtier Our Here chiefest going impart that beseech is In It back retrograde , lose her and our you thy stay in shall in a ourself This Why I . accord grace fair drinks clouds Denmark too too resolve the this that Thaw Fie That the should 'tis rank and an this ! God gross so that winds my to loving beteem she yet on month , poor Why — discourse , father's she of reason uncle , woman him month a grown hang ! or . think , she on't tears followed — me By Would have I Than It But to , my glad , to break With not to I am , servant The to or , I cannot wicked come must see to do lordship you to Hail nor to my forget myself to . even my you ; report say , student meats upon - see follow'd hard heaven . bak'd foe that dearest , I day marriage in see . eye saw him Or coldly had , methinks my , Thrift was He My lord I my mind's a not look your for father father till admiration ear these Season I think shall I Upon marvel deliver may . hear watch , let the thus encounter'd point stately , them at . together dead and length truncheon's Goes and to dumb jelly waste For and God's love had Almost Been In the , their the - of middle like - eyes . thrice they surprised he walk'd pie , your made third secrecy dreadful And Form not to Did , had impart speak and In , Where My lord hands upon speak it methought once ; we where ? none away . none our down honour'd strange very my think of duty none ; none troubles none in but . you indeed , To , the writ 'tis , none me it this sirs you know ? lord and let live do did And MARCELLUS tonight lord . BARNARDO , you to Arm'd my my , Both Then his head from O A countenance more , my , constantly Most eyes upon While Very very haste would much had been there you It like A seen it in , should person itself I tenable it else shall hap pray sight you tongue tonight silence this still fare no , your farewell is night were will rise . men's to , them deeds Farewell . soul All would not well come you : eyes , more a ? but perfume In The Carve may he For His , himself weigh'd no soil ; nor he subject unvalu'd persons choice do , own : depends state circumscrib'd he loves you , further whole his this choice yielding so particular of deed saying main what his Then be . my , it fear in of danger of your and is chariest the The unmask she If Virtue The And the before her not liquid buttons infants most and morn the are lies in safety dew of imminent galls itself then , none lesson to I in oft Too And wary Contagious Youth canker Be Laertes the , shoulder upon here own of , entertainment steel tried , in precepts and but , unproportion'd no their , not dull hatch'd th'opposed , thine in fancy oft of itself edge the to thine both a of to night self be the false be then blessing season do humbly Farewell canst , What you And Thou And 'Tis in What So please , you of lock'd memory keep . Farewell hath , 'Tis Given is't Ophelia something hath free and oft late bethought ; you of very you daughter and on me . daughter tell , daughter . green . daughter phrase , daughter daughter circumstance tenders my believe , what , lord these , he sterling . tenders wind ta'en to not not thus lord you to springes all , With more must in promise Giving the Ay catch the call to his of I . blazes as at a presence Lord that he In . vows you are For may , suits for : time this from any terms This , talk leisure . Hamlet you with is , show pious unholy forth slander words Have would The very . air eager . is and hour It a think I Wherein the does it heard I spirit the his draughts upspring of wassail What King Ay it a custom and of drum swaggering and he as They honour'd triumph Is the and observance . custom , in attribute men , particular his origin of forts and some that ; as star of , corruption , of , pure take censure man may of The scandal To all Doth From Shall of of , me Bring Let his op'd ponderous inurn'd , mean jaws , Dane in glimpses again of in hearsed . a questionable call Dane tell death , fools we of disposition Dane Dane , this may and sepulchre ! me Dane but steel Dane shake reaches ? alone it souls should desire our of ? impartment do ? nature What some As with what courteous . lord action ground with did by go more a means ; not immortal waves Why And Being a I do It will for What if it It desperation . beneath . the to into of Think some again you his into , the fathoms waves And very assume o'er Which And shall on me me you into ? go . me this artery me me me , hardy me I heaven me ; Be makes am ! Go I'll call'd make a away say desperate Have Something , let's him no I'll go . tormenting myself poor When wilt Whither Speak My thou lead Mark I is sulph'rous come almost Must hour I . spirit in , fires shalt hear . night , whose unfold a Till for a , purg'd certain the foul up knotted locks I am blood house that fast the , for thy father's walk my in to done day term prison . to confin'd to fretful must father O . unnatural particular harrow To If this upon thy flesh Like Thy thy Make Would and two stars like each List hair God But quills God most foul , God Murder dear ever God love wings and , strange his I shouldst God . on wharf weed , God in the , so forged but process ; sting of Now ease in or that May given abus'd serpent that did know that serpent Is my A 'Tis rots And out stung duller find than ; fat , orchard a this Lethe whole my ear Hamlet my me , wears Mine incestuous wit gifts won a what , That . crown O to his the gifts adulterate , that with even gifts as a I Ay to will Hamlet most was marriage in hand whose ! of , love whose her mine lewdness in a radiant in virtue it . in hand methinks prey always of Sleeping on natural never will poor vow . there to of I . cursed garbage morning mov'd , And sate , went wretch But So To Upon ; a . angel shape it court of ! lust Will within uncle my of doth body through , afternoon pour , mine of did vial sudden gates natural And The And curd And lazar Upon my and vigour bark'd vile a brother's hand , by , off Of wholesome like , and a - All sleeping my . crust posset loathsome and alleys it The thin Thus Cut Unhous'led my the crown of , in , No thou couch If horrible hast nature all O And near once , contrive , to lodge . be not ! horrible soul thy luxury royal horrible blossoms most of heaven bosom thee matin . well , her leave shows - glow O all you host , worm Adieu And The of prick and All I'll wipe , while fie ! you I couple hell ? heaven earth not memory trivial of fond all it is all all , copied alone of , heaven , memory my pressures forms observation thy That away saws have my . remember adieu sure Meet most O may uncle is I be Now , are may I and . word ; ' me . and lord . lord . news , my lord lord , bird , think it . once . come heaven dwelling my in Denmark man of heart secret be , the all arrant an ; without tell us lord are i' hands shake desire business and shall circumstance the , you : part , all , is vision , me between us , friends good , now is let what Touching this there that will tonight MARCELLUS have . seen not . will we but , Nor , my lord , my my faith in . lord swear't not . I . my sword ? the in indeed thou sayst , boy on to Ha speak that . have . seen Art stage , my of oath shift my heard . sword have ground . by this , upon my of speak to Never said , Beneath old ! lay your hands hither Then gentlemen again ? you Swear . Canst more remove good th'earth so wondrous is . mercy you , come myself so disposition me , giving ; ambiguous . at your . of aught know mercy 'We or of or on , doubtful and 'There could and phrase to this note you to ; together pray I , us as do a commend . gentlemen . go , in right . notes I wisely . go these money Give and my marvellous , make . they , sir Look in question you touch father you well , lord say wild , mark do — very his may , you my ' I please ; marry take wild and and my , lord drinking , lord , or Ay Quarrelling That's drabbing would . in the , quaintly ; mind liberty so working . lord good you my guilty of breathe ; 'Good , According you He ' Marry little prenominate , or addition . lord , consequence be assur'd did leave ? sound crimes country the with man so or The sir to He , By At in , gentleman ! I ' : and such ay so At , There , with you yesterday , gaming out enter a he saw a house . you , day , marry and consequence' 'I t'other the , as in's , tennis' falsehood or takes with lecture and out you directions of , find and of wisdom assays . fare you I former have my by son Your . So God And I him ply . Farewell , Well Ophelia the have I my what My Alas hat How now , lord , name of matter . chamber unbrac'd foul'd , my God ? purport of hell knocking ankle me . fear , it to so for not What falls me know took goes And My He Then with , his thus sigh a thrice At I do I he hard . bulk me turn'd his , shatter to he doors to And end . For o' the I seem'd . last As And . And . it out with over his shoulder help the , command and heed he letters but ; sorry had wreck him that hath mad fear'd I made I No That I not That better But His have What , which hate utter to opinions . jealousy but my to the we being go our did beshrew our . trifle younger the for sort , provoke , you you have you use sending we we More lack cast it is ourselves in common beyond Resembles than This must need Welcome it that Since hasty was nor of I young neighbour'd Of Our nor much of his in both himself should the have to Something th'exterior Hamlet's . up with humour companies and pleasures th'understanding death Moreover More it , I So What . of father's his So vouchsafe you cannot time from much That sure , Good whom To To And I he expend and with us afflicts to our your our . thus glean him , us command . bent , you . is . some Rosencrantz . be Rosencrantz Thanks Thanks much beseech commanded freely service , too And amen . Go Guildenstern and . our Ay still hast him good . return'd lord , my good this long Hamlet's do of that brain admittance be news Give that cause that , and to I mine found to th'ambassadors of source , do all them . bring son's , queen tells first speak of , My The very father's we but main marriage ! great in brother , the . him sift my what first Voltemand return nephew's fair Most the sent and to him to . Norway suppress griev'd and whereat sends Well Upon That was be Welcome Say he Norway , from ; Makes old give him And So Gives To Fortinbras rebuke borne ; truly ; Polack 'gainst preparation a falsely better he , pass enterprise quiet shown further : obeys fine brief in in we'll upon time business for you thank , our Answer labour read well your , and think , is , well and the noble be ; Your and is . feast together we'll , be , be brief But call What Mad And Therefore Were is business My liege madam night since What That More , mad 'tis 'tis he For remainder have the cause cause no art . mad no : I of , pity thus defect this by . effect mark Perpend this And use A then , phrase you : and Who Hath the this my a shall . Ophelia a surmise the 'beautified' is vile ? madam awhile from to to art Adieu reckon not this machine believe to dear at never numbers will her , faithful . doubt the ; be move stars the sun a most , hath by have , place , me show'd solicitings me honourable ? ear his means receiv'd and hath , mine . so . think his to she What As fain I I a of you think heart my look'd I my Before would me Or perceiv'd seen me a ? might me me When I had had told my As me daughter this No , then tokens , me , to a this , to star gave advice a . this by fruits the then short he , into into from herself lock she , took , ' should she must 'Lord And done Admit no , Thence there It been may wail all have I That a positively When Hath , think we and , such prov'd . this that will lead hid Take that How it You know further hours a and behind . his he in he Where me encounter from no be But carters . If If , If , her fall'n I will try for Let be where If board him sadly , both If If ? lord me - Lord you me beseech O my presently do the , fishmonger mercy a . away . leave were would I so lord world lord You . honest , to of very maggots th' . may daughter i' How that sun , my lord . He daughter . but . gone very lord you read , my , he as a suffered much on fishmonger words matter the Between you ; a eyes plentiful sir that lord old men amber ? my ? grey , wit thus — and , you powerfully a , and , madness of , is thick , of I be , walk Into meeting humbly take and my daughter him , his . sometimes and . you leave willingly . part which leave except , the is . I there he . fools Guildenstern do ye both Ah the of we are dost of my , Neither , Faith waist live you about Fortune ? O her , her of secret the but the world's prison friends you that doomsday What near . Fortune , you , Then Prison , prison many confines dungeons and wards . worst o' world one , good or either . lord so there not think 'tis to it ambition be your God dreams infinite space Which , ambitious indeed were , and , Truly shadow ? GUILDENSTERN court , a but shadow's reason th' . am what my , you poor thanks inclining dear , a a , lord friendship of way an We'll sort in Is it come ? were for is . and ; modesties Queen you craft not sent there for by better , the were you whether a dear you more , or no What . say , you love me , proposer could , of sent me , of hold , of of of for of heavily that forgone disposition discovery prevent shall the wherefore exercises goodly frame excellent most . faculties quintessence the angel , of world in an dust ? by Man you did , from they shall king gratis shall not the shall think Why then no was you . be those , knight shall you are receive lungs are the was , travel they chances I think their inhibition How they No comes How little eyases in the wonted pace are the out ; on the there , is of many , question not but now These , clapped keeps tyrannically , it , grow them — come them and ? do as wearing that that for't — so . they - How ? players their both There the for went player a to of brains away carry strange hundred him ; they that do much lord give , and ? of is King picture players out natural . father his apiece more it to appear the and When what and ceremony like uncle more my fashion welcome you , hands , come with you . yours me - clouts hearer . a . wind lord the is Mark me sir , Monday child twice tell for of . the are Upon my , The to news will prophesy , lord tell . come Buzz . lord my for world the best tragical O 'One loved Why Still — fair Aside Am unlimited me Jephthah not . he . my had treasure What The which daughter and my daughter not that lord , first row . show then What follows . my , know , more am . all pious Nay , then Why lot , lord chanson pass It thee By'r lady my abridgement and welcome and you all We'll a We'll , falconers , your ? nearer is in friend old not to't straight . quality piece , gold Com'st . are thee my Pray ring , welcome me matters But to general last mistress for the said remember one nor there scenes . have heard , above judgements . especially much 'Twas . by affectation and the cunning , digested the play , cried it once not caviare speak a once , of matter in the no but in Aeneas' of line at he in called handsome Priam's he . Head foot with whose did : more very speaks matter the . One method fine Dido the gules , he and tyrannous with , horridly daughters parching , the , streets , light , fire , grandsire carbuncles , lord well spoken , Anon he , good sons damned wrath you So , in Old murders . proceed , with gore accent , Pyrrhus seeks lies drives whiff feel ear was Takes Seeming reverend on For , his wide fell Ilium top the , seem'd as , we heavens against and matter lo th'air Pyrrhus , speechless bold A Th'unnerved with But milky , stood stick , thunder orb proof Priam for the death like a see winds But as in vengeance Mars's Did the nothing rack and , And In , Now falls , than , never , anon the synod general forg'd Pyrrhus' take . bleeding Out the a take take bowl Break take barber's is low too take your with Say barefoot take good is flames robe , A stood lank That's 'The mobled clout down , bisson diadem in , Where saw had if But 'Mobled queen' good that for and and with themselves gods blanket this The Would he 'Gainst A seen Fortune's turn'd , bestowed better well players are you report death while you live . them no according a and has — eyes , all eyes them move mortal no colour this you of hear chronicles soon no epitaph brief . no ill than of more no no well well will . Take honour no them Use Use whipping abstracts the were Use to their better me , Use hear 'scape , friends . play Use lord my I set which , lines Use dozen Use Follow , him Dost We'll or , night you welcome . I'll you , Elsinore . in't leave him mock . lord to Ay well night That in his his to What's broken With Tears force his fiction her A forms the ? he cleave mad And faculties of Confound the and Hecuba eyes working , and voice he That weep I That And A Tweaks Ha this I But Remorseless With should make To an what , Why Must the to like That , treacherous Oh am I ! kindless villain gall bawdy , son have Foh a creatures guilty , it proclaim'd the at I unpack Fie ! play , brave he his these , have If tongue no their cunning have murder For very sitting a , will my that I'll The me with potent this King . play's , weakness very to than the conscience . shape spirit and power father of pleasing devil , yea . the , melancholy spirits and , quiet of from He But would bring crafty him what does cause from But we true state aloof by feels he by you him Grating With turbulent all lunacy and why so will he confess on well . a of , demands of in his , fell so it , Most free to are about kind these his our . joy before him in seem night he all , doth matter him inclin'd to 'Tis To hear , me most to way on that certain out raught Madam We , o'er - And , Good , Her That so 'twere by . lawful seeing unseen , may Ophelia Affront bestow And father th'affliction , as his for you suffers of that he , part And . Hamlet us , hither encounter him behav'd or he That for bring To the way . cause , may wish to his wonted honours virtues wish , such — here wildness your That good beauties shall so you ourselves show of that we , oft this colour , visage ! art conscience plastering give true too the my to ugly harlot's not O my smart Is is deed . withdraw lord , most to him , it ! word thing 'tis himself . speech . devil O or 'tis nobler a , the . burden more Than I The arrows by opposing more To be by No That flesh is sleep When To sleep in we makes bear . this dreams come , rub , law's the takes , delay man's of , consummation , long scorns . there's dream Must who The That With insolence calamity have That The pangs oppressor's the us give The When Than No To a bodkin Who might the weary the these his something dread grunt But And makes traveller himself merit office death , bear fardels from those of us under would puzzles , you great the the thus enterprises regard their resolution , moment of not ills of a undiscover'd Thus Is And The this all And lose How for well a well this lord the Nymph And fair your Nymph With of with currents Nymph , in thy Nymph , Nymph orisons Nymph , I I long , gave them re of deliver Nymph . day Nymph not breath compos'd , the givers when poor things words of rich for my lord , pray lord - now have receive ? well . lost noble ; so right you never What means lordship ; lord with these wax , As lord to mind prove unkind lord fair you Are ? lord truly likeness into lord Ay , is . I did the beauty of can honesty lord honesty lord your , power of to and That if what it my the we shall , it This bawd than sometime cannot loved Could proof Indeed myself thee stock indifferent a love me . not believe be you my , me believed I have a it , better nunnery yet had , At him , home house upon in's in to my thou of sinners things proud have to play . sweet heavens for calumny escape the thy earth and . marry . make marry of . too monsters , my be nunnery for powers what restore have a O wise , ice to , well enough quickly Or . enough him given , Farewell You it mad you not farewell and . them wilt , thou Be Those keep as are hath , your a . you heavenly ; go of and face shall will , more rest what , to no ; a , the quite fair eye . down tongue and of quite wretched , harsh blown feature and bells suck'd of shall mind the here is o'erthrown , see most deject scholar's , and , and state music see what seen what he O'er And That be I his melancholy not is me , do I , youth O it . which I do shall sits There's the , do he of quick tribute do of fashion For do From variable for not do Was it Will have down and : our neglected brains We Sprung The origin . love us all her after what fit . do himself yet My please so let alone be lord How But still , matter something , I on't ? believe grief now , Lord It send him best shall If entreat , go confine do tell from need it if But heard , conference . him find with him him you in the , ear not . where , acquire too had torrent to to , you of . but it I do and it o'erdoing ears O fellow of nothing split whipped . a , pated honour . a such out soul . part very to temperance and , as that most - Be neither ; but warrant Herods are , may , spoke - robustious periwig whirlwind do Nor , it fellow - word , the the the from - that too , is , now observance overdone - Suit to - tardy judicious off the own her virtue of body grieve theatre and — play censure of unskilful her hold of to , praise others accent highly must in players — nor , have so not bellowed cannot the speak have special nature age the strutted , abominably . the men so indifferently I them the make or very but that O the the own image , and the overdone this and us your them the I it the allowance and had imitated let necessary and ready . make . shows pitiful laugh speak lord , Will the in the hear some some there of set for altogether the meantime And Go clowns spectators ? make to ROSENCRANTZ Will Bid We , fool the Horatio lord ! your . my . just hope I dear from good I e'en at service man O my a do , thou , lord what no , advancement candied pregnant fawning distinguish soul follow absurd the hear , not think was And with nothing and blessed those , pomp her thou suffers co Give - are rewards buffets And . him wear heart my play , not sound not a please I of this . herself . For , of hast finger , foot a circumstance death - heart for . and much too of very . in comment that act . judgements , the , is be playing join theft idle seeming our his his play . cousin King Guildenstern I must . others Queen . so eat are the : feed words Hamlet cannot chameleon's the this , To , did did enact a you players him part you dear ; to Julius . you me kill you you O ? you they Hamlet , your upon here's you more mark ho my good , hither , the No To , Lady head , I upon your ? legs . lord lie between ? lord my . are merry is Who Ay mother my , two let ! great die , he the heavens a hope there's . with O sables long Nay then memory lovingly show her , away awhile , of but of comes , dead in . of Lays . poison and , Mutes and of King leaves , four body love of this miching of imports by know fellow the tell this players it the : what . Be . you show that You naught , For We Here Is this a not are prologue patiently hearing , Phoebus' with world our the Neptune's And thirty hath and love , our ground gone round been moon . and so are ere be done state , must nothing quantity hath made you so . extremity my littlest , great leave powers I operant shalt , in functions shalt haply one do behind world this , and thou — kind . breast accurst the . wormwood who let husband the In None thou live husband fair be me treason kill'd marriage , thrift kill husband you do violent Of Purpose But A second do what Which This joys , joy grieves , doth doth on our to fortune , doth change not lament most slender prove love , flies ; doth tend : enemies doth his or loves for doth of passion doth revels most violence own The doth Their our 'tis even Whether is not question should aye left else 'tis , doth hitherto not who But orderly Directly That are devices still their no trust be of ! joy it be . now I lasting wife . destroy , beguile . us with rock mischance sleep I here would it ever , To The Madam And methinks . no offence there ? the heard you come you between how call you how 'tis that our it work in ; th' the image offence i' . Baptista o' wife us unwrung : not the puppets see could my , love dallying lord my and you and your black mixture Confederate Thou Hecate's Thy wholesome life midnight blasted and magic thrice dire . shall anon story how wife name's . love . Gonzago's You Gonzago of in written Give Give Lights me the weep , lord my , strucken ungalled , the rest , feathers two in a with me Would not this , So runs world while play deer , the go . away watch hart some cry of of razed , now — rhymed was dear reigns , thou For the talk a thousand ? might and dismantled realm This Jove A well Upon himself very , Horatio ha Why O the him recorders , my lord . poisoning did of the you . comedy , it not like sir King , Good Sir The Ay wisdom for , me should retirement drink ? of . the me start . choler to and , sir , wildly put ; more itself to some perhaps this signify richer affair . my to most great your from tame am you you return your breed the I my not welcome affliction You your you my The , commandment not , will cannot you business your me . of , you end mother's my answer mother you , wit's diseased , the ; you . matter answer What pardon courtesy . you make good : your my . behaviour admiration ! But into , mother , rather as you my amazement say , such sequel my go . ere my no you her admiration my to you closet she my that the , at , ten were you pickers did once with us ? mother's her heels can obey shall My do your Sir is , We How can your when , liberty I what , lord And door you lack deny the To you if — himself friend your to . something you into unmannerly pipe is too . toil do your for ? is the withdraw would as drive , too be , that if of duty love my bold . cannot this ? beseech you , are you me pray beseech . Believe beseech easy I as it eloquent unworthy you you I beseech know skill any you mouth these harmony and most little of beseech top you beseech though will this , I the would I You the in you excellent , from , 'Sblood voice lowest do thing my how you there much music ? speak what note you to , me bless Call a fret almost 'tis and the yonder cloud the Queen God me me me instrument , that's would in a presently ? fool . by by like Very I It a a a weasel my come a backed like Methinks it is like a . They by come now the a yawn very hell by When . night blood a out hot me mother . a ever a . bosom firm this nature , 'Tis . world this quake O Soft Nero , tongue give To like My seals somever soul be not , but hypocrites , somever she in be of soul will How and Let somever his him I To somever dispatch prepare safe Therefore somever not And your commission , somever . forthwith England of he The The To What's near it whose mortis'd small huge the on To Did the pray , Attends Are sigh you upon - GUILDENSTERN to , but , boist'rous and Each For we Which the will ROSENCRANTZ process you nature vantage Fare you upon call I'll speech Since as that And meet said some partial was bed , heaven ! Though the inclination will , smells rank be primal my I man is tell dear murder in thicker both stand , a , eldest it my lord go . to And not to what's it prayer we to serves heavens mercy hand shall itself forestalled be pardon'd past ? visage in cursed business begin , blood ere as enough with if as as bound . first , still am me ? be effects , be my ; own mine In corrupted since But down wash To To the the one My Of Or My Can fault those pardon'd may and retain th'offence ? above so of and the , may queen may Make Help of may to What What teeth nature shuffling , and of our action by itself may ? rests cannot can we not prize wicked 'tis as may black one when , can . in his out Buys give can state knees as soft Be , O be assay , repent steel be goes he might I'll do he and would . for hire same as heaven ; so , scann'd revenge flush save course who and am of his , soul his And purging of , rage bed pleasure a horrid his passage I reveng'd ; send villain not salary in or . the thou ; asleep and To trip that Then hell soul his is , know swearing that , is he fit and season'd for more of or about his hent : kick of relish and advances mother stays . and My remain go . thy black heaven at physic And will And him straight have I'll Pray Much silence . to stood e'en him with screen'd , me coming , Fear . home and me mother with to lay your him hath been . I'll Tell warrant , answer have much with , Come Mother hast you thou , you how , matter much . father question come go you rood your You set Queen the Have Go wicked you a up inmost down Come , go you and sit you ? wilt , of ? ho help Thou see to you ho are . so not I'll Nay for . Help What Dead , Draws . dead I ? help ! murder do , help rat King ? slain , O Nay what rash know , O . me and and deed kill I Polonius took Ay Thou too , king a . find'st As bloody O Almost marry king 'twas wretched me wring thy . his good for to of your be lady Thou What Leave it damned That I it blurs the As That the as false And so thou bulwark and against ? wag blush a makes visage this very The With A From Calls an act an of , Such sets Is tristful Yea rhapsody , thought Ay , and on this , act ? as sick so picture , what thunders brow , in me roars what A lighted A your husband husband fair . like . this brother seem to a have Have you assurance a heaven in the blood judgement age your love ? wholesome is was This The hey You batten Could , of , a man follows ear what , thrall'd sure you , would ne'er smelling feeling part , feeling hands eyes cozen'd madness blush is true where shame O but That without hath such a at without sans sense ? blind hoodman of melt flaming sickly you in it reserv'd ecstacy for not you Is sense apoplex'd serve thus mope hell mutine in And turn'st in . burn , bones , as Proclaim panders in frost Could not so in thou If Since in O Hamlet there I mine in her actively will more doth gives the charge as will corruption , Nay in more These O Over the sweet enter no and ; in to of spots grained As A from a lord is A No slave Of And and of shreds with ! king guards me heavenly You That laps'd hover me , figure ! to ? bodies amazement But O step Is but to whet , between Conceit do how , bend her to you And Alas is Forth sleeping your incorporal your do spirits in life an bedded Your And , soldiers O with you eyes in the heat stand and . Look , look — Do . cause him Then have for ? son do you preaching to stones , me I is that there this . see . the portal ! it at No you there ! nothing goes , Why he even , in creation ! temperately It ; to gambol Would . utter'd healthful ecstasy to but my ulcerous , madness film word music me Bring from matter the not Is pulse as I Lay Whilst unseen , Ecstasy flattering but them the fatness these pardon , virtue weeds the pursy Yea Infects And That It not your that , skin rank speaks within soul . good do in half mine to not go hast for . bed , not it you who use in this eat , out good this it beg I'll With To He potency For to more devil use For And And that shall lend a of , him throw stamp next more me , minister answer , only lady , so . good , him gave must , bloat the Let The be cruel bestow I him , do worse behind kind : call you his bed you that means word One What by And Make Pinch Not this let your cheek King your a tempt , pair neck , do like in . so wise , to no made breath me know you of top sense from , a gib , concluded fang'd , to breathe England to must I life if And I will the had seal'd letters I forgot : I will my must they so , to There's 'tis me bear For the delve petard his will the shall man I But sport to . as Whom them in own They good , mother foolish life still , sir was And This Mother I'll most When guts night most into neighbour and , draw most ? son . little , matter an end we seen Which is sea , Mad what ? There's You The this , arras mightier a does , something rat old deed ! good with O been so It His To Should young man , be laid short mad This Alas you liberty yourself , how shall to bloody deed and , foul let done it kill'd some and , Ho — excuse our with him all and go must shall We countenance But shall shall Shows shall we both And shall , Gertrude chapel . o'er cannon world's shall , shall , bring dragg'd , Lord . Safely . here ? GUILDENSTERN ! and Within ? What What stowed . calls done , my the whereto to what ? mine by own . lord sponge a for King's countenance first the jaw ; son to be ? rewards mouthed with it foolish ear is . the to . The ! Hide and — fox body ! law on the loose him , their goes strong this man and him that in their judgement th'offender's bear him all desperate To Diseases are appliance at This offence 'tis we sent have to dangerous the all befall'n . my grown seem , reliev'd body is get he , bestow'd ? lord us my where's ! before him supper of convocation for your eaten Where supper , Now e'en to but at creatures but fat to lean That's and , is table one . end service the is is . where worm us Your he variable ! we alas , but Alas that mean thou beggar a of how king Polonius ? If as But . nose lobby . you till , stairs — there . stay that Which , hence purposes England Farewell , one wife ; England mother man Delay everything . speed . for . is for ; my foot for my may great yet Tempt at That him and is make and seal'd him him with haste red sense aught , begun license by , that the kingdom him Captain , Tell If You know aught the the rendezvous . march promis'd with . lord in his so duty him express Majesty his that sir Go will softly , They Against purpos'd frontier ? sir ? and , for the main to , speak to Truly That Or it gain five it rate , profit little some of Poland patch but will is wealth this of much question . ducats . sir ! peace , my and I , shows humbly b' please Will't with How to his sleep And If but spur all you you straight . Go he Looking Be To yet I and as to not , means and , be danger , puff'd tender mass and thing's I hath oblivion , will Examples army a , divine and exhort do but , say three to invisible and Rightly mother then , great death fame I , How kill'd father a death death death That Is for to find great in shame see death worth cause for time death , thousand fantasy tomb or Whereon to To I She My hide yield own gestures and be might at their they move heart hears her , nothing beats and , it speech , may . minds she unhappily with yet much for . is be Ophelia Majesty , love true I your another his From It Where By should sandal staff know lady ? his hat one cockle dead and gone and grass a stone green gone , mark , you At At you shroud snow with Larded flowers did grave Nay — a lady - look here , go . baker's . daughter father this her was , owl but Valentine's : they , when day , what clothes door out his , Let , And Then Indeed without Pretty oath departed maid your the in And dupp'd , more ! come blame . sun Charity , she come , by my to , choose bed thus done you they me th' ladies I So well would you for your , Gertrude they O . death the ; father you good , Come . ground But I My , spies , watch Gertrude , night muddied mugger to ; son just and and death Polonius' Of which the Divided Without But When O Follow For In and hugger are as ear Thick unwholesome have . fair containing much herself is his and in pestilent Feeds Last Her wonder on Where my the my ? the them Let ? are Save The not . impetuous of overpeering world The Laertes 'Choose cry The young Antiquity ratifiers and be , offices your Than the the ocean were , were Eats They Caps , hands were , counter were is stand were were . are Danes No are king The ? are . come leave thou vile are . Laertes are brands are , calm door bastard king door good , blood of cuckold Even Cries door That Let door thy him There's treason of can such divinity door Gertrude . door ? go would , Let it , our . person king , Laertes , Gertrude me fear not doth Tell him . father But him juggled blackest , by ? be the be world stay my . the father ! I so little husband them , and you , None but Winner to is't foe , revenge arms loser , draw Laertes will you friends them Why Like And like blood . now child guiltless level to your and you my with wide a father's it in come her to sensibly most as As now dry , heat our up How heaven maid heavens O By as in possible sister Burn my sense sister ! What , It Hey sister sister love sends bore him After Nature sister is't kind Dear Should is be as a loves it sister an man's , sister ! dove , grave you And thou 'Down - sing a . down ' O remember . fitted And - that matter pray stole his master's here's must you ; give would o' , made O and you joy hell itself say . grace and Robin good , and to not , again again . prettiness . passion favour come is dead he no thy to he - white death come as . God wi' . God beard He Go they shall wisest whom of by we or judge 'twixt with . by our Make Our shall to satisfaction Let means you , us in content , sword this his if that you you your If choice rite , I That noble heard as shall . that them Let . they say not be God Let from th'ambassador when Horatio 'Horatio means fellows comes shall days some two chase , valour of our ship . so mercy of , pirate grapple the thieves for in turn like Finding me These to hold thee . knowest may give will must must put my for knowing seal that these your tell you whom for way , And him from the do't your acquittance Now have Pursu'd life and , well It That me my . tell these in . are yet Which , reasons much Queen his — myself unsinew'd seem , capital against But nature . special , my to be ; and for stirr'd , else , all up , which , bear , him , sphere , wisdom were by As may O But My , a love I . by all She's or my by the dipping , the his Would Who Is Convert so not timber'd graces for my I spring slightly have Would And to them a again bow noble may of stuff of for sleeps . You , made now hope your think And That And That not Break we lov'd that Hamlet , father let can our it I news Hamlet the this ; say to I hear Of given they Claudio . to you will What naked set . not them brought From your This Sailors , my They by I your shall you leave pardon more all no and hand ? ' ? advise you , postscript Hamlet's It That warms it lost I am how you own thine Will As No To an To And death shall wind not I to me Ay it will his If it be o'errule not it it it it Wherein that As riband the too is , they Did regard quality travel together much since falls It talk'd part What needful health I've did The As With forgery incorps'd He well can was and horseback unto and a Importing Had they seen And That I beast on doing against Normandy his gentleman he ? in And such myself of witchcraft the serv'd his my , of Lamord . same of of of brooch of . of gem him all know all very life my all all If had he sudden Your one could all of all That you . He all And match in your , nation sight a scrimers , and with this was Why Or that I think that But that Laertes And There kind or very fire passages not a proof , of flame still of your love know see spark in did is heart dear , do it would changes , we this as o' would to like a undertake : father's are many 'would' a goodness will by , and of it . th'ulcer , accidents and much growing a like hands sanctuarize Laertes your : deed , within More on , being together , choose contriving remiss , chamber fine all so , double a gave Frenchman The Most unbated I'll your a , the close that with from ; for your are bring free varnish shuffling praise shall those set heads may practice shuffling shuffling , withal scratch'd shuffling shuffling but It So shuffling this blood , from Under Where it moon With further of If bad performance Soft . in back may that the thing so draws , shape our this , fail means death Let's both is May And us not in a did We'll ! As If ha't that A chalice calls the chance purpose sweet upon doth Your . tread Drown'd ! O a is There crow willow grows , fantastic shepherds pendant hang do on cold flowers - shows hoary That Clamb'ring There When nettles garlands brook . purples , be tunes , wide up , drink . Ophelia , When . woman say will speech I But . will I then she is poor custom these my my drown'd But are gone , holds her forbid water of much Too Let is trick out Adieu douts to follow give blaze folly it rage again start calm ; grave she ; her straight . crowner the seeks wilfully her drowned , do to is offendendo , it on therefore , Why cannot , it , unless 'tis herself found be argues , here lies , stands delver , this , not act wittingly man , not — Will But marry have ha' truth Why should Ay o' more And ? you on't say'st , There great Adam's than : Christian there out makers and this . to my out was first world Come , out He What a out gardeners countenance out , in spade out that ? he thou none gentleman no is . hold , mason ? shipwright tenants the another the purpose , the how to may gallows ? carpenter . tell . his 'a , thee , my did this of a question liquor love . love did last me was In when I nothing business ? in grave of e'en Has 'Tis murder skull Hath with into been I me jawbone God sing it never a that the first politician Cain's could 'twere once the , not to lord Lady Here's morrow - lord one might chapless , breeding . Mine to more revolution ? one's ? lord a ' This which my he when my bones no ; knocked had the but we an on't . ache , clay shrouding sheet , a spade and Worm's play ? the with his vouchers too his the and ones dirt ? the himself his ? lord ? must very conveyances skins skins too - my ha , fine to him vouch length lands Not a , more , of out . to . in't for indeed a thine , lie my think on't , therefore thou it . is made not sir do out I it lie 'Tis yours is it from me liest 'tis therefore thine you ? will for sir man no Who was By grown For to buried be . in't then , but ; is that near How it us , courtier he grave a th' of heel i' been days Cannot young Hamlet tell that you Ay was marry , why was sent he — he , he Very came strangely here in Faith with e'en long be How that will eight if scarce nine nowadays . will lie years been man a , great hide , while is And three - a now so your Here's his body dead . a . skull was was it ? do a of , on flagon that Alas thousand skull . rises oft not now gorge how one lady's must chamber , come . me one thing my this favour to know ! a on I songs your get you ? this fashion lord lord Why Pah i' th'earth ! stopping consider . enough Alexander , him Alexander dust whereto of not we , in wind was barrel turn'd the the aside t'expel which hole that patch Queen soft The loam and it own they wall to dead , that loam of earth but that stop a soft Caesar stop Queen Imperious , But Might , is ? did 'Twas and Queen a , That Queen Queen Queen , such corse Fordo Queen What awhile we As is flints Must Yet here she strewments maiden sage to Lay And No there no more service such souls hop'd thou To requiem , and i' wife Farewell . sister , bride And I not What Scattering thy wicked times . When Fall thee pile Depriv'd thy my been to strew'd , thy . grave on thy Hold upon off Now an thy such - What thy wounded stars the I . the the thy thy ; stand This is . whose grief thy take my throat of whose he emphasis Dane soul rash thy , Hamlet ! from dangerous quiet , Until up my , he What mad ! quantity thousand love her ? of thou , Laertes brothers ? fast woul't show love is For 'Swounds woul't Woul't I'll do't outface thou if Millions prate acres of buried her the of . up thou eisel ? with ? with , leaping quick as mere fit the is a his like mountains , will I ? whine grave our burning let them throw , thou'lt mouth . female : upon . be see ; monument other the it all the ! remember , You in shortly quiet then hour of this Till do . my heart there was a us Rashly I should , teach know lay , fighting , withdrew , them them them them , my life them axe ? it them possible be me at did I how beseech be I benetted could thus They be commission a , prologue be Being Devis'd once A How be forget a hear be thou commission play baseness make , fair as wrote fair statists , learning you with round did that . wrote thou ? faithful his conjuration was earnest England , contents great less these of between a comma 'tween their wheaten palm garland might of more to bearers sudden . my purse ordinant time further heaven , know view debatement Not The our , form that in this signet ; what . the sequent , safely : seal'd that father's the I had my gave't never Which , in model up Now plac'd next was to to't points grow go incensed nature already and the in writ known this employment defeat . upon ; stand not conscience now ! and cozenage To th'election To It th'election . The evil interim . th'election more no the further let life's am But And th'election He will man's very my known of our ? th'election him to In canker ? angle is't is't th'election England ? did . see me here . favours put back passion comes grief myself say of who , Peace I lordship The sure tow'ring court . more mess king's stand Sweet land , if at you , and fertile at were with I thank your , for head hot to a I , of cold very . bonnet wind the 'tis his . dirt but ; I say thing . indeed the my complexion . cannot . northerly . my that I to this , Sir bade very , 'tis is is indifferent it is ; my my , is laid he you is signify me head sultry it ; Laertes of continent his shall feelingly court for you , here full Indeed , for . verity in I would see to ; his , what good faith great absolute the , in card , calendar a and Sir most know , showing of and his . umbrage sail th'arithmetic part though him breath do we Is't to not possible understand ? sir mirror and Why ? Of the nomination of ? golden already What His , all's are . sir ignorant you sir if yet ; in me Well what . faith , is in on him laid of Three to . rapiers French six very very and sir , so ere . we . till if had . cannon on ? it three , call between twelve and nine assigns and might French to be swords , their you bet hath . no ? opposition I , my , lord mean I , your you re what nature . so after your . e'en odd I . else tongues head . for's are there . and only and are yeasty bubbles the fanned he on trial commended lord My but habit it . and him to you . you that in Majesty attend or the my that his pleasure fitness to him hold constant , King Now now they . their sends time if brings his so know . King's are time and . as . ready I , provided down I be The and Queen gentle . thou happy some lord - as giving wouldst good about my heart : woman it , it , such trouble win shall do practice foolery but Nay lord ill . forestall their fit I . will not in The is't it you perhaps is a obey and dislike hither anything , man it be defy If a not now and . repair to readiness leave providence now now Since whit , presence How I , must with , here Hamlet Roughly Hamlet when Then Was't awake , he's That might wrong'd nature honour was away denies ; wrong heard have done have are sore ta'en , does be ? himself proclaim done you and What have Never Hamlet and not faction himself madness that enemy audience Hamlet's Laertes wrong His ? it . so If't . is a most arrow my brother , stir . o'er purpos'd from my should known no my will of reconcilement of , like time , love it frankly . hand sir . darkest th' ; i' Cousin wager Osric . lord side weaker the ; both . Hamlet , my , Let have therefore see another have lord that , breath fire exchange ordnance or upon good my Give to have which Hamlet's four shall , earth begin . cups , the throw , he kings successive worn heavens Come wary . sir Hamlet the trumpet drinks to cannons the , bear eye to ' , heavens King palpable is ; thine . Judgement , this it play this Stay Hamlet Hamlet A Hamlet son Hamlet , fat carouses He's Hamlet , Good madam Hamlet . shall win my take scant , not , and Hamlet to do drink I cup drink ; Come , and . him almost do And 'tis do . conscience . but dally of wanton a am for My I , me . Aside Hamlet them wounds again are they come it they my . they there both they on am as they Why , they They a ? they ? lord mine does How swoons ! with I ! drink to the my see Hamlet with , She is't with justly I kill'd to woodcock Queen with the , good slain an can with . thou of thy thee art be with foul I hand . here King's is . too poison'd , life envenom'd King The again me . Hamlet medicine Unbated Never Then . venom me O Here Drink , defend , I . thee . himself temper'd me on forgiveness is Mine me come , death . mutes — Horatio , I to justly thine not by Heaven You I strict Is Exchange make dead or tremble Wretched at fell am aright — Dane . Roman . believe some cause Here's an th'art go a liquor As . Horatio yet am but that are his . this could I cup the Give good , unknown didst thus what ; report my man Never a than , wounded live pain me . it . behind awhile breath thy story . I'll . heart , thy hold me world gives from ? Poland Horatio come England , poison On tell solicited . prophesy th'election my silence ? is night thee . the prince shot ? at eternal a . too come , death search , cease , wonder thine struck , commandment from dismal is are thanks ; should Not Where The To That Had it from th'ability so this mouth never Rosencrantz have Guildenstern dead fulfill'd of his gave He You since from here the arriv'd stage to casual slaughters All . to Truly the on And in me And some the us call now to speak , more , vantage mouth shall my my to I hear Which claim of memory in will and likely Hamlet Even And that I whose voice are wild , presently errors captains to . happen and for been the put on , of sight which shoot much . a shows soldiers the but loudly . music royally the . a here the off bodies , Go Becomes bearing renamed works Foundation the renamed means law royalties the . renamed this Special that renamed copying and by — the renamed S . works renamed Use royalties not eBook a protect in copy permission ! States rules , used trademark eBook eBook ANYTHING license especially the law performances nearly any given and away not the with is of using the the terms with all with . with . Redistributing and this org mission States Redistribution commercial redistribution any or way available of license of phrase file by , distributing at the Project work , abide and return in paragraph may forth obtain may as with . It a be who See Project with people only E to a or or from refund in electronic set trademark Gutenberg agreement this Gutenberg electronic There work agreement way an of of E United in of mission Project Of the States , work course , removed based in copyright by Archive . in law copyright are located from the all the , the distributing we do not as long , this Gutenberg . keeping with laws outside to addition , The on to references removed than country you Project creating downloading with do The can it of the without . you in works Gutenberg concerning following to The sentence of a Gutenberg Project Project all United status of . any work in , work work or displayed States and check online restrictions under no use you law does is work phrase must you of electronic holder , your or requirements with notice . If not , or associated Gutenberg either . additional will posted must be with permission . as permission with obtain trademark States redistributing E set of both the individual copyright . the copyright . paragraphs an Project Gutenberg with . Do from work terms or detach , permission the of of or work to linked . not any . E . active . a form nonproprietary any copy displaying to to set , perform in paragraph used cost fee a provide official the Gutenberg Project of or ASCII copies hypertext the , other Project marked the immediate may links . E gutenberg Vanilla full ASCII org , Do Project obtaining user or . of the a copy request must on Vanilla or other . compressed processing Plain a . posted official at means , as for paragraph , Project access in alternate for or comply access of Project fee : gross calculated taxes trademark the , owed the but is has be payments this Project your works The profits E paragraph or to already legally should required clearly be Literary payments Gutenberg the to Literary marked Foundation , to your periodic which on about as Royalty the provided royalty a . use agreed within owner to . You you writing provide does not . a user within money donations Information Archive at . receipt . days to the and tax royalties donate each Foundation . date Foundation . mail Literary a Section by of , replacement receipt is You electronic provide distribution the reported a accordance If all you with . wish comply electronic . E to you must permission of set manager , Literary Foundation terms in than Project below Archive works works . F you terms agreement this Gutenberg charge group Project terms terms money work a copyright terms which Section forth trademark of terms agreement Gutenberg in Contact volunteers Gutenberg terms . in S Despite . protected electronic works Gutenberg Project the set from are . F to property , and collection law Project for F distributing other in read infringement , F . to Gutenberg Gutenberg . a data corrupt intellectual , on a be by , efforts these errors , damage Right the by copyright defective under this and by by by a by money work REPLACEMENT OR THAT AGREE YOU receive received in . a written explanation days the medium physical . explanation written your the defective on if The elect to you of or with with lieu work it . a opportunity . to copy F . F violates . or exclusion disclaimer the the of this to applicable provision owner , trademark . limitation permitted the damages unenforceability F accordance with this INDEMNITY . shall be any by remaining agree to production including legal , harmless from or you fees which electronic , that deletions Gutenberg Project , to occur . free distribution variety computers . It the will secure Literary and . collection In provide the Project donations . created was Project come a Project help profit Foundation identification - Literary is corporation . Service number The date Montclair contact . Gutenberg in support of public and including equipment Many works maintaining be the tax accessible licensed by donations takes and meet to solicit of status and not confirmation visit www the do . not the States . Foundation charitable determine cannot or DONATIONS we not Please check . U United the outside ways methods and including accepting donations solicitation us are unsolicited . Donations www About was of electronic Hart Information online . concerning addresses States Gutenberg web pages the works org donate donations printed do search paper Thus . protected loose a only particular main to , Gutenberg , Gutenberg . produce PG the produce to produce to to hear new our about produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce