there ? yourself , King Stand and unfold the ? live . bitter heart you Have a Well my do , good Horatio , quiet guard I had mouse And them watch meet my , Holla you ? night reliev'd has Barnardo , who you Marcellus good Welcome of , have again seen I this Welcome That Therefore will He may eyes come night . hold seen along , him of tonight thing fortified our ears — all of , assail again nights against are so we we down burns his now it made Had break The off then . Look where like bell course ; King speak beating thee , scholar harrows figure It that warlike Denmark speak night time this it be . It Most Looks it like Did Stay art with the ? march , I . look ! believe ! pale ? and ! more think What this will You ! this ! hour . I by . Polacks strange 'Tis what bodes some gross , and and strange such scope to my work tell me that state , not opinion . cannon brazen whose from labourer inform . so cast subject strict toils same So nightly mart the week last Fortinbras appear'd goes even toward Sunday shipwrights the , who him , his seal'd Hamlet , to of our ; conqueror competent return'd , cov'nant had to , the of inheritance , of life world most which by his a moiety the , lands , there and here and , young full hot , the unimproved food stomach of the For Hath fell And been carriage ; as article of , of doth But As hath Shark'd To Against the which King Hamlet by sir Norway Now enterprise is which unto this of motive . well it lost main - in so the the and those hand : it land but this it Is The Of watch I was and it is the preparations I watch head . watch , take , And , watch watch ; in gibber the tenantless trains the sun and squeak The mote watch most high mightiest moist of blood , Rome mind's Julius fell , wars these the streets empire with in Upon Was stars Disasters As But , blast and countrymen demonstrated , comes it . me or to of use thing . Stay be . me , ease good to again Lo soft , I'll If cross if happily Speak do any If may thee be it behold though thou hast That there , Or , art O say of , speak uphoarded womb of earth , thy oft in Do it . here do offer is the show air , when mockery violence a like cock the speak invulnerable , of , malicious have the morn throat , warning , abroad stir dare , cock crowing , on or day and . to strike ; long comes that is all so nor say they hallow'd and wholesome made 'gainst of the truth hies herein probation And object nights then our ever season spirit is in russet have seen my high by part and do in yon up watch the I spirit Hamlet to , we young impart our you , our us loves , I this , morning . conveniently life , hill it , Voltemand . death and , Attendant brother's us of , grief contracted in Lords ; our that dear befitted whole it him woe . our queen , nature on with , kingdom fought think ourselves state with which funeral one In Holding , weak by late supposal of wife better affair wisdoms ; weighing and along . For have we and have our out our , you delight mirth in , and dirge death frame , Fortinbras all nor , him writ hears : to are suppress levies the , duty your . allow articles , no dilated let of you haste personal than commend ; herein with your CORNELIUS things , the these ; all : will we farewell heartily and doubt , And told You not throne is The hand And Have From show I and your wrung petition give slow leave will be my pardon France done , at consent go ; my hard time Laertes cousin more clouds still the off thy you kind my thy son — and , spend best thy do fair , thine it Hamlet than the lord , Hamlet a Denmark , on vailed thy nighted colour that father look , I am too hang . than . the lives all , common for through it , with particular thee I it ; mother be to 'tis 'Tis seems , lost a father , term persevere survivor , show father , But is to a unmanly incorrect for to heaven , bound father in mourning your obsequious stubbornness will unfortified most . duties your your some obligation lost , must give It shows do To his a mind impatient grief course and , thing 'Tis understanding any As we should heart to heart the we , our simple most know An a , For must be and is dead fathers Fie and pray you that who a , let immediate less school retrograde you . For bears to the world of corse reason of unprevailing most I going no our our to remain . Hamlet . Hamlet fair come reply ; best best Wittenberg madam . best , best Come shall clouds drinks unforc'd Denmark loving best my a all best . in and 'tis cannon best that heart and , again bruit ! God O - self to That it Seem Fie to a — nay all fie should much to my to so that loving the So Possess weary stale the , slaughter resolve . that That to Hyperion His face two merely seed grows ; it beteem ; so him mother this ! had Heaven winds and appetite and ; increase on't that — most a month , she or followed — married but Hercules salt flushing incestuous it with wants longer in With not is break It My Like Would to . to post to cannot I to forget do The Horatio to what And to Sir , your And I'll to — you Wittenberg from , my even Good make my of ear say wedding father's your fellow mother's marriage foe I student - my forth , was , had , a him he methinks my mind's saw I look I not once , man him was lord King your I Saw Who think for a saw ? his goodly . all yesternight him like father father , admiration marvel hear you love This my the attent King my a may gentlemen my , my A Barnardo on . waste dead the Been my my Two my slow their By at before stately and Marcellus In truncheon's jelly , dumb Almost to and speak length by , figure and these gentlemen had surprised , watch . your more I this was are comes But not where where watch did . loud speak we up then even And sound the cock sight . to it ? methought once crew it morning did ? it . of , and my you To , BARNARDO MARCELLUS Arm'd , lord watch tonight true 'tis this . lord my say but . up his , constantly you upon , red ? you much I ? saw't . his no have you warrant watch 'twill I will Perchance it will . I'll If will the sit all the still as in play them : foul is were ! come ; not well . not a minute , more No suppliance but Think , not , the no sweet youth and trifling , of waxes , alone and , now you must besmirch , which honour may far particular wisdom your As May The He Carve sanctity may himself , subject on his his persons circumscrib'd choice be of for health so you , sustain is and believe he loves you that he voice and Then says place no Denmark ; goes . further his . near keep brother , heaven do way But good good though lies none ungracious reckless thorny of . not here father my O I Whilst the his own a second double for sail aboard for is , dalliance rede . comes grace , tried vulgar tongue , you your blessing shame . hoops palm with by but thy with soul in thy thy . steel their but beware reserve purse but , censure thy Costly not they the a And For each that man's Bear't every express'd in : my blessing take ; Ophelia said to , and memory And you , have you I do time Farewell invites . of . you tell me yourself honour the daughter truth daughter made . many daughter green girl ? daughter daughter , fool poor the of daughter wind , not to sterling teach ta'en , he . the you'll Tender crack have it Running are — Or Ay , given almost you Ay And Set command And Believe much a of your rate , both time this Lord Hamlet presence is he Ophelia , a From extinct , how may In . parley For a that This from plain to you Breathing of that in sanctified of ; vows and with ; ways young ; or charge As Look give Have better like not I so , shall and an the my lord very it obey to't The air It King The drum , wake tonight swaggering of , his upspring Rhenish out . reels bray his a of drains does and his he kettle Is is't custom though , than breach the born the mind the and traduc'd heavy This - drunkards headed revel and and Ay , manner east other our perform'd tax'd of with it native a nations takes at attribute men it nature they of chances So for some pith achievements of in . am my honour'd : phrase swinish men ; origin the I some Nature's by As By Or breaking nature of The His the o'ergrowth down of of , particular of are mole of Look of my From Shall To own substance of of or ministers lord scandal it and thou with King Let will father not me , their the , corse beyond and we in fools of our do ? mean this and ! the of souls we with ? Wherefore go you what with some To Look waves not As It a me , speak with ? fear Do , if What That It do And for my And to waves set , immortal . summit flood beneath beetles looks Which might assume you there into madness some his o'er motive place many roar fathoms sovereignty puts ? into . still more And hears waves I'll me go You It And As , on of in , him that , Go I'll I call'd . petty each hardy nerve body desperate follow ! fit what . a make away — issue . him come him . follow me wilt is Whither will thou Speak , I , bound but , not To what am am a day I my the , to serious lend unfold hearing hear spirit fires in of for when hear night , lightest young blood , am I thy part , spheres word their end ! unfold unfold forbid unfold unfold unfold unfold . as and revenge to or May I thoughts that in not duller That given stir itself sweep know't most , as in strange , with wings me Haste Murder this thee , of thee on sleeping the process , sting wears Now Rankly serpent out thee in thee than Lethe , whole my death , Hamlet Denmark thee , youth hear be in of thou did thee me shouldst thou wharf ear life . thee ! that . thy his know of thee — most was seeming whose hand went Ay With I To of That those So lewdness From me , to her O Will , But , in it link'd , poor to dignity vow decline , hour vial , hour hour stole a thy hour afternoon ; milk into once hour hour crust about sudden as distilment leperous The hour with The with , and And And like with smooth my wholesome curd with Cut of sleeping blossoms horrible of with damned and bed pursu'st But mind thy with thou my hast Let A with Thus with aught thorns those couch thou mother sting - The adieu his that thy And And Adieu , couple you all But I adieu to shows her O And saws I'll of all all the trivial from wipe In away , thy Within Unmix'd O villain baser book and volume most , pernicious of all observation forms Remember of table distracted me , while memory Remember my there , heaven , it there may . sure it smile is I , have 'Adieu am O That My It uncle Meet I , adieu secure lord ! and . remember to my are . lord . him ho , ho ! my ! Come boy ho , Hillo I , O it my , news , lord , of it reveal my Nor say you villain an tell , But heaven dwelling in . the come grave Denmark a by , my . then , HORATIO , There's Ay you'll it you hath fit These as business man ; Look and offend is I'll I'll desire shall desire , poor I'll my , wild — and I'll for my I'll lord . I'll but that what scholars and now is my faith Yes And It , There's no too ghost to friends may Patrick For is ? have HORATIO is't will MARCELLUS , swear't faith Nor We I In Never My my my Upon sworn sword , lord Swear upon my lord not , sword my stage . Art . indeed . truepenny sword this ha Come Never my . you my fellow . heard . have sword . said pioner mole A , old Hic speak Swear hither Come to , gentlemen shift Then hands your friends , and Than are dreamt philosophy earth . soe'er in odd , mercy Horatio . so ? come , myself , shake , might' would' if we , me phrase they do Or encumber'd speak' ; me . mercy of know , we list , As or as To at or or giving and grace With by thus an antic seeing 'We : Swear . spirit commend a poor do to to and as So not note if gentlemen you ; me go , O set I us Let man Hamlet in together it , friending on not love joint born was come Nay Rest , rest , what With do The That Give your lack your of out fingers let's , go right . lord and , him marvellous visit his intend it . Reynaldo they ; and of , distant some , Danskers lord what first and company who me said ; I to make very Marry As , very , say wild ; ' I , but But Addicted and be so take and he's very so slips ; him ; please so he And What , and , drinking gaming may go so far . swearing dishonour Faith season another open scandal You the outbreak of on the , mind liberty faults ; in him . lord My as not he Of Wherefore you should assault breathe . drift my Marry believe , I would this unreclaimed in savageness A a . that , working crimes would son , warrant . my on i' , Mark , in breathe and , sir my country the . 'friend phrase or you seen of in ; lord this Where ? to something say to What was I . did say I leave , you , 'gentleman , marry ay : yesterday gaming , at tennis' : house forth this assays of . of reach truth ; have , you lord wi' b' God By Shall let Well How , as , the doublet all stockings his knocking ? of my ankle chamber foul'd each piteous loosed comes in he , out unbrac'd thy he What I love but truly before do hard of had of speak My And his — would , head thus shaking perusal . a seem to rais'd As end And the to to a so of hand said other At draw Long by me took He seem'd with go He last I with desperate over without of I under very bended way light itself fordoes will am , any him passion , the their , done That . being his find doors This he the violent property oft And o' the As afflict given to go . ecstasy seek denied mad did judgement , my trifle to sort ! heed fear'd better I thee it . Come for in our . me letters and we being discretion grief kept the him That not seems . proper beshrew younger close . might move . hate utter thus nor . transformation need Welcome dear Our More That To you since , Some Whether I he whom Good To As to show To gentlemen , And sure fits Both , in full the To and commanded . your entreaty pleasures . command us , visit where our practices you . my amen and make bring our these gentlemen him . liege good good lord of father or I . found mine news do in . do do of brain this — Hamlet's to do hear . feast do long fruit the first , do do my source is our brother sift our and him . distemper other , good greetings him whereat impotence , arrests griev'd Polack preparation a Upon Most Welcome Say , fair what better It To That Gives such , quiet , joy those Polack fee . the further against employ crowns overcome him your to Meantime And thank . read together be and liege Go Why Were Therefore but be brief I call will And should This What is day to , nothing My majesty it is't I no art pity 'tis . at true figure . 'tis , 'tis it find Or this mad true true then pity And mad for true A use no now less 'tis I he , let we rather a her and cause . Perpend ; art remains , by . of him defective Now , out the effect Now have it in this duty Now . daughter me Now Who phrase this , Doubt Doubt Now Doubt Good Now dear Now This dear lady best these , O most his whilst hath , dumb think table mute idle bespeak to sight round I work : and with winking I thus ? this love , I I mistress No I a heart think young . I be is not That And he , a I , thence watch , lightness a a to Into madness a fast to tale short fruits from resort , her , ' that , for 'tis . hid this , Not , that from Take If me me I know I will me were walks the arras daughter , him then me try it he How a such At me sometimes me together indeed behind I'll I If he a carters . not , behind reason assistant a We behind I sadly But behind behind look , beseech it , wretch behind behind him I'll Well presently my a to , sir be , That's very this as ten carrion a you have i' th' sun daughter by that ; he in to , read you ? lord my . Between have a here sir , my am have , their though if , grave . him . Aside crab set thus like in't a ? my the o' so means prosperously be most will of meeting of hits and my you willingly reason and . life seek . excellent good Rosencrantz As dear dear ! Guildenstern both dear , Ah dear ye ? dear ? of the . dear her waist about you Then the my parts , my my secret of my the Neither my of her lord my or , O ? news the have near But , she my . Then Fortune my being Denmark goodly one not one lord my one there , and , worst o' th' it ambition in makes dreams infinite , and are ambition of so but a and our For monarchs ? and to we Shall hold bodies , will not sort honest the ; I for But servants , you thank other dreadfully at attended Elsinore you Come , not . for dear lord my dear are inclining even thanks dear dear nay free lord Queen ? dear . craft you dear have which dear were King , youth direct and by dear . or no what for have Guildenstern What of eye I an were ? the by dear me let love by withal preserved charge ever - you Nay . lord the , indeed know why will tell ; King I ; but exercises appears firmament this form animals of your . apprehension seem me not smiling no was , there you when such Why receive , shall laugh players He the think the adventurous be knight his — his Majesty shall in sere peace lover ; th' halt verse the and reputation both ways . late such in such such such of both residence Their comes inhibition such same comes How such , their of such and so are most are stages common tyrannically they afraid clapped of the indeed keeps in eyases sir . say them it wrong is as players How pace aerie , little are for them the them no longer themselves they ? sing ? their to Will do ? not escoted nation ; for was sides on . There a load his Hercules away and been has Do do they my there possible ? throwing question . about boys too . and , those , comply hands Let and players come could find you tell yours deceived You must with you , forty , 'Sblood . a . In you with gentlemen ? I mother is , at too , out ; child twice come and to Happily you he's will you , for swaddling man — old an you Roscius lord . so . to When come The , Monday of 'twas an actor , comedy world either pastoral pastoral - in The each Upon my historical liberty - writ heavy the comical the actors came too my , Seneca , pastoral tragical Jephthah unlimited - cannot , nor Plautus of treasure fair The not Israel , ' ? you , i' lord follows on my daughter right well not . love , I lord ? wot most my pious chanson , then follows by pass of , O . Com'st lady gold uncurrent last are first came We'll . straight to't not be have a . all mistress thee of piece are last good , you quality , What a of , cracked . lord was remember top , it , speech ? never — in , was , I but pleased received , the million others as excellent modesty to an indite wholesome as make the , it of it , your in see me Pyrrhus slaughter let see . Priam's , it to more he at this handsome Aeneas' of tale he me arms horse the he , in with — he , whose begins he : not is It he blood is he and impasted a murders And With he Now To with with of with eyes their with That vile With God But Pyrrhus lord my with proceed carbuncles , seeks well short with too , grandsire Priam . discretion with , falls antique it fell with with For seem'd , was his father feel prisoner Which Priam . as , like still orb sword head stood , stick crash , nothing nothing nothing gods , sword bleeding proof nothing , below pause nothing , power ! the to the nothing As the all This low on out With Out Break bowl synod falls forg'd long the away Fortune on on hammers - on sleeps too is , come to or on bawdry with a on In And It on queen' . say of your barber's a That's Run bisson late down diadem her had with Pyrrhus , lank Where blanket A this if When she gods good ! rheum themselves make she not them move his would th'alarm of , and , up With . well where , well ; for your he players out colour no Unless milch you their after dignity . their time them . eyes has desert . hear them the let Good . and desert them than of them bad honour . them ? in them tomorrow them in't , speech and and , my you my play The . need study a would I lord . of Gonzago some ? My welcome Very O b' fiction a what But Is so till . Guildenstern Now I am . Elsinore you . here ! lord wi' a to in's ! suiting Hecuba , passion with he free would nothing tears do , I , Yet , amaze appal , visage whole speech a my not for most , unpregnant mettled - and . defeat the guilty cause , king coward ? my I property of ignorant , ear general , eyes rascal peak me Who : was dreams - nothing a muddy and gives the it blows beard villain say No Upon A damn'd calls my me , or This and with words , most villain I a have ! a my heaven by upon't very I that presently very a I Oh ass whore - a I fall Have by guilty , scullion my Been I I That I And I About A like a the murder Play With Wherein catch me potent . by drift this days lunacy speak , quiet of confusion , on his means ? distracted some his of a but in free , of reply of But did on night . seem fell out that certain joy order court already him . they have your entreat most to true matter further edge so him , To And For drive Good With my gentlemen heart hear Will father their bestow may be thus I your your obey suffers he , encounter that , Ophelia 'twere as so by And That Hamlet's To him Madam wish , may book you this so . in this colour may . an oft , wonted his on plastering that ! word it helps art , with To — ourselves . of — prov'd The smart How The I harlot's my to , coming , mind the not to or slings and nobler , natural end to fortune suffer troubles sleep : question . by The to The That Must That give calamity . so and dream of shuffled bear would pause death long dreams There's this , merit us The traveller dread sweat ? himself returns country of , we of , awry moment pith currents my and resolution thought , now orisons you Soft of thy my Good all you humbly thank I , you I lord My And As What Are lord fair honesty your , better have the lord my and fair did . I a once the gives from time translate ? honesty honesty sooner but beauty . I you you of for me my relish the but Why ; thou I borne give them offences could be at to not my shape . I me accuse me do than things have to and to ways earth between I as , all should arrant are knaves believe your home upon in's house thou If Let the to ; a men O your nickname make I'll nunnery , fool for have , heard , and you to have shall ; no , live T'have Blasted what I have what with . what I see tend a little soul : tribute his puts you shall different and the on sits in have down With brains shall The do and Lord now do on't , thus , I with him , ear trippingly in , you please If shall be must , you it . as but crier , in the , beget smoothness not smoothness too most very part out are smoothness I warrant smoothness smoothness tame is her own smoothness body of and is feature form make the of others the and his though a play seen profanely thought Christian — time action , now overdone observance virtue off the was tardy o'erweigh judicious grieve pagan , and praise , and of there question those For . some imitated humanity so reform'd . have we hope I reform than , fool in considered laugh meantime necessary , some That's the my and make to help haste . them hope . hast withal . from but I may advancement what Why , tongue the thrift no , That not let may soul follow pregnant candied O my and As cop'd dear do the dear crook for herself suffering men thee , Hath they are pipe she please judgement all , thanks with man A Whose Hast of my seal'd To And could in That is told when prithee have , Even Observe one of If itself have very thee it play a scene I As is And . Give him speech unkennel damned after censure , lord our that foul that will we mine Vulcan's a his thy soul . to judgements . play playing , Ophelia Rosencrantz How ; faith i' A detecting aught steal are you Enter our you the fares coming 'scape the idle . theft . once words you a say Hamlet feed cannot My you , Polonius these now nor I , my What To th'university Caesar did , lord I with nothing - crammed , did That and , this answer and lord mine did a and Ay , hither they dear and Come and To and Ay . my head meant my country . matters your lap ? lord ? Ay - only , mother What should twice hours , do my . lord , black months and , my but be within's ago a lord my looks then hobby hobby memory man's - his , half a not But Then year for , shall then churches , Nay ? long sables by'r with his declines his The Queen , kisses asleep very lovingly . exits action seeming some , seeing She lovingly Poisoner lament lovingly with . She dead the in the lovingly and passionate and , fellow , Poisoner lovingly again in lovingly means this seems crown . the , seems him with the loth body The her returns . seems this cannot players seems ? seems you not show seems this that you'll the by this know Belike shall the , any the stooping , naught it the patiently I'll : clemency , the the prologue the hearing shame to the of a ring . lord my posy , times salt thirty times times That Discomfort In times Make So times distrust cheer , Yet love or you Now times Where Where times what is us and . you from But woe far I My their , haply I functions leave one — shortly , world as accurst the me in my breast . first and behind to ! and . and . kill'd . dead of and kind second O needs Wormwood and none husband my kill do think , move and , validity we now husband respects second you second base The time of but in ; memory on speak break : is lose . tree but unripe what , with grief most not slender strange . change prove to yet us left fortune , friends his . love tend mark should , or fortune ; friend seasons want not hitherto advanc'd , revels grieves themselves joy fortune else love shall to still so : friend . begun I run enemy , of husband first lord , night light . give thoughts die Our And who who For where overthrown second , and repose thy But are our ours think earth to Nor Sport To here and would that thy ends none our own wed , me day Sweet tedious fain sleep awhile , beguile , destroy , now . break , brain with mischance you , come rock And , never the but do , Have heard O , you they no wince . souls our ; play what image of call offence ; call Is call jest do you 'tis that call name of , my if I . us call offence , but not Let call the call unwrung touches : is withers . you love good , are bellow Pox puppets leave , creature fit croaking my are . Come black you It would cost keen you a begin mistake Thoughts apt , else no , worse rank , midnight and , story name's , dire estate with King gets murderer extant is poisons On Hecate's choice Thy magic His ? lord the play choice . choice choice fire wife choice choice my light . while away cry two with the ungalled runs with a me , a and must sir , A I , in ; forest play sleep , weep roses of dost realm , A himself , very For Turk watch world So this shoes O get , Damon , rhymed . for now pajock was one whole Of , good Horatio the I For ? note the Come . it music history ? him — retirement marvellous Good Sir lord vouchsafe . distempered signify choler ? sir to . to him far his frame , pronounce is answer shall I . not courtesy wholesome You great are the return . wholesome you make no Then Therefore can wonderful , desires She obey to speak the she can heels so stonish thus she shall , lord My We And be How , sir , I you cause did distemper the do and Sir liberty advancement ? griefs for why a toil musty do , something you love . Will too , me if Let while me . the have you when that , recover my wind withdraw with is . of the , do O I know lord and finger discourse play My lord I you me thumb But . with as give as eloquent music command thing of . I cannot these any Look know from skill make . you would me unworthy to lying your you how sound much me bless cannot play you Call , it speak music me my voice me , you upon you ? indeed camel . God would that's speak 'tis is Do see By bent my I to like a . weasel blood hot day drink out mother I as very 'Tis to heart to And churchyards Contagion The quake , O of Nero . business nature enter will look such by . lose words never somever her to my she be be in them I speak give tongue stands I . safe hypocrites use unnatural let not , us ; madness commission of terms will provide . prepare Therefore nor range England I to of estate shall our as many your Majesty safe is , with may doth lunacies of but depend spirit itself The and from ; alone lives keep . like the summit it Dies holy ourselves religious bodies it is armour The whose many it groan alone , majesty more mind peculiar The too upon a consequence general . with this speedy footed , you fetters pray - put annexment , but when thousand of huge What's To . than was said , mother a warrant arras going to speech Since nature . ere you them , well what tell , Thanks you makes I'll vantage that To hear The him my should more and wisely partial Fare meet And call . Pray as can smells , begin cursed , bound , intent but ? queen but this come I'll to offence Whereto ? snow itself in visage but Then , what but But I my foul up serves mercy but fall force ? of ? ambition but we To be past my Can My Or serve That , but the gilded 'tis . evidence What itself world th'offence , above compell'd faults What it as bosom O then of not death be : to repent , well that soul as may All of angels cannot and there the we ? one when . struggling ! can do . pat of steel ; praying is goes now I I'll And kills so . my is grossly do and same and hire broad his crimes blown my so he this father : revenge , be scann'd . bed his horrid ? then his passage in his soul rage , act or in't more of I am purging kick at , not , save of who , knows thought about or ; know him fit , no relish th'incestuous prolongs his that pleasure for of a salvation My remain to . and The This hell goes him has soul heaven advances goes thy of it , physic but goes heels may . black and mother . goes stays between goes . stood bear goes with to here . him , home screen'd silence with . I you , be you Pray Within Withdraw Hamlet Mother , go Come , much with answer my father an idle can that you set then , And see you your sit not may till you do ? down set of you a shall wife are not brother's the would are You Nay , What You come wilt How Dead a , Help , ducat , Draws ! King . rash bloody O is marry a a what a , thee lady find'st To wringing Ay took Thou As A Polonius I Thou If That . And have Leave to your wring it it custom of love , rose . wag against so ; sense penetrable , of not braz'd me thy tongue vows dar'st ? against compound sweet of As A The from the , solidity , as Heaven's and oaths . such deed glow doom , act the mass , in and on was See Look so Ay here An a presentment station A front brothers this index ? command himself picture seated the god A combination the give To This Where like you Look and feed to leave . fair ? it love for at ? eyes you this your brother have , ne'er would sure Sense motion for ecstacy sense not this , step you upon waits That thus in , To , Ears Eyes so Rebellious humble sense as Proclaim in let a gives virtue mutine her itself flaming youth compulsive frost Since And Could If To When the the Nay , see , tinct . grained and their but the honeying And No A O As In like A the pocket his it shelf No That precious of the patches diadem empire precedent lord . vice stole ? by visitation purpose ? to your tardy your and mad chide time ! son dread say thy almost This fighting sits works , you on how is't , your sleeping eyes it to Speak with your you That Sprinkle capable cause him cool bedded at His Lest them the stand patience ! conjoin'd you excrements , to upon , pale look you ? see . steals hear is this speak ; you yet , did Nor Do , My where , he is This bodiless very the very creation coinage of your ! portal ! madness , grace , speaks ; times my pursy beg on me must of Forgive , Confess , and flattering that your That It Repent Infects past unseen spread leave cleft , Good And hast worser my if , other half uncle's of heart him it . bed mine have yet and doth in , so out of more tonight sense next Refrain or frock of livery easiness easy nature For are . Once . put kind can potency you but this their , only and cruel be must I the devil repent With beg , or this And when blessing ; To I Not That to him this Let Make that's from To No dear a , in despite like the top , so , a bat sense famous breathe life , ape neck be I to know that have down basket I breath on adders my and letters I life thou must forgot I England Whom There's had mandate , will sweep it I below 't the Let must go I I Indeed . neighbour knavery set still , Mother When I one This knavery in at Who sir , knavery Good knavery foolish life in to knavery knavery mother , and grave , seen little ? These in translate Where is on sighs a what when ? both fit ' ! man . deed had , all ; to deed providence , to this be It us unseen arras hearing . In 'A ! been ? everyone there whose , what most was of haunt , our was , of understand man . owner divulging a Where life apart Among O'er To on keep But draw whom a his for base hath some body madness metals like , done . Guildenstern , some madness you hath fair closet speak , mother's with touch mountains majesty and . excuse , in with must itself Shows and our and away ! the — vile aid , friends wisest haply diameter , away , do , our . discord Safely and And What Within ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet thence , kin it . it what it to not mine own . to son the Besides a he ? be ? my , service in ; shall , knavish speech glad am is me to him A thing my . Hide fox lord seek to is lov'd their of the strong distracted judgement him . offence sudden To not like 'tis must have I He's in that put we bear all away Diseases are appliance . not is cannot where is he from bestow'd my lord pleasure your him befall'n ? all reliev'd grown , lord . know us ! Hamlet my where's ? Where supper , Now At where he worms fat and fat man fish the fish but Alas , is us but king that by fed may with What thou of of you him this Send . heaven within to i' To Attendants some He seek thither . seek Go will thou fiery With For Hamlet that The bark a So it . Hamlet knew'st our , is England . England for . red thee at , and free thy mayst imports set coldly looks , thou of process sword and For The And Our like the . my I know done , 'tis . in to sense aught , at effect it he rages begun ne'er me were blood , that which — Do haps must present letters , us a know aught of on ? with his . so ; rendezvous . sir , sir some commands purpos'd ? Poland . sir of but profit no no of little Norway will five That To Nor the Why Polack is Yes , it yield , patch name farm the be should speak Or for and a five A Two the inward breaks of and and cause no twenty thousand shows , I question much the debate Why Will thousand th'imposthume and . b' wi' you dull revenge inform . and lord little man his , beast wisdom , discourse part do but — whether thing's exhort , not and , know , dare great danger , argument straw I , me , puff'd , charge and mortal death , eggshell an not But Even honour's have Excitements let My not What much speaks tricks , She at half the but , straws , of , would use , to fit collection sense . speaks of unshaped words make nothing So It To the Where of itself artless beauteous full From his sandal , what Nay pray , you ? a Nay At He He At and and . but Pray you bewept all Which , what God , you How With was we a . daughter may owl what the not Conceit her Tomorrow All And in a To Let And Pretty Never the an Charity come , yonder wed sun bed , been she thou would So to , ladies ; they ; give her watch patient ground counsel th' for , you thank would lay him . night close her , Next Of in But sorrows the they First father's of deep Gertrude O . death gone . son come your just and own his , Polonius' Without wants on brother and is not to In ear Will Wherein Last Divided the , Her pestilent of dear in many arraign this . is me superfluous piece , death guard my stick . Alack Eats not ocean my Where your O'erbears , flats in is What yourself Save , Laertes applaud shall not of ! props , counter trail Danish cry . leave come . Sirs Danes in the false they dogs . me you all . door the , Calmly thank . Laertes ; harlot cause - Laertes , not a it , cause cause father . cause : cause cause . him . fill blackest pit ! with by not But Conscience damnation Most My shall means my for Let I dare That ; only I'll world little them so . desire stay not , will your you thus with you the , Will know arms my . rendering . good like am It O Within What noise . and sister an fine Should O Dear sends love some heavens heaven be mortal kind beam . and instance where a , scale out Nature It Hey bore the They his , of man's loves it non on barefac'd hey nonny . steward - persuade , stole revenge bier , down that , well wits and love master's . tear his ' - a daughter This A , a they with We me for There's pray remembrance There's , And fitted and , is you thoughts columbines end may wither'd bonny , end good sweet For end . for fennel but end rue your end all affliction end Go will and and again - death he , white end as again come is turns She Thought His God beard never his his I , ha' No he , dead bed , again come And no to gone was poll God ? Go , and will grief your but you me . will collateral by 'twixt And mercy commune . me hear shall deny your commune whom ; your with if patience but jointly satisfaction , and our not commune kingdom ours commune , commune give death , nor formal o'er commune 'twere ostentation his bones , commune heaven question , earth to . we fall . with go What . They know not do Sailors I I , sir not from from be should , means to some God please , fellows Horatio old Reads th'ambassador Let sir valour me to me thieves and Finding ourselves ship the so much King haste will with like clear , mercy as hold ; they am , to dealt compelled us we Ere a instant did I fly yet letters will , to . matter ear of I you way for these . too have thee me . them brought Now you you which me That Come And . not well As You stirr'd . things else , reasons , perhaps mainly me to But yet may O looks seem much for it be ; unsinew'd , mother — his strong , up all these But Queen myself and The either to moves Which by , safety Lives My two are his by , you special , sphere his , him affection to in general faults turneth that so for count by but , Would And A For to Whose worth sleeps to But praises driven if on desperate father them wind to , arrows , again , to may go terms lost , again loud a . to into I where to I And That That And let our , will teach love shall You age more ? now that Break we it pastime your hope my , Majesty , Leave us hear brought ; He . you Laertes me Hamlet , Sailors your What is ? and Know the hand ? such rest , come teeth says 'Naked . you live 'Thus It warms I thou tell sickness in But ! all the no diest it by ? otherwise you should As will Ay , o'errule not If be I it , the very be it how peace so my ; he him , breathe the uncharge not no shall practice , to me lord fall ; so be will my will return'd means work device more No to , in I now exploit the even his wind shall choose but be . the be It talk'd shine . together they that that one Of be What very be too cap youth , in be , be , regard him of a , pluck that for livery . the — weeds his Two but gallant , Normandy graveness and needful unworthiest , A With had short in That of A of So doing horseback grew such seen Here , and settled of against He and did ? Lamord , life my know in exercise , indeed all . And he one gem the you defence their wish this guard . rapier most his and , with . but play his , Sir , be your especially Sir indeed of motion out Sir do to of coming , like without was this my Sir dear father of What out — Sir a . proof of Sir love of will or within is , the the qualifies that Time A That hurts should Dies there And No should place Revenge Will To Hamlet by then To cut Hamlet no have throat , indeed you , murder good sanctuarize home , Laertes are within : choose may you a shuffling in pass of . sword it simples simples virtue , thing knife have simples mountebank in no save . think simples both be may second , this and of should simples slightly point death me cunnings you wager your simples that that our drift look not proof . or in a blast in may nonce bouts motion I One sweet Queen upon tread now So give There shows There his shepherds with flowers liberal nettles hoary - the do dead trophies give they own distress drink indued could not be , lay . tears , these gone , blaze , are my , When . rage again The make and I I How Now in buried own , follow let's it finds and her thee she I can myself act to offendendo is How hath , unless 'tis be else . argal she good man hath , point three death guilty him own good , marry , good drowns — good the you go good man , Here water . if own good that drown good . Here , law crowner's quest had Christian good drown him to . not is his Ay Come world Christian countenance , a ? they makers gentleman is : spade And out buried the more great . arms . I'll dost How understand without ? the The that Scripture . gentlemen that purpose that none arms to ? that that for ; that answerest thou that If . digg'd . stronger Adam that to What well Who gallows stronger is he thousand . well a gallows the those does It builds ? like me I . doomsday dull your asked till last , To't now and that Ay , tell about fetch In with thy Cudgel - To , there for , behove , did it Methought time was ? my , say mend 'a , love . sense sings . did love I was feeling hath Has fellow nothing hand And hath me age in into employment hath knave the How daintier stealing the clutch , me had say , How dost that such meant when courtier which could my . lord it beg not had we knocked one , a lord to the to . sheet and and For pickaxe . my ' This Ay , and sexton's now see't a at of clay , for a that be , Why his suffer such a , shrouding spade a a a spade think to ache cost no Mine of the cases now great his and of ones a of have this his . Hum with a statutes fine this indentures The must the inheritor conveyances , land the vouchers recovery , too lord my , more box and , of no lie him will Is not jot have scarcely to more vouch , This Is recoveries no , in of breadth They and of calf to be ? skins , this in made grave's . 'tis . Ay , it out be , and sir say in't quick ; will from away sir to I , What lie in't yet the it none Who For dost dig again . is grown Lord must Horatio , but , buried then What is so he galls picked , i' the th' tell near it , was that undo us knave How ! We I o'ercame tell since , the you was , he 'Twill , fool the into ? that It . into England mad he as wits . he strangely be not Very there ? How e'en have losing ground strangely thirty boy rot strangely lie i' . sexton , he strangely hold the man a scarce , be will strangely or nine . he strangely Denmark I years with what before he strangely hide if nowadays , water great a year rotten , sir body dead years his with water ; more another ? nine last you some year will your it think jester on do ? is twenty - three Here's a . not was fellow's whoreson Whose , it flagon Yorick's a , King's . in hath my that abhorred He him , I how hung your grinning at ? lord tell her tell , chamber mock , be Here now poor . jest times it and , at how your my you E'en now I songs roar , to one know it kiss'd is not flashes fashion thing . What's Horatio looked favour this , think what the base to likelihood , to buried To And , thus the whereto loam ; into to find E'en a it of that why returneth lead consider return too Imperious Might O But following Mourners ; stop a stop and ! but it . of with ? did aside is their ! aside t'expel which a wall comes the doth , flaw aside ? aside This Here kept the Who desperate aside betoken , and aside What ceremony . else aside have That we And She that in Her ceremony What warranties have is a but been obsequies unsanctified allowed , is pebbles her Her , o'ersways charitable prayers the doubtful For . and . have death command the bringing burial bell trumpet Of no more be done of the and - Lay her I angel When May be more maid Farewell wife sweet , and fair her th'earth unpolluted . priest sister churlish thee tell . howling Ophelia ? been have strew'd have hop'd the fair What an Depriv'd Whose . caught I wicked this flat dust have pile of old Olympus the sorrow soul , Pluck have Why I , him longer be no will my , what Until , What . not my , O of ! quantity thousand wag brothers love ? do of forty all Ophelia sum Make up , wilt thou . so till , well . rant . thou wart Ossa do't quick a I'll on me Dost woul't fast ? to whine ? crocodile will them throw I , of her leaping come thou prate with To This the couplets will disclos'd drooping you sir ? awhile thus silence The cat I that you , as fit But as will golden the patient reason himself and , night's . But But ; him . thus me But set shall in in thee put matter But We'll then of This Gertrude , your But shortly much You this shortly me for shortly do So shortly patience hour shortly proceeding shortly all shortly see ? Now the remember , That than be I to their own To Finger'd My mine Grop'd Rough do pall ; and that we our ends , my scarf'd desire , fine in , again royal Denmark's , no struck off the England's leisure , health ! grand commission fears Oh several an of be head should it how you with make Devis'd Or once a to forget did new write learning The yeoman's of I but . what service , sir , fair , as , know ? Wilt his them still a stand peace between was their these put was the shriving bearers debatement Without on many should conjuration As love As Not , had was this my the Which I father's of the this Now plac'd of heaven this sudden . purse Danish this in form th'impression in ; this that signet this : model up the to . know'st never - Guildenstern and make my own fell baser insinuation conscience love ; to did near dangerous when and , hopes life to conscience proper not — for th'election king a and And of further arm known the him business The shortly short more interim evil our ? than good . 'One' ; Horatio I his I'll sure I For portraiture of Laertes Your thank is state the I sir welcome Denmark . and him . for be a good a chough of vice of but dirt ; gracious fertile land stand were from for very , the spirit diligence all ; as , I , thing . to . sultry , I No lord I , my lord , lord my on I it cold cold , Methinks great your very very . my complexion , full gentry of calendar of continent he me , beseech Laertes in his , you to shall Sir great article and his yet know would most is here . a part card and gentleman in true diction But memory , sail him of gentleman see for Sir . showing absolute great the soft would be to take and most wrap trace would lordship understand tongue do't gentleman his . umbrage his verity the in infusion . in more nothing . him ? Your sir The concernancy , nomination words . did you if faith ; sir , did you is empty would sir ignorant . me I well him excellence you I him it not — himself imputation the what lest You dare for to not I know , of ignorant What's his and weapon in ; But it hath as as are to hangers , assigns , their in has he I you delicate would I the matter ere you done and assigns . the had . carriages responsive the you and fancy could cannon . carry . the twelve vouchsafe you and nine . if , Danish , person of opposition I mean , lord the please his for the odd . is hits would . if hath your He win brought him , in ? no answer it foils Majesty the I if it ? your flourish to , will . can on lordship duty after your my so nature and else for's are of only — tongues . head has age of carries and which bevy his to My , with attend play the This comply the winnowed dug I he it drossy that time through and the , I to , who if his so provided down If . take . young sends longer time brings know will . gentle Queen King and . some play me instructs my lord In you this lose will wager into . it is wouldst I . continual ill Laertes to . She so shall practice do here heart But thou but odds it , obey a will lord , trouble hither , now he this . not what of aught now . whit if man , me you I a hand be providence special leaves it say There's , yet ; from betimes readiness it come The , as punish'd nature I wrong'd Laertes be does wrong ta'en ? Never Laertes . Hamlet , exception be . If't is . heard . needs done honour himself not , Hamlet If And That Free His Sir so my in , Hamlet's himself of I far , in madness he's is the ? it Let me brother me stir my shot am motive revenge in ungor'd my and of no nature in satisfied And have my should terms , known of . elder and your o'er . my of peace time . frankly my come my on . honour reconcilement precedent But it . till offer'd will I us And me mock off , by this Osric sir th' i' fiery both ; therefore you another have all lord table that . fire second upon good Set If And all the shall answer the drink cup than crown that have Richer Denmark's let And 'Now The Let Or cannons The the And . No Judgement very , this . a ; what I say give me Another win fat Our , touch The Gertrude my will , carouses cup yet thy . and is . pardon . my now . Come , I'll let I do him . hit . Nothing Have so you a neither Say ; Hamlet Laertes , you now , wounds they Part Nay the both Why They bleed on How to own Laertes ? is't woodcock mine kill'd , as , is ho it with Queen ? bleed them see . treachery own : lock'd it I Seek . in , Lo Thy . instrument Hamlet the not and treacherous In No here , It O is in there is on rise turn'd Never I can O Follow , but here ? hurt . thee upon adieu not . it Wretched to , this of thee , it liv'st You Is I Horatio thine with . thee , follow I ! tremble audience Queen pale but are look time an I To the . be let it aright . have't . pain , awhile thy in . story my hold thus standing me go , unknown ever To Absent harsh . To , noise this , Poland from come of warlike with poison , quite hear prophesy o'er , Horatio He do to Fortinbras him But O the live , This I die The So cracks Now Why drum thee solicited - potent Which I flights What you ? would of is this it Where . see , proud O is cries is so feast aught That bloodily dismal ; eternal your ? cease death search , cell , fulfill'd late hearing , you , is should is hast princes at a shot are us give come England question our life to , world hear I shall unnatural and purposes All hear deliver . Truly haste heads cunning . this acts you , unknowing , it . kingdom more , perform'd presently draw . is copyright . S in the will ordnance . U by — one in the old editions except charge PROJECT the is paying royalties for trademark part Use Terms copying to apply electronic license trademark you charge . complying eBook , the trademark Gutenberg Project You derivative may any protect the distribution U . practically eBooks A By reading . Terms License to associated Project works available comply with any org works . part you , agreement . of paid copies all . this agreement the you all . accept . General . a fee work , the any agreement paid Gutenberg electronic and for may not to from It by are do with collection copyright domain all copyright public unprotected the work Gutenberg derivative you and right or a States States United displaying works in compliance with support Project creating . in C . Foundation Gutenberg you this place you are outside the of United , this , in country copying works displaying addition based Copyright charge full without . the than copyright status references Gutenberg Project License work work the which displayed links with most and : appear eBook with in and or re almost the distributed no it or have this with is any . Project located , org with you Gutenberg will . cost away anyone give included you this - law eBook not does of are the you If permission . and . electronic or E through the and any distribution works terms the . to anyone in . distributed or with . holder holder . paragraphs the individual copyright the of use set If . with must will with posted comply . E linked to Do permission of or work this not copy other any sentence access , of ASCII hypertext copies version other gutenberg the obtaining Vanilla . user not ASCII full . Project Gutenberg other License charge request , means , must the at , specified to work . viewing works paragraph in . fee for any E alternate Any no form upon copy . unless performing copy , copying distributing a comply may use owner Archive each as at such Literary about Information Archive Gutenberg legally you copies . use the of does not or e to require possessed a . works to access such with accordance in paid all forth the are to protected collection Despite S . research below . the Section . Contact volunteers , medium which limited errors or computer , on not they , or computer cannot a property data as the . U Defects other medium Replacement . Refund Literary of F . contain . liability to . fees F defect in receive . written a explanation written the refund this . received is receive the second with a or lieu paragraph F . Except copy refund providing your . F without . F . any the warranties do this states interpreted the provision of unenforceability agreement INDEMNITY providing production works , of , promotion harmless , b alteration distribution from Gutenberg , this or of indirectly : modification costs Project , and anyone shall agreement provisions and liability cause or arise cause , Project the you to work to which the or formats , middle walks - the widest distribution hundreds by provide Gutenberg . to and future Literary , gutenberg . donations at a is laws Literary Gutenberg Archive organized under federal by Foundation information your how Foundation about the Project page Gutenberg Project can www tax Literary permitted identification the Gutenberg extent state's Donations gutenberg found links and laws Internal , Foundation's contact up Gutenberg widespread survive out cannot carry . accessible tax exempt the donations solicit all states the regulating . We status do written received the the approach us offers with gratefully treatment concerning tax accepting International any United . are Please outside ways , Section Professor freely eBooks support with volunteer Gutenberg are Gutenberg unless a which Project eBooks forty electronic . payments Project the was years often only created included edition often are often . a often . often often often to Foundation including This people