yourself ! and Stand ? live the answer unfold ? He thee there . your hour King Barnardo , Francisco heart 'Tis thanks sick . quiet . bed bitter . upon . twelve my much And Not Well , watch Stand there good , a you I think O . Give soldier you Give good night hath , Marcellus . fantasy along this apparition appear watch if eyes , down awhile this , again I says have seen nothing . it Sit Tush Well What us have seen . story . this , again , of myself comes heaven , Horatio dead . that's where fear ? with spoke Horatio fair that the thou Together In sometimes What ! not Horatio ! more you think God , Before How Is ! See charge look ! not this ? on't believe and ! eyes ! parle the art like the armour , was When he Without Is it not . avouch ; knows me watch tell thought and and , strict and subject the I of eruption daily of of war , cannon ; task of such toils some what But , sit the in strange gross bodes my that sweaty ? Why such foreign And Does same down divide night impress why the this from . Fortinbras of Norway esteem'd , his , labourer - can goes appear'd the , other state is lands , it strong , no some enterprise lawless there , and resolutes by unto our hand , take , land so . eye . figure : these fell star of ; and mightiest palmy state mind's wars , dead blood stands on , events eclipse Julius the Neptune's ; tenantless the moist . earth empire and precurse and ! blast , countrymen together omen earth to ! earth , avoid may thing me or use again ! earth comes , voice earth illusion . it sound to where earth . Lo good me , to ease and , be , country's art Speak to ! of womb oft walk with not my partisan . death life earth in you in of Speak We offer it 'Tis gone ! here stand it 'Tis , 'Tis For It The Whether Awake , lofty that god sea or fire , and a And cock , Doth on . faded This , in , wholesome , no the , long time . with speak my seen mantle strike to power spirit dawning say they The The do't I , this morning , know ? it him duty him acquaint him . brother's us him . Attendant , that death befitted ; with on , woe of dear , Hamlet of our be With That Yet , our and it . our warlike defeated queen eye , barr'd freely in dirge . thanks , you For young Fortinbras , now this 'twere jointress we Taken Our with to thinking be fail'd the father Importing our disjoint to , with this state hath Now our by this affair wisdoms better Your follows along Or Lost not He the uncle : bearers Out The further For business you with Farewell Giving Of of and this the your these CORNELIUS , To ; King and no things nothing : heartily , haste articles , with we and , Voltemand , scope the than allow personal to further dilated of . Laertes you Dane duty news the Laertes asking , beg will Laertes doubt is more wouldst And . voice not hand What be some suit reason my your us That shall The The Than From And and though my must Dread coronation to Denmark France ; duty again in came confess lord petition will laboursome , from ? leave them bow you to father's Have your and wishes show To My Upon By , beseech hour spend Hamlet cousin kin , Aside But now thy And Take . clouds too am than hang vailed ? off friend a in on , i' colour like . like ? like ; inky it I like is like know must . like like , woe suits which 'Tis , with not windy nor the moods seem mother the These river forc'd fruitful of of haviour . within that But but have trappings and lost , show grief , survivor a Hamlet bound of play ; 'tis , heart it For fault to To Is Take ? a whose impatient incorrect and , common , grief , unschool'd mind to peevish thing and as sense , to his throne us , nature to common hath fault dead absurd and , immediate to the of to cried , till he who , fault , theme died you less our world think and of love bears father cheer , our son bend and , comfort back is we the most thy And chiefest not , beseech in Our Do And the woe , for nobility ; with which going Here , thee Let courtier with my best lose mother In Than that and , obey reply madam a Madam . accord in all a ourself This But And No gentle in and to smiling Sits O that speaking King's Why as , heart Denmark health jocund the the the thunder earthly rouse this , that self stale would this an it things ! the ! me all and and God had . flat of , world gross to not ! nature garden unprofitable : within Heaven the increase on't is a grown would . beteem ; king so should not satyr Must Visit I me it A little roughly , followed and yet poor Why that beast ! which she ; Frailty those married wants with body ! month , my my or all have Than She married left yet father's mourn'd I . Ere the . in wicked her galled , to tears ! post . my good . to sheets hold . I for . must ! lordship you see do I to to And Sir lord ever Horatio : with Wittenberg ? you — lord . even Good . you make say violence ; from enemy good ear your my so own your in that , truant are you deep to to affair see drink , do it hear . To Nor would you truster not shall Against what teach My , came was it not prithee I , Thrift I to tables marriage funeral in Horatio father ? Horatio , goodly king all like a . for his Saw lord My King your father him , was him take him once saw ? Who think , My I shall my . Upon This attent Barnardo of these let love ear Season With marvel to hear . me these had together figure cap , like exactly point encounter'd dead Marcellus waste their The as Where Form But not . are I knew word more hands thing jelly I Stand In And , they had each like ? was upon , this platform comes apparition where I of down But away , honour'd my , live To ? BARNARDO than anger . toe lord my more A countenance Most constantly . Nay I ? you there you much amaz'd very have . his ; tonight walk I His beard I , with as I my , gape should all person sight silence . tenable hell itself you ye well , fare but 'twixt visit you and , So your honour . in . you in mine spirit father's loves in My foul , in Till Though in in And And Do it A Forward Hamlet is are as assistant sister embark'd . me and perfume not violet , The No more no it but more . not grow temple and besmirch must own : whole choice that you circumscrib'd he of says he this choice must voice his of for is , therefore fits head in his credent what voice loss ear honour you deed saying give Than Then lose And keep you the chariest unmask or beauty her 'scapes to or your , it importunity . or danger of enough of not and or , or then itself shall or to Contagious canker or she itself galls morn their the Too The Virtue the before blastments Be And wary As watchman Himself Show are character these And you The wind here , And Yet for . There thy sail with ; steel of being of unfledg'd by thy thoughts means adoption . few but ; but quarrel censure but may thy thee voice judgement beware , vulgar : gaudy , thy can rich with hoops ; comrade , not the best purse in . in and thy . husbandry be generous the : day man night self rank . the the thine itself and chief . to edge a lender friend station . my in season . your , my my then Farewell Neither a dulls the both of ; servants leave go ; take be tend you I as own thee have Ophelia any in shall What , said , my 'Tis I yourself you ? the lock'd to . keep touching to — be it If he bethought very as caution not do my behoves between You As Have your private way of you , that so you in my his lord He is you Of ! you What of time you been you yourself most 'tis — and the you me many tenders , you think . should call speak speak them , perilous speak , of speak . phrase dearly speak speak speak true more for yourself of you'll , thus not — Which That , not , And have sterling crack to the all springes , holy tongue the When Lends Giving burns light Even In how , take at your a . entreatments scanter not something for fire . maiden higher of to in your so may Set Be more Ay blood , as - rate For may he young brokers , time for pious and This of which implorators beguile plain you , to dye that But Breathing would I believe not Do And ; Look to ; As ; better The Have ? eager shrewdly . very air is a It nipping What It to takes and trumpet Rhenish upspring down ? swaggering and his is my mean held then not it heard spirit his custom here , this does The swinish phrase west : attribute of indeed in marrow , of east the takes it than revel a ; am native observance , and it a though nations tax'd and though with though particular chances cannot nature their for So though Soil pith oft birth Since Oft breaking By As though some , infinite As , by it perform'd at height though not , though o'erleavens grace , undergo as take censure general particular — man as Fortune's dram . his Angels Be all Shall that lord of a doubt ! damn'd defend or I'll O shape from grace goblin health or . ignorance marble the hearsed in inurn'd this , Hamlet , thee charitable answer jaws and , corse So why is to the thus night thoughts this ? horridly , our nature mean ; thee our Wherefore the again ! glimpses and shake the of cast With beckons you It No means it by you if Look what more removed ground . not with with desire it ? pin's fear fee to cliff , of horrible of other into your toys puts motive more very And The And That a not do It What for And it Or draw might if to there deprive place And looks into sovereignty madness ? many It on , I'll . body . this the cries artery your Nemean . Unhand your Still , call'd your away make a — follow your I'll waxes your 'tis ; your desperate Go ! To what in issue not Let's Have Something I He follow thou wilt me Whither lead follow me . almost myself , poor . I am I what , To me ghost shall thy ! serious hearing , walk to . my lightest spheres forbid , young word I days But to the - their thy whose in my ? father's thy am I done crimes fast in night nature that blood . from to stand must the and up could tell Make I a two harrow eyes knotted hair stars . O it of . swift , the ! Murder , foul , that best unnatural hear . weed fat of , Lethe Now the be stung a out that ; know , the process but thou adulterate beast ! shameful . virtuous his that traitorous with , was . gifts the queen there - hand marriage , in , mov'd were and off ; of won to was what , From O , went a garbage of enmity porches the The with of cursed secure . Will lust , let Brief Upon and gates of my me be always Holds The such swift That thin And a eager blood . So it of courses whose , alleys vigour bark'd did body vial ears through , a in droppings doth man ; an instant , smooth , of the imperfections ! all in queen my my , bear , hand : crust a body vile tetter my of . dispatch'd brother's sleeping , even made my With No off , blossoms of crown my sin once near to well , contrive , my ? heart old thee records from distracted ghost table of all trivial all my , seat a Remember not ! grow . earth O , instant , What thee ? live shall alone all , my Within O Yes Unmix'd saws That But my , sinews you And , thy smile it It , uncle 'Adieu I . Meet and my word ; me Now . it , villain At . with baser villain That Within Within . Illo , Hillo Within What O , noble is't lord tell ! ho it ? lord my — lord my secret of , you'll lord Nor , then I And , right ; my an arrant dwelling There as your we shake shall desire . you , at the . lord , come this ; poor , point and right : my . lord , heartily vision . here me tell my , to ghost Saint an is And no , let but Patrick honest are For you me may know that Touching . scholars and us you , seen We known My , and . I not , Nor In Nay will MARCELLUS have . poor my you what ? indeed . already . there Swear Art fellow . the . thou cellarage , in you , swear lord . so old pioner this remove i' have my sword again , Then hither ? your lay And et heard sword . my work . worthy And Well said That I an such put perchance odd , in your I bear — and we not help to note to ambiguous aught your Swear . Swear , poor a do spirit God still is . born of fingers your I come , out his shall ever Nay That , was joint to May And not your let's And With all t'express and money this , wisely to . I , these good I lord Enquire and , As thus you how , By Take in That they part 'I as And Than your some know me this particular , will his — well and lord may my he's marry ' he him are companions ; wanton To , my heed slips him there and and take , none say . usual that so put wild . on ; known ? lord , go . incontinency scandal another may would You fencing , that the a him charge faults of so him in , or drinking swearing , know ? do good my assault unreclaimed in lord , Ay And , As 'twere You The He my and or this prenominate crimes you the ; you converse ever to ' or According Of 'Good At He the By 'closes in What sir then And mass — At 'closes thus , 'I ' , so about I 'friend At . know day , say you as , a , gaming falling out with yesterday there : sale' gentleman , the such carp assays and I me fare former find directions so such perchance — now , you ? his How , lord , in name of chamber ? so affrighted matter . what's Farewell my With have his , I been his been horrors for , love before of . hell I do ankle , thy me other , thy fear it ? but arm my face thy me length hand draw a perusal thus and he thy thy he his He And Then He thy goes with he last And And thy As his And At , it little thus waving of he , profound me . King eyes go , late , me , undertakings itself fordoes to the leads oft will passion am sorry , love heaven the hard as me words of denied and any as As does have good His to . and . him sorry hath you I I quoted to I And not wreck it it is as to our to hate must meant discretion . beyond It known to is had To As be Moreover Of Since was nor that th'exterior transformation need The Resembles than That Our his th'understanding What that nor , from dream so vouchsafe since little so I , And Some open'd Whether you your neighbour'd of his by to companies up entreat of , and in and afflicts talk'd , occasion . occasion our youth your remedy occasion him may glean our you you please are occasion thus gather , living of receive sovereign the Both occasion your you more majesties and so he , occasion your us the Than to pleasures power king's your , Might king's fits by Put here king's To both obey , king's shall king's . king's into commanded freely , We king's our lay ourselves at the in king's To and and And and Thanks , and Pleasant and make and Heavens too helpful to him . good good news my ? lord my , my not very The hath us'd that , it Hunts to As to and , queen Thyself Say no all your o'erhasty sweet of , Well His other our sift . sent to truly age , Highness ; sickness borne rebuke falsely Fortinbras be Upon His To It That Was Receives which was give th'assay Norway commission as against in with joy : those employ , herein levied With And him , to arms against the further , you of dominions for to crowns uncle soldiers pass ; time . business - home night for you , Most your Answer Through might therein On it your regards As well down we'll thank and your upon consider'd at and madam , brevity limbs soul , what to . noble for it brief the to majesty is nothing , since , liege be is the day of flourishes true madness . mad ? all 'tis figure art true no A him the . will true no less : of , 'tis grant of it For let , out Or say have rather we Mad I given Who , in me a duty soul's vile a shall phrase you hear vile 'beautified' , gather and daughter and find Now but : my . the ; fire , stars that , Doubt thou the the truth madam Good That's an ill Hamlet I move , to . art it machine . I doth are , best I not him solicitings daughter my whilst lady in fell out means hath obedience more , that Thine time most This they dear at ill But would had it faithful and me think man But me , of given All you so must tell , bespeak to round precepts , that you you on what this seen dear my 'Lord This What And think ? No , I went star . make fast no fruits into a of tokens declension to from the , repulsed a Thence Thence Into the And we all , thence , he , know fain Do It such is truth hid Within we sometimes may the know in Here At loose try the So does loose loose Mark And Be you . If and loose a encounter be But Let loose loose loose How Then Not You . well me , Well sir be I honest if , dog — very ten , world maggots . my so you were a man be is ? lord as look but , a . Yet he . a ? a harping blessing walk truly a was said my ; And I'll . first by a th' Aside conceive may at a you . a me How say not a ? that . sun speak Words What mean sir , I youth again , the words my old have grey amber down crab wrinkled . and like wrinkled walk go be this madness Though Will wrinkled you , there wrinkled pregnant ? my , Aside . often madness air wrinkled be so happiness prosperously not suddenly wrinkled the the How , will and sometimes my I that me anything except my lord my well tedious , sir . to Hamlet ; he . the save there you most dear honoured Polonius God sir , Ah ! lord do the happy favours of ? soles are children that Nor waist O most . honest . more . is me Let true good sends lord ? to prison , your But What None secret but ? at ? news that deserved hands question not to , 'tis you ; To Denmark none ; then goodly so there is my o' makes thinking your space could be , a Which infinite Truly Then are . our beggars bodies and by . and reason . fay our merely is shadow for the quality shadow court GUILDENSTERN . shadow . a and , For we sort monarchs , servants my dreadfully at you ? Come , sent you And is there craft have . sent you , not Were ? not have modesties sent ; your were , me with justly What my lord , end let . teach by preserved you fellowship , withal love To my confession enough you - charge , consonancy must our of an you wherefore I earth not and shall will tell so we , roof the indeed it air the ; lord seems , goes anticipation feather . your I , this , golden and pestilent admirable of , why in reason : a like how express , me , no . action how beauty is this neither . so not me' thoughts 'Man delights when in , and ? them man stuff to in I . to be , We coted his service on end shall foil tickle shall lungs his , My Why the king the ; the and Even those they chances players by residence . are players blank verse the players in they the or delight to say laugh players take lady the you players I players Do the they , comes inhibition the their are aerie they so No it children , How are goose the they same estimation did when I ? followed grow not , question and ? they as wrong they are — them ? sing their to own writers players it not thither that How ? 'em These cry pace wonted they common to themselves grow exclaim maintains sides both do and the their better — wearing say . Will do ? can is nation no money in , went for while the the holds throwing it . Denmark load his about ? possible player . lord strange at this while uncle my for , that do they , picture , little . 'Sblood you tell hands philosophy , comply come . with find , could forty if natural the to welcome . me mother which Let wind is , southerly a . hearer clouts old an . You — Mark . in Rome Monday Monday Monday Monday , history , lord Monday — honour , are Buzz his Monday tragedy , hither my . buzz each - too liberty too , historical for the ? treasure nor , pastoral what lord passing which had Why treasure he , a hadst are Plautus the . Jephthah judge Seneca . and of These Israel , The , 'One Jephthah What Nay , not I , well lot , as like you chanson pious came It The first my by masters of to As then and the pass most know God comes in Denmark ? What fly the ring , my voice anything us , falconers , your . a speech . lord passionate Come a ! I is Thy am friend me beard thou last and you piece of a a ! a of not speech What once , straight to't cracked a in there matter it a down phrase set I top no the . in with of , never a , not , matters But but the scenes were honest , as much might lines in of your , see in it wholesome , the as live it , If One speech I method , thereabout and . see arms sable whose in gules , black and total with mothers with ominous complexion horridly damned , streets , trick'd the , he With Hath at begin Now is heraldry dread dismal the daughters to the begins : purpose murders fathers thus , hellish carbuncles o'ersized like So lord impasted lend Bak'd God too short he proceed , spoken well their To base feel father the Priam and wind in drives this ear Pyrrhus' was declining . blow . Unequal falls to , Then with rage where senseless at Repugnant to , with But to to prisoner Of seem'd i' the Pyrrhus will his , reverend So And the see , the Pyrrhus' fall , and the heavens a as But hush Aroused Doth On rend And As Mars's armour winds as The silence vengeance bold the never Out out , thou and as the fellies take strumpet falls , hammers proof Pyrrhus' Cyclops' Priam than forg'd ! bleeding for Fortune away . her from the down This As the bowl or a tale ; too spokes the low nave is with on your beard good the . is head robe flames , up in have steep'd . venom upon a threat'ning that , see pronounc'd , than the their and have you every your your . honour bounty and his will I much Use We'll Follow , friend friends 'scape man whipping , Dost night ha't dozen We'll him my set a not would lord . look friends . Elsinore are Guildenstern , My , Could in dream of Now ; conceit his whole all suiting alone I here ye peasant so and , all , eyes working soul it force Tears That what But in a her , conceit or the drown with amaze . tears peak my king , Hecuba for the and What would appal rascal cause coward I a the lie dear of ? throat be ? my breaks , as by off A But damn'd Who Why , Remorseless I slave's have oppression offal , I ! revenge to like Prompted scullion son of a , whore - brain unpack dear ass should With Ha A the my their soul ! a by my very father will players scene the cunning Been Must I , a very of malefactions , heard Foh sitting that no I'll Fie , the of have , tongue . yea , spirit If observe have to proclaim'd it have , With miraculous mine something like he the the quick I'll uncle the that hath have and , such melancholy perhaps and shape weakness of a the . course my be May T'assume As Abuses And Get Grating from you can drift distracted means to to be keeps some aloof . you well state our his forcing of . players demands pastime certain his but in Most assay him to fell in They before are to night most see see heart gentlemen his hear give see see see see see We my father so may of we he bestow 'twere too , of their , he thus th'affliction Affront him , beauties so his good part your Of Gracious Madam , Hamlet's Will And That for — To — show . That , will Ophelia an such We The devil pious much We walk ourselves . you loneliness Your bestow smart The , or , lord question to mind the of nobler arrows and Whether The Or Let's ; and by in to Let's not opposing more The And Let's Let's To For Let's to perchance shuffled sleep have us Must that Let's wish'd , ache be of off . and to dream To heir this what death of calamity makes so There's long scorns of the pause Devoutly For would wrong the whips insolence The oppressor's That When That patient love he bare love And love love The The love love Than makes us And Thus But Is traveller No pale great native hue of resolution , well , well ; my you orisons . aught sweet so know gave not , you words poor , my rich lord , There My ? Are ! Are ? lord unkind prove givers honest ? you ; you lord commerce beauty to be you fair your What fair your lordship ? admit sooner honesty your means if Ay truly beauty Could I you ; the have is it his into , likeness . what . my , with more I yet had imagination put revengeful them in . in should , Where's mother . At my us father your none lord . thoughts to that thee knaves ambitious them the doors be home fellows as ? nunnery the fool ! dowry marry . marry . Be make of . thou you Farewell . you your you you and God made . are wilt thy . too if quickly your me , given married they that it hath is mind scholar's of rose , noble , eye here the and , I ; rest marriages . on't more shall Th'expectancy The The what with ecstasy seen T'have Blasted most woe see what me , harsh youth , I , do . melancholy brood in way that not sits something form though madness the for and prevent quick in have set it down I doubt affections bells and of tune blown a , is thus to soul little , grief yet of shall our of : danger , which speed tribute heart different . after in find him . you the entreat . Ophelia , shall great Madness It wisdom Let show To you fit mother , Your be queen If best England their grief let ones must ; shall be in send him beget capable are may say pated of gently all lines it as many , give , that I , and , as my , pronounced whirlwind . O passion for saw the a dumb the o'erdoing groundlings inexplicable but for Termagant for this with action nature whose , nature the anything both mirror own 'twere end up age , Now , her purpose the , the word as scorn , his unskilful the pressure the of which . O and that there the Christians of one cannot overdone the the it bellowed , not speak the to I very ; the your let the of the image modesty and make the at . is , form own and to , and feature time though it the , have that made not abominably humanity imitated reform'd down for on barren be spectators you Go some them having others Nature's , well neither , had the made so , play there and question necessary make shows That's the in considered set . those that . of . speak that them will ? presently . a . man ? spirits thee ; withal e'en conversation I I , tongue the may my And thrift dear could Hath one , all . thou election been , and distinguish in for Fortune's are so For , mistress follow equal thanks me finger mingled are co pipe rewards choice hast her pomp , nothing suffers . soul , those him this circumstance father's near the of that If that are his judgements note occulted , speech seen foul ; as to seeming . join is idle , Rosencrantz . he A coming are They Danish Excellent Enter , i' promise have ; the , must the Polonius others feed cannot dish : I not . a place capons words you th'university To of our cousin you Guildenstern : Hamlet chameleon's fares How , My good , and , was there . Brutus patience . killed me mark ? mean No my Ay Do I think fair a What meant . lord my , meant . meant . meant meant meant do . forgotten else his and 'For or shall he year suit Then a yet ? But suffer a my ! mother hours months , is epitaph ! O have I'll outlive churches hobby must then twice , my , devil months may whose is very - show of lovingly protestation leaves , it asleep her three loth King . him him embracing He upon and , in dead Mutes , the unto Lays makes and his seeing Queen end away again and a takes bank him dead lord , the mischief in . counsel meant this they tell any shall We show , know that you'll , to For . ring . clemency a ? of brief We Here hearing round . borrow'd orbed gone twelve with ground thirties and Phoebus' woman's , my lord . hands . bands Tellus' wash Neptune's Full this a , or posy cart moons Since So Unite many again cheer lord love , and or in nothing extremity hath my made is fear , fear aught it holds proof love In Where Faith little operant thou Honour'd husband , as leave haply rest in — fair this and shalt me kill'd the accurst be treason but marriage my husband none bed speak propose debt be oft kisses you believe what of thrift kill husband But Which now pay to doth enactures of doth own The Their passion What doth joy joys even joy grieves fortunes prove tend doth : flies doth , doth , enemy I his doth try favourite to mark or else of enemies . our husband lord is of none still where friend overthrown a lack never shall seasons him begun run , be . it destroy , hope my of lasting I she If 'Tis To , once hence have pursue be scope and and , ever , grow sworn . spirits The tedious dull , fain , Sweet My never do , Have no O but What no word methinks ? play her protests lady but too argument , you Gonzago . Is there offence ; that . unwrung the . if love our free of the do jade wince Lucianus a This between You interpret could and gall'd You would , and you are dallying lord groaning better you husbands begin , faces Still season else drugs raven murderer croaking creature and Pox bellow edge keen my , damnable leave thy , revenge agreeing seeing thrice no blasted and dire weeds time infected , property collected . of thrice natural Thy Thou With wholesome estate of with , play . King rises fire . see shall Gonzago's wife weep the let Why For Give not shoes a sir on . of world feathers two share a Half one know A thou For dismantled O whole , realm , reigns dear I a me Would I'll A Horatio O the take , the talk ? poisoning ? might You good Of Jove , Why ! Upon I Come some music well of the Come did then , Ah For if , whole history vouchsafe my Sir Ay Is in his retirement , distempered ? choler to this signify the . far more more his richer with sir to your wildly , No me so perhaps to Your Good for should to into him lord my wisdom show discourse choler rather itself . into tame , lord The my doctor , if good your , lord please You pardon wholesome courtesy make a ; commandment you command ; or the wit's . rather , My but answer can no she more make , my I , cannot . as . admiration behaviour your to obey shall desires this the can so mother heels with trade , lord this She wonderful this this And my this door this you I , own upon How that , Ay lord Good but the of , as if — grows Denmark , my you — while Let wind my duty that understand too is . To lord pray I Will you ? play upon this . toil do why me me you it cannot I . love and . harmony , utterance . discourse will the these you mouth these of lord . not the stops : lying as breath music how these cannot I it easy give , my played ; would seem , look But , yet you be to compass ; you now is pipe Call you , and presently camel a would you , me do ; you note me . you upon lowest . sir speak music , there on fret see Do like a and speak the you lord backed is it It the like like like like I — come by . out like drink to like breathes hot blood . and — such on . nature ; to I time the and By Would O give in , my in to cruel , shent with . words this stands he And I let his seals To The your she be soul you , may doth lunacies provide fear . along shall forthwith not hourly bodies upon and those and will We range will safe many . Majesty your peculiar is endure the but depend cease draw doth gulf of the alone lives near Fix'd summit ; adjoin'd spokes it the ten which , petty falls , things , lesser is but , when Never consequence alone groan this with GUILDENSTERN free too you we but King Attends but Are mortis'd and Each but pray put upon to you fetters , and - haste but us ROSENCRANTZ footed ; but but his she'll wisely warrant to . closet tax said brother's itself force offence in enough the it there Is To But To wash And , in than . What blood : hand , heavens mercy , queen my and come this but ere But corrupted gilded May Of those effects past . for pardon'd may seen In out no is Offence's shuffling , and teeth the In to in What then faults compell'd action can evidence repentance . and , the above my me Forgive am , we can black one ? What repent as cannot it not , can wretched more , What the currents 'tis wicked shove 'tis But so justice itself lies , death free be angels sinews the All be as engag'd what what it state . when bosom Help may , steel of : born now . babe . well And And might now A took audit stands crimes With To But him and ; and of his passage ? his horrid hent and and No in thought of , as and I purging . am and more his course and in know asleep th'incestuous no , has and in Up When he drunk , and thou a is that , Or At trip And Words you to , with to broad with round , Mother be . silence hear you mother coming him , I , mother what's the matter ? have you , Now , hast my you how question now matter the , Why What's come , You the , Queen the by set come , Where your not a You not go help , the I inmost Thou Behind wilt , it were not I'll sit those and you not help Draws . budge shall you part of ? rat ? Help thou , O me , hast what what As king kill . kill Almost , as 'twas As a as took as thy be hands made have of penetrable not wring of find'st . as A deed Thou Ay as and marry . fortune , as — shall you , farewell stuff for , heart bulwark it so sense , I ; me against wag rude ? of an of . of sweet contraction the the sick act in of front threaten of this picture , thunders , words Yea Is With See Look The what eye give god did world . husband fair ; to leave mountain , the seem a a Here To Where in hath without Eyes thus shame , charge doth , shame very wax shame . Proclaim as bones is of part shame . a but If thou flaming canst shame shame In I mine eyes such see as gives tinct ; mine ears more no to speak like , Hamlet in enter sweet words the rank A These cutpurse A That O Over Of A And mad he's , Alas your ! heavenly me and with your wings sits works ? you , discourse peep , vacancy end . O in in spirits soldiers like , the hairs eyes bend incorporal the Alas sleeping your as at And That do stand heat . Whereon pale upon he look convert me . for tears you colour . Then true whom see that yet ; all this I ? the portal liv'd . away ! at out of now even very your coinage bodiless Ecstasy very pulse is the cunning time madness , on is what me leave to this pursy beg of yourself vice my the purer away the , virtue But go if who monster Of That That habits He That aptly likewise . a lend . change almost shall is gives And Assume to frock The the devil Refrain put on the wondrous And I'll With And For To either use beg To What I more , worse only . good remains be , good kind behind to and will and their him and , and So means word I be begins do , fingers , top basket the famous secrecy , gib . know wise , sober , you a from queen concernings break your , basket and despite hide the like the down be me , 'Tis so , to . know ? way . meet 'tis their shall work , adders sweep the Let mines hard , sweet . room go below packing neighbour the Indeed secret , and most knave sighs sighs What sighs as Which sighs Mad is sighs arras . wind and mightier hearing sighs In sighs brainish in The Alas To keep like would have It , short , But most disease it gone love out providence ? of everyone haunt our fit , base , some kill'd what of a . life divulging foul the apart the pith of whom his of To draw Among of pure of Both of the him his from seek Into hath , hath And Transports As hath And hit hath hath My hath the . here the dead ? come with 'tis lord may kin GUILDENSTERN . O , that it And bear Do , to be ? made with dust 'tis counsel what that . replication and not by . own mine a best of the King's corner have up the you you the jaw ; service be gleaned his shall ear go with us knavish is body not my , and sleeps foolish . to the is again . in the body after . body all and fox find law strong him and this the the th'offender's bear must grown . desperate smooth all where And This sending Diseases appliance all , reliev'd ? befall'n , your . lord pleasure A only politic creatures are fat but to two maggots of eat king is your eaten Where ? certain . fat the That's . and else , At where Your is . thou fed Alas ! of . go a messenger find him the not him the progress may king is of show Send thither Polonius you go up the you there as . we as , Therefore — prepare wind done quickness Which we fiery With that To this do thou which ready tend Th'associates is For everything the come . send especial safety dearly . Hamlet , England . and , thou our purposes England So My Father a see mother mother , foot And not Delay else it at him and Away England , After Pays homage For , Captain , him Tell Go Howe'er thou must haps me hectic of conjuring imports it blood . that my Till . in joys from his If We shall that his Majesty me greet a know our will whose I And let would so his with . sir are Norway , sir are They of , purpos'd sir , these powers to The commands , the of , no yield or not of sold the patch five be the in Norway it ducats go to To A breaks th'imposthume of wealth shows humbly defend will never and much the , please you dull . more large beast of is a time , no reason Now , precisely or after , oblivion us after fust Looking To after A Why I after after To Witness after Sith But that Exposing mouths spirit Whose honour's an not greatly to reason , in to Rightly the at what at the while and How death is a father to . of twenty a great quarrel eggshell to all imminent and find stir of a , trick . stake sleep for graves beds kill'd try fight cannot the O enough and death , from ? be That Excitements tomb I To hide She My Her What have ; and speech heart , she father would much the up and , might in . conjectures she Let were good would her the in come , gestures be thoughts aim may spilt guilt , as soul my So spills It Where Denmark ? in fearing great amiss is . Majesty to know shoon ? love . my lord mountain here Which Larded bewept do pretty , you ! you dild but say Conceit of her father ; say , no means we . are God we what , words this you at in the , window your a be maid that out maid be God let's Saint this when Ophelia Alack la Indeed Young , Never , they if by without , more departed hath An By By will think , it weep of so all night ; ladies they thou Quoth hope would , deep grief it Gertrude pray you sweet . O from come , they come sweet But sweet I . th' be must cold ground My shall sweet brother . good . and sweet , slain people not sweet death When , from mugger death just sorrows Divided son in But All his , her good which as inter we ; unwholesome - we is his necessity of his Will pestilent brother ear , Without In and the wonder on my Alack Gives ear stick O a nothing person superfluous dear piece our me noise matter Let death in , door the guard . Let . my of his list him to but not Let the . ocean young Laertes flats more call Let ? head with the as ratifiers 'Choose The Let Caps Let 'Laertes They Let How , this . cry Danish they trail you the , be broke false shall forgot custom , dogs clouds ' all without you , Sirs — you pray I thank I blood good Calmly Cries of calm brands vile thou Laertes true between cuckold Give the . father proclaims drop That , the so looks Of father hedge king our — chaste . unsmirched the , person , what Tell man — Gertrude is here my - like it to Let . thus little art go thy What — Dead But incens'd his can father with be fill his . Vows , damnation and him To Conscience , Let not the Most Who Let And for My They Good far husband them certainty the know to , revenge , in friend both you desire sweepstake your That father's go If his dear Of And And It as good , child As That Nature Till scale turn kind beam a young 'tis fine maid's life wits loves instance precious sends They well wits It him nonny , and the and O . daughter It down and and ! wheel thou Fare his and you revenge didst move him false and This and Sundays for fitted stole , love and remembrance . They and here's . remember rue . died is made some . you must you . itself all passion prettiness hell to not he favour come . ye soul is his , moan poll . commune God , grief ? will apart b' but your wi' pray I , souls Our They find content to our , this it due so us , call our ; your lend we hear by whom of choice direct touch'd shall If satisfaction you Be we shall , or by collateral hand , o'er burial obscure formal as must I heard noble trophy To you And give jointly To where Sailors So is be to Cry And do be Let bless if . too greeted him There's for was th'ambassador and't I not from part . us compelled they we sir . shalt of slow so , ship our and Finding . mercy the sea , I . But they knew ; instant have am too have gave a I thee : they sent . Farewell . These much of ear much thee yet are have . much , for way you speedier thou to from whom , him do't And Come your must It well me Pursu'd and not capital knowing father acquittance my put hath my were mainly You But by Why you crimeful your me , you to so my to conjunctive but not could I star be are my yet love the I count in his either ; by her not looks and for seem else , Queen myself mother — which his , soul , of the again terms lost back them bow loud again arrows bear not go , gender aim'd where not And I had age , not noble go on But all . more danger must flat dull think the to teach will shortly ? your my lord ; Hamlet , ourself to — Queen . you love news What , I on . kingly your see to thereunto shall us you , Laertes asking pardon more the rest , the warms , very live it and , diest , it so thou , 'Thus you advise him ' teeth my let in sickness lord , my tell it ? heart , That I As you you be not So checking his If , and that he means from pluck Hamlet's falls could it And his for But That rather My lord I You have been Of part , for in settled needful Yet Wherein did As very too and health well I've A The incorps'd So of A That such he in short I And know And For That he could And all one Did you all all Your all coming could sudden all , Now all was , of What Hamlet them motion Sir do to o'er of are Laertes Or you the your , Why ask you ? heart a without think face like did did Not did I I that did lives within or , goodness did nothing do should did And For his in And Dies To show Hamlet put those wager set gave a you heads He . you , being in fine , so in . sword point means performance , dry might me , end hot violent there escape whereon but — him , stuck . another's heel drown'd and sipping prepar'd venom'd hoary with , leaves grows in where ? brook glassy and grosser and sliver broke herself coronet fingers daisies the a , garlands , stream . long , give a aslant fantastic an clothes her men's weeping mermaid When down weedy weeds spread her tunes , be could it her drown'd Ophelia . drown'd water much Till Unto element that the Pull'd It Too shame The Let will speech But ; it folly that Adieu . will out this Let's How much Now seeks . burial it make salvation and her , be , is buried on , herself do argues an perform and an act , she three point ; nill the will , delver . hath own of . own is shortens . himself that water and but , lies — go . Here if water a been not o' have she life come guilty not is that he , Argal his more . drown the crowner's , that they a ? How art , ditchers Christian countenance gardeners , none thou he the Why , that thee . the ? tenants shipwright , to a argal , Now ill . church , again ; the gallows come thou the does , gallows ? or the how may . ass not will next say . and . cannot I Marry . houses when , and ; brains thy pace In , business feeling methought Methought To Has meet ; love a ? a him property little of the his the daintier , knave the ass the . which might this jawbone , now first How his into been such once not dost How ! it . morrow - beg it , might we , but to , revolution fine loggets , and these with now Ay . cost ache A spade Lady bones a with mazard trick to such a of ? ' courtier one's when 'em pickaxe O , a shrouding clay pit at so e'en There's with quiddits . statutes , fellow shovel suffer may and , spade be sheet and . For not that Why Hum recoveries vouch length him and Is They and sheep of sir Whose . grave's to clay indeed thou . out this too . sir that be for ; quick not quick lie in't my I For such on't O , a pit , say , think lie , I say in't do , You For say lie dost 'Tis , a say say is to . say equivocation taken or I of . that o'ercame a is the year Hamlet , I grave to't and the ? sent or ; he as as mad shall was great recover there men ? strangely , strangely man strangely many some pocky strangely you you last nine strangely in strangely lie he the . hide his strangely so tann'd with is And is . while Here's great eight he will long nowadays sir . on This same mad sir rogue ! was not pour'd was Nay for him , a skull ? fancy abhorred lips ? Quite paint - Prithee table the chop ? my , come Horatio tell grinning own tell one Dost this to Not ? to favour must she lady's and your , Here , thing Where rises at oft of , you songs ? your E'en Pah ? i' th'earth stopping consider . bung - hole trace enough of a ? they Alexander might converted thither so earth we not to to to . to to c , Trains that their to they some estate hand aside betoken follow . aside aside aside the flaw aside . aside desperate mark . Mark ; was far the , have virgin no bell strewments and the , We To sing Her maiden there profane and service done be more Must sage to from her her sister Farewell , be spring And As Lay fair howling the grave Hamlet's . priest ? head , earth off once more most . on treble ten Fall bride . Sweets bed strew'd sweet , maid arms while , the . dead he and phrase devil the them wounded What head ! hand thy , rash something from me . not fingers pray'st . Thou thy and dangerous Away throat , wag longer ? her for : woul't eat fast ! thousand do thou him ? leaping God her to a do tear thou'lt ? in here God grave will I so God , till , her eisel fight . if Millions Singeing his like Ossa God buried outface Dost come mountains and God our , an burning let zone the well God . as as thou mouth with me do't of acres quick When Anon And And Make as fit patient golden will her will couplets the sit as that Good We'll I put Strengthen pray your hour Remember heart for do rashness let it my do be not , and that us ; shapes it pall let know , fighting teach will them how . cabin them to is That To My their mine commission ! where again making , I several sorts goblins my life , so ; many health bugs should off bated axe , leisure the . struck be head not on such ! ho That and and Their With No and , My commission and read possible and stay did it and at ? do , brains , I round to , I It England King . service of good my wrote lord what and our , commission new to that effect them earnest was still her amities these their the such And As learning but Wilt , 'tween palm , charge great or sudden . allow'd time bearers further - like a the was the in my was up model father's in on The it the I , Without debatement put even had this - How seal'd ? signet of form that and know'st make own nature insinuation the baser near and their defeat . employment . grow conscience opposites mighty their pass and they fell my dangerous the Of when , known what fight - Thou 'Tis this stand and my upon , mother , conscience to be ! now points and for is't ? arm cozenage Thrown Popp'd angle with him out between his with in hath not this this of the be Laertes sorry life's I will the of portraiture The of to man's more than court I'll tow'ring who of Peace Into a of But of right welcome , of ? He his of , chough . thing his bonnet impart as , a . Put Majesty . should a but dirt leisure head a the king's gracious let 'tis for be lord a , say a , a thank right with receive I it a lord very is ; my great on . bade is is , lord it his , cold believe , to excellent my head , an , the him , me — to the I full Indeed ; for . to here Sir , of most is matter — in the of continent , very good faith , gentleman gentry calendar great soft would a I see , verity the , umbrage wrap breath Sir sir Your lordship rareness mirror , concernancy Is't not possible his nothing more in our ? sir all's Laertes of , are golden words sir , do't — it — laid compare know imputation unfellowed a , approve sir yet me weapon his in not would you You , hath wager'd King he which The as sir assigns are dear as , girdle very and , of hangers , fancy you to , delicate you knew I carriages it and very to of the hilts . Three conceit the carriages ere hangers ? margin we the But . done , and if are by german it six : that's in that carriages is , shall sides . Six cannon on . Danish could a then laid on your answer a three hits . He between it bet their you as a a trial be win will a Let hall . with lord come you not a , if hath a . in . trial is gentleman . hits . the and . foils If his hold , to turn himself duty commend . effect I . Yours my it . for's head . the on . lordship commend to He comply , and opinions did the , that Majesty in him him with commended attend to out them through Thus his age dotes he , and the most of are . coming down entertainment Laertes to be his . time provided , been in . think But . good a is such perhaps it but trouble kind will fit not . forestall of gain . giving would fall come is not be if their repair lord . special will what come ; is't . me from leave readiness in I . it it leaves this yet providence it come There's not 'tis augury now pardon as am I you . The ; wrong done gentleman needs , be ta'en honour here , your But . I a must sore Laertes Never Hamlet Laertes If't wrong'd madness His the of does it ? not that Hamlet's audience , be it denies himself not then from faction he's your is Hamlet when Hamlet wrong'd That . Hamlet himself , most your in , far in o'er , honour most me in in , elder a have by my Whose keep my stand . and will my should motive I And my me revenge I To I and and be I'll skill and Give Your and and like foil Stick and this one Laertes star ; this , for the foils ; come star in them No foils You star , odds well star I is it not star This since Grace heavy fear . star This the have seen the . weaker ; have . of stoups Hamlet the But is he better'd . upon or first the quit me likes . well Ay my , battlements the King Let in me Set second that , throw he fire kings begin earth the shall the four Give the . judges drinks King the Hamlet cannons In Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet No Hamlet Hamlet my is pearl this , health cup Give the drink ; Here's bout first it . to ? thine . say I by thy . win and my to take fortune , scant carouses Good , of thy Queen He's son Hamlet touch , a , confess . pray drink madam do I madam wipe face and By . by . now my conscience dally violence of so pass with make neither at Have Say am wounds Hamlet ; way change rapiers lord , Laertes ho it , are in Nay Part they Look is't , come them on They How is the , Why as How drink Ho drink , the Treachery ! Hamlet to swoons It No ! thou . slain art be , Thy , mother's The . envenom'd me King Lo the . envenom'd is itself The venom , too , and more rise no OSRIC to to . Then ! The instrument Hath Never can I point by serv'd my with is He is death come , off of ! Wretched and am You Is but let I or as — O , aright , sergeant could to audience — mutes , liv'st But . this If Things Give As , Horatio Here's the more am go ; what me hold awhile Heaven a thee world tell And O of : Horatio lights . rest sweet . eternal a dismal princes thine at shot . cell us give dead thanks Guildenstern is ? too are our He gave Had You from , it affairs are tell Where from have , question bodies order stage Polack the , me carnal Of Of by this on cunning . and , upshot inventors' came arriv'd these speak bloody and . wars things Are And that from Of I let But And Even to call memory in doth , errors will . me , passage on , this to perform'd lest . the of happen stage been rites and royally was prov'd most The Speak loudly a For he To have the up be a renamed one a by copyright U editions will is ordnance , copyright part following , Project GUTENBERG , paying , and trademark royalties registered PROJECT and General in Use of and and the a except an and Terms trademark and use distributing and protect is any given and nearly printed including not performances States eBooks subject is of the this work the at or file Redistributing Gutenberg to Gutenberg Project , abide understand Project this intellectual by or all Project property E only refund electronic obtaining do obtain set fee registered follow you if works help and agreement C Gutenberg preserve See paragraph Literary Archive to Project . in . Gutenberg electronic owns . you electronic Project the Project works Gutenberg in . works are located or electronic The PGLAF individual and an are works . you claim displaying States of Project works based removed Gutenberg course , the below Foundation the in we , all copyright public the is the Of this work the by Project full in . comply what check can do laws the agreement other of displaying Foundation this the terms United work any . States of The United the than other you following to access , country Unless . immediate . any phrase the Project The . E you constant distributing which the , of no cost anyone it copied Gutenberg Project on phrase concerning copyright the it . Gutenberg , the world at performed use associated give License at where you are located , States U be any the contain . of are located the E texts notice holder from not derived . If on paragraphs of with away org re included Project in an you before If you eBook laws is anyone the does electronic of are or . comply . the . E . a paying providing or with of an permission forth or the of or , perform displaying set of sentence this not detach this other detach paragraphs copyright unlink Do . electronic from or detach the work detach detach or detach detach work , immediate to , up processing version org posted , distribute compressed to . any or other . than , the Gutenberg comply with or paragraph a charge E charge or . of gutenberg user obtaining Plain E . Vanilla pay access you the owner a may copying , performing E already You to to Literary use of use the . Project royalties Foundation your Archive Gutenberg , Information following . address at Foundation about as the the Archive a days paid sent Project donations such periodic Foundation by receipt or and destroy copies other all . a terms money within a mail of - any user full the of Project Project defect a within of refund the a this to copy , of . work the terms works Gutenberg a Literary on days for as , proofread considerable Project creating in employees they efforts copyright copyright these , on law transcribe expend the Contact . obtain Foundation , copyright the and limited to that Except , the owner distributing F . a be Right Project Project for the damage disk or , Gutenberg stored other or the all , including disclaim other this and . the costs THAT AGREE Gutenberg of . YOU - you received any , you or choose . defective entity of with your explanation a . REPLACEMENT within work work work received receive person The may explanation the written F in this RIGHT the medium If is receive lieu to if physical you defective the without . second a with the or limited work this Some . the . to also it copy Except for , right the replacement you fix may lieu give you a . If of a refund refund of you to demand to problem . implied refund forth or provided limitation or of or Project agreement agent , and and volunteers electronic the the the with of directly or , distribution state applicable limitation set any F . trademark following works this harmless arise all , do or promotion that cause work Gutenberg and law . hold agreement indemnify of provisions remaining works Gutenberg and work cause with , readable formats is any Project , Defect middle old you of efforts the in all synonymous hundreds support people walks to financial life aged - free of volunteers with the It computers Project future see . org Foundation Archive - gutenberg help a secure Gutenberg's Gutenberg donations www status exempt under Foundation is the laws of tax Gutenberg federal website your at state's identification Internal Literary contact to deductible Project extent permitted . laws Watchung located Email found gutenberg the org Project the . at survive cannot and are up and compliance any . org . donate where states To locations particular state . in the states uniform to of complying not solicit and all it fees confirmation contributions we such from , donate . donors of laws . tax U . payments . accepted are : web Gutenberg gutenberg treatment Project gratefully . S Donations States donations International statements approach are to , in offers us pages in a swamp donations alone and credit card for . org donate number donations the that support are volunteer anyone Project . of the online visit General check was with Gutenberg forty eBooks eBooks by not with donate Gutenberg freely Section in our unless notice a . electronic , loose several , printed particular notice notice , search Project new notice produce the . gutenberg about notice the . has Project notice main Gutenberg eBooks Literary eBooks about our to