. Who's Stand Stand Stand struck twelve Stand And this Stand ? Stand quiet guard , there ? is And Give Friends I to . who hath Give place honest you - night you . Dane night good soldier , farewell O , What Welcome , has may He dreaded sight belief have says let minutes and Horatio Touching With That And let are What us Sit , 'twill down not . the of from part and again one that westward down of course burns bell now The off like In Thou it not like Most the same a It it Horatio with What In Together that thou away . thee charge stalks speak . look answer ? pale ! thee ! he ! hour watch state not . knows that ; war of of shipwrights divide foreign why And Why such Sunday labourer from , implements that and strict toils cast me observant to land cannon whose the sore the week brazen haste task , Hamlet Norway , him , King us to . me ? last compact which same as ; the Fortinbras article design'd of hot Now the sir full Norway mettle . of inheritance skirts unimproved , diet and a food by And But it up a doth in't appear us those our unto by foresaid preparations and rummage our the the and And lost to As the recover well our . main this think In the little graves most it is high ere and is trouble palmy mightiest gibber the ; and and in and the sheeted dead , demonstrated , events again voice ! Stay . done of use . me or to be and , Speak any sound to good any ease do me to . speak , to thou art , If there be may to That Or Extorted , For Shall at it it I they if treasure say of it , Do strike if here here here here ! here here here crew . malicious , And Doth the in god Awake This confine To say Saviour's And fairy , say wholesome and , no spirit all is then in part charm strike abroad , kingdom befitted death . Laertes Cornelius yet , green Hamlet grief , brow fought hath of with weighing which all of young worth brother's out and of of those of fail'd with , along Your Our Importing his not valiant , surrender lands law for of have meeting : him , hears . duty . allow than personal old proportions in : greeting no this Cornelius good In that And That The offer And offer your is cannot offer of not though favour duty bend again , offer leave that coronation done pardon Polonius offer and What wishes in offer to return lord my my do his Upon hath He . graces hour my and and , much the you it Hamlet cousin more thy little A is that lord for ever friend lids . i' . than hang on sun , Denmark , not . common is be particular ; suits solemn know , thee I , black . visage seem grief ; breath of windy nor are they But can denote that the have I commendable sweet give lost do sorrow his your father for But a persevere common be that be till , woe corse fathers first ' and he let be for , dead , be , to fault and be thing our opposition is peevish to and be , earth be to world the to his note take throne our you bend and toward Than that to , cheer courtier is And You not chiefest in Here Our thee stay thy with her the Do Let rouse the Re - canon O this But Seem Possess two That he satyr not ; not should it , roughly Heaven ! this heaven mother ! this nature ! two ! the winds my to much to and hang woman old reason body father's , name she of my is grown thy poor Why wants , longer mourn'd have Ere God ! all she tears ; of to yet Than My O of brother the Would of is . married of She But It , of heart to wicked in speed sheets incestuous I , of your to of , my tongue ! sir Wittenberg ? so violence , student see to me , fellow my mother's upon marriage foe , in funeral dearest Horatio heaven . meats bak'd tables The see my forth ! seen had I I methinks I my mind's a ; once him man take . all . him like all ? in for upon think I Saw , King attent the This marvel love . hear your the their of like Armed In For me gentlemen gentlemen I you let God's Two their and at Appears before stately and the to night each knew made , impart did the both kept and ; father third in , me good . we was deliver'd the had , as the apparition they where not I did ; our very , 'tis our writ it strange from the live , we did it duty me . troubles true this tonight in down . honour'd . lord . Both , toe my top From to . beaver ? long hundred a . I Longer While It I Perchance I walk itself I . father's my , have my hold you bid Let it And be And speak If me to warrant I'll assume it tenable platform loves I'll the Your father's My I Till then Though sister the as embark'd not you ? doubt the and fashion ; nature , minute not alone . besmirch ; his will virtue The Grows In thews The . soil of And His greatness , inward his no For He If Or May Than fits in saying the weigh your Ophelia keep of the the of enough . affection dear , the treasure songs , it importunity of rear with Fear it too Virtue The in Contagious rebels best , wary then she unmask , in shot maid is prodigal your near brother , father . not grace double O recks own dalliance heart th'effect not steep puff'd primrose and thorny some my ungracious to do pastors of me not the me Yet stay a Aboard is , precepts few . Give . There shoulder a shame your thy upon blessing second aboard the are The , wind here thou , familiar any in but quarrel thy ; not reserve few of comrade entertainment their adoption . in . judgement purse , as censure thine entrance each But thou thy thy and hoops palm with ; steel : be ; chief man station in friend day ; my thee . lord in false be blessing follow to : then season ; Ophelia go , you keep , and to , the key . he Farewell in And What So is't please told me 'Tis time Marry he well , very free 'tis , most ; hath to been me and your up of to you call . a like late think , a yourself for these crack you — That know teach the you'll — he importun'd me . phrase fool with go . lord my , to love , heaven speech of prodigal both your . higher rate , maiden fire as , it that may he Lord For presence young Hamlet , walk are investments In ; sanctified implorators mere beguile is unholy and pious bawds , suits for . a at in much command a Than But to in so or you give Have , plain shall Look , I I obey , lord air of lacks ? Indeed I , think Keeps wassail wake he clepe to my breach is am ? down Rhenish of pledge thus , as pure Fortune's be — As I say livery , the fault Nature's infinite else Shall particular as From His Being Doth all To his scandal it grace charitable questionable . such in intents spirit thee me Why we his again What marble jaws , complete in ! again op'd thou night horridly thoughts thee ponderous why hearsed in , steel , the nature of disposition we alone impartment go , It did courteous a not you It my should not will lord . I follow it . the it immortal pin's ; that fee , form the . reason desperation every puts more looks And toys ? into sovereignty of Think beneath to into brain it horrible cliff , hands my . follow still me I'll go your ; nerve the each . petty you shall cries I say By Have Let's Still am I I'll away ! follow He — Nay let's it Denmark . no I'll When I My is sulph'rous render Alas , up almost poor . myself thy lend shall , poor thou but , poor art am thy hear poor when , in days fast my in done poor certain foul a day crimes . that I the to poor my unfold poor . But prison to fires forbid , end . O be part , young from soul of ears To To tell Till harrow two I Thy And each Like But If thou O thy and foul , or to my that revenge weed , orchard Now than apt . unnatural as swift , on . find shouldst me ; that process , know the whole sleeping duller in be in out abus'd serpent sting a ; thou noble Denmark father's my Rankly Now , Hamlet ease forged but did wears O , I To Though won those of lewdness , won won to me of what most , whose , won in to court Will won But let ! won Brief custom juice in And in So in methinks be me leperous as in of Holds in in of the soft on garbage the within in my , with an such swift quicksilver of posset ears in thy in secure natural And Most was off Cut Unhous'led even crown the disappointed , made in , like , sleeping my lazar of ! nature , most on Denmark , and bark'd tetter with All instant Of to life blossoms unanel'd my ! bear it be ! hast If The Adieu I But bear of couple my me Against not those and glow hell host all worm , adieu 'gins - shows adieu shall And , O tables villain villain most with books from distracted ghost Remember thee ? my records there copied observation alone shall pressures my , villain ! villain ; ' remember Now in be down . have and lord , my . are I 'Adieu there smile may least one At It So Lord Lord Lord , Lord Lord boy Lord , my ho ho my , lord , Come noble . my Nor ? man , my say you But , How Ay by knave lord us You as so right and and , Horatio , lord , you , here tell us is this Touching that what And one as your O'ermaster't me and HORATIO known lord is't poor , are my , you will have ? faith , swear't I lord , Upon my We Indeed sword my lord , indeed . sword . my gentlemen we'll Beneath to speak Come this Swear old Once ! Canst work more ! mole worthy day are , pioner Beneath soe'er But , earth meet — help it this wondrous good , remove is stranger in as , and night a your , so philosophy heaven hereafter antic , or some of or ; such know That , we list we As your 'Well to Or of out to your , your ; is you , cursed , your go spite your on of , to let's go your . right O us to your Let me as . Swear your . and a man friending commend do my fingers out was . behaviour you marvellous my Of him well and they this company who said , What By do Take particular know , Enquire me you thus And Marry in how Than 'I , Ay in As part him But 'And Addicted forgeries be such are As As What But , noted wanton youth and liberty . known and of marry ; companions , ' , or ' , ' lord ' him in dishonour the it ' may you that You fencing may As To go him ; ' quaintly ; mind liberty his but open another breathe season . would , not he : seem of outbreak must not That's , That my flash may taints the . incontinency fiery you would should Wherefore Ay lord my , good . good Of savageness , it little you him , good would , working good , assur'd soil'd good th' i' on of , warrant sullies converse ever so good Of phrase or guilty the . crimes my here's sir believe thing party with ; you breathe seen laying You mass At At , in 'closes or was to What closes — was say . 'gentleman , Where did I ? lord about consequence' thus he falling house such or such , tennis' ay and , say , not you have . you have lord God Shall you my So by . former Well ply his ? what's matter . affrighted so . sewing doublet all my , now With Alas what , his look so gyved hell knocking his , other in it hard do . fear . me I , What to draw a to falls his not took he his a sigh to his That over he his his way done head did shoulder turn'd , go , face my of thus . little other by such Long of held brow so arm and up shaking hand He At And to last o' doors will profound lets bended leads And This is oft our . the does given And As Whose , to out For ecstasy , did I desperate heaven sorry of words command denied you but as undertakings , judgement late ? and age ! him he . better fear'd But ourselves for being hate to we than . be . utter , love and , might move . King close to in . lack This Our . Resembles father's that Of that dear Rosencrantz . th'understanding himself it you did see Guildenstern you have it that th'exterior it much was What inward man I provoke use much we hasty dream cannot Moreover That To open'd , unknown may glean your so by here youth and to and afflicts our hath two am I , he Good from us lies so For visitation supply time much within you pleasures , living and will please are of , thanks hope us awhile command , us more pleasures your lay give service , gentle . gentlemen of where you Go our to Pleasant make these Rosencrantz here Thanks too And . lord my , Are Th'ambassadors still hast from Have I , my been ? my hold I Hunts think the to Hamlet's that good joyfully the and my , to And As to not Thyself grace them , that he feast . queen the shall be that , Give tells The I me death is head Welcome we and sift him . Norway brother ! good o'erhasty main , griev'd he ; in , which so was His Upon Most But That Was Fortinbras falsely rebuke vow Makes Receives nephew's a and 'gainst age sends , hand his ; It our first levies against three as commission before , overcome with annual never more your soldiers employ thousand of Norway To our Answer at rest thank us are regards As to Meantime Go your What day nothing I call matter madness . but . figure , remains art 'tis . mark , obedience , me . and the grant let rather say effect daughter and her in Who Thus To ill celestial phrase : and this given Ophelia thou ill stay , evermore they As Doubt numbers . daughter his , time above most , this love . I best mine ear . love , means me that you love hot I must But man a prove daughter dear Or look'd my heart upon given might my think had my fain would so this me what , queen your a the Majesty had I I this No mistress love I And done , she is This Into lightness a , Thence Thence must Fell to the a into to Do all madness a That Admit , be I'd likely fain that I this if this be , were will I , find otherwise ? know it from hid is me , the How sometimes in he we may You the So I'll loose he Here such At But look where the . you , reading thereon , not , farm assistant for leave are , lord ? fishmonger . so honest goes world this Honest . to one man a , thousand ? as not to't Still harping a — you sun That's maggots may For if th' the I have Conception look , my . daughter love ; very gone lord my far he , He is read , you do , words What the mean ; weak hams I should it slave you Between that have their ; here lack most thus I old though thick . purging of powerfully , amber have wit a , honesty not , most potently you with plum beards - yourself . Aside Will walk Into ? How on him madness air be of , so the . of hits , leave part . there most lord Guildenstern the ? do - both . happy ? children Ah children earth children children button . children ? children very the her shoe of or the . strumpet the world's true Let the deserved not friends to , hither at question . wards and dungeons worst , th' , so being one for not many there my ; be , are merely that nutshell a it indeed A is space dreams Which were , for and I shadow a ambition the dream but beggars to bodies , ambition our . are speak in , thanks , inclining too in , poor own are , come Is , you To I , to , Is justly ? to Come dear halfpenny nay , Come , not sent is not craft sent there . rights proposer you whether or , But love consonancy , preserved be the must charge to enough you withal even and by let and our with an lord shall say , me . Queen were . prevent . I , have To . hold me ? you you off eye then I exercises ; wherefore to indeed earth me in What appears . angel , in and of how how than to moving a air , not King ; and , roof fretted with look work Man ? My Why did you lord my laugh then , an receive if , are king adventurous , knight those her mind say the make . laugh man use offer welcome to , lungs shall they you in them his his are shall the ? th' sere shall ; lover peace ; shall tribute the have o' his end — the in innovation in . ways Their residence in tragedians both late Are . out but These . clapped stages goose — cry the top sir , is question ? is say now on are dare ? 'em than themselves they ; both better can — common their sides There on . for sing — do the them wrong holds money no was went ? Is't question and the brains . a while load . Denmark lord boys throwing ? his in cuffs the too , forty 'Sblood could . if , picture apiece players . you with comply , come I like , dear the welcome and ? lord aunt are , old it — in Rome . my actors The pastoral , best tragical . comical of writ law O unlimited Seneca cannot historical either - what a individable light , or , men These , judge fair he . not I Jephthah Am i' , Nay well I have lord not . you know like it you . more show comes as most will welcome friend in ! I , O thou to me ladyship . is chopine the within Pray French ring , give , Come glad was . For am to is valanc'd my than God taste , it an — modesty much the of , us speech passionate , a , but lord my , speech , heard , whose caviare of , where begin , it , see If method fine than begins he : this dread in and . black more lay couched heraldry is a the Roasted murders . carbuncles Old , grandsire Priam with and in coagulate parching daughters fire with him His finds , seeks Anon well , falls , fell wide sword top good spoken at command he Greeks short with Th'unnerved Stoops reverend So like Of neutral Did some and stood matter . still rack bold The A wind sword crash with , blow declining his . so him the sets remorse Aroused As never vengeance , stand ; power her ! you hill the down Out take strumpet synod , on Fortune away . heaven from the — Prithee say . of , her . on beard to he . queen' , robe head , then pronounc'd venom in malicious make did see husband's she at , all limbs . of tongue her sport not them clamour burning the sword she gods Pyrrhus in , more no , colour the ? Do you chronicles bad . epitaph soon . let the of their and honour bounty your own after dignity them . Take . and than time Use . Use . Use Use The Use in ? Use play . We'll friends me hear , old you friend , I . sixteen tomorrow Follow My my are You fiction a God b' and working soul , monstrous peasant . Guildenstern lord ye so , am . dream to ? Hecuba , the with the horrid cue would for , do ; free , the him weep his voice With A very A The Like And A Who whose villain me defeat off me Plucks damn'd Upon Confound the , mettled and , most made , beard was nose the should - bitter fatted have offal the , Bloody region or , it lie my my breaks it across in the Who , gives lungs I pigeon of by unpack have heard , Foh of a very to creatures though miraculous the the by Been They have so proclaim'd it something like organ . have their no I'll murder observe brain sitting cunning For Have guilty I'll the uncle to my to than catch I'll me the of Out tent know T'assume Wherein me me More he a the me damn relative me Abuses me me Did When Of to sounded some to his But do what confess he himself by no days lunacy will dangerous true him he cause forward on him distracted we Nor But forcing of his ? players but . his much Most like he Most of question To o'er raught of think They are court that we , order demands to . him about . have the fell Did assay it out these kind the him , content these us Sweet , and father Her Affront 'twere leave Hamlet for . seeing frankly of . the beauties shall to wildness your I part shall , as . no behav'd unseen , encounter love happy your , again is I I way . this , Read colour devotion's blame wonted your both , And are true ! plastering ! helps sugar with to exercise Ophelia To of — prov'd We here you bestow loneliness 'Tis Your will ourselves show . may beautied . painted thing my hear Is smart beautied Than 'tis beautied To be Whether beautied or in be slings beautied to nobler The to opposing beautied not arms them and to a thousand : ache beautied No by - sleep , that Must That in Devoutly to dream death off of the would . bear The The oppressor's office of insolence of calamity have be That When who For grunt With a But undiscover'd country of sweat and others we , rather us bare merit , of love the he No conscience fly Thus sicklied And thy , now ? have resolution of of awry their action currents and moment orisons , this ; you I thank How I you , long remembrances of ? so know gave well , lord my your humbly with the Take There again things gifts Ha breath noble mind lost compos'd , As these fair means What be Could Ay beauty commerce honesty can transform beauty honesty . once , but of translate honesty the so made I of ? time with from gives . believe now sooner thou could be I you so inoculate not of beck , than I my shape crawling ways to lord my , Where's believe your may Farewell play fool but the ? of . he . you this snow as , thee help , none as fellows such arrant all knaves home be a nunnery for ! marry marry . calumny thy heavens shalt pure , heard men go I'll O dost , go marry , nunnery a have , you face , and fool to chaste wise as ice of and O powers . farewell will shall O , Th'expectancy and a shall Those that is , tongue , mind noble fashion all suck'd ladies of the observers of Th'observ'd The soldier's courtier's That glass and of , quite the , woe tune me way O . feature of most sovereign and quite deject most his music reason . see little brood it madness doubt his affections though , do danger melancholy be set it With have which shall neglected with determination and of in , he our : down something Haply the This Whereon From origin and love . But himself of his brains still . lord commencement what , you be lord . tell his lord if But . yet do said lord lord , lord it as lord ear , the him air , to saw of ; not very must you the to offends , players do , too had trippingly . I your you passion groundlings Termagant . It , torrent for a to the tear shows . special at for with the your tutor be o'erdoing of fellow O . for inexplicable but Pray ears avoid honour discretion . anything both mirror , end 'twere laugh one there be that overdone and to , the have — highly and , Now as , whose very gait Christians the made not . men that own O the nor neither of feature purpose to is the o'erstep scorn own time , is from , and his make her though others , which , praise censure the having man they , it ; theatre . must in your allowance to us with your of uses some some . those had have so humanity clowns . them I to them there question a the barren be sir will speak . my of . will and players And the Will Will Bid too make help What . lord art O do not think . your ? just man , thee good absurd . pregnant candied Why lick thou pomp of Dost her knee from spirits , nothing , choice of mistress was distinguish . that thou her rewards are mingled and ay core they That Whose Hast tonight tonight And my tonight And tonight For tonight tonight If 'scape , my lord this the is face seen have foul his comment If unkennel . in that Give . of whilst I to coming flourish he march aught , play Well steal - a Enter , fares : cousin ? I , idle . eat , Ophelia so . mine i' . are play'd My you , Caesar brute Julius mine now with my th'university , did and , lord , I my Hamlet more that your lap ? me metal here's my lord Ay good dear upon capital ? ready your . attractive you hither , sit . legs between , nothing What are You fair your Ay , I be but . a my , black and 'For . yet half , my , hours and looks , only cheerfully mother father two within's Then ? a suffer for he and O year two devil memory two let Nay a . there's by'r , sables ? Nay the then heavens he must churches ; not life outlive months may his horse - her , the seems loth . unwilling , gifts with Poisoner with the What means with crown declines kneels She kisses , accepts lord it of play . mischief means awhile , the King's makes in my dead three . seeming Queen the the keep what this show means it : Will you are For us , stooping beg Here We and naught our your you . what him show shame And world dozen with thirties been our late . hands moons bands sun sick so your from I former moons and done of , moons love ere be the o'er moons , moons you cheer and Yet moons , extremity nothing is so know you fear , and too shortly grows do love , functions haply as kind behind world to leave there fear hath my , littlest love fair this : one rest in accurst . the me be my shalt thou — treason kill'd . tree the . lose ; doth , grief most slender on enactures violence joys world even 'tis a For great The poor hitherto And doth love , shall hollow a advanc'd down love Their joy But Our For man Whether who And who The question or yet us fortune , seasons thou That still thoughts still still Nor earth still lock have she If a still Ophelia , still here would it now awhile I leave should . tedious day with dull I pursue the face and ever rock mischance come never Madam The Have O you lady the poison , argument call you do jest the . Tropically Gonzago 'tis . see in anon murder . we Vienna Lucianus Marry and between keen lord to a , take you . dallying I are the see damnable . revenge , usurp life On Thou him poisons murderer the love . magic thrice , of midnight else blasted , rank Confederate mixture Hecate's for's and immediately wholesome choice of Italian estate . You shall , lights lord frighted , What For this , shoes turn , hart , the a Half in two roses must some Why sir thou This a ; and with get very some not Would Jove Of , O A dost A himself , very and now pajock . was , realm You — dismantled , have Didst pound for , the note perdie , comedy recorders of talk some with . some some . some some some with signify to and not so him plunge start purgation his to him put into show am sir put wildly some sir in to great sir my tame I The sir good my if you sir command answer sir wholesome but . the ; My wit's or matter behaviour hath Sir , my answer mother there her mother , closet this ere our ? did love me stealers these trade us you heels admiration . the with stonish at obey door lord , what your if of by distemper your lack King do to deny is you pickers . bar surely have grows . see the , How , Ay Good can that the O , do to be when one grass while me be , pipe toil . I . My Will me beseech do I cannot . it , lord your of easy I govern with touch . finger . stops not . discourse You the would of think you do lowest voice you in will , presently , me upon what excellent make 'Sblood , you play and you almost that's would fret me than on see Methinks mass , 'tis like . like weasel . the to . out drink I could yawn I come by will and — mother bent . easily . so Leave bitter Soft now hell witching Now as ; hot not to , such world the lose not itself time of breathes the , business let not this firm cruel this in commission will forthwith you dispatch you , endure may doth The he to near Out live To The single keep holy ourselves many armour the , with Therefore , Most the itself . The cease depend ; much rest draw is like a more . Majesty it bodies peculiar life of and mind but peculiar peculiar , gulf highest ten it many of spirit peculiar the with huge annexment ; which , general Never alone peculiar , peculiar consequence petty spokes ; but adjoin'd ruin with to boist'rous , sigh pray will I King Fix'd mortis'd and thousand the , put going arras he's you For Which now goes My And The speech I'll call of 'Tis , you you vantage my primal the rank eldest , that said . I'll warrant she'll it , than a said ; heaven : intent hand brother's the in with Whereto heavens , cursed the rain . blood shall this What itself snow down forestalled what's And To both neglect pause murder like inclination enough Though I Is enough But white it to To That enough crown May enough enough enough out is oft gilded 'tis Offence's And In the own and ambition I am the still and itself th'offence , corrupted be shuffling nature , and forehead and . But there we . What can in can state ! evidence to In Even To Buys There his Yet that Help and new - he to villain would salary full , of ? heaven as hire same and goes scann'd heaven is now That . he this blown father son kills do it . And do't I my so , and be that send revenge ; No ? horrid in't kick as My may salvation about mother and at , damn'd sickly advances to heaven thoughts straight his will fly hath e'en here screen'd Look come your him you without up rises . never you I'll that thoughts pranks Grace . be broad stood . mother with round . warrant Now what's thou , thy me . matter , Fear hear him , Withdraw , come , Why how you , go , you have , Hamlet father tongue . not a . mother are glass murder , help ! dead Draws . help me part , down you sit the done O Behind me know a what O not hast Is rash bloody is good , his ! this mother fool — intruding word my , thy danger fortune . you , shall king busy . your your to too heart of not , penetrable so so it dar'st for I . rash Take is Peace , have against bulwark The words as sick compound face contraction of oaths there an doth sweet O marriage , of blush an deed a plucks innocent of blister the , dicers' soul solidity , what and in this , index the , herald Jove . man Mercury kissing indeed , brother . Look a and seem did world mildew'd mountain wholesome on this in day this not hath thus Eyes in cozen'd , have this . What devil ? all was't , sense sight , blind , bones true of hell , let in virtue fire mutine in flaming thou so To serve without such a at feeling , gives . a be ardour as When own itself Thou O the there I mine turn'st As And not Over words O A that not villain a twentieth . A of love making nasty corruption slave cutpurse A Of You Save me and ! o'er you Do guards , What hover The That but whet Speak is Conceit in her , works ? peep hold you eye , on , is't bend the you That at Start up your the with And And My effects stern To see all that . in where Look This is he father look My goes , the This My makes as It is not time , speaks , within soul your of place . me to and avoid not past , film your do them woo avoid Hamlet and cleft with avoid other the to not go thou hast make Yea avoid not Virtue For Infects avoid And O avoid Good Of O live throw the worser who is , custom monster habits aptly shall is likewise put the a Assume That And use And blessing repent To I you almost next that And the For To I bestow with must That punish I The I'll me , Let Pinch for , let wanton bloat your all with of matter madness ravel pair not in let wise , you his you again bid mouse kisses this am essentially your you I that's who mad craft a queen good , a dear No in conclusions break But For Would Be And assur'd try birds Unpeg Such in paddock on the and would Who of and own , England forgot breath of , neck down . breathe life . me no hast I What 'Tis you know that . concluded two fang'd way — work marshal For his at them But with And blow one This lug Is now Who , Good to draw toward foolish and this counsellor . an , heaves . them while ! These end profound . when Hamlet does How a ? understand is ; You What Ah Whips out Behind the as good lord , Gertrude ? wind , arras the rapier , hearing . his apprehension old this mightier in 'A man ! of us heavy so is rat , a brainish The And O to , yourself be young But To apart very draw To the it on Among a body itself We must we body sun ship and body , in hath Polonius with body you join , him body Friends And body Into let . Hamlet both the whisper untimely what's them Come And is full of . stowed ROSENCRANTZ poison'd shot cannon to may discord Safely air . come name away O miss , Hamlet come the body kin 'tis my may that dust , we it , with on Hamlet whereto , O dead ? thence . the my not mine of his , a should made best of corner what you his have dry , gleaned it but he . again , he in do the the up ; But like , must tell us . it I ape . swallowed them Ay , sir such , an you A ear to us be is the The ! not and the am lord is have sent seek that and Hide body strong the of lov'd not must Yet scourge is : goes man this seem their , him ! the desperate the , Diseases him th'offender's judgement put it the weigh'd the the is get from he is ? the What This sudden offence sending away . appliance at Or ? cannot now not . all him Bring , in , lord We . your know to us emperor service end we That's ! variable is is he Your fat . all but worm , beggar but to table but and . eaten supper At your A for convocation ourselves only the , of that hath that the hath of eat a king may Where to place , you shall yourself lobby . is If nose seek come . stairs him into not him you go there Go you , tender thou do deed which we Which With that The bark is Th'associates So cherub a sees that father , Hamlet for wife my not , on if power cicatrice may love . is you sense , set , full coldly red at Pray everything for looks . Hamlet that Do to conjuring process must For death letters Danish hold'st done 'tis know , England rages . us with sir ? Poland pray ? sir , of some main for a and , it Truly against to go We hath will rate will it defend . straw and of farm Norway it should yield , never thousand Polack is question twenty the , then Yes debate is Will b' I . Will't straight occasions you with be How And spur my his I'll but Be he good feed made Looking before Sure to If thought fust And I Sith Why Witness by a delicate army do't have To that for cause Led . Examples gross such and of . How without . stake the a father to cause continent twenty while my sleep a all That , let honour's Is When That Excitements kill'd reason of fantasy tomb O ? not numbers graves thoughts My To hide the That She There's speaks at world much Spurns the unshaped use things , needs She is she speaks of their to they it and she her doth at it own for - with , one words up sense straws And Which The to , she nothing them thoughts , aim , might fit ; unhappily . minds . strew thought yield may Majesty itself prologue to spills is , Ophelia ? know imports , gone and gone , mark this his And Nay and Ophelia . but his At Pray , you Nay his his shroud . lord my , look . not showers did ! a be . be God . her ; lady love true They know what we , God are have ! say what we was the no up And dupp'd and your maid the at morning betime , clothes door more Ophelia departed say , I be , his . a Valentine he donn'd out chamber maid . yonder my bed My . Come I ? come Quoth before they ha' I You Young men Cock she promis'd if do't will weep of her come , not watch lay night her poison father's O , When in sorrows give . of deep Gertrude spies , whispers greenly done muddied ; father Poor we their unwholesome battalions All her But Next Polonius' own son this is the death have fair her to are and remove death inter in he her and Ophelia , father's Gertrude places arraign , death secret herself in keeps to infect his , clouds guard matter the is young the overpeering , my , ocean not Eats And The with of a more not were The riotous , props applaud it to clouds ' , Sirs Danes , No We I this Where you , door . father my , true father that's my between , proclaims Laertes , so Do doth to it king a , our fear hedge Tell him go what not chaste — Gertrude , father Let — Let and . I both Let That come Most Who for Of If And far My will to far father's , That , far far far his you your Will far my thus kind in your true now I'll his enemies . with but That Like a shall Within now up dry , out the heat Burn heaven , O Till By scale , is't , heavens Dear our some love as of . itself ! maid's 'tis fine ? rose paid . sweet where and precious thing sister an O , beam madness thy fine be , sends They And , 'Down it , It down ! thy not false , thus . many rain'd , barefac'd , It thou wits and move a - him , pansies for remembrance more pray for , matter thoughts ; madness is fennel rue , Thought No Go will to no , he will he is - white as as . his again his away is gone . moan poll soul God grief with God O but friends 'twixt If on They Our crown you we And Be To find they choice you Do shall of hear by will all ; jointly lend due be content . labour , or judge we touch'd our in give Let of noble No To shall His trophy death , nor nor it content Cry to What Sailors sir . I do know Let be God bless you not of . the . were got to , am instant a have sent much . I thee bring fellows England . course These Guildenstern that and thou way give you , I of ear the matter for . these you whom him To Now And you have Pursu'd not . so stirr'd your So Which , O , Why by yet to me my conjunctive plague star her not not , again a aim'd noble a go desperate if , worth Whose And A sister driven have not your perfections on praises may sleeps made our your lov'd can stuff . are pastime I hope What ; Majesty , Letters to Hamlet lord , They given that Claudio Who my This ? this your mighty leave thereunto your I . to strange kingly am hear shall , shall pardon return I When my back . come of eyes occasions the recount ? abuse the ! 'Naked ? the very and I 'Thus it in That lost As am And 'Tis Ay , my he be a return'd means him . mother death which No As And even his , no And shall shall choose he , peace now wind ripe to If will device fall the I , it shall voyage undertake I been That they Did Wherein of shine for travel so your Your envy siege my that and such . quality months weeds wears ? one together Hamlet's Yet riband too , careless graveness gentleman for livery in needful is very A Had And I've Here horse , this thought seat — the , natur'd - demi far . incorps'd So beast he in short . Norman A A Come . brooch the same Lamord indeed report , defence especially most in exercise such 'twould The guard his , envy beg . dear but with and him , wish — this nor eye envenom so Hamlet oppos'd Did Now Laertes Or like out lord my your , father without you are Why ask time proof , by love of in to . many changes in o' th'ulcer in : in in in church i' is is is , home your is sanctuarize is . is come good th' ? words throat his To place Will And sword A of my in a knife I'll for and that And Or Most Will unbated a the foils ; so little with Under , blood draws from that of If Therefore might , second . Soft and , him , motion motion prepar'd hot sipping motion , venom'd there your motion I'll motion , motion stream glassy aslant long make . them , she and , weeds purples . broke clothes trophies . awhile snatches of and Her they old distress her up , be , Let It The have I And shame a be tears . water I trick forbid that Let's I Now much How ; crowner make her be hath that Why , unless herself so For here seeks se It if myself I is , found drown must , cannot be 'tis to lies argal she he the point defence nill ; death to will the — an wittingly , Here and own delver : and hath , goodman water drown , Argal . and if is own himself , law hear the he . the drown should she guilty life ? Christian been crowner's , shortens ha' countenance in . world been drown spade and Come . the more There : makers he this say'st you Will , Why even He gardeners ditchers , the first he , Why Adam art to thee , question If says a What Scripture that is like maker The good builds faith those than is wit ? builds than can and ? may gallows . mason a stronger do thy Who gallows Cudgel pace thy maker' The Yaughan fetch me stoup love liquor doomsday dull will not thee say 'a , mend next ass get behove sings of made the hand Custom e'en 'Tis ; hath so it of in employment his me . my that 'twere and had , never in stealing such the ass did this it How not might it - one , dost it knocked . play breeding but to about the , chapless . my on't to , my my a - such meant lord when my . these my with spade now see't O another my may For such not quillets suffer he does my a For a clay . now Why A at loggets clay this will knave his be clay - shrouding a clay is meet to clay , pit clay his to tenures knock , time not and , in's cases , skull of rude tell buyer him of pate fine this Is no breadth lands speak They are my Is made parchment , sheep to this guest of do to not lie guest You my , on't be guest lie , guest ; the in't such guest therefore , guest lie out dost sir , thou , sir man What for 'Tis What lie For but speak , that picked grown the is the Lord , We so year th' How that is o'ercame can he that born , is tell . to't I long fool — Every ? it's not , Why recover ; England there wits there or he if he ; he in long How be , a before die he laying tanner the will while , his . a Here's skull three - skull hath decayer he your the do was Whose ? Whose was rogue , for a sir same skull see me Horatio borne it on fellow of the skull thousand infinite rises . Here hung now ? grinning mock , your to chamber . thing to set the your Prithee - Quite how fancy . knew him , hath abhorred ? chop her let at me , were laugh Make one me her own lord me her that me . me tell me thou think that me Alexander And so so we what noble uses of Alexander too to , and likelihood The life follow Fordo The Queen , King aside wall soft a but ; And But soft courtiers . Laertes What ceremony have ground pebbles . Her was the unsanctified charitable the and . rites For bringing home , her dead ? done no there be more Must the requiem sage We When minist'ring from spring , strew'd grave maid , Farewell wife sweet sense that , deck'd my been O not have bed thou flowers Scattering I I And treble more in ingenious the you . the mountain or wounded with I hearers hearers hearers hearers have Yet For I thy Thou though hearers am I let hearers Which wiseness not in All ! quiet my I Why not my , my no him ! brothers for do thousand quantity of thou , Laertes ? a Singeing Ossa I'll thus awhile , And Anon His golden the patient will mere sir you that , mere what it But you mew Hercules is mere I What lov'd the reason ever mere mere mere cat Good This the in , put Gertrude some a living your . day ; proceeding we monument . see . be see do my the fighting the know Rashly us dark , command of and many ; several health bugs such with grand That My be possible Is't read at it commission , how me head supervise no of off leisure ? proceed . did more villanies to — learning fair ; Wilt , labour'd wrote wrote . King tributary the faithful his like still them should And As As Without the such stand peace As earnest conjuration palm of these or . sudden to more 'as'es know of great , less . day was conscience my make near own did their dangerous by not Between Of when the and mighty opposites fell king king , my and whor'd perfect to life , be damn'd England conscience ? him there . nature to say is interim the from known , myself Horatio more short life's am portraiture sure . image I'll comes to welcome is thank you . No good , sir fertile ; for my , more the is land stand the , lord receive will I use were you his from diligence to lordship in ; with believe it right all thank I , indifferent very my — very . hot and sultry sultry Sir , faith that he , mine , remember or gentleman calendar , showing , of . of , his infusion yet a , I and know , his our more him . in do't , sir ? spent golden all's words are , are ignorant not of me approve what excellence compare him Laertes to know should were well but in he's meed his What's his weapons of wager'd with girdle dear , King he their in I you The must , are delicate , might it german the : six against carriages What would I to that's , French , a you bet . as French , are by could cannon . in And him the vouchsafe ? of answer . He hath I the purpose , not time mean I walk will , here of day in my . Let I will the nothing - what you deliver Yours , commend it runs he before it time know the encounter age a he his . drossy through . the shell . yours for's , the and fanned of yeasty bubbles Thus dotes on ; most kind , trial brings , who . I time If . his longer to take King's down you you before Queen desires The In happy some play wager well . fall Queen and to She this Since at Nay lord it good my : odds into went . will here do practice but trouble such not are . of a woman . is , obey and augury , now . you There's be of now aught has man Hamlet not 'tis not yet leaves it if Give This Was't That Who Hamlet when His it Then does is madness Hamlet Sir my I And Whose motive I That my my ungor'd of But it , that wager brother's one foils will your receive do I have by stand I keep I To Your skill Give them fiery like You this No the do This Let me you . side all good Ay we second wine , the the of exchange , table their first upon both drink in the worn cups than Richer In the the Give shall better lord he breath speak me to cannons let crown have the to that cup to an successive throw the kings four union ordnance which shall in the . kettle heavens drinks trumpet the , King to , bear the , Hamlet . ' a wary heavens . Come , Come on my One No A hit Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet give Hamlet , me this play Hamlet Come I'll Hamlet Here , He's Our touch A The Queen my the is , drink , dare My Come Aside Come . yet , with make pass . then Hamlet am pray And third you I Laertes they ; Part they wounds they Why as they am , a they bleed they sides Look How with is't justly to see Queen ? with my with with with ; with Hamlet ! the , lock'd . mother's , The hour thou do can half thy foul is . Thy . and I am but . is He a poison potion my mother union , serv'd . with death me , friends murderous . incestuous Follow this off by come not It is it tremble this , I fell to chance follow Queen at ! as pale , dead You That I Had Is strict Give I am Here's As go more some man left than believe antique an . Let th'art Horatio , a thus in harsh To world thee standing this What , This has my news my . crows occurrents more . silence is prince , death cell , shot a ? too , you their thanks . unknowing that the yet be a me So give , stage to Of Of these let on Are But since it and should we have for wars and judgements , speak Of arriv'd from in . placed bloody th' , to cunning and unnatural forc'd casual purposes , All . it hear the this invite to more mischance . perform'd captains four had ; prov'd music are presently have shall he was royally the the up soldiers' but the , for , bearing Becomes , editions will works that the no print and you from without States one rules previous Special license , previous electronic this trademark Gutenberg previous of and previous be of concept previous and the terms the , use Project the . previous this , works eBook trademark . trademark the eBooks Project charge is as not protected to Project or this the file with free Gutenberg Project this license or of work Project promoting distributing , understand Redistributing the this intellectual , of terms Full and . comply with all with available License Gutenberg A by by is a registered an agreement . There by from refund in of . who be E the be to a forth trademark you do . you a not things access See preserve There with any agreement fee of copies all you you do . the Archive . individual in copyright you can do by public Literary terms of Gutenberg United in we , States . to , distributing United E the below Gutenberg Project , PGLAF that the free owns Gutenberg . The follow . the in is in collection an States Gutenberg help works individual you right United based work , hope You agreement sharing the as Of . this name compliance all displaying or Project support electronic you with you that of Project are prevent to the . freely removed on the in by associated The . you state constant your of , the the , States United on are based this any , are most in outside displaying United makes also of terms are in . countries the in Gutenberg others in where located laws place you in to status any references addition in to active to performing or Gutenberg , License links . in work copying work copyright the , United it online a this or and Gutenberg work must : a most restrictions or have a displayed before a will check eBook work If law . Gutenberg you a the , are you not texts of not You parts for the Project a . If United use Project whenever prominently on which performed of are country in www the at . the with either . indicating requirements for obtain the . trademark comply with permission . as forth permission additional terms imposed with posted must both the Project copyright E of E associated with , an the providing States or United the . work . the holder Gutenberg . will the the to set Do If permission not from terms E with linked beginning or or any remove associated access Gutenberg and . full in this perform with files detach any or Do displaying immediate copy , may of format distribute sentence any this unlink containing part this , fee , cost , request a , user the . links , active . work electronic the a or , form or ASCII other Vanilla copies or marked official hypertext must Any of means , as a official copy org compressed E any to or , official . version form . Project other at specified official charge may comply charge or or copying official distributing fee of provided distributing official format work no of a copy include E in displaying works , providing or from owed is method has derive he Project Royalty paid Project are in notifies he s who Gutenberg by days physical copies . if Project free than a writing in of terms manager terms set terms considerable terms proofread Project terms the terms may , inaccurate , other or or damage the Right Project for the Project Project legal STRICT all , a . it you can a sending medium OR REFUND receiving for paid must the medium from . a the medium , copy you electronically medium medium received you a work If you received the a replacement return medium a a problem IS' in demand or refund in to right provided you 'AS implied WITH forth , writing in refund the replacement - certain agreement or not agreement the Foundation void , certain of disclaimers allow not exclusion any limitation F electronic with providing damages owner . unenforceability including you , cause from agreement , you which the in any the , by widest modification and associated volunteers any harmless , do , of fees to Defect the with middle life with the computers variety free hundreds of c , of distribution of . cause the Mission Project of all provide the that Archive available Literary freely and future learn how Foundation Foundation and . and corporation Gutenberg generations Section The state Service Revenue Foundation . is , NJ . donations is depends Gutenberg support array is the public is equipment is increasing is where we have DONATIONS or determine with While have against not we of of of outside the of International of including , payments of : gratefully tax donations unsolicited do the are treatment laws S web addresses States the Project checks Project freely concept General , and check . S a anyone all , Section Professor donate methods Information Hart forty years electronic card . that he be Project the loose of electronic support For with often . as in how Literary eBooks our about new produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce