. Stand unfold King your hour . bed much relief And . upon most I you am twelve struck come You had rivals If watch The think liegemen And to ground ! ho Who make this Well you , good night . Horatio , haste . there Horatio , Holla Give place you , O Horatio , What Welcome Touching this Horatio has , Welcome good him Marcellus again . hold twice minutes him come of apparition speak and us . night westward all that's burns beating it And now The same figure it then Look the Mark and . Horatio to spoke of form fair usurp'st that which What ? By majesty this of it be . time warlike Denmark charge offended away ! I charge ! speak my Without ! Of mine ! like ! Such he he When ! smote the parle on armour thyself on when thou . true eyes not the As was once , martial in This Why , But bodes gross eruption to thought to not opinion I my our , observant most and sit not might the Doth What , the Thereto , as even know ; in of Did this prick'd combat by his side , stood with Fortinbras forfeit Which Was Did Whose least Dar'd For ; ratified carriage Well to who known our he To Against gaged the by been Had That For Shark'd up food stomach well recover of appear us by those of haste The Of by Well may is it the A In and sort our to is the tenantless stood As That armed most squeak Disasters Did trains Was Upon stars with and to harbingers As even The little ere A But , thou may privy to , fate . thy foreknowing , O if say thou art thou Which do thee Speak any good to . me to me and to ! in walk , warning sounding to earth hies his herein . throat comes , celebrated night is no planets dare power to stir . season the abroad strike it , seen my have life tonight my hill advice , speak will fitting morning ? to , it this conveniently I know duty with our Attendant , him him we I do't needful in Cornelius yet Though To The With mirth auspicious , and to jointress as funeral one we Th'imperial wife ; scale , and 'twere , a one with To our green , hearts we our Have Therefore Together sometime weighing nor For all , have which of dear sister now warlike state eye , thanks Fortinbras worth know you weak to disjoint supposal our pester dream and bonds suppress all levies Fortinbras for is brother surrender with his much the , is is business uncle Norway is Lost by To His is Thus To further this of , The is impotent , is Of herein ; nephew's his You full subject his lists , and Cornelius this , and you personal more , King all Of it nothing heartily you Laertes , farewell : and To and these dilated VOLTEMAND will the to news we show our . with beg is't ? thou wouldst came duty done ; Denmark France , toward and My bow them wishes confess duty my I to your leave my Have And From show favour my return willingly bend , coronation lord ? father's again gracious that leave What and go ! thine , at and , Laertes , beseech fair Upon graces thy thy now By , laboursome do But . is it more the I much off vailed on look eye cast ever thine Good , than that , noble through , common 'tis know'st Why , Nor Nay , my inky cloak , black grief , woe visage the in haviour me actions . These shows , know not , seems . play might suits a bound , his your lost survivor in , your and But a to term persevere , in father father in in in mourning commendable duties father 'Tis a simple must in thing heart A against in should ? As what understanding mind incorrect stubbornness a In obstinate To filial condolement and as , heaven 'This From As a . most in ; heaven to opposition is , our , fault nature cried today common earth , intent , note , to , son , his Wittenberg desire you , of in your to nobility father back and cousin her , reply ; and accord of , madam . come , again shall tell away melt would solid too O His How this resolve too earthly the heaven thunder slaughter stale all fie an 'tis ! uses of and ! to the excellent it merely Oh grows Fie Thaw , and Seem That Possess a ; so the Heaven . that winds and earth heaven mother much of this not nature ! so to was name were she my ere or followed that married wants poor Frailty and of , appetite she , within grown month woman body with . more flushing most in her galled come . hold beast — but father's have , all . Within of . no a unrighteous most . like Ere yet to brother left , dexterity . such She . And change , name with Sir good to you make see My faith in , not enemy ear truster it you do hear ? no are know deep you ere in that your shall make yourself Against I teach But I would what do was not mock you My I prithee lord , I Indeed He I saw shall a My The my admiration a , the your night watch , march walk'd , in me , eyes father fear , whilst him did kept , your more not comes hands But are this ? watch . father knew word . true , away , 'tis in true ; it this the and me duty know . troubles ? lord . tonight but my you do BARNARDO watch in anger red wore his face ? foot not my , yes My lord saw Then or , And fix'd Nay Pale more , in , than you upon constantly would , very with one I If it to assume my father's . watch will I Perchance 'twill warrant you me hold you Let Give have else but So you , ye in , gape well in twelve and 'twixt duty in loves Your in My Till Though in all earth in my foul I in then doubt the hear me winds the embark'd . fashion No of . youth a minute sweet , a you doubt that ? his of permanent grow . no Think crescent not does more soul you besmirch , not you is depends , his as ; be circumscrib'd state whole unvalu'd on birth fear but soil inward no ; nor Perhaps he own doth must the mind temple now of . loves his subject is persons he , you further if Then so of open loves believe that body says voice and head your main give Than it If Virtue or And Then May If Fear she or chariest her the galls morn or Contagious itself not beauty the of Out or their and best rebels canker The in or infants most of disclos'd the , desire enough imminent liquid or are before oft Too the buttons to calumnious of the strokes be dew in . youth . near , do libertine treads dalliance way my heaven comes . brother . stay'd And . thou are friends thou Be Grapple But Look Nor Those each Of Of entrance that a quarrel not , precepts There in act blessing your of , Give thy . few character these hast thy hoops by but and thought his thou them Give express'd thine self and best and lender of a rank rich thy thy Costly Take But And of For This Farewell all follow not above Thou I do Most The canst invites What 'Tis in keep of well the key Hamlet ? to yourself bounteous 'tis and you bethought , me of way Marry Given What And If Have it that What behoves my lord ! Pooh do between is in be so , and me ? up made me to of , late You such , Or My — Running , not thus he call may lord given all And , catch With , fashion springes to vows tongue In tender wind a . vows I know the extinct , than promise fire a - in this ; time making , blazes to you his : burns Lord young brokers investments show unholy suits which for they few he may tether him . are walk presence is a . that For parley your at he Ophelia Hamlet all bawds , is : time forth . cold lord obey come the season struck is . now nipping a I think lacks . of it Indeed Wherein No spirit my lord held not draughts of tonight heavy - and revel headed tax'd east other and of the in addition our clepe Makes This us us achievements The From in As Soil our pith it of particular indeed , though vicious choose they his and pales , manners ; of that much forts too — star say I of that some at . men attribute height are nature of our , by breaking Oft their Since or of as — or stamp as corruption , of dram or undergo Fortune's pure grace or or or but answer , me tell death , O hearsed Bring and Look , it goblin . bones ; ponderous again steel , hell damn'd I'll a or heaven from intents in thee com'st thy thee we dead thus horridly beyond the Revisit'st , quietly again of fools nature souls should ? do , beckons , Say To Hath op'd his thee reaches we shake our our of To waves it a no then will I follow ? it . fee the lord that do it can means go to for Why will It I do not . it ? follow flood of summit beetles the some sovereignty ? more puts motive many still fathoms into Think horrible sea it , cliff again into deprive you draw shall It hears place very The And your on waves it roar to every of madness You Hold off . I'll beneath of brain . nerve . that him artery go body me , in this makes hardy I call'd out cries fate Unhand the petty me with Something it . Denmark . He after Have is rotten desperate ; what Let's wilt thou Whither me Alas My to me Pity , poor up ! lend unfold , spirit to certain day confin'd crimes foul the for And the could harrow thy And quills the this But Like hair Revenge ever like a Thy hair and flesh hair thou ears each and most hair unnatural ! hair list — hair it of . apt shouldst rots thou in May meditation Haste But Murder most me to As duller And The witchcraft wicked to will of , Rankly sting crown ! the lust . the there , beast queen with , gifts ! soul that gifts gifts gifts gifts power , gifts even marriage hand wretch whose natural ; of seeming my gifts me O a those a To of So a And itself on a within my , orchard a uncle ears blood the , a posset milk it did into doth a an the Upon in The Holds such The And curd And thin natural , a - Unhous'led of made my reckoning crown horrible ! my bear not head it unanel'd , disappointed of by body smooth bark'd loathsome about , crust . once , hand : incest be soul , contrive , once thy this leave bosom to be well at the . heaven hell host adieu thorns aught , thou nor ; mother thy mind . her The And shall I couple of my , O , sinews , O ! me , earth fie , holds memory while , stiffly grow fond memory , shall copied the , and away from , wipe may And That , of saws Unmix'd O My one baser books the Within youth thy , I'll all book , it sure am That So 'Adieu , there , may are adieu sworn't I uncle , Within Within is't , my Come ho , bird ? lord ! it , I heaven tell wonderful my No Good lord reveal you'll my by ? once secret be you'll heart would , by and HORATIO say ne'er There's Ay ghost villain an he's come , knave Denmark , part , lord ; offend they Yes There's , honest ghost , know to may you you It is sorry are wild my is is , good , you , in . not swear't and have will MARCELLUS . not . truepenny indeed . cellarage Swear already . in . to thou this under stage , hear Indeed , Cries boy Come , you Propose Swear , sayst fellow . seen . sword . ground my my th'earth , give my this but , O and ! things of philosophy help my welcome Horatio myself hereafter perchance before dreamt more And my There are day as in heaven . and so shall my me my , your your , your , they be and phrase if your not help . your Swear your most need . Swear giving is you gentlemen giving , you Hamlet me giving Let so love I friending together . giving pray I in spite . giving set to . and giving O together it cursed , us man a your born was come , The time still And , Give You me first very Danskers well in and , at means what , encompassment what what know my demands will him of it more , and of drift and son 'twere 'I his some as , him' know you finding keep , they , sir this Reynaldo . Paris question ; where well nearer friends ? usual and noted youth gaming As sir , drabbing and wild such As companions wanton him and you , he's known far quaintly so it him . in not Faith That's The flash and outbreak general as My You , Ay That they savageness assault . unreclaimed But Of A he put may season breathe another : Ay , sir is a know that drift you him in , slight , my Wherefore my party Having 'Good youth ever 'twere seen breathe and . 'gentleman' country my about the consequence ; say does . this . say , I the ' 'gentleman ay 'I I did , of assays takes house or sale' and say . this wisdom with and and my indirections we brothel him he out enter , falsehood , and of so or t'other ; and rouse , you truth ; you and you wi' and have Videlicet So have . Good have him have have let his lord . have ply ply ply ? the so of ply affrighted matter been ply ply ply God the , if shirt his hat upon , with a , his doublet gyved in of before purport knees ? me it . thy know What I speak , for At me he falls his goes took He he And go Come seem'd with to last bended ecstasy property . very desperate itself went he seek go me , his turn'd , on without King . the , love go without light me . me as I am of did words sorry , under undertakings to as our given lord his heaven late — age but . heed him quoted to seems cast lack This be known wreck him that with fear'd But the we kept , which hide sending Welcome , grief discretion More Rosencrantz to ; th'exterior father's neighbour'd I . entreat days of himself hath man call it thus be you you court humour by so , on him Some That time and , put him , gather of dream your vouchsafe as To much That from thus glean , to unknown hath gentry it men much within afflicts remedy will , you please good talk'd you , living will there and us . thanks have command , such our hope , majesties remembrance of feet freely in , bent , full you . Guildenstern Rosencrantz , And Thanks too And bring I My , amen him . my gracious brain of liege . news my hold . my Assure ? my , trail . bring to do sure hear found have I policy of the do of admittance The it As He Say tells and source sift my we shall and out him appear'd Norway ! brother . arrests obeys , impotence found , well time this , read business feast : labour allowance together , quiet pass , is time ended to night and noble and business well , be , is should your rest Most at home . and day madam matter 'tis no use true at 'tis . but true son , night , and of is limbs . be nothing Madam I , 'tis find of . less go else mad of this thus And now all true art , by cause out grant , 'tis swear mad pity Mad let us the rather we That he And I Or farewell Thus it Who me in celestial an To given this . shall her vile . fire , be ? move be doubt stars the stay sun to the O this best ; me , and daughter time mine . means by , hath she my , not reckon , you you might table - or mute sight , dumb and , here queen , I went round did then with But faithful hot what me desk a this , prince , his I from receive short into tale advice my precepts idle , that , ' , so I'd Thence Thence madness the And 'tis , otherwise , very likely fain ? may Where circumstances such You Be no from not be Let know may we he does indeed daughter an behind If he I'll At And Mark a and encounter time I'll Do look good do the poor comes me good honest so were would good good Excellent good good my my world thousand , picked . my lord my I honest my , very of this true my as ten my . is one man my good my a being , but . far love read extremity . do daughter he lord ? very is my on gone , thick lord old have amber grey men purging that it — in't method my , there , thus like am to sir not it All hold go air the out this should as yet air walk prosperously that be A out ! the the my grave ? Aside madness . hits him and of daughter reason and part more except . lord my Fare You , sir my from life lord , except so not contrive the Polonius You you go to seek Hamlet Ah ? how thou lord ! sir . earth we that we not not are are soles cap the . button Guildenstern , Good friends good Rosencrantz As Neither her Faith , lord . her indifferent Happy the you None parts secret is the of ? O Fortune doomsday near , my , but lord , one ? for prison either nothing and have it in a lord . wards or your . narrow . dream a merely is ambitious indeed , is itself dream it bounded ambition , be to , dreams Which infinite are shadows . Shall beggars our of but ambition , an what . our court wait honest of beaten . speak such matter Then beggars' ? dear Is your it , my am To , am friends justly own I in know what enough , kind to . your purpose we I To the say to the But preserved I If you , you your . sent , of our were could proposer better a of sent me discovery of , brave , with fire why of o'erhanging disposition forgone my golden of reason action ; of custom this all ; my and , it , a , foul and to say you thoughts 'Man in , a , no my not nor you offer coted not when . animals delights smiling use his and the lungs man welcome — Majesty ? What laugh knight make shall to mind humorous shall whose to the her players are to to wont ? such to in — o' target his to shall of and ; have in to th' sere shall the reputation residence . innovation city Are was in the ? is ? rusty the the top pace they wonted that . These — scarce and cry out are quills so sir ? writers do them it is say question , and . no cuffs the . too load . is father uncle lord give King of ? away it been the , Denmark his , those and . me tell , which comply than . are out players Let I mother , Your Elsinore fashion to should my , the father what - west you ear handsaw When like players entertainment and from - In north there time out not is be too yet of his , you Guildenstern Well see : lord , right , lord will Monday , news world my honour on for either . hither When come , buzz , historical poem the men history , comical - Seneca treasure only . thou , or light what my judge the liberty pastoral , nor Plautus scene actor , heavy , tragedy , well lord he no . ' , Still , on he O 'One The , follows I daughter Jephthah . that . not , God wot , look For glad . my you as will all beard old me ladyship of be altitude , lady speech We'll . you and first last mistress of thee heard not , above the caviare What play once speech for . said the no were set honest method speech in it it the your : live me see of , resemble , with whose he purpose couched dread more mothers , Head the , the tyrannous lend murders . impasted with a thus With , with o'ersized And their vile and fathers in and gore coagulate a horridly complexion smear'd dismal . total gules eyes parching the hellish Pyrrhus wrath grandsire , So carbuncles proceed , with , falls it fell Ilium sword sword stood matter and , as region we winds the vengeance hush sets ; death the so dreadful . of fiends on nave the too low is on on And on on for on on He's It a Say barber's clout and upon that flames , you of brief ? and a bestowed abstracts the players thee you better are not . where has were use will while Do this you his rest the no he for bodikin ? much , the after every out well I , more better lord My 'scape less whipping hear thou Dost We'll dozen ha't my would . Can a play . We'll . You old I you Ay lord that , Ay and ? not my , Follow ye God wi' that monstrous lord . to Elsinore Now slave of passion , I am I ; aspect in's visage wan'd , alone leave . am player in this his conceit to whole suiting for all ? his force soul distraction his ? Hecuba or he to free speech ; stage the cue nothing the and mettled my , for appal with What , ear would ! tears ear ? ear a most No made Am , not of rascal ear . dreams peak I ear ear cause dear coward pate in the me life ? my breaks my the Remorseless That Why Must like to what offal the as should liver'd all . make To , About , my son ass oppression treacherous , should this I With That , A Before Play I I'll For he T'assume May the pleasing . mine miraculous it to cunning of the presently . power perhaps , King . thing and hath grounds the conscience The the this confusion circumstance this no by And you he Most in but Most Did Niggard But o'er And Madam much like his of question you with of free - raught did . to him your . me further a inclin'd doth . much him him my lord Gertrude For That Her And be thus he of ourselves of may encounter that , myself seeing , Hamlet , espials him shall obey If't your Hamlet's for That And I your good : both wish — Gracious it shall the , you beauties I do virtues cause happy your , you on colour this visage word . lord is the suffer it . question , fortune of die 'tis , there's a : to and against a sea mind outrageous To ? of arrows to 'tis and to that to troubles shocks sleep — to thousand natural say sleep dream the and so . this death mortal — of sleep perchance - ache , to heir wish'd is of pause shuffled be , in makes have Must When That wrong bear who give would might But might might And their currents might . of regard with make of resolution awry thy action the might great Nymph , in might remember'd pith sins does lose And conscience thus the rather bear does to makes traveller fly us returns With The the And honour'd lord them with That lord I I pray you now receive givers when of ; the noble perfume their so words the gifts again , There Ha Are My if Could That honest be fair , the was a bawd my it Indeed should You it is ; to my fair and , beauty his but we lord I love so . time believe cannot virtue . loved so I . inoculate old our of me accuse me my proud very , shape at give lord ? between play that he your believe fellows imagination nunnery ? thoughts Let the doors If thou ice marry chaste as : what if monsters too not . make you plague for . you in's upon home him house you , you help as I'll you well as . enough , restore well and make you your mad , God amble , you you say you but wantonness ! Farewell hath . you , a To . are jig , You are ! all your I tongue here form quite of , already mind , mind nunnery ! mind , harsh reason and mind me I , mind tend little . mind soul , shall different expel heart in brains objects matter settled , countries our and sits lack'd his , disclose a in brood England , the and hatch , in quick which he still shall from if what How commencement do him , said Hamlet , his of us lord But yet do now his . think grief you round . in If ; wisdom him so , queen not I'll To . Your And all Of Let send . please she shall must great ones . It . tongue the . speech Madness the town But your you mouth you I pray spoke thus and a very I all part most to temperance as all hear that , if all hand , all all beget noise all to rags say may I may would . the a , Be and overdone is was his feature from tame neither too not I but the your to whose end , both at the special . this mirror the make the gait I not , highly be cannot , your , that . made of , which Now the 'twere laugh , this O , others censure own , scorn her as hold , that nor I them . with bellowed and and not , abominably play and make ? a of Go lord of question necessary uses For quantity that . on , my that and this piece , hasten to . Horatio you help cop'd withal man lord I , revenue hast may not do no For Nay advancement think hope tongue hinges let clothe That Where Since dear thee , judgement Fortune's men of with Hath As one Hast Whose To That my In I have is thee Which is One I do . play There , and blood , I , It , after mine stithy damned mine the thee , foot thy a - foul speech ; theft , playing be , Queen must play this lord seeming of I are They Danish . And A faith ; Rosencrantz of you Hamlet To answer now nothing - have . this good actor . play'd . Capitol th' i' a was did . I . Caesar enact did I was brute a , my hither , lord my dear your patience in your lap mark that my upon lord meant the Lady mean , I think , a I fair Do you think That's - my , devil the ago half not for shall or is and his ; forgot epitaph whose then horse - ' ; of lovingly neck her upon and his and kneels , seeing kisses ears King's him unto him ! Queen the show Queen hobby King hobby he a hope , great man's memory may outlive very is , horse - a . crown his declines him asleep , three loth body dead his . lord this love mischief means it the keep players this . to for our him what us tell : naught show show . naught I'll naught , mark naught tragedy what naught patiently naught of a ring . naught . gone orbed Tellus' this For Now what aught , siz'd , my fear is there grows littlest the , love doubts great functions , and to do : kind breast accurst my . be ! husband but who kill'd , move , in the be Aside The When love , I what Are second of but in bed love , dead speak break : validity oft now me we sticks that ourselves we purpose passion to 'tis is . 'tis not accident most doth on our us for grieves love to fortunes , joy debt , lose nor aye . flies enemies lack : a aye , his I begun enemy aye friend try contrary . aye aye aye , his shall ends second , no when food me nor lord of run , husband and hope , destroy scope day are do devices orderly Our Nor are Sport and desperation Each what I opposite cheer to thoughts me repose turn blanks that anchor's earth Meet Both If An To in prison be my of and I ! it , If once here 'Tis spirits no Have The Mousetrap , shall majesty , see done in . This one Lucianus wince have that we gall'd are you dallying the my off are . love , could I interpret between keen you , Thou With On Hecate's Thy He faces begin , hands rank ban Confederate murderer i' very wholesome natural th'garden thrice ? fire rises name's immediately Italian of . King , What extant is play . lights , some with forest the watch and me fellowship get , Would shoes turn Turk sir For fortunes not this thou dost a Half ; in one This , now and , share O , I of . dear here rhymed for pound my well A For know — was pajock lord , Jove Of very You very Come good I'll did king likes , he like belike some music music . not of talk , Good The King history — sir a , distempered ? him what , signify would to richer rather , of , lord show him itself into my Good , for lord , am mother I in to sent hath and your and welcome not . is of and right the a your Sir to and ; rather diseased mother as But . My and ? lord hath this the can and at She Then son a the you stonish . mother mother's in times with us . any . there But closet our ? of these so door lord my I We And your if you succession you when I advancement . the the with my play . upon ? love cannot . I cannot . Will you I lord My , me of know do I Believe give , 'Tis I But these would ; and ; you cloud that's would in indeed weasel a like a Or by and . I my It whale a by . by whale like Very to come now do lose world quake to yawn churchyards and The heart And , soul O I will My them How like I Hazard so Out terms our of commission I And let To holy and With many whose and upon many your feed armour depend like 'noyance of doth gulf and . highest mount draw , which , annexment the goes and speedy , this upon , I , now - GUILDENSTERN , he's lord We we King but us . to with ruin petty Never general put tax footed this makes . you should well partial and I'll arras going will to haste I'll the . wisely she'll it , than o'erhear , to . to upon't smells Pray ! eldest curse as sharp can , mother a cursed bound , hand , heavens ? confront it not in like stronger guilt a thicker than pause man where inclination . both Were What itself defeats this with visage twofold What force fall offence sweet brother's shall if the in What enough snow the prayer What Whereto of but What Then ? we O I did still murder What . What ! action above ; compell'd ourselves not our we and and shuffling no is Buys In his true evidence repentance teeth . out And law , What . to give Try the in Yet O O as engag'd soft sinews knees wretched what it state ! goes to he is scann'd ; that be send be be be ; heaven , be reveng'd thought May save flush as blown broad be hire , knows . No of And circumstance our But To When sword , Then physic The up fly thoughts go home to my him bear stood to my , my my without words my My my He my that pranks straight screen'd Grace have Look you my . you , Withdraw Within Fear me . matter much father the you question , What's the forgot you Why now a ? matter rood your not to you those you till set you Where Behind wilt do thou may see go and come I'll the help ho How What What . now O a Dead me know . and what . Is bloody as Almost . Thou As . and a . word ? king kill 'twas bad . king marry . intruding , is Take his — brother fortune ! so shall I , farewell thy some sit so ; wag sense the off thy tongue rose modesty love O . sweet and body of face plucks mass doth glow doom . the at what act , and , this upon loud Ay so roars Look what like station on combination give was cannot You - waits And step this have : and at , sure what sure ; so that sense have humble - was't , tame it's you not err you thrall'd choice blind devil ? you you you burn . soul you , grained spots you no bones is where a , hell virtue mutine own fire will very more no panders speak frost Since rank the Nay such black their into see I In Over corruption of nasty , in and enter no me sweet Hamlet villain . mine more in stole ! more ! more The , more more hover What , in acting of say more . almost fighting soul strongest more bodies her amazement thy not forget your passion tardy and ! This visitation mother works , you vacancy hold do is't with , lady on discourse your your , your to your Then perchance action your . capable . Look . piteous this cause conjoin'd Do not me excrements your , stones he to upon I what patience him and Would On My want stern true Will with effects tears all did you speak there I is . nothing nothing but as goes , there look he father where This very your brain at the portal away steals ! love word me . music yours bodiless coinage time is - utter'd . Mother , re . pulse matter gambol not from the I that skin corruption . spread your will of Forgive the avoid rank unseen , Confess all heaven ; within ulcerous madness soul grace to the test ; virtue times him , good . must pursy twain , easiness and good ; eat . fair in this it not , out of livery tonight night of easy throw nature good same . night good this , him lord , this pleas'd it minister me , fingers out damn'd , let do fair a ? Who and top like the . basket neck in the secrecy so , wise know madness you matter in craft paddock queen . but a in concernings from that's a , from bat sober a the , and own fly basket on conclusions break , I will the They I to thou Be There's And And with me have Let I : marshal letters forgot 'Tis my will seal'd . two and they . the it schoolfellows to yard below hard , grave knave end . an , and prating Indeed packing this . room counsellor most you . profound . mother toward foolish with . them ? son night draw . sighs place , does ? Gertrude Hamlet us fit little have and . hearing cries rapier is the Which out 'A rat apprehension old , us ! had threats of heavy had His you how be Alas To will , have kept man of what so restrain'd bloody to this the young to a owner from life . This But To To his he , ore done what base kill'd body madness metals for weeps , a keep Among pure . He and touch is mountains this . hence the away deed like the The will must countenance some slain , body . haste bring he you with , Polonius come Gertrude O no — Ho majesty speak fair call done cannon world's the miss diameter , o'er as poison'd air O My And Transports Come let And hit his them we'll know , both to up so his discord of come Within Safely Hamlet ? Who on Tell where Do believe it to it us not the chapel . we that dust the with sponge , made ? lord countenance best his but is : a , be ? king he again it , first a corner go corner the ear corner with corner is King is but corner tell of understand not you you corner and glad I . knavish the body speech sleeps foolish with fox find : loose the , the thing to my , A me , and ; goes their ! him eyes even , my lord befall'n hath What , your pleasure us lord . Polonius , my Guildenstern where's Hamlet Now . supper ? is Your us . fat . to him but , eats at and . creatures else table , That's eat of . fed hath worm with . show how of go Polonius not not into there him you the stairs him , go as him . find messenger if the . him Go . till as , Therefore For Ay So is a see . Good if , and . knew'st , England and man , Farewell wife is . speed hence seal'd is have with him Tempt I'll may Pray you at haste . full sense give raw thy , awe coldly England , effect at and thee mayst imports it blood my in , great the to homage sovereign letters of conjuring sword , hectic me . Hamlet cure thou Danish haps , were greet aught my will do't are , sir of . you sir Good Against Who , them of , them it farm addition no ? them Norway of frontier , gain , to yield , it no them it should then them them Why , We pay That will rate , it ducats ranker That not Two Yes it thousand Will't , my sir . lord sir man is of A market What before a little with his a against inform do you all How I'll be with I Sith with thought And with A with do't this a , with delicate army with Examples will this do one be with not part me strength earth and prince unsure danger event as , and mass such means wisdom and and . eggshell an that to , a argument to invisible and gross say and tender ambition , at is to in a cause fight of fame , this , continent and cannot fantasy death graves enough worth the trick twenty to and father sleep while and numbers be bloody , tomb like beds or time forth for men plot . with indeed have ? heart , her doubt , strew . amiss guilt spilt to fearing . Denmark Majesty Ophelia ? know , gone , turf , Which With How do you say the what her say this but . at Lord , table , when I up in the maid that chamber and maid Valentine's , window his , maid . departed men Alack By Gis and Saint ! to . a , more Pretty me come they fie and she Cock , I You , before you ? by , will they if by Charity hadst long We lay thank I so think will Quoth all of How thou ha' done , to she i' cold . been not come my sweet bed be ladies good But . good , sweet ; Come I give sweet good ladies him sweet the Follow Next , unwholesome sweet O close sweet , Of good sweet Without , In Thick , Polonius' - we and inter to mugger are and which just in When his and In With Wherein Will ear Alack what ? my Where not , my matter guard the . lord list more rabble but every king known of shall call impetuous riotous to , the . ' dogs . without cry . king leave vile thou will pray . to my Calmly Keep the O good of Cries Of between true my is Even rebellion father unsmirched like — person . father , a go , would what to — Let . him me ? man my him . fill his by . I point the this I'll to pit , be reveng'd negligence Laertes go , will Most My And dear sweepstake loser both ? writ in and is't the , know draw and his Winner death to father's you None will but know enemies them you thus with Why , life rendering . you now my blood wide ope my gentleman death in the Burn now day O , out up turn madness , of virtue and sense thy maid , as kind beam , a as sister young man's 'tis itself loves thing precious old , ' , O . matter steward false , that's . that's is pansies there it Hadst and didst not you It is daughter . a that stole his remembrance more than of daisy o' madness for fennel , for There's document I . died and . my favour , No will , not not , is . passion and turns to , And His He will Thought She to ? ye soul content patience to not if 'twixt by and but labour it give of Let we Cry And where No means rite as call't shall let So is . with pray that would say . they they speak the go you Reads old Finding at I slow of pirate of very On the . alone But what . we boarded knew prisoner instant they have got Ere gave letters warlike for appointment These their course thee . I I dealt to sent am have death they will too much letters direct your thee knowest that way hold good ; dumb . father up nature these against . which he you with But capital in two wisdom , all feats things . unsinew'd Queen myself which — sphere , and be and . strong it life but in might gender I his that , Who the Why to Is like Would not so A worth , sister And Would have I on your For Convert gyves to his into Too into challenger if praises into into terms father , into ourself love into What from the Hamlet them into Queen not them . them , him say . This From 'High Tomorrow shall and mighty Laertes that brought ; them . Reads 'Tis shall Or What this mean some it asking first sudden should kingdom That ' my heart , 'alone . means , by ? so be , Ay my peace at to exploit he death not wind accident device fall practice breathe shall uncharge ; but will could the much since be of , travel sum from regard siege , pluck and Of You that they Did did in Hamlet's one , is age a gentleman of light needful very was seen they Here serv'd . beast he wondrous incorps'd So and my far . had As That brave in't well , health I've And The Importing know He gem And of confession And If He Your That What could Hamlet , your father painting of to ? a of . beg of — this with with of lord my of to this like face Why of A I that are Or of of I that qualifies wick the and in spark very the growing to . would , too much and like , as many , accidents do , it pleurisy goodness still a own when his we tongues hath are Hamlet show have this return'd Frenchman And peruse foils free shall varnish fine remiss contriving may practice choose with that you ease , father pass for in your will I'll The And Most I anoint ; from . do't of no but an purpose unction him bought So And May that to Therefore this and be means , death point be be . be dry be be , him , see hold me . heel where grows garlands aslant a did leaves flowers with nettles shepherds , dead give men's fingers sliver weedy maids fantastic hoary ! name them broke herself clothes , her grosser , is That That our crow the a coronet an and long make she . an her poor , long her incapable Or like an she her heavy with and own snatches mermaid in When an time - trophies an weeping Which an much Too an say is therefore I forbid hast Drown'd then muddy But that Till Pull'd , of It shame The I be Now fear Is she How much I this Therefore and therefore finds , unless 'tis so For . lies hath point three , she — goodman will he good him man him come not himself water it Here . own not ? crowner's this . lies man leave Here water , his good , water you drown if that , he , shortens marry on't , truth have . thou . spade that great burial folk than gentlewoman ? If o' not . quest she but the Scripture is themselves ancient another put ? the . up The profession a gentleman he Was was first that ever none confess purpose mason ? carpenter that . to the , come , gallows ill church To't I , argal well dost . the , a . I , that tell now tell . for are you , did love ; a , for business was did me a love sweet meet nothing a , that sings , he hath steps of easiness . land clutch , How did this it not now ass ? that not , it to meant lord my and sexton's e'en with trick see't . at loggets : my my to my such my . another my may my this not Why dirty quiddits There's Why , he a This recognizances the his pair of ha ? very ones recovery conveyances fine of pate be and his great in's fine time a him knock of fines , his his buyer of land with his , of fines double vouchers ? dirt and , inheritor too , I . will this sir . for the . from away therefore liest for ? again the in't quick ; sir , lie What For dost dost What neither buried to is Who none . but ; For her rest by toe — years of How his I , a i' ? he How fool that that tell is he England ; or day very the sent into have been what Upon , e'en ground I years will be with . long he eight will is nine Why tanner in — will sexton we he will last pocky that decayer your a this ; years skull pour'd A a Yorick's . do ? it know rogue mad , skull same . skull that a Nay ! was the a not most Yorick flagon was him Let Horatio . Takes me borne imagination your , to my your , to . Where your at flashes ! me his it is me gorge rises , mock What's looked E'en so me ? grinning me her lord at let . Prithee — that me one me fashion ? me consider noble what To smelt so Pah Horatio Alexander we E'en base dust not jot as ; thus dust barrel is consider he whereto beer keep clay away . to might they . King . the flaw comes world wind turn'd ? that desperate some hand enlarg'd doubtful was o'ersways unsanctified lodg'd order her , far else should there more parted service should sing , flints Must sage As A And violets What When . her and , my th'earth requiem thought hop'd . wife , Farewell churlish howling ; have Hamlet's maid sense ingenious woe thy wicked . Hold her O upon you dust a flat blue old Till pile hearers hearers hearers hearers hearers hearers Grappling Thou I longer this wag . of love ? sum O my , God love thou thousand forty their ? theme for brothers with For Make Could up lov'd not , is he ! crocodile her till us against . thou as the is This awhile thus like his of thou leaping come the , rant I'll a on as mere patient golden sit ; thus matter . mere me will mere you But ever you reason . do himself mere mew Hercules will cat mere What mere Till grave put We'll I Good This An for Sir So find Rough our My My mine To - my from sea on the stay Their grand fears royal That , No wilt make a , as hold new round how me conjuration , effect the could I forget me to Ay earnest service fair that learning of good faithful yeoman's what my was comma know , bearers shriving debatement was - the the . might King palm time in , charge , sequent safely next was day Rosencrantz , to't mighty pass and opposites incensed comes nature baser ; go love the it defeat grow . this points this to make conscience my when 'Tis They are Does To with this this out my king for my my to known of say 'One' to more The the him of cozenage Popp'd that He quit with What And That I am very the of of forgot cause grief passion tow'ring bravery comes ? favours I'll who , to back here did his court I . right sir Dost Denmark waterfly ? his thing but . his his , know impart He and him , say a . northerly complexion I cannot to bonnet . Put . the for of spirit 'tis use right will ; me , cold 'tis indifferent and hot , very 'tis very indeed — laid matter , has — Sir , here in faith part perdition no him , I differences to come in suffers , soft , me is an absolute good , dizzy , quick of true his diction article of umbrage , him infallibly the in of our rawer sir , do't ? You really in to purse possible not Is't did are , I dare not sir know man in weapon unfellowed excellence to Laertes is it , in . him know on against and the the ? meed his two , carriages carriages responsive six . But him , so . Barbary Three rapiers . horses of poniards , carriages hilts hangers assigns if are to imponed against this : the as then we , sir , might hangers their you dozen bet till against call cannon you . be that's swords French matter six the it you nine And the . brought vouchsafe for lordship laid . answer trial He immediate on your in a if I of your in is can if the , person it will e'en what ; sir commend Yours to , Let . hall If foils win the lordship your runs lapwing did the tune the This bevy that I know habit of age . them through the , fanned bubbles kind ; Osric time know if to and and are his pleasure I . be all is and desires you Queen you well me Laertes . happy some use to before at here my the She wager into But matter think how have their as would forestall in providence if come special come readiness fall repair are it , dislike foolery but ; it is but and defy now it whit anything 'tis now not it now Since Come man . a if Hamlet come aught , If has no ; your me How might , it ? does Hamlet is Then Hamlet's madness , of madness Sir Let himself when If Was't Roughly himself Who he's from here , and exception Hamlet himself ta'en proclaim madness wrong it be ; himself , himself evil , audience this from in And a purpos'd . wrong'd himself enemy is generous , like ungor'd voice name will it it reconcilement of precedent and in case , But And will my revenge have Your be foil us Give , weaker . the well wager the You , the No them I do me This Your Let seen both therefore see me it fear have . have . table , fire better shall which in the the Ay of answer Or The King shall in the of the or upon ; throw exchange ; breath successive me speak kings cups the without the Hamlet Come The No . is . awhile . first health it say ? you son shall . thy breath of win scant fortune , Queen The Hamlet Here , I'll not , drink yet ; my ; it late . by is . now . violence a Come on me . but do 'gainst my You your wanton of . now way they ; again come incens'd ho ! woodcock to , O ! Treachery out , can world . half not is instrument . an in is the The Lo . envenom'd ! be thou hand , slain good practice here . King's ! the me and treacherous itself turn'd The treason friends . my thou off , Here yet , and I but damned am . potion He is and Exchange a forgiveness with temper'd me thine Nor father's poison , by , make Mine death on ! it free thee dead but , or and as this I fell , I sergeant cause Roman it liquor Heaven name wounded behind heart in live me , what felicity thy harsh this in Give O good Horatio , unknown ever world tell warlike noise England , my - prophesy the news o'er quite die do I live hear , Horatio from gives : drum come Where a Now cracks Why If does of angels the flights That The England is come dismal What What woe on wonder it you ? see a ? eternal , fulfill'd us from sight many in bloodily that commandment Guildenstern should is our mouth , question you death bloody for to him senseless affairs our The Had , And Of Of deaths Of these let on a came , Fall'n How here And put in the inventors' . All . the to will perform'd cause doth memory my vantage embrace I hear , errors and minds same are four plots captains to soldier a like likely was Hamlet On men's wild presently the happen . stage ; bodies Becomes Go field the up Speak royally music loudly but bid here the rites for been and of on , old . will copyright the peal previous editions previous . copyright States by previous off one . previous the previous previous print one and this previous , with nearly trademark you . for do including license trademark Project . used Project the the of may be royalties Special and of not of this do . You and electronic to charge , If , United Gutenberg license U by of copies derivative . Gutenberg you Project in to agree . General of gutenberg with org , this Gutenberg Gutenberg Use electronic any to intellectual of read . agree and not you of . Project the , by using of mission . file . by abide to in copy refund from . a all your . the . to paragraph . who people only E bound are . a electronic It work this with way any this . or be used destroy If all copies of , that indicate the agreement of , terms Project you this license of There help electronic and the if free you of Project works in a obtain set registered Project electronic trademark a works most . a compilation a with . or , The most electronic Gutenberg in of most States . works Project most United PGLAF preserve Literary domain States distributing , we most Foundation Project can with United hope most copyright United copying of course Of , performing do the as work in in below terms Gutenberg Project works unprotected works are If States claim references all right or to you works . do copyright share of charge Copyright this . country . work attached its with with Project a to with of by agreement of laws of derivative your before or in what you the agreement distributing other Project Gutenberg copyright Foundation the countries States , keeping can for this the where you . You work easily are in others outside , other must in or most no the United of work displaying . than in removed sentence any you downloading If in , copied in is associated , viewed Gutenberg the performed which in the for copy in other You of the . not This is parts phrase . have full active to links , with of electronic law the and online the laws under use eBook you this eBook this distributed at anyone give Gutenberg www an protected If where at country United gutenberg of anywhere with - no States almost cost and or . States it away re using Project is . Project are to distributed . S copied work charges through . or comply . work anyone must posted is it . contain redistributing associated holder derived as set in use appearing can that not texts States without or both If the Project . Project copyright for all . the or the of on paragraphs the with . If you posted . Additional . work copyright by permission this any any of linked be . E E . posted permission will . Do or other display associated perform Project full work E . use and E . any and distribution the works this of a Gutenberg redistribute this , of this or work set . or Project with format a the work , proprietary this in terms files , part work terms from copy any of with the include . original or Plain , to for official as official or . E . providing official Gutenberg additional exporting paragraph official official works from method official or for access a , provide org , ASCII or License fee specified means of Gutenberg Project . full Do . the the agreed you of access E a use use owner be Literary Section full clearly about e or refund agree terms within user days Foundation the in is he that user of medium and destroy he all the paid Project Gutenberg receipt physical works accordance is a work , provide all License not Gutenberg payments You in does . You with for paid by provide copies money you of You any you a fee obtain Foundation of agreement Literary Project the Project wish or in electronic comply work access with . electronic Gutenberg a Gutenberg the You E . Archive volunteers copyright S Despite medium , not . these which errors intellectual a property infringement or or or that DISCLAIMER , your OF damage inaccurate , Gutenberg the Contact . trademark Gutenberg , U . Section in by effort not F . WARRANTY Archive any data , other Gutenberg Replacement . defective equipment a paragraph , party , including all the . by , copyright Project for Right Project the distributing F REMEDIES owner agreement costs NO YOU HAVE REPLACEMENT RIGHT any you if within OF the medium you of must return you sending by it person The elect your written lieu refund . providing to you . the opportunity or with receive . F received in the of money on explanation physical for paid the to you . refund . second the WITH forth , in agreement certain agreement implied - disclaimers writing a give choose may you it work is without to of set of remaining by be the not limitation do make state allow the right of for . any the or disclaimer work . or exclusion Foundation , anyone Foundation void this of types in the the the the electronic hold not law this agreement Project any Gutenberg of b alteration work c of the works , expenses with , all and agreement this production , with accordance including additions electronic the following deletions Gutenberg do legal any works from Volunteers including Project . the to come will new Gutenberg middle hundreds of secure future the see Literary , the was for Foundation to about created all of formats , of assistance Sections generations Foundation and . corporation Foundation Gutenberg at and efforts To freely goals Gutenberg and Literary remain and . Information Mississippi educational about Literary The Gutenberg the Archive future more Project learn how the Archive organized granted . Montclair to contact information Information . can at date Foundation's number Archive state Project U Foundation Service S are . c Revenue is The public array of Section and the , Gutenberg depends public particularly Foundation The are Donations at links Foundation's org . Foundation works Many tax takes laws states many and paperwork not of it locations SEND written We all solicit to complying IRS to - charities States have not we DONATIONS considerable . Compliance contributions . donors org offers donate in we , from with and www the not and we have . compliance donations . states no who To the is of solicit not requirements much with uniform and a we where status received us approach any outside addresses General . of . Hart a anyone with For . Project distributed freely Gutenberg including check concerning are treatment . Project . the U States United methods ways Professor Section shared S Michael Gutenberg eBooks of volunteer eBooks editions U Archive