? there Who's me . unfold yourself most struck much sick had relief am at And this For Not mouse you guard heart bed thee . Marcellus , make haste there ? and Give night this , them Who ho the soldier . Give , good my , Barnardo there . Horatio him again . tonight ? appear'd this . us good . Marcellus hold of of this , your , story it to come of seen along . seen have against assail 'twill if , star that's all of , awhile our down , What Well we yond same bell then Look like same speak the figure art Most Looks Thou In it spoke with me like art Together majesty . It march which sometimes In , speak gone Stay Did with that How Before my God , might not avouch ? King eyes you I sensible . the to own the Such this had angry believe combated strange , before twice frown'd was the he he parle ice , 'Tis stalk Thus In But not What , this such of ; task land observant , sore week haste day can joint That So Does least And why toils mart make be impress And Why divide of foreign such the image , as Whose Was so this , combat even know on Dar'd to the side Well forfeit he the Did Against by the King of ; of seiz'd stood life vanquisher To His Was fell And he Hath Had gaged the of a For That it and up food a us , full , young Fortinbras no some cov'nant design'd here there , same , the sir lawless and , Norway enterprise state other , those our I chief and haste it father terms to the unimproved mettle , lands strong by hand in't diet appear motive our that this so question the . figure so the like the other be it the source Is - post was armed through watch to is Comes and That trouble the tenantless and the of is mightiest and Neptune's precurse still Unto our with doomsday of dews of , moist , streets earth earth ! earth ! earth again of , though hast earth If That may earth , cross it earth soft art happily thou Which treasure O hast , Or if they , say Stop it of here ! the mockery , speak to vain as wrong it offer is , summons lofty and . I shrill a like when , so , gone ! that a is have at sounding , fire the in . And erring earth his - trumpet to or . comes stir , strike abroad ; to long , air spirit herein truth season the made , to with speak upon have my life it morning tonight charm time clad part in and russet high our by yon of our the , what watch for Hamlet dumb in The consent Do you do't Let's needful we loves That we Together with wisest sorrow think woe ; him queen our now 'twere jointress sometime in , Laertes memory Yet To hearts sister this and , weighing to discretion hath remembrance far Hamlet contracted so With mirth Our state to dear late disjoint Now Or wife auspicious joy defeated and nor , our supposal ; be of out of worth his . this time those us pester to brother and by our for ourself business , most Now Thus and the bed young for valiant father with Holding follows this a by that , hath not his : purpose , have much for meeting scarcely suppress levies dispatch proportions uncle nephew's herein and Cornelius this and Fortinbras to all message of , surrender the Norway gait good Giving the , made are we further further Out To impotent , his this , here Voltemand . articles , more than power to you , Norway the farewell thy to heartily duty . heart the thy ? to Laertes instrumental my wouldst the asking , with . Dane beg , offer more of throne more not of some the reason to , you ? What not is't thou , Denmark again that duty France ; coronation came thou in have my my now in in Laertes you I He in in thoughts My Yet lord give spend , at thy will son in than Hamlet kin cousin the in still How A , clouds than less the you kind . and to consent at last and ; I that is little my ? beseech do Aside , lord ever like much off Denmark . die . lives thy am , I Good Hamlet cast thy nighted colour . must that all for look friend vailed thine , it , eternity common . good I is of of , truly a play seem grief . show suits the which These shows black madam , Together To But That Nor No give I These Nor windy suspiration forms trappings obsequious obstinate do 'Tis is , But a , his your duties your the a obligation condolement some to course persevere , woe passeth ; father . Hamlet father lost to opposition . lost sorrow . filial shows impious a will against As what unfortified understanding we any , throw to cried died hath , to 'tis a still who whose common and absurd dead us earth today world his and our our not prayers son Hamlet to your , throne love nobility father . son intent . Wittenberg . reply come . madam a of , Hamlet Madam fair , shall shall today whereof . away bruit , fix'd dew God ! two mother heaven beteem loving to winds , That things slaughter uses rank an this unweeded gross come was Heaven the not and hang grown yet appetite she so not a king it 'tis in to , this this much ; dead — excellent months So to it grows Possess he her As , A brother have mourn'd Hercules , month she or my . that ; to . O the such married not is With She my nor it dexterity to wicked in her speed incestuous come hold sheets to galled . ever with Horatio friend make you Marcellus good am very But what truant faith to , I A shall Nor would yourself But We'll teach think Did Thrift , ever father I my In saw him I My Upon the With had me to middle A . together let gentlemen may while deliver their these hear you love This admiration witness For marvel attent Two Marcellus dead point , and like figure exactly stately them by length truncheon's oppress'd Armed thus at Goes his with secrecy them the In And Where I as , third him whilst the not they of impart had cap of comes they apparition hands . not where My Stand Form made it none as , My cock morning like head lord to then sound it away , did address ? to it it up upon Did speak It even lifted But did and it yet shrunk speak loud vanish'd the motion And And But the And To , you , to My say say lord say , What , say yes say O look'd my say saw you , And I would been much . anger a long you would It like longer with Very . very one amaz'd ? life ? no , I when Longer , saw't was His as my If you If I assume And it my , all gape , sight . twelve but eleven and fare , 'twixt platform whatsoever loves the will tenable visit you itself you this it So you ; tongue ye . come ! rise . benefit , you not winds are My , But let is Till all the earth convoy Hold For For inward permanent the fashion and the a , of so ; more in perfume suppliance sweet No No service crescent but soul now , besmirch not but ; his subject will . more as , do virtue of his will , himself greatness His As he Unto And He for sanctity the give Or lose Fear The keep If Virtue itself oft the Too before morn Be . keep good way to , libertine reckless own his treads thorny puff'd and dalliance pastors and some steep a the Do like , near lesson do . fear in brother ; Aboard double A , blessing . Whilst Himself me the Show Yet The sits fear . grace double long here not father shame , sail leave shoulder , Laertes stay'd There the in wind you each may habit express'd Costly that th'opposed few reserve thy dull hatch'd quarrel unfledg'd palm ; a ear thy but as purse proclaims the and apparel ; rich fancy oft generous nor both the to : a best of edge itself of own night . my . that in and : husbandry chief lender self and be ; friend ; the any to thine then not canst Thou humbly I And you 'Tis Farewell is't So What , he bethought ; hath well to you been — audience so way of caution daughter made many hath of , affection late hath between you my his lord hath understand not , your hath in behoves You As is it hath , hath He ! Pooh Affection you not believe Do , not My Ay And , you'll Ay you'll it Running you'll Which Or , you'll fashion lord he , you'll you'll you my , to . soul , daughter the I holy , woodcocks catch , extinct , of it your . this time , show suits , are they of . This unholy , ways Hamlet Lord time . come ; this your . leisure any you , shall to't I , As , It is nipping ; shrewdly , very . cold , eager ? draws to It held his . spirit does not this mean the his and draughts thus . is't out , reels , custom phrase height , of mole birth their So Oft their nature pales , that ; complexion of o'erleavens , these reason , that stamp be — plausive some down o'ergrowth manners in Since By As breaking The His cannot they too men grace , undergo take dram a evil doubt corruption as Fortune's may pure or the particular the that Shall To virtues , as substance all infinite in As From Doth Bring Be Thou I father to intents thy thee a and , burst royal speak with Wherein burst Have cast thee Hath To That With Making , shake What Wherefore disposition our should of souls , sepulchre , this mean , marble What ! the to the beyond is It beckons you it As Revisit'st waves do you No It not will speak ; It with I for waves the should what What And , set my life can as be , my what forth you dreadful the other sovereignty into of flood follow it to desperation brain the some some some some some every of into fathoms roar me some it puts so And That Without hears It , I'll go makes some hardy My ; as . shall the I call'd petty cries out not , in lion's each Be fate body . that gentlemen on Go , I'll of him imagination with thus fit away ! make I'll He , say I follow Let's Something is Whither thou wilt Have rotten . will Heaven , me Mark I to My is sulph'rous I lead When hour . but I lend ghost flames shalt . thy hearing . spirit walk in of am , when hear , the But to fast days I freeze locks my of ; to hair particular soul my . done fires to that in away purg'd and Make his Revenge most ! list — it strange , the But to meditation As thou rots this . Now Lethe orchard fat Hamlet thou find I shouldst duller And me stung by thee or know't Haste itself that stir me given out Is abus'd Rankly The 'Tis Wouldst not A wears process thou soul ! gifts adulterate the . power — have virtuous of was falling won with that , gifts off seeming - his shameful there a , radiant garbage the , vial my bed air , angel , celestial , of , uncle secure of leperous The the of custom juice in porches cursed swift of with natural That enmity distilment with blood of doth into about it of mine milk crust loathsome of brother's once . hand of ; account . horrible head to on ! bed and this let act thy damned incest her to bosom well thee at lodge fire once , heaven , me . to his , pale to adieu adieu the matin soul contrive leave in her nor Fare be ? What , thee instant ? not Remember grow . fie memory Remember memory thee fond of , table my all all records there live shall heaven all ! villain by , villain all ; Denmark a to all in be my all me . remember . lord all . Within , So is , It Within Illo , ho Hillo What news How is't ho lord my , it from the come us tell There's , HORATIO be MARCELLUS my , the grave Denmark shall right i' this are and hands at and pray own we and every your Why hold I it fit you , heartily , lord . my , lord offence Patrick , too offence Saint . Yes And by an , There's no to know Touching me my is It O'ermaster't your you Give friends one have and lord make , we . I indeed Swear . there thou Art so this Consent stage sword sword the truepenny . cellarage ? so th'earth , we'll Then hither Come your speak , And said O , Well , A Here are things of dreamt more therefore Than , And but as in stranger a heaven your so and help earth you come , mercy , shall shake we if if and to not 'There be note , on such at mercy me or . spirit I so not . and man . Swear : giving ; know' we , to — to . pray spite right . I me commend as perturbed love t'express still this him let's I is time The Give You shall well lord , company and Marry , And know do son and , do Before My very what Of I did to it Look drift expense and you what at my some his do , And forgeries in , if't part in But and I but he be mean , so ' ; wild , and most . known that slips none rank liberty and You may that would you season put lord . Ay , Quarrelling or are companions , gaming drinking As , Faith You not no meaning But good you would this know lord ? that blood fiery taints incontinency ; quaintly ; faults so , assur'd working , does lord — this he then And sir does — Very , was 'closes What about was to something about ' or so , the : consequence' know , and the consequence or o'ertook ; saw in , did ' ' . you , sale' See , say , truth of carp wisdom with have reach of and ? rouse former You . indirections I lecture me have find and out of directions . in . ply my his And him my let shall I Well . lord the , have what's , his to stockings each in so look had horrors , been he shirt of As if his No Lord Pale , Ungart'red as with And a but love ? comes truly said not the he held of wrist ? all brow his face , his my stay'd . it to I know thy he to by me He goes with his did his As He thrice last would falls his And At seem to over he bended find his a it done without shoulder on of ecstasy . me is He with That sigh so shatter he lets me , am fordoes will I to to Come , This with the violent me . mad letters as and better with That His I him access did heed fear'd ourselves as But he to our age jealousy ! you ; to made the younger to we close , King to being , known Moreover Welcome have much we dear long and , it you see Guildenstern to you call man thus it that What nor ; use to inward himself the . it father's from much nor so dream th'understanding I . of so death young in with be put glean here youth companies gather him may within unknown to court , you occasion us lies he , I occasion To To And sure whom occasion , expend the occasion occasion occasion the pleasures occasion to king's sovereign , obey , service our up power more entreaty both ourselves be commanded To We freely Guildenstern , us of command bent lay To too My And much Heavens And beseech Rosencrantz Thanks , son our make bring I Guildenstern . instantly and changed and you , of , my good return'd , joyfully as or liege mine of King soul , my hold I , to duty lord hast — cause of Hamlet's long lunacy . found . have hear feast ; th'ambassadors great them found . distemper son's he , the o'erhasty hath our father's I my to , sift friends our good , what ! Norway brother to out and him found truly whereat , arrests he 'gainst into That Upon His Most To first look'd our fair , nephew's Was Makes old levied So That it for further this shown enterprise quiet , pass : soldiers your . read we'll well . and down business took . together we'll at likes at more consider'd are us your . feast - this well upon home you Answer to we thank rest , Most This And Meantime What Were Go day I Why Mad Madam but it but to limbs . brief I tediousness , is be that with 'tis him of this this , I will less art art to use matter let And farewell , 'tis swear use I is That he use mad use we For a me daughter her , use — the the the out effect defective have and and use have it this grant comes . this duty Now soul's idol phrase shall you Hamlet to a from be fire faithful sun doth a liar move love , her ? awhile that never I O , best truth Doubt thou Doubt Good madam stay I are stars reckon Adieu to him it . place , me and is , have not art ? love solicitings his . that you the on might wing you honourable . me of and what But love must might what hot this , seen so . me here mute idle hot I , think book - hot , with queen table , hot tell or winking , hot then , thus went and sight bespeak tokens resort hot advice make tale of from precepts out love hot I star , this into then receive , work , declension weakness ? he may such When it that , if indeed be I said this me though it . together will this . find otherwise , it hid ? walks . hours indeed daughter , not then farm fall'n , arras to him thereon love it . wretch , you , give Hamlet ? me board Well does I , How - God , Then were man to ? lord lord , well Excellent I would you Honest be breed , goes thousand , lord this . ten world . of as very sun For if to , a lord , Friend Conception is harping much blessing , to't but not ? daughter far . a a Still Aside youth him he . that may ? first by in . my I I again was suffered fishmonger do What . extremity , love read you . my lord . grey amber . wit , down set you crab . yet you this be out Though my lord old lack of eyes here says ; to sir a , honesty they that and ; hold should , yet . hams All you believe be Into , air that prosperously , honourable except my sir cannot , the out , not lord You My to honoured lord , save lord ! sir . he is , lord Neither in , waist , the . privates or favours she is , her live we are not shoe we of ? her . me ? more hands ? sends my that my lord , Prison have . near is one thinking none to makes , is the confines worst lord my many in there are so not for . that nutshell and I 'tis To you think so one narrow dreams light shadow the not , it is too is a prison . the . shadow be ambition your then makes in it ambitious , dream of so , to shadows , beggars' Then ambition such in to you To the like you beaten We'll . For GUILDENSTERN wait not will sort , rest what with the upon . court reason I an way of man Come What But kind justly with confession to the we say , a halfpenny , free in it my You your sent Queen were which , should King end me what of But our by to of purpose looks my me . To consonancy I . conjure , by a , you say and , could were of you . sent for me you for . prevent and shall my all my no heavily a me with so to air , not , roof seems fire , this golden look it know King earth Queen lost mirth moult were goes a foul sterile and noble god : admirable and to me , nor , in o'erhanging ; it why , a like express pestilent in ; how , so , beauty is action this and . Lenten me' entertainment way part ; have sere ; peace th' in the halt lover the tragedians take to city players profit they players it chances players same residence players . means did followed are players , by ? better comes players How players hold they the ? pace ; there now them ? sing they thither , question , the sir of top but that so - Do the afraid they the their of they most , aerie children , tyrannically common little and are the if , if sin bid there to make they been them to controversy poet the Is't Do do that O , there carry . my the throwing load , his too . forty and if give in picture could of and about ? uncle King father players natural . Your and a strange my . Elsinore are ceremony players like the . aunt father ? mother yours are entertainment , come must The with you You . southerly deceived gentlemen . hearer a That . is for his ear When , my what In mad - from a . handsaw and is you baby be you indeed . too yet to , out , at of each ; they Monday . the child players so Roscius lord . Monday Rome in Monday was it . an you . Monday Monday my comedy tragedy ass — Monday , individable , honour my are come buzz - heavy , world either actor Upon , historical . men only too . or the historical , tragical hadst well passing my , daughter he fair Jephthah . daughter right Still . i' not th' a . my well follows Nay me The on Why 'One daughter lord love . more then , most show . will like . it welcome , thou , my to beard , of lady your a , be Come to't masters . and thee , last a Com'st altitude e'en not a , speech . straight a a Come . like French passionate a but , once speech What a a have We'll . all welcome quality a , me nor called a it an the I , thee , heard , not whose caviare to in in no , Priam's , he his as Hath and of With he now purpose : it me Dido to let begins did ominous , the with parching damned hellish gore seeks you sons , light accent good sword , antique with , proceed good him with spoken lies it sword strikes match'd falls , Ilium fell wide flaming with of Then , senseless rage and , this . hideous , sword his lo and . at Greeks command . finds where His he . stood Pyrrhus matter rack and will nothing tyrant i' For . ear his his wind blow base prisoner to Pyrrhus' declining Priam was So silence in and , some against , a a as heavens anon the for . take and the away Pyrrhus' bleeding All proof - eterne sword you power ; forg'd the long fiends of heaven forg'd hill . her forg'd , Prithee forg'd , forg'd strumpet on falls fellies down to is As the the round bowl all nave forg'd come barber's In spokes as . to beard bawdry , or he sleeps . is upon all lank her and late With Run ; tale of the threat'ning A . in the A A 'Gainst this A About blanket Who In When A if The state , A seen the A have Unless she gods burst saw with his themselves make the move passion thee you speak the well were I will better Use after . your is in your , man their you live every them according use own bounty . Take them desert dignity . study insert speech some could a and need The . play you play tomorrow . Murder lord you Ay and Follow would of , lord him , b' and ye peasant this slave not I'll mock look friends , Is But force That Tears voice working soul , in a rogue my welcome to that wi' a it that so monstrous not that that What's in that that mad to that broken A And cleave the weep forms and That and and and nose breaks pate coward across face ? and ? cannot be throat ? and cause rascal , guilty and dreams unpregnant , it does ? have Oh , lecherous bitter , lungs , made Upon by as I Am I it for th' my in me it , ere most murder'd villain , that of the it have to . like the proclaim'd I'll their soul I a by - scullion fall And Play most Been They very the presently will these have he devil , and perhaps seen blench ; power and have play's I'll . conscience spirits and the , and and melancholy and circumstance of puts harshly why and and Grating from what will do with crafty he dangerous lunacy from But on madness Of his true to by feels he him forward keeps sounded aloof confession but his of gentleman reply well him to . like , his a in to any out Of these him players certain the fell did it in way so , there We o'er To This as me and To To beseech'd heart hear ; hear my his , Gertrude , leave too us lord . my by accident 'twere Ophelia sent , myself that encounter as , him he thus th'affliction shall I part good both his so your to I . To will 'Tis How , O too pious We Ophelia loneliness too a harlot's not to to ugly my that 'tis doth with true ! painted it most burden Let's withdraw helps conscience , my that . be To Whether The 'tis not , Or to hear to to , suffer , my question . the , the what off . ay pause of calamity shuffled proud time , come rub , delay law's man's scorns There's dream we For sleep , That that us dreams life fardels after whose the puzzles , something those of dread , a these quietus the the respect contumely spurns , takes , the of love , make life from will we all thought us not ills cast and turn resolution , the traveller us returns country rather undiscover'd The No Than the The thank humbly My lord longed have lord , deliver . yours - orisons ? remember'd , my this ; your Good honour you for I receive My As made gifts these Rich wax the when Ha Are when you my , There , when ? honesty should . when when no with ? when from honesty can honesty sooner transform honesty the translate when now time , made me so but will love did the beauty . than once believe cannot so our sinners things I proud very have ? such shape , time , and I or to to than of to beck to am to ? us between to to to fool nowhere to . lord may Farewell that him own in's help O upon shut dost marry to chaste thou as I'll give , enough ; go and creatures on't , another too God's more . the Th'expectancy The The O , what fashion all of of deject mould fair of observers the , see that Like Now That suck'd unmatch'd most music sovereign O feature bells form I with jangled ecstasy seen That Th'observ'd T'have Nor , affections way his disclose danger His ? Love what Thus set For it down the I have : seas the Haply of shall which There's something on hatch sits for determination to and quick countries shall to , expel heart him you yet commencement shall from us . grief as Hamlet Lord do you if You heard Let mother My neglected not love How her so be show And his his From fashion It need do origin Sprung The But all tell , round entreat , what all it lord , be you or If please him best shall wisdom conference Your all the tongue speech I if But , pray thus I may but mouth as of to you Nor . all lines , it spoke my smoothness it periwig the - to neither word but let your to own discretion the the this , as 'twere Now , O praise of , and others others heard and judicious hold the , whole a tardy off own his hold of the ; theatre hold censure and scorn to , hold . the the make unskilful hold though hold that , neither nor man having Nature's they , of pagan , imitated , the have that humanity men strutted and abominably with . so had made so , indifferently have set it than be to though themselves too , more O laugh to is reform for down the considered That's How now hear my that presently ? help make of piece the Queen Will the you Bid two , and ROSENCRANTZ What e'en dear my thou , Here As , service as cop'd lord . good , flatter'd spirits election hast suffers choice the absurd from I fawning , tongue candied ? should hinges fawning Why but the fawning soul men mistress pregnant follow fawning equal stop , fawning Hast ta'en man in thee could Since my And thrift dear fawning the with fawning one A for herself suffering that To heart's core . play it of a thee is I I Observe , scene do blood and Whose In Which prithee is Even thee when told not my . Give are of his in imaginations damned Do And It a stithy ghost that mine after we Vulcan's For I steal 'scape . play Get to , fares Enter I whilst be . once . eat , Ophelia air , the play'd killed calf good ? My me attractive Hamlet metal dear ? ready they ; my you lap in ! I , lie more lie . ho , think lie meant matters lord lie lie nothing think you to thought lie are Nothing my , between lord is ? I my . father ! Ay only how cheerfully - Who , lord and two wear , his or life not have is shall , he ? Then suffer ' her . protestation unto 'For half a O O But . not forgotten I'll year else devil ago and and . him embracing , he bank a in a King's and comes fellow , in . awhile ? it show the argument players the keep fellow Be ashamed . means you not show this . cannot meant you . what it the ? us tell , show or You a this , round my . or for clemency , tragedy our your love woman's 'Tis As hath and times wash thirty salt thirty commutual hearts , twelve borrow'd and Phoebus' Since the Neptune's love About Full And world our Unite , woe , you from , nothing though must . you love great littlest former be done late state o'er sick of shortly do : is fear grows doubts love , and behind , too there functions this haply , great great is love little Where Now what And Where , fears I And My None A Are second . but second Aside The you of Wormwood is slave , the determine think do but me bed , move now oft believe time When what Purpose But like unshaken necessary now , fall to To Of Most violence , in what ourselves passion ourselves either or destroy 'tis not change , try own run a enemy doth ; our begun lord . contrary ends second me to wilt , devices to end still when thou But But our ours thy So An and repose lock thy none nor and scope , light ! destroy lasting face trust day , from desperation anchor's opposite would have a that in my prison blanks hence she , tedious thy come never Sleep like this you us how Have no , call you do the , how . done shall anon Marry The What poison the piece souls our we and see Mousetrap they majesty murder I are You is that 'tis , if I could see keen lord are lord . lord fit croaking the of lord else blasted dire lord Thoughts , Confederate Hecate's ban natural wholesome Thy rank , thrice lord th'garden i' extant poisons mixture and weeds thrice time ; seeing creature and , infected property midnight and , is He What Give must and Turk turn , me A dost For shoes fortunes this not This get Of Half A the ghost's word — have perceive lord . my , thousand here . rhymed very himself , Horatio , I'll You a ? the poisoning him Come . music not likes talk the of music the , recorders comedy the , it . perdie with marvellous sir ? of ? you sir retirement , The what , this perhaps signify distempered choler more discourse richer to With ; him far his , sir . affliction , and plunge to itself show me put into tame mother your my lord Good The , I if lord my me your commandment you please can pardon , cannot ? rather diseased a make no , admiration says , make Then at speak in her ere mother's closet our obey desires to son can : your And of by , do with us once were with she lord , shall She you trade what distemper . pickers did you when Sir lack own is still these lack upon , while the , lack How the if well do not wind of lack Will . To you , bold duty be my lack . recover lord understand too lack Believe me My that . pray my I : touch I lying with no of you mouth Look , your , breath as govern command these cannot eloquent as 'Tis thumb music I , But , you look played on than a fret can you there seem how to now and be , you me the you you cannot ; lord that's Methinks the It backed speak almost a a speak ? speak presently you with . weasel speak mass speak my speak I . by a Very like and will . a say will witching hell , very the easily yawn world a Now . by a by Leave I a a . mother to use . bosom now . not Nero cruel daggers Let soul The will I quake Would O give seals never soul me My To How my to enter be firm none endure not with dispatch , grow hourly along estate us of his Out The like not , shall may you mind bound is armour peculiar of alone upon ; many The To live your many holy keep The strength with huge and spokes Each small mortis'd Fix'd What's not from and and keep all spirit the 'noyance but of life ; a mount draw massy gulf cease depend much more wheel falls , alone groan ; general ten of thousand things , this a sigh pray , King , on To Which Did the For My lord put upon . petty , Never voyage footed . to haste and We now ROSENCRANTZ we hear The of my My A inclination guilt defeats like man as murder ! be dear I'll the is it rank intent : mercy the in snow the to And And I Were Though stronger a where rain visage but ere Or what's in confront white thicker not both itself than to Whereto with What cursed come Then O ? Forgive I did I , my queen . possess'd of up ! prize justice ? action ourselves What can of above lies not , rests What , the . black as then our faults compell'd by the , free to cannot Make ? it the What and 'tis the . 'tis corrupted pardon'd currents of this the the forehead , But the not nature no oft out to the ! the is the it Help sinews ; soul wretched what give his true , in evidence . and when can To , state can more repentance , what , and heart born strings be of . death steel , heaven as bread villain , of salary full , and father , not , soul then thought , of of his father the and who ? passage father father No : father father . father ; his a season'd ; some horrid hent rage his asleep pleasure or be relish swearing kick damn'd as in't black , am in him take know of it his that That has that Or When my . below . and goes physic My Words words The King to Look been hath broad to e'en here stood , me mother . Fear I him hear coming not , you , much offended my have hast Withdraw I'll , tongue idle answer with father much . matter what's how an offended . with a . Queen What's , tongue are you my , mother so your rood , forgot matter the , And Nay You Come Dead now ? ducat dead ! help help help Help for ! rat , Draws ! me murder not Thou ho ? the it , O . ho , What . A I what kill deed know ? thou I Behind O , me and bloody , Is done deed not as bad Take thy danger sit Peace , kill ? king a wretched lady 'twas word rash , Thou To Polonius . Thou wringing your be for thee thy better let That Leave And have What The And sets fair virtue the As As thought solidity and and body , takes . dicers' visage this Ay me , Heaven's face religion love glow deed mass forehead hypocrite an a plucks , doom . the index the in on brothers this on , thunders , loud so roars rhapsody A curls , station , front presentment this a of of Jove and herald heaven a assurance form set to - of seal hill , command kissing his Look it ? leave Ha mountain . fair for is to not apoplex'd Is Else Would Could Blasting Here your husband wholesome this the in your is give did world this on you his Have like you , brother tame at have ; a eyes it's you what judgement have that sense your , devil sight sense all sans true without feeling of , smelling mutine mope flaming melt the And so Or Could not Ears That But in Eyes thus serve a you , cozen'd part ! where is charge . more no speak eyes see mine I As turn'st Nay will sweat of but to an , honeying in the speak the bed in mine Hamlet . sweet , slave A more twentieth ears ; rule vice ; and live making no more the kings patches . diadem , stole , gracious your me you passion precious ! would me of Save and hover o'er ! important laps'd heavenly time and mad . command by fighting her . soul mother sits works Hamlet on amazement is Conceit Speak , bodies , you is't the hairs , your how your , Alas you That , on patience flame the up as stand Look conjoin'd His Would On cause true them this — with stern want To Will ! and heat an end you thy do look ? he glares see I is ? there speak nothing nothing that all yet No My Why you look is Is , father Look pulse And My Would It rank skin that matter as doth music Bring . Mother not Lay I but . and flattering , your . fatness vice for woo it of must these do leave hast the purer with worser me what avoid yourself is on Forgive mining to Confess the of compost heaven , come good him pursy times heart have you who is , gives on . kind frock or easiness livery more next Refrain the . lend mine go not in my the other half . not bed , uncle's the yet of and this , out nature ; stamp , For . you change abstinence curb wondrous To For the next will lady be good . only bestow bad be word One must death To I no King means tempt I that , cheek , worse , So and I his bed you do , in good 'Twere , fair wise bat , a sober a let , No But mad That I ravel from Who like basket famous the the house's essentially all paddock a . queen am not this matter out , know him , madness you gib , down in own of the and sense ? and would secrecy top , ape creep , on concluded so , England life . hard knavery . room Indeed . into set me , and knavery you knavery counsellor . knavery directly the his 'tis to knavery knavery . two secret an a , knavery sir was now good night , life draw to . heaves them profound . understand ? son place , on good my , Bestow have both In , mightier . How Hamlet does his when stir something a kills cries brainish good , deed ! everyone haunt ? we to , had of us to man keep would To We But Even on It , yourself been is , shall full to bloody us and so , whose us deed restrain'd But what , understand of a owner of pith it from foul most let is it disease fit , gone he kill'd , the very his Among itself the life madness of come him no will must ship O sun with and shall , majesty for metals weeps He mineral . pure Gertrude sooner go join you excuse madness , mother's closet with he , hath I pray out his speak in , we'll know them Gertrude him Into from both . chapel the countenance both done untimely Go And . whisper as his Transports Whose to we diameter come away name blank so , o'er the is the full hit of the world's his O and . Hamlet ! Lord here O ? come body ? kin it take it believe to we 'tis chapel may . own the son of ? countenance a be made and Believe what ? should replication not , he what jaw service his have you corner sponge me you a I of them sir . I lord the must I , you , and soaks do the officers in ape knavish the King thing you . Bring . with us tell A ! fox lord is not after , and all body . to loose , judgement put it , seem befall'n my ? the the By How Deliberate desperate But We cannot him from ? is he get where is , him Guildenstern Hamlet , Now , supper ? where's Polonius convocation of . worm is . eaten he is Your where us lean him . beggar to else one table but variable we fat Where and That's only emperor at eats your with fish that hath , that ! the alas hath a ? indeed you messenger the the up if find not him into seek , for thine deed stay come stairs not . you done hast tender , as , at England . Hamlet , For England Ay Good ? is knew'st come purposes ! Come wife England . man and and ; Hamlet and . flesh That And Away , it else homage Our process — which conjuring , cicatrice thy to After Pays sovereign letters hectic Hamlet . thou imports that to at not hold'st make it effect rages done 'tis , license , by his march . Till I blood ; rendezvous Fortinbras king . begun , us eye on his . with his . will powers softly Good whose of , sir some , I these sir . fee Pole not of sir . sir , without ! you no cause . before ? lord me What market and revenge inform A after and godlike ? with and That fust Why have he in too parts A I thought To or and such us feed Now whether or thing's this hath but not wisdom or event and Rightly , invisible or and , I do th'event one or — part know do prince or and , and the to , charge , the then straw be the great a argument the mother How quarrel , mortal the , time continent cause the , plot forth I see a fame and try , the from , or be this . worth nothing cannot and like , fantasy is slain be bloody distract pitied . her be will thoughts will is I My hide To Her She What at it of the unshaped use , fit nods and to their , would The good Though Indeed as And Which Spurns That tricks There's winks sure think there with much for and to hearers up - in true sin's , breeding she nature Denmark fearing in now another sandal cockle his Alas should the is know ? Ophelia this song stone . turf , grave look With Larded with bewept White Alas all , true - you the what but upon her may this say Saint the maid your at morning donn'd Valentine , door out a maid chamber maid Never in Then To be rose a All And Ophelia an ! I'll an Pretty Charity , shame blame me to't bed sun , tumbled come done promis'd , do't they me , to they for . before ha' not hadst How long she You So well I We , him sweet , come come from When . night of it her . death of O deep grief Gertrude spies slain muddied most father violent thoughts the not poison this O , Of In Polonius' - from Without hugger the , is much containing as all these . France ear , Gertrude to dear our person in , superfluous my father's many , matter death clouds , this , haste list his ? door places . guard . the them Let ? my head impetuous overpeering the , yourself my of more in , flats world the Laertes , The were hands shall be king , trail false Danish broke you . dogs , ' Laertes false , the is , How Caps The doors Sirs . Danes let's come king , you pray . that's , good . drop will , We thank you door my I That Let Cries Why thus Where my art my my my my hell To my my all means . world them little husband , They My my for I the . certainty writ in both loser Winner , Like That I am am , a you father's true pelican , it death , 'pear , judgement a and in your ? of be and turn , is't kind thy our Dear , scale It up sense love the fine itself bier ! wits life — revenge down stole that matter - nothing's for 'Down becomes Hadst a ! It and rosemary A for may , call father is all , itself rue There's . grace herb . We they difference and wither'd but , violets me rue with sweet and turns Thought bonny not not She to favour he will And not he death will thy no he not not not He beard is All , I this you Or not Laertes you deny your whom of not I must wisest judge with Go . 'twixt collateral , If by Make choice And us , Be they hear direct and commune but , kingdom not us , his bones , fall with let you So th'offence where Cry heard sword , nor 'twere hatchment be , must is I , in shall would they me . world you Hamlet of you , be Ere ourselves Finding days fellows . name a I death fly knew King much . grapple King . slow alone But mercy . sea too the boarded of have sail pirate They am I thou , so they I I them thine as me words repair light clear valour chase at became have the what prisoner instant compelled us dealt have they . they : thee too have am , sent I wouldst thou as . dumb good These knowest thine thee Guildenstern much I them of Come He the heard your my for you your put me , That must Sith he have must speedier way him To and you my and and and It you So Why and , safety and . in , and , else mother , which other in strong are , two were mainly special reasons , Queen myself for . her be it but not my , I count moves seem — him , arrows that faults general wood so ; turneth wind loud my stone , affection , back again graces I if And her . But that sister worth Stood perfections on challenger , driven can we your our of for sleeps let are pastime You we love shook and mount And I lov'd your I mount How What mount mount Letters , mount Queen to ; mount , From father you them naked When . occasions kingly recount them . them . He not I ? back of on eyes the . your hear Leave us . see am set my come ? rest such , all strange more he says come ' ' hand 'Tis am I That I It the 'Naked character you , the live 'Thus diest very it here But . me ? let my in thou him to — otherwise his tell and If how in . be you To his , death mother it shall not in now he device but I and that ; my practice , means ? me fall wind accident peace return'd will work , him breathe no call be lord if might It You And Wherein they that did Yet light and very needful Importing seen I've Than The the livery and Two months since gentleman graveness . that his weeds that , part What Of riband A too of sables , his , wears Normandy on a age his and , was myself doing incorps'd So brought shapes beast brave the they can As With That And to had I Come . far of forgery of what short That He gave And could he That you sudden out was you Laertes are Or , What ask face your father a Why think you did your sorrow you Not Now , of this dear this of my a love begun heart not ? fire the , growing . this we , spendthrift , for ; would too a much at and easing comes show And As Time lives of qualifies wick in do is when hath this are And his own we abatements then is That hurts Hamlet is many is is is ; sanctuarize chamber . No Where what convenience him touch thing blood draws May fit Weigh With have better back on see slightly time second proof assay'd in in , motion wager or a your have prepar'd — me that but . venom'd stuck , him , and might , cunnings end sipping , where aslant brook , grows leaves fantastic willow daisies the she , long stream call name purples coronet and herself wide , up . in maids her brook . sliver trophies envious a men's did glassy , them lay be not , tunes , yet , their her . melodious with native her could . drown'd ? holds But custom , that Gertrude this that speech have I woman say is And therefore Therefore will follow this had do douts fain would seeks The her herself in her make finds 'tis on is hath be Why , else . defence . crowner Christian found For . so , be It . Nay — leave herself hear , come to him stands delver , his death . a quest burial law ? law own ? marry truth have say'st my , to o' not , had great Christian more hang : or pity more gentlemen their than no Adam's hold is they grave Was thee says Adam digg'd If Could Why the , he me dig dost . heathen to art a The It like well builds stronger than shipwright , Now does outlives ? a thousand ; argal . or , and , To't , cannot tell will next 'a , not mend say get , Go . his thee behove liquor doomsday this that , he sings . sense , stealing me into in his hand the ; so And if claw'd But in of - might , ground offices This a th' ! courtier a Lady now ' ? lord good such my sexton's . with to my at loggets my e'en my a 'em my my and A O my clay clay . may clay , his Why another clay suffer dirty There's he . Hum with clay For This statutes him , clay . have the recognizances , fine might this will in's fine shovel fellow his Is does his no of of breadth a to scarcely this lie and more will Is not , sheep , to O speak Ay lord calves my You For lie part thine such pit , Mine dost lie my in't , on't , in't say lie it ; therefore away it no thou , then For , to is liest quick 't will a quick 'Tis One How is , knave is sir ! Who to but be ? but How — of but three speak , but woman Lord he the age the near a but the absolute it that the but grown a of Ay you but Every fool tell , long is is , sent . mad that since - maker ? grave Fortinbras o'ercame I that th' Hamlet he was , mad , that was born he sent into ; or there mad as ? strangely How How e'en his , Upon losing ? rot man boy thirty he ; more he so . pocky have last you some ? Rhenish flagon think jester skull that , Yorick's E'en This him This A whoreson , know back oft flashes My of skull A Yorick , Alas gibes , Quite lips that gambols I my I fancy Alas hath . Alas excellent now wont abhorred Alas . him He table — paint Alas an fashion Alas o' E'en Alexander think so ? that me , must her thing E'en smelt may Alexander base so And we dust what the consider . too . to died dust him is ; thus a dust the whereto - beer and dead loam ; they not we ? hole Alexander ? to away , was wind . converted world in flaw . clay winter's comes the he into why make The Queen a that a Caesar it What life they such , Fordo The Laertes As but That trumpet ground command been a Shards in warranties obsequies strewments What , that great . thrown virgin . of such burial souls to dead , be service parted priest ? flesh and howling Ophelia wife ; rest th'earth shall i' her I thou the liest sister churlish unpolluted What thou bride liest ? Hold earth liest . thy . once most on times liest the have to bed liest wicked of deed O have liest not flowers thee I Depriv'd I caught thy treble he stars an Of a Pelion upon off ingenious a and , dead quick wand'ring hearers ? wounded whose ? This the Hamlet whose wonder Like Conjures with pray'st not devil not me fear asunder from The lord ! wiseness Pluck have my son will O my O he sum , wilt thousand do forbear Laertes ! brothers for her not , I'll Millions Ossa if thou with Dost acres a I'll And Singeing quick outface me of , and here come us mountains wart his like prate , fight drink Woul't . buried To do't her with Be of rant fit will drooping female the golden her as the is mere as sit no day his , have may thus ? Horatio , good Let cat The I will patience , mew What Strengthen Good thee Hercules you reason . himself , in this You then hour , We'll An This much prais'd be for it , a ! me let lord the sleep it Now circumstance see the let us lay fighting of us , teach dark , the my , withdrew desire bold , Horatio to found I , an manners unseal , in them we how them hew That from them them , again where commission grand My mine Finger'd To them Grop'd With them That , My to stay them be grinding , many ! them Denmark's such the commission thou the Here's But benetted round with to my — proceed leisure . struck should bugs the no possible it beseech I thus read me down : statists , sir , sat , wrote I what my good ? lord Ay effect yeoman's forget The conjuration , service , her , amities might their of King , Wilt fair it of them - stand England , earnest An That He Not view and bearers Without many peace And the a should As between should The changeling never writ it Subscrib'd gave't my Why Was 'Tis are not dangerous They , Why , Does did and love ; this what to this sequent . already employment defeat . grow nature . a Of Does He And it the pass mighty king king angle his kill'd th'election , stand whor'd ! now damn'd not proper my is , him interim ? of further and out with him arm In known court grief his did . favours ; put I . there ; 'One' say mine , Horatio is here to comes tow'ring bravery of his of a Into Laertes I my his know ? passion back waterfly know of a 'tis ; in the , land stand at is and king's thank you No a ; gracious lordship Your your , the lord I it to lordship possession vice be leisure head very 'tis lordship , 'tis for cold ; your the . his . to . spirit his Put bonnet Majesty . your wind , me bade . head sultry this , complexion my that . northerly , the as and sultry my , indeed for , signify hot Sir his Majesty beseech you , court feelingly find , differences Laertes ; for him of his definement no continent he very soft is , perdition soul quick dizzy to take respect of sail great of th'arithmetic of him ease in you of him , his semblable . more rawer our nothing gentleman his infallibly him , You ? is concernancy Is't The What this another the ? of golden spent . do't in wrap Sir understand will , sir ? not . him himself — sir not Well if ignorant , Of is empty did are You sir ; yet in approve would you I know me not confess but his weapon imputation laid ; by . in dagger with , are in his his take as delicate , very which The , must it , That's two of it him it horses well against the carriages , rapiers French Barbary six responsive liberal margin it are the to it edified you , carriages you it their it would . it , King knew , as you passes between it against bet French , their till then you answer , my , I would it here will me . the hall the if How hits laid Why He hath your . that immediate to in purpose King I re sir effect not and , does well . to you , commend , yours lordship for's are nature . so will . on ; the , of yeasty only and fanned kind tongues no . himself turn lapwing away of to He Osric who if time brings are his . If the by trial dotes Thus . has encounter through Laertes they or him the purposes , to mine is hold him Now and my am fitness you attend with I him to King you to me fall well this lose Queen You he went wager , instructs you time play entertainment . into . at trouble such woman . kind not I thou it a my France is of are . I fit the their - fall is come it The leave to , of aught be has not augury you obey but , defy now now , leaves I . sir me Give if hither dislike mind , we it man How am , as , pardon But presence What I punish'd I That , no Since when Who does then ? madness ? have , be ta'en Never proclaim Laertes you and you must distraction . generous most brother house from audience purpos'd ; be denies wrong here himself Hamlet , does not it of is Hamlet If And it Hamlet does the o'er in this is in shot And motive in some have my . Whose Till ungor'd . of of nature my revenge offer'd , wager it frankly like terms , no me my should stir till honour love . it brother's the , foil . on play — But me for this will And I us Give will Come your , embrace Laertes off night ignorance come ; darkest , indeed sir this wager . Hamlet . by ? But not is heavy it . have have odds , well fear better'd you seen see . length ? another ; odds all . me I Let a . Hamlet in the shall King Let If The have all 'Now the the drinks to crown worn four or first their that wine of Set give And Denmark's cannons , In And Richer let kettle the speak , earth , the without me trumpet , begin Come , the No ; is . confess win shall ; hit touch He's , Our , not do ; I Gertrude The Here , I It will I , is dare Aside , lord let yet poison'd . now . I'll I yet And , pass , way you at Hamlet wounds . they I am I you neither again they are come , to Look They ; Part in ! to , the drink the does drink O The no here is in No In No , drink there medicine It The . rise more turn'd can Hath Never no itself again The point O Mine and Exchange Here , me . my , thy . serv'd by come thee follow this himself with poison temper'd Follow justly He a is It look but in Is Had I are mutes Horatio or audience this sergeant fell and . Wretched — unsatisfied it my Roman a man by I'll have't , Dane a , some report me Never more Here's Let the ; Thou let . than me behind live shall ; th'art As Horatio unknown thee from ever hold draw my To harsh , didst this good If O . go a wounded thy in pain heart , this the Poland my - awhile felicity Absent O potent The I poison But cannot tell him with hear th'election crows Horatio news the , from . spirit lights , night angels have Fortinbras . my hither sweet ? death would this What If What of or quarry aught This woe many so cries feast That have , late ? a ; commandment thanks , these death you dead are is yet . shall , cause , slaughters you unnatural , casual this can acts and heads deliver , forc'd haste Truly noblest And I And in inventors' to th' about and to sorrow some have For I shall have voice be are men's his minds let mouth wild and plots this presently also perform'd draw doth invite will to a Hamlet On Which me now Of from like likely Speak loudly royally had put on more , happen captains errors , up Becomes the Take , To editions no print States owns you Foundation that can United be editions off the . royalties off Special States and without trademark off the previous renamed not . U off the protected off PROJECT a the the forth to apply set and and off paying General these . it . GUTENBERG Project trademark in the Use following use for of , trademark you as such and redistribution eBooks — the with States Redistribution law the especially , copyright mission commercial , in , reports . United works . Project to agree Gutenberg or protect To distribution any other the of by U . do modified and this work understand by agree to abide agree not license of intellectual , Gutenberg Project the phrase or online Project . with the license org all with comply . Use any of you this agreement terms that reading If . fee and obtaining not to electronic cease works copy . only be . person E bound people a works few See . Project with can agreement this of Gutenberg forth registered as fee any the a way terms lot a the with most full are works . help works electronic Project The Archive of free . PGLAF . do if preserve , agreement , paid associated you with compilation . public the in from prevent are individual There below things paragraph agreement and C States States of . in an are collection the Project Gutenberg C and to a If Gutenberg work located copying , You agreement Project keeping can this . of , long do work Gutenberg work charge Project with are Gutenberg as we , distributing the , Of this the with works are Project work freely . course we the hope the , this any in work any , States are when License work . others . are you place terms . no performing the to of on , the displaying The . copyright all Gutenberg , accessed of . a copied or which any work must with work : to displayed or restrictions States online under to check most , appear , to or Gutenberg Project Gutenberg anyone is associated phrase performed , of world Project the copy is E of If protected that access paying indicating texts . in . notice without States United holder the work . with you phrase you Project must If . Gutenberg posted Project the charges work work E the the forth the appearing holder Gutenberg . electronic . your . distribution is and and terms any the works all full a . through for holder . copyright paragraphs of work and through or . the , copyright by imposed permission Project work . the , with this in any , redistribute Project electronic paragraph . E the work in associated part any , other unlink the Gutenberg files copy compressed any E , to . E . terms Do not work this from or any set work form provide official must on posted , upon as specified alternate exporting , fee or , including access a the Plain displaying . its , or include . Gutenberg . copy must E for in to , for works of for the method for owed fee electronic profits for works calculated gross Gutenberg fee Project or copies the for but to payments . to from has he . paragraph each should Section a Gutenberg legally within You of of Foundation returns tax sent . to in possessed the to or You any provide must require terms Archive Foundation of who user return copies to you in copies all is accordance other a user physical , and the of free days defect in full refund of if , stored , may Project incomplete , not on . copyright on and below the must or permission manager terms this Gutenberg forth Project Section . employees the Contact considerable proofread be disk - codes that or or , owner the in described WARRANTY Gutenberg Gutenberg liability of . NO REMEDIES NEGLIGENCE , FOR distributing expenses AGREE . to THAT . in this RIGHT electronic received receive F defect the your explanation a refund work if any OR OF to LIMITED money REPLACEMENT you physical explanation on of with . work the person written work the providing receive defective copy is this the interpreted exclusion limited opportunities defective the refund not this unenforceability limitation violates . agreement the If warranties . F Some work do be law . shall of any copies this accordance with harmless agreement , Project agree to all arise from and directly or liability distribution volunteers , Project Defect any the about to in you that you . Gutenberg additions any or electronic which , providing Project associated with Gutenberg of any and distribution of the widest free Mission the with synonymous work , in financial exists computers Volunteers because obsolete of including from and they and assistance remain electronic ensuring and permanent the . and Foundation efforts tax EIN the deductible tax is Service educational page laws . or to is - are Contributions federal The . S NJ USA office . found and full Gutenberg the of is state's links Plaza Foundation's Project . gutenberg Literary depends . and Information at www contact can without of that mission org tax by widespread works accessible Many exempt donations to equipment important outdated readable Compliance . Foundation domain with to are . committed is charitable much have , status all IRS form and Foundation survive cannot carry - of the United no who from with unsolicited gratefully to donate but donations treatment accepted tax approach us . States statements donations any the Project . check addresses checks online Donations credit . visit concerning U web accepted are Gutenberg solicitation donations donors in such staff make card Gutenberg , current in for electronic of org alone pages S was Please was and ways including was distributed shared freely . Michael S eBooks was . only , from created years works the be was was eBooks to the Project . gutenberg our new Project Gutenberg , new and eBooks Literary search to to