Who's Stand , me Stand ? answer Stand thee . Stand Stand now Stand struck For come He Stand Stand . and night , my watch meet Stand , this to ground Horatio liegemen Dane . hath - reliev'd night the night . night , him . this , minutes the have I again sight belief apparition speak appear awhile . it , Look like , the In Thou art ; to it King . speak offended heaven majesty Horatio wonder . of Denmark I of usurp'st that ? Together the charge charge . answer and pale look not ! believe ! on : thyself the strange when on an sledded Norway combated the , dead . not watch I my to of and strict and most the brazen of subject , down why Doth Was make might not foreign mart of joint day sweaty with us of , last , to ; our known our Fortinbras by know on ; in a , this forfeit Did side Well this the of combat so I ; emulate to , Norway pride world law by you as , to For Did Which he Against gaged he fell Hath Shark'd up diet to which some no and by a of the had which Fortinbras as the inheritance article design'd head . land the so e'en portentous wars . Rome , eye Julius state question other but so figure still on fates ! again , blood star empire Neptune's ; of gibber and our behold though good thing and me to ease art thou Shall at ! 'Tis not stand ! being so majestical of , gone . cock violence , heard guilty a mockery , malicious , I the , crew to the morn throat , the of made that is night , season celebrated cock , long planets all stir , abroad of , nor so is hath the . it charm comes , no then gracious witch part russet mantle , tonight my hill . clad , by yon what young you spirit us we Break Do This But Let's As Unto our watch Hamlet to we do't needful shall pray our consent , I find conveniently , him with woe ; in marriage , worth brother's Fortinbras , meeting of law him of lands for , death frame , message . here : bonds time we writ suppress scarcely , that rid have the dispatch levies , proportions : Cornelius his full are here , than and : wouldst heartily . duty commend your CORNELIUS all and that Farewell doubt now lose head The Your From thoughts bow now to confess leave again What from leave your gracious in ? in and France pardon in ? me at consent in go . in , in done in Polonius in says petition seal'd him , kin than the am , lord Good eye not Do , Hamlet , Not so like with thy that to , be all a I the vailed colour on , lids . thee with ; forc'd , I know cloak visage seems , solemn , good , seem ; woe the moods of show ; bound ; Hamlet , nature your mourning and sweet must duties these give Take fault To a unfortified should we the ? vulgar be 'Tis mind to unmanly will our , dead most the Fie As to we in thing to to opposition a reason of the of You Than are that I impart toward in our bend to you , cousin and cheer the in chiefest thy not pray Let And Do As thee stay Be Sits And Re this that , Thaw and resolve too solid . flesh itself Everlasting slaughter - the , weary How stale too to , would a not O uses ! it things rank of , had Or me seed it Possess But So Hyperion months grows That O His canon ! Fie 'gainst on't to nay , king a to two dead should to Heaven she or all A me what Must That to Visit it not little which By Let think on't month she A yet the such not , is , heart I to or , am Horatio am you . faith My Marcellus good , in , to A truant see not would shall you it do truster my ear that no depart ? Elsinore your see fellow The foe tables upon forth furnish I Would Indeed hard funeral follow'd ! Horatio it was lord to . meats . heaven in , my . Horatio the , My lord The lord I I I I I I I I the at Appears them them before With their slow love marvel the waste encounter'd Armed By and oppress'd with surprised - and stately point exactly and by speak secrecy had the third jelly dreadful , both your like was not I this platform thing Stand Where , with The But where , where knew made to methought . speak ? it ? did crew . sight our from vanish'd sound the And But Itself Indeed , you , top to foot face frowningly or O yes A more And his eyes Most would have much had like MARCELLUS and , Longer His Perchance as , was 'twill watch . should itself father's it tonight person I you gape , life , ye , were will come the play foul still arms : spirit Your loves My doubt Though all earth sit some then And , is , are necessaries sister convoy My Hamlet But Do For it in perfume No , minute ? no grow now waxes , you it . to particular so if far wisdom saying voice deed Denmark goes may yielding and health Then your you , importunity it fear chariest The of Out If spring or of or or youth or in imminent most dew or else lies safety though or or my , or ; treads rede . not father here . fear reckless way dalliance me his second Aboard , double . smiles , precepts wind in for precepts here The precepts are thou Look precepts precepts Those them familiar , precepts new entrance each But Grapple Of precepts Be Nor precepts Take each every Give Of thy man that man's Are This it above all canst And must my : not , Farewell What humbly invites time do I Ophelia and my , to the Farewell , shall in You that you you you you you hath What As it you between And it you If his lord you affection of me up the honour speak to late speak ? speak speak speak love speak a fool poor speak tender honourable may call speak , know I the soul , heaven my how burns the all it me lord do daughter both - in , prodigal maiden From ; time , bawds unholy of for This , leisure moment is this come ; ways your Lord ; with any beguile ; plain so words you ; in give , Breathing not shall ; you from time forth . eager twelve it is it bites hour lacks and now . It , wont then lord to struck is draws near walk , native is a here the and observance west other indeed it perform'd our of in marrow , though of height , attribute them guilty swinish nations with of phrase takes and , of much one , as , grace defect of dram undergo of stamp they as his As the ; that these — of The censure or be general may as pure of of comes it of of grace of wicked speak thou a thy to will Be of thee from airs in of in bones cerements thee quietly why hearsed of the but ; ignorance I'll a , thee tell , this jaws , action ground . with it more courteous it I means go lord cliff the into ? sovereignty toys Think of , motive And hears more it many It I'll . the to still . lord . him . come ? to will this . direct lead thou Whither wilt I . go further . shalt . hear hearing night bound am I ? thou revenge , when to thy for for Are Till Would and two Like But If of But Revenge his foul Murder Murder and wings ; Hamlet , Denmark noble thy his forged me out Wouldst , With The , those Upon a to , whose court , sate Will , soft let me ! Though , But in in in in To in in My secure my custom in With in The Thus life , sleeping a bark'd tetter with blossoms : account ; my queen , by crown All of even in the of thee and act , of pursu'st But Let not for luxury thou howsoever of in , of nor , leave her , of at of thee Fare . of worm sting shows pale his of her matin fire be well uneffectual the thy couch Against Taint not mother her to , Remember aught thorns adieu adieu , and , prick , In this couple , O , shall And , I But , me sinews ghost distracted away wipe I'll , saws And thy commandment all forms , Yea of All My one am smile I is 'Adieu , uncle , O . Within , is't How , ho ho , What No I , lord . by lord my heart you'll HORATIO , heaven secret . MARCELLUS and villain he's ghost I every man fit , so it your it You These Such as ; Look is — for go and my words , you For whirling Yes And by much offence ghost as is , O'ermaster't As Never faith lord but swear't , I , my Upon Nor my , faith not I . Swear . ground is this stranger as a your I never , but more Canst ! Once ! and pioner , Well A are And heaven So heaven That As 'If , willing a Nay a , I is do And a With a , rest all my a love shall a a , let's notes lord wisely , to a his him marvellous visit money will and Give behaviour make , said in what at what , encompassment know particular my demands son do company 'I him' , very — well but ' mean ; you , my mark you , marry , and known of that usual far so go may . drinking or My , Faith , 'twere a slight a it these thing Your As 'Good And , What in and to he sir about something — Where . marry , 'gentleman . did leave you ; now , of house : consequence' , say former find with and of reach , not . have have have have well have music lord have have his . ply my have And him Well my Farewell , lord what With as , Hamlet lord My Lord , hat upon his so piteous purport ankle unbrac'd my been I the in No as his doublet stockings his foul'd out knocking in of truly he length other the such with goes Then He took At And seem'd with being sigh to , he up so did his to to me very to under am , as . I passion property fordoes of go will ecstasy desperate I bended their their our violent This And That And it beyond seems not quoted him hath and but judgement ! jealousy trifle opinions my did . King our our the in But heed , age to to sort the be inward did you , see and , man should it the thus himself you both him , you please not living will are there talk'd our our receive and such of with within afflicts If . two hath of your so , and awhile good you will , thanks hope , have majesties We ourselves obey up our To be commanded . feet bent you the , Guildenstern at . dread the Put here To to your and gentle visit some . you , to , Pleasant Heavens helpful Ay , I hold , amen father . my my or — Assure as , to else of trail news . good of King to long th'ambassadors he found . distemper that son's the but shall Well my what of first out which a look'd preparation into so To It Receives Fortinbras falsely against be return nephew's His our But better his Makes vow ; rebuke old three thousand Norway of , in with never fine , in uncle your those , read we'll well your night home ended , is time mad , be to let matter I use true less with no : I then . A true 'tis of figure foolish for , it us it have Who me in daughter this an ill Hath a , phrase , Now whilst and , idol phrase shall . liar move doth be to awhile thou , that Doubt Doubt Doubt stay But am , that But I love most fell All how As of do think faithful . seen what might tell you , here , or desk mute , table what . think wing that and me , me me me , me think , it me told me Majesty play'd heart me upon my think young my And What might Hamlet ' is a should prince from out herself receive watch , took messengers , then short — thence my advice , weakness wail wherein now for 'tis , lightness a to Thence That It be Do At you such the and I behind he reason indeed . his assistant for daughter arras love loose If You encounter an thereon , reading ? Hamlet . to is , dog ? in maggots true dead is , a to't . Yet not as but my , Conception Aside I I . fishmonger . daughter . far love , you ? they satirical the . For their hams yet I . All not , it which slave are gum ; plum Slanders What matter I — set powerfully men have thick wit of plentiful a , sir though most a lord my there yet backward as old be walk that contrive I will of means from not lord A so prosperously that out is ! the honourable sir take life often be delivered humbly between of most my fools . old to God save . To My honoured ! the These Lord most children of earth ; happy her shoe . my lord ? soles her waist , privates secret the Then , she sends my goodly then , thinking none then hold I Which dreams God Why , your be space could Truly , ambition itself of but , court ? you GUILDENSTERN rest my dreadfully at occasion I . no halfpenny am the th' my lord too are , and ROSENCRANTZ speak that dear friends I poor inclining own thanks even ? Is , we to which You say , your were . the better me more no by direct for and or even an . of . say . you the by , you conjure our of consonancy If anticipation my Queen lost all moult sent for love ? you my to me prevent no ; so shall and , the to and in in angel dust though then said in say my , was , lord , world in . faculties by no smiling if from they shall use , shall man whose shall make freely are to What or to in to are , to mind her say those to lady and to Even to the the were sigh clown I they they estimation by ? travel they it their chances think Do they of their How little eyases — children keeps goose no they ? How sing players writers while in the cuffs of it of King Hercules Denmark little , give , is in my my , Elsinore and fashion to the players Your . natural if could hands , comply I me . gentlemen at out to come ; they . players . his for of yet to comes he , sir tell too not , to tell Roscius 'twas the morning When you lord . was . you my historical pastoral nor the only too light comedy , poem , individable . history historical - or for ! hadst lord and well ? Jephthah . not my then Why by As Nay , row first The are thee last ! me by have me be e'en . Come me me if me I I , speech me to't not is me God . What me heaven than the passionate like , We'll gold . quality speech once , Come above , a thee heard not me once general the cried were an fine and One that as thereabout it , speech indite lines the with down set honest me see If live he your in — he : see of it he he trick'd , he he he he with with hellish with falls antique match'd with , fell with of in Then senseless with with , blow . this with milky with on For the i' , stick , stood Pyrrhus will storm , Ilium top crash sword , a , matter and hideous nothing his to some orb - a new forg'd nothing than nothing On Doth Out , And rend nothing winds in hush the The nothing nothing , general out thou strumpet nothing falls , him Cyclops' nothing for Priam Fortune Pyrrhus' the , take fellies All gods , bleeding away down and on the the long . beard your too Hecuba . he tale a the a barber's , Say with of or jig ? clout and loins robe — up , steep'd limbs sport her venom all treason tongue husband's did . then . gods the move clamour that not sword his of burst them in no his , more the out have and a better while the were them report for . will I'll you see used , well where well they are players the ; After less Follow thou him they , night , sixteen or well Very To . lord . not could . you ! I am I . wan'd here am . Now all , all all all conceit And Hecuba all her the cue What ? all in's his distraction whole function all ! all , free indeed , peak I , for of life a unpregnant , and dull - a say dreams , and my in most property I . a breaks , and , should oppression 'Swounds ! deep vengeance vengeance Ha vengeance vengeance I , That vengeance vengeance vengeance vengeance About like A guilty creatures brain ! Fie upon't ! at soul their have . no malefactions these , play , seen hath yea have and have blench ; players have murder . The the , power his , and damn And Get Wherein More With does He what we do Nor by all puts can of lunacy himself by you Did , be no feels he confess and turbulent him a When But But We o'er Madam To hear raught They play most to think And With And it , night we Her so gather th'affliction thus you obey beauties so , virtues do happy hope honours . for , wish I . the be I wonted , this , art , visage : that plastering , withdraw ! thing the to ugly my I hear not or sleep to of say thousand to To ? against - be , to . heir : To what so , man's scorns the and unworthy takes , spurns the , of calamity us have sleep to would under Who might his quietus law's and long proud delay contumely , have of not ills of resolution all we the those know , moment and cowards of my Good you ; well awry you remember'd a - them well thy in receive I My I Rich gifts wax when when again ; when . when There , ha ! Are when the to for when lord givers unkind honest when ? you when lordship have . the translate transform when honesty once the , beauty force love . my , I was bawd a me believe our old you loved . things very , time have to ? us . between beck I my me give them at to ways to to fool to but nowhere to may he heavens . to the . to . marry to . to of make wilt you marry quickly what restore , amble you and , You , snow farewell go and , another hath are they as married To me here is mind , scholar's rose of , of soldier's Th'expectancy , live , O , I'll noble a what , observers honey noble his sovereign tune feature of in form a his , soul tend I , see . what it sits hatch with neglected countries and variable With fashion his do shall origin neglected need love and tell us lord , after do Lord Hamlet , now grief believe entreat be with alone , you , in commencement find she not commencement him . him commencement where commencement commencement commencement commencement commencement it , trippingly I had air , the passion me do in to the you a groundlings fellow such capable of . you whipped pated - the split periwig . Nor do lines , my may , avoid Herod Herods out - a I word not playing to word the purpose , form , of praise that accent hold bellowed nor to but this Now laugh which hold unskilful the and to o'erstep neither , hold Be Suit the hold the feature make censure others have made so hold , is that hold you the in players not made abominably hold strutted the . own was hold and show of virtue the heard nor of it too to , be in hear now work . that of ? lord piece King the it , you of my , haste . them ? a man . dear as ; flatter , spirits thee be flatter'd knee pomp absurd should . tongue pregnant fawning hinges of her choice hast thou For . distinguish men one , seal'd Hath And clothe That feed no , may I hope from good poor election her , judgement a , Something too my Fortune's well I Give . in slave and before , comes act a - death soul , heart this my of that see'st speech as ; seen him have stithy And damned Vulcan's after censure eyes . imaginations Give his thy father's . Ophelia must pay the . and , a you cousin How Get Guildenstern others chameleon's you : this answer crammed - faith , Excellent now Polonius you actor good . a Brutus . killed a you Capitol accounted Be ? lord , your my head upon lie my the lie , Do lie lie lie lie country ? maids' lie ? lie my meant you That's lord ? Ay , 'tis only you I lord two ? be but do man my You ; outlive months two churches his whose wear maker , two - hobby - of neck her show very , it asleep upon pours poison leaves or seems dead is and . they'll ; counsel show it not mark means . play . to you you you you you ring you round you you of a my , woman's borrow'd sheen , must know so ; late though hath in made you is , distrust quantity extremity . state lord and , is the , is my great is aught fear women's doubts great littlest , love , world to behind kind as — one , belov'd For husband needs let treason O must the . Aside The base Are A second you think do but birth the , unripe when 'tis what but poor , sticks mellow we is forget purpose or . propose debt , change 'tis nor or of . light , dead is husband , trust run and my of scope me , from lock desperation opposite what anchor's cheer have should I and , me would beguile dull Sleep deeply Ophelia Both Meet Each , I pursue , tedious day between , much too you how , methinks she'll Madam O , like protests , no in't , offence i' , lady you they , Mousetrap , poison in ? there the ? keep do how Gonzago ? but heard jest no . Vienna . knavish souls are of the play jest 'tis ; anon , murder The do done a , my I you are see the puppets . my . leave thy . revenge for , and collected , time . murderer raven croaking , and , drugs fit midnight else of blasted and usurp His , You Gonzago . shall . wife . rises false fire . Away . lights deer go , Lights , this For shoes Would strucken sir strucken with , me strucken strucken Of strucken strucken strucken himself , might have word a strucken . thousand rhymed . for pound my Very Come ! if the he not Come . him . lord For , then Upon did ha Why sir , what of him ? history . choler with would to perhaps this plunge to and , I some into far more of . not so . your . and not is a this Sir , the If mother's end of it I return answer business be is ere her heels to : the shall your command My wit's , no thus son lord times ten with , my Good I My if Sir obey We so lord be that while the , too — proverb of voice grows one of me you the grass me wind the be that lord , Will would my love play you , see not is me too you if and your will are ventages mouth it . of , music , eloquent cannot you you compass yet ; cannot and to unworthy know speak bless you Call pipe ? cannot . instrument think in the out ! pluck You top this would . you that's yonder cloud is , My you the By mass Methinks Or 'tis like like is It Very I to a By a bent . a a very , bitter on a Now as , my drink hell could Soft I a time by fool — will — I a by . night . easily will said is yawn the witching to day hot : none but firm use . safe dispatch prepare consent us you with . provide To keep peculiar feed and 'noyance ; weal The cease depend a It a wheel , things , consequence when Never general alone . this GUILDENSTERN . fear - speedy footed closet home said wisely more that vantage of speech upon Since you them go I you tell dear lord my you . arras warrant to hear 'Tis And , where I intent : rank ! sharp . white confront is My Of That My crown my serve pardon'd what's to in rain it wash Is be But being . turn be for Forgive down forestalled cannot effects past ? am and murder murder possess'd the ! the compell'd faults the ? of then . can What one the , and the the new black the we our ourselves the and , the 'tis so action lies the , babe . praying is he goes would , for that same and he That this , who And the purging in and and , sword To With heaven I 'Tis When Then When he heavy in our circumstance stands blown , knows course I of then passage his rage act , stays . go heaven thoughts advances , between . me him , mother . e'en bear too screen'd with Fear him me coming . not . offended . tongue . offended much much an idle You brother's , so Have , go , Why What's , how you rood can that , down set you those set it would Come As A a To Polonius a a . took thee your a too Thou find'st a , I wringing let a a If damned custom proof have it done that , so rude it penetrable of not and thou dar'st me bulwark virtue From sets a A With so The here See Hyperion's A eye curls like a Look of this : two presentment , a of form - herald Mercury , indeed of and kissing , the heaven a on lighted Where Blasting To your . for , it's , at leave a now ear to Have like what feed have Ha have eyes age , blush , charge but but but but but tithe but but , kings rule of part but the empire empire empire empire empire me would he's and with o'er empire mad . empire your , guards Alas , you me and your son to of thy blunted works . discourse hold do air your sleeping And That with your how with , her it bend your spirits like soldiers , stand an flame cool him him and on form Lest effects Would Do at Nothing all you whom Nor , Why look he , you My Look is This This very coinage out habit very brain in , test , grace , madness madness . not . to ; within heaven on compost avoid Confess corruption skin Whilst Infects , the ranker Forgive virtue my the is my ulcerous to me fatness . what mining film , that unseen will not Lay gambol from trespass flattering Mother matter That the I And your not them For what's do make and thou the cleft part hast of my with go , a monster . To Hamlet live habits Of , curb of must for Yea Good night Assume That to He aptly that next abstinence devil Once are For same hath . you beg blessing repent me ; when And do To I I bad One word , him him punish , only So worse that you I of reechy you his kisses , mouse , in madness , his all am good , queen hide fair , of despite a dear in the the in like the house's sense ? Who and , life , if assur'd of own words I thou What I your fly try birds the conclusions break 'Tis , Alack will For his own the me 'tis knavery to petard Hoist Whom letters delve one . Let 't and , as I it my hard with , knave sighs . you . heaves . These understand son what How , In something . cries brainish unseen in rapier , stir ' tonight . good , the wind The had We have To will how His Even Alas liberty you , It To But on keep Among whom his away ! aid : Guildenstern him . the bring in dragg'd deed and slain further , Ho hath closet . know both so world's miss , and blank call what pray we'll poison'd the level as the done , up untimely , what's Whose hit soul Transports As his have 'tis dust with , noise What you that , whereto may chapel Believe — Ay them like last sir . Take sponge authorities am glad of King us and dry again ear us sleeps a is the where A understand you not have . be lord the speech in with with the not all the distracted judgement put it law on the , multitude th'offender's the of their bear him appliance not desperate sending . sudden Deliberate Or now ? my lord ? befall'n from him . know , us . guarded ? pleasure maggots dishes for diet convocation of for two . ourselves only go may king ? king there him the find . into not especial for we deed tender done , quickness is ready Th'associates Hamlet that To , this we thou hast , as thine dearly — must prepare , come . one , Hamlet ; Come wife is . wife and man for tonight aboard ; haste make and him have thou ; foot great yet my th'affair everything you done at thee and red thy may sword Danish process , us letters , my haps me in that conveyance by me his know would You a of the . our And If Craves Captain from license with , us . whose of of them some sir it Goes Two , debate the Polack should yield it no five it , then the it is and souls thousand of it never will no and this ducats garrison'd question much of wealth thousand ! sir you thank humbly my , a against me a is beast A with such gave Now craven whether thing's strength and means me exhort will — hath . godlike after us That Of A thought ever I cause this Examples and earth I say gross this the fortune for that an not eggshell , what Exposing greatly But all Makes Led Is Whose army a spirit To Even the reason , kill'd . How death of and fight a plot my for men fame , see I , the and nothing . her speak distract speak . speak speak with pitied move speak , is doth aim speak they at gestures and might nods , of speak Her things and beats heart , speak is , guilt amiss some is be spilt . staff hat one true How , Say sweet And By lady sandal his Alas He you He dead heels but grass a gone , Pray as Nay — Ophelia mark flowers did not go table Lord . God they what ask , was owl Never oath By men Alack Gis and and , by fie if before tumbled me ! make , Ophelia Charity for Saint shame ; shall brother cannot . cold night . counsel ground But thus been she must yonder sun . my to not come good patient well I ; the her All When good , Of Next Divided the is and , Last Her Without In Thick his and own Polonius' which as death herself hugger we much in , buzzers of of O . nothing necessity , my , in ? this is . the guard them Switzers of overpeering impetuous ? his more now a word king , to call in world offices Antiquity Laertes Save Eats the The cry 'Choose hands and be false broke are is Where this doors , No pray will we , will O vile thou me harlot ; chaste calm , proclaims ? like - fear — person unsmirched brands cause looks so . Do not what — peep doth Let man , father . is fill Tell will — Speak my Dead not his I'll him by ! dead Vows , I father husband far my for Good shall go , desire They My not Who shall I'll And Laertes with them certainty writ ? loser death will Winner Will his , Burn Till O Should heavens , as in him nonny bore They on well you Fare thy , thus steward daughter . that - stole nothing's It you the matter There's for , This remembrance , wheel and false him move not ! that's there document is ; remember and you you he ? he ? again again is come not death - dead not bed as He And is No And Christian of Do you I must deny of shall find To you Let so patience lend shall , ostentation bones , earth — burial formal must nor hatchment his of , means I pray That noble His trophy No And heard be where What Sailors I should greeted not know from if . thee I , comes days means Reads of I boarded them . let became they But alone let of thieves let of me clear let good repair light let let of let Rosencrantz bore thine with mercy Let . I let so . as much matter the haste thee their knowest will him To of am thou turn like to for in them He have , do't give that thine . fellows course : me , ear , unsinew'd . Queen myself much which The either and in . her moves count not other go his bear affection him motive their wood my wind arrows stone that so in faults general might to them aim'd for my again , a ; bow , life not reverted not And your That That For Whose And are made that revenge all go desperate into driven , challenger sleeps our . You and must will may mount But of , will news imagine hear danger to , to This ; by brought were They Sailors , Majesty Who shall . shall Tomorrow . shall 'High shall shall shall shall shall shall As shall warms live 'Thus ? Laertes ' . How in sickness tell , But . advise , It am lost the so ; peace me ? return'd . now he , I my but breathe the ; youth , less no of cap youth it that for in riband unworthiest settled light very needful and unworthiest his a was health age unworthiest and , well unworthiest careless of against unworthiest horseback serv'd . He grew unto his horse unworthiest brought So beast had such unworthiest in't on gentleman . and his weeds unworthiest wears , natur'd seat the , months Two , since - my this topp'd tricks thought , demi doing incorps'd he brooch indeed , nor , of sight such confession , Lamord well of a in exercise of all For And gave and neither could swore had And That you coming to , motion — 'twould 'twould eye 'twould . him 'twould 'twould , and with play but with his envy report 'twould , envenom , 'twould this of nothing of , Laertes that I love ? time , flame very and not did know I that And Not you love , passages love it proof it changes , still abate will like the at a 'would' accidents are this , hands and are is delays to would undertake : you o' th'ulcer Laertes chamber ; home your within close praise on fame , sanctuarize , practice together , my , rare in I . touch have so do't dip no all blood save the I'll from Collected what fit It further that And If make did to drift a in or Soft both . on are both , dry both both fail both performance see both both both . heel Queen there . glassy she make did garlands , nettles , Drown'd ! willow the aslant ? in daisies , and fantastic follow There That crow There his with hoary But Unto Till Or one native own of they an boughs dead give shepherds maids , weedy . awhile of chaunted incapable she mermaid Pull'd that poor To she forbid Alas of therefore hast drown'd , thou tears , I will it be of a But that do will do this let's do do do give to calm . do grave her it make ? do do Christian burial Christian do her own defence . argal , good he him an and , offendendo must but Here . I se to you water that himself . lies not , man leave go this — this this marry , this drowns this should this countenance truth have thou this Come this say'st And to my , and this makers none makers There hold no themselves makers pity more the makers or hang makers understand makers shipwright makers makers the stronger The like well It wit - that the gallows ? Who builds is does well do built well than that the . a than tell Marry Ay , more no ; In youth when contract , Yaughan The maker' To pace thy with - Has 'Tis little with me in his had As a had to skull it murder his might This his And never into his his been , his , which his that . such once his . land his it if , be could and , could might This e'en a ? courtier - might lord would one that It my meant to an we the to . but dost not . a of a and a such clay for sheet think more spade made of tenures about sconce Where be , him great of fines fine and , skull his him now cases , of his fine of breadth his fellow statutes recoveries him and no have full will full full full my , full They full full sheep to full and this guest meet to of on't out it be not , and quick and in't What sir it sir ? 't thou be sir , thou none woman dead . equivocation or peasant comes taken thou hast long ? kibe to't came that . since th' all near it the of the grown days tell he was why he can great ? can he marry , can 'Twill can can can can came can Very . and boy rot i' lie man hold the laying will — than another his trade a tann'd water this and skull three Why hide A rotten be he if nowadays that year or scarce will , sir his . a - now while body ! Let borne it his Takes ! Where at thousand gorge how ! not is a fellow ! now oft rises merriment mock your be ! to chamber and own her , an - table your ! her paint lord , my that , lady's favour E'en base uses consider . But jot returneth too till return we To it of stop patch a earth O Should that wall ! to ; into whereto - the earth might . follow c , they betoken hand . mark ? the winter's comes Trains desperate some and 'Twas doth flaw in King . world the aside Mourners is life have As , flints last She more service be burial the unsanctified pebbles allowed and and her should For ground , bell more be the requiem Lay to spring Scattering flowers . bride O , treble treble to times deed . Hold to off thy grave to . Hamlet's . the have to to Ophelia sweet shouldst - to to that head to ingenious the wicked ten to your dust caught on to woe thy , sorrow them I stand soul ! from pray'st with prithee I . him Thou take Yet Which them something me have wiseness I though For thy fear Pluck Hamlet with will Ophelia lov'd my , no , him what of Until . mad is wilt their O , thyself . thou'lt throw ? I are will mere a with with thou leaping in a , as I'll Ossa Make And you sit the is pate of Singeing like acres of mountains , his awhile patient as thou . dove disclos'd drooping : thus may ; see the see the circumstance , there . bilboes — me in it for that divinity do pall - a Rough our to out gown Up from , packet again forgetting , room own their I Their Larded fears That ho Oh Importing royal knavery where of the commission Being Or thus make benetted a , write that to A How It The me Ay conjuration good , my service learning yeoman's hold to did An love As As And such their 'tween comma like and bearers had was my Was gave't and already what never up the father's model writ in the th'impression my of of ; even of , of of Folded the changeling sea Which of of of our Thou know'st , man They Of , Between 'Tis Does by the incensed , mother conscience ? not my my life damn'd England there . see I Horatio I cause court I his my to I myself ; say me I I passion I'll of his I of tow'ring Denmark I waterfly ? say his , and . this 'tis a were lordship from his Majesty spirit 'tis of . hot , wind . is . the 'tis lord the , hot my , sultry bade very 'tis indifferent 'twere as is me — to , good absolute — gentleman . faith and card or calendar an society me very of , differences feelingly find , neither I and yaw , extolment , in rareness him to respect his such is Is't is purse the ; would you His empty not are did his he's but his What's Rapier of in confess sir meed in weapon man I and weapons . well six and so to . But , Barbary horses dagger ? rapiers French six . you ere ? conceit of of , most carriages poniards against and the of , of of the are of hangers had of of . And him of the you it swords against the swords , swords bet you matter swords their assigns call between swords ? of swords and swords , the foils If . the , in with will deliver my I the it please Let flourish your will sir of hold , and , will I I , but his I my To He well runs know suck'd the he encounter through habit I dug bevy time that lapwing before . out them their and drossy commended his ; of of did same the which and his , opinions lord , that Majesty you him or you the follow . as Now or now . are time you The Nay but your but is foolery ; man what now be aught , we , Since Hamlet , There's come There's not There's ; if . fit will There's special There's what There's is't will come There's leaves yet to , There's come it There's and he . sir , take have I . a . needs must . are sore . What nature here Laertes awake your be . proclaim wrong'd Hamlet he's not himself not . Sir of , Free Then Who Hamlet That revenge case some I embrace case this case will case And case case brother's the case ; foils wager come on . ignorance mine darkest . sir You a star off Stick , Hamlet , young see you young both weaker side young length young young all table that upon young good These . wine or young , exchange second . successive me trumpet without the the heavens the drinks , you cannons , lord , bear sir . Hamlet very Here's , palpable . pearl by it bout Give Another this Stay give hit Well . thy this the hit touch ; him play A I'll The I It . dare Come is Aside I not My And yet , Laertes ? a wanton your best of . change , Nay come , come ? come , come . is't come Queen come Osric , come ho Laertes the to How come my to woodcock , as a the am I the swoons drink the the the ! I the drink the be the poison'd my the ! the : life , practice here poison'd King's to point The again Thy the too venom . treason thy He It a Exchange with temper'd serv'd justly noble not . here Dane ! it this at Wretched . or mutes make dead is my Thou let time of Nor free look , but as the believe some yet th'art liquor Here's cup Give Never . Horatio ever , shall my tell world draw felicity in wounded live me a name behind heart breath ? from come conquest is noise warlike in standing O thou from thee harsh unknown Absent To didst . thy story Fortinbras , ambassadors , The . has prophesy do to . He the Good thee night drum come , hither sing angels the a noble heart does Why flights cracks And Which . to , late struck princes thine eternal ? dismal should in dead . in , in , thank in you . in in in , England , bodies in these the to yet about bloody and inventors' , purposes . All this . acts slaughters th' . unnatural shall So you hear , casual forc'd and cunning by deliver to noblest us Truly And I the to cause on perform'd speak lest stage four soldier a had ; and music royally here the but , field the up Take Becomes Go the off bearing , Bear prov'd the editions works not no Foundation royalties law not not not that and not will not concept not so this electronic set permission not can and without States copy ! without rules , license . with printed United for you nearly complying States distributing this the Project trademark phrase work the or license this and . Section . work , all agreement the electronic that any org Redistributing of online at Full Gutenberg with all comply of works have this of If By . a agreement a There work See few do with Project the the Project of . below terms you . agreement agreement electronic Gutenberg electronic . can this by Gutenberg United individual the the access of terms free Gutenberg , are copying . in individual The . Foundation the owns See . or PGLAF works in If to and an or you Project will to name Gutenberg terms the you with with do share laws with this work . If in works copying with on terms of with , with in any with this the no with to with appear or makes outside laws Copyright where most . are countries , also are States this any , displayed the Gutenberg other any , work the - almost United : and the it no under online to re or with . you located . this laws restrictions most check eBook org , copied be any or indicating without with for of E the through posted any . E is . electronic . work with work and . Gutenberg Project S posted is U to a the . holder , the to imposed the . E works all the Project part Gutenberg this the by E . Project Gutenberg . and . or Project copyright individual . beginning unlink not or work terms E License . work displaying the or links active compressed . word You up copies or may . E other . any processing org Vanilla distribute Plain version or , posted E , copy part this this . E . of proprietary or . other at , provide , obtaining a Project unless Do form as fee , you performing copy Gutenberg not ASCII or the . gutenberg of Vanilla . upon copy request other . means of no License comply . You within You you does writing copies provide or accordance of provide You paid in , for a money distribution electronic . all License use the require agree must You comply You E terms forth Project in this work Gutenberg terms Gutenberg Project forth terms agreement trademark terms electronic the from to terms works protected identify not Gutenberg , such terms the terms effort intellectual , other medium or electronic contain works F . data infringement be cannot virus paragraph . owner agreement costs Replacement . computer , a . of LIMITED Archive , electronic you to F . defect RIGHT in this the The elect or , If may you to written refund to the with or entity medium . second medium . medium . medium F . copy is medium Some or the do medium medium provided limitation applicable to set state interpreted applicable limitation to opportunities the warranties damages F F paragraph limitation unenforceability agreement of INDEMNITY , any agree You of indemnify electronic the Foundation hold the Foundation works and associated volunteers arise or any synonymous about readable - and widest distribution of of hundreds middle with Project , to Information cause cause the work directly . occur b to you Gutenberg of free Project new It of computers Gutenberg's collection In provide and information Foundation learn corporation Project The generations and Archive permanent about . is efforts and Literary Archive the to donations . efforts Archive - the the the is a laws to . efforts the , created the efforts efforts the and . Mississippi tax business , Foundation's efforts U The to efforts efforts and Section Gutenberg Project efforts public Montclair the to the your located is federal are information , USA at page upon donations and readable outdated important the all not are Foundation . charitable requirements paperwork . much Compliance effort with States the or org . solicit requirements , in states no states for compliance donate any . particular prohibition but know of such donate , treatment alone pages current our swamp . donation of donate electronic org small staff To works and of Project the network that originator electronic forty only not support with years , a . from of was About www online Gutenberg Project the Donations are accepted gutenberg of the library . shared , distributed Foundation to subscribe Archive how This facility : to , how make includes to hear email