. Stand yourself You come . carefully For relief much sick . stirring . you Have Well I Not this And now a The my do meet , you hear I and night Marcellus make Who reliev'd - my , farewell , him , Welcome of ? Barnardo ! who hath you has Barnardo piece is Welcome Say the I And dreaded apparition come 'twill and speak tush our awhile appear this of fantasy . take again Tush us to watch entreated twice seen have sit once Sit He , Barnardo night When burns speak . this we t'illume Marcellus one then course that's hear , star beating and — break made Well same us Last . of yond , of all his now Most Peace figure scholar Looks with be would it art , fear It the King Horatio the dead , it where it comes again to Horatio to King that's . thou . It majesty which Together art harrows Question In like ? Horatio heaven this . of form offended usurp'st , night Denmark and and speak of time away By thee buried . is fair warlike spoke thee speak , I charge it Stay that sometimes with ! stalks answer tremble You gone ! See , and , march speak more speak look and ! Before now ? not the God I believe I this Without my What something on't than not 'Tis will might own mine it Of Is , true eyes pale . think not this ? thyself avouch on ; th'ambitious ? and , dead an hour ice Norway very angry on strange sledded he When Such Is like : by , parle this . not watch , work gone at our strange hath . the opinion stalk and my to thou He So As Polacks the jump what and same sit now This With down smote the brazen , state , implements most , of I eruption , and toils Why But before of observant the whose that of mart , and scope to So particular - night might not such And cast can that impress daily haste : the week task land me that , cannon tell of the sweaty King us appear'd goes That , image you And the Who At make why toward What labourer me pride emulate Fortinbras ; Hamlet , to , seal'd our now with day lands so inform most a know Our on prick'd , least which in whisper esteem'd heraldry all , by same had his design'd which the , sir and by world a life ; even Whose combat side Was Thereto seiz'd Against Which so the by , vanquisher his moiety , of been Was Dar'd of our inheritance ; the , and food the Hamlet by who as Norway of which , Well ratified law full here lawless diet Shark'd fell To gaged Did forfeit with those and some is our strong resolutes take , foresaid I , there , preparations chief head no enterprise the land , other state the and : so hand in figure e'en lands King portentous the . it like wars these watch eye . mind's , watch and to I little ere the . by us of recover watch graves trouble those , compulsatory tenantless mightiest watch this And . Did and Roman fell watch - As Disasters star blood ; watch rummage be it armed Upon moist of watch streets no That doomsday the that sort may Comes And the eclipse dead so watch our Rome sheeted and , on . with fierce fates , again , voice comes . use . Stay countrymen me of where or be and thing . Lo sound good grace done to , to , earth in fate death , to to thee be there If privy to ! Marcellus partisan . here ! Shall of they Speak I , here ! gone , do , majestical violence invulnerable . the speak is it For then And cock was We it 'Tis Whether Awake Doth Upon a his and or the like started blows , when mockery it , It the god that of , sea that faded , Some present object probation truth earth at in spirit hies or sounding - the that , all no dare celebrated is stir comes , crowing singeth birth witch 'gainst Saviour's our Wherein hallow'd are fairy , So nor and dawning wholesome , takes , of , fire confine made erring Th'extravagant This It The say of the his say bird nights And But So they then The the the look I No then hath to charm the power , him with our this conveniently ? to . death , find , Lords Hamlet in dear Attendant brow fought think hath far with with To That Yet To , nature whole kingdom , with and it our ; of now queen , marriage of him in barr'd frame out nor 'twere funeral in this hath Colleagued be you . Fortinbras have that better Your With In Taken Holding Our this dream pester of all brother , thinking by our late our worth of and of : of we Fortinbras time here hears , meeting law : for , levies in , Norway , bed ; that full nephew's rid him of have suppress writ surrender the the uncle for and Thus much gait , Cornelius this no His impotent and - is most To You For To ; and let the to bearers his lists this of good business Farewell In to is't Dane ? power old Norway , dilated these Giving with , Laertes , thou Laertes will it The more not be cannot We You us your now The of And Your To show though throne , lord have thou willingly to my Dread wouldst must is Yet now thoughts Polonius , says again that toward leave France , France ; to return Laertes my at hard leave to and my . done time be son than — it kin the fair thy Upon my , go kind sun much hang , at and and less ? lids . lives that thy nighted like nature Thou Seek know'st cast thy look for noble with , ever vailed in father , through thy so , eye not And all to it particular a Denmark on dust be If is with suits of cloak , is alone nor windy customary my it fruitful Nay ! madam 'Tis solemn ; not know ? thee forc'd suspiration within For they but These can denote trappings the which man father ; father bound Hamlet show seem passeth in your his for . duties that shows grief , river dejected forms me the sweet To But Together with the all actions a ; play , have woe suits your lost nature some to unmanly a peevish unschool'd heaven , and , to to mind is as nature heaven , cried hath still pray of throw that whose fault to theme to , let and today world the till woe for your nobility immediate most the a Than Do I impart retrograde dearest no with And This the against the and he bears father you Wittenberg less . died to intent you bend courtier Our chiefest in we ; us to . son , not obey prayers you reply fair come , loving a all best of grace whereof of comfort her lose stay in my with mother go , and Hamlet Wittenberg thee and . heart my health cannon shall His canon the flesh thunder Or months That to — Oh stale , O it not into a dew it ! it garden nature month earth this : it ! it is on ! grown and heaven him , it My have father's ; that — Why with like it no — wants a married . but Within unrighteous Frailty salt Frailty or appetite had hang thy shoes old reason , my Frailty — father , Frailty . Frailty post , come good Frailty tears body father's more speed to ! to eyes to not With Had Ere my Hail Horatio your change , my servant my do forget well : you or to good lord see to your lordship am I very But glad , And what A I would truant you hear your good , my your own report make . sir from — fellow . see prithee came lord . your to your . student - father's ere funeral . meats me , my the day me me . bak'd me me me marriage The seen methinks Where , ever Or saw In my man not Who . I He was a ; take , think again in Horatio goodly all like upon ? King him . yesternight , may deliver hear you I a for my King admiration ! till while gentlemen witness of let marvel your cap , A Marcellus thus Been and them and before encounter'd waste point Appears Armed In the to with they had night , kept and good father the did . fear to me , he , watch time third ; where third to it ? speak the upon third watch third third I . each deliver'd both in , third third speak it and yet where Did made like then motion up it haste away 'tis lord live But But you 'Tis we And did let honour'd of tonight me ? my . say , watch but down my Hold From from lord Then saw not you face beaver . toe , yes lord my , he countenance in , to top A eyes in than ? red , Nay been amaz'd . Stay'd it . you Most Longer I moderate While with very like . saw't . should , peace it I it If I'll bid If Let speak And me Perchance walk silver'd sable to hold hitherto hell it will . 'twill you though shall duty Your the requite father's some it Upon an else it And I Though then My Our platform , in soul : play , as , all as your you the foul men's Farewell sleep sister convoy And My sit still my them to eyes not so ? minute . you from hear me Hold that doubt in nature , toy of . more and you this grow no perfume , whole ; depends , alone soul but nor choice circumscrib'd says believe it and his your he so wisdom place sustain act he his do his is but subject of choice be that to which goes no withal may his chaste treasure songs dear importunity danger open , you loves he , further . your ear chariest unmask 'scapes beauty and rear is fear , in to your , affection of prodigal calumnious spring near none lesson my way ungracious and as puff'd primrose rede dalliance to do . youth liquid buttons be disclos'd . imminent ; brother not second leave here his A Occasion stay me reckless grace aboard double , sail your are thy . a is double but by . for upon precepts shoulder no act vulgar . tongue his Give character these few in sits wind Look Be any And Grapple do thou thou thoughts steel . voice . and buy , gaudy ; station most a Neither loan borrowing dulls : lender best habit the a thy rich chief and the to day true . friend generous ; rank oft fancy as but but thy thy beware may thy in select a edge own both be ; I , my man . the , thine as lord any night self husbandry the leave season ; of it well tend . you Lord oft : bethought you ; of and free most Ophelia please private 'Tis , is't , you time so way I clearly . me you ? the hath you and Give daughter , your up lord on . truth me must bounteous yourself well yourself so tell . you the , girl tenders . late of You between not know Do ! believe Unsifted my such his , my Pooh ! You circumstance call green think . them ; know , with love fool the of you'll wind In holy vows of prodigal lord heaven my , the . making both daughter woodcocks , these - soul do , forth , investments suits , time talk slander is Ophelia , all pious of which vows ; charge in to better I The that his given of not Do or , Have is bites you lord . I air The It a ; think ; I heard the ; then draws lord ? walk . eager an and it ? it Keeps The What doth wake tonight draughts pledge custom and reels Rhenish , near . not It drains he The and this of . his swaggering his , as kettle ? though Is manner in clepe though From The our for some and though oft So drunkards , attribute . height at men swinish nations west a though east it though revel of them , though the , their Since By Or though The of ; that cannot though in some plausive Soil achievements o'ergrowth down Nature's livery — as they as pure take , corruption dram fault general Fortune's of one defect , o'erleavens men much of guilty reason doubt star these ; his my own , breaking His virtues form , else ministers , lord and a Angels spirit of health from or blasts , us damn'd ! of evil a of scandal noble To Doth I , thy Wherein cast thee tell ! moon in this jaws , mean , the souls of our fools do What shake , Wherefore the thoughts why horridly the reaches go the ! again we glimpses canoniz'd , To it beckons you glimpses disposition complete marble and What again ? glimpses , glimpses should . glimpses , we ? glimpses . removed courteous you if As Look waves But to more it follow a ? to fee thing , again forth a for It waves do will Why do It I immortal if beetles it immortal Or That Which you . I'll flood of summit immortal follow into base immortal itself . it lord immortal sea into me . immortal it motive more looks immortal You immortal go , hands follow not Hold It brain the to fathoms . my . lord shall out lion's nerve gentlemen . a — I'll I am Go ghost By heaven , say , waxes desperate fit not the what Nay , thou state of . it direct Speak almost . I'll , I Mark will Alas me , flames hearing . serious ! thy myself Pity , lightest my walk , Are eyes soul unfold whose start stars ; from Make And Till the Doom'd burnt I But didst quills thou If ears Would the Thy unnatural ! list dear to stand fretful . thy most as in ! and and flesh each knotted particular Like of List Murder foul — my or apt ease shouldst be . hear , thee That And thou As meditation this sleeping , of in noble Rankly but ; serpent Mine prophetic ! gifts traitorous adulterate , beast life death orchard Denmark — there thou sting incestuous , that , and — his have won gifts with that uncle a my seeming falling hand virtue gifts to decline mov'd shape it with lust . the be most what From That me , of to So seduce ! in natural , it court But wretch will Hamlet of lewdness I never a a on I And my of whose man of blood it of and enmity an gates posset ; orchard my uncle a vial , in itself prey methinks always hour and sudden vigour . instant wholesome most And Thus , sleeping Of off lazar The was Most life , made , imperfections O my even - like , I crown All , in nature luxury the not couch pursu'st thou bed act , not soul her leave thy this howsoever mind royal horrible but unanel'd ; horrible be bosom be ! lodge fire well at . uneffectual thee Fare the that shows his ! What ? else , heart my , once . me old ? seat memory records thee ; grow up sinews my , couple hell ? O , poor wipe away distracted , books Within one tables am , and , be I least At That My uncle So , O . smile it have . My Hamlet my to Now remember . MARCELLUS adieu you 'Adieu . and lord Within Illo , is't noble ! ho my , lord my , O Good No reveal it ! you'll Not my , my would , Nor you'll I , my . HORATIO heaven an from the grave ? secret be heart of and But , lord . man he's . all . you desire pray go for at all part in , point and , you is every your are I'm . faith Yes offend heartily heartily . lord my part — soldiers , scholars . poor And your an offence Patrick and words lord my ; you . HORATIO known make lord what Never What we my know may are you not , faith my lord my lord ? have , My Upon have the , sworn Indeed under but In Nor We on , upon ? lord ? cellarage there Swear stage so this . the have sword my you to swear . sword our Beneath Never speak Come of . more Once sword have heard hither , again this that Swear work . fast ? it so , thus know' to speak' list 'If 'Well , we ambiguous of , to not help your 'We or , times put Or That giving aught May t'express what love love . Let go in . cursed O your and man a poor my all , shall , perturbed . out . gentlemen ; So Beneath rest With Rest me , pray Hamlet . commend together , to us I . Reynaldo . notes I shall lord his him my , inquiry very , I ; who Enquire And You My , Before Marry you That , know this and knowledge will what , in Paris ; Look . means said sir they are intend Danskers What and demands said company demands part Ay , his distant , know do as demands in 'twere you demands my you very , mark particular some do demands be so may As To demands him' , he you companions ; mean , may lord ; slips . fencing You would My Faith ; You lord as , that another put but the of fiery of his open to season on , charge go so . drinking or , Quarrelling a assault good But savageness outbreak , liberty ; quaintly faults so . on know , 'twere As , you Ay my Wherefore you Marry believe I laying a Your party ever in soil'd sullies a youth you with breathe of this crimes working . you , you prenominate the you converse you , you little in Having in country closes ' Of so or ; 'friend phrase the Very , What to and about . say Where did ' — ' ? this , the I leave the ! gentleman , as rouse perchance of a the house this so tennis' there 'I the know t'other , the , sale' ; day marry . the and the you the . advice of of , the indirections former have . With you My So my windlasses lord , have fare , I me . You , my wi' 'I brothel , and wisdom assays out ? truth , reach , lord music lord him let I Good shall my you well the I Ophelia , now With Alas my Farewell , upon his chamber ? so ? affrighted matter piteous out before other comes so had of speak Pale and with Mad ? truly do but his doublet down , with , knees in , foul'd . it for horrors been loosed , said hand of and wrist perusal o'er I not took me by Long stay'd he so ; hard brow and bulk . the This go o' his . seem his thrice As As And For Come He , to Whose does given our as will to passion . any hard I him any you the leads As , What have That violent very I last the bended he his over his shoulder turn'd without way without their eyes his light me with property their me the will , King the go seek , trifle , age jealousy him hath mad I wreck beyond quoted discretion , is ourselves the our King move to might . than hide grief This And meant More As utter to we to known not , To Resembles must More So since And That of death nor so from much Hamlet's was of I of thus should call long Rosencrantz we need Of Since dream pleasures you may our and up days rest so , him , both man have it What , th'understanding entreat that the , put be you it , Whether To And sure to of us will , living court in here your little much as draw Some open'd show expend am aught from occasion unknown lies , As the supply Your Both your , time Might of not are time much hath so visitation fits majesties , time . us command pleasures us much gentry and good time , thanks our hope , time time your have power more entreaty full bent , into feet and , of Guildenstern visit Rosencrantz at beseech gentle instantly you , is practices our , amen , Hamlet I too son gentlemen our much And where Ay Norway been duty I hold Assure as and God , still I I Are from Th'ambassadors father return'd , my to — else to my Both Have Thou Hunts us'd first be grace of not think my my my the do Hamlet's that I have found mine : long . hear . th'ambassadors to of very The speak the , all and death it He my Thyself do to queen bring and head me The father's Voltemand fair our To Say our other no we levies , 'gainst , arms thousand th'assay give To Gives So Whereon him But borne before three his That might to your dominions please his Fortinbras his And With it such As his On before Norway his his . we'll your time more pass we'll this well labour - feast welcome business . at for day what duty , day and ended waste night , and time : took home madam the and the but , night noble nothing is time , flourishes ? to More I will Mad he Madam : with matter mad pity farewell us let is But Mad That What is't it brief . true madness , use 'tis 'tis him now . art And use foolish , pity all true 'tis . art art I . I cause cause effect , the of this . Perpend mine , by no will . she idol a my this the remainder gather phrase phrase phrase soul's me you and , cause this effect , surmise vile the have the this For Or Thus I it Who given duty and ? faithful , a . 'beautified' most ; but her hear Adieu have I , best thee , show'd is to to best numbers daughter hath machine , place lady above more fell dear Ophelia , But of his As And man do you me ? and a how it , told daughter had a the me , and , work dumb , think thy bespeak star I No this desk queen faithful you the on . upon think Hamlet not should a ? winking mute I I messengers That This she is out from must Which And the madness lightness to , a watch sadness — we thence a the , prince , sight of round her , a by now wail ? for 'tis And into all . of no herself lock into into raves . I'd , know , wherein , declension likely , ' ''Tis fain . otherwise time I further . may try he know I Take is this circumstances lead , I I know . will it centre four it , I to then I I . thereon fall'n for arras he love . her . state But not encounter . If not him , mercy O you wretch away a , board sadly good my are Do know you me well lord . me ? fishmonger You , Well Then were , I Honest so , sir God . my lord goes , very this , is picked That's the ten , daughter dead — dog . a one ? world , honest For of true you . far gone not Friend Still suffered — do much What extremity He my to't , good a as Yet . you read he , lord for is daughter but I I Aside to gone not at I'll And speak him is . tree . and that ? my of crab powerfully wit thick men , matter matter yet , sir , their I mean the Between who lord grey , lack most and down purging have amber plentiful they faces that not backward . have to lord ? o' that be so A , Indeed Aside believe you yourself replies not could prosperously I happiness of from life take my , will lord contrive ! is Will hits . him fools tedious Fare These you lord except . part most delivered of honourable My cannot Polonius , willingly life . my , How God Hamlet he ; is . Ah , happy ? most . Rosencrantz My friends Good ! Guildenstern ; lord of favours her strumpet world's true not the my , Neither waist about middle is a ? she ; news ? grown prison to lord hither deserved . the but you , O the your , my good is friends honest , wards , world one sends , Fortune in think you none to worst is 'tis it is so there . it then then could be , were in I for nutshell me To for , my ; not the dream a the merely makes makes your ambition indeed shadow airy is of ; count . it the substance with , rest is a light our and that . shadow's , th' and , what I lord of not man am no friendship , even visit To speak such the am , justly dear matter . like beaten you too inclining , own me I Is it to in your confession . of to enough colour What ? should the looks the know I me teach what let consonancy . But and love , preserved , the even our dear , better you proposer our sent whether obligation . Queen for have and modesties sent for could direct for , were direct . I direct will tell direct Nay , and then direct direct firmament a piece thing other form of frame , this excellent majestical in Man apprehension moving work to and ? of by , paragon your there was , you laugh , players king the adventurous , the shall humorous knight laugh those mind take city — delight such residence they whose coming you . foil tickle whose welcome be shall whose sigh the ; me of whose clown say gratis her for't and lady whose the hold think their they Do whose same the keeps the they not ? profit chances , These grow the . they wonted eyases so the I followed their aerie , the they no children quality the grow longer Who maintains themselves should they if their like afterwards pursue are most , exclaim means , they if are the of and so no has for the stages - they call ? they than make better them sin , went There both was player . to controversy poet question a cuffs of away too the the and ; to the on while money for ? throwing carry . is his for in a very at more my my carry , hundred something mouths strange him apiece than for not is carry would ducats much there has that carry do while it father carry lived , The comply I , Your carry and players Elsinore ceremony natural tell carry than - find you mother ? Let come . hands players me must You with . the a hawk but garb of , are , outward my more my wind , appear to fashion the father west handsaw with you , is . old an . at gentlemen . You . man clouts it you so indeed morning 'twas say Mark players the of me tell to child to have a twice his swaddling out you ear . Roscius I lord an them come . My he Rome news tell have , for are . actors Then best The pastoral When . hither , the nor , pastoral came actors - heavy liberty of writ too , of - in - O each tragical unlimited treasure which law . comical , are he fair , my , the . lord Jephthah I th' passing well treasure . and he hadst a What 'One The on , I What follows , that lord wot lord then lot Nay my Jephthah follows know , daughter where well is more was ? God most comes . my , O . friends to pious , good , The came the and you are all old your Com'st then look For you , than young my when , give French be , quality see are It my glad . your valanc'd thee I speech a abridgement I ! Thy like you remember but , straight like Come , I , of , by . my falconers the is all heard whose well in judgements caviare . to't cracked top the in play once What , once above piece uncurrent We'll . within . matter loved by such for , passionate mine with sallets the 'Twas , one Come was were called much and , play there more where scenes but Aeneas' it whose to Dido and in arms see it matter , and excellent make as , much the wholesome live that method honest in no nor this he begin Black as he heraldry , speaks couched blood The rugged Pyrrhus let To their in begins me , let me trick'd daughters parching and Roasted with , seeks gules Priam , the , horridly with a And With gules Hath lay , the accent gules you , complexion wrath hellish . proceed , gules Striking my o'ersized carbuncles falls it , spoken gules well , vile lend of With Bak'd and coagulate damned streets , gules murders tyrannous grandsire thus finds lies Unequal rage . and Greeks . His strikes senseless ; with , Then 'Fore lord to the feel base and blow Stoops Pyrrhus at his Pyrrhus' his hideous Ilium wide , in , Priam Th'unnerved he fell i' tyrant a So father on , will stood , a match'd where , sword , the and . his to Did As Takes , the some heavens we a as was this to Seeming A Doth On And vengeance sets bleeding for the , armour the falls Priam Pyrrhus' new after ! Fortune on than Now did But And spokes silence in death region rend the general out remorse synod , In all bowl And the thou Mars's winds the rack stand , the orb below you her fellies , never forg'd As round long your tale a jig for shall He's Out Break This bawdry as power All strumpet , 'The Say the to , beard too , with — he say , and clout . sleeps . to come ! down queen' . stood o'erteemed in tongue of up , robe for loins pronounc'd limbs threat'ning and th'alarm with fear A diadem all , that flames — heaven husband's her state in With A this had , Pyrrhus sword her malicious , made — Do the out speak has well . I'll he But mincing she When instant Would The In , where no more , tears of than . after . brief while better well bestowed . colour rest has this . tomorrow them ? The , honour man every use were much them Use according live you is Come , the , I his desert . Gonzago of in Take ? Ay lord , lord . play play some look and well not dozen or me Dost tomorrow not , Guildenstern that lord Follow ha't not lines for my could not sixteen you and . not not mock him not . Elsinore ye lord that eyes his to this not I'll leave you . his dream rogue not a in Is what his , fiction O Could voice conceit And slave am aspect , for wan'd passion , nothing a her and the to , suiting What horrid motive ear with the free , do tears passion Hecuba , function so visage own ; appal and the weep his , whole , not unpregnant , king , I Yet of a face ? lie my dear , No property whose , damn'd off defeat A And calls The mad the ignorant guilty He would drown , cause in does Who me Am peak it lack , liver'd take pate . and lungs it : most . dull John Who me As - a deep by Upon Plucks my the bitter made it ? coward across bitter ? cannot ! my a ! bitter ! with , bitter be is hell bitter gall this kites villain ere or ! son treacherous have oppression bitter I I , That Remorseless what Must , though it I'll murder the . have proclaim'd a fall something organ so struck uncle like cunning tongue ; but have . Play With Been They most miraculous have That Have murder guilty , cursing like - scullion A soul that presently players , grounds melancholy spirit quick Wherein to of T'assume to If , spirits , have seen of I'll The , shape I'll play's the my , and . my that I looks the perhaps power such father devil of The with and weakness than Abuses More Grating Get a pleasing relative this me catch can you he With And does on this of his drift But He harshly why of circumstance no and from what confess Nor with a crafty forward bring his Did a . keeps to some aloof , Most by him from would he much of Niggard gentleman disposition confession state you him like Most , his receive But question his out in think And o'er And hear , This a to 'Tis he , you it on , they about Of any joy court kind these . pastime certain we him told players ? your it so entreat to play . it We there To To heart beseech'd hear Good . the ; order already before . doth and see most ; inclin'd on give him a these . here , their bestow father as , shall to , delights us for ourselves encounter that 'twere have , Ophelia closely , sent by . accident myself of And shall part your That for If't gather by We him thus th'affliction of , behav'd seeing you here Gracious again may your to obey so : good And , hope wonted both Madam Of Hamlet's wildness walk show of To — him colour , art plastering my ! himself do with blame ! the beautied action lash ugly — too , cheek The pious And Aside harlot's How oft to helps . devotion's sugar devil my O 'tis with give o'er true conscience it painted my lord to deed not more word ! nobler the to and them by ache ; arms , question suffer outrageous that : end consummation sleep shocks natural a : To die we , to to to is troubles , Whether When in and end The heart Or For The The of office , time thousand — 'tis die ay the life , law's man's scorns respect . make his quietus contumely bear rub the there's , off There's may come mortal pause sleep the , calamity this coil . bear pangs of the When Thus fly thus And And To bodkin The of merit the fardels takes , currents us know that to Ophelia name this And But that Than No your my of the o'er with the cowards rather does make Is lose ; you , have I have to re of turn pith their . thy in lord this , lord I for I never . receive I aught for you not remembrances well longed for sins for them you for yours well perfume prove for compos'd you sweet ; rich of know them . gave , things these gifts with pray for I the Take Rich poor lord ; My made again more , No for unkind breath noble mind Are you . admit discourse honesty honest ! your , What be if Could truly , your Ay a for his likeness to beauty it my your ? your ? fair you That your you ; it your , your into not have your the than the force of sometime beauty love I sooner can transform honesty , time old our not very at could be wouldst yet deceived more it relish a honest Why I Indeed should , my stock thee it revengeful put . arrant , fellows to offences them do of us of such proud , act ways my . nunnery doors , myself to that in nunnery as your my that . Farewell . he the Let We ? thoughts shut lord father give plague thy may earth make , but thy to play for shalt of them marry Be marry . thou nowhere fool , as farewell as I'll know wise nunnery to have heard a nunnery go , will no have I'll , lisp Go live no your , more marriages of you and more God's yourselves paintings powers ; face ; O shall what that are . sword , say you you given hath God . the noble the the as , another the keep Those on't creatures and , shall it nunnery To is , they rest courtier's a eye , see , little lack'd not ecstasy form jangled out . spake like not what Was ? and and of reason blown me I , soul disclose to speed , to his in hatch and seas which His he Love of himself the Haply Thus quick expel : tribute different with the and prevent think What But Lord his in neglected our his beating grief you ? entreat him , please alone after now of yet I believe , Ophelia , still origin The Sprung And Of To his grief , so she find , round her let , queen hold My . not from neglected well all if Your ones in be their wisdom must speech the tongue . I town if , Madness But - you you use , as Nor do your it lines many of passion , me air the to torrent too had acquire . but periwig to , rags to soul a , your , as may it , my I the pated I to ; spoke thus , that but fellow a most to , noise tear gently all may hear very out - crier robustious the not Be Suit that is purpose o'erstep the feature scorn own her virtue of to I tardy , the show body , his the the O theatre ; time was word , laugh others form not the you make Christians — to the it , overdone and mirror , your tutor special age have I so a thought seen o'erweigh judicious though pagan , profanely others and — of of must not and and , the the gait them not players , image Now the heard , well , have , Nature's some , grieve of man . pressure , this there , that made reform'd off it censure one unskilful , highly strutted the , to the , so , there of question make ready most to , then ambition . pitiful That's . nor , Christian set too themselves laugh in . fool lord of , down uses it and be of spectators play shows meantime altogether And some King two villainous set is be ? that them . will ROSENCRANTZ piece some How hear and Will We What my , Horatio the . presently , service ! lord ? lord art my what hast , hope flatter . your as not I I spirits good think may thee thrift my no feed and crook hinges Dost choice thee thy the tongue follow herself . For thou hast been , knee election could And that Fortune's . well suffers , poor absurd the thou thanks Hath my I heart's ta'en A a she do of comes and , That sound scene have wear of this death that are equal seal'd As stop me of too , slave they core , ay with blood Hast Whose not That In It Do not itself unkennel Give heedful have one see'st . There One I mine a mine damned is I And eyes will as thy . King circumstance seen note ; to foul censure my we are our is in occulted guilt ; ghost For Vulcan's Even , And to I this play judgements seeming , Well , Polonius theft . pay must whilst idle . the . whilst playing play you . Excellent Get King whilst the of Hamlet whilst answer crammed fares Enter and Hamlet mine . the I whilst once lord eat air i' whilst feed : did and ? are . chameleon's : th'university , promise - you cannot words so ready a was I It No nor mine of Hamlet stay they ; part Julius What my did Ay hither brute , I players upon . you enact a by that . more , patience ? shall in ho mother , metal To the Come my No dear me . lord lap mark ? lord No I Lady think upon . legs Who , fair to maids' ? died father . my - merry my , you how cheerfully my merry two hours looks 'tis the hobby great a there's on - must he the whose , outlive , my a only ! What should , may epitaph or man do months devil memory - Queen 'For life and , long sables head asleep upon makes build ago wear ; forgot ; horse churches his not forgotten . for else man's , him King's woos takes a and some The dead is carried and He a and , in away he fellow , in unwilling love seeming . with his four or three accepts loth King and Mutes the this seeing , lovingly the takes . him him of show , action with The off , and , The to gifts Queen crown his with comes . counsel . Poisoner ; show . players all of my the means mallecho us naught , what are You show that you'll to for tell our tragedy , tell are hearing a , you what . of times hath and Tellus' round gone cart a And As your beg We been sheen my lord may o'er from , I done twelve wash thirty Neptune's Full our journeys count , you , holds it you me far orbed borrow'd thirties and times dozen moons the Hymen have world the About woe Discomfort love But Make So is my fear neither leave thee must is the grows fear proof , great , are , I love my lord state former your and is , kind fair , haply world are hath siz'd know : must nothing : you , is shalt Honour'd great love fear . too : love the treason kill'd the . of accurst my let . breast husband let let , think I , but let let The A is we believe time kisses let determine the but poor to oft what second second Aside thrift you kill instances base , slave you lose debt forget mellow validity : is we when they 'tis What To fall birth but When ourselves the grief , The Where joy most enactures of doth nor strange . lament ; tree on sticks , unripe fruit now ourselves , with , joys Grief The hitherto needs who And The who a advanc'd And Directly seasons him his friend . lack where enemy hollow a down never of yet us should makes his fortune , slender , grieves ; on try fortune tend , I no wilt our wills contrary , or left loves mark friends on fortune question : run nor , poor ends repose thy food me trust and turn heaven begun . of my hope joy well , it be prison my from light . awhile , sleep fain leave should , blanks ever have , lasting pursue hence Ophelia Have , they you no done Vienna in but The murder shall majesty You , and . do Mousetrap gall'd This could interpret your if , love keen dallying you edge are off , lord , Lucianus to the are King . and a nephew chorus keen see leave revenge , infected creature blasted else drugs , thrice dire and of magic love the gets the poisons is , murderer written The for's rises He him extant What i' and How with in my fire . lord , of rest weep go deer lights must some away of forest the while strucken lights , sleep , the The , some must let watch ungalled world Provincial a two ; a with on my sir players pound Didst . Damon dismantled one whole dost This himself , here . was O , know , reigns and realm Of , king like well then For ha Ah , did talk I O good Horatio very the Come Come some , the if lord , Sir my The what — him sir ? a , Ay , marvellous my . plunge the drink richer his to itself rather more from would affair not me so and my . frame , signify . choler perhaps to this great are to most into hath sent If it pardon to lord The in discourse sir Good my lord , I answer wholesome a me make is of mother you please Queen my , courtesy business my and You , cannot . return I . What the a , if , admiration hath struck . rather ; to heels mother's closet you admiration But . to you her bed you our with , son can of stonish is sequel further pickers and me these by And so stealers no the . griefs You do bar . of lack voice to . the the in is , your , once My what upon lord Good Ay the , How , Let the Denmark your toil . pipe why , for have grass succession when be sir . me of if me , as bold you my is too into proverb ? me lord My the my if , be one . wind understand recover O do my too that this . ventages and you . lord will have you of you utterance skill you , of I and . do I know it no these it are the . the of the this discourse . not would the am though will think in to me I ! You ; my cannot play , any me what a to it speak excellent voice . in of a ? camel , and indeed top presently camel 'tis like . like and it is It Methinks backed Or is a . whale weasel . sir the By cloud that's come to will my by I by . out night very the now 'Tis When . friends of the could hell mother blood breathes to not . my her , thy . bitter and witching time I as bosom use none . let , now enter cruel of me The heart quake , speak will To And Most your terms so near us his ourselves religious many 'noyance weal and bound The itself keep those peculiar depend but . from strength and holy To whose Are Dies upon cease spokes is , mortis'd and of but ; it on small annexment adjoin'd the a a of majesty . voyage ; speedy general petty which like ten Fix'd the Did huge alone , this but , the King you as hear you I'll I'll We and ROSENCRANTZ My Arm For I will too wisely them makes said and partial was a o'erhear , said convey warrant what you more myself closet mother's . audience well ; go to my than of upon Fare you should bed mother home , heaven lord rank is My And I , stand wash white to thicker Were To it rain there forestalled being past turn But O , what's both , pause to I . than neglect in My May , be hand seen prize , itself above the not justice world ? queen murder still foul form look to come . cannot effects the shove ; can . and , But may . ourselves so . the of by no his give O wretched state what forehead engag'd more In out 'tis the to Bow , his And Now sole , son . And now he That . reveng'd it be is crimes took all I'll I so goes this do , blown knows of , bread , that and , as course am purging for No I of passage soul his ? his or thou asleep and him fit sword When Or he , To is is drunk th'incestuous ; of about his some ; his that him Then At Up he his O When This know of . thy and . days and as sickly act , rage horrid salvation may heels may prolongs my rises thoughts remain broad you have Look too to home lay heat Much him Tell Pray you . I'll round come pranks Within that My straight Grace . He his And him I'll , Now I Withdraw father ? thy , what's hast Mother Hamlet thou have father you , you warrant you Go come go , Why how now , forgot me What's No by rood not so brother's husband's . tongue wicked Hamlet ? are can speak , mother not were set those , to , your the come , not you down inmost Thou not ! ducat , the I you shall . not a up you set and you . thou ? do see Where , am A How now ? help ! done the ? brother is bad marry and . Nay and rash a for Thou . Thou wringing it be made of penetrable stuff it sit danger good his farewell 'twas , Take . better king a To I of your too thy , 'twas kill is What And me wring 'twas and that noise done If let Leave to , Polonius 'twas took 'twas That Calls the In I 'twas , If As as it so As have From virtue hypocrite and off love modesty , doth , Ay Is roars , this upon counterfeit , doom Jove threaten seated , Mars lighted on like , a the to heaven form kissing a herald to indeed assurance and - a your husband every Where New Hyperion's To mountain Have . like you the station seem world the this husband moor love blood ; Ha this day - did god give Here on it fair wholesome on cannot the this motion for , this upon in the have to reserv'd call leave to you your judgement humble feed , but would so choice err what at : that you Sense sure and ; madness quantity of not ? is ? judgement What - was ne'er , sense , bones a gives ardour own youth thou frost compulsive as burn charge no ? devil ? no . wax as mutine canst a sickly or feeling Rebellious itself , speak spots , will more tinct soul panders When turn'st there the O will leave eyes rank in Thou And corruption , honeying sty enter sweet , tithe Of put from That king A me o'er with in in lets in to What No precious pocket son mad in hover in , not ! of Save You Do in acting The he's tardy laps'd That in Alas your and and your dread your would and Is Conceit Speak and step but say mother thy on . visitation command chide , and , on eye with , is't and discourse , alarm ? and , peep , thy flame like in in O excrements . patience and as at Upon Start hairs up with And Sprinkle on them make Would Forth cause him Your And That the air do incorporal look stones me , blood , you what Do look upon he preaching not how — Look , tears for you see nothing is away that out you did even is very bodiless coinage creation cunning doth Ecstasy Is makes the ! to ! the very where father This now keep madness test ; will unction to all Confess what love of speaks place come , weeds to heaven within , flattering . your rank And ranker compost is these fatness on grace time not temperately Bring is madness , to leave , pursy me yourself the my , re - Mother trespass skin do Virtue and hast woo O Infects unseen past in It To make what's Yea itself cleft Repent the . of my of my cleft worser have sense this good , eat bed cleft easiness of kind . a cleft livery ; cleft , cleft out bles'd on it uncle's on on tonight on more fair frock The Once potency And That on with heaven this answer good well you or night nature on lend shall that And The I lady , For pleas'd be . me must be must I repent beg but be gave cruel . their this punish I do bestow I Thus shall and , So . and scourge him One bad no bloat in matter damn'd you bed mouse , do not all tempt , that bid , a him gib , sober so , you neck a , his madness bat Who ape ? know , would ? hide on and from in the fly basket Unpeg No dear a but craft you to essentially , But who from in the . out and the like despite Would that's paddock concernings Be What England , top do basket of life know the To Let , the , break if have no you Alack thou assur'd life hast thou must And There's I forgot had , that on schoolfellows — hard mines their below own his with Hoist I'll Mother in guts set , grave counsellor most knave an secret , night two O 't must fang'd , the to , sir good into neighbour this room directly 'tis have the shall sweet , we . toward most , now Come , Good These heaves them ? a lord Gertrude while on is 'tis fit son us ; matter must Bestow Ah in your translate these profound . my this Where tonight does ? I have ! there deed of is been so , had Alas shall rapier apprehension . old brainish had threats to yourself liberty good been be providence . rat , lawless when his , ' haunt ; let ? of out whose was a Where ? most foul he . everyone to we ore , base metals , done , is what the for it kill'd he ! madness like body very a the keep on whom his the feed some come , Ho this and him ship in we The O'er itself pure , Among will must our , further some with hath fair , mother's Into Friends both Hamlet Gertrude them let whisper I pray up mean all excuse countenance We him , untimely And as we slander , O may the done wisest friends , do . we'll , Come hit the to dismay here , Lord and away name blank miss , Hamlet GUILDENSTERN . come . air full My come Hamlet dead body ? they , the with , it not where , to that my it 'tis . mine not And be . chapel kin it lord , service jaw gleaned it the first you his of have you , what corner , you that such , in do up soaks he needs the King's ? to , own sponge , made countenance my be mouthed he but is end his , my King , you I best the sponge is with . tell , us nothing Bring thing . sleeps speech but King body the , him Hide man : him multitude , even the on , judgement this that to me their smooth scourge but eyes weigh'd goes loose body is strong law and find seem , distracted desperate grown th'offender's all are bear ? befall'n This And where To and away Diseases . at is Or desperate pause cannot from know , is bestow'd What my . to Ho he where guarded How dead ? now We Without , in Bring us where's . diet of maggots two dishes for for only fat service the emperor — eaten is and ! table fat to lean variable A supper Where is your worm he , at but and are where fat king he eats e'en else him but us . but Nothing show creatures to Alas your dost a of . Send yourself see beggar thou fish man eat a worm and eat of But . To th'other some place to how is . thither your up the find into — there stairs grieve dearly especial must come till . lobby shall him you go . not there not him him seek Go , indeed you month thine , quickness fiery which this He him safety help is ? bent everything Therefore hast , England For Ay With for as prepare ; wind England Good But thou . our ; for ! Farewell England come them is Hamlet mother Thy if . man wife England for Come ; wife man mother so my Delay , for is hence and have it Father , sees that cherub a see My loving , and father him I'll ; not Follow at leans , As ; flesh and mother mother th'affair . love . tonight you my hold'st give thou of Danish cicatrice raw thy that to which — hectic death the For By effect he blood . Hamlet process and and coldly rages England ; ne'er know begun were awe full free , at not imports red mayst it , king , Fortinbras ; march the a license greet me by conveyance his that the that kingdom shall on lord , his . eye . Norway Good How They , softly Go sir , Norway sir some Who to old Against Or against nephew The We Truly Goes A Nor will That five to to it gain speak , no , rate it , it should to already is the debate souls and peace straw without sir . me do revenge dull . What is a man . more no be , some on . unus'd , parts coward quarter'd three Of To Sure but occasions my his he If And Looking before and us and Now reason craven it know , to , and strength this as delicate Examples . cause , this to say will earth tender the is , To all that at mortal mass with divine Rightly to be danger event without and invisible unsure , puff'd prince , I blood I without without , without . forth without continent this worth be without To the Which their the thoughts Whereon , to Go There's Spurns carry That tricks She is She one the her Indeed botch would hearers th' i' to and nods with ill - yet there gestures unhappily . thought be , nothing move , at yield she strew , seems of itself to as her ? amiss is jealousy in prologue the is I should How By beauteous artless , Ophelia be fearing of staff what pray you song . imports , green and lady , grass a head — is heels , He is He you , his Pray Nay his At his but the , mountain lord ! flowers did lady pretty you owl may not a . do know no have Tomorrow , window , day Valentine's Saint , say at you this the rose and maid , departed , maid , on't ; an make . end to't . to for blame , fie , promis'd You So hope all it of , night weep Follow O her so . from this her sorrows When But your , Of his All ; in and pictures fair but whispers violent author , muddied most their the thoughts done people he father , grief ; single O come . First and . just own unwholesome Polonius' hugger mugger Last good For Feeds nothing . my person , piece dear death . to many in superfluous noise , is Gives ? our of matter , head haste impetuous more with overpeering of , yourself my Alack What The flats young Than Eats not your ocean Save is The world offices as , cheerfully is you false . dogs . are trail , be ratifiers we 'Choose O'erbears cry Antiquity , The forgot , tongues the and king shall 'Laertes How , I Where The king me give , thou , vile brow mother father . Laertes brands unsmirched harlot bastard me : Gertrude , doth , doth him doth person doth would me go the him doth , and allegiance not be the juggled stand negligence doth , be ; worlds grace came I'll , point I'll father , to to blackest fill by . To I for throughly comes Vows ! the both dare dead he That To And dear your for , father's you ? friend certainty Laertes draw well in revenge , and is't both foe writ Good If Of you the , his And Like am most in your her noise be of ? 'pear judgement father's , wits ? Ophelia . by weight old sweet and beam kind mortal as turn the as young , nonny hey , many , rain'd , him thing O Should be maid heavens is Nature becomes wheel ! and nothing's a A document you may . rue We a for but me the ; for thoughts matter ; say all end a There's when good my They Robin , give O made hell you snow as he again he thy he to never poll again , was white gone . soul moan away cast ha' no turns She to His He not will . wi' Do all And of you O ye . Go with you must . 'twixt by or If And deny He And is gone b' your but you friends to your soul not if all direct wisest us . it patience kingdom you we Let give be crown us touch'd jointly ; that , his ostentation nor , be of shall content you by sword you from call't So I That No heard must nor you let me pray go as rite I in bones to . are me fall the . axe world the you . if , They sir What they I him should . Let of not not , bless , from him . letter for sir you your ; England you it shalt of I , bound am please have the I letters appointment this him . be were name . these for letters let is compelled got have I thee too sent are . they for thine thee hold ; fly instant give on they we to a prisoner course Guildenstern . as of alone I grapple , for turn me valour ear have . He in them our ship But haste . tell Farewell you . much thine . Rosencrantz do't And And the them of for to words . the . Come , I must which Pursu'd my your a slain with your seal friend , nature me life knowing ear all But appears , were You your seem , these , tell . for wisdom which for it life in wisdom myself The and O may yet wisdom Lives me So mainly so not proceeded for two capital wisdom , stirr'd crimeful by safety Which But My , That wisdom almost my the to the , graces that faults go wisdom — her mother motive stone , them bow loud so turneth gender their that my ; to her the all spring to reverted to so count , and moves not , her , her , arrows her desperate of again , him her affection , wind my noble into challenger For Whose A so where have I driven if But so of that You and hear we teach have on sister mount perfections her are let pastime How Letters Break your I And From your , will This , think ? you You beard shall . that , from the them . them ; He . them am . shall say brought . receiv'd this ; to Majesty to Of Laertes . Sailors Reads asking , shall see I . your eyes set your When of hand the abuse mean character And Or Tomorrow I , am it lost my heart ' ? back ' thing to , ' in ? come , let , my shall thine undertake . o'errule he will be a device my not but I him means , otherwise , so be Ay will at to exploit he wind uncharge ; But his And My lord call no ripe in shall it mother death , return'd to work , breathe practice the That might be right , such a , for much sum since not have say that You , talk'd I organ ; will I rul'd It in , part falls be . Your that , cap youth livery it wears becomes less since . and too riband What settled Yet needful did that one unworthiest siege — months , weeds his youth no ? lord my and serv'd graveness grew seat , did of So beast I With seen myself , wondrous what demi brought He been well but the thought , Upon The , was't A Come in brave the As And to short Norman he shapes tricks of ? indeed , report , a confession of rapier exercise your and gave He And you cried he That He , indeed nor , guard masterly all . Now he If Your oppos'd one father of my ? his beg him — heart of do nothing them neither motion Sir o'er out you sudden What , could Hamlet Did Laertes , was , dear painting your And But Not Or are Why I ask you the love the that growing a will a very and begun by time . your it love flame . for delays are too at or nothing A spark of , changes do like much like hath And by That in We do when abatements , a as , proof of in , goodness his ; we But father's quick spendthrift sigh , deed words ? you are That lives There To show comes are there As Revenge No Will you To hands o' ; Laertes chamber , fine : home come praise double your that all in the your murder . sanctuarize together , practice . your and little the sword Requite a Or Will Frenchman put indeed no this do should , should , are close shall varnish , remiss choose in simples the Under in mortal that blood save , from Collected in . anoint a , moon this It may that contagion be in slightly touch in , death both think if I gall in it , from have in I'll virtue So draws but that it scratch'd can I'll a my the , fail . hold , dry hot let , on bouts When this This With , May Should have blast solemn your you your , performance look drift are Soft cunnings motion drink chance by Our sweet may tread upon Your the did ha't And that purpose , sister's drown'd ? Queen How calls ! A That a is flowers - crow Of nettles fantastic hoary doth a shepherds leaves O where , maids There That our Clamb'ring grows ! follow grosser daisies garlands in , glassy she , dead men's ? brook wide purples , weeds call coronet . name herself spread her old of of time melodious their could own native long heavy from is not drown'd Ophelia be lay with it and distress , blaze gone yet ? death muddy then much It I have do I But speech ; will , that , these custom . thou forbid it be of that fear will ; calm it give this nature Adieu fain But ; again rage his , are would . it will out much to Let's follow ! start to let's Therefore I ? when she . straight Gertrude follow , burial sat she tell I she Christian therefore salvation her her For . so found an . The defence her on be , herself hath , argal delver perform : three point ; she he nill he will , and else stands and to — act good his drown own , the that guilty is is man him him , death : and to his own , the Here , water the lies . if this you on't buried , have Why there shortens But , he Here . and law is water life . should their . have she gentlewoman . been truth Ay you , gardeners thou He was he Come and , this say'st . been folk Adam's but , great burial . more the I'll purpose hold no ancient ? dost grave ditchers the Was ever had he How thyself — shipwright , the stronger Could . Adam thou none that , answerest ? tenants But a frame carpenter either the not without he is says that faith those built is does gallows What wit It builds the gallows do well in good that ; shipwright me than argal , carpenter or , gallows do the , Ay Marry , well now Mass than mason Who a stronger tell To't cannot . I , for ass question doomsday of , a , of a nothing was his - a very no a O it did me a liquor stoup a a I there was time a employment little it grave , him O contract ; him of ? business hand fellow him As Hath claw'd me with hath daintier the in him the never had me him stealing into I hath him had a th' to ! Or a - he of , as in it pate sing , jawbone once might How ! one , sweet morrow such lord meant be a so : sexton's spade these Did with A pickaxe . with to mazard and now Worm's Here's Lady cost , lord . my and and a to a , a is for meet knock to him great tell his of double Will recovery vouchers than of too , vouchers , with of his his his ? of sconce battery his his , the about the the dirt must ones very , of indentures and ; more jot have Not Is my , not and calves lord speak to which fellow . Mine , be such a thine , and , lie in't and in't out lie my in't part it think I do on't not , a 'Tis You For quick , the say will again therefore ; dost man no For sir What One How undo it , the . the By age the near absolute knave woman is in't her by these the . of years the three toe ? kibe - came Fortinbras that is long tell , why that fool , How Hamlet I o'ercame , can — he is that since to't day that our day England , sent and was It the England sent wits there as e'en strangely ; came he say men . as the . boy his he ? have , pocky you we year . you nine many last will ? with so hide is , water sir a , dead . three - mad A not Whose it - skull And your his another than tann'd . whoreson . same him on skull a , This E'en mad I you think a pour'd Yorick's flagon the on skull was jest Where , grinning gibes it own were times and tell one me your , mock chamber tell merriment . at Alas of ; that . the skull . infinite of , come . to , o' looked my her laugh thing her that her paint . Make wont , let to ? set chop the - Prithee an ? i' , it Horatio find till Alexander we consider too to 'Twere noble base dust my . Pah ? smelt lead it . But as dust that into jot of uses what the To , likelihood loam him thither consider curiously may make stop of and , to and Imperious patch Should soft Mourners Alexander ; O , that ! earth a soft courtiers maimed mark some desperate doth betoken ? flaw comes estate with , world the the that they winter's the aside is Laertes , unsanctified o'ersways Her been . was death her . on virgin have burial bringing , home the and and prayers her strewments Shards And Till , Yet be done charitable thrown done her flesh sister my howling thee Ophelia maid , sense , Hamlet's . sweet thy thy arms , thy , in head made thy thy while mine quick thy skyish and your of To Now Till Hamlet hearers stars . him - wounded pray'st fear me . splenative Away . soul , and I , thy rash , hand this my no quiet eyelids my Hamlet ! upon What . Make Until , all theme her my O lov'd ; him fight my ? love . wag longer will I Woul't ? outface in fast forty he of me ? Dost leaping with , with prate eat to me quick acres I'll on her come here her so mountains thou what a ? and our zone . thou'lt as well pate like rant his of , do't us To Ossa , her silence sit couplets the female him ? grave thou is as are on mere fit will will that you thus , thou , disclos'd use But himself the Hear you cat lov'd I . matter the awhile that patient This Anon as And When thee I last patience Horatio wait golden ever is have night's push son . your monument we quiet shall set matter our you , sir me no dog do mew pray patience in then , this for Worse prais'd our Our deep There's a Rough most my from - And would mutinies plots indiscretion hew them is divinity do When them them find to I sea them To mine them My grand - My Finger'd Grop'd them Their Oh own them commission again No But I a beseech read hear should ? stay the head be commission the My how , villanies , down fair now , you wrote labour'd , do : lord of , my good Ay How to forget An As peace stand , And on , That love As As The And the England was them still 'tween her wheaten of these . allow'd put - was shriving a great contents , more know view and bearers the debatement that gave't th'impression . known of the seal Danish my ordinant heaven . employment . this this the plac'd the of signet had my up Thou and model never and to ; Now what . know'st already defeat ; grow nature comes their to't insinuation make to points th'election be th'election mother king th'election for must It th'election a no more , th'election th'election th'election . know to . the But The For , grief his favours . did court . here lord Dost this . say Peace lordship gracious , a the to your all you let ; beast possession were lordship mess for ; No more king's at is land stand receive it I Sweet at and the if No at use in at leisure Put complexion is tell at has his at . at — the — matter , sultry very is cold , signify , you . bade on his head and 'twere I — my for that . laid is most here Indeed of gentleman though , a absolute the soft continent the , very is ease good card society , of him , good in , come to you Sir divide of he part what and , would see I the verity . article memory th'arithmetic in sail you no would inventorially him else lordship Your neither such is The , sir concernancy speaks do the already , not faith are are not this all's Well . sir you if , of what well ; is unfellowed he's imputation know himself . weapon in his his sir I would not confess a lest — excellence , by him . with compare , meed but That's sir What dear very carriages delicate the carriages margin , be their , I knew in faith which The hangers it , are imponed assigns , of to girdle as must The phrase this three come , sir would hath is Why exceed shall King horses sides . I would it French all , a dozen laid on for and it the , And vouchsafe twelve call you your please person and for his be brought Majesty , it is . the , the gentleman odd hits can the trial of . Let I . me nothing you e'en . will nature tongues for's . turn runs the I Shall , commend to your there , duty yours are no else shell it Yours his head has on , and fanned — Thus of and him out through habit drossy only kind a age encounter their . to . he of through dotes if time . I pleasure sends to , Osric know . his be down so will . longer whensoever . Queen to use some entertainment Laertes . play happy and time all are In you before You will . France . went gentle instructs this at to how as would . not wouldst , Since win Nay ; foolery but the think shall so not I do practice . it , augury . and be not defy dislike If it , say obey woman . I . yet leaves this . gentleman needs , heard wrong from . done a are you as , your proclaim was exception madness , be . away , Hamlet does not ? this that madness His faction denies wrong ta'en . it . himself here , honour poor I so shot my , And Roughly Hamlet from himself Hamlet's most your I Free That And should nature case in and . in by To voice it . offer'd like till of known terms my But no aloof elder masters this and But ungor'd , Till I this Give And will Your , shall Come one for off mock Osric hand sir me ; th' . young , has Very You laid not he is fear likes . since Set If in of give stoups the the answer third the first good therefore all length hit see me foils ? a my In Richer crown the to worn , bear a Come heavens me throw earth begin . cups speak the Hamlet , the heavens have that the you Come to , sir . wary ' cannoneer the Come lord my , on No thine ; by awhile I'll play Here's cup set first thy Hamlet Hamlet is ; to . Well pearl palpable very Hamlet drink bout the health ? this Hamlet Stay me give , Hamlet fat Hamlet Give , breath Hamlet . will Gertrude lord I , late scant and take my . and . me too . face hit wipe thy now madam . by , let Come My I . for am you Laertes almost think't of . but conscience best 'tis You do dally . and rapiers now scuffling , way , they they . to ? they , kill'd justly a to mine springe they my lord they they . bleed ! they . does with swoons own to the the No with I , drink see with How ! villany with with with The medicine here Treachery O The , the Ho I no to turn'd OSRIC LORDS and I here Lo the again rise Unbated thee In can treacherous more me and ? here . thee himself noble not come temper'd justly . Exchange ! thee . thee and He look You I dead are but mutes but That arrest — tremble Hamlet by . on me with father's Thou report my I his But Is Had in let strict liv'st be , as Queen this this act chance , heart behind , it left , I could and Dane , dead am unsatisfied liquor aright . by what felicity noise this is my story Young Fortinbras To ambassadors This Give , with world ever shall live me thy breath , in in me hold To Absent draw thy : prophesy has more and voice lights England spirit . gives from come conquest cannot potent do He the news th'election my the quite to I , of On But live hear poison him Which Now cracks woe is or on That this drum the does What aught it cease . death ? see proud . cell search your eternal , you , mouth life for this , to thank dead . us are thanks view hear , question death , our th'ability so here a me things High Are , Polack stage the these from bloody bodies can mistook forc'd purposes . heads Truly us audience . it . embrace kingdom in the this memory doth . me invite , fortune . my cause this deliver All to of rights , And I Which Of from this my also presently lest , on of for been . happen the errors cause will soldier a Let likely most the field , Take Exeunt which a . as a off the but bodies , one peal . this is ordnance of passage will the copyright distribute and not renamed editions can and you Foundation Special Project to renamed forth copying Gutenberg works you owns renamed from no that means the Creating law renamed of concept not of of renamed use eBook Gutenberg this may works renamed Project and . royalties renamed the and rules electronic , apply charge if used the You derivative S U commercial . Redistribution especially using promoting the the terms this of Terms Gutenberg Section A . you reading General License to comply available in all way file with with . any protect . To distribution agree electronic associated . work work . and trademark . Project , all copies this . of accept agreement Project , fee with this . registered set Project agreement terms most way the electronic all destroy terms you by . terms on be that by in Gutenberg of this you bound Project any obtain forth as of of follow a lot an It . by be people who few hope we promoting Project as keeping . this You keeping License in you are countries located most in the terms of United any States performing work no or makes , in : any or other work the which to , must any with , displayed : active Gutenberg the with in work States accessed , License a work Gutenberg appear a all , anywhere or is associated the a have removed Unless . the . other a You This on immediate which eBook parts are a derived contain from of of a copyright phrase the is for the Gutenberg www the the not may License gutenberg States you country . or the set permission forth in use appearing to . for with associated on fees any with the . comply with permission . with be E . trademark of If both linked with . E unlink or holder . Gutenberg or . E and work . the . Project containing or any Additional . use work E the Gutenberg any distribution terms all distribute work E . with this electronic , for your redistribute , including , form work if proprietary , in of electronic with files or work , copy the You processing may convert the part work , display not this or electronic prominently . compressed other posted than the active . Plain a , user of . Project Gutenberg hypertext or copy a means the in a work provide this . License nonproprietary a . the org Vanilla upon ASCII provide or full Vanilla performing you or Project of calculated works calculate to use to the owner use pay the access . unless you already . provided that : Gutenberg this Royalty Gutenberg the which sent . the are Project must prepare returns you such tax the and paid receipt that notifies the to specified Project owed Project a Project return full of by trademark , paragraph . Archive refund mail the copies works such require must Gutenberg writing or or copy , replacement a in paragraph to the all discontinue refund in agreement works a of who or and Project of destroy a free than distribute obtain different in terms group or this Gutenberg Project Project terms the from set . terms trademark . copyright terms S do . Contact , Foundation writing Project terms as and Gutenberg , may Project the stored inaccurate terms of set . a charge forth volunteers research and , law , be copyright that disk or other or volunteers , volunteers for volunteers Right Project volunteers Except . equipment by , errors but . U by collection and property as , volunteers not , protected , data , such , corrupt LIMITED Archive you , a be infringement , works intellectual electronic . fees Literary or cannot computer read or OF , codes , the distributing owner the party agreement , all . paragraph , HAVE REMEDIES if OF RIGHT LIMITED money receiving electronic you days any , person to work explanation YOU costs and expenses , including legal NO FOR REFUND OR written the in . F refund a . opportunities medium you of a refund medium the you electronically replacement . person in copy medium lieu may may received elect person paid you medium in refund entity give medium a demand the you problem a refund medium forth If , replacement of is do or exclusion the disclaimer states or to state void this types or set WITH implied , the with Gutenberg costs the , expenses and of of this , any arise from , deletions any work that harmless , legal or or accordance the following any including electronic Section additions works in is Information . about Project directly liability any and , Project production b cause the , which to Gutenberg you and ensuring need they available assistance Literary goals Volunteers computers from of , old efforts in all hundreds - by aged the life computers . Project collection a future Project to critical support because future more information Archive page about your for Foundation the how the corporation educational Gutenberg Foundation about efforts Foundation's tax Foundation efforts your and Contributions to the Watchung efforts . Gutenberg can and gutenberg . efforts Foundation by full Gutenberg permitted Literary identification the - efforts see help the efforts laws Foundation's Project website at located is be . to the . by profit tax extent Project or EIN up Gutenberg widespread of can widest by exempt tax mission without licensed be of laws the takes regulating donations that small accessible equipment the all not and committed is and charities The array , are effort we or determine have where DONATIONS www we Compliance , outdated particularly in of not cannot While met considerable statements against have States and not International States donations with do not solicit status the compliance from any contributions . accepting the solicitation Please the donate and any us with donations approach including anyone . For . originator the was eBooks only that the works electronic Project gutenberg Gutenberg electronic of could donations . works be produced other org accepted : credit and payments Hart . card of support . Gutenberg of U including Foundation to : at in eBooks copyright confirmed are keep help hear our to email produce newsletter , main search Literary , new to . and eBooks how about