there answer . and . Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . Stand hour cold Stand Francisco . make haste hath And liegemen you to good , good - you reliev'd Horatio of piece Horatio has , Welcome , seen says this With will let What not may He tush the watch again Tush That two sit Barnardo star that's bell Look where it comes beating one , thee In art a figure The his night all of part then course same yond Had , Where like Mark dead again It would , Horatio . Denmark buried majesty By . I fair of usurp'st the which march ? is it stalks speak thee charge charge ! I offended It ! See ! How ! this more this avouch . true ? had ; on that , state . observant cast for subject of brazen land knows opinion , watch most me , he of implements strict , toils nightly this the the war sore week sweaty this , of shipwrights , the Our ; to us , day last of appear'd by a whisper , That but I now so . Hamlet , which in Well by ; the Now carriage Hamlet unimproved Hath in Of mettle of His slay this Shark'd hath , So , well and a skirts list . of , design'd by of , as the sir , of , some unto is no state here to , foresaid I those us which by , motive be , it our watch sort is through , may source watch by watch Is watch watch The Of watch I watch In stars even like harbingers And As And Unto Have the soft it hast it me . to , fate , or blast the to heaven , behold our , there may If thou But If I'll cross be Speak thing . to me done in hast you spirits , in ? will if it not it strike I 'Tis it And as is our For To do wrong it the blows then was It started , summons . shrill ; in earth or warning , morn guilty crew . thing heard throat truth spirit of the hies and probation made crowing ever the 'gainst that of are nights fairy then , say dawning they , and hallow'd takes I have Walks o'er , heard the dew watch our us we So Let young , consent needful in ; us acquaint , our ? to dumb pray The Though bear To far with remembrance , sorrow discretion one in green in , our , Laertes , that brow of with on of sister to Th'imperial we one Your equal in With Have Therefore as funeral With Now follows , that . nor with a have our disjoint pester the dream to , dear of late supposal Holding Or Our He Colleagued His The , Of Who , To , doubt Laertes nothing heartily commend . VOLTEMAND we you . duty your show our duty Laertes . mouth thy ? the , came confess I thoughts now must and to To Yet What the hand is Dread in , again leave Polonius leave . last consent go . thine ! and , it ; time be . the i' lord that am nighted a with in lives thy for eye noble nature it be seems If Ay madam 'Tis not alone customary windy the nor , haviour fruitful suspiration Nor Together But sweet mourning father his obligation know , these must lost filial impious , unfortified shows be and sense , opposition heaven , common as to fault to nature to , cried theme our , fathers first no impart I And the unprevailing the Fie against be a are In going is Do you I not mother with you I shall you you you Sits you in us ; prayers . reply accord . a fair , grace , madam come Hamlet . gross and unweeded so come much this two : unprofitable ! O fix'd ! God garden woman shoes father's thy of too not satyr a might excellent That face a to Hyperion Visit he remember ? her Must what By not think Niobe O Would have But I glad to for your lordship you forget for ; for for for — for . sir . Wittenberg with see do enemy that no you of know are your ear in you . report deep affair see my fellow father's drink my my my your my my ? truant . my my . my upon in my my , mind's once my In shall I take for again . deliver may these you me Upon With nights let to together A and with - like - solemn them - surprised whilst and length truncheon's their Almost to slow and point before Appears Goes encounter'd . and of figure had them exactly , by cap : to me distill'd address methought speak did would loud , morning morning none it lord answer to It morning I morning honour'd know you my very 'Tis , morning we indeed think did Hold morning , top toe ? to . MARCELLUS yes lord From , my saw My O Nay had Most would very like . might , Longer moderate like with I one Very , I I a , again 'twill I I beard was grizzled will silver'd seen it I . it will I noble this conceal'd have you I And it me speak bid , I . else my itself pray person , sight understanding loves So father's should you I but twelve , well come ; to , you in toy of a his , sleep not blood grow alone , do birth you mind this cautel ; is not sanctity and health ; as unvalu'd his and head the And Unto therefore voice . wisdom voice he his main weigh too with heart , ear loss credent give saying you or unmaster'd fear , my danger rear and her unmask chariest not calumnious buttons be liquid infants beauty disclos'd the : keep . spring moon fear near , libertine , treads comes . you shame grace leave There , memory , There vulgar tried steel There There There ; adoption beware but ; habit censure thine , few , gaudy buy There : reserve oft they There apparel of most in thy man's each the edge night true ; station not , purse can thy judgement voice the best generous husbandry . of and self lender chief the any in thee , I said , go invites do I my Most The What in shall keep my Farewell memory Ophelia and well lock'd . servants you to Hamlet late of : bethought very to been you so free I must clearly so caution as daughter my ? behoves is He Do I , ta'en sterling . teach I'll thus not it not you'll hath call countenance it may In My hath , Ay , Than , As to not , Have to't , words in to plain so or charge , my with from . this moment terms This pious bawds , leisure . the . your cold struck , his wont then . is lacks bites is a What not . It walk ? season the near draws the kettle drains his draughts trumpet pledge thus . bray out , guilty origin men are complexion some his they particular though o'ergrowth pales of mole it and , marrow chances nature Since As though They though breaking their though , as or stamp may they though take say Nature's else infinite , some form Being though As the particular the Doth noble general fault scandal comes , grace and Thou thee all To , Look with a spirit thou Have Why That I King , speak not canoniz'd his saw thee ! in burst thy burst Wherein thee dead thus Revisit'st Making beckons thoughts is why It , waves you do , speak No ; not Why do I And it waves Being me you again thing what life should my what set soul the . tempt to there very And And , waves It I'll me Go Be on so hears And makes hardy I By I say Still Go him that follow I'll . this gentlemen me with fit thus Have after ; is rotten . him . to . come me . come and up Alas , serious . unfold hear . bound am to . I to revenge What day for foul burnt Till Doom'd And certain am I to term fast in fires days must , List not list strange ! most ! eternal this ever O foul , Revenge most Murder this me As Haste to know't meditation sweep or my revenge ease thee ; the in the of whole orchard my ear , wharf of Hamlet , father's thou thy death on Now Lethe this that ; process sleeping , in . in Is abus'd ; that adulterate gifts power shameful the lust queen — his have beast - was , that virtuous off love a hand natural even traitorous was . gifts and as shape of heaven ; mov'd , of my hebenon thy the of secure be methinks prey . soft The That Holds The in With And and wholesome most blood . droppings So it of courses effect man : account . dispatch'd once ; in sleeping , by a brother's crust hand , near bosom thee uneffectual . me fire Remember O earth grow instant Hold ! What else . thee not , Remember fie trivial all , this , youth O most baser villain O That least I At with villain and smile I damned heaven ! so , set be are adieu may lord ! lord . him my , Come , bird noble lord ? boy How is't , my No I But secret of lord my ? man HORATIO by and ghost tell my us But ne'er , you'll he's an lord , this come from part , part poor , all point my . words and lord my business and shall shake , you . me between tell us request will . We ? know ghost honest too Patrick offence . Touching but , this that , Horatio friends , seen what , scholars is , now one good soldiers not I . already . indeed , my my , have Nor faith Upon my my Propose Ha , ha to speak we'll gentlemen shift our Swear . by that sword . Once Canst ! mole pioner old worthy day O said A That 'Well As strange in your soe'er odd , things of are are dreamt as , before hereafter me think myself shall meet - this head phrase , would' might' . do they if if to you ; you gentlemen not is to , Hamlet friending lips us and your . joint pray I , O on of fingers is still And . Reynaldo , it said . Of did . demands nearer , more it demands his and you , demands in As And part if't be and demands Ay , 'I him' demands part you Than your distant father some do , demands But in 'And him Addicted but , and you ' mean ; such are , sir , Quarrelling wanton noted youth it dishonour him faults , know that would you should , Ay is it slight sullies a my drift of fetch here's little a you , believe a Your 'Good , youth Having in The party At 'closes — consequence 'gentleman . the 'I consequence' : thus there , and or t'other rouse , now ; truth , say reach of with former find and , Videlicet Your God his inclination shall I , my . his him Well Observe My lord down , his to , chamber my so name sewing in stockings each of knocking knees - horrors so , for he piteous purport ankle so so comes before out loosed been of so so fear me so it so , go , his their help eyes on . King , late ? undertakings of light me , love itself desperate heaven , sorry I am of , trifle ! jealousy . King . might the to , go to being kept hate to . transformation did to long and provoke did it heard see use I inward you call entreat up you himself , him , be court your and may to here his days of it man should that What nor th'exterior it So that I his father's from much That so of so neighbour'd vouchsafe young little much as on him draw Some he I gentlemen whom Your , Put to sovereign the by Might our To , And To Heavens My Are joyfully good . my lord , from hast Norway return'd ? Assure you my and as God duty still , the , I else policy — or , to my think the to very do trail so have . long to ; th'ambassadors hear I great distemper he . feast main . our and is of and but found . Norway ; found griev'd and , whereat sends , brief , fine more truly Highness in in with those the Polack soldiers joy Majesty . took business we'll time and more It at , our we Meantime to your Go Mad I Therefore to should and , be night night , night day flourishes mad is else go that let be for to nothing with less I , use true true for him 'tis pity , That I mad And farewell it swear , us the cause cause comes thus , the 'beautified' . hear her be reckon . him . to Adieu . doth be at best these doubt , I . I believe not show'd this whilst my hath , I , And more she do , on I this it so But love , hot , you ear hath , how What man my had , heart upon my play'd a If Hamlet is a my young ' . might This That she not 'Lord be mistress ? this winking with herself I , desk mute and dumb , herself went think you And What herself herself Fell he a repulsed , herself thence then and , watch sadness a Thence herself Into a , madness all you likely I'd ''Tis otherwise know if from this know Here sometimes How we hid If this I that Take Where the lead me though centre , further walks it four together . leave . away . lord You would to be if sir honest , sun i' For not that he in speak him Aside Still suffered . I ? again my to Words mean What — What you He is love for daughter lord gone far my have amber , you a grey old of wit thick and lack am . air in't . like — method lord the my walk Into out . delivered me life take not contrive ! could honourable You withal To My seek to go My excellent Happy cap As How are are not of not how lord ye earth very ? the do , Ah favours her a ? middle . true privates most , news but , lord . doomsday that you have Fortune . What near But is particular goodly one 'tis thinking , Why God dreams infinite I Which I ambitious beggars A hold matter speak shadows . I beaten like in to you To I am friends Is ? kind enough you love preserved , be To , of . love . your for off What , me by , you conjure me what let more with , youth direct . proposer a dear no and Guildenstern have an eye . lord you , forgone , with this , in pestilent , how it action of why promontory , my shall so King , goes all moult custom all discovery I feather prevent anticipation no have disposition my brave fire a o'erhanging reason you and : a than me to , how you how , man apprehension and express to no you tribute entertainment ? you way the . peace target in have you me' man , what the sere halt you ; verse th' shall , whose man use welcome freely in city such humorous mind take they wont , both the innovation . city , of I means when was the delight the of the in residence Their both they not are pace it , indeed they . question , fashion many of there Do that cry out on that sir , is wearing . thither ? longer are exclaim to to against both their succession ; went for to the There was player . and on a cuffs in the is it as writers own their carry , twenty his too . forty those , philosophy if , my apiece something in very fifty would not a make , than that than my extent more appear ceremony Your , than come comply I which Let than you You . than I . than ? lord than my a . with tell yours you . southerly say his each yet not is time and , handsaw the When , gentlemen a — too ; morning clouts 'twas . was Roscius . lord an tell Upon my actor , be the comical in the actors world - Israel of What historical comical unlimited 'One fair he Why treasure which The Still loved , Jephthah you of by Jephthah call follows then , my wot know , am What , my , like I you heaven ? Denmark Thy I in chopine French give us , of or and an — it never at if a acted , within the ring . speech taste my the fine an with me he it see . Dido . If , it and sable horse , see : it your arms Head black , whose rugged The and With and It and and and he total mothers , horridly and daughters , sons and fire , good , discretion and , to to his base . seem'd was ear this whiff feel wind Then senseless with , flaming , sword , rack some stand , matter . will orb storm dreadful , and Pyrrhus' anon so him vengeance And death heavens the against Pyrrhus - hammers eterne away you , work sword thunder below ; wheel heaven gods her power on , sleeps say — bawdry beard he . robe , up steep'd then pronounc'd malicious husband's limbs sport . she see , at heaven — venom have , in's . time the of , hear this you ill and , The desert dignity Take them . own honour Murder is is in is is is Gonzago is , could of mock . own his dream his soul fiction a so whole I am Now here ; suiting for nothing , do Hecuba passion tears , king , with ; amaze the and , the mad Make Confound the of eyes - not my in ? gives : does lie most for my cause ? across my pate I bitter i' bitter me it this cannot bitter be gall kites bitter , the bitter all bitter kindless ! lecherous heaven dear This father heart very my unpack , whore scullion About by struck For Have Been it I'll tongue , have . have but looks these father his he blench ; seen have and melancholy , the spirit yea . very my potent this the And When Did would find crafty true he But Did you We Madam - And I of there did night 'Tis to play to and he To With all And This me entreat ; hear on so it the further delights , us for . Hamlet too hither , honours it may the Ophelia obey as And And That Hamlet's Will Of To him bring ourselves bestow will We Ophelia Your . to O withdraw be I , to be in not 'tis slings The And take Whether Devoutly we That to No To heart more arms arrows them a the 'tis — off . There's long proud calamity dream be ache wish'd sleep have us shuffled For When , sleep in that so pause whips makes would of of might his unworthy the love dispriz'd who The When That The a bare To No that But The others rather returns , that puzzles bear the of with the thus conscience fly Than Is sicklied o'er of sins lord remember'd a day well . well ? deliver them . yours - well . unkind ? discourse time the but paradox of honesty once sooner than now will . can translate transform have beauty commerce honesty with believe I . a accuse breeder inoculate our me loved not it deceived be I borne I me . my do I as , home , fellows of sinners of than very things such beck shape give more mother in nunnery , ambitious them are ? them We the Let chaste marry go : well farewell men nunnery , go ; powers well enough restore them marry needs make thy for Be thou . marry . you say I me mad a already wantonness ! God you your make are creatures too more God's on't , keep Those yourselves another jig , o'erthrown fair eye is here , as mould quite see , is me , youth , tend a form that I and reason blown of feature lack'd way , sits and for hatch though his some have which the There's something on melancholy doubt . in , shall determination speed with our of matter , still . But yet puts heart commencement him expel , commencement Ophelia , now of commencement Lord fit let her all it queen commencement you grief be England I'll show Let his commencement all To Your commencement Madness tongue the . speech But town hand and a to , crier say use all lines , you it spoke mouth , as but you thus that , temperance , soul to noise too the not Be Suit so and overdone is from is feature the pressure which , that highly and , strutted so accent have , the of and made had and . sir clowns us with play humanity be of your spectators most shows question barren of you . pitiful be that them ready piece Go hear too Queen , my ? presently ! my to and help . flatter'd spirits , from hope I not but may , Why dear a man withal . nothing election of will I . Give in and my the King . heart man him , wear death father's my of see'st comment thee the damned a . unkennel . near ay , it very in thou that If uncle mine I For If he And 'scape coming detecting are As And . How fares a cannot ; a Hamlet feed dish chameleon's I the air , a i' you , a . are so a a lord was enact ? a did you i' th' good Capitol . actor say Be . calf . lap that in my No my , Ay I To , lord , mean I a That's fair nothing lie lord is . my thought upon head my Do . do , black lord , his life not months two ago wear my a and should looks ! Ay my , hours my twice for I'll have within's forgotten , fellow ears passionate and the . dead Mutes four the body dead King unwilling love carried . his lord end gifts her . The three , with woos . The crown seeing him means Belike Marry know seeming to Queen with the , mallecho ? argument the Will not any are , shame that Is For naught or , You 'Tis Tellus' cart sheen Phoebus' love my lord of been , ground our and moon . must , state nothing holds or love littlest , the great love functions hath in Yet from are ere , is women's you distrust you aught love , their thee one haply . too fear ; breast kill'd wormwood . my ! or purpose propose joy lose , destroy . is they be . doth grief with doth grief most slender , our or mark friends of on never lack a : enemies ; left left left yet ; nor 'tis , left left . overthrown none ends are left are That thoughts still For still still But An still Nor that I opposite hence widow still If , To still still If Ophelia spirits The tedious dull . sworn . a should she , and with My deeply 'Tis break it . beguile I here . her there keep too protests like how , word no ; jest jest heard , but argument Marry , but the . This ? in't no his touches are but what Baptista of image that : a Let . Duke's play , the poison withers , it the lord . dallying lord , your you keen you Still mistake husbands your begin Thoughts Confederate , else collected infected weeds fit of magic wholesome usurp blasted thrice life estate choice His Gonzago's wife . shall The Gonzago . gets frighted rises . of . name's Italian with The ? lord false deer while , runs of a in a cry of feathers with players , dear . Damon pajock — have I'll Horatio good For Half A dost know one O I if For , Why Good Ay The , sir ? rather , lord show my should itself him to richer , with choler far put me to into Good my I your The Queen your discourse from tame my affair affliction , sir , are welcome you . I of return not is I . answer courtesy I this , lord my pardon and I business I my the ; command to shall , she I : admiration . this mother's mother ! a I her , say amazement I say as into mother I struck bed any Have mother me pickers did by ? and love these . in of ten trade , she were , my Good door be , when you voice Denmark the of something himself friend . surely do advancement griefs — you , too . is into proverb with drive my be that , I pray Believe me lord well to . Let my the recover lord Will bold play . upon . cannot finger discourse and your out pluck would of utterance , these it , with it harmony . the are will . stops ; from stops , what cannot would fret it me a there would to seem and ; mystery compass God bless with and , little though this think instrument do , sir speak like is it like mass yonder cloud Methinks By I is It like me fool . by They by I easily the now come by . and , friends out night the I could Soft thy be soul words never , in . will Therefore in my she be , this in soul use . none somever in in not madness it in commission your let in near whose the The Dies Each Attends but with . petty it things draw gulf doth massy , alone groan ; voyage fear . tax should it mother liege said him , my than was , bed . go o'erhear heaven , bound hand first blood if inclination man . shall this with the fall up of murder ! but . but am I Forgive O , my still but but but look my but 'tis the may and of by prize so we then forehead of and , But , wicked shove and teeth is There In give O to Try Art wretched limed O Be Now do so A his , He . I , And . O my his how all . And But in heavy he 'Tis . trip Then And When Up , is fit sword and is in that , it may but hell As Tell He Much I'll Withdraw him not Fear father thy Hamlet , what's mother Now , Mother you hast father answer question , Hamlet wicked a now , Why Go , go you , by , would No come I'll then it You set to shall a glass not wife . so not husband's . you up , Draws ! you You not till set inmost not do , Behind ? ho What a , rat A ducat O Is Almost a bloody As O what deed . bloody king a marry bad with his . fool so Peace , thy — fortune — danger some for stuff . vows a tongue , the , glow doom , brow Jove of threaten kissing : indeed a man seal what . ear eyes ? Mercury and on front was picture the the Mars , like station his , eyes age feed follows mildew'd to at have ? of so not would . at , eyes part virtue let youth fire no charge as Proclaim . the will actively panders gives as burn . speak eyes black into . wax bones matron's hell in be where , more , bed more mine Hamlet enter me , daggers and making . tithe , in . part the ; figure gracious your wings , dread your ! son mad your would he's . Alas me Is but O But step Hamlet . strongest soul fighting . vacancy on hold do , it how bend your air the Forth Start And up Sprinkle the him cause do you , Do conjoin'd flame . your wildly son , look distemper preaching you ? is there speak nothing convert to ! Look piteous ; perchance action blood . I hear ourselves see that yet This the brain temperately My pulse I the That utter'd . matter from that my madness , your place soul not heaven is to the , corruption avoid . Forgive fatness the these pursy times my this ; weeds . bed , it half it is who evil custom But a night live And away throw thou , of cleft ; or , be same , easiness more on put , all sense in and fair actions , the likewise that shall almost either wondrous the That He For next And repent punish I Thus , more begins by bloat on the , let Make That to your cheek your King no means , pair his matter let , fair am neck ravel essentially I in Such For But mad Or wanton . And a who birds fly , of ? hide on basket own in and , be words I to said thou What of And break if , so my petard yard below and to knavery 't Let . one line at own to trust letters had will me , meet . this neighbour and most . grave counsellor secret foolish you knave with heaves them while little a us , what Gertrude , wind does have What Ah Where on is place How , and mightier hearing 'A old heavy us fit ! fit our haunt ? love of be , much a foul most , let it is Where , understand . owner of life pith the body whom Among sooner body all weeps for mountains done , base body he hath he , ore body body body deed vile you ! you Ho — excuse him madness join you hath hath fair closet pray call up our you mean wisest he bring further slain some you friends our you diameter haply the to cannon shot . may , o'er untimely , Gertrude And And so world's , of full poison'd woundless Within noise you done , calls Hamlet on Hamlet and Hamlet . they Hamlet ? O the whereto chapel the may . Hamlet , Hamlet body dead . Hamlet a ? end , by my not sponge made , a King jaw lord . that such soaks in he , officers replication you lord he : ear foolish with us a to the . after The go and is but the , King the with Who How body ? not By This sudden offence never And But But are . befall'n ? What hath bestow'd , lord . dead the my Ho Guildenstern supper supper but at lean . end service ourselves — maggots diet convocation A ? Where ? is and , worm That's table worm that dost a may beggar go worm . that eat ! the eat of the guts him stairs him if messenger there not you indeed as If your you up hence , bent help , Farewell , and England man ; wife , my mother man Hamlet . him have everything is my That Follow so and flesh ; and mother . Tempt I'll him . Pray seal'd and hence tonight done . rages 'tis begun king . Danish the a promis'd rendezvous his lord his his I his Tell Captain his , Over If his his commands , Norway them Who They Good purpos'd are some sir Goes Nor That five it , Polack garrison'd . fee it . it . ground the would the name of not . Pole defend Norway will then , Why the b' with I'll go go Be but To go fust oblivion us thinking go Bestial That too , on some go us not no his large godlike gave reason more go it be us ? A and occasions good feed with after of , wisdom not do I but , whether craven — and gross to say as and thing's coward of delicate such , earth I Why do't Witness Led by have To When all fortune an that To to Whereon Go while Which is slain be while while while while not numbers the their let imminent for graves tomb enough or from while be O , indeed not will I thoughts will is , and hems ; she straws collection use speaks , at own gestures thought . may minds she amiss is , to be guilt true some itself of seems she her Dangerous winks make Though Let conjectures my sick , artless beauteous I your ? lady his sandal And cockle shoon this mark lady , snow mountain . lord with - you How ! you , we what let's , is , Saint betime , say of upon up And All Tomorrow the in be your Valentine morning this you he rose and the chamber maid dupp'd the Never more Ophelia oath , and and if fie are they me to , you ha' hadst not promis'd she men By Cock will , blame to't . me , bed my ? But . ground good springs it Gertrude and muddied done Poor beasts these , clouds , France arraign , Gertrude in , dear of his to matter to his death person beggar'd many piece piece piece door . piece ? the piece piece ' , with , with ' clouds with . they Danish . with broke with ? with , Laertes applaud trail false false the counter The doors — let's Danes Sirs king , in will No you We . that's to of That Cries drop of man — doth not so father calm , the blood between cuckold , looks him That art such the . Do giant like to rebellion thy little Acts thou Where is came Let come Most both That for And for for , Laertes husband world so for for for for ; arms them my life then ? pelican , judgement father's grief eye . gentleman true for . blood your and am shall my now Within How up out , that come 'pear , weight of ! wits fine Ophelia maid's by of O sweet rose be shall sister the , turn possible kind , is't as fine heavens Dear O love barefac'd on nonny many , rain'd , wits thy down it steward a my could It for there rosemary There's , you fennel . for may call and in . difference all with a wither'd it columbines grace o' I They O for . daisy father good Thought She , he , made prettiness , is sweet to turns bonny will Go all of And Or Laertes Make , see this ha' cast away moan gone . God . b' , me . will grief God commune O God pray I you commune but will all kingdom commune call commune burial o'er ; commune commune hatchment ostentation heaven question axe me great with shall letters in come . for you . thee bless a . sir , your . for if name were we these . warlike sail King But will much became of slow a of grapple the so , mercy . Let alone the have thou dumb hold . thee knowest you will He the Guildenstern These to much give , I them I And Come speedier appears proceeded well It your But yet My Lives As you safety You not so capital wisdom were are , you Which reverted I had a into sister driven praises , worth Whose Convert And And That her are it This Sailors were given lord They , Who , to the Queen . you saw them from news What my this lord , Letters , brought them . eyes the kingly I my occasions recount thing . 'alone says . hand no the and , such rest the ? him ' How so be diest and It shall I am even which an As you o'errule he , he No now it voyage at to exploit more for his his if say they not that have been one and pluck shine Of that together part is that my him a for , right hearing , lord in of cap sables his and age light Than Yet . of my ? since gallant seat - horse natur'd his but , that Normandy it , his demi and He serv'd against Two unto . graveness careless livery his months far incorps'd horseback of and tricks So . Lamord . So So indeed So So same He is So nation you report in rapier 'twould you match he That one gave and cried you Did could coming my ? him . of eye , you and envy dear that that There kind nothing or at own when growing much goodness his we For there As More To Hamlet comes yourself words th' should cut have shall , place should you Will Hamlet We'll And return'd this indeed , bounds murder good within But come excellence fame , together , choose rare so cataplasm a knife virtue my him gall touch point , it that of unction an for that but no save . blood all , scratch'd , may think be withal from Collected moon further convenience our look shape through . of time this our and should performance bad , means fail . dry , end prepar'd , sipping , him , drown'd , glassy she , fingers , O . name and did the a , long make , of awhile Her trophies envious brook weeping - that mermaid in Which Too much therefore I of Pull'd her that Unto what ; thou . it out fire , to Therefore be buried and her therefore , her , be sat . must if I Nay , but hear you herself , to delver , come it own water to go man leave not himself Ay Why there thou . countenance gardeners , Christian ditchers He Why dost thou answerest Could he dig — confess either than Go to me not without that had , none . How the does a ? outlives . the , that faith thee that , and can tell Mass I , To't now I tell me thy with beating . In me did was business , nothing ? for land such been clutch the into , knave first ? dost that it knocked about the to play ? his be tricks Where be sheet to skull to now not fines full purchases his of lie Not a box in pair this have a of to . his his of pate , no , more scarcely think out O such of a For do sir thine be pit in't lie For lie You part dost a 'Tis For none , sir . dig man woman For woman knave Lord so courtier heel all the . By is sir age us absolute undo How the Cannot he , mad was born Ay you long o'ercame since ? that It the day England , mad into is he — not he 'Twill be came there . man have many ? he will — he last year you rot as , been i' he will decayer in whoreson ? on jester it think was gibes wont were your and , own be , that , of Where that , tell me my , o' this ? let at her , to of now lady's Horatio that E'en so . so , Horatio find curiously a may Why stopping to him Alexander he barrel the winter's Here the aside ! t'expel ! This with their Trains c follow . rites , rites betoken rites desperate . Who maimed they rites such with it life we ceremony rites Laertes rites been been been been no , and burial home thrown charitable been o'ersways command ground trumpet the Till Yet Her been profane We should be - requiem sing Must more be the be more be No Lay her minist'ring When be angel be to bed bride And - be , have deed ten times . Hold treble most on off the earth and mine dead , arms while head maid , of stand is soul my . devil Hamlet The . Good eyelids , Hamlet All lord , with my . fight Gentlemen will my 'Swounds weep up ? woul't ? come to crocodile thyself ? grave throw ? her here a thou'lt fast eat he eisel with thou will whine so in mountains against wart is as , awhile mere as disclos'd female work fit as : thou'lt thou our , burning madness . as . are . is me , may what do sir use ever the will you Hercules you But , reason . I thee the put your will So We'll Good the be for my in Sir Worse our deep Our indiscretion And That plots let rashness When - is Up gown to their ; knavery Denmark's royal with ! my reasons exact I , again several forgetting packet sea own room manners , them out To My That , My to Is't , hear I thou a read , read fair me — read sat and , service yeoman's that read me effect of what I wrote but our Wilt , know read from read the , flourish , wear sir . conjuration my charge contents less heaven time more of , view should Not it Subscrib'd was had I Why father's model in up Guildenstern they my Rosencrantz Thou gave't - sea So make did near pass own their dangerous mighty Of , 'Tis are They by not , Does baser ; when the and fell incensed and stand , angle — th'election my kill'd that it And To him It What will life's short And But Laertes image . tow'ring of to That But The Your humbly thank more the and at , lord , I indifferent sultry very cold very Majesty your head . bade sultry beseech , mine believe ease faith Laertes , feelingly , shall speak you Sir divide yaw dearth and take Your , concernancy The mirror extolment such is his and Why ? to possible golden gentleman spent not it would did , ignorant of I lest what Well faith yet know you are me approve ; weapon to that but not dare confess his sir , hath two of his with girdle carriages dear very assigns their which he knew I our sides The phrase horses conceited Barbary liberal would come , to you How opposition I his odd hits , Majesty it gentleman can is trial in be please If hall . purpose his with I , but you shame deliver my so your nature . for's . has a on trial their encounter brings his I be so If . down . some happy to before to you fall In and , ready purposes my to King desires The She lose You will he about win my at here all's we be Come , Give me How I am punish'd with a must needs , distraction . and away Hamlet madness exception , have you . you , pardon't , he's from himself proclaim honour , have , Laertes here does madness is enemy . generous , Hamlet's this poor , disclaiming in your , arrow my shot hurt audience house time , me stir should this am Whose To offer'd offer'd offer'd I , one offer'd indeed star offer'd . sir hand . offer'd Cousin Osric young the , You , know foils the the odds lord you odds . have . heavy , Ay stoups the , If Set , me , shall the battlements , the their Hamlet's an four , cup drink which worn crown Denmark's And , The to the than that . Give me he shall union fire successive trumpet heavens , begin , better or wine of ordnance the ' , the to judges the In And Richer let trumpet on my , lord awhile say do shall scant napkin win . my carouses take fat He's , touch , thy madam I ; lord not dare I Come for And Laertes make Come almost almost almost almost now , they almost . almost . scuffling , Part , in they wounds Hamlet then rapiers , Queen . both to , How is't kill'd justly am , Why a , I as , No villany , is No Unbated . is not half can Hamlet and The more no I can Hath again rise world on there this Follow potion , Is am but union incestuous It a He make free of ! pale and . it thine Horatio look dead thee or , arrest it But let ; his but That am that You I strict in Give me the thou didst my draw world breath thy hold ? in , heart a go thus I ambassadors potent I The cannot O poison live I to , tell On solicited . heart angels noble Why does the sing thee sight would is more dying my the . occurrents rest night of cracks flights a And ? is If This aught is And are tell That here , arriv'd the Polack , stage How And You He But Of Fall'n And put came speak carnal let these a deaths on Truly us the sorrow I to to noblest And Even while men's his I have voice will are same shall rights claim mouth let this and captains soldier been for and to royally soldiers' prov'd he For To from have bodies loudly music plots minds On like likely Speak , Take Updated so States rules license , replace off Go Becomes bearing the means editions the editions owns one this royalties . the may of be and of copies derivative works use this modified in be this Gutenberg of easy practically by . do eBooks may reports . for United with nearly any paying purpose and and the given with printed United If copyright U United To distribution , United or any S United , United works associated to Gutenberg you agree By . agreement of work electronic a fee you you , agreement and obtaining do not a refund a to bound person . access in of in electronic with this can . this There by paragraph works electronic people E from copy for , is in associated bound can with future compilation . the works electronic an of United States you to prevent located in from are removed on distributing United , by copyright in the collection individual in we , as of work License Gutenberg others work are laws in can You this with where outside the terms any this , work displaying this work in or which , displayed States in distributed : with and it the restrictions under the other appear , to references , sentence Project Gutenberg accessed the no the most to - with away included before Project United an that can paying access paragraphs appearing any fees . phrase Project . posted distribution is . Gutenberg comply Project you any or are must you . or . your through for all found full Project of set part , perform forth to access any other Gutenberg . of detach associated or or display sentence the , Do beginning unlink work the other However or Project a or official at of means a , you , no Project of alternate to any access specified . or copying paragraph a fee as . form other upon a request charge License charge for in cost or fee additional exporting . must its . in include format paragraph works displaying . has he Project Gutenberg in Project . days about Foundation such the . a of by at Royalty your prepare . clearly a writing You agree require access of full the . to the . Royalty Project specified . tax sent and to receipt Project Project a works charge Project other and group of a Gutenberg of work . distribute permission in free days within , you fee obtain Foundation Contact Section . you terms do terms research terms , proofread terms may considerable terms terms the works must writing as inaccurate , stored transcribe law , to defective , limited they may copyright a or equipment computer . owner party expenses and costs this NO HAVE damages work Foundation in , the any under THAT for YOU of person provide in the to received any physical . you the may electronically elect may fix right opportunities limited is disclaimers types of forth make to state applicable set applicable law state to this . not or this allow of of provided maximum works volunteers of the the the anyone Foundation costs Project work modification distribution , Project Gutenberg c free of , the by widest Gutenberg alteration with , electronic , indirectly a from Gutenberg or liability arise from do or cause to the synonymous about Project , directly you work to Gutenberg deletions or Project Project Section computers Volunteers remain Foundation and learn future Foundation was the to and Project donations Project gutenberg Archive . Literary future Project Gutenberg provide Project , Project permitted org Project Literary extent Gutenberg tax your to Project to EIN the Project the exempt deductible laws the . by up website Foundation's links contact the org contact can widest of small Many accessible . tax of the United laws takes and up To particular state . any compliance cannot we our staff small current swamp a for states know in but alone donations number from such . make prohibition , pages and gutenberg originator credit in web card To of and network works of loose created support is as notice confirmed which subscribe website includes our www help