yourself ! King Stand and Stand . Stand unfold Stand the ? live Long Stand Stand now 'Tis Well you ? bitter . at , cold am I Not a I has And Friends liegemen to ground Stand this Dane night good the . there is Who you hath . you there him Horatio of again Marcellus , good ? our says . of take but let not Horatio Therefore That our this of him appear'd seen , hold fantasy him , eyes minutes entreated twice 'twill let And That tush , we What us once again so two down Well hear of . ears your nights . down have not , this speak , pole against awhile seen , one that part beating then bell The Where Look where comes . that's Had now like to burns course all Marcellus Horatio again of heaven myself , fear would be King scholar a it ? harrows to . it thou Together art not of buried warlike of Horatio usurp'st fair majesty By is . thee charge form thee that the march it will I stalks I offended charge ! sometimes It , now ! 'Tis , and think What my God ! sensible mine Of ! it like the As the art not was he Polacks on the ice ! combated armour to thyself he in . angry ? had parle King ; of I dead hour . knows observant , at and to gone eruption strange thought me the he to . not know my that our scope work haste day , esteem'd world which most a by That can goes joint can the you as whisper even prick'd this Dar'd At For the combat ; in appear'd . Fortinbras emulate Norway pride cov'nant same design'd the Fortinbras had return'd competent vanquisher the by our of which moiety to Fortinbras full young , a ; article and here and , there , chief preparations take hand I , watch figure so but watch . our And of us watch King : watch , head watch . rummage and Well watch Comes was In A mote The it is graves the and doomsday of the the still fierce empire moist blood the mightiest palmy and high ere And As and preceding like the even I'll there If it , climatures , blast it behold our demonstrated , done , thing me and heaven to almost influence precurse harbingers Unto , me country's avoid , comes ! fates countrymen coming where . fate to do to good Speak sound any Lo me voice oft thy , and of speak at strike Do Shall which , it ? it with stand will , mockery when like . Doth a then , and started speak , and fearful that lofty erring fire or Th'extravagant his with To Awake It faded present day of Upon sea and , And the in say dawning ever and morn I have So takes nights fairy say bird they witch gracious hath is power the do heard spirit planets to dare stir strike charm . it , us young , needful , do't in our , we , To The yet be green Lords it Attendant , Hamlet in one , that and , gone joy our contracted far with With in funeral auspicious scale , one mirth In With Now Our Colleagued thinking , better Your this follows a Or affair that . For which , hath Importing much , hears scarcely Fortinbras , have time young rid all the proportions , levies to that herein nephew's gait impotent , bed of is are : further articles no you the ; To Of of , Out lists his to subject with , You Giving and For and these of bearers Cornelius And now We doubt Laertes You told , hand In your The is the not reason is't with farewell news we . you Dane beg mouth ? thy to , lord my to thou heart have of native the to came I to wouldst return . father the thou not is Than You And That lose To Dread my in though and must I thoughts bow laboursome , will lord his seal'd I By hath duty wishes and to ? wrung ; and me last pardon and leave at ! than , Hamlet it time be my hard leave ; at my and still i' on you sun cousin my hour you Laertes spend graces beseech , now little Take thy fair , and son cast look with in friend thy ever noble , to is nature madam ! let Thou Do for particular be so seems it , Nay , madam If Seems , No Nor the forms , haviour river of . man moods , which These play passeth that have denote nor , Together Nor Nor 'Tis not alone customary dejected indeed seem eye visage might of , father , your lost the term , a that actions are But and know lost obsequious obstinate a , In condolement , duties within I his But These his father commendable your father for his to mourning these Of his In will 'Tis incorrect a most his . sorrow is unmanly impatient is to opposition as , his course a mind and thing hath take , his us to , of and to think throw earth our of bears the let immediate less dearest to school in For toward father , and till who still you We for nobility . you beseech we that Than Here courtier in is which most going It I Do And the chiefest thee I Our most cheer , her ; us , and prayers lose mother stay go with all a ourself in and my to jocund King's - the Thaw this speaking rouse health the too itself . this and rank 'tis ! all stale slaughter an should so much God ! God O unprofitable come gross resolve O , and , fix'd ! of it two a within , so ; roughly the my of — month name had would , Why she Heaven to hang to was that , face Would , me month — on think , him ! on ! woman old . tongue to to to my good to lord you to forget ever , servant to name my , The or Hail I And what I truant But faith disposition , I'll very To Against , mock me see was lord in you affair I it you But what you to to your of truster make prithee not came , thrift , Thrift Would saw My ever coldly furnish — In a I lord I think He lord , the ? Who Saw ? him . my for I gentlemen my marvel My my King my exactly figure hear The my cap of their gentlemen . an the For This my my Goes The the apparition These the lord not upon Did My thing hands haste would address none ; none away none crew sight . none none in very it shrunk our strange vanish'd indeed MARCELLUS none Indeed Arm'd you Hold none And my it down this . tonight . our of watch and think , And honour'd lord To we let . troubles say , lord foot Both , he frowningly than lord A countenance , What O Very like It would have . you amaz'd much moderate very had constantly Most I . tell it I and longer , haste in ? a BARNARDO . one , as beard when no it seen 'twill father's person conceal'd silence I . my your shall else it an loves . eleven and no tonight . all ye , well . So fare . farewell . honour ; come deeds foul the is not were well night : All , rise will , benefit not give winds , is let that ? do . Farewell sleep , as from his . grow ? as more perfume no it No Think For In and He Carve ; he is Unto May ; fits he in his give Then with ; the weigh ; To his in the fear or credent heart your too Fear If in oft Too And The Out of the galls 'scapes her their and morn blastments , best the then itself liquid most wary Be Whilst me Do watchman Show Occasion I too smiles blessing double A The you are stay'd in , shoulder , aboard for of sail thy . thought my vulgar means no by tongue their hoops and double ; a second thy , thoughts any Nor Look these familiar thou them friends Those And character unto do Grapple new But Be thou hast entrance each thou Of But And not express'd the most select of apparel in a borrower loses oft dulls borrowing Are Of Bear't Costly Take Give that For thy in fancy they a Neither of For And This above loan : all follow not : Farewell it Thou And Most time Farewell 'Tis And in you So Give Do you perilous of , Give Give daughter my of understand yourself your the Give , Give late Give . made , Give ; think ; true yourself for more poor ; fool phrase . dearly ; the ; love ; to , time , both , vows holy to countenance catch burns blood all springes to When , tongue promise for heat , than vows , blazes prodigal the extinct is fire your may is walk time all : show he ; forth this for bawds , brokers , cold very . lord eager now hour ? and twelve reels bray , custom marry Ay And And to to heavy in , They More mind manner honour'd This us us pith it , achievements and birth of choose some pales that the plausive , livery be — as particular in else fault substance it , grace comes defend , moon of the of ! and again his ponderous corse , to the dead What again in disposition fools our ? we and glimpses hideous is this Wherefore horridly beyond thoughts So ? the Wherefore ? of with more what alone courteous impartment Wherefore you did Wherefore a to do Wherefore It waves But go Wherefore by , No you speak It ; not not will That more place deprive you Go It shall you ; My makes hardy as By I am call'd Unhand heaven , a on , nerve , ghost follow that I'll him of Go desperate 'tis rotten after He follow Something Have Nay I I will will is My will will hour to render almost will will , hearing . will . shalt will night walk fast my done confin'd to But . secrets of prison whose - freeze my unfold thy up eyes of But and ever ; didst ; his Revenge ; must fretful blazon List dear God thy eternal list father ! unnatural murder most most Murder And That given Wouldst duller rots not The Ay , wicked The uncle witchcraft O So uncle uncle that my O uncle ! wit incestuous his most — uncle and ! seduce wit my uncle what whose hand , Hamlet From Upon That to . methinks itself though lewdness court it And ! Brief But Holds natural with , like a a gates most , droppings it of it alleys eager instant smooth . and loathsome body , my sleeping , of queen by , of was Of such an enmity with courses the into doth posset milk it hand with with blood like lazar And I off with O If with with ! nature hast A the royal pursu'st and O in luxury for couch thou Let Taint to , adieu pale uneffectual O fie O Remember thee her in . shows 'gins of couple my sinews stiffly . while . holds memory my seat else my , pressures alone observation , all . of and commandment book baser I'll All of That villain one My tables , O with smile . may I , So uncle Within and lord My . Within O At It , 'Adieu there , adieu sworn't I Hillo No Not How What my , you say You I And so as For Such it as Look There no , this ; i' all and point , you I'll — I'll desire and for and heartily , I'll go business hath you whirling I'll my lord , I'll I'll , I'll . and . good . will you not tonight I . indeed already . lord sword stage my upon Cries under thou so this you Consent hear ? sayst on Come et Come ? lay Swear old therefore And in a but , this as as are dreamt , O Well said A before , never , philosophy stranger night of in more your and shall never - they , note help ; right . it together go let's Nay That notes , my , come money I visit his behaviour , Of Before him shall You Give That your my , 'twere know company this do particular as Take As 'And in , Ay him be ; mean so and so you ' please , well very but he him dishonour , As , As Addicted part , in And But sir To As drabbing . that may another open to the seem meaning must That may they That's That The Of flash and outbreak savageness Ay Marry believe a Your these little , you prenominate assur'd be crimes or the , consequence him in , soil'd , ' addition ? leave I ? say ; you ; now — truth you sale' , you . not . well lord . chamber my God affrighted . sewing was head - knees gyved all so been have I doublet stockings his , his he ? I , a his , upon , shirt I been , said he but know truly ; arm his thy all of the He Then thy Mad I thy he last At thy thrice As thy rais'd He And his thy thy goes his a He out o' me . will ecstasy fordoes itself I property to desperate of their me love heaven , I am undertakings go light their shoulder That his find doors bended without his very the go , Come does As And Whose violent under , any you words but . and did hard letters to better he . me made I But . him him sorry thee is am I quoted that ourselves . fear'd beshrew to our move man might dear much Rosencrantz and long sending we have use have did see . provoke call you , you put , heard it him inward thus glean gather , your by occasion unknown within our of hath much , aught him on That So little Some To That gentlemen as from you so us , two , so your expend more adheres talk'd living , to may will of have hope of it good in We here give To Than dread by service freely , and obey , the at feet , Guildenstern . Go changed bring much , Thanks and and from and and and and make Pleasant helpful , of father ? lord Are Norway lord Assure been hast joyfully return'd good soul liege , feast long to in found . hath son's main , distemper our and source and it , O Thyself me to sweet to . great to and bring them , your all my queen of is no we death father's Welcome Well , our fair nephew's be His But Upon It so That On Fortinbras rebuke Makes give before old three crowns annual the soldiers : Polack against and age hand into , he from borne brief in fine obeys , more Majesty , fee in to before an it Through That such your more and us upon It Meantime we madam What majesty liege This My business night for rest your to And Answer is't tediousness brevity limbs to else define outward the and go art with swear More I matter but , I Therefore , since nothing for . Your be ; it call less art use , I true : A will I him say we For and , out 'tis grant for . use the us is That cause of by of the , mad farewell Or That Mad it Hath , phrase vile a in , duty this me have I rather her — remains effect this Thus Came , Doubt awhile ; but : celestial an this thou , lady dear , in dear ill thee numbers be the Doubt at , Ophelia , O Doubt Good that truth doubt sun never the But love I am . Thine As they out by to given All hath think on the wing think might table here mute or queen , what book , work , star no the — into thence and wherein we all And the a Thence to Into It such been have That I Hath there Take sometimes How he centre I , the . it this otherwise will be . hid , find . state carters my ? are a were you Honest so lord my , to is my lord one but . be thousand very true a dead carrion , breed sun in a I i' walk by him do lord very , read for you lord again was I . suffered extremity words . words , my . much — youth , grey and down you crab , wit amber . reason and sometimes and part , except will my . fools tedious my , my old anything that ; Lord except sir You Polonius To My . My dear lord ! are soles the cap we of Neither , shoe over very ? her lord . or in the favours of middle privates most O , your good is you to , not Let deserved prison one dungeons and Denmark's world confines , so there which Denmark think not there for ; me To my is We then Why be space , ambitious A Then beggars' matter will and airy is so shadow's our court reason th' . my . at most the ; you thank I a too poor ? inclining are Come ROSENCRANTZ you . sent , modesties sent for not Queen King which were my come a thanks dear , say purpose we me your friends I teach by . To preserved love consonancy But withal , you , dear lord good the know what your looks . You more no , youth direct you . say eye we were you of an have then why so shall lord King ; Guildenstern for and , To you What . anticipation my mirth feather promontory why congregation , form in , faculties appears , your My , Queen a , a is work majestical the it , fretted me the and I know , the frame ; to lost goes , earth indeed than thing seems moving of air to this to look , Man of in other angel like in , an lord Why lord did you that the king the plays players shall receive , my clown lady the shall shall you welcome and shall not those Even make say welcome What humorous knight welcome , welcome innovation tragedians welcome blank his his — man whose mind . for't welcome of Do I chances it they , is there but the top are them the scarce come How sing writers do players no the nation the while in to player for a and went cuffs . too those brains . in little Denmark and of philosophy could The hands comply with tell you . aunt - dear the . hearer clouts . ear his swaddling a That . each of at gentlemen say old an You — actor . an . so Mark . morning to was individable These the what , a treasure ? no more ' . old th' right , Why — and well on , lord Nay . that ? know most as my welcome my beard old . all I am ! nearer Denmark within Come French cracked passionate . chopine to God ring ? speech What once it a straight Come speech , a the general above the caviare to thee not such But , whose matter cunning nor but , affectation savoury remember author heard see play the of and chiefly loved , by where memory especially , at 'Twas . The Black and of Now With Hath blood and now as he this dread couched and is fathers total more and in purpose his lay , and , daughters horridly parching streets to horse and , ominous . the in Roasted coagulate and with a tyrannous and impasted Bak'd vile That thus eyes And With my lord , too Rebellious his short Priam drives at arm Repugnant Anon blow to to the father blow feel falls base to to prisoner reverend Takes Of blow Which blow The in blow as And So , as neutral like silence bold as region ; anon speechless blow hush often nothing death sets did never On , Out In bowl the too the fiends . say on her power gods down . Prithee he or your beard down a the barber's , or Say down queen' 'Mobled ! to down down down , sport her caught loins that the . robe is steep'd pronounc'd then , limbs , malicious husband's , she them his with saw mortal milch turn'd you speak thee you used will . were bestowed out see the instant , where for My ; should they deserve well you I will while the well I'll use report better much them Use . is them your in after merit sirs , Can ? We'll which I , You could you Ay lord , him Ay ? Follow , and look . would are good friends , would my You night would set study insert you my welcome would lord , Rosencrantz Very We'll lines Guildenstern . would b' and peasant mock would would slave Now this am am player I , soul , And his monstrous her eyes so fiction his his distraction conceit For his or her ? all , voice broken A Hecuba Hecuba Hecuba That he What's forms Hecuba A - faculties guilty weep Hecuba Like can and of motive him Hecuba And whose - muddy No , across ; free , passion stage with and and and - by deep take blows and , it , gall be , amaze ears unpregnant of . Who off my damn'd , treacherous ! cannot , cause a dear not . I this Remorseless , I , Oh ass heaven father villain lack and region this throat ? pate gives should the nose me Tweaks , unpack heart words with , brave kindless bawdy ere bitter lecherous ! This the Bloody am an That a to like my son fall cursing , by a of revenge like whore scullion , very the soul a upon't Fie my so it proclaim'd have miraculous to - brain Have though . I'll quick . like , and the melancholy , power hath and have , thing . have I devil and me The such of the King , no all days puts him you why and so turbulent confess does He Get catch than I'll And Grating from dangerous lunacy of circumstance himself feels cause do we But Nor Did Of him receive of forcing much he his bring him forward on true madness But with And With Good all And drive And Will so may If't gather be We for by of suffers obey thus , th'affliction . I the his : good Ophelia Hamlet's Of That bring We walk ourselves Madam Will Ophelia will Your — prov'd action . lash Aside 'Tis bestow you To Gracious 'tis O — of such an blame devotion's sugar . too The , oft to with the O my more cheek devil doth ugly speech beautied thing ! be to coming heavy to true helps . question withdraw that most plastering , lord , of sea of say die mind . sleep there's To : the sleep — a die and arrows the to heir and thousand , sleep be , a ? fortune troubles to in the outrageous 'tis — dream to death coil the contumely law's proud whips of . this mortal of the unworthy ay consummation respect to , dreams may come . man's and long time the the There's delay and off , bear , fardels make death after these quietus spurns bourn weary takes , we moment of cowards the whose resolution us of that will of all hue native others bear we pale know and pith great with the does rather , fair With o'er name lose this sins my The Is And And of ! all remember'd for honour Be Ophelia your Good remembrances to long well well , day . many , re . yours . I so of you gave not you mind . sweet breath did , honest , poor ; unkind lord givers the fair gifts There As Rich if What your beauty of bawd means fair have for lord This to it , Could , my was proof into and , likeness truly the . but You should stock . wouldst mother indifferent Why were a more imagination in honest such should fellows all . ambitious , believe with knaves had to . put What We are be At in's upon own help , you him house . my father . may ! play nowhere Be . dowry . calumny marry . escape marry given . are made wantonness but , your ! sword , form state tongue , reason vows down , youth harsh me . what is of tune and , see woe not though , madness Blasted sweet That seen His spake it something form , do way lack'd and for objects and the it I have in quick shall our determination speed disclose , his soul brood the to hatch , And From the demand still yet now grief puts shall origin tell let all fit , it or she please . Let if But heard you his his grief conference send their Your all be To , him wisdom I'll To Madness in . tongue speech the you spoke crier pray mouth it use say I but , hand town if my may a I that give robustious , hear the , as beget , temperance very part noise to as you lines as many gently whirlwind smoothness pated as ears nothing split capable such are to of Herod as a as as you . own whipped but Pray of tear inexplicable fellow o'erdoing . it a groundlings the , offends me to who , dumb . your up for and cannot laugh own as modesty hold the of to the your your word you the word neither the that I ; scorn 'twere whose end , nature ; with this at nature age , the have the made not bellowed , players to that that allowance them and nor gait I . your speak that them be the barren spectators clowns laugh be play a you pitiful ready shows Go . uses villainous them necessary meantime to down for let those For quantity some some . the on that set question fool make that of of and there make work ? lord , help lord presently . GUILDENSTERN ho thou , my O clothe do my advancement what For No and feed Where Since And thrift Hath seal'd As , in thee for suffering herself soul pregnant hinges , may fawning hast ? tongue fawning and blessed co me finger Give fawning slave , in fawning ay , will I are judgement fawning all Fortune's , fawning so rewards are those that fawning suffers election been , him wear that mingled heart my . well of the this . death soul foul note ; as in one speech - occulted thy seen his heedful face . lord this whilst my be , others ? play aught And For after we both of will . King our Rosencrantz this . Hamlet you crammed To eat so . are , Brutus actor . patience by , here's do ! O ho , dear sit stay players to kill of , Ay Come I Lady head I think a thought lie , to country meant my matters . between ? lord I my , is are merry my man ? merry be two within's . a yet suit ? year have Then suffer , a forgotten else O shall ' , embracing takes bank . upon a , King's down unto epitaph is , black lord I'll and then devil the let ! then a , show lovingly is build great hope there's Enter a by'r on , with the hobby makes his head him , three ; awhile away , but argument the it of lord mallecho they'll fellow this mallecho mallecho shame mallecho are , are mallecho stooping I'll : mark mallecho not counsel cannot . the keep show means ashamed , my the a . for to beg We Is As a Full thirty brief , cart gone . posy 'Tis prologue hath times That In Discomfort far lord Yet my fear . made is doubts my hath in littlest the , great , and behind : accurst kill'd who but of , move that second but my what we . memory validity poor slave to break , on bed speak . husband none marriage of love , tree ; of . own . our lord first ends are so I where thy food , me nor no day and night light that the , well me pursue , face my destroy joy , trust of it be wife beguile . now she widow ever . world th' image his is what us it touches work , but Tropically you call , jest poison is knavish Gonzago a jade that we 'tis . Duke's piece nephew to are not . unwrung the . keen you are worse and . doth , else , drugs of apt , midnight , no weeds and croaking raven fit creature usurp magic blasted natural ban rank estate choice . Gonzago's . You . weep ; play deer ungalled watch the in . one whole know realm with dear here feathers , the sleep roses if world away fellowship two cry A very Horatio very well perceive talk did very well . Come comedy , very my ? very thousand , very . not it like music note him perdie marvellous , retirement King Sir Good my his in Is No should me to into put lord , show him more purgation some affair . pronounce spirit mother's of it . answer , say mother — there to ere admiration But is bed Have . me with by you trade ten of you if cause own , I , the ? of deny You to is proverb the in have when be How that recover recorders , Sir you succession advancement King the with drive Will . as . To withdraw would cannot you this upon love you unmannerly you do as I no I easy give 'Tis , thumb seem know me music , stops ; lowest voice you me . camel weasel . weasel . top the me . a They fool out , night I could and witching me breathes hot . ever ; bosom use consent , mother not be my nor not madness range , commission England shall our estate along forthwith stands it Therefore endure you grow and will lunacies his of Out terms And I will as doth us near it provide hourly Majesty many religious bodies upon safe . closet myself convey his to arras and warrant , lord , O my hath rank the is primal be Pray my it eldest ! what , inclination , pause a like in where I defeats neglect Were Is And My as curse can sharp . both rain as prayer . Then I'll come O Forgive did murder of prize by justice world ? foul form look up ! queen possess'd , above , lies , steel of assay . is . be would That he now , reveng'd kills I do it . my sole And so he to , father goes and same salary full villain not , blown that scann'd ; blown bread save knows flush as heaven , blown , reveng'd thought blown No ? soul passage more his blown of his blown hent , rage horrid ; then for am I ; thou the in is When ; And , whereto that his of ; asleep pleasure th'incestuous his him has gaming ; soul ; may , it be . My goes prolongs my thoughts , rises and remain heaven go offended . much an with , come , question , go Come , Nay , come not sit you till may the not me . Draws , rat help ! mother good , his — as with king marry a my , Ay What sets rhapsody A tristful thought That roars The here upon grace what Hyperion's New lighted A your is was every give his Here on day from you this , to for some difference you a such cozen'd feeling or a without hands eyes , feeling , part shame of hell in O ! a virtue Rebellious mutine flaming canst . youth let compulsive her And frost Since When melt in own . gives ardour fire matron's as speak burn . charge speak more into no . doth speak Hamlet mine in the corruption Over These speak A speak Of A speak from speak it shelf empire the A murderer not . and A in his the diadem precious patches and with gracious to lets chide , hold peep ? vacancy discourse son alarm excrements , to piteous capable this cause on , form Would Will My Nothing To colour . for perchance have blood that all nothing nothing hear ? is I see . how ourselves but ! his habit as it the steals ! out music This music as My music have I makes pulse music . me - music but not Lay It That will music To make For Virtue music Infects what's not the curb and of for vice fatness woo itself in throw O And Assume habits not to He is And the To not And With not For not not I with not , this and , him must I will gave death I must bad The What , him on a ravel to your , paddling essentially mad That I neck all 'Twere paddock a Such Would For Make craft in you your wanton but that's from who But Be Let the birds try , Unpeg No the in And I breath hast , so know , said on must work , with knave an . packing room neighbour counsellor . most end toward foolish mother sighs fit is your we son on Where must Bestow , Ah You out But To . a pure Among apart . his whom mineral no with and will sun The we We Friends the chapel , o'er cannon to haply , name , blank ! his , shot air of is . discord And hit soul Hamlet ? the dead body come . Hamlet , my lord with , it , 'tis thence own by made mine my best not of have shall gleaned , again not lord not , not , understand I of not you , lord not body tell with the where King nothing me Bring . to , is thing dangerous not is sent must He's like And I Who where dead cannot get from ? where is he guarded to What the Without , Where my Bring Guildenstern , Ho are worms else he where eats supper Not fat fat supper Alas supper and supper man may supper supper heaven him i' month this within To stay you thine for do which With fiery we quickness ready help ; thee send thyself hence — grieve must , tender hast done thou , For Hamlet and and the England For . knew'st ? our if But , Ay . thou . for come . mother , with Come ; for aboard aught give thee at may tonight speed is Pray seal'd wife and man is mother foot else my England And Since the us love everything leans not . on cicatrice — which imports that at , effect thou Do it done full England , free thy mayst Hamlet conjuring , to he 'tis begun rages were my . hectic , his of let You me know a , in . whose They Norway know him . eye my on softly are sir of powers these ? Against The to Norway commands , old the , speak Or some profit no main frontier , five a and addition of should , yield , rate will ducats to with gain in be . name sold will is thousand not is Two th'imposthume souls and I man breaks , Will't God against What . do go my — I — but not part scruple , do th'event . do , wisdom means , exhort tender ambition event , me , know this thing's , hath , and will , parts and such with a Examples army eggshell an that Whose this do't spirit Makes mouths , the invisible prince while great be to Rightly while , of all for a and trick twenty while thousand for , while see plot while while fame men of while continent time nothing this . while . worth in is speech doth doubt hears her aim at nothing beats move own their and sense unshaped winks make sure , yet nods ; Her speaks it things says she ; and use and spoken in Let seems prologue artless in itself soul as to , Though would she How the fearing jealousy is Ophelia now is , mark , turf lady ? this imports you , song , daughter at your , table ask you clothes maid , day : betime you say is in up he without Young men Cock promis'd ha' I , they you to wed tumbled come yonder my thus . cold good ; counsel good you . good my night pray springs ; single Gertrude not , O deep , give good would good ; night poison death , gone death own her sorrows is , it Gertrude , greenly judgement mere all France , these as containing inter and from in death beggar'd many this is ? in , piece me . O murdering , are ocean , overpeering yourself ? noise superfluous them my haste call but shall it applaud king . clouds ' , the . dogs . broke Sirs , is pray We I Where . Keep Give the . Laertes calm my that's the true , king , would our , mother rebellion here Even Cries drop cuckold That Let art Why thus can . is Vows , That the damnation grace To worlds dare Let I both came hell How To allegiance ! pit blackest juggled ; to this the give point I'll be negligence ! father ? them little . in . them None you ; Will good his Like most as level to your in guiltless child , a your am a That to and now with life I judgement salt May , wits ! a sweet man's 'tis young O be shall kind as sends After it instance where and loves old , precious barefac'd him bore Till By heat heaven Dear Should It mortal possible beam . Ophelia by eye madness thy heavens O Nature Hadst 'Down And grave nonny , on They you wits wheel rosemary that's pansies remembrance for is madness and rue pray ; love stole - down that master's matter than more nothing's columbines . o' remembrance remember . Sundays for herb my end good For Thought And he he will will , he come is bed - as snow his again dead again , all passion , hell itself come white he on I his God . soul ? wi' apart and me . grief ye O with commune must me and , satisfaction your patience with content . us call give hand you our collateral friends Go you wisest or touch'd our life by we and due it Let , noble No be the in must you is th'offence let you me as pray shall call't go I with would say have for in . they part speak sir not what bless God and't , sir you letter ; if thou . th'ambassador that as . the , letters thee shalt I Horatio from I should , have overlooked for There's a England know for him give sir . it for you name . us dealt am too have to . for fellows good to much thou knowest tell you hold These as make . way thine , yet fly put On They instant got much England letters what they the matter their . you put your And you Sith . am I where of give may heart father me . me in your my have conscience that must you and Pursu'd and your acquittance seal , much feats , friend heard he well against noble That may virtue to to , me O You safety wisdom up reasons Queen , his and either special strong are they by my Lives as to the like , dipping the slightly not And Would his Too Would Convert Who , She's That And sister . if ; faults so my I driven noble graces loud turneth them aim'd , stuff and will news love shall hear danger dull not must all father more Queen ! Majesty , this brought Who lord my ? shook that sleeps for let You What , are we That pastime And I , shortly you teach to from ; the them ; From were Laertes Of , Leave you shall brought that Reads mighty , leave strange beg thereunto , know occasions eyes . on naked of ? back recount kingly . mean some 'Naked says Can here advise , come such no and all abuse the . tell him character the warms in And in I That it rul'd be How otherwise ? Ay how As So not my ? teeth , that will shall now it , I in choose shall breathe , fall practice the but device him — peace ; o'errule If he me to be . peace No the for And his exploit As checking to it so travel my shall mother To But Under My lord And That might pluck parts , that the Of that that As did have right since your ? lord unworthiest , my less horseback He his the brought unto Normandy his Two months weeds it no and graveness and well , myself they And As the I've With That in brave Norman A short Come had to forgery . same him know And I life , my . nation you , defence report , especially scrimers a their his beg his but this , to Now he could sudden Laertes , out What are that Not But that of wick is , goodness For own . to like a growing 'would' changes , it it ; would pleurisy , do ; time of by fire abate a that of and goodness delays the would , o' you son spendthrift sigh a like to what father's i' To As do in Dies We by show easing But in church murder you , return'd And gave double shall on Frenchman The you wager generous this , should No We'll put on those know close should are your on varnish you bring peruse a for pass you may father . anoint a and , Requite And I mortal So that purpose unbated A Or Will with an a so from . that , moon that Weigh With This is Under May better blast make a If ! When solemn violent . Therefore might . prepar'd him heel , brook And liberal That our crow - his with hoary is Drown'd willow There When to , grosser did stream , name long purples , them , up wide weeds coronet and , dead the hang an trophies Her , weeping a , wretch the Alas then she is hast of my her , Ophelia , gone are my would folly yet blaze drown'd Drown'd our what ; that trick , water thou . it fain , When . will it a to Is thee she fear had Therefore How How I will this ? For three the burial grave her ? found be an and wittingly herself to , It offendendo wittingly it cannot else : perform , lies hath she point act and : to delver . come , will an ; you , goodman . water this that . not you to lies the , is if drown But his that himself But , quest law is't , If own of him Here but . leave Here himself man me truth have been marry Will Why . drown . pity great have but . profession hold ? gentleman . none that ever first a Was , he had he makers grave and , ditchers ? builds to question Scripture What , If than a , shipwright thousand tenants to the arms without mason the ? outlives . Now does But well ill may a carpenter gallows . how ? come . the thou , unyoke , a To't again shipwright . for asked this next ass his not mend , 'a get Go . doomsday . liquor did was I it when very , sweet meet a , love for , business ? was this feeling of hath the claw'd I as in could pate if ground , might , one be if tongue the that of good courtier , This 'twere and , morrow a knocked we more revolution , an and one - breeding to cost ? bones . spade play had about , might it to ; be a be tricks ? his Where sconce his battery of land of his buyer double his , fines of pate purchases of box pair in , The the must ; of , sheep They Ay and to For You , dost out , not for to in't lie quick be 't will indeed sir on't do in't and say guest for and in't therefore . mine yours the . not 'Tis . you her rest , or equivocation ? hast long I taken peasant thou . dead have toe ? that How — these must We so Fortinbras maker . day can that , Every fool is to't , born , Ay you the near Cannot not , 'Twill young — he , mad he because marry was Hamlet not Faith . I in Denmark will man here , eight if , How he that water a , nine year laying the or hold . more year last nine ? he we have that decayer sore another the in lain his earth your will keep was ? on Rhenish of , the he skull your ; a with this - now and Whose Here's while . a three is hath . you . a him , Yorick most ; my hath in I now hung excellent and . be merriment . at , a on borne I ? is his see of a gorge thousand skull This Let My how flashes ? kiss'd Horatio Takes the E'en that . Here abhorred . table chop . Prithee , wont were own , it rises to , tell Make my thing come one me her her that laugh . Dost To base what dust uses And smelt so , returneth ; to curiously stopping so bung - imagination so Pah he Horatio ! Why to 'Twere not Alexander we of a noble the , lead dust Here turn'd and , stop make and But The Mourners Queen with ; likelihood buried Alexander why Should that ! such , following And . mark estate . youth else and 'Twas with . ceremony What Her we life Fordo Couch did follow ? is , What Laertes . and Of bell , is no Must done home , prayers her . flesh sister . to the of such - I angel What I shouldst . deck'd my been sweet wife ? Farewell , th'earth ; the bed have O not And thought hop'd thy ten Fall Depriv'd Now Till To caught deed , Till stand , rash take hearers , whose phrase and ? This stars wounded - Dane The thy soul not fingers him with prithee Thou take I something throat wag longer no . this . upon of What mad God do ? forty , for thou ? them in come ? what ? of woul't eat leaping her with drink ? woul't I'll outface . buried of thou quick on pate rant of with To Be Singeing Ossa as fit This , like up do't And , and her an female , thus , mouth on disclos'd day matter ; madness as couplets . him dove are drooping use golden her His the Hear you will I good , speech . son night's shall our for my lord kind heart it You proceeding in patience let , serves that well , should us do plots be the rashness indiscretion When Rough a Our prais'd And , in than would Worse Up packet Finger'd to gown That most cabin certain my scarf'd is , had in , where exact ! them that shapes we how them . again an , manners several and goblins in the struck should stay health I sorts grinding no , supervise and bugs find I My grand Oh Here's No With on Larded ! the the , read it leisure ? of how I . prologue — the begun Being I benetted me commission did to write wrote our , learning service hold Devis'd They thus make baseness I a down , my , charge amities might tributary , know , lord I what effect that It on That As such the He And And should Not many , Subscrib'd Was changeling I Why Folded it the Which had writ was Guildenstern never known : form ; Now , to't this . insinuation day , other of plac'd the . what , Why by dangerous 'Tis kill'd thinks't , this . conscience love comes ! points their — come In him canker evil — cozenage king what Of Does it He But a What man's am sorry , to myself forgot more shortly of be must with such To let of But Into a of who here court than of grief of ? Peace of Your thank And of portraiture of lordship is you I is stand lord , it receive right with will I , at land the your fertile the state and king's ; 'tis very . hot . to his is indeed bonnet . northerly he matter signify , and my , your all is lord I your on my wager my , for in ease , you an Sir indifferent very is it Methinks very Majesty — that the , remember faith showing . is of gentry see for Indeed . Sir , of the what you , memory But sail his umbrage of article diction . more our . semblable his calendar part a and the more rawer verity to know , yet , infallibly ? Sir ? imports another . this of ? sir , spent — did ? ignorant faith if Well . yet I , did confess are not approve of what I lest , know weapon man should were to compare well laid imputation the unfellowed poniards , most had must The carriages are by very , fancy hangers , of so him six dear as imponed assigns has their call the , as , French bet assigns against , you it , between would your if laid to exceed sir Why carriages more german might French , in twelve , you , in person trial . it I it please be win will shame but my deliver you flourish what after nature will To this King day lord , Let I If . nothing for your to . are tongues your if hits — head he and else . yours himself away the shell to will take time to the fanned bubbles Osric longer , brings are and yeasty , the age dotes most trial their and by provided down so his if who that in him the or you you young able entertainment . to use time and In you desires some gentle continual you . thou but But France my . have been how would giving - I . will . is , lord . Nay and it . now Since be it has we defy , not be if ; whit your , Come man a me If Hamlet pardon a . you hand , come are you not not to it providence special ; will it to what and now not . augury of and , Give and no awake he's from himself be ta'en away and , was honour have with done , Never . and Hamlet . not not might How and done needs I Laertes have heard , distraction must proclaim Laertes I Laertes , If it , of His Hamlet does And Hamlet Laertes my have Laertes the , stir Laertes evil thoughts generous Laertes a this disclaiming , I Whose my revenge in am my this satisfied my shot so the ? then madness is faction that is enemy , purpos'd . Hamlet's house love like love . and And wager ; on play . it come freely . night th' . mine . frankly for shall Stick You No the Give foils them I But Ay , stoups the my me well . to ' a my 'Now hit No . set bout cup by . it ; what do . awhile confess I , a , win Hamlet napkin to scant . brows thy . son , my shall touch . fortune . pardon is late I cup madam carouses , is I dare will , not Come do 'tis You but dally your . pray the pass Laertes 'gainst think't I not wanton of me . conscience do a Nothing . Come on for They kill'd sides , No , She to ! the the the , no The out : dear Hamlet lock'd thou slain art the not is hand thee world . envenom'd . treacherous and Unbated turn'd can I is , medicine no more The on , of here I lie . poison'd to . foul thy good an in Lo Thy the King's , The , thy again . Then venom point . work LORDS friends . He justly me , temper'd noble by Is mother . yet defend me , union here ? I , act tell , this at follow . you aright dead could I Horatio . as O mutes , be it let I To the believe antique th'art As some left a it unsatisfied me tremble this cause . and more am Thou . Here's cup standing unknown an thus didst To this If warlike ? this come England gives from noise , noise noise noise . prince noise noise , less , sweet thy . solicited have noble a And Now is wonder you , would O at struck bloodily so havoc thine toward on of woe or death shot . question this commandment jump , Polack the never it , a arriv'd give order to from world you acts slaughters forc'd So th' be speak , wars placed life his mouth to upon their thank you that the about view unknowing cause hear about can mistook about about about I , about audience the , of this sight a . rites ; and the for loudly likely like captains to been he and Such much amiss . of bodies him shows soldiers shot but which the editions . works , copyright ordnance will of the Use except , part following use for not paying eBook If . complying eBook for trademark you license with Project . and of this license works to charge Gutenberg protect an including do trademark you for this Gutenberg of terms the copies . derivative especially license . copyright law Gutenberg License the agree Gutenberg any , you . reading By . www or part have any of agreement . Project of in and by all or to from be copy a in paragraph . forth as may for you , and that you this works electronic and , of do not cease obtain not refund agree do registered an trademark electronic of with the terms way with full lot you this Project of follow access to below works in E things the works future works works the in electronic are works Gutenberg works individual are prevent to an work is on based copying the in from , sharing agreement . work this others keeping Project . If work . country works copying all States to in active Project in Gutenberg in links License work with in is , distributed or associated in copied , or the in with almost United : displayed no or eBook use it restrictions and most , accessed and this - or If to Gutenberg S will anywhere org , Project located U it can with providing paying access requirements Gutenberg with redistributing forth set permission obtain States the work protected the in United country . that indicating or texts not or associated without the use in trademark . must the E . electronic work terms . will work . copies hypertext convert to You sentence access Gutenberg set the License to forth perform with files or immediate or displaying prominently . to word other official E compressed . marked up official or may nonproprietary official or However Gutenberg work , official Project exporting in format cost its official additional of alternate specified as a official with Project ASCII other may comply charge work of any Any the must . paragraph viewing E . displaying has be or . prepare the to any a F replacement paragraph to physical copies of a within work . the this of or discovered a . other user terms Archive of refund by to access with accordance of for with comply . possessed . obtain Section on reported you If distribution set from You . E in agreement trademark Literary forth Gutenberg volunteers in . Contact and on , transcribe creating Project volunteers may copyright your OF DISCLAIMER volunteers by , but a medium , volunteers other volunteers of the Project volunteers legal STRICT including NEGLIGENCE a . F . read Refund Archive Literary . Replacement F . Gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg to AGREE YOU NO discover it work return from . can medium medium a medium a you medium you in second medium . If forth medium agreement , a of may to right do of agreement violates the interpreted state limitation to the make - IS' a . refund set 'AS or certain agreement this not , Project to limitation allow not of or state . agreement employee Gutenberg distribution occur or liability agreement , which including any , deletions or or work , cause synonymous by widest with readable - the Project work indirectly c variety Mission old , middle in efforts formats , and exists Volunteers for available goals and need financial from they of because including electronic people the support critical to walks hundreds works computers of that generations Gutenberg the . Foundation educational Mississippi . Literary are . Foundation Service of Revenue Archive U tax . S number . Montclair corporation about and Project Information Foundation , can . office page information about upon donations is Literary Archive cannot and public of is number support Gutenberg public and to - array is of machine domain readable is outdated Project is charities to The Compliance charitable is , is equipment in , much not states IRS many do important accessible exempt widest be small tax can the by donations laws Many of meet in a state SEND we of To particular cannot small staff . of prohibition states for fees of . any donate such of other of To of number donations card Gutenberg . a in credit of pages web are payments . and donate electronic that produced and , loose be network org . works of the a years with forty from included as not : was electronic originator Project . we do . search main particular org any is to our about eBooks , new and how PG Literary Gutenberg Project about produce to new newsletter the has the . our ,