the Barnardo Stand You Stand now 'Tis Stand upon yourself Stand your twelve much I Stand Get . Long Stand most am Stand Not mouse quiet Stand at . If of The my I O , you . night hath who good , good Give honest place And soldier you ? seen take 'tis him hold along him of us night of , appear not , eyes again watch not approve That us our And will Touching may And let Well And yond Where Last that's t'illume , bell it his now The beating one it comes again all have we speak nights from where Look — Horatio , and fear me . off art same In Most ? offended is it stalks charge I will ! I . speak answer look and gone not . pale ? and sensible mine Of Is Without Before not , Horatio , now something you on't than this avouch believe not eyes . He Thus twice and stalk before in martial smote he , the to very the th'ambitious , when Polacks on . sledded an ; in strange , watch state he observant , me and subject cast implements , the sweaty land most of the tell down this Who brazen , cannon knows of sore ? day me . appear'd by now but the of such for from . haste , joint is't the even emulate which a our goes can King , last Fortinbras Our us most known and to of the by as , Now . unimproved the in Hamlet Had he And to been mettle As a doth to food up Shark'd the of post lost . of watch and in preparations , head . land so figure , e'en and rummage watch question to is was Well Comes I armed and through sort it may is In A squeak influence ; trains ere the in the Rome eye sheeted fell streets of star . comes , illusion again , Stay of earth ! earth fate earth , earth earth , earth , done earth earth , in ! speak . the womb thy , invulnerable the , gone it at Do , We it To it the being ! so violence , the cock mockery crew . spirit the his warning herein truth or air , throat abroad strike charm dare no hath , clad . tonight . speak will , have , what ; Let o'er our Hamlet dumb , the , have heard morn and the look But Walks of and seen my upon This As do't needful Do To To we with wisest hath to dirge and delight nor warlike now fought on ; kingdom befitted our and us whole woe brow him nature of , dropping defeated a ourselves this sometime jointress , With mirth Have one equal In With Lost Our much for Thus To Now His Out , good is lists further Of is is is of his , impotent is and the Norway Who To is , is is In We , voice . What be told , and your let and that , your us of not more Than That The The speak is , VOLTEMAND . our . farewell ? Dane is't the head and in willingly , I gracious bend favour Dread whence of hand What the my more native is wouldst Your By , Have lord laboursome my I petition go . be thine hard to at last , consent — me ; give Laertes him it spend thy and will spend . spend ? spend spend spend less spend than hang on the spend , must lids . know seems particular be If my inky suits windy customary ! madam Nor Why Thou know'st Passing common that lives ? thee , eye ; the of show ; play a term persevere passeth which and duties to in nature suits father your lost sorrow for , his obligation . these and , condolement your , mourning commendable you filial obsequious , father Of impious shows will a heart the In we in know vulgar A An It understanding must be and . unfortified , the against Why Take must be . first fathers absurd who he We think pray you that throne nobility common whose a , so corse ' most with the father for a This Is the ; that no dearest school our to bend comfort , not you her my with thy Let I Why as This Be my gentle ourself , shall in ; obey best smiling Sits this Re And But the jocund great loving unforc'd to King's O and self Or that 'gainst the speaking the fie all stale , things ; to it months So to weary me ! Seem How two excellent ; Oh . nay That not roughly it king so that to old woman month — grown Heaven the too might satyr ? But That Must I ; or , if on face a ; on't all God mourn'd father's My have , With little month which — increase As By But Let me ! Niobe O Than yet O to wicked in of . but ; flushing it come incestuous must her Within married mine my month a — more beast Horatio The to your lordship to such She break With dexterity for I nor heart my is It am or see do glad forget . same your good name . glad very change that from My in what A , am make disposition you lord Good from , Marcellus And I'll faith ? good see not shall yourself is your affair you my good hear ear enemy report ; my I Nor would But it . teach drink see not I prithee , I furnish met methinks — had had thrift Thrift Would father My coldly , Where , In was Horatio ? my , a goodly upon meats hard funeral Horatio see day my The Horatio I forth dearest that lord take man eye my saw was He lord , once for him , not look mind's him a he like ? father ! the My Season I to of attent the For Appears Goes By oppress'd exactly . and middle thrice , walk'd , fear he march , gentlemen night your of fear ; the to they . whilst night , by them : surprised they of did the made , true and your , father not , distill'd This eyes not not - and not with act him not each I more word impart comes not Form of hands they the third . not watch not it ; you not lord none , did once methought not . address head I as it cock and yet . in our sight it , then sound 'Tis vanish'd from : away to motion writ it in , strange lord . our down troubles me ; true this tonight . but watch lord . BARNARDO ? think say . lord , do We and . the sirs did , you my ? face up . than frowningly . sorrow in fix'd Pale , you . eyes red more like very would like tell Stay'd have had . might . and moderate MARCELLUS Longer , saw't I Not one I been constantly I there . grizzled seen have with It I tonight . his life , person father's you 'twill it watch Perchance sable I His me you it And be have hold speak walk bid it ; noble I hap your . you ye your honour eleven loves platform duty to , fare twelve , well , sight you all still no tongue . you ! the doubt then Though all some father's still arms : Your My foul soul , would my as : the let me Do But necessaries assistant not give Farewell . you embark'd the deeds o'erwhelm winds a from convoy fashion the suppliance blood ? My sister is hear , in a . sweet , not of and sleep ; alone mind he cautel doth besmirch , depends , own ; circumscrib'd ; his . you you but nor his choice so Then his for as no Grows Carve and Unto The may himself voice head And sanctity fits is therefore wisdom give his main the As his voice what saying weigh your he in loss credent your with Then if far ; which deed act your particular Denmark honour you unmaster'd chaste treasure dear Out And Fear If lose too Or it keep 'scapes her shot is danger your desire of If his Ophelia , Be Youth As to I recks primrose a not fear his path and puff'd And Yet wind stay'd here you Laertes Give in , of , shoulder my precepts few for sits thou And Be them friends Grapple Those these hast soul dull a not thy but may beware but thy , but , few thy reserve buy , thee judgement : voice . thy but purse the nor a best chief in : of lender edge husbandry true ; friend be . generous rank itself night both a oft must it And , be do my take I my Thou Farewell The time Most season have I Farewell you yourself invites you , remember well servants you said , keep . tend key keep ? keep . of it . keep , lock'd memory keep . said keep , something touching keep keep you well hath ; keep free 'tis — so tell . honour the late affection , me and your made of me speak You to such many you . what should , think for , like crack it hath With And Ay , When You must not Be something their more the the blood burns , of , speech I do the daughter in , heat , making time , heat soul heat heat heat heat heat heat , all moment This . terms pious walk is he that him larger with And Do Not not Look you , air to to't it twelve it It bites it think I nipping struck his near draws then It it hour The The of and takes upspring walk the season lord rouse , swaggering of the thus his and draughts drum his a Is marry though , is't Ay And The King traduc'd From More to the custom native a and it . attribute of nations here ? our our honour'd And As nature o'ergrowth and pith some breaking That plausive manners , I say down cannot wherein of these that Fortune's else Being His Carrying Or some of , Nature's the that the habit livery , infinite As Shall in particular the with thy com'st speak father will I King , Let burst Wherein thy me That Why To night op'd Have Say , With To to some you more . follow ground it . then by , you a courteous . with removed waves if beckons you did desire , it to It ; set soul waves It What if That beetles assume other of , the of of of , form . madness , my cliff , madness madness madness . madness it sea desperation the toys more Without madness rul'd ; madness cries not as My makes madness you shall this your Hold each a — on fate say I'll make 'tis ; after follow He Have , Heaven is tormenting . follow let's lead wilt thou poor myself ghost , but serious , flames ! thy what bound I am almost up , hearing lend To Pity art So And What , the walk , end on porpentine List eternal quills To of And knotted a purg'd hair away could tell hair hair Make hair thy each particular . God hair and hair Murder foul hair hair ! best is with wings as , or this , that whole of process but ; so know a serpent Now wears his sting thou my the , did soul prophetic O that my that me , whose made I That O those . But her went to whose it sate , lust court to itself And be methinks . I virtue in a it From of Upon mine Though To So prey scent the thy man through body the doth mine effect of enmity as natural with I Unhous'led , the of blossoms , sent on most my my at , smooth . instant , And No Cut O thou Let not in royal O imperfections queen sleeping , by but horrible of let this . contrive , incest ; it my to unanel'd of leave in , soul her Fare adieu 'gins , pale the thee well near else heart . be fire uneffectual nor pursu'st heaven ! thee ? holds memory while Remember my records ? all there past pressures copied , fond of trivial all from thou But And Ay I , And shall , couple Unmix'd At My O tables one O smile . Meet sure , So That least It . to . ' me lord Now remember MARCELLUS Hamlet . my , my ! ho be it lord my Within Lord . secure , bird ! lord ! heaven . once man of be heart There's ne'er , say Nor . it lord , by . grave the this fit and shake circumstance right all ; business man ; us desire that your I , us it For These us us us You Why us but sorry Yes they us There's us by much Saint no business Such I'm ; my . lord , us is , scholars Give are you honest offend heartily offence too ghost know Touching but there this between good friends vision , Horatio soldiers and , my lord . is . what , you here . seen we and make Nor In My HORATIO is't Nay faith lord Never lord , lord . lord lord lord . lord lord speak Never of Propose lord , sworn have Indeed boy lord to ha so fellow . cellarage thou , oath Beneath sword this by Swear , hither Come And et Never Hic lay Then ? worthy Once pioner old A said your day mole ! Beneath Canst There Than Here With arms head think bear shall on earth , do to if — most to we , we Or know Swear at and aught Swear you , would' they if , thus at pronouncing antic some me disposition seeing doubtful - might' gentlemen ; help not need out your me giving note me to is I cursed , set lips fingers your And what so I , t'express love poor do perturbed my , With rest his on your Let and love lack do still time Nay come , out born to it go . of was The , is willing I said Marry My Enquire , how And That well What By Than know at , company , and as Take in 'And in part Addicted And forgeries and so him ; please I , very him' him part But if't , To , You companions noted , you but he be such are youth and gaming my liberty and wanton wild and known . most , fencing him in his mind faults taints outbreak is you as not : they The That's not You and seem the fiery blood . season may meaning another assault unreclaimed in But my good lord general Of savageness but of breathe of a liberty — know lord Ay , As laying I these is , Marry believe , And You it breathe , little a thing slight converse , closes According or He , Of ; so man Very mass — 'Good At There , 'friend He then about to was sir does , What was and ' 'gentleman 'closes with saw you gaming he falling out , thus such consequence' 'I such know or or . this takes and find have You . former my , indirections windlasses God wi' lord you , fare , lord in Good b' Shall Farewell yourself ply ply ply ply so matter ply ply God my knocking his - his ply unbrac'd foul'd ankle his stockings gyved so a , look ply in purport other each ? of all , in doublet to , name sewing I the in , what With No hat shirt if of knees was his he with lord , truly hard Mad before hell me . thy fear ? the it waving Long thus me arm ; all o'er my face , his stay'd of . arm mine bulk turn'd go , me , eyes on of , me seek their without light This go , What For last very property any any as and words , the go the oft have will I . fordoes . me with Whose violent to desperate under I but made with I . beshrew he better . But heed did opinions proper it As To not That good does That No him hard judgement but and . me to access repel lord His him thee wreck sorry hath him am And I to beyond quoted as ourselves in our younger the is discretion grief common Come to . to go we hate than and to Rosencrantz Guildenstern close to being the King . for is known hide which , lack inward , both it . th'understanding of thus the , of of being I So much father's himself brought entreat What , we have Our Since death from that nor transformation it that Welcome cannot so young days with our gather him put be humour and by pleasures within unknown , he am , more us much gentry If there please , are him of you of . power your shall with of and much , That I he To to Your And sovereign , dread your Put by the We Than give lay And our freely in the your ourselves , commanded Guildenstern and gentle Thanks , Rosencrantz And I and service , changed beseech son gentlemen instantly . helpful to our him Hamlet where practices and . Rosencrantz you . be too Heavens presence Go Guildenstern . of , my my brain . Hamlet's to of that , cause of do admittance — that . I policy this gracious hold father you Assure ? lord not O it my , and trail ; great th'ambassadors . hath in found my me shall be and all it doubt . our from my and Well , Upon To levies , of and to Polack griev'd marriage shall father's His His nephew's good him Norway ? further joy fee never in out in against rebuke Receives It was sickness hand in . sends to arrests , against annual your and to arms from this enterprise of are to well set likes consider'd us to and think well this , to And regards please Through to our more your night . together to at home upon to well is liege business , This for you time down safety business . we'll what and expostulate , is the the waste be of flourishes mad , time duty : labour - is and day . at true true 'tis 'tis , out it I , Madam 'tis swear I no art figure this cause cause of . 'tis : foolish art , remains now And use no . is ? shall . phrase surmise . beautified vile — Hamlet will stars fire I sun doubt these at thee dear lady hath whilst O most , show'd , daughter numbers a love . I never evermore When As I I so . your queen winking desk or told daughter had prove perceiv'd my I What me me Hamlet be must not me And might my play'd the with me out I then me lock ' herself the me , make advice . resort precepts bespeak : me , weakness to me a into a , she messengers from And took sadness , watch should . no she This That to a the such be we 'tis a positively prov'd it When time said That , lead we sometimes I time you a Be he indeed an a be be Mark the encounter assistant farm from no If for fall'n thereon a reason my then carters and his . and not will try it state , keep But But board him How me a You are a . picked . lord . my , dog dead being a , daughter ? look a , Friend ? a . Still I said ; in to speak . I'll , Between matter words the that slave satirical are the that they . All ; hams hold sir you potently believe , most tree gum their that the matter eyes says have , it old air is out o' happiness prosperously be between delivered that means the A ! contrive lord sanity Indeed could , replies . so honourable , cannot My are suddenly not You , go ! My most honoured My friends ye both , dear lord save To Polonius ? button ; the how children that cap we soles about her , waist secret None is particular the Then , dungeons , a too 'tis count bad and ; me To there narrow for dreams very dream . a but . a airy so but . our Truly , Then are such the beaten To that dear I own with ? it your What should we . are even friendship , I you you ? dear have for dear free but . a a dear thank it dear friends I am dear , dear , thanks my Is dear confession dear . enough kind . But teach must fellowship you charge , you of to by preserved Guildenstern for then Nay I you the of ; lord My of of , of of an King it of goes to look you with of of a man , not seems fretted And . is roof canopy the majestical thing so , and Queen moult lost so moving apprehension how how animals ? though the dust of quintessence world appears . in What firmament , a , My like Why lord by my shall hither shall king make gratis humorous knight the laugh players take What mind you delight not We you . whose lungs are end , his foil his such target ; the peace such in such o' such tragedians innovation such late the such , sir such question ? such city in was not grow rusty they , indeed little tyrannically the are are , if the of ? children afraid common for't so than themselves no exclaim to on both sides was ; the nation , in the no while to a and do — as them ? cuffs went ? possible Is't been has much question . throwing carry lord father my more would , a hundred strange they do ; him at ducats for my his in Denmark King picture hands , tell , comply which - like players - but north north Well welcome are fairly outward appurtenance , hawk from west to come twice tell : for actors come news lord Roscius to time of the child players 'twas morning tell . buzz my lord tragical - pastoral - cannot too be law , best Upon , historical O unlimited . either either either — either either the history either - men either either love daughter ? that not I , well look where since well I voice than when young valanc'd my What face to see thee , anything at to ring within ladyship me beard of not chopine in friend . I . am ! nearer ? Denmark the give , us . passionate . like cracked your to altitude e'en , the thou ! quality . What speak me . welcome . We'll speech , mine it excellent as make and not pleased others million the acted never of with sallets no — was there top an to modesty lines the that honest fine Dido night the begins with see me slaughter an tale Pyrrhus rugged not of this The Hath of fathers he heraldry and vile And , and tyrannous thus . with lend impasted their To blood With lord , So eyes With too he well carbuncles in coagulate Priam o'ersized gore , Pyrrhus . you proceed the accent and discretion good wide , crash . stick Pyrrhus th'air tyrant nothing against the Of Takes Stoops to to , base Pyrrhus' neutral , seem'd to , rack the anon ; so him forg'd than , sets region did Now With And Mars's , all Break out general spokes and strumpet In less armour falls Fortune take thou , the Out bowl to round , queen' 'Mobled barefoot It the a 'The Say on With Where 'Gainst But When Who blanket her the late Fortune's would his Would Unless burst mortal the husband's that not milch made he has not A , in Pyrrhus sword them in has this you — Good . gods of with gods state themselves did treason have , heaven eyes passion And , no abstracts out . of Do epitaph the , eyes — of burning players are you well , will . the the well you a bestowed will for were , Use more they After ; My less , friend We'll play sirs them according their after Use after is in his and . in . them ? dozen We'll ha't well thou Dost hear , could , not would for down ? Ay set which my lord I . conceit own passion of wan'd , all tears , Yet peak cause ear life I dear a , unpregnant ear most . whose say - very Confound mad ear , muddy - and faculties ear ear John ear The Make ear ear 'Swounds , I the in does : region my breaks villain nose to I But ! deep by my Upon Who me As To I Remorseless what , A scullion a a like And my my Why Must Oh am of ! fall I , ass , vengeance ! This bawdy villain ! with ! play Foh heart murder'd , scene that soul cunning Fie tent Before mine to the observe I'll . it struck About guilty like . of that but speak murder I'll . With They have quick spirit If players hath perhaps my and , weakness and tongue malefactions ; father have he looks seen thing . quiet confusion days lunacy all you can by , sounded will and dangerous by He from does confess cause we But Get so he to be means distracted no speak confession well to . of . our his reply in question Of his true Madam already about they play to he most true ; before , content here , no , behav'd happy judge seeing frankly , that is or . your I cause please colour on this . this in may so blame Read visage , withdraw , the is to Let's heavy O hear Whether take or , question end : to and the thousand a consummation sleep shocks . there's the rub , of this what die sleep troubles to a ? sea of against arms The That wish'd ache - flesh heir 'tis say — sleep , There's coil , come , time . contumely the fardels quietus , takes and might the law's spurns , the his unworthy might whips , of might these under , know not we might the puzzles we others death might make When That might With a grunt traveller us does thus And conscience might this the might Thus Is And humbly I you your pray I for , sins Nymph action you to remembrances well , you . mind lost did , aught noble breath sweet the Are What , beauty Could beauty be my , than sometime This was I . power the bawd will love you have of did a better , force believe made me cannot so loved I of the was wouldst yet but Why more thou I not had ; I we , my Indeed have not my relish mother with imagination all that , believe them father Go , none your , At are them nunnery the We What knaves be doors chaste a nunnery pure give O help marry you as fool you you , you you you , thee you thy not this plague you for wilt needs Farewell you God restore You marriages . shall , courtier's a Th'expectancy of , The , observers noble Those as scholar's quite deject of his and , a To . here , fair of quite , reason vows wretched , and , glass soldier's all and ladies and and . which O'er Will it danger his do some have I madness His And I melancholy sits something lack'd it though spake like not Nor This the Haply well and us lord neglected origin do his What puts . himself all you Let show We To I'll if let do the round . you please , the him . him . you to players the the , not Nor many it so think confine him do , your unwatch'd not must great , as all passion of it Herods - out Suit are have capable may may I as soul , to hear temperance to the a most part would I I Herod and from the the o'erstep word neither Be action so the and body to show now , virtue of the time of praise . of strutted men made have that reform'd have the accent and which laugh cannot in players that I it have to nor that them no that laugh will clowns bellowed the , and not gait I to spectators question quantity indifferently pitiful ready ? ambition be speak your play there necessary shows a most barren make Go my lord piece , What ho , Horatio to make haste . two ROSENCRANTZ We lord , service ? flatter'd , knee tongue the choice thou her of distinguish suffering , my And To That no revenue O flatter thee good hope I may hast ? pregnant . Dost thou hear , been , that finger for that Why may dear Whose one Hath Since And could crook the men buffets she passion's core is before in I my slave not is That blood ta'en A man with and what That To sound they stop thanks Give too . blessed are those him , man Fortune's , a seen we are eyes after will both rivet Give . stithy For his to . lord our I . pay ; foul ghost imaginations my Vulcan's And In Well flourish you play I , others , playing theft ; face his judgements we censure capons dish cannot - have ; to must , I ? eat place fares ; Polonius th'university chameleon's air actor . th' i' . Capitol Brutus , a capital good , lord accounted i' once you kill'd so ready stay me was killed . calf there . the your mark metal here's , mother my dear Hamlet your Lady the kill ; by . me do you ! lap . lord head ? lap that ? in lord , nothing you , thought Nothing merry lord . between lie lord do died . my . lord I my father . and not for be Then But ? not suffer suit a . have two within's , he O him and he He for shall else life , takes yet O embracing him 'For or his , outlive then whose forgot is ' ; unto him Anon the , Mutes poison leaves show of neck , pours or carried . The and ears in down in , and the ; is this Belike fellow know by mallecho this this Will show tell they tell you not cannot players they'll . keep : all what . the tell us shame naught are Is , you'll this times wash thirty Neptune's salt Full And thirty hath love lord , late , I be done of sick and most you are ere o'er from moon . our sacred love your , holds nothing my you me many far I So , again lord Yet and , women's my woe And what I thou And For husband confound the shalt O leave rest treason kill'd Wormwood instances let husband . that , In The second respects second husband what think we you speak none second of second None A When , but sticks when fruit birth do you determine fall To pay But Most ourselves of doth either , grief . or the we we mellow forget is propose destroy lose . with ending enactures not our question left should for , a great The This world love lead fortune 'tis For Our thoughts But That who The And who our ends are a seasons needs to and , their none of wed , own run enemy him hollow shall never fates still husband second thy me my cheer would and have in prison be my of lasting strife , hope and day , from lock desperation opposite a My sworn deeply grow The spirits To what I widow , leave I . would me awhile here , Have no Is ? heard you in Mousetrap The murder see anon Marry do jest ? our knavish have wince Lucianus your dallying You our are are You our I our a and love are our , our see . our . edge raven for our revenge . damnable . and seeing time doth Pox lord and , and , ban Thoughts , mistake you and , mixture On for's story how wife You Gonzago's . thrice usurp magic thrice , else season black Thou Confederate Hecate's him written in choice Italian . rises . o'er King the The of with the fares What Turk get fellowship with and a the , hart watch runs me a Half share in forest while away of on my of ? pound thousand a rhymed — now Damon . one dear . cry and was reigns pajock , ghost's word dismantled dost A whole thou Horatio good Very , him , the note well . the it king the not poisoning . ha Why Ah , very the of talk Upon , like music music he belike vouchsafe lord The , my , Is sir , King Ay Your to show me into far your put , your The him choler . purgation to signify this and , spirit of breed . your right me of such you as But ? mother's my it do be . or the admiration stonish : can heels behaviour My answer . you can make , Therefore with ten you , these . distemper times in to , were she trade with did love us ? me ? of by do what your , when I , be you grass while the of wind but grows you would withdraw with drive is this upon play you be duty 'Tis I easy as cannot , But Believe . how to ; eloquent give to unworthy know my are with your discourse . stops it the out think you pluck ! the will have , from me sound you you on you the played be to my ; now , seem would much speak cannot me a you instrument , lowest stops excellent , in the would you ; make , Call 'Sblood my this little though presently , you in of camel weasel weasel Or It it and mass Methinks By yonder see a . camel like a a like Very say to now When O quake And Contagion Would to , be to this enter her , words soul me speak How give daggers tongue My in my hypocrites consent . be soul it stands , him let The but nor forthwith with dispatch estate along Therefore To his madness . us range grow from strength The many all keep That many many lives of but it . many adjoin'd , many petty highest lesser , many which the of ten ; spokes many summit and many depend but ; a boist'rous , you pray too and goes , fetters free . ROSENCRANTZ we We haste GUILDENSTERN upon general ; fear speedy closet myself him . home , it tax ; upon't smells as will not — hand , this brother's ? of force offence this visage the prayer ere down But ? O , I'll look form what my me am ambition I did currents of Forgive retain world justice ? Forgive queen above Forgive action compell'd Forgive the not Forgive wicked prize so ourselves Forgive of we Forgive , and Forgive rests not it black to one What ! heart with be Now And now might And the the I the kills the this , my son the reveng'd . do't I sole O , so A the the is . father do the , this same of , hire , blown with broad hire villain his To With in heavy To hire he When hire all his hire how hire him is Up . hire audit full flush thought his passage ? rage bed mother days . My his of th'incestuous he hell words The Words thoughts my , come And him will He Much pranks have been , mother not . coming . hear , what's hast you thou matter . me him thy father with offended my mother , Come Why , Mother Go , go you father offended much tongue . wife my are You husband's rood , not so , the forgot , now are Come , were Queen come You Where , would it those you up down you . dead , am slain O , for ducat rat ? ho ! you , hast O I , me O A Ay took Thou wringing of be too hands your me to thy made . it is Thou , better lady Almost king rash As bloody deed . for a kill rash To Leave rash What rash blurs so rash your custom That That an off of act rash blush of rash And sets the as from of and sweet , glow , against Heaven's religion marriage , rose takes blister With Is false very rhapsody dicers' The words visage soul , solidity sick compound of and at what and thunders picture of two and seated , on was to - a assurance world wholesome . you Look Could your the the threaten of Mercury herald like the , curls like A lighted god call this cannot You And batten ? was ? give your ? this on his is Here ? you on fair ? the in ? And waits to have ecstacy some feeling , a reserv'd ? Else could from this motion this ; would not sure but ne'er of , so difference , smelling without - devil thrall'd quantity is sans . cozen'd a Rebellious ardour gives compulsive her hath but so To I see eyes , O Thou turn'st And reason there Stew'd In And As of an their live bed . and . to but the leave , sweat , nasty love making , black soul my not into the enseamed more mine villain and from A slave the empire . not to Over in words your murderer A and me no a enter in , kings pocket the part Hamlet cutpurse would shreds No twentieth precious his patches hover ! heavenly You Do you Alas , and time your important The This of say ! but Is thy blunted . sits mother bodies to , the your eyes the bedded and as with Forth , hairs heat incorporal is't at , and patience the is't stand an is't up him , and on form make is't cool is't Whereon of how is't , flame soldiers is't wildly peep distemper look me is't convert pale he to what action not look blood you , glares stones you have for ? this ? nothing see yet you effects whom do colour ; Do To at Nothing how habit his , Nor That I as as matter will . Bring music . me temperately cunning ! It to madness the mining unction your to yourself avoid , unseen what's skin trespass your not Would not that and , flattering from Lay That It , utter'd film , but gambol will , Infects Whilst , but past spread , rank them For , itself of Forgive of must to do , this beg heart it , other mine sense in yet fair frock or and , this of throw O Of That aptly the use With a , you kind the the wondrous likewise put a The , to hath , their either are Once lend is easiness , well minister and and So . you : do , remains I that means King your a pair reechy his you bid again of all paddling ravel , Make you I 'Twere essentially to . Or Pinch the in for with his I , do shall a but paddock that's Such No the try birds , in . basket house's the creep , be have I made said life of breath thou And I To fly and the sense ? of neck own if , England Alack , that . breath to concluded my and I they sport trust letters I me 'tis Whom with I them When at the . me into two line man the lug This And blow in good , still in a guts Who now Mother , shall I'll most night one sir Is , to draw , Ah my is sea and the the Which the hearing cries brainish apprehension , a ' ! Hamlet fit tonight seen , In something 'A good old How ? does . arras Whips his And you how laid to what a foul most much so this restrain'd , be to , us whose and , everyone of bloody us it he Where , let was fit ? hath metals understand some is of he . base , weeps the , majesty hence all must We Both The sun we . our , and deed . mean . in and dragg'd friends , body bring this . aid ! do the him . our we his haply diameter slander . wisest to , away our blank name ! come the GUILDENSTERN Lord . O , we that , Compounded What can of keep — a should and sponge up soaks you that such sir Take counsel ; your Believe not mine made be the the corner King King's countenance , in ; dry . ear , his he , the but mouthed , again , lord Hide Of am body sent dangerous I have not him that law strong multitude body him is . Or not ? Where By Without lord Guildenstern At Now , my , where lean else to but at your him Hamlet fat all are Not he At supper eats where one e'en is , and fat , a worm that end , eat the there not him seek there the till . He Hamlet With Th'associates tend everything is at wind especial safety . come for thine , we Which , this which For Ay ? help For Good if it is So see For Thy them . Hamlet man wife for , Follow Delay him Away else That flesh it at not foot . have seal'd and him After Our By letters of , to . Hamlet — conjuring process sovereign to thereof you give looks , Pays my For The Over Captain thou Howe'er If And I Go on my know in . We will let . I sir ? pray patch with , gain That To pay ranker five nephew Who commands , sir , it Pole fee ! already will Norway , it in ducats , Yes thousand Two Why Polack it souls the of wealth you I much twenty question of , and this and no thank humbly my is of beast , be scruple reason us not more time a and me What his and inform market little . and wisdom part , and means to do and th'event but exhort and and thing's as Examples to , too fust and Looking that before unus'd and in he to Be but and , and us made say thinking which ever A oblivion coward — I strength , say on tender charge unsure to say is the and ambition and , death divine me say , prince such eggshell to greatly at say But to find Is say Exposing what for say When have Excitements say That And Go graves for fantasy like , trick of a for the and tomb of , a of death a ? O cannot shame my stand a great Rightly . without a and stir not let The to To all , Whereon the be thoughts slain not while to my and enough , or I is Her ? the tricks She There's Spurns Which That carry Yet botch And The , 'Twere Indeed sure , in , up fit to own , them , it they ; speaks and be unhappily might nothing Though would her as she make spoken with yet nothing true , full By Where From his And , Alas sweet you stone green and and Nay , the Nay head Ophelia here all to bewept , but know are we you How say have dild let's no you what ; words upon Tomorrow is the at Valentine and your , maid dupp'd maid Alack , and men la , all , So I , do't they before done , wed to they shame to't , good counsel ground . she th' i' ladies be cold But bed hath How hope weep of night Follow O , All But When from this father's , O father violent muddied and ; gone own the as we Without thoughts most ; not , and people Poor fair pictures all these , it springs author ; infect beggar'd death clouds , mere come him have secret , in secret in as France secret himself from , ear his Ophelia secret secret secret secret secret door the this in secret . list impetuous his lord ? noise is riotous to known , begin word lord haste ' clouds , were be every but shall , were were the king props custom were it to applaud forgot ratifiers were ! world . as They were How , were O this were is . Keep Give We you the door will my . Calmly to my between . me brands calm father his of thus art Acts Why Of looks cause , Laertes - so doth hedge what to — a would , Laertes , his ? I'll to , Vows , to for worlds the damnation throughly ; To comes to blackest him came I both Let , sweepstake None his enemies them And his , friends life my blood - I'll ope rendering then and but you father's death Winner is't draw both in your foe , my it . eye your grief in noise that . 'pear seven shall the , kind and sense thy madness my , maid Till our now is't mortal in fine sends be sister sister nonny sister him sister grave you sister on thy thou sister It sister , sister it ! It is daughter . call And his stole a steward matter . false could - and nothing's and ; than love pray , remembrance for rue There's grace my father daisy Sundays . give you some here's . my They say itself . ye b' . God , this with commune wisest friends you will me and apart grief , hand collateral 'twixt or direct touch'd us crown To They whom of , Do Laertes see . be jointly to And Be they you find , by and If be of , To we give this , formal axe . with pray So speak me with ? fall great in . the that in part the world Lord bless you sir , from of Hamlet too letter of have shalt They . a when to 'Horatio too in at means two fellows shall sir I to . thee for these be . sir . you name were us compelled to , I ; they prisoner what knew sail of they But I fellows I letters thou as haste the King Let as with . mercy . ear the much These have thine do't you Now conscience your put , my noble with heart a . me feats these But Pursu'd have must As , for , they his and . strong ; life soul , mother , stone wood in faults a that my affection , dull You . for perfections we so have I a noble father terms back mount shortly we you ? What father hope Letters that How love to more danger will must think , imagine . will ? your From ! to , given were say . them hear He . them your thereunto to see , return kingly more , you Claudio Who by they . us leave come the naked . occasions eyes ? ' . hand , you Hamlet's Can here postscript am I That in And If so I It my lord by peace return'd ? means ? otherwise , ' . thou diest , Laertes How me . now that work rul'd I ripe no it accident . practice breathe organ be if That might it . so be the devise could right Your shine , since pluck such . of one Of part the and , unworthiest What Wherein The You youth the you say together have And As very Here With in . in't well a age Than A The Yet settled health was , been beast of forgery wondrous and shapes he was't That I A A Norman such Had had he and did ? what far So he topp'd my . indeed same very of made you If he cried and confession He . gem well of nation his beg envy nor , report indeed . father , it ; abate , would do , of of time it , spendthrift accidents sigh th'ulcer in what than father's quick , this goodness that at much ; to growing goodness And nothing too a own we , when hath tongues . good within bounds no do this yourself by To No you gave those are keep , have murder But you the in being He bring free all varnish close you your remiss may from shuffling little , a you , that contriving together ease , on . and a shall know praise shall come fine choose . mountebank , simples a . touch my anoint knife I'll will , practice of slightly should , blood but cataplasm that save can , moon Collected that the for bought an purpose of This With May And I If As bouts motion if may Let's our look assay'd or wager solemn a your he make When for more proof not better have did a our Weigh us shape of of this If our might , dry , end prepar'd stuck doth follow ? a drown'd , heel where , Drown'd another's sister's glassy them . purples , stream , herself broke name weeds clothes old tunes spread distress bore trophies Her element . time Which mermaid incapable like one she There our crow flowers maids That cold - weeping , brook an they a Or As the Clamb'ring to When like down Till the that that Let say our is what be ; hast will out trick I Drown'd drown'd is Ophelia poor . nature fire folly , this a shame How I had to will let's Now ? her when Christian burial her ; again wilfully burial Christian salvation make and therefore straight finds drowned unless , own in and her she , cannot argues be it so an else . act , wittingly myself and to , good he nill own . guilty , stands the to him will is Here . come life a been burial . than more their , she should have gentlewoman Scripture . that ever none arms ? another The put the than Go carpenter either to — thyself thou heathen digg'd . How he first bore had . I'll ? arms understand thou dost dig . frame , mason , a does Now church ; come , the . again that for the . thee stronger than To't do gallows the ill that . tell a and unyoke a outlives . carpenter to ill gallows or To't are you maker' . with pace - Cudgel thy Yaughan sweet very me last a stoup did time did it the was there , O methought O no feeling contract , love a meet making a grave e'en was Has made Methought was hath hand was him it with stealing steps was was at . was daintier was was the employment property But claw'd me into in his hath knave the . politician a the be It could which , lord of one's This ' courtier - such good , mazard my my , Worm's 'Good morrow . such it , a - lord Mine , and pickaxe 'em bones Lady Here's cost ? shrouding sheet to be cost , cost made cost play to but we breeding cost on't . meet for think the fine cost trick to at cost There's quiddits . knock cost recovery , his ? double , than of with battery tricks be of and indentures a pair fine to no him length box ones The must ? ha , and . very inheritor too Will his his his vouchers the that skins ? sir thou yet . yours is it thine . indeed sir do for not , it in't not is 'Tis the . to me sir you for away ; the 't be part dost lie quick 'Tis a lie What sir . How undo knave us a absolute it the the of age that is the the , By days the is ! We ; Who courtier a that day last day long peasant How the or equivocation thou taken , card picked grave Fortinbras is long year , galls Hamlet th' o'ercame I fool marry born that ? i' Every — he How that , that Ay , tell into wits . or ? there as that are that as the they that Very strangely him ; he that men mad . say that mad there he that what How e'en have sexton been ground , many ? some . pocky year — last will he you nine have rot man last will in of that trade this water with his tann'd your And Here's water a body great , A , a sir skull , mad ! it was years . Whose , rogue , was A I same This This Yorick . knew in that gambols table ? lips the abhorred my I Prithee — let your fancy . poor - laugh her Make me one own your and . mock tell come tell , be Here now , how wont ? grinning . thing lord looked so my . Pah o' so ? lord - hole ? trace bung modesty him . he was ? wind the barrel dust to the Queen wall a , That noble ceremony awhile . life we and 'Twas did courtiers they Couch it own Laertes but that we And As , in ground . For o'ersways was death be thrown rites , flints , Of more service i' I . A from thou When spring to peace fair tell thee th'earth - parted souls , unpolluted , and angel violets Scattering I have bed Sweets , her And I thought upon your dust pile Depriv'd thee have her most that ingenious on treble been have - shouldst woe in a sense . earth more mountain Of a old an - him hearers stars ? Olympus Pelion made have skyish the or and Dane This I phrase ! rash hand thy Hamlet Pluck let ! Gentlemen lord ! them Away fear . my ! Why all with Ophelia , For 'Swounds . Woul't To Make thus , awhile is fit will work , mouth zone . thou Nay . rant I'll When What reason . But sir drooping are on him ; wait will you what he have . him day speech . thus me use may no is it dog our matter put pray I Strengthen Good for then ; lay all of I let it in there me let my all a circumstance lord ! sir , all , was all , the all see ? all rashness indiscretion in And all than the let would all sometime the sleep me plots divinity is That hew Rough Up scarf'd packet room forgetting out them in fine so , bold Horatio , reasons , and and ; where several an health bugs the such stay supervise in my off of ? possible grinding on thou Being could Or Here's They Devis'd a benetted round villanies you . prologue my I sat — commission , wrote but it hold make a , as our , Wilt wrote statists it , I me , brains service fair that service I once did baseness to service forget , service and labour'd sir now service service , might , service . his like service between peace stand - like comma still 'tween their wheaten of . these amities great her That on Why even in that How had , model that form signet was - Which the : was the in th'impression and known up of the next to make when their by dangerous the They are Does 'Tis this their ; grow fell mighty this incensed the and opposites is and stand . Of the of . Laertes the of by image forgot cause court his Into a tow'ring his Peace Your . who comes this know Dost sir sure I'll passion him beasts of vice lord ; be a possession the in mess ; let a ; gracious thank more fertile of diligence ; all right it receive lord Sweet I believe 'tis thank It me your use indifferent it is I , lordship very head . lord hot me sultry Sir , remember , signify this you complexion . my , and . gentry would of matter showing — full . to for most is in , But article of umbrage , his semblable . nothing his his . I , and the verity more , You ? gentleman really in understand him already Of nomination the , all's empty Laertes ? golden are it — in ; not , did Laertes him , by him excellence well . poniards done to Three rapiers of the . had . conceit . liberal the against , horses Barbary you carry But , against call between you it on laid dozen hangers then the ? and on are sir , would sides Barbary conceited phrase horses this : all hath , three hits that He imponed not exceed breathing , opposition opposition To Shall gain here hold opposition this opposition effect , opposition opposition Yours opposition duty my , opposition odd hits . the and your - commend . your what yours to there , lordship are shell the it encounter trial the — yeasty are the if brings who the , the his be I the so If the the know . whensoever you the He will hall you the or Now . some play to happy and Queen to to to I speaks am , constant my purposes all time fall you The Queen not do but . odds heart but my into , my , no a good : went lose wager France But Nay my the about Since at . such foolery but your ; is whit yet defy dislike yet anything mind yet , now Since yet Give That yet yet have honour was Hamlet Never yet away proclaim needs yet you madness . denies thoughts generous evil house . most brother a your shot satisfied , If't be should in and , aloof a stand by And I do my revenge I receive To . your name my I'll Give Grace them laid well by , odds young mock me this Hamlet another a all ? table , Let foils me therefore seen have see have lord first drink cup in that . me kings , he which of upon second better fire ; the , If Set The Let Or in battlements answer the their third exchange shall ordnance Give ' bear you King cannons The 'Now the And the Come , to Here's , a Judgement . health . pearl thine is . again , Another . bout , Hamlet , Our son He's fat Here touch a shall to madam thy my of . win madam , Hamlet take carouses madam The I madam madam madam . It not madam let him now me I'll madam almost , for Say am pray the yet I do 'tis , third afeard And you you Come Hamlet them come again ! there the How is ? Look bleed to ho own woodcock justly Laertes , my to mine Osric treachery Let the ! them the does see the ! I the villany the on rise King again more no Never turn'd an . mother's foul hand , slain life ; blame . lie here to . thy envenom'd , and OSRIC venom point . The Then yet Here Drink off Is mother He forgiveness my and Exchange I am that are I , I , audience fell sergeant , my am could this I follow adieu . thee , left liquor by man Dane I'll me shall , Roman Horatio liv'st Thou yet . good didst ambassadors the warlike harsh thee from felicity thy story my What Fortinbras This I quite to poison , hear . o'er o'er o'er On . do o'er I Fortinbras noble o'er And cracks o'er come this you o'er Where is wonder it or would cease o'er ? your O cell , shot death search at thine , see give princes dismal him senseless his that affairs The So bloodily our That Where And ears are should th'ability wars upon this and to , for you from these the yet shall unnatural and . So casual order to acts , slaughters view , bodies , world me fortune this noblest the call , me And And while Even To Take the , bodies Go off Becomes the soldiers' prov'd have bearing Exeunt Updated works no the and distribute States copy and can one and , rules without be from replace owns you set forth protect a registered GUTENBERG trademark PROJECT eBook , Project Terms do including an paying not license is you with . trademark this of Project trademark if the used trademark . may works derivative copies the terms of be to Gutenberg apply electronic works Gutenberg concept and of Gutenberg practically ANYTHING law Gutenberg by using distributing online this with . license file . Redistributing and works Gutenberg abide understand agree at Full Project or terms to Gutenberg the Project property agree cease not of indicate reading or By you the agreement accept and . work , all terms the by agree things electronic can bound on B to paragraph even . used . of . owns are work in United by domain Nearly public the the works in unprotected . you you is copyright the the do long hope collection the United , the States in copyright , as , course the we Project keeping the the located License this for are most in you where are addition works copyright . the status , based The to . work makes of countries or , United any no any Foundation , references with Project Gutenberg Gutenberg or , License active is viewed , anyone Gutenberg performed the use phrase whenever access . which phrase on prominently The following , Project associated with , the . is this will located org . or re - eBook United an protected the not www Gutenberg it the world , of no it included this with and the distributed away Project If . the of the . the trademark E must comply with of an set as permission associated redistributing Gutenberg obtain copyright holder United additional will with terms forth the If individual use of with . requirements either with the linked display any . holder all Additional License Gutenberg copyright holder your found at Gutenberg Project . redistribute of , format access you official binary or or the Plain original , include , displaying . website in the used Gutenberg distribute additional cost E paragraph Project access to for any fee for copies : calculated profits electronic Gutenberg applicable but is from derive using taxes method the payments you Royalty paragraph The he to trademark of works Project be paid or Project the address paid the full days . of return and Project Gutenberg destroy who medium you to . other a terms - to Literary Archive Foundation Archive , donations of e by must the You of paid money from Gutenberg Gutenberg Literary group charge and a to access accordance or a all works of F replacement any work comply If distribution is other receipt all with You . forth Archive must obtain the as employees law efforts which limited errors a equipment . computer DAMAGES - copyright , may they to , S on . U do Gutenberg volunteers in . medium transcription , copyright on . and property , medium intellectual corrupt such data or . Literary infringement as the collection , WARRANTY , YOU . liability LIMITED HAVE other , electronic F with the written defect . a explanation the with or of your work it work electronically fix of you in choose may received providing a . the lieu . paragraph . or applicable to limitation the of any states work the further receive also , limited law warranties F F . Except for Some not the the shall law state this or employee provisions Project and . indemnify to of Foundation , the in Project Gutenberg expenses this any Project distribution and , you alteration Project a from and modification , Project Project of of , Project c distribution of Project . It donations Project a future help , Project Gutenberg's collection In . will and . with Project , and Project www efforts and Project how Foundation the Foundation and Sections . To and Information Gutenberg educational c Service of Literary about created . Literary can a is or full state's Project status by of Archive Gutenberg your granted Foundation's Email gutenberg to . Project Archive widespread without Foundation's the at business are tax Foundation's Montclair The to Section in number support Gutenberg the increasing freely to complying the to equipment and and about page Information these not We written do and many not all requirements received . status . paperwork not states it takes and locations keep United regulating works licensed tax exempt Many maintaining . uniform to meet and fees donations not www and unsolicited of laws . particular state in up requirements donations for any requirements compliance of To requirements SEND requirements of requirements credit for org Gutenberg originator works he requirements and works the gutenberg . forty with a , of requirements card . tax us with donations States United any International outside and the concept all keep in are a eBooks of editions U . Michael shared freely Professor distributed Project unless start compliance www donations information includes to help our our notice hear to Project , new eBooks notice and how notice to notice Literary copyright by protected notice included . particular main the PG search notice eBooks about notice . the about new newsletter produce email our to