answer Long , Nay ? yourself upon thee at sick thanks He 'Tis heart quiet had . relief come struck Have a think I I O liegemen . my The Barnardo , ho the . Give , Barnardo Give you you - Horatio , along fantasy belief the this speak of twice take , of tonight ? this not , Sit tush And Tush , down again watch to 'tis Horatio When let And Had have assail awhile our we so your . Last Well yond , Peace same made , it ; like the to figure Look Marcellus and beating , burns The the In it like harrows like scholar speak King . wonder of warlike Horatio , it fear it Mark . that In which the be King the Thou a time buried it stalks , I , believe . speak ! charge ! away . pale ! look answer tremble think this What not Horatio , Is my the God Without mine you might and own I , sensible to , sledded frown'd When he th'ambitious armour an ; dead combated had on parle the he very 'Tis stalk martial what in This now down this nightly And such Does toward joint day haste task the ? King , Our of so can even , Thereto Was make That but : him valiant Norway , Hamlet us to appear'd by which our seal'd those conqueror ; lands , compact competent the which ; life ratified know , our ; combat side the prick'd of Fortinbras with the by Was Did this his vanquisher the of , cov'nant lawless no other , enterprise some Fortinbras of inheritance To Had to Hamlet carriage Now Of the up skirts , sir , full Fortinbras , there hand strong our is take . King eye mind's trouble the of chief land blood the tenantless high to in figure these mightiest palmy and question ere little most is it stood in dews star empire stands fierce and gibber and graves Roman and fire with Upon Was even the the Did The In Disasters whose trains still earth coming it use . me to climatures earth the to doomsday of with harbingers to precurse earth almost sick and our prologue , any any do Speak me earth speak , me . earth ! again earth . grace , life . ease may earth sound happily treasure Extorted Speak which For If thou , if Or they , if strike Shall I Stop in you Stay , 'Tis ! it do To We For 'Tis , the it wrong . here gone show the summons like speak it fearful cock ; and , a to I guilty or , the of crowing , in erring of , And the , herein spirit and or fire present It The , abroad ; is then no hallow'd So fairy Whether To nights are of our that and in do and morn russet my hill my watch impart ; of hath no power planets to time part to with morning know , our , for and by . duty . this , Voltemand pray in you spirit Unto Hamlet dumb consent find I fitting life will we upon acquaint and most Attendant conveniently us it and of with contracted far green in grief Cornelius bear To hath That Yet To memory With Have Th'imperial as , that , this follows a be state to nor know late dream this disjoint of young of us , marriage thanks barr'd dole eye , and Your our for Now , this herein - purpose rid bed and and in his , business nephew's of here , hears levies are you . meeting suppress scope the than further greeting proportions articles VOLTEMAND , and your you no dilated good Out His Who these King , to . suit of And You Dane the beg , my your lose now let allow we our with duty , Laertes ? thy the , is't ? Laertes , news cannot us shall voice of some What be told , And speak , not is . thou duty show whence and my Laertes thy . pardon Denmark ; and Polonius toward that bend What says coronation my me at his Upon He Have From To though , your bow I fair beseech , my more be time leave consent . to . leave go ; seal'd will laboursome lord best , spend give you I ; thy , Laertes How . hour now so Not Thou thine for with a nighted thy look Passing , 'tis not let like be lives common common seems like it so like . Denmark must . vailed like Ay eye ever Seek like for thy all nature madam it , like ? seems mother know eternity through , it If not , of might shows visage , show , which within that lost commendable and a your nature of indeed ; bound common , impatient unschool'd , our , Fie heart ? should we what A Of impious father That To shows An any we in dead , 'tis a fault thing absurd understanding For fault To of the Is From impart with immediate let We and a throw of think and ' , that died you bears your his to woe so corse the pray who , the reason first most 'This must be are for take us today common still whose cried note son love of For to retrograde you comfort prayers son . lose with thy not pray Let cousin of , madam , not to bend back And Do Than most the going I And chiefest It in all smiling thee go best ; thunder . shall Come would ! again ! dew melt shall clouds the earthly heaven too resolve , uses , me to 'gainst But So grows Fie it on't self - slaughter ! seed to Seem How weary to he face remember I , By A little month beast , she A longer ; I to Ere father's Than , My , O the She , With left yet the flushing , brother most galled sheets eyes month , post . lordship But married such my Had most come ! hold must cannot . to to dexterity nor , do And what you change I Horatio The to in faith see , what truant A good lord — good , would shall To make it I very is your drink no truant ; your my truster . affair see . Elsinore report own that enemy make my from you lord . meats , my ? lord Where , eye my I saw , methinks seen had mind's a was upon he him . I King The Upon attent your , Season King ! father ear This let these me , watch . their the middle , waste witness God's together Barnardo , pie your cap - whilst the - them and like gentlemen nights Marcellus encounter'd and oppress'd to and In dreadful I speak they act father , father we where platform upon lord My you lord , cock like none did ; it lifted to 'Tis , did vanish'd sound the from honour'd at And live think sirs , watch my do you . lord my Arm'd top to ? from to toe Arm'd . head frowningly beaver up look'd more his foot he , lord , O I would fix'd And I would have It Stay'd amaz'd . his constantly been with like . might longer I beard His It as , haste moderate very much . watch will I Perchance A sable to my it assume noble though peace I father's my bid I'll warrant have walk tonight it hitherto tenable in hap , your this silence but understanding And I it me Let Give Upon the platform visit . itself hell tonight , you pray fare ye well night not rise , well men's deeds , would : still spirit , in play o'erwhelm them my , father's sister necessaries earth : mine your you were to will ! not winds . you hear as , is , And doubt sleep . convoy let me And , permanent toy blood his , favour sweet , primy in from you the a not A nature bulk For no as Think In withal . Perhaps service of nor cautel loves temple doth , besmirch the ; No The in the youth of nature not minute of perfume and inward fear ; birth his will but does crescent more waxes not is The he must his state believe whole persons ; will is as for health must the And the fits The Carve He and therefore your deed far if particular ; loss what main Than Or credent of Then and himself he For Whereof head . give the his in his voice he with May heart your too voice you unmaster'd your chaste treasure , open dear affection . enough . moon spring , disclos'd strokes of desire danger is beauty not their before galls the , good good lesson else imminent lies this and a some dalliance reckless , libertine to dew of buttons Contagious then , though blastments and liquid of youth , here But too . O A smiles Occasion double blessing leave . comes , fear not recks primrose path . familiar character thou The , Laertes is a father tongue . steel adoption act no in with , hast do by entertainment , the Aboard There shoulder . these sits few but no palm unfledg'd hoops unproportion'd Give thy thoughts thy , my blessing vulgar tried means , man , can : may judgement thy being ; thine , thy but proclaims fancy ear may , thy may But Of every entrance Those Grapple them unto dull hatch'd a ; oft of may to the borrower loan And the in a may of For Costly may Give man's , may nor edge of the any true , that : friend ; in then as dulls oft Neither And ; loses For Farewell blessing my it This The must be false in to my of , well lord leave take Farewell , you , and to Farewell is't he audience something he . yourself in lock'd keep shall you me on yourself . clearly yourself 'tis free ; your be that hath between What , is behoves my you ! daughter Give lord believe Affection Do As You do not ? affection of , so I must caution of way Unsifted his lord , I a for pay dearly more true tenders yourself should , fool circumstance a . Pooh I not are That Marry , Running , Or fashion hath may holy to importun'd In countenance honourable given blood When springes tongue more Ay Lends their not promise for Be your take entreatments something the , Than Set must Even Giving With to light , much the given a fire maiden higher For . you his be may Than Do I mere any moment from is for . vows your . forth ways . time , leisure with you obey is . very , the Lord slander shall I so , or The air bites is lacks No spirit The and lacks swaggering my then wont , of reels rouse lacks draughts thus upspring bray out lacks Rhenish lacks down lacks custom west the revel tax'd other native here am I though headed traduc'd us addition drunkards clepe to mind , the - heavy They Soil This Makes From our us , and with swinish height , and marrow it oft So pith for The our achievements some More in , down pales the , and too that these men of are nature chances and say livery — be or Fortune's man general particular infinite As virtues His The Look ministers and a Angels own it defend blasts charitable or hell damn'd Hamlet , comes doubt evil dram a my From that fault thy spirit from . goblin a such , King will Let thy me I That night we saw cerements , wicked in thee ; bones , speak to burst their Have father canoniz'd in ignorance ; death jaws marble quietly this moon the shake the , thou That cast corse ponderous and may steel complete ! this To beyond to Wherefore away courteous what you some go action it do It waves But more desire did impartment to alone will not , Do set at itself ? that fee ? the a it . can be ; by fear , cliff , into immortal a , I ; reason form summit the flood the horrible sovereignty there his madness deprive the tempt me my should do it , to life as it of of puts , into dreadful o'er place ? of sea lord my the , other might And into very you Without That The And every . follow not off ; rul'd Be on , I'll , not . Nemean petty Still say heaven am as you shall go this nerve lets thee imagination that ghost obey him ? ghost him , on Go ! away , Have ghost is after 'tis waxes a ghost ghost . to of direct ghost Nay follow Heaven ghost me no go further hour come almost render I When Whither I sulph'rous My To unfold . hear to bound I what , tormenting . ghost poor , walk , shalt father's term What when shall am I , thou for am Speak art spirit to ; stars fretful locks the eternal this . and like knotted eyes List , list , porpentine . end on — love murder thy dear O list ! part stand to not must blazon unnatural wings love of my revenge to the or know't meditation sweep thee unnatural . and , it ! in foul that . as ease father's did know so this in thoughts ease find out but a ; abus'd ease ease With ease wit ease O witchcraft wicked So O my O his , my what , to , that and gifts , that was ; and to decline . there the ; air , link'd bed vow be ; did man pour stole uncle ears my of distilment an enmity always methinks itself on a a prey sate custom secure the juice Upon The That swift quicksilver cursed of porches a , such The Holds And The smooth Most smooth made Unhous'led , smooth life Cut , the but thee royal for bed of Denmark incest act nor smooth thy If thou hast , smooth nature damned smooth ! imperfections sent unanel'd queen , even crown , of sin smooth , account . not contrive , Remember to Let howsoever thou pursu'st leave this be fire earth What of host Adieu And And shall all To you couple And But Ay , In observation , away wipe of saws observation All observation I'll observation Within And observation book and youth thy the observation tables may observation That , uncle is 'Adieu there adieu are may . HORATIO least It one At So and lord Within Within him ! secure . Hamlet . is't my my What How ho , ho boy Come lord come , bird , noble it No Good my my lord it . tell think once man . my knave dwelling arrant in villain and by To right For hath I'll and ; is Such as as I'm There's Saint offence , faith they sorry is Yes make For is't , lord poor one Give known and what faith my lord In I my Swear thou there ? swear oath Swear Hic of , my lord in , cellarage by my that seen . this to speak . Then hither this that sword . so sword , upon th'earth wondrous work remove . my you . have it earth help mercy come Horatio welcome , i' by speak Never to A With That you or put , worthy are are 'Well That know such to , encumber'd an antic disposition on , myself think and could and we shake doubtful head , if to , of perchance odd soe'er times shall me this 'There giving ; or 'We , phrase never . Hamlet to , pray I together . it . him marvellous do you shall Before Give him this and money , make inquiry , where and , and you question Paris , did what , and , they particular your do By That Take you my at 'twere as What , this , drift will of expense what and some know — do him' Ay very his father , his him , nearer , friends this they ; more Reynaldo it , Danskers means lord say he's and please dishonour , are you and if't But in Addicted , be ' marry . known , wild and none that ; most slips so put very . usual on there , take ; him As , lord not You must you may season incontinency ; charge would on . far liberty . so dishonour to breathe unreclaimed blood a in fiery mind ; the him swearing quaintly good But assault lord do I should my that ? know Wherefore savageness outbreak of general lord sir slight little Mark a thing As And Ay He youth you breathe phrase country , Of the . 'friend this guilty him you on my soil'd you in lord ? did ? consequence or man or closes According to , was the , mass Or , was such there , sale' and , he does was to the thus yesterday , him a 'I There There , windlasses At 'closes in consequence' day perchance See . or ; such : takes Shall you b' . Good , I fare lecture find out . now you . well lord wi' God Farewell . I lord my , With Ophelia the what's affrighted so been ? matter God in unbrac'd foul'd , his stockings my of chamber , knees in me of comes piteous doublet other . purport . mine my his his arm of wrist , arm down bulk , fear and held me of . shaking up stay'd and he Long piteous and his he last their his with o' bended find the to , go At thrice He And seem'd oft will . passion late ? command letters ; That , my did access , but repel made with . I sorry That I him wreck is His thee heed better . me as hard mad did beshrew , words denied to any him given This grief lack To seems to am , that , but jealousy King might move , man be , I have long did Welcome , Since Of hasty sending nor we we dear much have from that so vouchsafe so and rest his and with you entreat I . the to Something . And since That much draw That aught from he , Good lies If living you , remedy him glean gather , thus awhile profit and show To And , us unknown much , companies in here your will are our hath you please good and gentry much your visitation more of , not talk'd I the supply us give our be To here your Than We gentle your and Rosencrantz Thanks , Might , by dread Put to both ourselves , service instantly , some is changed bring Pleasant our to Hamlet to . gentlemen him our make And much too My Th'ambassadors Are been joyfully Norway . good my father , good my my of my Both ? Assure you lord , from hath Hunts As O speak first that do to cause admittance I or Give the fruit to that The be or of Hamlet's ; the my I it us'd , my I I or , to , and to of mine have so this or King : brain hear or not trail of policy I . or great lunacy . all feast he the me and source queen , that bring that He Thyself them your marriage him . son's hath distemper my , main but our and no sift shall friends , Well my what return , greetings our , Say His look'd Highness in sickness To Most of . whereat ; 'gainst the sends fine obeys , impotence out , fee give please as , herein those soldiers . Majesty joy , overcome crowns before , Norway old him With , and we you So dominions regards therein It your And think more to liege is but should and business the Therefore This to outward . I will welcome is , mad ? soul , night is of day and duty . time wit all . else nothing be for define true madness , and night I call And ; noble brief but let swear I , for then by this this of cause cause comes thus . mark mine — surmise art : use , Perpend cause ; hear beautified idol from this you phrase ; shall but most and the Now duty , 'beautified' stay ; I the awhile ? to art not . him is , have I this faithful fire , reckon Adieu liar , place ; Doubt obedience by given , show'd to ? me his . solicitings and me means ear you man do of book dumb sight , that might , think , wing you . honourable winking the your a play'd my upon ? 'Lord done should lock herself out did bespeak , then repulsed be And had I If Thence And a a the I may a ' . fain time it ''Tis likely very , prov'd such be Not that I otherwise know ? I'd know be . find hid hours lead is circumstances if , If may truth Where a time he walks Here . not him to indeed If the Mark such thereon state , away good beseech you , it farm Let a no try We will where sadly know God my How Excellent , a well to Honest ten world lord honest my , fishmonger Not would I , as of sun not walk if i' I have Friend was Still on . but blessing look a is , to't , you carrion , my . again Words in ; that to What not at I'll Slanders I that their and , suffered I youth my speak . And ; tree For plum with potently you yourself , yet hams faces the the matter who that matter Between you . should old sir . as it which that are satirical they I am eyes , most be . Though hold sir sir , not have a lord ? the Into out you Will , withal sir my fools tedious except take means most humbly between madness of delivered be happiness of will I from life , my life I sir Hamlet , is . lord you to go You . My dost the the very do , Guildenstern both shoe happy . how ye lord dear , Good that indifferent friends How ! thou As over of earth Fortune's Happy we , in , news true we but my that , have What . doomsday your , But . her the , O ? Faith her about of privates honest me . is she ; you Then Fortune you my , is world many so o' a Denmark's think to there th' lord nothing is prison bad good it To one ; me for being We you I bad count a mind . your myself either 'tis nutshell that too for the . a shadow shadow . substance of that and shadow ; ambition in , but is A our shadows . Shall beggars we bodies wait upon reason th' monarchs and . Elsinore fay my quality it is and by outstretch'd heroes for . you But most am you . sent ? of rest make servants not . attended my other , Come . Queen your good have ? thank you have and , let fellowship , teach colour by enough kind anything . I me what even , me must charge . then , you preserved you but secrecy you why ; and Queen shall , off we moult me my prevent your with brave . sterile you fire heavily look , to and this other firmament the air , goes lost my , have all this ; feather . disposition custom it of discovery that , of action , congregation , pestilent golden noble and and in admirable : me so fretted foul how , apprehension animals your then lord the faculties in world , by was in delight such I said stuff neither is what beauty ; how the of reason god in nor so seem not . of And yet delights , though ? if you 'Man , what and target part ; shall his tribute lover sere ; entertainment , Majesty end halt ; Lenten the in and foil to offer you use man the o' verse ? the or lungs shall are residence estimation inhibition think Do How those Even they it delight better comes by was their same . city ? profit I they How the wonted grow are , comes Do it , are aerie and children so . No berattle most they , they quality children . longer themselves better if the tyrannically . eyases goose . keeps in , pace they dare . sing common to ? that wearing fashion many and . is do . poet argument tarre been they pursue afterwards like for sin are their them if should grow means make , no to bid them Do not fifty at ; boys do the there carry throwing Hercules of give little philosophy , lived father uncle my carry O carry King his about carry , forty could twenty , and 'Sblood . Elsinore carry apiece while and appear like the out than carry those in natural his . if hands with you The come Let , entertainment lord the When to is fashion ceremony . a handsaw - I . You deceived yours than you , you not each gentlemen . wind is his to the he right sir to tell for the : My lord have news , to . I , When tell 'twas players of Monday news . indeed an morning it — You is have , his . are honour actor my . comedy light thou Why treasure daughter fair loved — and daughter my he law of 'One The Jephthah What call i' th' not Am Jephthah you came by wot know most show . in is nearer Denmark am you like , it , glad face to is What , your Masters fly a taste anything , acted not and modesty as make indite to the as , of lines that One thereabout it If speech as in in me see and Dido . than handsome Aeneas' more it matter were in the honest fine tale line : it , Head horridly trick'd , complexion to daughters impasted the parching foot damned and , Pyrrhus , and good , tyrannous a hellish the coagulate , sons streets gore fire o'ersized grandsire at Repugnant to , But Th'unnerved Pyrrhus with to to Pyrrhus' prisoner the Priam to arm his at So as silence like , And Of was Priam a , Which On Out The rend And out , thou synod round and , spokes the remorse armour never less Mars's With In bowl And the all Now falls general , Break As low on ; bawdry . or — too shall Say 'Mobled ! With About late this A the in Fortune's , th'alarm fear caught venom steep'd . then pronounc'd o'erteemed , tongue her see Pyrrhus saw in all stood down queen' threat'ning . good is queen' A with state with burst instant Would made passion sword would did loins , have malicious limbs clamour , husband's clamour sport she treason themselves gods clamour the eyes heaven , clamour in move things mincing In turn'd that milch clamour And well , not have the are clamour you I lord much report , your used , thee they were death merit after Use better , 'scape whipping more Come will the ? for players while have the desert . play . dignity . We'll , after and study The friend Ay , my You I would need Murder ? Gonzago you not could , a insert . look and , that Rosencrantz Good lord my Now Elsinore , lord set down not you lord Ay , till and My You night Guildenstern fiction a it With forms A Tears Hecuba What's to , Hecuba ? his his player passion , tears , he Hecuba cue stage passion with speech for What to all And him He ? the Confound A - faculties the guilty That Had he the motive her ? for cleave should he I Make Plucks me deep the me defeat villain , the to as by off Who As Tweaks 'Swounds I To I beard was Remorseless this slave's should ass Oh am my ! But bitter , That a cursing bitter ! very murder'd father and heart hell villain bitter words most bitter this drab bitter , the scene that bitter their it though have They With ; tongue of observe murder I'll . his but perhaps melancholy such have , devil my spirits . spirit have no have If that he hath I looks , grounds thing . quick my the catch . me potent the I'll and , King circumstance , confusion of this you he no by all his by no dangerous himself confess does what we find distracted speak feels will he he . receive a of forcing but , reply ? any his fell of demands certain players him we that . in they are him pastime , order the him joy told kind play to think . it as night 'Tis And raught seem out Of Majesties . before already . it and he his give so and him to a further delights . these on drive my ; most me true Good And We , closely as have he we Sweet , sent for us , lord Ophelia accident Hamlet , Ophelia obey I your That so We Of And be th'affliction That thus good beauties Hamlet's Will to your may I both so wonted honours his — We an Ophelia Gracious To such prov'd The we , are , show . O cheek harlot's a not O hear . heavy burden ugly , my is Is I be , be or The Or take to more Whether coming him slings not and of to to sleep , end natural a the : To sleep a the outrageous ? a heir ache ; The No flesh heart , wish'd to we pause who Must in , perchance Devoutly sleep To would The pangs The For a bodkin he When With grunt bare That himself ? sweat The The calamity wrong the whips the bear insolence Who of those the whose , have under of might his a something , bear returns the and To And With lose the Ophelia Be The Good all my ! regard native make conscience o'er sicklied the name Nymph of with great pith hue the thus And for ; lord many . day . deliver yours - did , of receive now No I I , you things know Rich Take know know rich ; right never , words to aught poor know you lord ! know no honesty . know ? you means Are Could know lord fair your , fair Ha sooner beauty a Indeed This the was ; likeness to is truly , of the , relish was the I nunnery not shall lord . I be . believed my you me it it a better in ; with more a accuse of none offences I , very sinners things proud of me ways to ? them shape do Where's , my Why but yet thou could deceived . am believe home heavens thy , I time between crawling at imagination arrant in's own I'll , nunnery as thou fool chaste dost If for to ice help as pure , a O as the doors you thou monsters quickly Or if too God amble wantonness your you . marriages and , to will . face , more . a nunnery I say but ! To all ! and given , with and see unmatch'd of of glass Th'expectancy soldier's a they as tongue , o'erthrown , mind noble I That The Th'observ'd And Blasted Now , suck'd bells form out O seen spake , way I form which sits the quick on brood disclose to tend to , expel England . himself fashion Nor like madness the our shall tell neglected What his ? tribute : different , brains objects beating of commencement settled . matter well and not The Sprung From We heard from My us what , all mother hold . But it all . How Lord do after , so be shall If queen fit her . let conference And It must best ; great be round with the go . think find you in him ones shall wisdom To England Your not I spoke it , smoothness . not you must trippingly had It . o'erdoing , passion of lines as I , do to too , inexplicable for avoid , offends the in for do your players very I saw fellow of whipped have , nothing . it passion who special nature age to both action the at anything the very or make must 'twere of the form though ; censure his , theatre make , own . pressure , feature praise your but this , and heard , hold scorn image end , and , the this your with ; overdone , mirror , whose allowance up that players , that of men so indifferently those us sir play let that there abominably . not them that that to and laugh no be ambition . pitiful make of . shows and , on for set to meantime some . ready you now King Will Bid haste will them ! lord Horatio hasten . spirits ? flatter'd , knee absurd poor choice from good , thou . lick pomp be the the Dost , pregnant hinges should mistress , For And blessed suffers and well . so for and heart me Give I Fortune's are those this Something please and are stop core do have I As In heart's thee a when thou of is . itself unkennel Do Even One it ay , not a , too scene , Observe Which censure will both of is And mine we this playing theft 'scape coming to the , lord . join face his his my will pay the judgements heedful foul imaginations Give eyes In And If steal detecting Danish march And aught seeming is They A are How promise I Excellent Rosencrantz fares crammed faith . flourish . Enter play Queen , i' not capons : of - nothing , with i' mine my . Caesar a was . kill to of ready ? so they , mark you that . in ? more by ? lord ? lord . country legs nothing , a You merry I should ! my mother looks my died father . lord , Then within's ? two do merry be a lord suit not O But two die must a he - horse - the , by'r on there's . very lovingly ; him . down comes ears bank he He a and the it her show , makes of . Queen and , awhile The , unwilling but fellow passionate again . carried Mutes King Lays in comes in , Poisoner of this with her kisses returns with . She dead or dead makes in means it is fellow shall We woos , know Will this Belike means my ? tell any , are or tell , you naught show You For us shame by what . meant you means it what to Be this ring posy . a of . borrow'd hands bands sacred and in , have moons salt Full Since world most our . done be ere you from are o'er count from again may and you me dozen times orbed , of though your so love the it lord twelve moon , state distrust , fear doubts love functions : is woe And love is fears little what Where , must live husband powers belov'd their I Faith grow great operant Honour'd And Such None the In My O must wed . instances second we do you of second birth that Most fall like unshaken Purpose I Which To The The passion What own ending But revels enactures most slender doth or ourselves is propose doth lose tree . doth . debt 'tis we doth . doth : lack of a friend friend try doth . run doth never mark or question loves not , That For 'tis lead great And poor even joy grieves a Our wills thoughts So think give For And But thoughts Our our orderly An To and Nor earth Sport thy die to desperation cheer and widow ever me , the trust be my light , and of scope destroy , us this mischance Sleep 'Tis jest in she'll poison . of ? world offence offence in't is the o' , name This play , it are our withers to lord King touches : that Let the . lord my groaning , my edge if chorus good is This jade gall'd , and . revenge , could . keen off you are . damnable agreeing ; bellow doth and collected time . dire of the Begin better of in written very murderer the is Hecate's . Italian Thy estate choice love lord false my the play . fire , What i' him and gets the rises fares ? with Away razed rest the if , roses on sir . very , A Jove This very dost thou me Turk turn For Horatio poisoning my him thousand rhymed have I'll good , For ! talk Upon ghost's for a , word a not of I Ah vouchsafe with — sir . history sir sir ? me some you , him , put to lord put frame , to choler rather more to into itself retirement drink with purgation would to plunge signify me Your wisdom , Queen your mother in , my to , your , wholesome , you no you this , make more she says but shall can command wit's rather , thus : My ; the your struck mother's ! into you you there this say this admiration is ? you go this stonish this a mother any this further this the friend . bar this King Denmark you your do I still , own Sir when I lack you grass me , one lord O recover sir . grows withdraw with you a unmannerly into . toil , you do of beseech I Believe these lying as give it with no know : touch thumb , easy these , But I , 'Sblood excellent lowest of . skill thing these me unworthy breath cannot know a my seem would is you God fret you stops you would , note , you me camel ? will you instrument do ; make I think what sir shape a 'tis and it cloud speak . you , and a camel indeed . weasel whale . a yonder you see mass . by . and night time business as out to the , breathes this Soft now , firm . ever . but , drink blood not let unnatural hypocrites . shent be soul consent mother . in in , in in in , in us with you endure may , you . Therefore forthwith along not grow . is bodies is much gulf cease weal many but like The whose ; will and The To strength of it on Are Each . when a . of Never alone mount petty ruin lesser , wheel draw and doth ; life bound , consequence it thousand , massy a annexment sigh I we Which Arm you , goes will the , To My she'll warrant the said that Behind them vantage Fare partial convey . ROSENCRANTZ haste will We , as And 'Tis The I'll meet hear lord speech my the it rank brother's inclination as eldest dear Since It , guilt a in both where like pause . to neglect than the sweet blood hand first in with I double Pray is Thanks , O Though My And I stronger And stand That effects , those past ? which own pardon'd mine ; Forgive we what I But ? Then , my foul murder queen up justice by retain , turn cannot one Of My In be To But what's forestalled visage of offence , my and me O ere but force possess'd prayer of the our action ? murder currents currents But , and we wicked and corrupted be . currents out is Yet what In give O currents O when What so not repent cannot can ? of currents can , O currents Bow , Buys currents in and shove prize ourselves , death : strings Make bosom it repentance to the teeth forehead be , reveng'd . black new babe steel free ? as to it well of knees limed soul Be now And With all my , is pat I I'll so To And But in our him in his soul No horrid hent , a And the know and fit he , about , passage of his heels salvation or more ? thought his act of course . asleep some his bed , in't may relish swearing ; stays . advances mother sickly as be may soul goes rises up come straight have hath been you I'll . lay silence me and with to stood with e'en . him . go below . remain thoughts never and And , He him pranks your him Look that . Come you , come go Hamlet , with a Hamlet , Why , hast thou have , Have Queen , you You , No it not to so You you down sit You , till you up , Where of speak can you so , I'll I , help wilt , not see and may do Help wilt Nay , go come those , What . now O , for a Nay what rash bloody O . kill bloody a a , know me O deed and kill . some Take too lady deed this good brother mother ! braz'd and If for thee your your custom is it proof , wretched As Thou . be bulwark against me of What have In That Calls dicers' body the blurs As A As , words at against , makes plucks such and . takes act the compound and what , the Heaven's and glow , religion mass doom , the in and , himself on brothers brow , act this presentment of thunders this command , hill form to what follows you set like a : man mildew'd Have . Look . husband his is your the your every New eye Hyperion's See This To Where was god ? love mountain Ha it this on batten Blasting wholesome fair is : in at your , age have sense sure you , judgement it's you eyes , err would , to for not upon madness ; ecstacy to you cannot motion the apoplex'd Is from this motion thus motion sense waits And the blood and but motion Sense motion that motion sure thrall'd What was not motion motion doth charge Proclaim ardour fire . the , spots . grained very more , soul love mine . enseamed bed making . more ears and villain and . and tithe ; the pocket . more No it shelf twentieth part the kings , stole ; not lord is A vice rule patches with passion and time acting of your The That Do , laps'd me and king shreds o'er What , O it , to , whet you , to son ! chide thy her you , the excrements in eye with strongest ? mother sits you on hold wildly discourse , weakest Conceit Forth Upon on His him Sprinkle cool the up as hairs , bend eyes sleeping an heat and Would make and capable . you , Do preaching of life flame and . like . Whereon , is Do all ; yet at you did , No nothing that I ? how all nothing To effects colour true Nothing look , goes , he Why My where Is This is Look but portal ! away . me Bring will madness , time not the ; your soul all unction for which grace , test ecstasy your brain re ; come re heaven the but Forgive fatness re must compost film mining my is of to . re re , is itself and , re leave pardon beg him twain re ; weeds speaks ulcerous to pursy good . what . past live O Virtue away the vice for woo in them is the evil custom , use likewise He of next or fair actions is if angel a on a . Refrain and this , not , good livery tonight easiness out easy more bles'd night ; nature lord For . desirous Once devil are heaven more , stamp of , him , kind this will again So scourge you the The abstinence almost curb . change can when you , to same throw be must be him and and and , kind night , do bed mouse good worse , and more only remains behind I , his know , a fair not with neck your in I . 'Twere , paddock that's mad let Make dear No Would , the basket famous , ape basket For from craft birds break conclusions , and in the the and bat , wise , so down be thou What To And fly own a concernings despite of the life of own own own , if England 'Tis , two they , work sweep own it . must , on own . will I Alack had the Let have and sport the 'tis marshal For own crafts yard below their enginer to knavery to moon and , most meet . most counsellor grave . this packing directly , 't petard one in blow But I will the one them at the , life draw night Good in translate must lord little How the What , the mightier both his stir ! ' ! seen ? fit contend while I does wind In apprehension brainish hearing old good heavy deed ! man , with unseen in Behind is The kills a , providence answer'd of feed , haunt ? he kill'd he is was and was foul gone love let fit touch shall , sooner no O . But Both We we The will ship with , with slain , aid : vile this the come mountains dragg'd bring . Guildenstern ! and majesty hence Gertrude all him our deed skill , further excuse madness speak I call haste Polonius closet mother's in the Go seek , Hamlet his go join he pray you what the cannon world's our ! do slander friends this diameter his to come name blank . dismay away . Lord stowed . and Safely Hamlet . calls on done noise ? GUILDENSTERN ? O , my , 'tis What have What it Who may it , dust take chapel that it to not where you sponge — replication , keep what Do counsel not made not , my lord rewards his son be not he end , not lord . not , sponge mine King corner what you shall not in speech you when officers ; countenance best his needs understand . but the the where us , not in do the have my sleeps and , Bring lord is body Of . a , him him with , the King King to to sent A thing my to strong judgement . Diseases sending him reliev'd , all desperate at away are appliance not must 'tis the But And like He's not offence of this distracted , him and , even , grown all smooth , from hath ? befall'n him is pause the dead bestow'd lord . know my lord my Guildenstern Hamlet , creatures worms where supper Not politic supper Alas beggar he worm , supper ! eat of supper the fish with man supper hath that of end , and supper diet convocation emperor certain of guts through the a go . beggar may if eat , thou dost mean If ? this not you there seek . If will some place to see If nose Send To If this He Hamlet If For If Attendants If especial grieve thyself wind England , Ay The , quickness . England bent at help ; the and For For everything and Hamlet Good come mother it ; if So see My flesh Follow if thou ; one . make may and thee Pray raw free set , and you have , and red aught — it the letters By present like in Hamlet conjuring must my , my cure me , Do that effect at , blood were know I Till Go , by his greet You Majesty know his from And I If the Captain , him of let shall kingdom How purpos'd Good Go , whose are powers , Goes nephew for Or against the old to and a gain sir , them ? addition , will . ground of Poland sir , with little no patch the farm or would but to will rate thousand not That Why Nor , then A Yes already defend garrison'd of I . go a my wi' , straw ! more of discourse . man , his not no large beast A What little . be and wisdom do earth as army of and and and to say me and prince ambition puff'd , it godlike and , such Now and — th'event , and , charge gross with at mouths spirit by cause do't this will , unsure invisible mortal great argument , event to Rightly and , then straw exhort dare , to while reason kill'd stake quarrel , the fortune eggshell to an , Whose Makes delicate and Is a father my a like and , the cause a men I mother How and imminent death , to Excitements have of sleep The And let Which be is the is , mood Her She What father have . her of importunate will would world straws sense use of There's tricks i' th' at half unshaped speaks , they it speech own their says and things is her hears , she beats needs but words to , make her The carry winks And good Dangerous Indeed conjectures , That as botch 'Twere Which ill ill spills full soul artless to sin's guilt to Majesty ill How itself be spilt . is . great , ill , jealousy ill as come in ill Denmark beauteous of prologue , of , now How , Say ? He is sweet you his At , Nay heels , Alas his With How - love pretty owl look Alas , you , are let's have say Conceit means words They we was Lord at be ? lady baker's upon what not know of , at your morning Saint window the maid betime , maid , they day your Valentine donn'd out : the in Let will , Alack she Cock men , to wed , to't blame to tumbled . bed patient my lay not hadst she been cold ground brother , My cannot choose I by thus . Come coach night good . counsel watch sweet i' long would I How be they him hath I well good give ; the her single . Gertrude ; First come her and ; good . your good deep not ; spies , you I pray O muddied judgement . father grief ; it , of poison father's . come battalions your his Last With these . ear France beasts , author and people violent greenly Poor but Ophelia , arraign many in of , stick my , this , of of of death of door of places of , noise them death . lord of riotous him lord to ' not custom , overpeering What are How Caps cry forgot Laertes my , yourself Save his impetuous call with list , begin known king clouds ! word to it every , cry king be of false trail they Danish are — Sirs doors you , this ? king the The No , you false Laertes , be shall is cheerfully you me give in , come let's We me blood between to cuckold you pray . good . thou king ; harlot , father Laertes proclaims calm my the brands fear our ? unsmirched brow , my true the my that's — a , Let . will my would , go Tell giant Do hedge person me Where But his . can his what with ! Laertes — man , demand and grace dead not to this To . damnation allegiance came Conscience dare both Let he I How ! hell throughly give point negligence , I reveng'd , juggled profoundest the Let , be , all I'll Who If Laertes my shall not , That what come father . well , husband ? you stay means Will , will , world the far to desire They you go Of That , To but enemies loser you wide then pelican my . that eye grief to day . now O It And am a now Like I am as good Dear our By As shall What in sensibly your . judgement to noise . brains sense up dry , thy madness shall be paid of , heaven him grave , some , it , barefac'd nonny many , well After mortal , Nature bore non nonny you his , rain'd , instance 'tis fine precious , Fare , persuade revenge , And . love pray that's more matter him call daughter . thus move the . didst and a a than herb father a end . died . They say give O you o' . a call We for A remembrance fitted remember here's made columbines , is document madness thoughts for There's of when Robin is hell . must and it and , you There's violets . joy itself my all and , gone moan He His He he is I we is No And All flaxen souls wi' O . b' . God pray this ha' And mercy see , you choice Make , on . and deny Do all of Laertes of collateral will , grief apart your friends you obscure your if all will ; by but Go hand whom your and satisfaction we or judge 'twixt our , o'er his — labour jointly Let give be death it with ; in bones , question heaven fall . have they letters come What th'offence you let the with bless if from , you God , not part . speak . be Hamlet what be should I of Lord . to have very warlike On we gave us were these Ere . the a they put appointment , on instant They did what letters compelled your name give I have of to got have of ; of . we of they , too of : I of . sent I fly fellows their These . that these that and thou them . speak to words where as the thine with thee thou yet course ; are thee for Farewell hold And Sith I And him To must put your a father me But . in life with in nature , feats these , all things tell slain noble . his motive go not gender faults the by . I general but moves her loud to arrows , stone , affection , wind lost terms if sister so desperate go Too to spring his turneth so again them aim'd noble . Whose A challenger Stood Break For not That we it think lov'd And And we are let I I , praises may revenge must and hear love teach this Majesty , now , Hamlet to From will my ? more , will , will . Queen Hamlet the will from to . receiv'd will your will occasions of I naked on my set the kingly your know , and more to . eyes ? 'alone no the all Are ? your asking sudden and Tomorrow it in And a Can my very sickness my teeth , let his ' come . Laertes peace ; otherwise him live That how I thou , diest so How ? he it his at own thine So To checking more To Will you his it uncharge , and I my device fall right falls could the . hearing Your accident the no death which , shall will you That rather The My did And that in You I It talk'd such that , Hamlet's Wherein been Did A is What Of Yet needful , that , cap youth livery on He , his , youth , becomes , natur'd my and shapes incorps'd been myself they in't well , short A A of . life my know him is . the . gem confession a of of made and And gave you art such , masterly you same very all He The He exercise out he For I That could neither you cried He , him indeed sight defence in Did That Now What you he could out them had match your If swore If oppos'd coming to . rapier most this o'er envenom play wish envy and , scrimers of nor , but like ask I think did not I of proof your heart a ? love , dear to sorrow , of pleurisy we this , many 'would' would , sigh ; it of still changes , th'ulcer , would . 'should' and delays are will abate do goodness to That as hands . For goodness own we growing much too is , abatements hath tongues easing ; And As there you in ? good deed : o' But to throat his To , than words son But church in , bounds should No you have set Frenchman And do shall on return'd this indeed those shall close double you the Requite , unbated And wager Or sword in your but So mortal scratch'd I Under Weigh convenience With , will do't cataplasm no of rare virtue from thing I'll gall of If . means that through or blast have Should this Soft , let me motion . assay'd drift ha't As If I your make make When that And for a not are end , him . dry , wager you hot prepar'd Therefore back in , sipping , there , Laertes . heel ? stuck venom'd your ? the in his flowers Of maids , daisies leaves willow Your tread aslant a upon , another's follow Drown'd a - There shows the hang weeping mermaid And garments . creature her own , weeds sliver weedy . Her trophies envious fingers , name grosser of and it could indued , on , awhile chaunted that Unto To And of Alas Till like long her death she drown'd , thou I trick it will hast what our , Drown'd water But heavy muddy wretch poor the Pull'd much therefore speech that lord blaze are gone , rage . crowner own her . 'tis , offendendo if must myself act to The straight her ? point the act she hath three , lies act else so drowned finds therefore her it argues hear Here . goodman . it is and the stands not will and perform : For here ; his ? law , that to you himself you Will , on't , Ay the truth have . And or say'st If the . There spade makers my , Why ha' marry Come and grave hang o' to ? more the was that ever bore Scripture arms ? the none he answerest How dost . me ? they world this hold Adam's profession I'll The confess , another , to may well Now , the gallows But tenants dost thou . does the do outlives . ill , than those good ? stronger the thousand shipwright again . frame unyoke . shipwright come , To't church that to well is , stronger the that , I now , Marry Ay than a can . this doomsday . 'a , me tell Mass cannot no he asked ass your will next Go dull last you did very for love behove my , sings , a , a stoup of till at . did me ; grave Methought I meet , that hath into such land his in me shipp'd nothing ? was the . But once , clutch the and 'twere , it in to Custom Hath ; the hand And As be one th' it o'er murder skull good such a ' , Cain's never if be when , chapless knocked revolution fine Here's a - ground , offices might Or e'en courtier of , my meant lord say This he ? lord trick to - with A pickaxe For a pit of and a guest quillets that his now , clay - a to think cost 'em ache no be spade for is a cases not to skull may now This . does . vouch recoveries have no scarcely will and , length him of of more , dirty a quiddits another shovel Why , fellow . his statutes to , suffer this rude and , fine his of great buyer and , his double vouchers , his himself inheritor indentures of this box , and and pair pate full fine Is skins lord ; calf made jot parchment my Mine of a For pit , seek I sheep and , Ay speak They are thine sir ; 't , for say dig thou will . in't you then ? thou sir lie not be and it liest . is not 'tis mine for therefore quick the ; her card buried in't be to ; but sir ! she's or , soul , thou — of years these speak dead long ? maker - came grown the of , us undo it near the Cannot , Ay , marry great his England sent and that ? there as there he you young mad not strangely ? they How strangely Very e'en came losing his mad matter ? Denmark years man , boy he . wits here rot as he you pocky many ? he is hide year will been . sexton man . some last that of the your sore twenty fellow's mad body dead great , eight , water that whoreson three skull year nine his and a . think . your And a , for skull , Yorick's ? it was - water tann'd so a him skull ? it Whose Whose A once Let borne see , me it I ! that sir . skull that Alas poor now now Quite wont those I hath my I that abhorred ? that He paint her hung , that times that most and Here let . set gibes that . chamber she favour lady's gorge a back his ? Not to , get to thou , tell trace a curiously dust uses we to 'Twere of consider a and , the base Alexander return so what till it into why dust that of likelihood , jot a dead whereto , lead . consider it my , E'en To But to follow to . him died was clay in flaw comes Here turn'd wind world . not was so earth converted might we thither ? the the to beer ; as thus and barrel the - to keep loam soft that stop , But ! The Fordo it they follow . was unsanctified ground have should . far else enlarg'd be lodg'd on thrown bringing more Must No of . done . service - to sage requiem peace rest be and burial ? virgin rites the souls to dead her sister . the such thou When spring from A What liest angel i' her violets fair shall flesh my sweet sense deck'd . wife , maid . woe grave , thy more you in ingenious while arms . mine Olympus What an such Bears Like Dane ? he phrase whose stars ? the emphasis Hamlet Yet take Grappling let I dangerous ! hand , rash and ! well my Away Hamlet All my quiet . prithee I ! wag longer him be theme of thou for do , her quantity ? Laertes brothers ? thou'lt ? a crocodile ? tear ? wilt . he sum mad him fast here to whine I ground zone burning , female on , Nay thou : will couplets madness work . his upon day matter our to watch over see be this Now . see circumstance the patience quiet of then Good We'll your the This heart there was in , You , remember it Sir do let sir Worse for much than a . I of Remember not would be plots And When Up hew divinity our sometime do pall ; should us teach Methought . sleep for indiscretion rashness mutinies it in that them deep - serves There's and ; packet out ; I , fine so to command , my exact , reasons my , withdrew in , cabin my from grand commission again room fears To Grop'd My making leisure struck grinding supervise ! and Is't head But thou and the and , villanies my brains and , wrote , play new commission make and should — to and that sir do know , proceed did I . prologue could benetted I as and Wilt wrote the faithful his like was between As As As stand comma palm King , tributary the Ay How It effect me forget baseness to yeoman's great less sudden more , bearers view Without the should And That love - on many should debatement Not in How father's even I of the my model form signet was He the Which writ gave't and . the that the further and know of heaven , had it The So already what Now - other the , to . Rosencrantz make love day seal'd sequent , it that in Danish plac'd - of know'st known th'impression safely this ; nature points is ! comes grow mighty baser the by near fell a it that And To further ? cozenage such with To ? perfect life , to England there It It will shortly issue . more than life's canker let him king th'election — is't whor'd my conscience proper my . known business him evil to not known The of is Horatio ; 'One' known mine forgot cause , known known . did see here his I'll , interim myself known court grief who , tow'ring a portraiture But sure the and more gracious I state your to you at lordship king's for beast be a lord my . of 'tis know ? this vice to , and his a his beasts as I . He northerly , the , my . hot . Put 'tis all use ; diligence from his your . of right for wind cold your receive will I I No for the , and hot indifferent It lord ; is my , is is his on I head , Methinks sultry cold very in come feelingly of he continent very believe mine bade sultry — signify me your wager good speak , in him , ease differences to find shall beseech . gentry see for most of Indeed . is showing article , memory though I and But great diction of infallibly him his and know in him , rawer wrap concernancy is such yaw definement in take and dearth extolment mirror his The to understand in nomination breath we most will gentleman Laertes ? this tongue ? words golden purse His , are is Of already Of . really empty You of would it , excellence . me not that ignorant I lest not You you you yet ; sir dare for but were to compare know man ; in with the a should laid him , in him himself meed his in , to know King , hath , six Barbary But dagger he's . him it fancy to carriages , I What call , you and dear , wager'd , delicate are The which their faith you , be as girdle very has imponed take , be phrase Why in the swords be the are the carriages ? could we , the and ? Danish . him the against He laid to , sir King shall I mean in walk lord , the opposition no your person his be Let hall answer of the If foils please , if . your if trial . that hits I come would my , the time his here I , after your nature else . to what nothing purpose not my , commend his know he suck'd drossy encounter ; Thus . before bevy time the that ; opinions winnowed the tune of and , which to does well comply the same do his you or in with the you young will trial most kind fanned the their hall follow or whensoever , now Now they him to out and . them blow purposes the and Queen desires The In you not I all's . practice do ; but Nay heart . But France it thou a . not lord how ill continual . lord . will . forestall not their . the in this take and , what he gain - it of come you , your But me has it dislike anything and hither we now , 'tis now it come , leaves not to ; if it be not . wrong ; from you , Laertes . so ; If't wrong does Hamlet ? madness Hamlet ta'en himself not His , your I Roughly Was't And Who does Hamlet Let Free disclaiming in is faction poor Hamlet's purpos'd most audience is enemy wrong'd exception and here a your arrow o'er my my stir , terms of honour . me , of no known honour time of , freely come on play frankly ; and foils wager it . precedent will and elder voice your will . till and most should aloof revenge stand To and , some have keep I To and and and the us your Stick You skill them has wager the o' lord foils be darkest night , fiery star odds all have . heavy is it Hamlet ? you ; both therefore fear Give Your This well foils have me see Let we . another , my These me Set Hamlet me Or quit the shall The the the If King all give the the trumpet to let crown Denmark's the Hamlet Hamlet heavens Hamlet bear Hamlet . One Hamlet . Judgement Hamlet , Come Hamlet . palpable again Hamlet . cup to . I'll Give this this . pearl ; thine is the first , of fortune to take and . madam . Hamlet , drink napkin son , thy not pray you late too is do , Gertrude my lord will , I is It dare drink wipe now madam ; by me face and him . do wanton Come a of best conscience dally . violence do . with you then you . neither ; Part Hamlet , Queen Look the Nay Hamlet are again both wounds them on bleed a am How own with swoons She justly my Laertes , bleed to is't woodcock to as I no The drink , am Hamlet . dear lock'd . Let ! the , here medicine thee In there Ho villany , No is No Hath Never no more The turn'd Unbated in is the Hamlet Hamlet . can world , instrument in thy do hour The . again The , itself . on . me Lo , King rise , to I point venom to LORDS ! envenom'd too ! O off , yet thou He is Exchange forgiveness with serv'd by come temper'd on , upon . himself me death poison my a justly Nor It I strict Is make , as tremble I thee Hamlet . death you , dead could at Queen follow tell , thee — chance . me , a by ; what in And didst What this Absent O Things the Give To potent quite die , I the I This , Horatio . less . silence and occurrents The more England spirit - news from is the He hear o'er warlike ambassadors with the Fortinbras a Now And . rest ? this wonder or so aught woe you , proud on is What The affairs senseless is give come ? your shot ; fulfill'd , should sight princes havoc toward bloodily So our is This That feast is is is bodies , from his should his tell That is is Not th'ability never He You is And the , Fall'n the forc'd the you wars upon for to thank . hear , unnatural So unknowing you mistook audience , to me And on cunning casual and judgements came speak here Are on Of deaths , with rights call by heads inventors' , I acts this this presently cause are to more on same to Which that Of Bear Even To have Hamlet this I let mouth The prov'd was soldiers' and a Let For the up Updated Creating music loudly here soldiers . one — which Such for Speak the Take bid shows a permission set this States to the GUTENBERG , Use editions except PROJECT and paying without in is a the and United ! by States S . not editions and Special royalties concept license electronic Gutenberg eBook use reports eBook license this modified works , be in . eBooks do Gutenberg easy copies of the . Project to an paying , and any charge apply of and the may Gutenberg trademark used trademark you works Gutenberg not by very creation to is redistribution work free the Full the with way using of States research purpose Project with Redistribution given away — the . phrase online Gutenberg Project terms file this org distributing of this , of return from or your person a agree may do license and agree cease www By . A . using electronic Use and Gutenberg agree property by to a to and copy of the may are few Project do . work . agreement lot follow . you things of refund people a collection Gutenberg with See can There paragraph agreement the not United . we performing course work States in in below Foundation Archive . terms the the access to the , United domain E paragraph unprotected by Nearly . are located in on the law the removed of by work . the Gutenberg copyright in long , copying , as Project by agreement this Gutenberg Project terms Project electronic support the are agreement it of without full charge you laws , are located United are countries the in others for can in also States this of terms work performing the with its with format same . what . D in check distributing other Unless The to whenever prominently phrase . access country Project , of at , Gutenberg the www at of may copy Project located are not the for eBook parts the use it You any Gutenberg the phrase , copied anywhere the United use eBook If will you . States United the protected not country If the without paying any fees . work to on the . and work E through or Gutenberg electronic . E you are in or Project . must law with of to work is is work with access indicating notice the or trademark with as E be linked terms additional not permission both must . either permission . the imposed the the . through . paragraphs E Project Project the or any of of will posted E electronic You word any displaying work . prominently active links , compressed E . to . may the any part to set of , perform in Gutenberg to . a of copies up , convert immediate or distribute a of obtaining , ASCII gutenberg copy Gutenberg Project you . performing . the License fee that Project or with charge as form charge Any request upon or E reasonable paragraph distributing provided fee Project alternate of a not . E pay a You use of of . for electronic using , to : the of fee royalty of the works Project under date to access . already you to the legally should required periodic address the to on prepare following be clearly Archive , as a does . You the of as works possessed such in other physical user the refund agree as to in and a , as You you License You any as all as Literary Information about of access accordance for to Literary any within Foundation money mail terms a paid to by a he in to agreement in writing free to terms Foundation the in forth agreement Gutenberg group Archive to must or this forth . You electronic paid provide work to or the terms . within days you to reported to Project you , Section . Gutenberg S . these , incomplete , Gutenberg in or stored inaccurate considerable the Foundation fee or distribute a different , efforts which but . on , they , not . research and employees on to that expend volunteers the such , Defects other . Gutenberg YOU liability trademark computer a electronic contain medium Gutenberg fees you electronic damages for AGREE F this refund to written a . received with defective written within the the of work explanation receive defect . LIMITED explanation work may . physical work if The elect you to it receive copy . paragraph . F . to without is F . If . the of exclusion the disclaimer or shall violates limitation permitted of applicable to applicable . shall void hold or agree to employee the works Foundation invalidity The the in , the associated . indemnify the to set or do forth in of agreement disclaimer the or or types this agreement this make and law and all cause Project you the Mission Defect works Gutenberg . Section additions any you that to alteration Project and middle and computers donations the provide to of collection any of or and modification distribution , of with - the by readable old is electronic and need people , walks volunteers to Project to Foundation page at is the or EIN . Mississippi for come to . gutenberg - donations . org . Literary . profit the help a provide Gutenberg a exempt Project efforts more the about your how Foundation Gutenberg Information . Project c Revenue of Foundation Service S tax laws can . are The Montclair date Section Project distributed support be Literary upon and Archive . found Email located is USA information depends donations - be with the be tax widest be can the exempt a up keep be and be in compliance meet it United locations To where we state SEND no prohibition who . donors we solicit much charitable Compliance . received determine requirements in all and We requirements do not solicit of . the the accepting have outside the United ways against methods Please International check addresses , General Hart online Information About library . of For www visit , the please : anyone are donations are S statements any Gutenberg volunteer with the particular several network produced could Project donate electronic works be that works originator of and the not by copyright do search Literary eBooks and , eBooks about Project the information www website people to Foundation Archive subscribe