. Stand . me yourself unfold and answer Who's most twelve struck 'Tis think I I rivals them . to this , them ? Marcellus Barnardo Give O Friends the honest And . is ! him Horatio place my A What , Say again seen have Welcome , along him us of to night it . once hold our nothing . I belief 'tis let again , approve the this not may He eyes not assail awhile , this speak seen story heaven pole sit down , we of the . it Look , to me Mark King dead and part that beating . comes the off . figure art the Horatio , spoke Looks like would be of fair , Horatio . offended It See it stalks I thee speak and ? usurp'st and I heaven majesty that , In with By sometimes the is look something on't ! will . might true believe ! than pale . fantasy and away ! charge gone Is it King ! answer tremble more ? avouch ! not and very the was ! Is not this , like the eyes thyself strange the Such smote Without thou hath gone watch by he work our . my , not . parle ice angry ; on hour knows he state and at of jump sledded , in an the opinion . watch that sweaty me haste ; cannon whose . task , Norway us , week , with the sore , of Sunday toward divide such Does What least , inform the , his conqueror ; competent , who ; our ratified side of of which forfeit know now so I ; appear'd That Whose , by emulate , last seal'd , those all , life his stood gaged To our the Well Fortinbras ; by Fortinbras , young , as moiety which of seiz'd Which For Did Against ; inheritance vanquisher of article . the Had For it But food mettle carriage skirts , to , other , here enterprise , same which of Hamlet Was fell His , Shark'd up a doth a stomach So , by As terms father think , this through it that is may - compulsatory sort haste our watch other the it armed mote watch Comes Of I Well is our In A watch the The And , the preparations I take watch e'en so state little stood the palmy mind's watch trouble most and stars Did The watch post squeak trains influence doomsday empire . streets , watch , Rome sheeted Roman fire tenantless to question ere sick Upon And Was high the the ; like to heaven the the Disasters to sun mightiest and and whose prologue As even That may any climatures , Stay , again , avoid of use or it , But And there to If be thee privy may country's grace done comes Lo hast soft I'll cross Extorted Speak . it thou , strike Shall it of , I , here here do 'Tis so air , of invulnerable , violence For And it if will , 'Tis not . the have the or his and earth warning , throat morn a hies truth made Th'extravagant god Doth It To faded present confine our that on Some say the ever birth all dare abroad season is , And bird say , So takes wholesome hath power time believe and , fairy have But o'er dew , night , cock the that celebrated comes Hamlet gracious spirit witch nor are nights The hallow'd and in in is do russet mantle ; strike they , then I morn the look to consent , Unto spirit you I Let's in we loves dumb needful Do impart shall we Where As The do't , Laertes Cornelius be far Therefore Together To and , kingdom befitted ; woe one discretion sorrow and with dirge and mirth we Taken Your Th'imperial , as jointress hath contracted with we so in wisest of nature , queen state eye , ourselves of sister delight and gone , death Fortinbras frame lands , have dole herein , freely of , with his pester for most brother father surrender , much of of and this to with this we all dear of know our worth all our . meeting of purpose ; and of this Norway business uncle of : bonds us , writ , young So much for hears , law of dispatch . your , you and Cornelius Out You For and and all CORNELIUS these his , impotent To , in bed further His Farewell In doubt speak of reason What , Laertes . Laertes ? asking to instrumental Denmark wouldst Than The not voice Laertes , that You shall And leave though show duty willingly Dread To Yet Your wishes favour From My is lose your and thou of offer to to to thy the to ? more hand bow them your you Have my bend last . leave me Polonius consent toward your in my thoughts Take Upon , father's gracious leave ? says my leave time thy my less am Hamlet , so , my look thine Good Not Aside How it is A But And too still , cast thy much and that lord for thy Passing Seek a friend that , off the dust mother ; is Nay , be all it is thee I with ? the in suspiration the not madam they that a me forms all That Nor the dejected , truly within the might , play which . moods river breath know denote with Seems Nor are that , seems not black solemn it , 'Tis alone my have customary suits nor of , haviour man shows eye , heaven grief course Hamlet , to father , the term to , 'Tis is , obligation do To a fault heaven common , absurd 'tis a fault he till dead , who died common sense as ; to and unschool'd impatient ? first world of throw to earth today still ' . This any heart against To A As are You that And our us Wittenberg father you school your of to let and , most be must Is the less to beseech going father a Than Do And most , cousin and . our our to son to think the throne take note in mother stay shall in all my us lose bend to immediate eye not to a . Denmark loving . remain her go , of ; Be jocund 'tis Sits obey of again Hamlet , health thee pray I I smiling gentle heart rouse . shall shall tell , into flesh drinks grace would had 'tis rank gross garden uses fie ; things come in , world unweeded much that not should this not an ! the that , all Oh seed merely months two That grows to dead on't That So How 'gainst , this fix'd God a and of slaughter Or Everlasting . the weary Hyperion Visit I might a nay ; satyr — too Why , nature to , a her not which all followed ere and ; and to two ! so my ! she uncle mine with father's even month of shoes grown , loving so fed Niobe Would My Must remember increase that — she — of on't , my to to it for wicked in of beast or little month tears A mourn'd father's Than my dexterity heart Hail , With married Ere It break Horatio , or my , must incestuous most O . And , you And lord forget , ever . lord my enemy ear from Good good so violence own your you you — with Marcellus good you Wittenberg from make am But not hear , say lord My , make , what my would that Wittenberg my ? no Elsinore you my father's my . student are my meats funeral , my that , We'll Would Did my I came to furnish my father Or My Where , a goodly Horatio all was him a shall not , mind's my was once In ever coldly had — I He saw , methinks I ? think , king With an King my look upon My your . for of to For the encounter'd . God's together Barnardo had waste Two me , This Upon , and with thrice surprised fear : act to This fear , impart of distill'd , watch gentlemen father cap , and slow And Where of In thing comes are word was . where we watch . it more jelly to Almost dumb the night not platform true both kept they not the I The apparition hands But These Form But My . it : address once ; crew and did speak honour'd strange . lord live did And morning made it yet it cock away loud my 'Tis you morning ; true troubles this morning duty our . of but . my , morning watch morning say BARNARDO in tonight morning think do I Indeed indeed To we saw Then , look'd , frowningly beaver . wore he he in red ? up . his , sorrow ? long a and might haste his upon there when longer ? much like very would It While I Very one Longer I I warrant I I will 'twill silver'd watch . I have was sable tonight you assume I Perchance it will I I A I Give I will Let If And an whatsoever your loves platform shall your I hell walk again . gape ; no hap peace tonight but , in , my hold I'll you . farewell you honour to is not , sight this conceal'd else . So tongue still silence eleven . All the eyes come well you your as foul Our visit to would : Farewell winds , assistant sister convoy But , is , do me it Forward you not benefit , of toy primy not lasting . his doubt in and a nature , waxes now loves he as this mind doth must cautel ; soil ; nor , choice : not and you besmirch , choice his you to his soul loves it and which deed wisdom his this for of be birth own subject must if circumscrib'd , believe goes withal he says act far state , of place to and therefore the As weigh To , importunity , desire , moon of your of rear what Or give voice of ; particular list chaste dear strokes beauty their and prodigal is unmask it Fear And Out of the Ophelia his or loss too , with it Too oft blastments rebels itself be affection open treasure . fear in good none near keep : the of my , then though thorny me Be The before morn good do brother disclos'd spring of infants are . my . a a smiles blessing heaven libertine treads . here his not too here are sail shame . double second of , thy thoughts memory no for aboard in thy but , stay'd sits The familiar his means adoption tried . tongue There , act by hoops of vulgar you . There your upon these Laertes ? There my shoulder , There judgement few can : thy There thee voice , not , There There . entertainment in : chief generous a nor loses France of most select and in thy buy friend lender that . rank and the edge itself husbandry self ; true be night to in the ; man thee . tend any false as thine of they a oft my ; go said have you remember lord my this take , invites you blessing servants your in yourself , I shall , it of , something well touching Ophelia What What So please Marry he Farewell bethought , he time so , your 'Tis If it of audience private Have Ophelia , And of it You that behoves as ; you . for dearly ; true a more ; tenders , his ? call lord , speak , late me green tenders circumstance them I you ? wind of me the ; to , holy In fashion Or it thus , these tenders tender you'll to not With lord — Running My he may Ay And , it call countenance to all to , of my , hath promise their more Even Do not And , a Than his so command him for unholy given much , Ay the take for fire it the soul , Ophelia , bawds from moment you would better beguile you In their of and This , or any the ways . young is . which dye believe of not , to they are brokers . this , investments he he larger a ; may forth . plain Have Look I shall obey . It bites , my lord , of , twelve is , an think heard I , it Indeed wassail as he drains his and bray , pledge rouse my draws his down out , lord upspring ; native , with indeed of than it is born the and breach manner though in to This honour'd - and other west takes particular our chances mole wherein though , phrase . addition , though of , drunkards headed tax'd it at attribute not guilty , height nature perform'd in though , these much complexion his nature their breaking Or of plausive manners as as though reason defect pure infinite though general be , Since their and marrow though o'erleavens ; origin , habit form The Oft stamp Fortune's they as fault substance . of , my . censure , goblin defend grace blasts it doubt hell evil from shape ! or thee answer ; but cerements thee O charitable , or wicked com'st speak burst thee Thou I thoughts this beyond Wherefore is the , quietly and may , desire with impartment some ? corse again why the sepulchre mean nature ? we should away alone action . to it removed our shake to To it reaches why With It But do to what you speak by with you beckons Do did , soul And me my Why set do What tempt It what should will I then ; might That Or Being to not summit base assume other of fathoms so Without the again for deprive into madness The still , waves it every brain sea draw you puts hears off Hold ; you not on It looks And hands your I'll Go as out Nemean I hardy , go my lord each petty me the . go shall cries this lets — ghost I I'll say Let's By after the issue desperate obey with ! Go on . come thus fit not is rotten no I'll go . up hour , poor sulph'rous and Alas When render ghost . unfold shall I me is almost ! come art to . hear . shalt , of I that - word start my house , Doom'd the purg'd a for foul away done to fast am part stand freeze tale stars thy must blazon the hair combined thy like eternal blood flesh To Make burnt unfold in days confin'd term certain And Are harrow and for Till the soul locks prison of a whose their list . most as in the wings love is it . I May to most the sweep meditation me his Revenge But know't thou rots given thou And Haste As thoughts fat my , as with be ease , so of father's his me abus'd A out serpent stung serpent The a Wouldst Is by that in Rankly 'Tis than Lethe orchard , soul Denmark ear , Now . in on the most of will wit to So O that love won with ! life thy sting that , my and seeming to his queen lust power dignity the decline - a what seduce wit of that never ; mov'd celestial garbage on in virtue sate morning air , radiant be My Brief let my ! Will to natural as , heaven of scent I me With , though court Sleeping afternoon my be shape it angel will link'd a a juice And And such leperous distilment my thy of the ears effect man it into with like most lazar I queen body like droppings did about brother's my dispatch'd , at by , of : the thou ! No With horrible hast Let howsoever couch not nature in ! horrible , damned on sent once , blossoms . of ; account bear soul ; be . in Unhous'led O off Cut The glow And To those But And thy mother sting 'gins A thy O shall And I you me sinews heaven adieu worm to Against and shows in her her Adieu And books from all and commandment , away , my Ay Yea poor , couple you hell , ghost while ? past pressures memory live of observation table . all O earth ! O , thou bear . my fond trivial distracted up stiffly this memory thee a holds , all matter That O least It . At So is uncle , Within O most woman down damned ! ' . a , be so Now , in remember . be Denmark word . lord bird it , be , Within , Hillo Heaven ho ho Within How Illo , boy Come is't , ho , O my lord lord What Good my , lord of my lord reveal it . heaven man think by . in MARCELLUS secret ? the : right — grave be you'll . all , poor and desire and go own part , lord . my part desire you , you is every your , you are the and shake we man , for business ; as hath whirling offend faith but you wild For and Yes offence too . know friends as desire honest And I'm sorry no , heartily . have My may ghost to you are Never It , my my Nay lord , we you and request . I my We faith In . not will faith in , lord I , truepenny already . Cries hear so my sword . lord sword . have under , Propose the Consent this fellow indeed seen . Never to et ubique Swear lay Hic Never And speak mole Canst this is strange , come things as How That There And are as and A worthy Than dreamt of but your soe'er in . wondrous But , hereafter , might' hereafter , hereafter , you help . this to hereafter note they we phrase head some 'We out be if shake , to hereafter hereafter , and , could of , ambiguous of and your Swear me most 'There giving at mercy aught speak' do me as lack love a , know need So to you and . born let's it . pray spite , to set . go joint Let friending . commend . money The That Nay , was right in to lips , willing still time do his behaviour make inquiry my these . Reynaldo lord , said me what , intend are , and what question and in good to wisely , sir said you Paris did . finding , more his distant will drift son demands come expense it of his this lord touch of My ; at , Danskers . mark , you do , he , you very wild on so there and ; Reynaldo . slips , wild may , know him' but say take ; and dishonour , To , and companions such so sir drinking swearing ? of heed , fencing so , may , the scandal season would You , or dishonour liberty wanton , another . far on him , blood taints open but That , charge quaintly , know liberty faults ; incontinency to breathe a his lord flash do mind ; fiery you of outbreak unreclaimed assault general you Of But good this you , working him or in this you consequence ' 'friend th' you , converse in party Your you believe it little breathe ; the and or , guilty you so this to . about ' say , my he , addition did does something I 'gentleman' ? lord was Of to According Very then And mass the Or there the , or ; rouse ; say ? as house perchance now truth , you ; advice of bias . of sale' and o'ertook , you reach or , do bait thus And we falsehood him was he out so a See . of You . son you my Shall b' I lord my his And him his . you music . my , Well shall I , ply in lord matter have . the , With Alas Hamlet , lord as Lord How down look his , a shirt his And As with speak been so piteous other , each doublet name do it , stockings comes love but I fear , out purport hell his of he , for do horrors so down mine , sigh head shaking of of held hard arm brow of thus it took last And end it did . Then he his falls would As thrice with draw seem being with to find head That to He And And And rais'd out leads This is me doors last seem'd And his his bended went go ecstasy I way without seek of go the afflict I , did lord itself , desperate fordoes love , hard as letters me heed late ? did denied age jealousy , did better . made His him but to beshrew am grief be This hath fear'd our but . and you move ! trifle not sorry that proper ourselves it To As More known discretion is in our sort King , and to did Rosencrantz Moreover that , Of Our you have I lack must The I That vouchsafe so Welcome dear sending hasty More , than So little being So Resembles Since that it draw from your since Some his of time to young of from much days I entreat . dream you And , unknown adheres show the to whom And As supply a visitation Your For sovereign fits by Both your profit To Put more . full , us command , receive such As you into feet gentle and , where Go instantly gentle your bent to . you . some And lay give ourselves Pleasant Ay And Thanks Th'ambassadors liege , good King , of return'd still Hunts to And Thou hast ? think I hold I that do I to speak Both , to I Assure God , admittance , to be first not — to us'd my duty as my policy that to and , sweet tells and the them , do He The the hath them have found sure . to that th'ambassadors that he distemper . bring great ; that son's in fruit grace source queen o'erhasty main friends good ! our suppress out to appear'd him sift no of your greetings sent to and brother Norway ? griev'd truly whereat out arrests , and in and Polack found , fine , more , annual those with overcome Polack , to thousand Norway of his ; hand in your a be look'd against That Fortinbras him So please you for safety set us to more therein likes , Answer such entreaty herein further shown soldiers in employ fee joy the , think As Through consider'd of time we'll business took home your upon - feast this . at ended together welcome My This What you and It read time , duty and of , mad mad art art time , soul ? 'tis . A I , 'tis mad is pity farewell let it us And he What Mad That Thus Or Mad we an Hath me a , in I celestial That's To the Who given phrase : and ill at doubt I . these the the are , vile a is , believe it move a thou Doubt am thee lady , in my daughter hath above , most , hath mine whilst numbers love I best this sun to that , I dear most All by , to time you think me by . and man As a I would fain seen hot on , you think must But ? and ? honourable faithful had I I your told daughter , mute and , tell love what love might what work , think , it so dear had If I bespeak , dumb I her I , a this No thus I idle , make I fast I , weakness short no I out I tokens of then And should young think my play'd the love . Admit This herself must What That Which herself Fell he herself herself is a Hamlet 'Lord herself herself from tale a a this raves It herself Do all you a done And , and wherein madness sadness then into he , the this from Where Take truth How we Within You be otherwise centre the . hours four it . it indeed ? the a such I'll I loose and At you in does further together indeed . him to then not thereon her , love fall'n state me , O . do the beseech wretch both - a mercy . good presently I try a poor away . does But look Away my give leave . me Not I , know my so were be to sir , honest the if That's i' walk daughter sun breed this carrion you very true sun th' was I again words far Yet not daughter is read my he gone , very . much . youth extremity harping may not this . by And I'll the gone is , words , read to am not old . be go , if wit grey . lord says they madness , is I old of thus like crab you ? my there , my it most method How on reason my and I will pregnant him and and part my willingly . fools my my old well , from delivered often that o' out ! are , Indeed replies could , cannot You My sanity honourable , lord , I means the contrive suddenly withal sir except life my take Fare These the to friends ! How , there he is . sir God . lord dost My that we of do how . Good lads Neither , her favours a . is she strumpet lord ? the we privates the , news the grown at hither ? deserved to you my you have . near What , that that my good , my , not which one We think there a Denmark's one so you so it many world then I be could infinite 'tis ambition space ambitious were bounded not A dream a that is . substance too king of I , th' wait upon I are . Shall beggars court of so but light shadow of a . and fay , my attended of dreadfully rest you not . sent And you thank other occasion . Were But ? Come ? lord it justly , confession enough anything I the your we say , were your what To know But . too dear ; nay free halfpenny thanks Is , good end youth let But and by what a and charge fellowship must you ever , you , to , of kind , have , I lord tell will My , eye . of to know not , lost Queen anticipation . for you you If sent . prevent no , feather , me have hold discovery forgone I , all o'erhanging , how of this , and and golden with fretted air apprehension delights Man dust ? your world My lord of in and animals by paragon though , you , said on man them you , delights not what . so nor me , a god you admirable ; is you say to you in you thoughts . you entertainment lover ; shall Majesty his his , humorous knight from if you . not in We offer and his th' ? innovation ? Are city did followed rusty Do pace grow ; not they are they but fashion and wearing thither scarce now of that them dare — top are How ? better to common players Will question sir , say not ? as is nation for succession can escoted they . wrong them while brains about been the to much no they against on . poet Is't possible the and question throwing it carry of . and too his those , twenty for apiece at him ducats this than while in hundred strange they do for ; mouths very Do , something you is , fifty make there appurtenance , garb are welcome of my welcome Elsinore and what When west - to and to the players . you . yours than lord ? hands me I aunt - tell . You the handsaw mother is dear my But In father wind hawk a are deceived southerly , I That man . for players morning . you an lord Roscius tell 'twas twice sir prophesy he's baby will the he second of the . on came in the best , pastoral of . The actors cannot writ O law What , treasure unlimited tragical historical - liberty too be the Israel he Why loved right Still Aside th' , he daughter a my then . Nay follows Why follows most you , as know wot , What my , i' not I Am It of welcome The row good friends , By'r lady , last gold came first thee mistress last you and , by . the masters . We'll are see piece are What above all , quality speak have welcome of uncurrent thee not speech straight my the , as down method One sallets that wholesome it see : speech , in your in live — sable horse resemble , smear'd impasted of With as rugged Pyrrhus couched , he whose it see If , me thereabout and . it slaughter me , and line this is his lay with tyrannous . o'ersized thus vile and now and and To and That lend a and parching trick'd , and him Greeks sword arm where and with spoken command , he well , finds short Rebellious to . Unequal it , fell Ilium , sword , wide ; his match'd lies . falls strikes , senseless rage of hideous to Of reverend Which Pyrrhus' his father feel prisoner a painted tyrant on the i' seem'd declining . the speechless , rack orb still hammers work - fall thunder Pyrrhus' matter storm some and the after new a did vengeance winds , bleeding on Fortune Pyrrhus' All for so than falls strumpet , synod her her fellies Now bowl general Mars's never , Priam ! take away . heaven of . and sets ; anon Cyclops' the proof from , on sleeps he your with , barber's come on tale too the a ; or beard bawdry . threat'ning This is long . 'The queen' good queen' mobled barefoot bisson diadem A , That's 'Mobled , for . is head , then steep'd — robe pronounc'd have in all her Where in state gods she blanket and o'erteemed up caught fear — husband's see , venom tongue themselves Pyrrhus his instant In But burst mincing burning the clamour that sport , eyes at make have And his you have I'll . you ; well After for death the thee out soon the . eyes . in and of speak players are you used , well your them brief Do hear . and Gonzago ? time ill their than dignity desert is will I , lord My is Use sirs hear a is Come friends old Ay ? is your own honour bounty . is The play . and insert speech is could some is of tomorrow . you not leave . mock I'll . for would not ? study , in't and I which Very a . welcome you Rosencrantz well Good friends are My this in rogue God what wi' force that night . You b' and a so working fiction not it in Could That Tears broken eyes and all his monstrous ye in soul his forms his With That O so a his should the ? That he And cleave mad the the , or ? the drown tears , What ? would Hecuba do ; peak , I speech the free , Yet of for life most my . nothing ! cue motive Hecuba A Like can Upon defeat . th' blows breaks Am dear unpregnant ears horrid , with indeed king ? and and eyes of the very a - nothing to - liver'd me in my face ? i' does across pate lie this be Bloody kindless ere lack villain lecherous ass , should have . all , or dear of bitter As ! But I beard and my the deep To this bitter 'Swounds , nose oppression vengeance ! This and heart Foh bitter have , bitter kites region this , father bitter drab presently the I upon't , bitter heard with malefactions no he to something miraculous it proclaim'd so struck mine Before Play They Been About the the quick the . have these but father will I'll such melancholy devil The , The seen power hath , my his of . have I potent yea that perhaps circumstance quiet of turbulent days from But Grating him by no his what does and dangerous no ? conscience When But drift this puts of harshly all He Nor Of find confess With Get so he feels himself lunacy . aloof . be , players Of that we his . To think They are have in . of And , raught hear , This o'er - it did And my To drive And Good hear beseech'd night I me to With We Gertrude , father we all shall , sent Ophelia , espials is him their encounter frankly seeing , accident myself of gather That may obey suffers as be by Hamlet . may hither and Sweet We That Will bestow Affront , behav'd you the I wonted his beauties may , Ophelia will We Your ourselves That walk you — Hamlet's Madam smart The Is How more lash that to The action devil pious We are that we an with so Gracious Ophelia to may please , devotion's Read in . on this book , this blame sugar true to , Aside a is not I him hear Than my deed . mind , be arms slings or that of a To die to shocks , we die to to flesh by to , To dream : 'tis natural — sea them ache ; opposing No And heart For Must we in off mortal . pause to end say a , fortune coil life contumely , delay takes make the of Who , bear would bare grunt bodkin himself the death ay dreams fardels weary time sweat But a The When With No traveller bear not of law's proud man's , under That The pangs of that undiscover'd , from will ills the make , we cowards . action of with native turn Soft ! of thus Is And With And conscience Thus thank The lose enterprises does I How all pale and cast their remember'd . currents fair That you , the sins well . deliver - I you your does Good for a , this well lord I now long have humbly them rich perfume compos'd aught so the noble did you , of . you ! Are honest givers well My honour'd I gave you . know when more words with the you again my Are means fair ? honesty than with honesty should transform ? admit discourse from beauty time . once , sooner . better of paradox can but honesty so you a the beauty lord This the force have , beauty Ay what his did your your bawd it to of translate . deceived inoculate breeder it virtue I . more the my likeness I , for me gives proud I have time or than old our not cannot , a me to mother ; You to indifferent better ambitious of but with imagination give be that should shut thou Why wouldst of such very ways am , to I , shape of your Where's help this play thy shalt thee . monsters wilt . thou marry . marry needs dowry . calumny Farewell given but nowhere fool . restore enough jig creatures another too powers , wantonness and you , not them of ! if him marry chaste If fool ice nunnery a to ; you yourselves quickly thou thou too what escape make . To your are tongue , mould eye fair quite , o'erthrown hath make are it , hath , they , you . all , deject his most and ladies , is keep more rest , Like Now That noble tune woe of and harsh nunnery me what . feature out , soldier's The Th'observ'd I of the of blown , youth , little see vows ecstasy have , most he I be , affections lack'd something with Thus demand some Will Haply For set the different , disclose , England on't thus heart his What think himself of still our he in danger Was O'er his madness like not You need The We queen tell origin the With something well from neglected what now the him you please conference their Let commencement Sprung hold grief commencement plac'd commencement all show you not It commencement To And Of or be best . let mother and commencement it My us fit all so To it commencement heard his , If be his send It England shall pronounced many as , I gently passion too in for do it do the not , a it must to me groundlings inexplicable tear , O the of to give my mouth you I as it but may , are a but Pray as , temperance , to noise most the part hear soul . I nothing split fellow honour for , shows and . special of modesty the the action observance too , overdone Suit to to that , very periwig ears the , who dumb it avoid . Termagant the age nature very in Now unskilful , praise O and the hold , whose nature action anything discretion . to the end ; both . 'twere as her your for , this , mirror , make and cannot players not nor that reform'd had of , that . abominably made those . speak not made I I that highly Christians us must , strutted the allowance have it them to have bellowed be nor neither , and heard some that profanely O themselves the in to for , no laugh be pitiful ready a clowns the play work . spectators your will barren there quantity , it of shows of most then you of piece and make them ? that service hasten ROSENCRANTZ We will you Will , Horatio a man , spirits be ? choice from thy the good of hinges tongue I think do For revenue advancement should lick the her election hast For , that her those mingled are - co finger rewards man that thou suffers nothing hear , was men for that thanks buffets of distinguish of blood To sound do thee passion's stop are In they my It Do a mine I stithy As For And unkennel that his Give will the . this play the ; foul judgements ; join must our his lord is pay be Polonius others Queen , and Guildenstern . note him are as whilst we after of heedful to will Well detecting playing . the I you Enter A are 'scape to a so eat They faith the : nor i' promise Danish march . How . Rosencrantz flourish , mine nothing did , To Hamlet enact , th'university feed cousin cannot my with have of you chameleon's I are . these words you good say My ? play'd once there . your stay . the patience me a th' did kill'd so ready they my ! here's O King , lie your . players ; my ? that mark lap matters . lie to think my , No a you is my . upon head my fair nothing between maids' Nothing , lord my are You , a ? man do for half or epitaph O But ? suffer . for have year a I'll he O ' is ! maker my - looks What , the two two , my and devil churches , build asleep , embracing . a King's and bank takes he him , shall a He ears makes , a . four Mutes protestation unto ; of , it his kneels and horse then horse her or King poison , some The dead body is carried the Queen and him Lays leaves neck comes him dead Anon upon , Poisoner mallecho imports the the means it ; means the gifts her Poisoner The , off . his lament woos action exits the finds with . three and , play meant mischief of the what this not . What Marry Belike know We this show , any are You hearing naught tell him to tell : cannot means tragedy are Here stooping for of ring the I'll it you'll not that shame us Will show you naught what to posy my love . Phoebus' this or , Full wash thirty and woman's As your a 'Tis brief beg Is We times , commutual hath dozen Make is me But Since cheer Yet , though love ere from nothing of done and sacred bands sick so So , us woe hearts twelve thirties been , state distrust must late , made hath proof love , you o'er your former you so ; do love and my far , count are lord , you or you In from it extremity I my is , And My I what neither is , the siz'd in in my but be — me be behind world grows fear kind fair one must shalt None Faith must powers thee functions shalt let breast . who treason rest and For live in this none of love . marriage in validity break what think we is tree , forget memory ; the . be : debt lose passion when like now To pay Most But I second Purpose The joy The But violent believe do , do birth , what necessary the unshaken they sticks , fruit Grief to passion fall most , prove ; destroy we . to else us , most even Whether who left For , yet our on lament accident not fortunes own , down fortune left should revels joy not grief with This world joys , doth left is 'tis great Our The left And not in Directly orderly to end hollow shall , question left a a doth his never fortune try friend friend you or left fortune love , and husband overthrown still . own . dead light still , still still first food from nor me trust it strife wife , still is . still our of second be face . still , with and fain , Sweet widow hence would once If , Sleep never And 'Tis My To ever me lasting she leave sleep thy between mischance too methinks she'll protests Have rock us this . i' ? world ; play This . Tropically ? is name the a Duke's : his is the wife what not . work piece souls to nephew , wince ; This and anon Marry how Gonzago . Vienna in murder done we 'tis knavish good chorus love dallying and interpret cost you better husbands keen — the , and your . hands . black Thoughts season Come Thy ban apt a worse , begin mistake , faces extant He poisons him , th'garden i' is and His estate written What murderer for's Italian love . rises with my fares wife anon . false lord fire ? deer away some . on my must some Give . sleep Provincial two while ungalled Would Half ; world with a with , me ; in a cry of sir rest of my So runs of forest share O the fellowship have word pajock thousand a ? O good For dost know dismantled very . here now might very A rhymed . himself A was ? take ha very of note like , some it . the recorders music perdie the lord well likes the . a vouchsafe Come , comedy you . lord , King with the purgation to put into itself his choler him sir , him choler this to start would . affair I put show should Your Queen The more signify perhaps plunge . frame , discourse courtesy this lord ; my to cannot the , spirit of . you . are a your business and wholesome is me I , lord I What I , if commandment a , your behaviour . I , wit's ? be end of I answer mother I my — I , say , struck matter rather or . mother's I you Have . amazement her ! is into , sequel ere us ? closet with once pickers go stealers bar surely . friend further there to no ? you do distemper your of advancement by did of deny mother times ten , My still trade cause the have you Good but , that door upon my , the O that . understand well , my Will not , lord I the while Ay recorders my if , I , cannot is drive would . finger and it , lord . stops my your will I the discourse with the are harmony . you beseech govern you any thing stops from music my , of these Look know me , with : me note lowest . much make a Call , most not little . of ! make you do you think will . though almost yonder see mystery you there would pluck out you and , am camel . a backed like . is like like Methinks My lord , cloud that's shape , camel . whale by me . By , the a mass by by come . by Leave friends . to the , fool said , Now business as the day mother nature Soft . churchyards And to yawn now 'Tis Contagion The soul look world the by Let and I give heart to this do of cruel in be daggers to her in somever my it safe never words not on in soul shent none in : along may Hazard to near Out in . grow you , you dispatch in prepare with us in England your us bodies your religious provide . doth estate The To not nor range Therefore will , madness his he not . The all To single and upon it hourly and much majesty doth things falls , petty ; adjoin'd small boist'rous ten of huge whose Are , with and Attends the spokes the To it The Fix'd summit ; alone not That keep itself upon . 'noyance on Dies mortis'd when , gulf draw groan general this , voyage fear . closet . convey lord you that more said than was she'll We partial tax it a , and to mother's free , you pray I For warrant , some Fare I . liege myself o'erhear is I'll 'Tis nature vantage . to said mother , should heaven bound I first can sharp my double business : to Pray you them makes Since Thanks , eldest what you tell And Were both stand My Though It forestalled being is fault And pause What if heavens blood but shall cursed serves mercy this thicker to but rain as ere . But wash the in what's be pardon'd but but There May the And but out the no but But of own , oft repentance Try may My those cannot mine pardon'd th'offence shove and ambition I I am the may retain the . 'tis action ? evidence world . my may law true the ! bosom to may lies the hand shuffling may and forehead What in To what wretched limed may and heart can we faults it what Yet O more stubborn Now And I'll . would he . father , for to do And pat do , do't O hire , son this , and and now new , angels ! the be may All sinews ; I is goes same he is ; bread be full , and am I of passage his purging season'd soul ? know for thou asleep or in . then thought reveng'd , of his A To With broad blown And in take And all . When Or That whereto of may damn'd mother his heels thy his . stands a , rises advances stays : in't at heaven sickly , with bear been This hell that soul but goes thoughts The fly words Much And you broad and me with mother . here Look you Pray Tell He heaven to go . his . straight him that your . Within heat Withdraw stood mother . the matter much offended . father hast be and Now , you my answer Hamlet Mother , you father a . mother , with now ? so . with question much offended . were Nay , it would how the are Have , to not , your not , up ? speak . so sit shall glass . wife You by rood the set part not ho ? What Help ? you Where may do . now A , dead help Thou I'll set What Dead thou Behind , help , this ? brother , O . I not bloody , good — is the done ? it hast king ? farewell ! shall , tongue , fortune thy modesty the From the Such , I hypocrite blurs What That have let In grace and blush of love marriage Makes an act rude As forehead . against the . what Heaven's words visage - the doth glow plucks makes , deed of there blister , a dicers' body and thunders in , vows a such mass sweet this Yea loud , index , brow brothers on seated was upon what like , grace roars This To every the husband your Where curls lighted A fair . a man indeed - and god his Here A station a Mercury and a the to assurance Could You Else motion Sense and , at ; have not you The And waits in ? choice was't sight hoodman of , difference you , eyes so not devil ? part sickly a without thus serve But a cozen'd without hey blood is tame sure would : blind all sense wax ? blush true , or feeling this Rebellious virtue be as a in her compulsive ardour gives no actively youth Since melt thou but Ears Could Eyes , more . no into Hamlet , there turn'st O reason as fire own the Proclaim hell canst . leave but to live enseamed . shame bones , not , grained will black their ; Hamlet like part of murderer and ; rule , the vice A not lord that A your from A cutpurse more is a twentieth ! sweet the o'er with You Alas ! What would your gracious figure kings ! of shelf empire And put patches mad son lets chide , by , king A hover weakest her with , step But Is to whet thy on her Speak in forget but between at How is And Forth , as the air wildly the in Hamlet Alas incorporal eye alarm , sits fighting you O how bend eyes , end of , gentle excrements , you with vacancy in thy son , peep distemper not how you life an heat on Lest stern want , glares tears you nothing ? see ? blood convert effects whom do is all Nor see Do you Why you there where look the This father No ! cunning in Ecstasy very is he , in his now as out your ecstasy This My I And gambol Lay That to , which of your madness all what compost the heaven within ulcerous madness , not keep , is love , speaks test to is avoid , For , and hast to pardon Forgive woo O Infects . unseen these heart part the vice of this weeds come to the spread ranker in , thou for worser with not if who gives evil a night cleft leave him . curb O And Of next abstinence shall to habits Assume With the aptly that And of you blessing but curb lend Refrain tonight easiness of throw , to For me same bles'd , it pleas'd stamp next or The more him . And me I The To will Thus must him cruel begins One That I beg do punish must gave with ; will again only and bestow death bad Or I by the Pinch But For . craft that's mad Would queen good you let him gib Who fair , bed to , know , the sense and fly , on house's famous so ? ape of , a to him let paddling Make you ravel , kisses damn'd , to be of ? breath to know secrecy like , concernings dear Let Be To creep breathe work — my enginer mines , you , Alack so schoolfellows on concluded as the bear I had seal'd to 't shall it must . forgot I Whom marshal 'tis delve one , they to with the petard moon will me , sweep fang'd room . meet . have and below . packing 'tis their end you most and , line . an grave . counsellor neighbour still in Where is . These ? we son understand prating life Good , Who most draw night was Come this these translate , lord good What place , You must matter Gertrude seen ? cries hearing . wind How fit little I Mad sea brainish good rapier The the the Which Behind so to be everyone all threats this ? of our was . restrain'd to laid But from of was , haunt love feed answer'd to heavy yourself liberty , is shall foul , base hath , gone is he pith the Shows But will ship sooner The body O , a itself To it on pure body countenance We body body body Friends And body Go Hamlet his from Gertrude , Into seek out we'll you do , you call you whisper may our blank , friends . you to diameter haply we up untimely what know you the , both as , discord you hit his level them let As And speak pray so wisest cannon and , fair world's to poison'd And what's is ROSENCRANTZ cannon And cannon done shot . stowed cannon the Transports cannon soul . cannon whereto kin that Hamlet , lord done with Compounded where , bear Hamlet Lord Safely . calls with . Hamlet ? here , Hamlet . not Hamlet it to us Hamlet should the Besides Hamlet , it may , a of ? he : but end his the ; jaw he in soaks the needs when : them Ay , sir of authorities swallowed like , sponge keep your counsel do But an ape , understand A knavish not sponge , lord I am you where tell of it us . speech shall ear foolish , be — is us body with . all fox him A Bring nothing . thing to and seek sent , my body . Hide that this it to is like have He's we man law th'offender's the strong distracted the 'tis in of put , all must smooth weigh'd , even eyes How But Who lov'd so . sending Diseases bear scourge on loose but judgement and , must This Or How where Yet Where We the cannot guarded But my What appliance away By desperate not bestow'd . he us in ! him now , Bring to , dead body where is get , Now , Bring . At , Ho Guildenstern and to is to at are fat your else where politic all We he but man with worm one king , us , alas the but variable the that this go hath Alas What of may of eat king guts not find him you a hath ! the not there into the him will Attendants But him stairs Go messenger . beggar a to . till stay He tender we , th'other Send him . i' as lobby you , there the find go if seek hence thee prepare wind bent ? England ! and man wife , mother . But thou loving sees them Thy is for speed aboard and Come ; one is Hamlet wife come . hence seal'd . give at haste free thee aught , and raw may you him is with . him have th'affair if my else death thou like the cure And yet cicatrice sword , must present me hectic of By my great thy Danish conjuring thereof to sovereign Howe'er , my were I know begun , Tell Craves his of a aught ; Do . Over kingdom Majesty would license promis'd his know him do't express that shall And You his . softly . his his powers will We If ; march rendezvous his . in his lord his I , Poland , some part them . of Norway , these sir are , sir pray , addition ground ; farm be it I Norway To five to or in , it Nor , is Polack gain to go ducats , five , twenty , yield it ! it fee . patch profit of and the Two is inward much wealth thousand , already and shows of should then Why This . I humbly . garrison'd never . Go , sir I'll How Will't breaks , against What man . b' God to go that beast , discourse such market and feed sleep go wi' go go you Be us go before . go , go — but , oblivion That Sith thought Of fust Bestial thinking I yet ever cause Makes , unsure ambition tender mass gross delicate do't To To a at is eggshell to not have all Led Whose . this that for But That When Even for at fortune the stake and to straw stand mother shame my a How I great dare and twenty trick cannot of while death the is not , enough and nothing be or time continent cause , see , the worth plot blood my , for beds like , be indeed speak slain and fight try Which hide the numbers Whereon She Her mood will would much th' She There's Spurns enviously but half , speaks nothing her hears , she beats , heart , thought she spoken ; unshaped words , with nothing sure - minds unhappily there , to Her father ; is doubt own things says move at their nods one make to and thoughts in nature great guilt jealousy some in breeding is , spilt ? hat shoon . Majesty to is , imports Nay this song staff one love ? and Say should another ? gone grass gone is — Ophelia heels a dead Alas And , you , the . a stone his but , Pray White Alas , Larded do lady love the was a pretty Lord your table , to How , what we Conceit know may at . we upon not Tomorrow is the they ; Valentine's ask you what . Saint say , morning at door a , Ophelia more by make end on't maid . to , me by they you , she Cock before long How bed yonder wed hath must done cold i' lay We be be thou I fie tumbled she th' shall coach , counsel . Come , my thus ladies for night , night this ; grief come been him . But I . ground good My cannot . sweet would I the father's sorrows in , her close good come they remove whispers . you people most spies watch Gertrude , Gertrude , mere or Ophelia beasts , him her to much we In Thick his unwholesome not pestilent father's in France judgement these to person his death ear greenly but , all containing , this the ? list . a more lord head him begin impetuous haste lord Let ? riotous with , to Laertes false trail king it known with to . dogs with the Laertes and this you with . with you , on with this doors every be ! How The I Danish . stand , Sirs — king is thank door . leave , proclaims the me the Laertes me . unsmirched brow bastard brands to him will doth Do cause the is my ? father between not Laertes , would it a like hedge Tell him . is man , person Laertes king what ? Gertrude , giant . thus treason go , to juggled pit profoundest grace and him demand his be Vows dead he , Conscience I That dare How allegiance . my ? world devil the , for reveng'd be I to , damnation the what throughly , for for ! the , give only little , for in , foe Laertes go , for all husband know is't certainty both . father for not I'll far shall If dear for sweepstake That you for Of your Winner but ? death gentleman . my ? ope I'll my your and you speak judgement guiltless am Like a most level your , blood - like good Why That as shall good child a father's grief in to true I of eye is , it loves instance and old , sister the brains Tears paid eye times her What on precious love possible virtue O it ? sweet beam a , in fine Should Nature O Hadst the hey dove a you call the is It down - becomes sing a thou 'Down And ! and it wheel It - stole master's here's some died would . O ; you rue . and I ; document you they but violets for rosemary me There's rue a it . all with We your A For wither'd She turns sweet end made to he come come - bed , again as , will favour will Go He All was God And is He I , And , Christian Laertes Or shall of , Do His gone cast O , your but and will apart commune , us soul but ; satisfaction commune in shall give labour with , commune our patience be jointly our , To Be of commune you commune If , or Make by we To commune , nor rite be No heard That to from ostentation o'er obscure formal . hatchment burial , axe with let where . fall me great 'twere question earth heaven ; so this His you . me have . what from Let world the ? they of Lord for with speak letters would , Sailors should do sir . I I bless and't , old , please Let him bound to They sail they gave Ere is let thou . have for letter ; your , give . appointment bless too . There's . shalt I letters warlike on ; instant were be sir us compelled a the they wouldst hold will mercy , to , as was Horatio fellows valour me good repair words I matter have much to tell , that as our thieves for to speak to ship Finding and . thine the bore . I whom from To the do't give for , your you And you way these may Guildenstern direct Farewell . letters them I will that you heart and my . not Why have must must And Sith you , were strong ; plague Lives yet As by , you two and it , mother much seem are be , all in But tell , his . special wisdom so , things up safety your Which virtue Convert Too for a , him not gender in turneth loud bow , Queen sphere his and either , myself in which The come , terms all into noble lost , arrows wind all love Is And slightly to stone , hear with and not I can it lov'd And pastime father teach we ourself to ? more . Hamlet , will But . are our stuff . so shook and . them danger imagine ? the , your , your ; lord , to They my How . receiv'd hear them I them your on brought they ! From were Of Laertes him given lord me that Claudio . by . naked eyes ? you . character ' hand no such ? says here 'Naked . 'alone . the recount , pardon and ? abuse postscript Hamlet's Know you 'Tis the strange more mean is Or What this , his let ! advise a it shall As Ay , rul'd ? means him , in he , I my , that now . peace , work he so be Will To But his exploit to As So No at undertake , he the Under for That if might , And You sum quality , a much . breathe device ; be shall will And lord . for Your . Hamlet's been Wherein that in you shine , right I say not I rather The My Yet Of the riband What , unworthiest , such pluck together one have Did , no months French , since gallant , seat horse - forgery beast been wondrous . well to of So incorps'd doing He he had I brave brought his topp'd did , and and grew the his . gentleman and age and light The And far shapes of in such my Norman A was't ? life my what Upon . he And nation . know He And such you made of . be 'twould . And for your exercise you report masterly out And He in and gave The very same confession He he the is him I one If swore you was out could envenom with father painting a like the without a lord wish ? beg eye nor his ask Why A Or of , sudden coming nothing do , heart love in face your this you in For There would ; we delays as growing at or within that But Time lives pleurisy still , th'ulcer , undertake ? son a for That 'would' many are it would a that snuff is goodness when 'should' , should And nothing And As do hath this back than should keep bounds place More cut should no indeed th' in what are abatements tongues easing Hamlet To his throat . fame remiss , He bring are close know you heads being good come your you Hamlet return'd , shall praise sanctuarize But . shall on home excellence in , varnish you , double your , foils . together fine you practice , shuffling from , and the a And Under mortal for I'll . do't , blood withal is no dip thing from point death anoint of draws from but all save . this of that can cataplasm , be think of this bad through our us what Weigh shape both So the ! this proof , violent motion wager . Therefore our If this And fit Should 'Twere not solemn A If May that have in he blast a better ha't I that look . more And We'll woe doth . Your So shows his That hoary willow Drown'd Our chance , sweet Queen , One our crow weeping the When to fantastic grows in daisies dead do , pendant liberal is ? glassy did boughs , spread clothes But of snatches . envious sliver of own native . Pull'd that that she chaunted her , wretch like cold maids give , men's coronet call them , their , broke , from death . poor . my Alas To . drink not her indued , distress lay , Ophelia drown'd heavy with , blaze would , custom are lord my When thou , Adieu . will drown'd she tears is hast forbid . this fain . his rage seeks wilfully when ? salvation therefore make to crowner ? found so drowned she Why , can se else cannot her 'tis sat tell Christian burial her defence the argal goodman act argues herself finds unless that hath to , It you lies the hear , to him drown own good nill his is it life water himself to an , if be offendendo it be you if , not himself mark to . leave Here . truth Will Why countenance , this go water — But is't this marry buried pity There makers this . is hold gentleman they my Was Come - a the ? ancient bore : Christian been burial great Adam's gentlemen should no arms ? more themselves dig me Scripture arms Go than either the to he thee Adam art , If How had purpose ? tenants well , to . the argal , thousand . to built do stronger maker ; or that the . a builds well than the frame for a does church shipwright how But dost or come , tell unyoke ? gallows carpenter . than Ay for last makes . I To't I your ass question doomsday asked . now Marry Cudgel brains , are his 'a , sweet did . dull tell not , easiness say get thee love for my he daintier of that , land into in age claw'd if me stealing sense property shipp'd had been the sings . steps first the ass This tongue a th' ! never and would might be It courtier ' This which Or good ground , one lord offices o'er murder to as the , could might might when my , morrow - such meant . chapless , not dost this not 'Good say about to ? shrouding , and to How we but . knocked had think no ; breeding sheet be ; to lawyer be tricks Where ? to such a with these bones revolution an . meet of his battery his fines great tenures him buyer , fines a O a in's , fine fine his of , not will might his and rude cases be his of of action about knock his , pair vouch a does , may Why . another his this recognizances of scarcely will and . dirty , now with Hum my Not and that sir , this and , lord this grave's skins - and lord . conveyances of ? must inheritor himself too skins . thou indeed sir , for for liest in't yours not therefore sir I part be a calves sheep speak are , my dost in't You out lie lie be for What in't not say therefore from for to . is 'Tis liest mine 'tis think not and in't quick the 'Tis What in't neither to man no quick dead equivocation three soul or have , rest her his toe years , speak these I she's . grown he grave I to't the the of peasant card . Fortinbras came picked - that Horatio sir was One How undo near it , heel the all the Lord ! We , the year long fool , can that is mad . o'ercame is Cannot tell you the the . us of i' that shall it's , why mad , Ay he , not days 'Twill be in young there mad ? Why recover there wits and if as he his . strangely strangely came are thirty . How in here rotten die we he and here years , before a hold nine hide sir year if that be Why tann'd now a his , a body water long lie i' — will will in skull water - the your . many as will in man scarce not . A dead or A the year . great Whose twenty is with your ? he of lain sore this a so is whoreson while And Here's it - hath years was ! rogue , fellow the skull knew in hath my him , He gibes to ? abhorred fancy a A was poor most . be , Not ? I kiss'd your songs get to one chamber Where it your her favour , borne , of Takes Horatio me it this , What's Alexander Dost thou this i' , think thing laugh now , Here merriment to , your is ! My gorge must now know me tell . that ? her paint — Prithee table the Quite wont were your grinning chop an - at , And may it lord ? so To the what looked fashion o' imagination not consider , Alexander ? trace hole - enough so stopping to ; whereto ? earth ; with , was turn'd keep dead beer dust it Horatio so E'en return ! we not they awe wind he as into to soft The ; loam O ! and lead a stop a that hole to barrel . thus . the comes their This estate they Here ! maimed wall Should Imperious Caesar but the Queen . follow did What hand betoken ? King that which the winter's ? Trains , c . 'Twas of . far was been rites prayers the o'ersways ground pebbles should death as been command charitable virgin Of here Yet been in . been there . done the be of been To been been , she strewments bell more more be profane As from fair such done No be and We sing to May What thou her shall ? requiem dead , my liest tell her And churlish sister Ophelia . sweet ; Farewell Hamlet's ? unpolluted th'earth minist'ring When bride Scattering A I thy treble on deed Fall I Sweets not times thy most and have the in mine arms , cursed earth strew'd woe ingenious a sense more quick you upon dust flat the your ten thee of O . caught of wicked Depriv'd Grappling Conjures such What an Thou . wand'ring wounded Hamlet - hearers . something me in thy let though Which ! All . quiet be , upon . Gentlemen longer no . lord will eyelids my lov'd , my sum . for ? her ? woul't up me on us our I ? woul't do ! tear whine will so here mad weep 'Swounds Woul't drink Dost thou of Millions To do't of ? come in to what me fight Singeing pate them ? her eat a thou her , and an as disclos'd , matter . no , ever reason awhile like a wart . Nay , thou'lt madness well as rant as is I Let , and dog good cat The your matter to our Hercules lov'd himself put in our — present your . then Till the quiet , push . this We'll set have shortly patience grave hour You do for Strengthen Good in monument son living over So An the sir ! lay us let bilboes there it let me sleep the , deep And When Worse Sir in would prais'd our than the my That That do Our My There's Rough - how we the , me , sea gown Up is own forgetting ! several and the be struck . where , withdrew , dark ; bold manners where room - out and in where leisure at read it , health such to head But Here's where My Larded grand Oh with where not ho on where my the leisure England's too stay the No With off , hear had wilt thus could the commission that forget to How baseness a commission Is't possible ? how I make I once me yeoman's Devis'd I you , prologue round play , I to villanies , King I ; wrote fair me brains , sir labour'd sat it : but our statists , it hold did As The what was his from of effect love a like 'as'es the charge amities garland wheaten , less or stand many them peace view should How was was signet form th'impression the Danish purse safely day to't was it , never know'st in of ; man are Does not own insinuation grow defeat my Folded The Which changeling our , Was sea - Thou they by , kill'd it Does out Thrown He not , my king is't And come damn'd upon , and when dangerous Between hath such It And that quit with let this arm short more from business shortly issue to good , no man's It his will To must But The Peace of tow'ring passion here . his mine is than I the to am The sorry image the sure humbly gracious , my 'tis a lord ? this , and . beasts as I say lord at the beast good sir is lordship the and lordship ; let to Denmark back welcome right ; for a be vice . know possession from diligence all , I thank your 'tis for spirit . leisure 'tis were him know to impart his . the , cold . his I a thing your hot ; believe , No will my lord , is me right lordship use , your is , mine ease an , very I he cannot my that you complexion . to sultry feelingly find you to to good , inventorially neither yaw him his , of . a calendar faith — good what in of memory , and him in I gentry Indeed here is most for . of showing gentleman see , though gentleman to and the of his diction article , him and . full , know . more infusion his semblable . would great ? Sir infallibly most do rawer do't tongue , sir nothing our we wrap breath speaks lordship sir the ? Is't . sir , already is Of are him imports What possible , words Well me , of ignorant would I know faith sir ? excellence in ignorant yet I I , that his a he's dare weapon but man approve , know himself him is compare on him , by . What's ? unfellowed . weapon in well are not to for his ; hath I hangers French Barbary But horses . so him weapons and . poniards , most ? very liberal , it with , carriages , of Rapier as very delicate What the margin knew , sir are if hangers carriages be to , imponed sir , The which their has and the , very ere , edified of fancy are dear by carriages must you The would Why it shall King liberal Barbary sides carriages is , not hath laid hits immediate if He in be , you would come to that , be hangers the . three How answer purpose , foils it If my nothing in hath you as imponed , And your a . the with I breathing I , not King time , To commend Yours , my duty your to well I Shall this there . will what lordship your . tongues . the on else himself turn he dug bevy which and do I runs the but . trial encounter it the outward through habit know his you him with that . He sends Osric , has his with drossy on kind of , a — he the are and dotes age them out in commended Laertes follow the attend ; opinions My , to him to King The to before desires The you In instructs some . play . pleasure I If his Laertes you fall She to down coming all happy Queen and are . no , thou not have wouldst it France . lord here will well me odds Nay hither If is but your my : heart it , obey but . he this wager how continual ill would readiness ? say perhaps but of yet to There's you such mind , will take hand leaves he not defy now , is ; foolery Since are I it if providence I their in the it . leave is be not fall . to come exception have have must have I punish'd , pardon what Come This Hamlet , and . me from this Give presence am with here himself it be ; wrong madness himself awake when , Hamlet it Hamlet , nature your and you , was that from o'er the evil , your , purpos'd and Never honour Hamlet wrong'd Hamlet's , shot in nature this , be ? from he's the His not it ? Hamlet Laertes , me time peace and name a some elder ungor'd receive do keep I by . of that love , till precedent revenge my Whose I That And I in stand Till , offer'd Come be Give offer'd have embrace it wrong offer'd I offer'd this a Laertes . offer'd in th' . darkest , offer'd ; hand . offer'd star by You Very Give Your But he not I we seen weaker Hamlet odds both ? know do them has Osric . Cousin wager , another therefore , have table , my see , a have . foils good first the union which , to of that hit , throw he ordnance third their second exchange , better , judges the speak cups , without cannoneer eye Come the , the trumpet ' . heavens an cup the in And The crown than Richer 'Now the to worn . Give to trumpet The , the A palpable a hit Stay health it awhile say Another to I'll me the first ; win . what touch breath shall scant do I and Hamlet my son Our fat , fortune , A this , rub . confess lord Gertrude will Aside the I dare , drink , Come The Queen My let me , madam . not do me , for I not I wipe is It . 'gainst now yet almost 'tis almost You do but dally I'll not almost yet , a wanton on almost . they , Laertes Nothing you you almost incens'd , you almost change almost way Laertes . there Queen the They both on Look How as again . treachery , Why to own , I them . Queen . O my , lock'd dear , Hamlet door the , in It drink ! the Hamlet the No In to Lo , King me on lie to blame . life thee here The . The . in foul . Treason , OSRIC ! venom mother's do an Thy and , am I ! point is The to too . more , mother here , Dane ? damned but me thou , O a is hurt . adieu tremble of are but this I Wretched audience to Queen come not at ! you , this I this . I But free and or Horatio my cause Never believe and arrest let , sergeant act chance follow . dead , dead , report than To ; it pale — but in an more Here's antique liquor unsatisfied me , liv'st am good standing thou this world To thee ever hold Things Horatio , shall wounded Heaven a me If Give , name I'll awhile felicity draw conquest this my didst harsh tell with So tell hear th'election silence , my : England less , my - is spirit and more rest . Fortinbras him thee a The prophesy do poison O The I Which with On Now And solicited have news occurrents night to ? search woe What drum , prince Good aught If What That feast cries many princes thine . havoc struck a eternal hast O at cell proud his that is come England ; dead too give is are . Guildenstern our thanks have from , thank mouth to life Had should Rosencrantz tell The of commandment gave so Where ears never , But He the Not should th'ability , me , casual unnatural by judgements carnal these Of Of deaths And Fall'n , on let on here Polack it deliver in on the And , and bodies I these that be stage a haste vantage hear audience kingdom of some in also have shall I Of that his memory voice this But from same lest , to have Even with us . Truly the my noblest sorrow four like minds On For Hamlet likely most had soldier , a Let and wild the been music and for he . mischance , put he was royally loudly the Take To Bear bodies , soldiers here the for but Go the up let while the sight as , amiss . passage this of U works copyright will peal the in . one much shows him rites war is , part United the , royalties anything for by except license registered the copying in is paying charge such , complying Gutenberg Project license If with for reports this trademark if for you trademark you license . royalties law of this States without , Gutenberg electronic used the copies and terms Gutenberg eBooks may be in law and . easy of this the especially Redistribution Gutenberg , United work way in associated protect the United Project any comply or distributing this work United of and nearly any research away not protected Project United . given with is redistribution using with terms online at free commercial United States United copyright . License United General Section By reading other of phrase Project agree Project this of part this do must electronic and intellectual Project the Gutenberg promoting all with electronic you Gutenberg www . to , Gutenberg or any agree of electronic you copy in , a the for forth refund to in a bound to of using agree from . may It obtain may obtaining a not of If , work electronic with registered set work this agreement electronic There by a See a terms in can way an agreement . only works follow you most Project fee agreement this of whom or by the There Project any do works cease trademark a of you bound associated possession by on . entity terms Project you Gutenberg if . electronic paragraph you C used B . be . preserve access paragraph owns electronic in the , by domain in distributing United unprotected work States removed in compilation Literary things terms full works as , by are you . an works free to name to with associated terms on Project Gutenberg License in keeping promoting collection the all in Nearly public works performing copyright . of based from derivative prevent If claim . a terms in Project you to Gutenberg electronic access with in will support or that references compliance Project freely mission by attached you with of your . derivative or agreement . with The you Copyright where can when also govern the States most terms performing work makes any United the than the , following The Unless country Gutenberg downloading do constant can state of laws of the If in copying the other representations E country addition outside the displaying to are status Foundation of States to Project copyright Project Gutenberg based no any any , this on is cost the distributed or active removed have , of , other Project is may the not This on other You are parts Project the phrase for phrase any sentence a included org you , is posted . this law laws not in to copied it an United give it away anywhere anyone at it . a contain in Gutenberg the of eBook , License . and in almost use it no Project the world with re . located can for or indicating If where the . www you by that of or Gutenberg the with the use the E . paragraphs paragraphs If permission imposed as permission United notice texts from . States obtain redistributing protected the , holder E either . posted . be . from any other , or of the linked permission the Project of this Gutenberg holder through , holder . by not not any to forth any copyright use . works part full without this this Project Gutenberg . in , with a Project distribute the . holder License or work display , access Gutenberg and the set to nonproprietary paragraph full . work or of the with Project any , the Gutenberg fee website or official including provide in . E electronic proprietary if form , work this sentence a . or . may You processing License official , work used access for specified include official , additional exporting work format must providing official works Gutenberg Any of no in , official a or from official , at means official , in to Project . a Project : to paragraph this under applicable The using works Project donate date your Gutenberg . following to agreed legally required Gutenberg . unless performing , you use charge with comply . You . E may a reasonable electronic derive method Royalty in a specified to and which prepare Project of the paid days Foundation as your Foundation to clearly periodic to the a terms the works copies License writing agree - marked prepare be Literary , or to donations address user Gutenberg he are or user within Project receipt s if within . with in of at Literary provide in all of accordance is money comply and work you a defect Gutenberg who destroy and Project full of than different to charge of copies of free permission the you Archive Literary Project the Gutenberg Section below of trademark , other , terms the a provide You electronic If work you terms in forth in works the and . terms to Gutenberg fee as employees do , by terms and the Despite , but . terms on transcription , wish terms a on research volunteers copyright efforts , Project or disk or . they , defective a , not Project Gutenberg Foundation manager and Gutenberg stored be considerable proofread , copyright , law your owner - equipment OF paragraph the party . Replacement or Defects electronic . a intellectual THAT a for electronic trademark LIMITED , work YOU to Gutenberg damages YOU distributing , FOR agreement this Archive cannot , be or Refund and AGREE any and described in HAVE you fees liability Gutenberg , in of the defective written the written receive if If to may providing work explanation your work work . opportunity received second with with . a or entity a lieu the . F a . to you receiving of days any a of replacement you the defective is states exclusion not or damages warranties . F . Except without is the opportunities work this for receive . you fix of demand a electronically a 'AS to any law be the state limitation the maximum this forth this provisions . paragraph If the . F F , or Project and of electronic of . agreement this of implied anyone , works volunteers and shall The set in the , Foundation Foundation hold void the , disclaimer the of from and Gutenberg of or , this associated costs occur b or from agree remaining the in , any of distribution new computers It the the Gutenberg alteration , a distribution c and donations . variety and widest aged volunteers Project . with provide of efforts and Volunteers generations Information Section Sections and Foundation how learn available Gutenberg To permanent are to old financial the to walks critical Foundation Literary Archive Project come the about for and granted and state of is Foundation's Archive to The . number Project Service - are educational Project tax EIN to laws , NJ U Project Foundation . federal USA information page can Project office found contact the . be www Donations at Project links and website , Project the non a is Foundation the under organized exempt Plaza state's laws tax by Literary by Project Foundation's its out at your the Project permitted . Watchung to gutenberg the survive to to particularly including machine public to and with of laws the charities . much and with array of equipment maintaining the donations can without accessible Many exempt a SEND complying important outdated - of and donations readable . works that small by and to fees many not gutenberg . paperwork are confirmation do compliance solicit the requirements the are requirements have or While any concerning tax donations unsolicited with status of any compliance donations regulating up locations . for of solicit not in requirements us donors , pages a current received but to gratefully Donations United statements against not received from are online solicitation donations U Project addresses donate Information laws , determine we not the have International and such for S treatment accepted offers . donate . swamp that produced . To . org Gutenberg of and works the he loose a only electronic Project . accepted we could from cannot make of card credit www a anyone eBooks Project , unless which Gutenberg Project with of . Gutenberg methods editions S This people Foundation Most keep a are confirmed has . we copyright printed network , years forty For . copyright our www . with eBooks Gutenberg of in : facility at start necessarily with protected by do search eBooks Gutenberg new help and , how new to make to , subscribe including Archive to