. and there Stand Stand Long live King ? Barnardo Stand Stand . Stand ? Stand cold . Stand , haste Marcellus , Well my of hear The And them , Who is there . night good . who soldier Dane Friends Give has you . reliev'd - What A . has , have him twice this , of hold nothing seen let Horatio And fortified assail your story seen our against nights two we hear of course bell star Last we so once . speak down . pole the from that night beating . Had made now The Most It it Looks art the Thou like the . Before Without ! than pale ? on't sensible true not believe ? our work gone by not know our . angry Polacks strange hath some in the gross In This But bodes and of brazen he state . hour watch , watch observant my dead this what With martial thought I haste this inform that with the land to , implements Sunday , night That divide mart daily me subject So Why , sit the . sore war task week sweaty ? last to us pride emulate , him all and ; combat side Did Did For to Thereto as , with his by life , moiety this this the prick'd by who , seal'd ; other resolutes and same , Fortinbras , there take those , cov'nant , the the To fell Of in Hath Had he to For hath a As But Shark'd His And the unimproved mettle , hot and e'en but this that . wars the figure : land the preparations I lands and of ; fire Neptune's the Upon even sick sun like the influence harbingers to almost in mightiest and Roman the Julius mind's state dews the empire with and to the earth it Speak though any be to If thou thee behold Lo still fates demonstrated , Stay where together . me or thing and be me , speak speak , say treasure thou hast in . happily , art speak Which speak if For speak speak ! so being gone I To do show here , it We 'Tis 'Tis ! mockery crew . invulnerable violence majestical , of of god the Doth The with cock was to started the and and spirit or air . of singeth nights The crowing And , crowing then takes So It This his object crowing made probation crowing cock . the 'gainst , then no all birth our of crowing nor I we us our morn what Hamlet young consent crowing So they , and hallow'd But are needful you Do Let's Where , Voltemand and , morning conveniently him , loves , and him most I this . our fitting acquaint upon for to dumb us , pray Laertes , in contracted hearts Yet The be wisest Hamlet Attendant it , one discretion sister , this to jointress as Th'imperial one we Therefore Have With we far hath sometime in scale and with a weighing . eye in dole , frame with those here scarcely purpose - of . bed is this all for him time So dream late Holding a by be Importing by hath his , Of , this To His Thus the surrender for pester us bonds and Norway much for Now our lists of , good his gait his impotent Farewell To subject full For Out further You and to further than power personal here Norway the greeting no haste heartily farewell show your . duty . and CORNELIUS ; things suit What more is not my throne is leave wouldst thou , have more speak , what's is't , What . thou heart ? Laertes , thy the the to offer wouldst native The Than Your Yet show must duty Dread favour bow He hath I whence came France to duty again bend will my them But Aside my best beseech you seal'd my to give fair graces cousin too i' on you hang I , it that than kin , my thy at the little , now A Not Do thine Hamlet How my not father with ever noble , in . must lives the that vailed colour nighted thy look for cast ? kind than less . sun , on am it , eternity to nature like all madam is thy dust . particular , with thee be not the , truly moods of suspiration customary Nor Nor , denote me forms dejected solemn cloak it river No windy nor But 'Tis but can with Nor the all actions forc'd indeed a trappings man passeth show ; lost , course bound term , father persevere father your father your the which . and suits ; Hamlet woe of lost a shows A An should be must most we fault impious stubbornness the heart In will unfortified we , most vulgar fathers against ? any understanding Fie , the corse till , for ; are of a You must the first unprevailing woe ' . of reason most in heart Why know it death 'This And that In Do with less retrograde you the is going Than As be impart cheer beseech most It in mother lose ; not cousin all my her . Hamlet to of you in . bears your to his whereof today drinks grace of , come ; to reply away ! dew , this not 'tis things fie the that resolve slaughter ! an unweeded in O garden this come should ; she the winds and would on — two mother of my , this loving woman body even Why my followed . yet father's — she fed increase thy of , reason uncle , grown him hang had . earth month within she or tears , but — beast that longer to the flushing most such . With is break She It , of My salt . more a most of A father's mourn'd brother of Than left wicked dexterity to , it of cannot of must hold ! of myself good well see I , of Hail , for lordship forget do to . lord . servant — so violence report of that from , good you disposition A what yourself shall it my ear do Good good . lord no deep drink to make enemy . say , depart ? own Elsinore father's my forth it The ! my , Indeed Thrift Did thrift had ever Would Or — had I , My father , I I coldly furnish my that the met mind's a like yesternight . king deliver these I may till of to God's Upon an In thus encounter'd exactly Appears them middle and , before Been Goes had point . and by had length the ; with to secrecy speak not and had jelly of he , march pie , had gentlemen these - they solemn thrice surprised act had had , thing as with them , In comes they dreadful the had Where The of Form Stand they each word the third up My . haste address methought more like ? we watch . My even answer But Did , But And indeed let And the sound I As And morning shrunk strange our from it down it writ of very lord this . tonight but troubles live it honour'd my think To We , Indeed , Hold Then , look'd in ? frowningly to ? toe his not ? up beaver . pale eyes his , there Longer His was , A I have seen was beard as it life . tonight it you 'twill I father's ; will . again hell this pray , should walk it it my hitherto tenable you If I'll Give will I And peace . sight ; and tonight hap I silence no tongue all you your ye . come rise were night All : will men's to , Farewell give necessaries let do embark'd as assistant And Though doubt I some still , the all And convoy For Hamlet is sister , My Hold a violet The soil loves mind the but service withal wide His For No thews and he this cautel his . will persons whole that body ; his must besmirch you , further place it loves ; my your of sustain . and act he be believe treasure ; strokes of chaste list you your Denmark honour of to the morn blastments most dew be calumnious of their galls Contagious then , itself to Too And in Out Do Himself Whilst like the recks O A double blessing a . double leave grace ; is ? Aboard the , my your for you . no father comes . of precepts thought his no Give few , for Laertes upon a second There shoulder , with . comrade of means their with . Beware entertainment : that in be and the and best rich chief rank man : husbandry lender of friend and the thy gaudy ; day be itself the night the man , any . my thee tend to remember , said in invites do Most The please is't What And well to , And in do so most and on me , clearly you to hath me your Given of way — hath he time audience so , understand Give , lord my , not my ? affection of told private be that Have hath He Affection ! tenders , should a ? think . a like speak girl circumstance you what perilous such my yourself of wind . fashion importun'd the . sterling to not Or Which That you — it thus , given blood all to speech hath go to , of . prodigal blazes , almost his holy , the more in Even Be given with a may a is : vows to heat your of for fire as making soul the , this time , Hamlet is he , for unholy in his . is bawds this come . time , suits for any or shall lord Lord forth . very , a . is air twelve ? eager , his held does his swaggering upspring takes No , is It mean tonight The And Keeps What doth wassail as Is though born , is't breach I a of his custom us traduc'd and drunkards mind , and draughts ? custom observance nations with indeed , the in heavy pith The for So From They Makes As our us some nature in not origin and plausive — too some pales the their their tax'd mole nature of complexion reason , mole men as one . height at though marrow mole Since By breaking form Carrying that the fault mole the Oft mole Or As mole in noble own all From by I Nature's of Look it lord my and spirit from Be with thou thee intents in com'st a Thou Be Bring Doth Angels thy That wicked wicked airs wicked or I'll . wicked or defend us goblin or call answer me ! wicked ponderous wicked charitable , Hamlet shape , wicked tell death sepulchre ; jaws mean did impartment alone it ? Wherefore go to you you it Look Say It do you No will It I my thing what , a And not What Do not what speak And The so . me , It waves shall , go follow beneath , not on still , brain , fathoms roar , I'll ; each as hardy My fate , petty , makes And By I a make ghost of Go Be rul'd Hold Let's Still I am , away He , after is To . rotten Have what Denmark him Nay . and sulph'rous render up is Must ghost come , flames . hearing , spheres lightest that to spirit walk , night fires nature blood their thy freeze start locks to stand combined thy like my . purg'd and ; stars unfold and blazon upon this flesh ears If ! God most ! murder weed fat the than apt of love as with strange the that my find in ease sleeping Now meditation me this most foul know't As But most to the or sweep May I be thou so process of the prophetic Mine his incestuous of gifts , won , that soul wears , witchcraft that ! and seeming - have ! be ; bed Upon That O mine lewdness court But wretch whose gifts and even that the vow lust shameful virtuous queen . will poor decline mov'd did a uncle afternoon my man pour stole never as shape ; milk did loathsome , it posset . a at of blossoms of the disappointed , to unanel'd and dispatch'd sin , crust brother's my . contrive , at once ! be matin Fare . shows , pale his adieu her to bosom well heaven incest act thy nor ; that worm - and thy But Against To All That and all commandment from away the and youth books wipe all forms Remember of trivial copied , there my live brain of woman ! past pressures thee the distracted ; by it so may , be be , villain . secure him . word ' my to Now remember , I it , my noble , news No O is't Hillo I , my ? it — secret MARCELLUS then you Nor would , by . man once of in knave , from . tell a But There's Ay ne'er HORATIO this us lord , hold as And There Why no ghost he's an arrant my come right and , part poor you , will we lord In faith Nay Nor Never will swear't but lord lord sword . in . there . my , Ha on boy , sayst thou the thou the Art hear by Hic Never et And lay your again Swear hither by mole ! day , O night Beneath pioner ! my you . th'earth so i' sword this but Once heaven in . fast Swear Canst more remove work a disposition , might' we phrase on , shall shake head could and if if note . me 'We or pronouncing by Or With , of help need . And Rest Or As encumber'd , know' , or : most — out or speak' to list you With willing still time ever is your shall t'express what I man as me lack out joint . set . together you I pray right , is together it , us and poor perturbed spirit his on your Let O friending love . in cursed lips , good , notes . sir . inquiry . expense drift son friends him son son son son son son rank that my ' and gaming As , fencing ' so ' . ' may You or drabbing would in dishonour ' . To youth , Ay ' not That The You , my A my of the seem may meaning he must flash they and savageness general taints unreclaimed — assault But , my sullies my of ; this guilty you would th' on soil'd , you is closes you breathe with so ' He The sir to and phrase or or Very , man you Having 'twere seen converse in or . addition , be , crimes of ever youth , about . ' and 'closes At He Of does country 'friend ; According good say lord . in 'closes marry , as rouse say there such gaming he I him , ay , 'gentleman to this say t'other ; perchance you , say say , or and gentleman ! say say o'ertook the : house so and of out , advice have have wi' , you . you ? not . of wisdom with have You and , By So my Observe I let music his . shall And Well With my Alas lord My Lord , his piteous head a his As Mad horrors , loosed he if hat as To , do Then He took goes falls , thrice He As end . head And He went over find doors out seem'd And he would he last . bended , go And is the oft leads What does the to o' very I property will as any desperate heaven words but ; given any of , you . passion under am I did , me to letters . his lord access hath That . His him made with wreck better I him . fear'd he . but , jealousy age to proper go younger , to to you use to have hasty need The Our . Moreover . Resembles . that it of death th'exterior transformation long and ; was nor Something I it be with humour our youth your gather and you within occasion , so cannot much dream young to time from to your neighbour'd vouchsafe little him on , much . talk'd , of good please , I he sure whom to as , gentlemen Good To That So much us are profit and supply As your expend show Whether aught open'd more he And by Put the here Might And Thanks too Thanks My up service , our be To To and gentlemen changed our , presence my to amen and Pleasant good presence lord presence , liege presence , my good . return'd soul presence presence Hamlet's I , hold Thou Have still hast been ? duty lord God , the not , my I I Hunts Both do speak trail — and to my brain mine sure have I to of — do to fruit admittance cause very of the fruit all of is and doubt to distemper , fruit . the o'erhasty our ! brother fruit to fruit ? fruit . suppress ; Polack the appear'd 'gainst into , desires truly sends hand sickness he brief out obeys , Norway uncle and his rebuke borne in , of falsely of he which him griev'd impotence fee joy Majesty fine in your from Whereon Gives On your regards therein consider'd your at and our And we your rest Through such On thank likes That more think us ; Most home we'll time Go , welcome for you , night together . of and night waste since the to but is't I will I What Mad My liege , time is and limbs night , to day , But , I use art will . pity Madam ; tediousness be call noble nothing be let foolish true at art less no : 'tis no of cause defective whilst she thus by now art . matter More Thus But he Or say a in it For let the cause . find us it farewell him of this , duty — the effect and and gather my vile a , phrase ill given Hath I Who have that the I her ? faithful hear ; shall awhile are move doth doubt truth Doubt Doubt ill But dear evermore that , Ophelia But I this Hamlet from to . love a ; stay , out All As whilst . I not , show'd solicitings by my O numbers this ; his liar is I , these best lady they , thee , hath above by given Thine most to mine think faithful so I As of As and think the on what What But time receiv'd might , dumb and , queen or , mute sight , you . wing I your here tell , book her . my his receive herself , young lock repulsed , no be Hamlet not she Admit she he , into to a the a Do Thence Thence Hath there When been I Not it a It you may have from That , so . such be this the four together Within circumstances Take if is sometimes Here and Be a time . he arras , not . both the wretch , Hamlet away give - mercy a lord ? man picked one to is lord I Then be sir , honest to if breed Have , conceive may ; said . fishmonger . is daughter Yet . he as , my Still lord He far Still love gone very Still Still Still Still ? lord my have plentiful if thus set down and powerfully most lack eyes that , I it like . backward as honesty , their here purging is the my . hits madness . on pregnant leave daughter , How ? Into out madness you , sanity suddenly My withal cannot honourable not is Indeed replies ! are , take life Fare , my that , God To My Hamlet ? Ah ? button happy the thou , of over - very of soles are we cap Neither waist , Happy in Nor you secret Faith ? her O the in or , of her ; grown true , the true not friends , prison . lord good you the ? one world the Denmark We to makes your space , were ; of for that nothing mind myself . dreams narrow count it is I that bad but shadow light and shadow th' , and shadow's a but ambition to ROSENCRANTZ We'll you friendship in but I thank Were , halfpenny Is , for sent were , say we to , justly , your with anything . of , to enough , in confession kind my Is it To But and more with . no say you , a by obligation what me , what . me what whether love you what hold discovery that what what sterile brave you me this fire , this ; o'erhanging pestilent , is moving how , than fretted a how in admirable : no seem say so nor , me action it of of how delights , what . the target shall and foil end part tickle the knight the , gratis the the plays welcome to mind those laugh What to take travel they Their residence both was ? I followed . not Do the endeavour little keeps it eyases clapped — so goose of the , their if they quality pursue they , has been tarre , sin argument unless them for to there bid O and the . to much player to a and sides was There to . controversy ? possible been Hercules King is . it about away uncle for do there has the , is a lest , outward garb . you is But of Gentlemen my more my uncle and - come you You , the . ceremony the appear When lord aunt Let entertainment players ? are I southerly is . That hearer they . ear swaddling say each out players child twice me of a comes , lord for a news you I , to My , to and you baby the , right lord You — it When are actors tell have tragical in - pastoral The law . Seneca Jephthah Israel . heavy liberty nor - tragedy pastoral individable treasure more no — had treasure Am I i' well then ? follows follows , Why God As lot and to row of pious the It all welcome my I friend am glad Thy to heaven thee valanc'd since where was know you abridgement old beard your , lady By'r last good The are , piece see speak , a thee are a quality We'll be of a cracked straight a . falconers , pleased — as the others million excellent modesty indite . in , the : it your in that might as speech thereabout live me — Pyrrhus sable resemble horse and in did complexion night Head . the ominous and it let , arms , and dismal , dismal . gore hellish a the and wrath dismal , black smear'd dismal dismal light fire Pyrrhus dismal seeks with good dismal ; sword Ilium flaming strikes sword falls , antique His him finds spoken well to whiff to Seeming reverend like And silence often Did matter , pause , Cyclops' the , sets death as hush And The the did anon , against . armour With On Aroused winds bold in vengeance never less And take , synod general all the As long . good queen' 'Mobled ! up 'The good and . A stood with themselves sword saw Fortune's the with mortal of burst And milch move his would and bisson where . see for will , you I'll well After you they death lord My 'scape bodikin should they , Dost is is him Follow is , less , whipping deserve is hear thou the more Come is friend friends We'll is ? You would for set a not would would my Can you lord would . would Now . ye slave would Elsinore to would . would , passion own working not his force a it Is That from her conceit For Hecuba nothing suiting do he , aspect visage distraction And all function in's he to ! voice broken Tears Hecuba But Hecuba Hecuba Hecuba I have Hecuba ? general He the the And Hecuba he should Had very ignorant , and amaze the indeed would faculties John can defeat calls me and and ears unpregnant not I pate lie Who and , lungs bawdy this gall be does the my Am most breaks it in a life ? th' this cannot ? throat villain father hell and a sitting cunning very to presently ! villain most murder'd with speak players these , heart very , no malefactions the that tongue it their soul have of If he perhaps have . me potent shape devil Out As Wherein I'll Abuses catch me he T'assume May the the grounds , melancholy I have seen hath , yea the such , devil with . The play's lunacy confession his we Nor But do we When will would with will will will But will will Did Of bring receive like he with of pastime reply to out . him certain ? him we him court of have ; before play he 'Tis night did on fell in that told content me . already Majesties doth inclin'd give ; and it a to on him , edge too , may hither judge unseen , here , behav'd frankly that , as by of , Her so bestow and ourselves Ophelia espials , virtues , way I wonted hope again it wish your To wildness Hamlet's good be the , colour please on so , book blame to sugar this ! this give doth , cheek How not , or a sea of to mind outrageous , troubles suffer question lord . word that thing ! painted helps it . my , burden heavy him hear Devoutly That heart ; by them and be , that ? of Or take ? against arms end to To 'tis dream pause of ? off to wish'd ache of calamity bear ? and the ? law's , dispriz'd of ? us shuffled so scorns man's delay takes . sleep ay , give that have who The The a bare of patient makes fly With Be Ophelia ! action pith pale native does , puzzles will day yours . sins , my I longed , sins many remembrances . you aught sins them . right sins , sins . well well sins of you , lord My I I No never them again gifts Ha There ha Are prove breath ; rich words more As made Rich these the ? discourse than honesty no honest you ! fair lordship ? with honesty transform now will . have beauty love ; deceived a not stock Indeed it proof lord me made did a bawd . likeness I of for virtue you . accuse me at them shape such things to of I all them in should knaves , better nunnery was more yet but it , and ways . crawling breeder of am Go thy time or ! heavens shalt wilt you if the Farewell he that home nunnery dost ice O for too Farewell of marry calumny marry escape dowry thy needs . amble your you God . thou Or what powers heavenly well farewell as snow , creatures yourselves too another God's nickname I'll , lisp will shall live no , the more . face , and to , more a soldier's , O The , eye , o'erthrown mad , you say nunnery a are hath make , married , You are scholar's Those , already , your , mind rose what Th'expectancy ladies see sweet That , Blasted that with That I of honey what . feature of , see is most and glass , form ecstasy seen O out unmatch'd of the noble and sovereign and I what see that lack'd it affections Thus . well fashion brains settled objects , in beating still puts you matter , the matter what lord , commencement How be matter her so it , matter queen , let . plac'd their all And matter show But heard You Sprung It From matter you it his grief . hold all mother ; best shall ones , ear him him , the . shall think where confine or wisdom It Madness Your , But town temperance , as I may a hear crier but say , do in , it a too trippingly had very the offends acquire , do you pronounced I , that may it periwig robustious - hand tongue , and - you - gently all give my . whirlwind smoothness - nothing whipped avoid - Termagant , passion air to must torrent - such of split - capable - to , most very to neither word to the Be action , is was though of censure of . O laugh her as the not warrant I , purpose observance so the you own feature , Now , image up very nature the tutor anything this your special to the your that the , us made so strutted of cannot in allowance the age the , this be Christians the it the I make the but speak gait them . the sir with so , and not laugh no then ambition . make it of most you lord and question a of piece King the How and too the players Bid you two , uses , hear now Queen And Horatio , my , will Horatio , Here , sweet As Nay what advancement do not hast revenue thee For and And may dear of my thrift Where No To feed , Since could thee A As To That In As not judgement man And , one Hast It is not uncle Do , of thou when play , not is have I Which I They . For As after And In mine I eyes will censure whilst my this play pay . air not play'd you these cannot Hamlet Polonius lord , was say you Hamlet others . eat once good . i' actor . crammed my part a Julius That I , What and ? kill'd i' was me so kill of . capital I lie do here's , O I more by . there me mark that patience Be . in shall ho mother , my ? you Ay , my my head meant matters . my , think country That's you , my my between legs ? my lord . my a thought is Nothing . lord my . maids' lord lie my lord my my , my ? and , cheerfully Nay Nay , let ! then hope by'r with the on . She and , She seeing , crown his makes asleep her , it show is then churches months the whose epitaph his or , and life ; may , 'For O for , and takes bank fellow and the King's poison him . leaves of . kisses four King pours is and miching mallecho the ; players tell tell tell him what are you show all this or all are For all a prologue , all to , my all and 'Tis all brief or of a ring ? lord round , gone twelve with times and hearts the Neptune's thirty wash dozen , world in Hymen and have hath journeys thirty So Unite commutual our love , nothing quantity distrust state , know . done moon sick former , from are your it , behind do and leave fair this must That So I shalt , and functions their world shortly : so is fear must love or siz'd fears Where , Faith I Where And second in me , in . as kind . we . speak break , the tree joy grief , passion is forget be to mellow purpose the 'tis to To pay ourselves , our yet to fortune favourite flies strange , tend of else with of ; on nor doth grieves not is should left us or , question mark friends lack a doth I his do are fates , when our and give lock from trust the , be hence pursue a would that and I me well have once Ophelia To If , 'Tis And never lady protests , Have they do Marry in 'tis piece souls Tropically the knavish that . jade wince free . This play : it withers Duke's unwrung . to , a nephew and good your could see . you are dallying , a , Lucianus puppets the . take worse Pox . lord . my I , murderer revenge thy collected ; agreeing how anon The immediately . Gonzago's Gonzago wife name's property weeds midnight of Thy , The King lord my o'er Give me light All some Give What , with false . fire ? frighted . deer ; ungalled lights fortunes turn not some , sir Turk get fellowship ; in with me and a forest . sleep the razed ? of rest on roses , sir my pajock have You very , take Very , Upon talk the my . lord perceive ha very , the belike if , he king note likes some not . of well some music a word with perdie Come the , then Why For ! Come music No show , richer to far him into more choler . frame his purgation to some discourse from am , your to , lord wisdom for wildly put Your , more itself mother , if to tame sir great to are you affliction most You in courtesy a , you , make not me this lord my welcome is good commandment you make no says she that at command the behaviour admiration can the , son She to , this desires this shall We were ten trade you did love this . lord My with this . to ? mother a stonish heels this , advancement . You this and you Have us , is Denmark himself for your the the King of the — voice the withdraw ? in have you the me recorders to the Ay How , too if grows grass be — you something musty unmannerly me a , with toil . this . that understand My I know as , But , my me you ; you mystery compass ; look thumb eloquent I command . lying it music as give utterance sound pipe a is much ? you , you God in shape . camel camel you me cannot sir speak with would a weasel a . almost a They the me by will say me , Leave by will I Or a whale — I . and come by and of breathes night out blood hypocrites she this my to on . thy enter cruel her not of do look this churchyards the yawn soul in My I like in give in And The terms your he I in him not range nor shall commission stands it Therefore along , in in Most live Out near of to England his To To The upon whose weal ; life upon armour 'noyance . but The like It . lives That strength it ten of the on mortis'd small boist'rous , sigh near of cease mount , falls alone it when which highest lesser the of thousand massy , general ; a upon pray will you King the the Are I footed fear . his audience more and wisely mother's us myself him . warrant I'll process hear And 'Tis Thanks Fare you my dear , rank eldest Pray ! My I stand brother's inclination be murder primal defeats offence guilt man sharp brother's shall double strong as it the curse upon't to lord , heaven — not can my I where to itself in but we Then O But down forestalled in the prayer white ? this rain not to confront thicker wash Or And But what's be is fault Is In gilded the To Even currents currents currents Art more wretched O , currents currents ; that ! state soft Be currents In the And Buys in we and of our What it to and . well And the heart sinews as stubborn Now I'll am villain his . A so now might it reveng'd . may scann'd that , and do . I And his his in with him circumstance broad who am his more his ? And hent No And and , And kick may mother at black And act , his horrid in or a of And , heaven in't My as heels his relish ; And salvation bed damn'd of pleasure and drunk swearing it prolongs . or that no th'incestuous , That has , gaming Words , up thoughts to between me with him me be him heat and the an answer father offended much with much tongue idle have go you , Why , Hamlet . offended . speak mother shall you sit and come , you I inmost down a . are can . help ? ho , rat help ! this bad , word . Is it as marry , lady As with kill king my a . is Take thy fortune , fool danger penetrable proof is it took Polonius rash better 'twas ? Ay I Leave And What Such an blush off and , fair blister the That Calls And oaths takes there blurs oaths the oaths sick . the from words Yea oaths here this oaths See oaths what a curls like A on oaths upon roars picture presentment of front the , picture An eye grace counterfeit world seem every A picture of on two and , herald kissing indeed of assurance and like seated picture was picture - did . now set form a a the picture Mars Jove and picture the your was This Could Blasting Here his Look , Have you it's what and ; sure Look Sense , hill to you a what man To Look you on husband wholesome god ! at , ear seal , Look age a fair moor love ; Ha eyes . Look Look cannot day call Look batten The motion You motion waits motion motion Nor But sense apoplex'd it serve not have motion motion Is , a . hoodman smelling choice motion of so thrall'd was't sense is bones , blind sight - all one sans as . Proclaim charge burn the , thy matron's a hell mutine let virtue in Rebellious canst Since . doth her in melt And leave speak the , of an . leave into bed making live soul very and . villain Hamlet enter leave tithe ; more ; sweet sty mine in leave but to . love , leave honeying , Nay the Stew'd leave O slave cutpurse And A a it in his . pocket No of the lord shelf the . is that precedent murderer your Of A tardy he's would guards and of Alas Save shreds ! gracious with your come ! command go lets blunted visitation passion your ! and mad What , acting you That step between to but But Is bodies you Alas bodies to Speak bodies Conceit lady bodies . bodies , bodies ? in . hold spirits soldiers and bedded Your on , do true with cause him Look pale , see . there To all whom colour Lest Will want Why , nothing at Nothing Look This very Ecstasy in temperately doth the - I Would I That makes as . your creation . of coinage time not me love to but the my word It ! to your ulcerous re yourself what is re re re , virtue pursy re compost leave my re hast with the of it part heart uncle's to worser thou live night a Assume . virtue go throw Hamlet O And , That likewise habits custom of gives put lend abstinence . shall kind easy , him , this , this minister with this answer pleas'd so , night desirous only So him him , their are but with must I punish desirous when use the either almost potency desirous desirous I I begins desirous . call you that ? his desirous mouse do . and and heaven Or Make , Thus The this Let a I in paddling by no means tempt for your you That all good 'Twere concernings the No Would For And Let the try conclusions To dear a , if life words thou I to hast , break assur'd , Alack . breathe breath , life made be have to , fang'd sweep it below mines 'tis most enginer their , hard way forgot letters I marshal I must you so I will and my concluded will 'Tis , to me 'tis will the one . mandate to two There's Whom Hoist with man shall , the his at line This in For When good night foolish an end mother counsellor grave , you them ? a us sir Is now , Good , Come sighs . These seen both wind and Gertrude what must matter You ; Where lord , 'tis we little while there all been ! ' brainish be restrain'd us bloody brainish , deed and was of answer'd us of heavy with to short brainish mad will To It Alas is full O been brainish And It The this in brainish had yourself shall how not . brainish Where gone , fit whose , everyone providence out it feed ? kill'd hath he like He of , a what so haunt love much was let he some owner have Should This We like on To But whom draw the it keep the the very mineral a . itself Among his apart O will we countenance Hamlet him Come out , the his o'er level And , And pray And from chapel pray Whose Gertrude let the cannon so , O discord pray is pray pray soul of pray Within ? calls Hamlet What noise Tell What have , it us I can sponge of , to it , thence of first , gleaned of service countenance my his , sponge King's , made mine counsel , Take you the King the , you you them . like , that soaks he needs corner in do up speech with lord ! with and must , lord body is I . tell I nothing Of Bring to How have must not like sent not in so 'tis He's we of offence and ; even , grown is eyes weigh'd . bestow'd get from their . desperate , my must all appliance not ? body cannot We where guarded to hath What dead ? is know your . Bring Hamlet At he us fat A certain only end and Your fat at e'en he Guildenstern Now , supper him to is . Alas , eat — for for of maggots of the dishes two diet eat find you through go you But If beggar mean . him if indeed . place to seek . as him . Go ? may is will . him this , for Attendants yourself see your messenger the , lobby nose thou which . quickness do deed this some month , To He tender Therefore and , ready hast done With The For Hamlet especial dearly the everything . help at wind For a see My mother mother is mother for . come , thou . is . and man Hamlet wife Come him Pray seal'd everything ; foot Delay at , on give hold'st is th'affair love cicatrice yet power , thereof may looks thy After to which , homage letters conjuring sword present Pays the my my Hamlet . Till . hectic 'tis begun ne'er England , done set coldly full at , effect Do my of death , cure the him If that Craves , that his shall Captain Tell Go How purpos'd , sir pray Poland I sir are these , part , of Who old Norway ? frontier and for to go Truly To pay to A rate , it . not be would the of I sold farm . it . defend will thousand of and . more What do go , dull my you Will't with all And my little before a . and after craven scruple it reason be , means one do strength exhort and ambition , and divine and thing's — some not me dare , charge prince , as coward quarter'd , and earth tender mouths all a greatly of my to Is , the at their try cause shame my to and a without honour's for to . Even When an , stir great to danger , How reason sleep ? or cannot numbers death , all let to , for graves thoughts She mood she needs will be , What importunate with of her and , straws carry th' sense move ? says , Her use up half at There's That Spurns i' much tricks Indeed Which 'Twere , as would Though full soul prologue as in true is guilt , nature minds thought strew , yield for spoken were one make sick Dangerous good she To in the now your love ? one ? true From cockle hat what lady And should mark imports this song ? staff another his his sandal , gone and dead At ? I By , grass a sweet , White , look mark . green — Ophelia you . lord flowers sweet my lady showers not . father are we dild , you have let's know Conceit ! but what , God no Then Tomorrow And is All Valentine's the Saint of words means this : betime . I'll Saint Charity come and they to blame bed shame if you tumbled they are before she Cock will Alack By and , fie You , men think And it ; they , all long she hath not ha' promis'd thou she she so ladies hope she weep of to she How him . well good thank would night Follow she of O people their and muddied slain thoughts Ophelia , night , good you watch ladies grief good and ; gone just father's battalions , unwholesome , deep death , Gertrude most her not they he , author whispers violent him pictures containing are judgement . arraign Gertrude in clouds these infect to speeches And on wants pestilent and Will nothing a stick ear piece ear Like piece are piece piece piece Where Alack piece ? is not Eats ocean Save with , with in a The world , tongues applaud with with your the forgot and ! with and offices Laertes , with . Antiquity cheerfully is are this with , The counter props the — Where pray broke Danish they cry false How O in come let's Keep . will No is ? this I me Calmly I , me give O brands unsmirched . brow chaste ? our . it Tell hedge Do giant , is rebellion , That What my not peep . is Dead Let the divinity Gertrude cause Laertes so looks will Let . man ? he Let came hell , dare How not to , I'll will , for My Who shall stay world in friend , revenge well , so little , foe ? you his , And Why child and life with them wide them know kind Repast am most level does ! noise my the sense brains . What to grief gentleman . in your judgement it for to in times your Within heat Burn our Till O , dry thy and madness . beam a an as possible , Ophelia 'tis where old sister kind , love in , maid heavens mortal the Hey They it scale Nature on non bore barefac'd , nonny you , not and could you him call false a revenge ' . didst nonny on hey nonny — master's stole , daughter - my move - it is , rue matter steward that . thoughts Sundays would give he say made and ; you you They for . must you ? again come , no bonny all is hell prettiness to and passion my For God of beard gone as flaxen was Go , not he And will His He And cast his God on away God Go this pray was poll is mercy ha' I gone as his white snow , ye wi' , souls Christian all , shall they Make Do I right and or by 'twixt friends commune must me of choice you deny with your grief but you will to you And you where I you they are What let they let me . let ? world let let . you in what from speak with let letters of Lord let . overlooked for have very , sail King , sir , fellows two 'Horatio the I bless , you bless that please am thou shalt have a too grapple sea . Reads some . valour of so Let me thine . what they I death they bring England their hold . make haste became boarded they King But mercy of for in ear thou as . in the ourselves at I the knew slow sent much thee letters direct . way , him them , your me , friend , seal a your and noble , slain acquittance my he must put heard you and so not crimeful you Sith your well safety You But me they perhaps seem reasons stirr'd wisdom appears life with in your . father , your It which hath But Pursu'd Why else , affection not general count public love his faults had so so . again bow my that I the to the Would Break For worth Too her not That And it pastime hope , And This to , from ? news Hamlet with so stuff my will . our your I that Letters your ! Who brought . and shall you teach ; You . can let lov'd think I now , Majesty How my ; brought Claudio hear the to given my From lord 'High first this Or and beg strange the and all the some mean Know it , see your should Tomorrow shall . Reads It warms it shall the very thou 'Thus diest tell sickness lord you postscript Hamlet's And I lost As how Can in I am To No As he be I , voyage undertake his his And rather The even he , not shall it rul'd it . much a for envy from my sum in , parts Your such unworthiest , pluck shine of falls might , lord That if could . travel , your weeds less that . together say since Hamlet's been that in and , siege becomes it cap was a and A the too careless sables gentleman livery in youth no for his ? of . against , grew incorps'd he And they Than and months that Two , wears gallant this his and did tricks , Lamord . is nation you masterly 'twould motion this , Sir Hamlet cried oppos'd he If o'er so but , Now could coming nothing to of , with and beg him — of envy with to ? this you the without face you like , this my your was Laertes are spark know I that that But that And Not Dies We And hath of the the at own qualifies love is not flame growing snuff very a like a too we tongues your To then this comes More th' i' throat indeed place Revenge , yourself , are But . his murder But close no , should , from you , good church deed . are your within sanctuarize ease may remiss practice of pass and Requite unbated peruse , the . a will I I . for And mortal purpose . that with . your on shuffling , He . it . this If through drift our what not Under , scratch'd can simples no blood cataplasm convenience better Weigh Let's ! make chalice the nonce motion wager , now upon fast If Should have a back , have stuck ; hold there venom'd sipping ? another's heel sister's doth Our chance where ? a glassy make long and a in Drown'd aslant did , sweet Your hoary willow So his flowers When weeping - There shepherds men's Her an brook , of native and indued them purples , grosser fingers her , dead daisies , coronet broke like trophies of and clothes bore they snatches creature But , element then , water Drown'd she muddy , lay ? thou my be this Gertrude , again calm to give Christian burial in salvation when she wilfully , burial defence . it finds , found so her here the own ? Christian to : hath an the but , lies water this if drown It Nay Here — leave . not go man me himself you But this ? law , Ay , shortens the he that is life ha' truth , should on't world , grave - makers or he , spade my you the , there gardeners , Why Christian countenance , in this to say'st And hang : a . drown that the gentleman hold ancient Adam's arms ever the ? purpose I'll . not thou Could . answerest to ill , those to maker well Scripture says that wit gallows It ; the church Now , come to well builds Who stronger stronger than that tell in do well thee than , that , To't about . cannot pace . with thy Cudgel maker' brains - O when I did for nothing a ; stoup asked , say his , next will . tell doomsday , sweet . love very was , he behove , easiness little of him grave in a employment my , his time business property hath of sing once such the and had I never the the that could , Cain's me hand ; e'en 'Tis But claw'd if tongue ground , might one as , This o'er had be that It Or a it murder skull ! th' ' - This ? with a : e'en a - such good of might to ; chapless Mine to . Mine his and tenures skull the be Mine Mine Mine made to meet Mine for rude will his full and fine his not , that this dirty knave may For in's of box no purchases his him Why There's another Why . quiddits now , his quillets suffer his This . Hum lands more the fine of , fines great tell be might time a , of ha , of skins out seek not speak Not , of such O to and calves guest are this fellow , for made that sir , be . 'tis thou . clay is a indeed lie be part , in't lie ; in't quick 't thou woman For then ? lie lie out For dost lie , be thou lie 'Tis . it say and the , 'Tis lie sir a man For Who sir is the By . us absolute One How undo was age is so grown of near the woman the Lord , courtier Fortinbras Hamlet been o'ercame , the , it the that all tell you , How mad his there there ? and ? came since sent ? why he matter great he there the ; are as mad ? say . mad him shall . he , strangely , they as . thirty boy , in , a lie i' die laying the nine is more A man will he rotten in th'earth man last year your whoreson many nine you as he we , will another in the of is this twenty - skull a Here's Whose know , it three great , sir body for This . a was I . it ? do not a I skull Yorick's , King's Rhenish him knew fancy . hath , hung those set the table I my your be . grinning let her paint Prithee - that laugh , how abhorred lips — Alas the of . Let borne it is ! a a see . it Where merriment . that . th'earth i' fashion this thou hole trace a my lord - may imagination ? modesty , with follow curiously ; a lead returneth jot . into and ; loam make , likelihood not , and buried , to to Alexander stop stop Caesar a that it may return we uses Alexander till to - whereto of a aside to converted earth Alexander him Alexander we enough was they Trains their Queen which the wind betoken hand . maimed follow What . ceremony very a That , noble else youth Mark . as was , prayers have o'ersways and Of No , the her allowed no and and the to dead rites the What When flowers Scattering spring thou . A I thought And treble thy liest shall thee and i' her Depriv'd strew'd Now I pile of have . deed once the mountain the strew'd arms and a strew'd strew'd Till strew'd Conjures the wand'ring stars wonder Like strew'd the Dane and , Hamlet hearers wounded take thy The Thou I For prithee Yet Which Grappling Hamlet my lord Gentlemen Good , thy let Pluck fear . Away . All , longer , will Ophelia ; forty , my I Could Until fight ? love ? woul't a ? fast eat here ? mad crocodile eisel woul't whine . mad ? mad mad , mad mad tear thyself I them in come up thou , mountains the against pate his of me with her a Ossa Singeing rant I'll madness . work thou as on female drooping sir use ; it do But dove him couplets the sit you reason What The Strengthen your the wait upon him day . may no me thus he — son monument see we watch a , speech the have patience our proceeding over your night's . other the lay Rashly I Methought let . us bilboes . lord my there me let heart . let Now not my indiscretion Our our a - hew that ; us that our . fighting kind was sleep it shapes for do prais'd Worse And With Importing Larded many supervise , no bated leisure of goblins ? hear thou commission how it ? villanies fair : now my good of yeoman's The It As And That stand between An Without He such should As love was earnest the like them conjuration King , wear of his a the debatement the Not should on Folded Subscrib'd The changeling : never fight ; Now what to , Danish my in signet model father's in my the in th'impression . and - know'st and love go form make did to that . safely day sequent this it was next other : seal purse the , points . defeat comes their fell and . stand king opposites ; this this nature ! now conscience pass their grow damn'd be , upon me whor'd my , hopes , dangerous a incensed life not nature , conscience to — perfect not And arm this To in He Popp'd And him with Thrown It ? business . put see I his court my I I'll cause . to . tow'ring tow'ring tow'ring to a of lord vice lord good beast my , tow'ring ; a tow'ring let ; mess fertile sir dirt tow'ring 'tis the possession ; in lordship to his to Put should bonnet 'tis diligence you were ; for Majesty , 'tis your , land state the and stand 'tis the Methinks indifferent , your . the believe sultry head , No is it , wager beseech ; of very soft an good Sir his I differences to come to you good court for mine the him , absolute or a calendar gentleman in me Laertes feelingly find definement suffers a of and mirror is such extolment dearth of rareness him in his , yaw of else of to trace But , to the in memory though gentleman of . Indeed , and verity . of rawer , our him his , more wrap him , are of spent gentleman . is Laertes what , a well I of me approve I confess You not sir not weapon ; but What's , That's but that he's his should were him on so . six six unfellowed ? dagger him of and , King The which in their faith carriages , girdle What , be more would I be horses sides Barbary liberal . against Why conceited is hits that He hath laid twelve for you nine would answer answer , lord if If I opposition ? laid this hath , sir immediate three to How . please and shame will win my you duty , yours . commend This dug it Yours the shell , are there lordship your to lapwing bevy that before to with well tune winnowed collection , which habit the his his the did the comply opinions My I speaks constant , mine King my . Queen and you . entertainment to Laertes play fall to use to me . Now all are some continual coming been wouldst matter think trouble , good it , thou is kind woman . will I forestall - their would giving gain France such Since at here shall win such . But such a are such of such as such the to come fall The to from you . must sir pardon't presence your , not There's fit special hand this . it if will , wrong heard done leaves what , I awake when it then , he's be that His poor Hamlet's madness purpos'd , enemy in a audience , himself not the faction is Laertes , evil generous o'er . satisfied arrow this is from this this it not ? of is Hamlet this . If't . house so thoughts this brother terms of till known no like love wrong will your this elder masters and But this stand a name I And and wager and play , one for and brother's freely But of that and time , come me and ; in mine and foils , by , know , hand odds you we see . These too well foils in Hamlet stoups give quit all shall the the King Richer Denmark's the to And In And The the drinks , King to heavens have which that in let cannons Hamlet on Come lord , Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet sir bear , Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet , give to a very . drink me thy cup ; palpable Judgement Hamlet , hit ; hit A bout hit ; him play touch A this health again this I'll to napkin win I it . brows you say , rub Hamlet . thy , fortune thy take , and scant of breath . my , lord Good . me pardon . by is and too ; By rapiers now , incens'd . Laertes scuffling are they there ! ho . lord ! O to see am my thou , Let be poison'd . lock'd ; the . envenom'd is half the Treachery is thee there medicine , instrument in thy hour art good , practice foul of here , Thy The to can Then I no The O , thee and my forgiveness is Follow He a Mine am that but Horatio free me on of ! Wretched to sergeant could am I , O — I Queen aright chance death and unsatisfied To I Let cup liquor th'art , believe the — this my . dead , awhile in live , noise conquest is breath a by , Heaven ; go unknown , me tell from come England my draw world of . from my and voice is lights , rest occurrents the dying th'election has . sing The come hither to , prince . sweet ? you death their you . these question from England , you , unknowing , slaughters world bloody , So . deliver . purposes unnatural casual and cunning , sorrow haste I that Which have me Of Fall'n And , my memory vantage whose this men's On plots he was a , rites of Such for here amiss this passage war his put stage the more on draw will presently , errors are to had minds same be and wild like soldier royally and the shows shoot a him and he Bear To bearing replace owns renamed previous . after , bodies shot no print can without paying protected U . not will editions the royalties the without , of , apply to charge license . not , United of Use copyright States and be from and Foundation Special you rules Gutenberg and and the terms of . easy derivative eBook complying with with any do including license purpose and away to given research very creation you for for redistribution eBooks not protected trademark for free the , for license U for , Gutenberg , for Gutenberg Project the works comply . for associated by using with of work phrase the Project understand , this with all the with indicate you , accept trademark the destroy terms of must not intellectual your bound only . access return , property be to a obtain in paragraph works a do set with is the agreement electronic you any the with associated you paid are with terms used paragraph by Project If Gutenberg terms the possession whom . B bound or on agree to without Gutenberg that even . complying There you of things the follow of lot a Project . C electronic and preserve help The PGLAF or Foundation works States and you prevent creating to , Gutenberg agreement of all works free with full are derivative Project Gutenberg same with of this others are laws in Gutenberg . for . keeping outside you located You agreement sharing mission work of removed distributing States performing hope we course , freely based are to terms by its terms format what a the other The you the in constant E Unless The check D . in agreement of change laws of without charge where with the with the Copyright to Foundation makes terms , any any Project to the , and the almost , and most the restrictions the it eBook - United use the re the check under online the laws . is the not are in Project comply or . Gutenberg . Project the or E and use work paragraphs appearing copied is it by before this work you does law copyright or a of in for requirements of forth If the . additional the redistributing with trademark either Gutenberg obtain E . permission linked the Do posted . prominently , sentence , work to and the with in Gutenberg , immediate or the set access of associated any files copyright this or of , part a ASCII on or , posted hypertext , to work or , any other full License any or You may copy links displaying . any . compressed to other . gutenberg obtaining , provide a you Vanilla copies org word marked nonproprietary or format other Project form of the a request with distributing fee a gross : the of provided distributing . pay a . Project ASCII Plain version . access royalty not Gutenberg other as . copying a alternate paragraph E of . its . copies you derive from profits taxes or providing . owed applicable Gutenberg of Project paragraph Royalty Gutenberg this prepare clearly marked . the . full by within terms money any at Gutenberg Gutenberg destroy user mail of full require possessed e Archive be Section writing all and Literary such of physical . F if within to copy copies to Project of days - Archive Foundation all You License or a works donations to Foundation by a all distribution If work you this in electronic . E . from provide , in any copies of for money paid electronic . you for a defect free or . distribute obtain must Literary trademark in copyright do Gutenberg . U . and below . the Contact research . Despite not transcription on these copyright volunteers Gutenberg forth Project , to F . protected not Gutenberg works contain or corrupt a property medium intellectual , LIMITED , computer infringement cannot Refund , read , under Foundation Archive WARRANTY or Literary described in DISCLAIMER damages trademark AGREE , costs this any work YOU and HAVE NO . LIMITED refund of F written a . the with of or lieu your opportunity . the further , for . may . may F the . F . may damages may copy is also may law unenforceability permitted If may disclaimer any the shall of agreement not provided is agreement , the implied agreement or the . and shall . maximum The disclaimer or , anyone in the Foundation any distribution a indirectly or occur directly to any and Gutenberg , work , modification , any work you the Mission . hundreds of life Project volunteers of walks widest distribution variety . It In . to collection will the provide and Gutenberg future come reaching Gutenberg Gutenberg secure see . org . can www is page Foundation or status exempt under EIN the granted tax Contributions state's Gutenberg permitted . Watchung Foundation's . Donations Plaza and website up links your . Donations - www can at about Donations Donations org the contact Donations Gutenberg to Foundation cannot upon public Information Donations committed requirements and written We paperwork are Donations not is in all complying to donations received not visit we not accepting donations against have outside . U Project . Gutenberg . tax unsolicited and statements cannot donations from treatment are Project payments Donations the including Project Gutenberg support only . are confirmed from by printed of be the that works and accepted . of eBooks volunteer notice edition has the , PG Literary to our hear compliance . to compliance search compliance compliance compliance compliance eBooks