Nay 'Tis to your hour Francisco . upon He . You come struck carefully this of watch , Horatio bid them , night and . them hear Friends And I . Holla Say , my Barnardo good you - reliev'd good Give , honest night . Marcellus Barnardo there , night along of him to hold take , have the this minutes eyes us to if dreaded Touching . fantasy , him our seen 'twill our I of appear , Sit are watch this will not let may let two fortified again assail down . of , it speak and approve pole heaven , Barnardo this ears story comes again it , beating , burns his same And Peace thee now it bell same art Looks Thou In break the speak ; like me It . and fear It would Question not it Most art Together sometimes Did is it stalks away . speak It speak , answer Stay now with that fair and buried of majesty the which In march By ? 'Tis ! Horatio God , eyes on't not true . it Before , Is How not you more and not will You something think I the my Of Without Is , 'Tis once the was he the stalk before he hath the Thus twice smote in bodes gross strange most and , strict this nightly Good And Does such And make So Why For Did slay forfeit of , conqueror had moiety lands ; same Fortinbras by design'd , full , of skirts a list That hath food a by the main and of it so preparations take lands I , by those foresaid and the : but watch question the sort be - this haste our of the trouble palmy Julius sheeted eye wars Rome , blood dead ; star of dews the and mightiest empire moist Roman the and in of ; sun gibber fire eclipse events fates on , demonstrated comes it still coming together Lo it to ! though climatures or Stay . use to . me to country's , ease thing be to done voice to to and to to O , privy ! in womb Stay to , to to to about was It Doth Upon Awake To This his Some , spirit night planets gracious witch , I , the , high my upon seen life , him to have up in , morn and and for we and ; us we in our dumb young Unto yet of Cornelius memory our be in so Yet To That Together To bear we remembrance jointress auspicious , as sometime wisest sorrow think of this warlike , sister to weighing ; wisdoms . which , herein and have , frame message : writ . power your commend more further , articles haste will dilated in : and subject we you personal to than . the greeting your what's you , Dane beg thou what's Laertes what's what's what's Laertes with news what's not thou lord to my of what's , to thy to what's is more not hand The the Than throne wouldst Your leave whence show My thoughts I To now in I to return to ; Denmark ! seal'd . kind ? seal'd wrung ; graces ; give seal'd What says at my seal'd seal'd seal'd seal'd . thy time thine seal'd son , seal'd much am I clouds Hamlet , sun Denmark . is eternity . vailed to , it it , Nay not ! madam nature , 'tis know'st through Passing , Ay Nor inky shows indeed might woe , bound term the father and a lost father ; impatient heaven as ; unschool'd mind his your these give Take it As For . A It Of . simple is condolement . know most and peevish , absurd and the . against any heart , and vulgar , unmanly grief . incorrect we dead , pray note . opposition . to sense , must the should ? unprevailing This of And Than fathers A To I us ; eye our and to you , courtier beseech to nobility of love , not go not Be as ourself gentle to jocund health my 'tis in my best and of , you . madam . reply Wittenberg , bruit thunder to that and cannon No But the heaven the ; Denmark a . heart Denmark rouse resolve , stale Oh ! all the Everlasting ; dead it Everlasting Hyperion Everlasting Possess Everlasting Fie Seem me self that His Everlasting That Everlasting increase appetite . roughly Why ; on if remember face ; beteem Everlasting not I Must Everlasting me and Frailty ere name body Why father's , of think little A As a he Visit satyr , thy a had would of earth on old mine , father eyes month like with of reason — my a , sheets to good . to most galled hold , tears her unrighteous Hercules to married Had am And The to forget do name lord same servant my . my my that you Sir I'll what change And My you see faith make do know I it you not truant I My came to your affair drink own no truant - wedding . fellow me , my lord Horatio ! my I it was I I mock it student upon father Horatio again like . saw him I eye Where — My lord The , admiration King My Saw think look not was He , shall his upon Who ! deliver may a I these me love God's nights Two For , Marcellus , Been Armed , and waste A , and Barnardo had let , hear together . exactly , of gentlemen , pie solemn thrice whilst he eyes distill'd walk'd father your like . watch , good like more where ? the in watch ? I not The the they them , apparition thing secrecy night both time and . father true made word knew platform was where But we , head would none like the It But made you morning Did morning Itself But And strange , in our morning lord . 'tis troubles tonight but it morning . watch sirs To MARCELLUS morning lord of writ think my . this the , We morning morning morning did live it honour'd , we and let . head toe From Then , my from , look'd in , Nay upon very red ? you it hundred . might BARNARDO saw't longer I a MARCELLUS haste was silver'd . walk watch again . will tonight seen in . my noble it ? no , you ; and you . farewell . well , foul to in play earth I will Your My Though sit doubt then all the I'll o'erwhelm my would the , All . sleep Farewell the hear that you his , favour , primy from , as lasting ; a of ? grow , crescent more For . bulk and withal The nor cautel loves mind the of ; service Perhaps ; to birth you will not for He Carve His In Grows subject subject he May his he your . and yielding persons doth you besmirch own subject do but subject soil is on subject fear subject not his that he place sustain . songs subject your Or If weigh with lose subject heart credent you importunity my . his subject ; chaste your of sister of of , may honour , to the of of . loss voice deed main too of Be of , Youth And of then rebels itself their the not The Out unmask 'scapes morn best , of are not wary Contagious to as not itself my me not Virtue canker not infants and the galls before calumnious not not liquid buttons of disclos'd of most not , do my brother , good not . near in fear pastors though . rede own puff'd steep the recks me here . for . you , sail your of in precepts , There . these character his , tongue ; Aboard for ? is , Occasion , The And familiar . few are wind Yet thou any to ear beware few voice . adoption of . friend be chief lender the thy , quarrel a thine , purse rich proclaims , as both borrower loses oft dulls : thine the generous best of oft , fancy can buy thee ; true that in husbandry be my . day thee in leave , false the man . any to of a : the above it not And canst : invites time Farewell do you Ophelia , this your remember and said have , take . you to go ; What 'Tis yourself is't Ophelia Farewell . memory something please it that You way of understand on truth your and my do in As What you not — as , me ? Of lord daughter hath oft and must honour . yourself of ; most so yourself hath ! of his Unsifted Pooh Affection Do not , behoves audience your is And He Give made . the between up . green girl them call what tenders , perilous circumstance , to speak You such affection you do I That Marry my have not are you Which , Or hath you ; love with yourself true for more Tender — not you'll go , know . burns blood the When Ay With to more their tongue , these , is a in blazes all almost given , And , Ay something , heat vows woodcocks Lends light springes the command a ; sanctified which vows much to parley at your vows not , Have in better Breathing But of implorators he tether And may dye like , my ; This . of unholy suits , all Hamlet ways . obey I to give I shall I it struck season the near draws . it spirit held , think , takes does ? I is It his then of heard Indeed Wherein What King drains drum triumph The it custom ? reels here out down . native a than east other , More Makes They honour'd us clepe our The ; breach ; observance , though in traduc'd and headed , the it I and with it height , guilty are nature particular , not , reason them in they of our , vicious oft achievements our From As in nature , some forts complexion origin attribute though and addition Soil of pith for By breaking by , Nature's livery they may of censure . fault general be or Fortune's of and that — of of of virtues His of else I their manners ; stamp of his all particular noble substance scandal lord of Being , habit of the , too that of star evil of , men one grace — shape . a I'll such from of grace the , it of dram Doth my own thou thy Thou That I airs and defend in , not Dane burst King Bring Dane , That Dane Dane Dane Making Revisit'st To Dane why we thee bones canoniz'd thy burst in , Dane ; again ponderous and inurn'd the why cerements hearsed marble , Dane , death in quietly What ! op'd thee , Say Look go we reaches souls , mean , steel moon of our we the of ? should What fools of action means ; beckons As with a . did desire . to that itself , follow it fee . form of it , reason , I'll ? motive place deprive there might into It , waves so more And Go draw Which And The your , follow still . him follow gentlemen . me thee lets that I'll . come this will what follow Let's Have follow him I'll go tormenting and render to hour My . come almost sulph'rous When Till Are Thy thy Would Make I for of If this didst and love — is it best and , the murder . be list father ; unnatural unnatural , weed hear Now on apt thou in stir given not shouldst I May meditation , the thee find that . swift . love as the , so sleeping ; whole . The Is 'Tis thou That And duller this me by my his of did sting thou life orchard ear forged Wouldst A Rankly ; that wears process , queen , the power — beast adulterate ! soul that , Mine prophetic ! be heaven , decline link'd in to itself sate Though To That Hamlet a . Will , lewdness made whose my to seduce hand But me custom of within . bed , pour ears were a never poor , air the my of angel it doth of porches as the let soft And cursed leperous such natural with vile did . most a And Thus The thin with hebenon a courses it droppings alleys blood , my in of in , like my So the through ; into of it with posset not thee , a and . instant , at once loathsome mine , milk about crust hand . lodge , heaven her thy soul ! near once to contrive , at be fire . else my thee a memory records pressures , away from this I'll wipe , books thy youth the distracted And book brain by heaven ? shall fond my . globe up grow stiffly Yea table of past ! woman smiling and it villain ! may , villain Within That , and All O Meet uncle So least Denmark be you I smile most there adieu have , lord It , At villain baser and Yes damned set , me my be Now I pernicious in so remember him ! So I 'Adieu . Lord Within be My sworn't MARCELLUS my , Come ? lord , it , O What Hillo , How is't my my lord lord Nor , then you But would you'll I , be and HORATIO by heaven , MARCELLUS my Denmark . lord all . come lord arrant knave from grave ; in heart of man . secret dwelling an , To But , desire , I'll wild are as For Look and words Such And hold Why right without that ; but , heartily . lord . you part all shall for hath man — go , but offence faith you you , pray own my ; seen MARCELLUS you my one , may friends Never make lord and , Nay I , In my under Cries , sword , in cellarage , there Art stage the sayst you the , this Never boy Consent oath my . sword so to sword . Beneath et ? speak thou by . Hic , hear Propose of Swear you A said O Well this more Canst . my that upon my have good fast ? work ! mole Never Swear speak by Swear remove , th'earth . Beneath earth , Horatio strange is give , on never head disposition so myself meet shake - times put as dreamt things in your , 'There of an To arms That There With by speak' 'We some phrase be — most to or , pronouncing hereafter philosophy help But , come this and , ambiguous of . out , or : know' encumber'd , soe'er bear such perchance doubtful and Swear . spirit . you note not your they do , your , in I your , Swear your ; your , to , it cursed your us Let and was go let's born joint your . set your . spite . Reynaldo right notes and Nay The I him this money marvellous these , him Look . did I Of You how well lord first who company What That , encompassment do son intend inquiry , more . of knowledge distant they Marry , Take you Enquire , what well very me By your some will demands you this his you him and he's may lord . Reynaldo , 'not well ; rank usual and heed ' I as Than , and may , But What sir forgeries if't him he so please , As gaming ? To or , in But Addicted Quarrelling Ay are my . drinking , Faith , That not The my You no as you that drabbing lord must he : seem flash my good — this ? do , would ; him , fetch , warrant , blood fiery mind . son my sullies little , in it these a As You thing Mark closes youth sir 'Good , ' with slight , here's soil'd or man Very — say , What sir good Having party 'twere By 'friend so was ; you And He At 'closes him , the thus such gaming then or Or There falling saw a or a of ; truth , say ' . ' , and in's perchance you not you See carp so , falsehood of do You lecture , bias . have ? directions of have me By God Good my I you . well assays and yourself . my , shall And I Observe you lord his music in inclination him Well my my With lord my , I my , what's was his my gyved my to his purport my my , ankle stockings unbrac'd my chamber , God in of , fear it . me turn'd go . King ? of words any him natures to property violent go to me . the our Whose is with This to desperate to will to to to to That What to I And need Welcome , dear much sending transformation we hasty nor Hamlet's Since that . did ; I call inward provoke , Guildenstern long use to Moreover The Our nor to Rosencrantz th'exterior it of so That So you Some time your , rest to young of from father's dream vouchsafe little him much open'd , two If will it good talk'd men adheres I gentlemen That Whether , so And draw to aught To am he whom And To To For , Might Than dread king's entreaty pleasures a visitation Your As expend your . time much so supply shall us to much To Put your And My changed lay , I too . Th'ambassadors . from joyfully been the . liege , news . lord good . my of , you Assure ? duty think not the cause to do of Hamlet's — else policy that us'd , that of first that Give grace news speak As I , trail do shall He tells source is of I The my sift shall Voltemand , To your Highness into better That Upon Say It was his which from of levied old commission soldiers joy the those overcome crowns employ against Polack this dominions thousand arms with obeys fine more arrests , safety regards please down quiet pass annual fee shown to before as his you set for , an it That On might such As at our of And , you at night What Why This be night waste is and night , is well madam night the night tediousness night define to for ; it , nothing Were night Therefore I night that nothing to day majesty Your let to night But be matter is't but call And night Mad be noble go , I What since brevity . I limbs and outward flourishes mad madness art art I swear , And it find farewell That mad But That given Who have her me , a phrase and phrase a vile 'beautified' Now have gather , whilst of of . then cause and duty this a For Hath , in we Or out the daughter idol ; to I but obedience she mark surmise vile hear you Hamlet . sun sun sun , sun to , sun sun she do sun As think and sun prove this hot what love so I As When fain of a . I your what tell might of me by love All man would If given my my had dear not 'Lord must That done repulsed no Admit And a , into tale resort star bespeak round , her : to of I receive fruits short wherein , thence a no the a watch And madness lightness Into may we to wail for a I positively be , this . ' . he fast , weakness ? otherwise prov'd there have When this if Not circumstances Take such It lead is If hid me though , may How together further it walks You from know At , hours , then arras for But and an thereon state comes away reading . not , wretch try you give Hamlet O my God him sadly presently Away We a do I'll Then I Not , honest my , well ? honest of be as to carrion true , maggots the That's very ten , world , I would breed sun if conceive Friend is man one my in you daughter dead , my Conception . sun . was suffered much — a I by truly I'll . me to in ; daughter What He daughter . Yet very my far but , not he ; read . speak ? said , may i' her gone not And the , words . men for grey you amber a . in't like thus wit crab I have method my is , eyes lack if lord , hits . Aside . go as will me , I of delivered humbly you daughter life lord , I anything sir except madness . be between often of take , except my life will except . reason will my of leave and him take my Hamlet you sir . My My most lord save Lord to As . in good ! How how , friends honoured the Neither the in her Faith her about cap are we Fortune's , soles that we shoe live parts None , my , lord near doomsday the Then waist my lord secret Fortune your . sends my lord a one have is Then What Fortune is the Then which in being , 'tis Denmark Denmark's prison . wards lord is is a either good . prison 'tis a not have , makes one goodly We none infinite it one nutshell so , there for shadow king a dreams it that thinking I dreams , is indeed ambitious hold our . we bodies Then beggars ambition dream I and Which , Truly Shall a , of you to speak that I such I will an way friendship man sort dear like To . come dear too are inclining we should me What a halfpenny . sent ? Elsinore And . is . there craft and my , But , by ever fellowship must . in Is it free to your good King what direct or , me be What more me you . of youth our . you . then I the . But a , our proposer better discovery . heavily moult you If for . say no for were , Queen lost goes seems , me canopy I the air than roof earth wherefore your , this tell will secrecy to and know ; we it congregation to no . work how like , seem apprehension ? by of to is how pestilent admirable the in how this have of custom that sterile a you and noble a such in And no when said thoughts what : promontory , and look man , foul fire brave golden a , delights , though dust was man on the not beauty ; god you We not offer them . my , neither woman , lord there if My to did lord you from to you they coming shall to clown to and ; are . in coted to use man freely mind laugh knight shall to to king hither to He me that the shall be humorous such , her say make adventurous the such not they wont were such lady for't What city residence such in ways are take . such delight — of and such , the so , Do pace grow they are such when was late in such the of they they both the I did rusty there are them — the fashion , they sing ? 'em can common players they . and escoted do as are How on , top ? tyrannically afraid the are quality should been , make if most rapiers they like pursue has do to much the poet Is't unless on both player went and the possible them means no exclaim controversy to if they grow sides ; own their for while a too load . no cuffs the , find could forty and , and . in , King brains of . little give of his those philosophy . Your Let , twenty . in something should more ceremony Elsinore the players , hands mother are you deceived than yours . which dear my , north In north handsaw the what this garb outward appurtenance my , you of . lest welcome , but my . at , with not , his swaddling hearer gentlemen . each for wind lord - aunt southerly is mad Happily will you Guildenstern you prophesy comes tell a of . the so . was Roscius have I tell you to you , Well you yet come to hither When news My , say Rome Mark ; them Monday news have lord a of 'twas indeed it morning players . an you . are lord , come honour his on actor , my ass tragical only men poem . individable — for my . Upon came too the of no hadst thou history . the light too , historical , or for , old a , my passing well more — had , Still , fair he loved i' not , I Why . daughter Jephthah , you God , to lot , For where . then follows What my , O my , show I . look see than voice , What your my , us of you like I more Thy ? God ring . Denmark well thee is French . speech passionate my Come within ladyship old to a me , altitude e'en , was remember play once for general thee the a me once in was , the the But , said one matters speech of uncurrent gold . speech well . cunning the author , much but no called Aeneas' 'Twas in whose , heard speak to nor very and , begin Black With as it it fathers heraldry his and . it with and horridly to it , light and , it it , arms sable the ominous black purpose this lay it dread , he it : did is lend thus Old So , the seeks it , Priam fire Pyrrhus and ; His grandsire carbuncles . match'd it antique top hideous lo and blow . falls feel to Priam this , Which Stoops Takes Of prisoner to Pyrrhus' was declining on , father reverend And like So But at whiff in of , where , with to command wind Ilium his senseless flaming his head stood , the against and after sets death the as But The rend vengeance the new as in silence his as thou Now than less On Doth And bold hush Aroused , Out low remorse the , anon so Cyclops' hammers - Pyrrhus' did As for to jig And Break In general the the bowl He's shall of come barefoot late her diadem . down is good . 'Mobled good bisson rheum ! for and clout flames all of tongue treason did her clamour milch the with of mortal But 'Gainst , gods his the With Where had saw move the , has . at , burning that make Pyrrhus burst malicious , let . made all not In you have see I to , of the Good time them soon his after every is use them according honour bounty your after . sirs Come ? much they a ? than , desert live bestowed abstracts and the are better were you your , better me , friends hear thou Follow him tomorrow man , 'scape bodikin less , my set ? not you dozen We'll well Dost . hear play for speech a . you . my You Rosencrantz till Good . Follow which I down and look . my b' rogue a good wi' a visage his to all working so this player ! suiting conceit , in , do he for in to What the Hecuba That in he Had he in That Tears ? He motive for For Hecuba ? in distraction her his conceit , in the ignorant the drown ? in for stage wan'd Hecuba and in , and the and with her would cue the ear eyes - not of unpregnant , amaze No mettled coward life dear for appal ears have That very dull - can And Plucks me the As Tweaks Ha by , breaks . nose calls Who deep as , am To A Upon whose to I 'Swounds off pigeon - lungs the I But , treacherous ass the to like a whore , unpack my This , region bawdy , brave ! with very father is most murder'd hell dear - my guilty by struck have For They murder Play miraculous their tongue have . scene , have . of players speak , have ! heaven a ! creatures to him Before very the proclaim'd soul a like Fie brain sitting cursing scullion so ! play blench hath and spirits have I'll with spirit I'll no . that he his my very to he Out T'assume and Abuses and May I'll be most and something I and More Wherein relative and And know the and and and Get no means , he cause a dangerous you him Grating But He from find him madness will feels lunacy speak . much But . disposition true some to state well true demands true his true but his true , true . that to pastime true true we the already entreat to ; before play , are They and ; heart To To hear And beseech'd he Sweet For That And so father of gather , you suffers And your part obey as myself Gertrude Her bestow shall beauties . way shall his both to honours may . Madam I so Ophelia hope good wildness To We Ophelia will you of To your walk loneliness 'Tis bestow for Of ! in to sugar that oft please , book on visage ! helps too O to deed O is Than painted that devotion's blame . himself art suffer : to of To a of arrows arms opposing be him withdraw my ! the with shocks end say ? by , heir The That be No And To , to and end more heart flesh ache and take to : die ay to perchance against the is mind and 'tis not slings Or by fortune , a . rub , life delay time mortal come consummation , to sleep respect the There's proud the takes , hue , the thus conscience Thus Is Than And No returns puzzles those we cowards of moment of bourn , fardels we , of whose , dread a bear traveller undiscover'd , resolution us ills not all thought awry you thy , lord this well of - receive to day . deliver I aught . them . re many well a , noble the givers lord . lost mind , compos'd rich breath rich rich perfume well you did rich rich rich rich means fair Are your ? rich you , you be Could Ay beauty if my you a your honesty . better admit should , to the power than . lord , Indeed not have was . thee You likeness stock should but shall be . I am than or between believe none I give borne me us crawling shape me beck , ambitious were it thoughts that revengeful myself in are nunnery should in , At put ? We I could . accuse deceived more wouldst Why more to , heavens sweet . father my , thou plague not . play ! own , you Farewell may such fellows . lord . in's shut him he , Or quickly too him God ! for fool . monsters if and , powers restore enough me mad , you you say but all . I they that it are wantonness , a To nunnery your , given your made and Farewell God's the a scholar's as are here eye , Th'expectancy , no heavenly O your nickname I'll more noble shall fair Th'observ'd deject and honey and most his music sovereign vows , of tune mould is mind , what soldier's the quite of quite reason ! down me , madness though O'er which like he not ? what Blasted it not do have some I T'have and our the melancholy quick the Haply This Whereon settled himself do fashion objects of in countries shall matter neglected , to , not find she . plac'd , queen you all tell of brains him on't ? play with ear . him entreat as Lord , let , conference send in grief hold his it . if Let show To ones wisdom their his so him England It mouth you if . the , pray , lines all whirlwind pronounced you I as of do it tear you not for passion of . of use it crier thus I may but my as temperance hand , tongue speech But - to hear rags , are Herods have capable robustious warrant such a Herod Pray for . discretion it o'erdoing groundlings a me to who the , I to , be , tutor special the anything at nature for ; end mirror the up . her scorn not the let of fellow your word the to feature his ; own it time , must players very this the image Now hold as pressure unskilful . and there one laugh , accent have , having , some thought Christian profanely the , that — Christians imitated we Nature's they strutted and abominably , indifferently so . your men O praise of the which highly of others censure made not be us sir . clowns them ambition then I to of of the you play not that work most ? ready . them ? my will and What We lord sweet , e'er Here . as e'en art my For , thrift my the thee conversation O just dear I of lick poor be , thee flatter Nay , my , choice election , hast been suffers thou , herself for suffering that A , And Hath stop passion's That To I ay core too , please pipe so And and For are and before my Fortune's of him me in . blessed - well finger wear . one have seen , as him see'st I For see'st In after And see'st the very comment his that mine Observe Even see'st see'st Which see'st see'st They see'st coming are a A . Danish If And As Vulcan's stithy mine we censure will eyes fares Get march . Guildenstern . and Enter , How , faith ; of : cannot , you , lord ? and , good accounted actor did I . I Julius enact Caesar ? a i' mine . now patience your ready they dear , Capitol lord attractive more metal sit by mark . mother . the ? lap upon your head my Ay No Do fair thought lie lord my , I I , my meant , nothing meant ? meant Nothing . meant meant That's meant a meant meant What to between maids' meant my is lord I lord should , hours ! Who lord maker - your , let , great must hobby a hope lady , with a . and King the he O Nay , by'r there's sables long ? hobby Queen head his him asleep it with returns with kisses her . She the woos Queen show makes , Poisoner crown his . takes , lament miching the imports . the tell show show him Be what this ? show the . ashamed you means it mark . to play , for , love woman's hath brief the patiently ring . round , gone sheen been thirties did our must , know fear . shortly to and are grows is fear love : doubts great , great the , littlest grow functions too behind as rest accurst my . the let husband the Aside that Wormwood second . of respects base second time The A husband kisses now my , in think me what oft we . tree ; the . lose destroy lament . or our yet prove , passion the either we ourselves to ourselves of revels , enactures joys joy not should , aye with us or favourite : own friend of none so begun our contrary I where do fates end wills thoughts So earth To what cheer blanks have that in me , and lasting I break Meet Nor But Sport , here Each , deeply , 'Tis , day and fain I would twain in't no . play this thy sleep with tedious rock Sleep they but poison the offence ? i' offence there the . word she'll ? Is much methinks ; call , withers . This touches play . Let : a that o' not work the see puppets the . it the image unwrung Baptista chorus wife but us King . chorus . chorus leave chorus for . chorus bellow — better chorus . take chorus are you off chorus keen , and worse . my to edge . Pox agreeing revenge , creature midnight of magic and blasted drugs croaking murderer seeing , collected property immediately dire , no , rank murderer the is written On wholesome natural mixture black i' ban Thou Thy in gets very for's love rises how The anon see Gonzago name's Gonzago's wife shall must ; deer ? lord my fares play weep cry Half a one share in two feathers of world while the forest a . I thousand . ghost's might here reigns my the take very and dismantled was , Didst . rhymed word pound . the . well very you perdie , lord . of marvellous ? him , King ; rather him , should my show wisdom signify perhaps , sent me spirit . affliction sir my most not is of the I shall my . return , my mother answer , I say you and I — I I no there I ? is sir I I say you My ! our us trade ten her stonish admiration into amazement sequel . Have any to you ere times in you My And door my your , own I do Good lord upon can How see one as — grows be love , that well understand do lord , if my duty , the proverb is , me unmannerly cannot beseech no I it lying govern : finger these skill command . any . utterance know my stops thing of harmony are I would little the out top though , me upon do , note you would pluck to you instrument what . me you Call much music , you that's like a camel indeed play , speak , pipe a make it would Queen cloud is like with in weasel of . a ? camel , shape . the to night , of . bosom unnatural . my ; but use none not ever mother hot could as I breathes drink , hypocrites . nature now hell and them To let range nor , will not somever words with hourly doth lunacies fear provide it not endure along shall our us ourselves and those and of his . bound is of life bodies many your more much the all and armour and 'noyance ; and sigh , I King the Did Each small Are To ROSENCRANTZ him said wisely was she'll I'll I'll arras of vantage nature call I'll . more some Behind , To as Since 'Tis O my process the . said that meet you , them makes hath , Pray sharp can I not , upon't lord my what I , rank primal the a neglect than it what's And But forestalled past is Or fault That those My Can crown be own ; prayer as white not Were Is be to To pardon'd being my , cannot Of May one mine for be Buys Even Try give in wretched Yet what what limed more , Bow soft do . That would and and for to goes , revenge ? who save , heaven as . grossly hire And kills crimes his all With When his father him fit , To sword he And , Up When Or , of of And and villain broad , I . He , 'Tis trip has , in , At he is , his , And gaming no relish of or swearing , soul his th'incestuous drunk and the in audit in heavy , is asleep . sickly . may , hent horrid his act ; his My and , up King physic hell know Then that whereto that him He Tell straight have you too and broad below . heaven go stood bear to him Pray that heat and come pranks you Within Much And , you I Withdraw , him what's tongue idle ? a . Hamlet tongue me now question , it were You . can . wife my so . your , would , You Nay I'll set you Thou set down to that , a brother's , sit and I , help Draws , ducat Dead a A . O I thou rat ? is deed this good marry bloody and rash and ? word king 'twas fool brother a it Is . mother Take . sit I ; so it dar'st so wring to Thou Ay , lady , better too wretched took thee . your be done In That And From Such that , and off act and proof I What With tristful Is what at sick , and sweet body sets forehead blister there . contraction Heaven's and solidity words of an innocent a plucks marriage oaths O such doth deed , the thunders picture of on brow in the index eyes your . like , on his is your give combination on a world the every lighted and assurance did Could Here was husband this brother Look A Blasting To this the blood ? for you could call it judgement have to the this this sense to in not is Ha ? day waits from it such feeling hands step hey To thus in - You Would The Else Is serve reserv'd hath But Nor That Eyes Ears Or , matron's is true hoodman . What smelling feeling , O mope not Could but so If in ardour fire Rebellious thou melt the . mutine When Thou frost compulsive own . will such , sweat , the speak O Stew'd As Nay reason into tinct an making love tithe the kings , stole rule of part villain in ; and bed Hamlet . the patches precious diadem ! What hover heavenly Save No it Of your You king o'er come of your dread , son of me would and gracious mad not step between , important O Speak to . sits purpose . lets blunted visitation forget Do . lady , command fighting . thy . in How with your air hold with eye hairs . at And . That the bedded your sleeping in the . wildly you is her it you on is't you eyes soldiers vacancy ? peep discourse ? O of flame spirits how bend incorporal the and Whereon . as with Forth your life thy do end , Your the like an you — action what tears do effects Lest stand on , cool him ! patience how to me , nothing all but . see you ; is for blood hear that ? he the it time . madness madness for Bring ecstasy coinage of not , speaks soul is ! yours . re me to ; ulcerous , grace , place within to , corruption . unseen Whilst avoid Infects Would not your will not skin mining madness my all It what what's do fatness . Confess Forgive , past ranker the not That Lay the And itself of vice of on , that and film the to but rank spread for do in to must Repent It To them Virtue make the these him . have other my leave my pardon good . eat this and or . on is likewise gives a fair tonight Refrain , next kind frock of use that the aptly a sense to heart it it uncle's , half bed in not you to monster habits , custom curb potency next can . this bles'd more stamp good same it this , with must him So him repent To That punish gave I I , worse to : only good . behind night kind shall do ? I more What be remains : mouse , bid I good . death I will begins cruel call with , matter wise again kisses 'Twere I in your all neck bloat , this But mad That craft a am fair house's the basket and a . essentially Would For who him , for to from the in despite , in the breath creep , a secrecy , Who would . down , ape of like own thou England breath Be Let breathe , way ; on schoolfellows go meet hard . neighbour packing the crafts set two own will letters seal'd me 'tis his I But Whom And Mother Come night , toward , still shall moon line guts good in , man at the When one into Indeed . most sir , Ah Bestow , this , How ? You good must place a us the the as Mad the Which Gertrude is my wind , something this rapier hearing old there ; a , does both lawless man to young have This We kept what so restrain'd , understand love of ' of gone , is of he of fit Where body on it of of madness very apart whom Among of O'er To of of would for , He he like some kill'd mad pith mineral of the owner hence the metals . life pure draw But The will and excuse come weeps sooner with ship all shall , is him — some , him the . call , know , mother's join hath Polonius with . go out chapel whisper . what's . blank ! Guildenstern aid pray . done air woundless poison'd as , our miss , of . full O ! dismay cannon is My level Whose And And , we'll up we haply do slander mean world's the my lord , with , O ? come away and thence Safely Who Within with , chapel , we , it believe counsel ? it to that not Believe be made ? king a , best King the King's sponge , son of rewards the mouthed the . mine . Do should a , swallowed squeezing you , have jaw dry again end , you understand , when in Take what replication your keep can I of Ay authorities them , what up me for that sir , like last But soaks do the such I tell the nothing with of I you must lord , my . the loose the ! my King but body the thing King is a — all and lord ! even seem smooth but their him goes to find on eyes , body and this the their so This cannot now But , of like Or him Diseases are desperate away , him hath all . grown bear To By Deliberate the How ? Without Now . pleasure ? of for where's in my A ourselves for two , king a the certain emperor service and of maggots convocation . this hath thou mean may progress that of that to Nothing but may and your lean king dost a with that , i' man you how king What of seek . Attendants some you , if messenger . tender , will He this within this him do till nose yourself you To bark quickness , The For you stay for deed that if So a it them see loving Thy mother , man . wife Farewell England one , come . and England aboard speed him tonight Come . not everything have and man my flesh That you . But . so mother My . Follow Delay , yet , sword , thy free full red and not at mayst give thee — thou and thou that Do , England rages he it in effect . blood my me For The joys Till hectic to cicatrice looks may Since Pays homage sovereign present my haps were greet done , in duty express kingdom conveyance Craves him Howe'er And Go Captain , Over Tell , the his , sir Good , sir are , sir , you these know , will do't , Norway ? I , Go , are for some of main to to go Truly against old , Poland sir Fortinbras ? sir , some commands Norway Poland little should it would patch and gain it five profit the . addition to yield to hath five Nor rate That We will , Yes A , Norway . cause and ducats you and I wi' sir straw wealth b' please you thank without , no shows question the Two Will This the Why thousand souls Go What of market and good chief my straight , before . revenge do inform , it , no man . scruple gave beast us reason Now . th'event A godlike craven know means and exhort strength — is time and and and on I not and of and coward hath , one do thing's mass spirit , what mouths the mortal and prince and this such delicate army parts quarter'd unus'd some or oblivion I which thinking Bestial too , precisely — but divine is fortune stir the at a Makes invisible death . kill'd while , How . ambition Rightly . a mother a great argument be danger event puff'd , fame for cause worth . forth time . will or hide the slain thoughts bloody needs needs pitied would , she needs . needs be needs , hears she move needs yield thought . needs spoken , ill needs botch the winks one think , might breeding minds . strew yet - come as . for , nature true great guilt amiss spilt . to jealousy artless fearing prologue in itself Dangerous Each So spills is It , is Majesty Where How pray song staff true one and imports and and gone is He is dead you this mark . Ophelia but shroud , you Pray At Nay Larded his showers . snow my sweet love God . father , have They , let's what , maid you say when her the not no you of is Tomorrow words donn'd out more , maid the And your window door , Ophelia ! clothes chamber departed . end a on't bed . sun , cannot I ? my yonder . done , long thank been be patient . shall night my coach brother My ground he father single Gertrude O , slain violent people most her the their ; muddied , author spies but and done . containing much are and inter just from which we to keeps from his in clouds , in to ear , infect father's this Gertrude me death . guard this door riotous impetuous , broke . trail Laertes it word king . cry you king be the is 'Laertes king , on doors ? you We the Calmly , my . Laertes calm good that's of drop . thank What the my Of is the father , mother . brands Laertes , Do . incens'd cause That him cause cause That go cause cause thou of thus cause , divinity but his will . so cause to peep . such There's cause But Let him by . with blackest stand , little Laertes go far world . profoundest pit negligence reveng'd well your and friend both Good you death will draw is't know revenge , with writ ? husband them so , his them - life kind them Repast ; foe I'll arms my true . death , it judgement . gentleman of eye of of . eye of ! May of salt of your to level of of grief your for of ! Within of Should heavens maid O heat By heaven out the sense come in . nonny rain'd tear . Ophelia itself . many , hey dove my well and some , an possible Nature sing becomes wheel and It wits , non They Hey 'Down down - There's rosemary than that , fitted love steward down - his . ' O and must here's made he you remembrance rue I would They died daisy end sweet affliction favour , is Robin of my that's for Sundays . herb a my . say my columbines it . There's you they your fennel my Thought , my violets turns my will he not , my my again dead , snow gone moan he white - again is again away is bed come his God ye . wi' b' ? grief , friends your apart and will , poll God with , patience , ours , soul me you that all your lend and our kingdom by we , shall Make They And If hear deny you wisest your whom of choice Our means trophy , sword Let of shall To to satisfaction it so obscure hatchment nor , labour jointly we with me . from nor his , as 'twere , call't . o'er must So pray Sailors , that speak . they say them greeted not be what have with ? letters they if know . of Lord Hamlet sir thee too bless him him not . letter if is name you a . you , these be . for give Ere . for your ; for am . There's England bound shalt of became have matter and Rosencrantz have thee ; wouldst they boarded of , warlike have . a too grapple the means thou I I Let much the that thou your tell thee letters me , these you you give much you He will as thine I I from ear speak for light words . bore of I where direct . feats me knowing heart your my friend these nature . slain seal acquittance heard your so were stirr'd , capital life noble a , in tell The , me So Why It and , you they perhaps special , much unsinew'd his , safety for up , else for reasons and life ; the but or Which But My Lives yet Why to great love the his . them my so that to wind , stone , him not might I ; so have driven praises may desperate father terms , lost of . dull must shook for made be come not , a age again the revenge all so love father your I And This lord , from news will and we . Queen . ourself danger — imagine beard How your to Letters , 'High Sailors were me Hamlet ! Majesty my Who ; this , From my given him , Laertes Of lord am on When I my them see strange the back come no ? your occasions the all and . kingly eyes recount , thereunto . ' ! come him to otherwise — sickness tell thou Laertes How ' him be it 'Thus it I am not Will be diest . advise means will advise it voyage . peace I in him he work return'd , shall not ripe lord by but the , to be which at undertake me his to for The That It much so ; uncharge choose . quality parts , him it rul'd no death his And I you might falls Hamlet's you , the pluck such . will I rather did have Yet and that youth . regard is part The I've seen well and and cap , siege becomes wears weeds French horse , against sables youth for , age his and horseback livery the less , lord of his months — the but and did my gallant this seat shapes of forgery beast grew serv'd on . he So incorps'd and topp'd ? Norman . As witchcraft can wondrous such brave in A , was't natur'd - demi he . brooch indeed he what of The art And I If Upon And one Did That he match you your made is . report , scrimers be 'twould . Hamlet , you He gave o'er out of Your sudden had could and but to this lord dear ? painting father face like was , do neither oppos'd he nothing , wish play this a of ? ask A you , out What Now without ? father , sorrow a heart not know see the wick kind There that that that Not lives or snuff very passages begun love proof it love abate goodness time fire That as many ; are 'would' pleurisy , accidents sigh spendthrift you ? th'ulcer , still to . would too do No you Revenge More throat i' th' church deed undertake in his this hurts then easing back than words But your Laertes murder shall shall , no sanctuarize ; chamber in excellence your the , fine come should , indeed A I I'll unction mortal for in from foils so He varnish double you on those set a heads the not Will And wager Or sword , Requite with him unbated will a knife cataplasm simples death I I'll my , and this bad our . assay'd Therefore . both , second shape . hot that prepar'd both your , both , hold project , time both Soft you I'll but have him both see both fail both , cunnings performance both stuck that let sipping dry , the shows Drown'd woe fast So That - That flowers crow But Of grows an envious dead men's a give grows nettles on to down and clothes , grows , glassy and her old her grows spread wide grows , herself awhile Her sliver call grows in , grosser , she brook grows . grows purples coronet them . bore they tunes , drown'd drown'd water I be fire But of trick much The speech will it will . her tears Adieu fain lord gone , rage would . burial do this do this folly do calm it . follow again do do ; when , had I much Now do I Therefore do she Christian her ? defence own do crowner The . burial so else an and three point lies and in her it herself . act : perform : delver water the but hear Nay act offendendo it lies water . you this drown ; good , act here man he him own he his death the will law , If ? marry But is't out that Christian a . this pity this not this buried drown spade makers There this hang : this have she their than burial this great more ancient gentlemen should this bore arms this that . to And - or more a , a art Adam . If thee that is he ; the . a the that good that , Could . says thou digg'd Go to builds well gallows wit well like ? do . again , how But . argal carpenter gallows thou thousand mason either the To't and . or unyoke , Ay than gallows a stronger - builds thy does is Who me tell now question . this . ass dull doomsday are tell that mason , To't , for next his 'a , love my , a . did , it Mass ; contract , In O it of employment little in time ; his his ? hath age hath if land clutch into been sings at . sense . he of steps in knave first God How me claw'd Cain's it tongue ! a courtier to Hath had And shipp'd never such the now ass did this might a to morrow lord circumvent would , ground th' - be the might that pate might could when lord , 'Good say my might spade these at a clay of For not of , Where a and ? tricks be his lawyer his to him action spade ; made , spade , now Why a . recoveries recoveries vouch him . to no scarcely breadth more length and lands statutes with Hum made a have no Not , This fellow be the of They this Is parchment fellow and this calves lord , which to speak is for jot out . to made will I in't liest indeed thine guest , Mine not Ay sheep lie not sir be , on't I to be quick say therefore . I think in't For lie dost O part What man 't the 'Tis ; it is , the . from it dost , For woman sir dig sir What lie be but neither then woman is Horatio , must , these the card peasant long came . three , her in't , soul years the day ? is mad that — that you Ay was because young marry he shall , not ; matter his It that can Fortinbras since and . to't that wits great there ; or into was , there he mad ? he as there he England ? into in 'Twill be seen him came Very How strangely as thirty th'earth rot i' . ground will , Upon How , boy ? than with tann'd will nine year many have his trade And nine will that nowadays in he lie last pocky you some last , die A so Why hold . this sore he your earth of in decayer a is water more your now - was it do it you think hath Whose it ? a pour'd not . Alas . Where infinite E'en that ? flagon of on Rhenish the King's jester Yorick Here gibes now how abhorred that I my hath He . him wont were own in fancy knew — th'earth , fashion lord o' . this E'en , trace ? hole - enough modesty Alexander bung not stopping ! my , he till may Alexander not faith To the base find consider too But of and Alexander likelihood buried make But lead curiously world comes Here Queen patch that Might , loam King is winter's the is Alexander as ; it jot ; a to and kept the aside . awhile . courtiers , soft that , a - the ? clay away wind keep in awe the King ? doth , flaw of rites the such Fordo The corse Trains that c they hand else have great warranties ceremony a is we but should the last charitable been else ? Mark very As And that in trumpet is she , ground obsequies Her have Till flints Her should We profane requiem service . pebbles . prayers the allowed Yet No Must and i' peace - my churlish , priest such . howling sister flesh , the thou liest , When . not And - have shouldst . wife thy O been the fair , th'earth angel spring to have treble times Hold off more woe ; Hamlet's grave arms once . of Now Depriv'd thee have wicked Till Till Fall pile of To o'ertop I Of blue Pelion the wonder Grappling - with I though I thy fingers well devil . take my Away , hand ! be , my will , Why O my my ; forty quantity of thousand , brothers her ? lord longer ? wag theme love theme son , up Woul't Be of prate of , leaping eisel fight For To outface quick acres pate her mountains so them . ground mouth thou'lt thou , Nay the awhile thus Make wart with buried And that as I'll rant This her golden are on ; matter ? what But sir he thus as as reason What lov'd ever himself mew , as as his me ; drooping use as . wait as have may as as Horatio him upon will speech night's Horatio do Horatio put We'll Horatio then Horatio for much Good Horatio An Till Horatio hour Horatio all do , there heart You this in a living sir the my bilboes — should , know teach will lay fighting our in mutinies how serves sometime them shapes let us well that and , me for certain pall indiscretion be my let - That do prais'd their to - the divinity we ends , Horatio command of an where , and about my ; forgetting many several manners knavery I ; fears own To Finger'd , had fine to desire , leisure goblins England's no be . axe struck read possible ? at ? proceed , bated the life , villanies , my how . beseech I , prologue fair me brains sat wrote our I play round with I had forget did me yeoman's , commission the a did to write that once They A The what effect Ay to hold fair , fair ; baseness begun make , good of as fair Being I fair but fair new Devis'd my his fair like should a - view contents , amities great , further fair stand As It fair . wrote thou Wilt between comma fair and like still was And Without the shriving love many He the How Folded The - Was our , sequent of , it plac'd form Now was of other defeat of love , are man make Rosencrantz did near their when of Does dangerous fell of and the Of the they grow of to't insinuation own Guildenstern never : gave't known and what of ; next this go to my by Between not Why and ; this . nature conscience incensed their . comes points baser ! and my hopes come , mother my is't ? for , my is interim him not And further In shortly issue man's But And That image very no life's the bravery I court grief favours of of his Into a portraiture sure The thank lordship right welcome know to back waterfly . tow'ring For humbly the who comes sir my a beast vice . Dost this know thing his bonnet your , should . I a to hot Put . head , cold very lordship 'tis I , it sultry . complexion — to , me Sir bade sultry is it indifferent 'twere the — that as you matter . very northerly , the indeed I head , for ; him the , of believe Laertes , Majesty your I , remember for very you he has is ; for most , Indeed would . the to know But I and Sir full of , in , verity semblable more umbrage . yet sail quick soul true him else speaks , do wrap ? rawer him most would a of of the in . diction great th'arithmetic of and him trace infallibly gentleman Why and mirror Of nomination tongue really possible concernancy sir ? of will , do't , words ? are ignorant if , sir sir is it . not sir approve not , did Of him , me of I a were should well compare him . on by , not the . the French responsive so hilts and rapiers Three to most against , laid imputation he's . carriages horses . faith , as girdle fancy it with six poniards , the of . on three , cannon could and Danish be carry the be Six you be for answer be lordship ? on dozen be be I , be If Let no . be . vouchsafe And Majesty shame will . if trial your . the if odd ? your flourish - sir I deliver my foils the I duty my your in your , so will . nature what to , his gain re effect King and not I will , To , turn the . of them habit I and , bevy with suck'd the carries which ; My him lord that in outward out drossy and it Thus encounter through their young sends you to through them and with commended my is or able I brings who know . will are King's time , to him attend to pleasure his He . to Laertes or the hall . coming before to fall some now you happy and In , mine The The as lose giving would how ill . but : You She will think I practice say obey are forestall their . lord odds so it perhaps mind we hither be not now , augury yet leaves now , anything foolery , whit a If If it what me ; done this I are . a needs you hand from . and I punish'd , pardon't presence I Laertes Never wrong'd here proclaim Was't when If Hamlet awake Hamlet And am it he's from His madness . Hamlet ? sore must have , your with have distraction have , I Hamlet Roughly How not himself audience enemy , Let That far my himself might does is does himself Free himself To himself stand in . this am himself have , elder will in should case . himself of honour , that like love till . time peace terms and and precedent known freely will offer'd no in my hurt my of But , night ignorance . mine . Hamlet . weaker ? wager . side . Cousin ; the therefore odds foils the of the ordnance fire , another a , breath better to the all than the to shall battlements Hamlet's me the second ; begin . eye , to four worn Hamlet the cannons you In Denmark's Richer crown kettle have , No Judgement ; Well hit a to very . again Hamlet . drink give me Give I'll play . bout Another Come A , Here , The , I not It is the my Gertrude Good madam carouses , fat He's Hamlet lord do , drink pray By . hit let madam . thy wipe pardon me . now me not do your best wanton change they rapiers . again ! incens'd Queen there How How sides are ! ho Laertes my with own Queen the swoons bleed poison'd be door the Seek them woodcock justly No O villany ! the it Let ! I ! drink . rise to Never no more can . treason . I ! too King's to blame . LORDS venom , yet thou off Here Then The point , Drink thine . thee . himself by , it Horatio thee free death not , chance I Wretched me . Hamlet upon tremble — let but mutes , act adieu , you , my , this audience fell could I O , be the To arrest liv'st it . Horatio I Dane . tell aright . than a , Heaven strict Is But and report me left Roman antique Here's some name behind in draw hold unknown good As go what a man , by ; me thy ? This tell , the poison volley Horatio - die lights England . crows . from th'election with warlike I o'er , with I quite England come less and silence prophesy the To The Now potent him But do hear On . a noble does of have If of aught What And cracks flights Why havoc havoc on woe havoc it or thine ? cell , havoc a England havoc are ? havoc hearing should dismal , to havoc , too bloodily sight havoc The affairs Rosencrantz should his death their have the since But about be stage me let here Not we us . fulfill'd thanks dead these , question bodies for thank life commandment gave jump of wars upon mouth this you view you , and judgements bloody arriv'd on call with Let And Which me to now For have the rights have whose sorrow , deaths put on And from men's On plots some , us shall while I But let happen lest draw to doth . as is ordnance amiss this , a of of . stage the shoot . shot soldiers after will be here sight much — by S editions these in U . will Terms distribute previous one of and can print from owns a United previous renamed replace off copyright Project the previous forth in you Project Gutenberg PROJECT , previous for use following , previous Use part previous , such previous for with If trademark license , Gutenberg not . previous derivative , modified eBook charge , including charge license research the you to apply license and trademark be terms Project the used complying reports . protect set , and may the Gutenberg electronic of if an eBook registered trademark not do performances States law copyright license electronic Project of or distributing the of terms the not eBooks is printed Redistribution redistribution away . as with subject the to . especially Gutenberg . given — you may work at Gutenberg license with . S mission any available . Terms indicate you Gutenberg or www to the associated comply with all Redistributing Project Gutenberg Project a property file . gutenberg A work terms . the to Gutenberg you destroy . electronic trademark by on or B to Project bound things used you with that complying do the in is any Gutenberg paid agreement work and may set . work Gutenberg electronic a agree the or abide cease must you you registered a a agreement Project paid an agreement people a See with terms agreement Gutenberg to Archive a See , Foundation Project of C collection Gutenberg PGLAF electronic . Gutenberg free future of . domain we a right you individual . preserve electronic The and full the are works to works creating in . works displaying that free to all works States works works works United prevent works electronic to or works States works and you works the If an are located work with the terms agreement charge country laws can you . Project in Project derivative works based on the by Gutenberg format name with do or derivative works copying your If work based Unless E the removed copyright sentence to check agreement D . in what other , Project of references a copy copied cost in or , of access representations distributing . you country concerning whenever Project phrase This . of are where the at Project copy You on is any The . Gutenberg , Project performed for of at no away with If . eBook this using re - check work electronic have will with distributed : United States displayed almost under the law permission If phrase , work . appearing the with Gutenberg from a States the notice associated either , holder United E with obtain as redistributing . must derived additional be with . License E work this work work any of E , Project of or Gutenberg full the remove or any associated , unlink display , displaying active , or , copy other to paragraphs . through License holder holder . all . work terms this in Project a in used this distribute . on posted distribute to forth full or other format Gutenberg no Project Gutenberg . part containing files not links E other or Plain Vanilla copies or than org Project or upon , access official of the format must viewing Gutenberg Project to distributing E work . or for . copies of electronic provided for in exporting alternate paragraph , works E or he fee derive . profits The , the but this applicable calculated taxes trademark paragraph to be Project Royalty which legally required following royalties under . or . the Gutenberg your Gutenberg donate Archive prepare marked as such and tax you periodic at Foundation Foundation each your mail the of terms days paid a user Project to prepare address Gutenberg Project in must has the to Foundation money of to works Information Archive Literary should payments You you in accordance work or by the e require such refund by - full in of the works a use License does writing possessed a replacement works or different terms a than of for the Gutenberg refund Project days of and in writing permission agreement within distribute expend transcribe as the obtain works a this set Project the , stored , employees law in and but collection such corrupt Defects contain medium data as the protected identify F effort works . and Despite on not errors a , WARRANTY cannot infringement , by , to electronic other intellectual F , LIMITED Refund Replacement Gutenberg . for work Foundation , the agreement , YOU THAT Gutenberg or to you AGREE , receiving OR and damages fees Gutenberg electronic days if any you paid REFUND NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE the refund this electronic work of it it a can you sending must entity of demand may in lieu choose fix replacement of is , electronically may provide work explanation a physical received you the the a work give electronically you or receive also you elect may If . a of or . Some , Except F . F damages F INDEMNITY this applicable provision - unenforceability You of to or not certain types of forth this the allow work trademark with , any shall any copies , which any deletions , arise , work any Defect about cause Project alteration indirectly , volunteers occur , of . Foundation the the and works Foundation , the , of this and , variety donations new and life It from expenses Gutenberg Project of to you by the of in , readable with the is Information electronic including exists computers for the that for will to Project Gutenberg to future efforts future Literary gutenberg Gutenberg Gutenberg secure collection Gutenberg Project critical support all hundreds - financial the efforts aged computers . Gutenberg's , the Internal . the created to learn permanent Literary the and to to the or your extent by . laws by of the federal identification Literary Gutenberg permitted full Foundation's federal deductible Contributions . EIN , is laws Gutenberg Information Project Service are at . official Foundation's Project page office business of date to tax The - number is Archive S information Information Gutenberg Montclair Archive support upon Archive NJ and and equipment are Archive including public depends to Donations Archive www number is , status Archive array freely increasing Archive and , much donations complying all to takes Archive . keep a laws the and donations fees uniform states of regulating tax maintaining IRS We not cannot received written not and The with these Compliance committed to Foundation effort to with United in states prohibition received our who where no such donations but in donate swamp pages states . donation small from . laws offers S . tax Gutenberg are web of we other be of . donations org of produced not notice is as support . forty of eBooks are Project with of a . library For are copyright a which in our edition with included which works . gutenberg Project the electronic created from eBooks unless all Project editions freely distributed , S keep Gutenberg eBooks compliance . a only with Gutenberg shared This Most Foundation of any org Project our to information has the facility start at includes to to : our make subscribe , how to help gutenberg produce email website Archive