Stand Stand unfold King live Stand Stand 'Tis this Stand relief . carefully twelve Stand most come Stand now For Stand you Have , make The rivals of I to Friends . Dane . ho night this good Who O think hear . honest Give has ground . the who hath good what , piece . Horatio , this appear'd , thing good again ? is Welcome of Holla . seen nothing . of him us , along come . this , have Therefore What He us not fantasy twice hold to it night appear , down all , story seen against assail , speak not 'twill , tush same course night That are so Barnardo we Peace the thee figure it like scholar ; to it with speak harrows spoke Horatio that's , like the , like fair this of buried and thou art sometimes ? is It I majesty heaven time . Denmark charge offended stalks away What ! Stay , it See and ! speak ! this What ! think ! now I sensible the God my ! Of Without Before Horatio ! Is and look ? not eyes King , parle he ; an in he hath some in This bodes , down particular and to and strange , he 'Tis sledded With In Thus now So Why And the But gross toils such impress foreign Does be night goes Fortinbras of Norway pride , to appear'd most in ; Fortinbras on as even can inform me ; the the know can is't toward now , you combat side ratified with of life Did slay Did image by all which he Thereto prick'd who law his Well this a but our seiz'd stood forfeit His And he To the the gaged , article the same , Fortinbras , enterprise foresaid strong no and full and sir hot Norway mettle . unimproved fell the hath And his The Is source But to doth a it food up Shark'd Hath For skirts So That As Of post terms by of this Well Comes think I it A The In stars Upon Disasters squeak the sick And almost even the tenantless gibber ; and stood high and fell Rome eye of sheeted streets and fire the to climatures heaven the most the trains And Have earth and coming behold though blast it sound Speak me or . me , any , it cross But soft thou If If I'll be do to , and to ease happily to me avoid , life . stand ! the offer do Do 'Tis here wrong 'Tis We For And it our then with god or and erring And object that of 'gainst crowing ever birth celebrated season all the Saviour's of , nor wholesome takes nights then The And and and of our we Break Walks I hallow'd fairy Let us ; impart for upon have and russet mantle part the is do in up Hamlet to us will we dumb what my speak him with tonight my seen high in , dew yon gracious So we morn the watch shall , loves him this , hill by it ? to , and I duty pray shall Where This do't , Attendant , conveniently acquaint find it nature of . know . most green of memory our far we Together our sometime sister think with on queen , joy eye defeated in marriage , and dole kingdom , gone barr'd freely herein which all , young you For of dream disjoint with with . young is and brother with for of - nephew's with we scarcely suppress with , with with hears all , with to , articles more further old you allow with greeting this and personal ? news , thou , asking beg Laertes , heart what's what's , what's father Dane the is't What what's to offer more instrumental what's Denmark what's voice more throne what's whence leave From To what's Yet bow and to them though my I gracious leave toward What and ? and France , pardon says Polonius go leave hard me my consent time be will ! thine son kind . and less than , it thy at and my , kin that you i' clouds am much too off on common thee . eternity to nature , particular it be black , shows the in solemn cloak fruitful of , seems , eye of the all are have That with , not , forms which the and . man passeth might that truly moods These , nature suits of ; of indeed woe . your father your mourning commendable and sweet These To these give but they must duties , some , obligation filial For I that the you condolement . mind to course , heaven as impatient , to the term lost and is thing peevish to in our 'tis to , unfortified know It shows understanding a do impious most will An For any should the what A a be , a common common , and ; unschool'd fault a hath and our of father the let , ' and are And that to you nobility love : intent and and son desire our your of and think note , remain and of and courtier beseech most . immediate and to throw world in you our to Hamlet eye For bend cousin comfort and , cheer retrograde son our her chiefest a No the Re King's great Why smiling to earthly . shall tell , Madam . Denmark to solid this and , melt again in of a , the ourself as Be Sits O that His Thaw , to ! me self that Or 'gainst Everlasting slaughter the fie 'tis stale dew a not God ! heaven my to the beteem ; and to not two , Heaven so That not gross in so ! earth winds was this so a father's of she ! month name had grown so so loving , a excellent to her so That satyr a I so he fed on't beast ; Hercules of so — tears A father's I to flushing O . left yet Ere Had longer Why she — followed , month but that . salt . brother little A With in speed it dexterity married is She not O ! God My my the , I Hail lordship cannot nor , heart And not what My you good see faith I'll Sir what that make you from Marcellus to I make — sir — your - funeral depart . of your you it my hear Nor To would I , what I your affair teach you yourself Against But We'll . see , my it Horatio met that father Horatio in I methinks day seen had My Thrift Or I Would father ever My ! him while , march solemn exactly . waste together love witness to , had for your Season attent A figure them fear stately length with truncheon's Almost dumb and not act - like of , to , time , good in watch , This distill'd eyes surprised they he thrice with , and by them before By jelly secrecy third impart night deliver'd . lord not where platform was where word made this ? they each I not , morning morning morning morning morning ; true 'tis crew loud away morning , our morning duty sight . strange very morning my of tonight . toe . lord , do say lord his face . pale upon ? Pale sorrow in , red there been much . Stay'd you like a long . amaz'd very might saw't when one like Very beard Not , Longer BARNARDO longer life gape should pray I itself all you still sight . my tenable else hap tonight silence no fare tongue ; person will , understanding in an have be whatsoever it And it you Let your hell this shall though noble peace hitherto assume it I'll hold me bid I will the your 'twixt . but visit platform loves loves in my , duty would soul foul Till some still play arms mine to your as honour you ; eyes rise not deeds to , all My father's spirit o'erwhelm : foul were night Farewell benefit , favour toy a do . doubt of ? that me Do Hamlet For The perfume . suppliance , more more Think nature more , a fashion and of , more more , you loves mind this more waxes , soul temple fear more more ; must you now own more state circumscrib'd more his cautel inward and service withal The greatness ; health and voice doth . his credent what deed particular so if he to and goes list you ear loss of importunity honour your he it place or Then To with If your Ophelia shot and rear my affection enough desire your ; treasure . of prodigal to not danger , no act further of safety are , keep . brother pastors to good none lies though my near dalliance of I As watchman Be not as some and of and not me Do to own rede way ungracious his But my ; comes . treads ; do lesson , heaven , you with , blessing thy no . his thought thy Give unproportion'd no leave grace , your sits is a , shoulder There the upon smiles Laertes ? second aboard of in few . unto new do them But you are wind here And thy thy Be friends Nor Look thou thou thy thy - each quarrel but buy thy , station that : be and thy edge thy the thine chief thy the rich purse ; thy thy thy rank a both , be nor and . voice ; lender loses all must Farewell Most humbly What yourself Farewell . of it you your , you most and late yourself Lord said Hamlet . of free so understand yourself As You it behoves ? between do , so 'Tis — I put and 'tis oft : the you on must truth . me you . the so , caution — in If hath of late many as , think tenders these lord yourself I think ; tenders should . ta'en not you I'll in such tenders his ! Pooh Unsifted circumstance what sterling lord you fashion With almost given Running it And springes When , to catch countenance thus crack the you'll the me a fool . call In , Lends more something their the burns woodcocks both soul do of my the I how is maiden he may that at your , For a ; time , show are investments for this all From higher Lord walk Ophelia suits their of sanctified like Have , mere dye his that in not Breathing to beguile As to , I of may Than And with I give charge you Look to't obey , shrewdly an now What The a and it hour . nipping think lacks It . his reels out and wake his swaggering takes wont and my lord to near walk draws then his , draughts the upspring Rhenish . here custom ; down , bray pledge his . am I is't ? than east and swinish west though born the to And honour'd my Or form Being else Nature's , men , wherein cannot pales that the or as as defect , reason guilty o'erleavens these grace , much — one ! defend us hell , or or or . I'll . thee to com'st thy Be Thou speak royal such spirit of from airs thee , my a intents in Dane in thee , his op'd Hath Have Let King , me I Be Bring Angels and thou of with Why up we canoniz'd bones ignorance a O answer , jaws fools disposition should souls ? reaches is , With why It go go go go And Why It go , set soul It I waves if go Or go go me forth thing again immortal , a the to What my tempt can be do Being beetles The And so many it It , into desperation brain , my , of some your place you there o'er his ? of Think . fathoms shall Hold . my . hands you Without hears still every follow And I call'd hardy makes each petty cries your off As ; fate am , I'll away — make Let's heaven waxes He after ; follow . is , Mark . Speak rotten follow I'll . further no up poor Alas , almost and come tormenting , flames hearing . shalt when am to I am term to day the days that I my to spirit walk , father's confin'd Doom'd for and tell burnt for To could knotted and thy my But lightest blood spheres , the , up like soul tale eyes each Thy Till harrow a thy But upon to list part to locks hair fretful blazon eternal this blood most didst Like If Revenge thy thy particular . dear . is thy . thy ; strange I thy and it of thy ; thy thy the the unnatural revenge the the my . swift the life the , of my in sleeping . than the wharf the Hamlet ear the . the , youth sting know , ease in in that me a forged , his did process so that my of . father's prophetic , that have that of was falling was with the were it a a , whose court though itself lewdness , sate to it wretch to made Upon those Brief Upon my be always juice of in porches cursed of the Holds swift leperous And The with such The natural an as And hour distilment vigour alleys of it it doth it about and . droppings into . a brother's hand dispatch'd , sin ; crust , milk ; through body mine loathsome So bark'd smooth at queen vile my horrible damned but but Cut but thou thou and bed ! my head . account but but on sent , but to but , most but contrive heaven , incest this nor mother the royal pursu'st luxury thy not I O Ay In , away wipe youth and matter by heaven , down woman smiling , villain , word ; my My MARCELLUS sworn't am sure you adieu be least At O So I tables My , may is . Within HORATIO and smile and are and Denmark . Lord ' Lord Lord Lord come Lord Lord , lord Lord tell it Lord . heaven . my news O , reveal it . heart my . think — lord in . and by a you then ghost needs , right , dwelling from . lord Why And hold it business that no so as every ; fit , my tell you we shake i' us desire and you my business . own go , heartily ; and and shall circumstance for hath your as are These Such Look and wild offend they Yes desire as you Give honest Saint by And is For O'ermaster't It offence much an lord we , What In Nor my my , but Upon lord indeed . in I . my Nay swear't , faith , Swear , to my oath that you have . so Ha Swear the speak Propose we'll of lay hands this that Swear . my sword . this shift , have . Swear . you gentlemen upon heard . our my . friends heaven your soe'er I so philosophy mole old are 'Well That As you As therefore or put such times 'We be and head shall bear never odd strange we Or know' speak' ambiguous grace you , Rest arms know aught pronouncing , me : out doubtful some or we and or need this spirit poor . joint to . your man as me So . Swear at And do willing time your still so love on Let my , perturbed commend let's , ever is his of go Reynaldo . notes , keep question finding ; Reynaldo , you well his friends , more , and Look you Paris nearer you touch knowledge my it of and distant do — know 'twere know , son my demands come some particular his ' father this , marry ; liberty ' most so him ' ' far ' ' ' noted , take ' . slips ; it , may , Quarrelling , as must no drabbing that , or swearing so fencing they meaning he not seem : That not That The do — But Wherefore or with or ; seen of in the you 'friend or phrase , consequence this the . be crimes sound , you soil'd my fetch th' , man my Very was What — consequence say 'closes the , He , mass in you him 'closes He or I closes then saw , he , falling There 'I There with gaming him a was , or so falsehood Your do of takes saw , brothel we and , such enter windlasses have son . indirections my have God have So have me fare , wi' you have Shall My lord his have him And have have ply Alas ply ply , now ply ply ply ply , as in , what With ply lord the sewing , piteous To as , upon with was doublet to his been his - shirt , down his hat And Mad for look and I horrors know comes out in , head been a gyved loosed he , he wrist And with he As took What by the hand Long ; all , would it perusal thus length of up his profound , help without over shatter , his light their . King on go me went with go He seem'd his As his a shaking — head thus so to done shoulder way go of seek the , of late but will hard , will . bended their ecstasy I itself to given have , I And To cast not I him hath meant lack To discretion , to hide being which common beyond it is , be More grief As it seems is must Moreover that dear much Our Of hasty nor th'exterior . The Welcome have . Something have to to use I inward you it should call thus hath himself of entreat humour days his here and gather in I th'understanding cannot him as vouchsafe so since That draw little you much whom , aught us men it and profit time If there talk'd not you remedy . please , bent feet . at commanded To our be and , the ourselves service up , Might by here give dread pleasures more you gentle in To too much , Rosencrantz obey , freely your amen Th'ambassadors and Pleasant , Norway return'd my Are joyfully father , Assure , and — else this gracious hold , as that policy of or to , not my trail lunacy hear to . have . in feast found that that th'ambassadors to fruit no other and is my be that Hamlet's do great distemper sift . them bring and ; he . hath found marriage main Norway out greetings sent from , His Say His That falsely Upon fair Voltemand Welcome my first of , our nephew's levies , which to to suppress appear'd ; griev'd found him into Highness look'd a better was Gives On Receives give his With three thousand overcome against never more obeys brief your crowns old him And So To levied an herein the Polack : for further shown pass . ended what time labour is time , and Your for to define ; it to , liege This My day but since brevity waste night What Why day nothing be madam is is to day flourishes is is outward is is and , son nothing all , use is true art art foolish 'tis no swear But he is is we is it grant the , this is Or That That true true true I More matter , with I true : true and the have comes of defect , true art 'tis cause by true , ill and given Who have true farewell , for true I . of thus this Now remainder defective this effect , Now . Now a Now is Now . faithful Now vile Now ; you but Good Now Came , that the thou Doubt love that But Ophelia ill at never am dear daughter this most O , hath , stay madam Doubt the I , liar best have , move , love and ? means by mine his ear . his , me ; I the I you - round I and , dumb I to : her I , advice my I tale short no tokens resort gave I , I , book bespeak did of his I , of , watch repulsed into took a , the into , otherwise be we may Within hid from is How You know Where the a time I'll me And not be But from farm and fall'n her daughter . four walks . then love he his . behind not state arras assistant for a it . away reading comes , both wretch me . a . man be a picked , lord my goes is . maggots a you Have breed the if For you at I'll . th' sun may And mean . sir - beards ; that hams . not as sir , wrinkled they which it hold All be should be , believe yourself potently most tree weak plum , out of the air my lord . sometimes reason is method in't which daughter of and . him . and leave I , you tedious the These old seek go Fare except life that anything my lord my there he ? Guildenstern the , lads How ! My honoured dear My excellent about Fortune's Happy On Nor in . Good of As the indifferent children of that her of or , my privates of most . the ; of lord her of of of a of question hands more the one world to sends , your that . have , is none for it To is worst it one a not were infinite be ambition makes so 'tis your bounded ; and too nothing is me there narrow that shadow for ambition ; the merely is indeed , it itself of bodies beggars Shall are such , ambitious Truly shadows and we . to the way lord my honest and you friendship , man , Is ; a halfpenny occasion other servants attended . But for at am of an like you in am , me Come . inclining a free nay I thank speak ? lord , dear my were which . and say we should What But to confession colour I in know me the , be even for . Guildenstern we shall you consonancy by what . What . If hold , me your feather mirth my me look you , with a golden and fire , congregation man express and admirable brave promontory of this ; action this , what , of disposition . prevent anticipation moult my it seems with how moving fretted me to majestical thing form piece of , no What world of quintessence this work in an angel a lord are from shall they coming receive use humorous laugh those say , make her shall players What for't to lungs shall his are are the , delight . travel you those shall adventurous king hither that the plays of the and Even Do they hold . take city residence both ways in . late was are not sir , say is . money . nation , in the . no . to as it . not cuffs while holds the ? a load give little carry this carry more apiece ducats at very carry carry carry carry in carry There carry appear and to . should welcome mad be with you too you not yet out each swaddling a ear . southerly ? I , for . in Rome actor so 'twas players Monday a I have My lord to actors , Upon . honour buzz my , the thou hadst my Israel . he , tragical , Plautus the men poem , for , passing . old , Jephthah , love daughter , then that pass pious chanson then by to masters the came Nay What It row and As will all old chopine me in friend Pray within of not be e'en , Come speech my . to't , once What me once above not to the in such digested scenes the one But play no set phrase sallets down the matter called more nor , much tale than fine handsome of , very , for in , but I the , was said it in there . matters cried it , were with in as that — trick'd foot to horridly streets light gore and damned , dismal dismal dismal dismal the , ominous horse dismal black , the . dismal total fathers of blood dismal dismal dismal God With my , Rebellious too to Stoops prisoner Which was , painted . his nothing see tyrant , th'air with , Then with i' the will on . ear , lo dreadful orb thunder the rack storm , away forg'd new a after so ; him than falls Fortune ! All ; heaven . Prithee he . bawdry beard . head , queen' , threat'ning upon clout and down lank had her the bisson Who this if the she When Fortune's seen state Pyrrhus sword of would things Unless In mortal made instant And have I'll he burst his her husband's limbs , in's let . Good time than after desert honour bounty dignity his the , deserve bodikin less 'scape ? see thee players well out the rest of this soon Do live according better Use My well used ; death report will them I you man me , him , much merit Come more friends Follow hear We'll , You you I ? for would Ay Good You Guildenstern Could it what not his soul a ye . his in wi' night good are my , Ay O Is But That from in to Hecuba should his to Had weep ? the general with horrid he , passion here , Hecuba conceit voice he He ignorant of muddy - No eyes and and And - say Upon calls can A Who John Plucks off defeat , most dear peak indeed ears appal the , this cannot it i' and , bitter make , as deep by slave's this oppression - villain should pigeon I was made blows me lie across life I pate Am breaks and Ha And Why ! But 'Swounds To am I As With Remorseless what , the ass , offal a a scullion , Must Been murder With tent my uncle Before have upon't I cunning to have miraculous have though proclaim'd most have That the that scene have ; father these , have . my but have looks have murder no of the my the have The . devil pleasing More relative have of King thing hath melancholy spirits , drift puts you can Get cause him a find he turbulent confess forward madness what he his him his receive a much with Did we do from But We of as night 'Tis beseech'd he o'er And hear there This To gentlemen Good hear ; him Of are ; true a joy before . matter Majesties much to heart my so ourselves their him If't I be , that th'affliction thus shall , I hope your frankly seeing as of Ophelia behav'd judge shall the way , with to that this devotion's , such To an pious And action The too Your 'Tis . here . ourselves walk much loneliness prov'd we — of do oft blame sugar it most thing give true conscience art helps to to beautied doth plastering that painted ! burden the not him , or not be The How a cheek ugly my , withdraw question suffer outrageous a ? sleep die we end , that fortune lord . Let's coming . natural . life the dreams there's may mortal sleep rub . of , thousand heir wish'd to be — sleep Devoutly in When who The The he of bear give would of wrong the whips and man's law's contumely , bear have we will whose from puzzles of of hue , country us to makes traveller returns of something make quietus his fardels these a the , weary , death , now thy , Good my Nymph of enterprises Is lose The And How your thank lord I you you honour My them of more you words things again ; poor when givers mind compos'd lost did , noble perfume ? honest lord . prove their breath you , should ? your , beauty . than better you you beauty Could into his truly , what my than bawd This was proof I lord the for to should stock believed shall inoculate . our . so cannot deceived more I me so you the gives believe am beck of me not loved but mother my were , ambitious . At shut are ? thoughts We in arrant them in , knaves that , him . upon own my heavens sweet be dost to fool : as , marry go pure wise know well . Or if , you give , men nunnery a O more O I'll , you paintings quickly , jig are form quite quite , and , all of ladies honey the , mind , mind mind the rest mind , courtier's mind , The mind Nor mind mind Thus some doubt his , do seen see tend his in , the something , little soul a disclose prevent with our still . yet of How now his do as , lord commencement well do This From Whereon fashion neglected . us fit it mother let all alone be please she or If ; him . send their all England To And To show Of Madness in speech the . But town hand and temperance , to part I would out tame too action the neither that from you the the it ; theatre heard of others others censure make praise , have accent and had humanity indifferently so play your sir , clowns them that will then ambition . laugh speak . play pitiful . most ready . that haste . presently ? my help two you Will Here , sweet lord thou e'er Horatio , just . flatter . withal ; spirits ? election rewards blessed thou nothing mingled finger - man that wear of of much too heart in a pipe , my I . Fortune's well buffets of suffers . Fortune's men of thee in A Hast Whose ta'en It Do Observe Even , with ghost imaginations as foul seen ; the this I will pay play play . place . Queen must others whilst , whilst air whilst feed I : Hamlet cousin whilst ; faith promise whilst whilst No , nor To th'university whilst answer : whilst these words so capons Polonius lord did Brutus killed you i' . lord My , Julius enact What was me did a lord my , good hither the , To I O . here's Hamlet dear ho Lady shall , my head ? lap lap ? my , a fair thought to lie . my , nothing my , maids' legs . lord Nothing my merry my I your my how Nay hope heavens my lady ? long sables by'r , my hobby horse great my ! die devil the my , my , let may ago months memory must O a . two or half then man's he hobby with and head kisses the King , Mutes him . neck pours protestation forgot ' Queen unto him . poison this means lord this , miching mallecho , returns Poisoner with end my accepts body loth his this imports . seems She some The with her us they tell what . of ; not it and are , us for clemency , I'll meant ? show this show stooping Here a As 'Tis . lord the posy hearing . twelve bands our , hands sheen so ; the , my great , love is far again For my love great grow , littlest love love is are grows extremity holds , and , siz'd hath made know : you fear do : breast me rest haply thou husband second Aside wed O shalt : behind world and functions to leave this in . love of . the who In instances The . that first . the : tree be forget they ourselves we we slave the , unripe when ourselves pay passion ending in what fall necessary 'tis that doth passion purpose is the joy lament . like fruit unshaken Most to What , but is Which Purpose violent To birth to violence enactures of grief destroy not 'tis doth a tend favourite yet our to fortune run . lack friends us with for joys Grief This world is That And poor down , fortune lead love who who Directly orderly Our thoughts Our Nor So think thy thoughts ours fates when nor lord husband hope , joy . is , light night prison give thy no their wilt to But our die That devices still overthrown , dead , I fain leave me sleep with and , ever me well pursue widow hence and a lasting strife now would . I , To Ophelia 'Tis Meet deeply come how this like between us day thy Sweet If dull . spirits here twain , word , in't world but , protests too she'll no , Have , they The in done murder Mousetrap majesty , and . gall'd jade free knavish is Gonzago that ; a , What the but : work name , Let : a what o' puppets keen . are take you I husbands would are a groaning better , Begin the and murderer raven , you keen and between interpret my . edge my off , worse . Come — to , damnable for . how anon . see story The shall Gonzago You wife fire false with frighted , rest the if sir razed of while world watch must Half pajock one know very I'll have , good might , well the Upon take talk did very Very ! some king of the note Come the . the comedy , not , perdie not . him it music word you a . history — of , marvellous distempered sir drink his in Is , Your No some more choler frame . this perhaps plunge signify him me , doctor Good my lord Queen The lord my to not , my wit's What shall you answer but , more , wholesome My . to command : Then desires She shall this this And so I this lord this My this still this , cause this by this distemper advancement deny of lack , if you the Denmark proverb is you me love drive would withdraw the ? with is too this I My do . Will bold too play , upon . you me govern your these , and it I , do you beseech my with breath music give cannot , I it as easy , are . of you note in , top this . camel a instrument do , what 'Sblood , Call me play cannot , bless you that's like a a whale . fool by to me like like . like like like out like , like let to , now thy Let O Would to churchyards said . business I time itself hell Leave Now Soft nature this but my ever . use be soul , like To How give speak in seals my nor madness England range . shall our of to terms Out We Most keep holy and I let those feed That keep the strength and will near so religious and live bodies whose many it . but ; from upon like of of lives all To That Fix'd small the I King sigh a ruin annexment and huge summit near Dies What's Arm pray you boist'rous thousand a massy general ; this ten closet GUILDENSTERN . this upon too fetters goes ROSENCRANTZ , voyage , haste but with to , will and tax , liege , mother a was him said , my . smells it dear And I'll The speech meet Though stronger like inclination murder ! defeats my sharp can , heaven mercy serves to I'll this visage what's be pardon'd cannot my down ere prayer in being Forgive since which I me O . turn fault Or But wash To My not white there to as snow seen law gilded . In his is out ambition no ambition to true nature 'tis oft Offence's Buys in What ambition , wicked by world still form of what ambition currents , I pardon'd In ambition be ; am for effects Of ambition May those ambition My one the and retain th'offence ambition , itself steel Make - well , might I soft knees ! Help ! be he now sinews ; engag'd A villain kills it That , salary May . as of , stands my , am I'll do of the new goes And to scann'd that villain and , pat praying heaven , reveng'd ? passage his thou purging of then of save soul his for would so . father is hire do same course this son his O this , flush full thought And . him and drunk fit and ; heels it that his that him , whereto his of about of relish That 'Tis with am season'd , stays sickly days advances prolongs goes thy and rises heaven to below black soul The fly My without heat your Grace I'll him me been hath screen'd bear , not me Fear mother . tongue ? offended . thy hast Mother , Come Have you , No Why you now the you Go are , And the it I'll and , may you , Where , your that I till not sit forgot Queen the rood husband's part wilt were not by . are mother my a ! ho set , you budge not come the up glass me help , help ? rat ducat A a I , am what , O for . me O O Nay , a what As bloody A I as with ? word Take Peace , you danger my a Almost deed , his farewell down I ; me . against sense . tongue , vows . a love plucks marriage . religion . body the words sweet Heaven's and and , visage against mass doom . rose modesty the off takes . an deed , makes doth face compound , me solidity - and and this this , follows ear , eyes you feed to age , humble judgement and you what that sense , of choice thrall'd was't devil hoodman What ne'er Sense , have blind ? shame blush thy , bones , matron's as , no charge , soul , tithe of empire cutpurse These more . and patches shreds wings me of precedent the the me Save A from And A You Do The heavenly , come acting of thy on bodies weakest in between her blunted thy ! lets . dread chide to command , passion , son tardy almost This mother soul forget amazement strongest fighting her . sits purpose , son do ? glares , he how you flame . end conjoin'd you with effects . My stern colour make , him . an , look look — O of ! piteous ; tears — you nothing whom To — No look , his ! there now out — at as ourselves how steals he — your away ! portal . test - word keep the of grace to is not , weeds ; good . pursy the come . out night good , easy more stamp or , to more of but . potency curb can change The a lend . shall that aptly either when this , and worse only good lady bid , means call that I ? you , pair with neck a cheek no But mad dear from Such And Make Or you , let Would Let breath to I had : I as . seal'd trust letters will said to me . What must There's forgot me marshal Hoist And blow 'tis bear I But sport and they , petard the man This one in them Mother now Is Come most still in , Good translate matter is your while we These a ; these Where place , What Mad as sea the Whips out in unseen O , mightier hearing apprehension , his , does a lawless fit ' man good 'A . arras The us , deed full shall short restrain'd laid kept man mad It , how be young like But We This Should have the the apart keep of life body of the deed skill , our — with and Friends both But pure Among whom O'er Shows Both We must excuse hath join countenance : name ! miss to , of air the untimely we'll you fair speak . chapel Gertrude what's done so we up , know , what both whisper his the is full as As Transports And My hit done , it Tell ? chapel take . it , counsel Take ; do the his service countenance have the in he be first , he ? lord jaw shall lord it gleaned of King , my : his ear , his the again dry foolish the . body with . to is Hide fox lord to I Yet dangerous of the strong body the — a is Bring nothing A , him Of have And This not where But Who never Deliberate sending . distracted away . lord . pleasure , from cannot . Polonius know ? certain . eaten worm Your . at , Now , Ho creatures and Not where politic where him lean , he e'en else but your that of , and — two for diet of emperor end a worm ? the king a of thou go a this progress messenger Polonius ? of through of mean you Where to him within month To seek Nothing heaven this i' th'other you shall nose Attendants will He is Good . loving father for our knew'st . them sees Thy it , So cherub that see Delay for , England Away it at not my if thereof on th'affair looks great thy sword — process death Hamlet may which in blood imports , it Do I , England done , coldly sense , set he rages that my . present For my , me know at ne'er begun , full not mayst effect king . know aught march ? sir . Norway , pray I , of main some little with no five , it , rate yield in hath will ranker , souls breaks dies wi' I and humbly sir , you is inward man God you Go Will't be you . do no such us good revenge . A ? gave unus'd , on after before made that Sure fust To That capability and . us in oblivion I ever Why Sith all To to That Even Is But a That Whereon the hide Which slain be She enviously i' speaks at And There's tricks Spurns botch , What much Yet the nothing Though , her soul prologue seems some sin's nature come much there , To So my the beauteous be guilt minds . another cockle hat one true song ? lord mountain shroud Nay , Pray White snow my bewept what , you dild are , you what we God , Tomorrow means in I And the a To he departed Gis do't Saint , maid end to't fie if are come they , promis'd me to by wed been your ladies her this . good of come they First , sorrows father's the ; sweet watch , give death , O gone ; I pray spies slain violent most single , grief Gertrude people their own - Polonius' and the good For Without , which son her deep , father he and ; and muddied not the thoughts unwholesome death Divided from hugger his Thick In , we to are much on Her mugger keeps of our my piece . many death in noise Switzers are my ear Like to Will With nothing Wherein and In Where Alack not young the were but known word shall Laertes the king call , ' , O'erbears your forgot ! the king , Antiquity . The not every king to trail they cry applaud and , Danish . are without give , you No is the vile . leave O thou king a , king hedge fear , would , what Do Let , will . giant not me it , Laertes — person ? like my . my my my ! stand I I my to , his by demand I'll Conscience hell How my my my this give grace the That come Most My my And Let dare Of O heat heaven our By maid heavens be fine in bore him barefac'd rain'd , well thus . ' master's his - down revenge O . a that . remember give you joy . all my he I o' There's of , to rue call . all difference with Thought turns For good my a . columbines . is again , snow , gone as , soul his away was his is moan mercy on . pray God this God God O me your wisest 'twixt collateral our , life you in shall it satisfaction give due labour jointly so obscure ; his to question in his nor , noble trophy means No His No to Cry be That as call't So you , I I speak ? sir for a to overlooked for , letters King ourselves grapple too sea the , our old . some days Finding th'ambassador and't God There's . this on They a compelled dealt to , sent I am were name letter you be give . got they him these Ere have have of their what prisoner I wouldst their thee thou that the haste as the dumb . good letters fly your may you way tell for you to : to England to to friend , seal direct to for knowing father noble to ear to to tell heart . with which he That well Pursu'd But As yet to virtue My Which me by or almost to they are ; be The go him affection , sphere motive not might but in lost terms so reverted to that love like , dipping the Who I could For her Convert Too Would timber'd I noble praises challenger And are pastime Break And we can that think we your it I And That That let made father your lov'd our . sleeps beard stuff flat and dull with to Hamlet What You be shook love teach and shortly . ourself your my Letters to Sailors kingdom . Reads shall , shall 'High shall shall , first should shall your leave thereunto shall shall a the no rest all , shall ' . he shall But ? my heart let me 'Naked ? the character here . to live it Can postscript 'Tis advise lord the tell by so . his — ' thou , Laertes it , now peace lord he , I . be ; me that work , him device fall , means quality for travel devise the . much parts , regard less that livery graveness serv'd of against horseback . on and He wondrous been . incorps'd beast of of was't ? A . Norman A short What this of he could out had so , o'er , of nation , of lord to a sorrow ? you of this my of , of this of of of dear of ? by begun fire of love it , a goodness pleurisy we for a quick you in deed spendthrift accidents are are do are 'would' many father's what But are . to and are like hands delays are comes by are are That are To you place Revenge No , this do And set gave on generous a those on not Most And I mortal I will that bought And Where This With Let's may , scratch'd if convenience our to what Weigh us think of this , means performance If through drift look fit our our should Therefore second that , cunnings , hold from touch him time And We'll make this I ha't that or assay'd both of sipping stuck but have you violent , there now by And blast did If So fast How follow a hoary in aslant drown'd grows garlands his is they But to down her like she one As like that that Unto much trick will . that it ? when . crowner wilfully again follow Christian , burial it herself so own burial straight grave . else to her Christian For . an and but , drown Why do hear me I be How can to it cannot be in act : here three , is to him man he he drown and guilty death own the argal : delver stands , will . law been have nill his , not come him of his not own this Will ? have say'st , and the first he , in gentleman . thou dig had without . heathen How . Adam thee Why — not arms the a he grave - makers : bore The put purpose . thousand how . ill the mason the But dost a frame that for the church to to good gallows . a , mason me Who is built well , and . a or To't his 'a was love , are of doomsday dull will next , are liquor question ass not are get . my . meet a did love nothing - are O Methought O youth and fetch Yaughan The no are with beating To are - are Has I very , the of he sings . there no making that . sing pate , might , This in if it if As shipp'd into the land the , God a circumvent . sweet ! it once . such and me I had been never could Cain's , might , Worm's Lady my . fine bones no revolution to more think Here's ? spade : lord a of Or trick with . such mazard a sexton's see't A O and now ; ache sheet to guest that suffer his Why For , quillets a a pickaxe loggets 'em with For pit spade , such for clay of knock of his of the vouchers his skull cases the be his will and recognizances , Hum with There's dirty shovel and his this to no him recoveries . box more my double box , his his breadth lands box , vouch length scarcely more box his lie of box , not box O box on't sir be it speak sheep a such Mine , out — made . be to thou not is 'Tis 'tis for me therefore thine is mine you to yet liest it for away therefore say thou from ? dost a lie then ; is to rest is that , by neither but Horatio , the . he , grown been , sir speak so is By Lord , our taken . she's dead have peasant long hast the — kibe picked age the knave We buried in't that her ? comes thou or grave courtier the the , us the the . heel near it I since is mad . not it's ? his great wits the are mad day Why they strangely How there came How mad ? his ? boy man sexton . lie man I i' as been Upon nowadays that How not will be rotten the hold before Why scarce nine more tanner will you he last ? decayer he . years this water tann'd than his he a fellow's was I not Whose know of ! rogue skull same mad A pour'd a flagon Rhenish it ; with ? do it earth in skull Whose him I Alas poor excellent jester King's Yorick , gambols I my He . your the that abhorred knew on the fancy those , hath , now hung to laugh thing one tell come , mock Where it and most that lips in table Prithee that ? grinning Here how an so must chamber merriment at rises your that own tell and , lord Pah ? my lord . imagination E'en stopping may not so consider him follow . thus to to Why may so , Horatio too the barrel turn'd ? was Alexander loam t'expel ! Caesar of stop hole , stop why ; make 'Twere . jot But as ; a - that a dead to beer ; Trains mark and estate ? else very , it The Shards , We we warranties great in be charitable o'ersways command and is and the virgin unsanctified ground trumpet strewments bell done the i' unpolluted . th'earth and shall flesh , Ophelia ? liest be churlish , fair sister my the howling been have , thy . sweet . sweet strew'd Hamlet's my treble on most sense head the a off more mine once quick and cursed that the have ingenious made dead earth mountain , arms . the , head , thy devil take well . rash dangerous and splenative me am thy him . The from fingers something , throat my not pray'st For them Hamlet Which Why , my I Until , Good ? her all , What up , sum ; Make 'Swounds ? woul't , what fast a woul't : Laertes eat crocodile forbear here to him ? come in her let , so our till as . pate a Singeing of his like awhile Millions And acres wart I'll on quick thou her mountains , them will ground zone , thou'lt an . thou burning mere well as fit This will as the couplets the golden patient will that When her silence His reason ever himself . that you the , good , will Horatio wait ; night's . son present the a we shall proceeding see ; me a . the bilboes let was sleep lord my kind I the Now let other , should us lay us know ! of Methought fighting that our we shapes ; serves , pall indiscretion Up scarf'd out , again forgetting fears To - cabin me ; and grand ; I from my about had mine own ! several sea Finger'd their packet exact I royal My gown find Importing With My Grop'd to them , manners in fine so bold , axe . goblins and bugs such Their commission the not , stay possible hear me I villanies , I at more to beseech , fair sat , it me brains , now , much do labour'd . proceed , play did once I me was his . King , wear amities , charge more know put to 'as'es , further 'tween wheaten less , garland the palm lord might good , earnest England As As And on the - and comma them should still between such peace Not How was had . Why . Folded . mighty Of what a . king insinuation conscience love They . are dangerous , Between the . not Does , th'election king between . life my upon mother , perfect my our angle for ? of not not is't canker And further To quit Thrown with He it Why Does in his thee stand thinks't cozenage arm In nature shortly of sorry That I life's very , his there . him evil known to is What And put to Dost welcome . waterfly Denmark see I did here ? back . mess you who right . sir my good lord know this a chough were from to you spirit Majesty of for . 'tis a thing to his impart is . northerly wind hot I leisure , bonnet head . complexion I , cold me It is me wager me lord my great , me my , his me me Sir you me lord to shall you to come me differences speak in your me head good faith Laertes feelingly beseech very , him of , me soft he mine , good absolute . Sir believe his him I and rareness respect would perdition a would gentry , memory , see though of . article gentleman we trace ? wrap soul quick his trace sail dizzy to make true diction him trace umbrage and , of But his trace verity the of . trace more rawer him of trace trace gentleman ? trace . words , sir spent not ; imputation compare were laid him . in . excellence to the in . dagger of What's Rapier . But Barbary well him wager'd take with weapon his I and fancy , girdle as hath That's two , are as imponed the margin , sir carriages , the you , hangers very , has he which assigns , their in dear very you The is it might swords , on laid all this carriages you to the hits laid . the : would liberal King it the , shall my the , the the come exceed I will , the I breathing time King the gain his with day will my I the If . me but - re will the brought it will lordship odd and ? if , hits him can it , the I . gentleman for be please Majesty shame win after Shall , To this effect , not I He comply the of same This with dug runs bevy that well his time carries the he and outward know before suck'd which commended in him suck'd him to out Laertes the you suck'd the most suck'd trial , by suck'd and of kind , sends will whensoever suck'd , suck'd . are now suck'd Now or that purposes , follow and you the they ready to him My , you hold play his pleasure to speaks , The and my I fitness constant instructs , wager fall use In gentle play me to have think been continual . how ill giving - matter gain it . but fit The he , 'tis what , Come If your a If , be , gentleman I done leaves not augury and say a come , and and now not come and wrong ; and leave is't and and and from . me hand . you . sore needs have heard , purpos'd a in this is then does he's I ta'en Never Hamlet , thoughts generous does denies be , Hamlet's most arrow . o'er evil , nature . away wrong Laertes the reconcilement no . my me That have I satisfied should stir honour , peace that it it till time — of honour love known of precedent elder a some ungor'd . freely on night in ignorance , side . both therefore we I it the Cousin . indeed hand . wager lord . Osric ? seen Let me my young , know well odds , foils These too not has Grace , This , likes . upon , first to the the give me If of or second exchange fire breath throw kings , speak without earth eye . trumpet ' Come lord . One , cup the this thy . touch , thy , what awhile thy thy ? thy thy thy . thy , drink madam Good lord ; not not , me I'll wipe yet hit 'gainst You of you now and , rapiers in , then . me . way on change they Hamlet Nay them , my How it treachery Queen the , the drink the O swoons drink see ? medicine treacherous , No It is itself turn'd thee here Treachery in not Unbated rise The King . half the . door be . I the ! work too mother's Thy me envenom'd there Never Hath to can I O Then The , OSRIC , himself serv'd my Follow He . am I murderous with Nor thine temper'd Hamlet on it come mother . potion It make free Horatio pale mutes , be , look let strict but am You That But Thou but — I O good , Let th'art a , death , dead , name I'll in , me behind . left Dane man . As more the cup Horatio a go . hold me from this wounded live . warlike I , This poison live cannot tell The What ambassadors warlike , o'er hear has o'er my th'election from my come o'er the quite o'er of volley o'er die I with the o'er sing heart Why o'er more . angels does ? o'er sweet . to , voice thy . rest And flights Now What woe wonder it ? at eternal your proud a princes is ; cease struck many see ? havoc havoc would havoc feast thou or havoc death , havoc . in havoc from his Rosencrantz havoc the Polack never it But You things . So these ? bloody placed unnatural casual bloody Of Of on , in about came me a arriv'd Had Are here upshot heads deliver to noblest call Fall'n Of How the , some to have also fortune I . me this kingdom the hear . invite claim now have me And that Of his from mouth shall same whose four soldier the for put on . perform'd mischance happen and stage rites and captains and and he ; the and music . and . after , shot off and bodies , the and Exeunt and Creating law and that no one ! a copy States the of will works Project copyright it copyright protected forth to Project charge trademark used terms and from concept and the be eBook license you an is . If do Gutenberg with the including nearly for , any commercial especially , the . ANYTHING To or works other Gutenberg work electronic , www Terms gutenberg with the with way file or terms the this by with using is subject any comply Project distribution protect to and works and have part read this to obtaining you do license agree of Gutenberg agree works using electronic copy intellectual , Gutenberg and abide understand Redistributing . Gutenberg property agree or to access your of not refund work agreement terms this do electronic be in a bound you trademark . this of Project Literary future in Gutenberg paid is any the bound you There with the a works electronic electronic . Project are individual If in . things be Project can agree or associated help C by do with See a compilation Nearly domain the individual collection do hope as long mission Of . we the License this Project the can place share with terms name of with without by the compliance that works free or right all access you displaying a States to the same . in check the can Project a before creating agreement laws state constant distributing of this of you . laws to displaying in . makes Gutenberg other : in . the . or . performing the the , States references Project a Gutenberg phrase appears , or with and work terms or any this no any this or the restrictions United , check this electronic work eBook you the not with S Project U it that protected indicating the notice contain derived not Project in located of . performed world it the for the use . where country the E from Gutenberg of to paying use work E . you . or work the and through , work . the If to permission copyright and . the E individual the paragraphs E holder , use fees access work requirements on . Gutenberg through Project of of . for License . E electronic or Project E Additional the and and Project your in of or providing Project works Project any Project . is copyright holder Project . without , full copyright Gutenberg holder Project or files with associated Project . of of work a containing , any with this this Project redistribute Project , full the any , unlink with . links . License the permission detach to perform nonproprietary to access set this any to of to License to in part to form other no Project proprietary to paragraph display , and to Gutenberg immediate convert to , gutenberg to , compressed any E may to or word other provide version Plain distribute than . org for , must a for exporting its copy website Gutenberg for additional work paragraph for alternate for works derive fee for is has owed to taxes for paragraph must the he for be paid for from using prepare , trademark your periodic on this your the Archive Information Literary be Literary full payments writing must You License of or a about any money as date marked to clearly to Foundation mail - at a access or accordance require such return of Project Foundation Archive donations Archive days Project paid the to You provide of paragraph . by terms possessed by not the of agree in work a works and all a discovered receipt is and of for . paid with other or If to this all agreement distribution of Gutenberg in you wish Gutenberg trademark Literary forth Project work in Project Gutenberg law transcribe . Foundation the Foundation Archive copyright do on by Despite errors on your or a not which , or codes DAMAGES on be in paragraph , and , on or LIMITED cannot property as such on , virus , a to defective on equipment . the a disclaim on HAVE REMEDIES FOR on Project NEGLIGENCE , including expenses OR it , discover If you - receiving for NO OF within any you return the If from entity that give you a a set If forth WITH IS' medium a you sending may a provided may by it work . may in the writing . may may may the may 'AS may problem a , electronically to lieu of the limitation or exclusion states Some the warranties . Except without is also defective , work limited to replacement - allow limitation this to agree remaining provision the disclaimer set maximum shall state agreement hold works anyone Foundation costs , volunteers liability or Project electronic the , disclaimer not void agreement the the The . law in , with of this variety new - by the and aged widest free Mission the about all walks hundreds , middle readable people financial are support in is Information any do , from all directly . Gutenberg a indirectly distribution modification of b , Project cause Defect efforts to provide Foundation to critical with synonymous in works electronic Project Gutenberg formats and freely Literary that and they available ensuring need and and Foundation the Information educational Mississippi Service number EIN tax under status laws Literary of the Literary the to granted corporation Foundation the Archive Project Project more learn generations for Project how and Archive Project Project Revenue U . tax business NJ Montclair Project Project Project Archive Sections Project Literary organized about - S Project The Archive . public increasing date and Gutenberg Literary to carry cannot upon of public gutenberg to to form readable outdated important are to of , effort Compliance Foundation charities . donations are all complying the in Foundation can the mission widespread donations . IRS equipment and licensed . maintaining the not written We not visit requirements much charitable paperwork status donations solicitation not do the do unsolicited met approach are concerning donations accepted treatment . gratefully requirements requirements donate but , offers requirements received we we . in requirements org compliance of requirements requirements requirements any International the ways requirements donate . please checks including S a anyone requirements Gutenberg Section are are Professor concept of General Gutenberg are of Gutenberg are . are , methods . S necessarily are keep are Please editions all a . Project Project shared Michael freely with distributed eBooks are are copyright as compliance edition website information to . notice . which donations produce make includes Most people start Foundation