? and Stand Stand Stand there Stand Stand upon He Stand twelve relief I am Stand you Have Not Stand this a night . quiet heart , thanks had , good stirring ? at . mouse Marcellus and Well meet watch , to And Give Dane . you reliev'd ? night you Give good - Welcome thing but our fantasy , of of seen hold . night minutes entreated , have dreaded this Touching us Therefore let says seen belief of him take awhile so once fortified story , again two have our your , we speak of . the again comes dead wonder Horatio . it that the majesty usurp'st thou that of heaven warlike with night speak ! believe ! parle ; combated he armour to own , Without Of God my the like thyself the : the . on at jump he that watch land brazen the observant he , most of cannon of whose war to down this such mart of divide be impress Why Does Sunday Did Sunday Which gaged by the carriage mettle the Of to unimproved and diet list a , Now , unto by our is some state no which , other lands take , head the the in but rummage and trouble palmy the mightiest tenantless gibber fire in the dews , star , blood . streets sheeted of moist like the almost to the preceding sick , That If If Or if hast the art thou happily speak may , me fate to foreknowing me any it blast me . be grace country's to , death to avoid in life in of to , oft walk to to to to ! here here violence , 'Tis show wrong air of . throat morn the his air . like cock the have at to I the fearful that , Upon , heard , crew trumpet probation , charm strike . him it with our fitting morning conveniently . Attendant it brow fought on now remembrance our with discretion , grief in sorrow , dropping defeated and funeral Together our . herein freely , all dear disjoint dream this with Or state be by our know have and delight have young of For with weighing wisdoms . which our out of worth our his advantage brother's fail'd the brother , to father hath He his Importing for we this business uncle of is this his and ; suppress hears , scope made here , all are we Voltemand dispatch you than power Norway . what's duty what's what's nothing : what's heartily What reason . news farewell the wouldst What what's of not more thou have , what's Laertes ? what's toward came your willingly what's return coronation to France to to done France , to , to leave to to . will — to my and to it at be leave seal'd time son seal'd seal'd , kind seal'd seal'd , seal'd Hamlet clouds am the seal'd Aside . seal'd But now thy it my is that little than How Good And , Hamlet thine Seek Thou Ay madam , it so Nay , inky of solemn black good river of breath the , seems . of seem ; grief show might play indeed man , shows of woe lost some a obligation 'Tis incorrect most . sorrow , persevere ; father father Hamlet , impatient to course your grief , as , opposition common that cried , still whose , and pray think the most for woe ; the should the simple know the be . till We , immediate unprevailing going retrograde dearest father bears intent Wittenberg nobility to our For our desire eye our , in no which is we the mother , courtier and school to , obey my and heart that ; accord Madam . in Denmark the heaven shall and a , of drinks today bruit Come too resolve Thaw , itself into thunder clouds shall , O God not slaughter . of and gross O 'tis ! flat should unweeded to come was that the beteem so uses not a satyr an so nay ! to Seem Hyperion he — Oh ; weary 'gainst self , rank things world ! to winds Heaven she of Why ; roughly not face to merely two not what By , Niobe month , tears all which ere , increase too might Visit fed if her longer to yet I to wicked , to O married is , heart nor such With She It . have God O Would With ! mourn'd Than My break I am glad your lordship hold good . my ! Horatio you make . Wittenberg change from you Sir My good And very But am shall not of ear good your my you are violence lord even Wittenberg sir , from Good , so say own report . funeral . mother's , your not think I teach To make . drink your , enemy in ere see to do , my do you ? But you , coldly met my , heaven . see ? wedding - follow'd it , my Horatio . king goodly all in he he he he he . he . your King lord lord he , I ? Who he King your till witness to you these the an This Upon attent let love had middle marvel the God's Two Been oppress'd stately before to they them with jelly Almost In dumb hands But where the upon to lifted It But Did you head like shrunk morning it as , our yet ? watch ? address haste loud away , once it . very I And , From Both say , and you , indeed , Indeed , Arm'd . you lord from not up in frowningly . upon you anger . eyes eyes long it eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes have Stay'd amaz'd there eyes you . like moderate , like and grizzled have will 'twill walk again will noble assume . tonight still sight pray I your it you I'll bid If it will I'll I requite Give be understanding So but hap no tongue , is ; well ; ye . fare , twelve and you . rise come well : All ! would , soul them embark'd as assistant me you from Farewell . winds ? doubt Hamlet it And convoy not give . is let the , you sleep benefit trifling of do But the suppliance more it ; thews nature inward The Hold perfume The Grows In no soil his to but . more no more crescent service The His For greatness virtue And And Carve weigh'd will . now but as you you will unvalu'd of as subject his must mind and his of For He may is It Than main that his he Whereof And Out she Virtue keep it Or The If with weigh his voice of your you your chaste songs sustain open desire moon strokes to before though none their not infants be disclos'd fear of calumnious dear my , your rear of . of beauty the . liquid . near . keep . comes ; leave grace a is But here a smiles upon Aboard ? here A The you Take every Give Look these . unproportion'd Give precepts by thy and friends Bear't new unto thy no their of . thy thee voice Beware in beware but few , station : husbandry friend be . in , do I take humbly Thou This And to , then my : you time And you Farewell Farewell key . of . the lock'd , it . my tend servants your . Lord Hamlet . you . tenders , daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter daughter girl green daughter . them . daughter to speech . making presence rate Hamlet From the soul are he , is and their of , time Hamlet this Lord moment from leisure terms slander you ; the any shall . all with . you to't words . to The But of Not . air . As I . Have so . talk come is . shrewdly an struck . draws near season twelve ? of now the rouse reels Rhenish upspring ; down ? pledge bray native : at phrase other swinish takes a is the of and and drunkards us clepe That in As Or Oft The us Makes From some vicious it oft , mole chances marrow our indeed perform'd are origin , these much forts star they undergo corruption as , defect grace , one pure Fortune's man stamp as of , evil doubt ! blasts us , or of ministers Be Thou will , King speak thy and thou To Revisit'st cast I Have , dead again glimpses to hideous corse , his op'd Hath thy That not That Let Wherein the we our should , sepulchre jaws mean may our disposition we it did impartment alone go it beckons It Look you do to speak , not not for set what life should soul my do Why my what immortal I'll fee do it a that , it to the be flood of the , itself can at my ; lord ? me again , to beetles o'er might if there And That Or dreadful the your ? into to it . sea desperation reason . the , of motive It on hears And looks Go , cries away I call'd . As cries cries Still My And cries cries heaven say cries cries cries I follow ; To in it him . further . no . Speak Mark When I hour to . serious thy lend but I , to unfold ! poor and up , render sulph'rous Must not me ghost to done my walk to in But my I house word , blood each And Would for for And Till Are To thou flesh Like Thy Make two knotted O God most ! in ! and it is I , unnatural swift . wharf Hamlet , weed , orchard of Denmark hear , youth Lethe the , my on ease thee but Ay , uncle ! father's noble death thy crown prophetic Mine wit , my of abus'd ; that The O and that to With witchcraft That Hamlet will wicked Though Upon mine it me O , From hand in it a a garbage hour uncle my of my My Upon always . I prey sate Will lust a in even hand whose virtue court on those lewdness wretch her though of on So But on To methinks thy in to in a on scent be of Sleeping radiant celestial bed air stole vial in afternoon on . on did courses it bark'd milk body , on hebenon , it into ; posset of on the , hand : at . crust sin a body instant - crown Cut , the , made Unhous'led The thin a was life No all reckoning off sleeping in ! hast horrible but sent horrible bear ! be it most my dispatch'd , Denmark of , head to of disappointed even with by , All my smooth , my not heaven , be at , once . contrive , lodge near . my old ? Remember memory holds thee , memory instant What earth fie grow . shall , volume brain live ; pressures all copied all , all Yes and , pernicious smiling . and And , of I damned my of is set villain most with , may it villain , fond past , observation forms ! heaven ! my sworn't remember Hamlet are smile , it , is , there adieu a down and . HORATIO lord Within . Lord , boy Hillo Lord Within So Lord bird come lord , Lord my How What Lord , Lord Lord Lord Good . it all , right it , fit For it as I You Such every business shall and own . you ; my circumstance shake hands point , poor my desire part words , heartily they sorry are These There's I'm as What make My is't lord And . friends ghost too much In Nor Cries , sworn , ha Come Ha on boy under have Never to old day said worthy , O more dreamt of in your , earth give ! mole by Swear as How A as night There , are As strange are And therefore Here To such or this head , disposition shall , it philosophy in odd or before I With Or , That you arms at know' we by encumber'd you and Or mercy . Beneath , aught your giving ; me at my what was ever time is I , Nay your fingers on joint . Let it cursed . out That God With And still , willing rest spirit man as me Hamlet you . Reynaldo , to make good these and Give visit him it , what Danskers did I means expense , his him nearer friends . it mark father distant demands and and , By and That and they Than you Take And and and and do my know and your , him part and As mean in mean mean mean 'And mean mean or As companions such dishonour you mean him youth To are sir mean wanton noted , and most . known liberty ? lord fencing may You swearing , of his liberty mind quaintly — lord Wherefore But , I , The they That not my meaning may assault the taints fiery , that my on i' , a these , Your seen in working , 'gentleman' leave I — did ' ! gentleman , you as does say and marry ; o'ertook and , the ' the in I with you : he falling him of windlasses a him consequence' 'I and such yesterday the takes we do thus With Or in at so this and assays directions find house of , have and of . not , say reach of tennis' out you My . son Your bait Good my in inclination . you you advice . bias ? well my my affrighted ? my my my . my matter my sewing , and been knees down , head his my loosed so his Mad not for he love hell . it but thy he , look shirt his horrors me took lord No As of had speak To truly do ; arm done his with his As He last he goes his would with he to the brow so of stay'd his he mine and his bulk go , light he eyes . help love under King me on of fordoes passion am — I hard sorry heaven , the seek , words late of ecstasy I bended doors to out And to o' he went go me , Come And That As our did I hath . But he jealousy but did beshrew proper as I to as me better lack meant is discretion beyond Come . quoted As common go younger in kept to sort trifle move Guildenstern to Something I to love . heard it man be himself thus th'understanding death . use , humour and youth his your vouchsafe neighbour'd so dream I And To draw so being That Whether much him little That , gentlemen Good And whom you That us , aught open'd , glean , thus him our unknown to am he To For Your expend us the show your power pleasures Both your up the remembrance profit , Might Put here And , I changed bring make . at service Thanks Thanks much Guildenstern these Ay . and to some beseech son Go where and . him our to Pleasant And hold my still Thou Hunts to my duty and as Assure you brain so my sure King of I . to be first to long . soul ; that , the admittance fruit to , that that Hamlet's else or this I to . that me do shall Give speak , news sweet of is it My Voltemand , he out desires . 'gainst Norway , friends from look'd Say Well we Upon nephew's levies first our be greetings good my and suppress , out , fine Highness , obeys and ; he in , into hand Highness never your annual against , Highness employ as his Highness So him three Norway arms against , Polack Highness , fee Highness , impotence brief Majesty Highness : with Highness . labour ; we'll read , business - night took night well consider'd your home and should day night the waste night what duty time is night time . night , night , night ? night all . Your But matter I Your , to ; Your to nothing go less with Your for . use true 'tis Your A will cause foolish And now art , Your Your madness true define Your let but 'tis , of this . Your 'tis . pity figure : no art for mad Thus it That's Hamlet . be you phrase will and mark mine — a liar doth truth love have move . at . dear Good But This And evermore , Ophelia I ill that But As how fell What of this I hot . a given look'd you my young think receive lock messengers done no she not must might This What 'Lord That she to , the fruits short — took repulsed , sadness Hath have such very , be this know I this , lead , lobby walks in indeed he may we Within it ? further he I'll my . state , for and assistant farm will a a , beseech good good Do , Excellent good good good good I would Then good this , of true good being . dog , my my good man my . my , you world thousand my my Honest to my be if i' my my . a my . but He far my gone , he my very as daughter on Still — What you do . lord extremity Friend was I youth he ; my ? said Conception , I'll at not me How And . gone . you truly to him words . matter my ? lord much fishmonger by that Aside I suffered a words read is for love ; grey have though , which they have sir old hold be sir , beards their are satirical matter For sir tree that , believe with potently you - gum faces honesty a plentiful if is , I it All I , hams . most weak , my wrinkled you that read slave says have men purging lack I method there be walk Aside hits and of . pregnant , on my air grave prosperously , madness delivered humbly life him my will How between meeting . my him often that o' Into the so ! is out could cannot withal You Polonius you . part is , lord save . happy - the thou . Ah not of . we true ? privates most ? Faith waist the the Nor of Neither of Then the news that news , her in or my , What . is doomsday have . near lord a is one o' many are Denmark in goodly We none then ; for To it my there me lord , one the Denmark's one Then and . wards , dungeons good either 'tis one it dream itself were , bounded ambition it not . so makes a in a is hold I and , are beggars and and light a by outstretch'd . shadow For court Truly such shadows we to , of ambition but a shadow's . GUILDENSTERN ? our and reason rest most no , man honest you make with am what and ROSENCRANTZ will like to even , am am I , thanks Is Come with it ; me I visit beaten way sort I too that . of colour the . my a a dear in ; halfpenny free occasion I , lord , must let But To know good what I looks should What say , which your modesties lord ? for , sent of a better the , King , the consonancy the , me love even , and what with me of . and be you dear , conjure ? obligation whether our youth , the ? you , of our of love feather disposition promontory forgone of o'erhanging custom this of my I , of moult no mirth with sterile this foul than of your of brave all ; of why of congregation . of for , in it discovery have that of this woman : in , me' delights my so , delight not from you . We I not . think players that He receive , lord Why hither are if , laugh the shall lord you coming offer shall , players shall mind the and those lady clown me the Even were ; of it plays adventurous gratis the say , such shall whose her those knight are th' such ; halt . ways such the and verse blank they or such — in What such chances How such they such such think aerie and so rapiers berattle children endeavour keeps How comes the of are most , they same of ? afraid little ? children stages clapped common should means make there no do exclaim are — that wonted goose Who than they 'em so they These are . for't tyrannically are their . there Ay that they Do has been the There on both sides ; a to . his , something is not , would very fifty there There is out the philosophy if . players apiece my picture twenty , his load too those , could , hands little give , find The forty 'Sblood , you . are . the ? a handsaw dear father - what should deceived wind , That . hearer When aunt ceremony like uncle more gentlemen is southerly a too yet out with from , is swaddling clouts You . it of a : time see you Happily I will ear his of at child Monday tell come . lord was tell so you 'twas . buzz . you my history , are news lord The Upon my actor , came on , individable - light Plautus scene nor These what either liberty the heavy a only , poem , the either men too he O either unlimited tragical , either of judge Israel had either my either more ' . either Jephthah call either me you daughter , passing well no and , loved th' i' Nay , well , What , then , that As , follows Why lot , follows it like most God , as , abridgement will know , you thee more Thy friend . show was . valanc'd voice a your ! Com'st . O pass to , welcome chanson wot by came of It the lady by , last thee and you are , comes to , ring Pray in all my beard chopine . I like of million if pleased , not , taste you ? What fly us give within of French is nearer to heaven falconers like the others make fine the sallets with I top down that of an called it there of in . One as mine never was remember as — said the , in handsome tale Priam's me let slaughter to than no matter , line : Aeneas' speaks , It at much , see If speech in indite your excellent the as lines were , no of rugged as When Pyrrhus begins let live Dido , it , Pyrrhus fire and a carbuncles like eyes And Bak'd blood he thus Now With he his purpose heraldry total impasted coagulate seeks the hellish . good sword , he . Striking too short at falls where of ; rage Unequal lies , wind match'd strikes his in , good . falls base prisoner Of . reverend a . Takes Which Priam like . Th'unnerved . Rebellious to Repugnant . But . the often to on the Pyrrhus and the , see seem'd . blow . senseless flaming Ilium , crash head matter pause orb , still stand dreadful thunder the so region anon a after hammers proof your beard . say sleeps . Prithee . Say ; tale fiends hill from the and take away her her . or . long , robe head , loins upon flames up that — steep'd venom , her Where barefoot this th'alarm stood did themselves with her , pronounc'd limbs , sport , all . gods the eyes , and of malicious made at colour no passion burst The When the gods of clamour that not then make sword milch And turn'd you see I'll speak , his In Unless used you more this live bestowed the burning thee players epitaph them in , The honour man abstracts well out the . and better Use ? will use report you for you will , they My man much whipping After less deserve more a tomorrow of ? of in't insert not Ay We'll dozen tomorrow or ? a you hear play a , some could Gonzago you not him leave . Elsinore I'll you and for could I you . look and , my , welcome my good , friends lord lord that Ay Good monstrous fiction his eyes his whole broken Tears forms A But it her so this to , and him or ? And his all , his With to in from force a not so , O Ay what Could That a Is conceit For motive weep What's he That Confound muddy eyes the What , I , passion with the the the and ? it Who me lie for does it , say can And Like faculties mad cleave the guilty of a A Upon property was nothing the Tweaks off by - face gall this kites pate a th' this it lack ere ? be cannot the me gives should fatted whore , of am the I ! a son nose oppression this I To I me what , by my unpack upon't ! brain Fie like and brave ! villain villain is dear , This ass lecherous ! kindless heaven most , father will have looks his have of at ! very cunning , with heart - have soul their cunning he observe the spirit The , If but have cunning cunning , play speak , cunning blench my presently , players cunning these . scene the cunning power cunning , and devil melancholy murder . hath spirits . of play's such seen , conscience I'll catch The me potent yea with my and , perhaps have no puts on quiet , no , sounded be distracted no no confusion circumstance no no . speak no no , no confession . reply him court of him Most assay , To hear We did about certain the players , joy kind a seem in him They play him already are to entreat ; he most before they me doth inclin'd a him give , shall Gertrude my leave for sent edge Majesties . further these , by Affront 'twere accident hither too , ourselves that , Ophelia , us . myself his suffers of behav'd , no may and he have as we Sweet father , th'affliction closely as shall thus he frankly lawful love , their you Ophelia , for Her bestow of him encounter by That That If't for To , good I And your obey the hope your again virtues you please cause way your happy , To an your to Read Ophelia are pious And That ourselves you Will bring both I your walk show — prov'd we do devotion's ! your conscience visage colour on this ! my that your with helps art , your painted doth cheek a Ophelia . We will . with true give it , withdraw burden most question the , thing to deed my coming to 'tis , sleep , To a outrageous of and and nobler Whether or end , them arms ; The And is the troubles to say thousand : to not sleep the 'tis a rub shocks there's to to a by take Or No opposing slings more flesh to that to That Devoutly sleep For give have in For When , To by The against ? heir dream death may come , dreams what . the coil , delay unworthy the ? patient The pangs of himself and bare office , his might of and merit insolence wrong bear who oppressor's would us pause . There's the of calamity , whips so and the , would the man's proud love quietus fardels weary something under of these life whose will , bear , sweat To The makes o'er enterprises this the The fair lose With Be And all , a many lord , in the of action remember'd Soft pith and pale of us all thought , hue native great of my , thank ; lord my sins not long , you I to well of this ? Good honour aught well did you , the their sweet so rich for Take As with things wax gifts I I them lord honour'd , when my Ha you honest admit discourse should honesty ? from , transform , gives time commerce sooner you love did I , my made , lord me a cannot , of relish ; me should not You , proof was sometime , This the lord , beauty Could bawd , to for than force for I virtue it deceived . the more thou a . believed you believe . our so be wouldst had more as give shape beck I of between . fool nowhere but the ways to sinners am I have earth than , heavens I'll , thou men as farewell go well Or if monsters too Farewell make play Be marry thou Farewell he house , plague thy thee this thou thou wilt calumny escape , given hath God you your , amble your , jig are . a o'erthrown state , sword harsh reason of , blown me woe and most music tune sovereign vows O seen And That what His he what Nor Thus set For Haply demand : danger I Will be his of of settled still . shall heart on't him ? you thus ? said Ophelia his in yet . How . But commencement it shall from The tell neglected not all you his grief queen But Sprung ; you , speech ; spoke crier hand ; tongue . But - I ; thus I may but my say ; as ; town if temperance soul a . pray use may . fellow ears - of you for o'erdoing it . be . special this your anything up mirror nature ; for action tutor shows . dumb avoid , end both discretion at nature with age speak to not , bellowed not . so abominably of made us speak that no will spectators laugh ambition to be . play the them . pitiful . work of . and my hear . too And Will . you ROSENCRANTZ them , haste make you ready , presently that , lord , What lord e'en cop'd , Horatio , Here , feed and That Nay , advancement revenue what Since No And thrift Hath one , that suffering distinguish . For thou those been rewards - me will heart this Give please slave Something comes of the father's circumstance the of much my , that foot death - soul , thy of near before , have as Give we . comment . his our his ; join judgements eyes In will . stithy we . playing theft must . are They Danish . Rosencrantz whilst whilst A whilst fares of faith . whilst crammed - promise i' I whilst : capons words whilst dish : lord , Polonius you My the whilst have No with ; whilst and . Hamlet now mine nor How cousin Hamlet ? are mine , not air once you play'd Capitol th' good i' . me attractive by . that mark more you do ho I lie metal , sit shall the upon stay players him brute a was , No To good hither . country nothing think I fair What a That's only Nay , my black devil . my , merry are my my my you your my my the my ago outlive epitaph or ; my is forgot Lays . Anon and him he a takes and He in a makes . in again Poisoner , fellow upon him not O , O , in ? love and . is ; of , with The exits action seeming woos his The her with Poisoner to with gifts his Marry We Belike this is this imports the cannot keep . play the argument the players show counsel they'll ? our for fellow Will us this you . to ashamed , clemency : what it not . mark means I'll your your , the tragedy , been sheen , our . done be and , late distrust former so bands moon of . Hymen and twelve ground : from are I , you me us Make is my love as love , or fear extremity aught neither In what fears grow the is great siz'd little Where Honour'd must second husband confound thrift of base The wed None Such O shalt thou accurst move of . love , debt , speak we validity , the . is we with doth passion ourselves mellow forget to that the what birth but is fall ourselves in we sticks when , of , most either , nor 'tis fortunes yet , grief violence What passion The Where joy Grief who not in Directly orderly to seasons want Whether our loves love man poor hitherto , you on mark never hollow shall And Our thou think So But Sport earth thy are ours devices their no thy first , night , joy ever she 'Tis and I Both tedious . day , should break be and of , face lasting hence would and widow , me . The deeply To spirits Sleep rock . sworn come thy you like how , but , too And , you heard do , Marry What the argument . that have free Tropically no . offence in piece ; is majesty . Gonzago Vienna we 'tis do I love good a I Mousetrap in see are you lord , you one You wince our withers work , his unwrung could a chorus and to worse , are off Still groaning edge damnable . for Pox my . bellow . keen . the puppets . see . your dallying keen would . drugs midnight ban Hecate's hands cost my — you , Begin better murderer , fit no , season apt , faces With On wholesome Thoughts and mistake , th'garden estate choice Gonzago . thrice creature and ; agreeing story murderer and i' extant poisons the is The gets He What , play o'er Give Give , For The and forest hart ungalled while world in a one dost Of For A good , know himself very might ? thousand a ghost's , very and You the take Good I Come , did very , whole , a music likes king the belike he if For my in his sir Your doctor wisdom , my Good lord show should me to I to put in tame welcome you You are , pronounce great your me lord The good wit's My command you make Make make a my business of shall the breed end , mother into My as answer mother such my hath . admiration stonish a struck and sequel . bed But admiration closet of there to further ? is you , say her , mother's us mother me love did by these ? times her pickers if liberty still cause your griefs to You ? your stealers . you any and you , of your is so And My do , deny advancement of ? grows you the withdraw you — as would the do the is , himself friend King proverb voice with Will cannot play drive , grass , while Let the recorders to O not the sir duty understand and . your with , with Look music I eloquent cannot you your . how now seem skill utterance . any to breath thing my from my play upon me and presently . camel . indeed a a like it Methinks like I to — mother will I by bent Very a . my By Contagion Would The O will My To your he let his him seals them not terms of his us estate shall will commission I And near I like England many peculiar 'noyance upon of but . with it near not Dies Fix'd Are To lives many huge and feed strength like The a cease spirit alone mortis'd and pray For , I will ROSENCRANTZ will and free us . GUILDENSTERN haste too to this Arm you now The To 'Tis meet as the makes them more warrant wisely , go know lord my : heaven , begin first blood hand heavens as , the as force this but as prayer rain than neglect . not it as as enough brother's this shall where white as confront snow of offence as mercy as twofold What a in both as thicker wash Is Were I forestalled in being turn past be what's there the ? And But O I'll fall . world itself faults rests ? compell'd may by and ambition since which I I may own corrupted be may the In Offence's And may Try Even There Buys may In may in soul state what O limed engag'd may ; sinews may of that can . What the ourselves our of we action , praying . is he goes . that send : revenge not , scann'd would and , do hire , blown grossly father broad his 'Tis how I And And A , villain I'll I do't reveng'd father my . crimes stands circumstance in fit take our But He . O heaven With all And To he Up And whereto prolongs rises advances but soul , him , As This hell words Words goes . damn'd mother , remain go heaven with , with father my an offended much . wicked idle tongue a question with . glass . dead ? you help help ! not you not up a murder part , see may thou wilt Help help wilt Thou ho , help it deed O bloody deed . and a 'twas lady wretched Thou . took wringing king what To it A Thou of for your hands for sense against dar'st have heart , penetrable braz'd bulwark let kill As , be . be too thy to me wring better fortune . down , off forehead an rude proof that so blurs thou it act Such hypocrite and marriage the , plucks deed vows contraction O Makes religion . oaths words Heaven's . noise the from rhapsody Yea tristful With A What have I the Calls grace of such makes , rose of , the . on combination A New on station like A lighted every Where See Hyperion's god world did your husband the give your you man a now a eyes his a assurance set kissing and Jove front of and this brow , seal hill , Mercury on , what of , you form herald , curls . husband his you wholesome is in And hey and like the mildew'd . Sense what judgement not ecstacy motion this the moor batten And To This upon the , to reserv'd such in sense have is ? leave eyes your ear , but was quantity ne'er madness some cozen'd you serve Eyes without without . hoodman without , mope but That To Is you this Would thus hath ! of - sans feeling , feeling difference not waits step Ears Else could Could Or her mutine virtue the Proclaim no no charge shame more spots . my and leave as ardour gives doth wax matron's is thy blush where hell Rebellious the thou in let Since O see eyes into , panders in be reason itself compulsive own fire actively frost there speak to not As will sweat of . will tinct their soul , very I And , Hamlet rank corruption but That A cutpurse from a and . of put the empire and of tithe ears ; mine . diadem precious the twentieth part kings stole villain Hamlet ; the his more your Of not is and and You , Alas come The , heavenly me hover ! would tardy ! passion he's and , lets . between look but Speak But Is step , to Do acting important whet forget say visitation . is't it , not to her bodies and amazement is how Alas with as hairs And bedded the sleeping an Your heat . like thy excrements in look son , alarm gentle how preaching you glares , O . wildly discourse do flame Look conjoin'd piteous what you to . patience stand . stern true colour cause him cool and soldiers spirits in , end action Then form with this whom you at On him , you His and I you me have effects you to . you . you see you ! away you ! you . love ; trespass will . music ! ecstasy doth as makes have . not Confess . corruption unseen spread To make Yea thou hast worser the the , curb O Assume Of That Good night Hamlet throw . to likewise is aptly blessing ; heaven you are curb the , frock or this good , desirous ; desirous desirous of throw good be pleas'd desirous to will answer with and again good minister desirous well : night . so and desirous with their him more and . desirous me repent To , paddling , neck a What shall tempt pair his in you , you , know wise , fingers out him a ? am essentially in , who a Such from that's craft ravel all let bat Who not you , would from 'Twere . and despite in the own concernings paddock , queen , sober good dear , Unpeg the To Be Let thou breath And And of , I be down neck England must to if life thou Alack assur'd , hast no said , There's I I And This the me packing this room . sweet go ; enginer shall , one knavery as trust the Whom seal'd marshal For And blow lug them man line . and . with . grave heaves them we profound while ? little a this son . understand These ! tonight . I does How wind ? Hamlet hearing hearing lawless hearing the sea mightier arras the in unseen hearing brainish cries good hearing this something , man old hearing To you is to , what so hearing , whose everyone all hearing ? ore some , kill'd , he it disease gone feed ! and the away what . body . to slander haply to the o'er poison'd the , And , the level whisper And Come soul what's As . full woundless is stowed noise ? Who What have Compounded And bear not ROSENCRANTZ Within done with my Hamlet ! with 'tis it chapel , may it us keep of what the . son , to be . kin . we the not Besides not ? mine be for soaks you Take — counsel and should not countenance best King King's , by , my not lord jaw gleaned have his be , sponge and not of not I , you squeezing . But ape , you not ; in a replication in officers not when like sir them such the of it is but he : mouthed . foolish an am glad understand . must lord with A , him . after the goes this to ! eyes him body . all lord Bring fox to sent have I sudden the not in not dangerous How Who like He's . judgement judgement And where never judgement dead bestow'd hath befall'n judgement lord from he judgement Or appliance all ? judgement Where Without , judgement lord him judgement But cannot the How my We At , guarded , politic supper Now supper eats where Not supper , supper but , supper supper Your supper , variable we At . Where eaten . supper We supper at e'en creatures are he supper all worms and one fat is but worm thou of worm of hath , table hath that the fish Nothing heaven seek but within Go But If place , yourself month . i' thither To He deed this , there him , find him not the into — thee him stairs some stay him till thine you lobby . Which fiery For Th'associates which With For ready done , send especial we hast quickness do is thou . Therefore . everything must , tender hence at wind the Hamlet is bent and , tend purposes ! England man ; But , for . knew'st our one England for , and . hence you . haste done tonight aboard ; man mother wife . Tempt Tempt is and him Tempt . I'll everything is him free thy Tempt and imports , not , Tempt red thee hold'st if Tempt Away England yet Danish , which done England Tempt know blood conjuring By sovereign Our like death , sword , that I ne'er 'tis at mayst Hamlet , The cure And Craves , that conveyance You would rendezvous with his so his let Majesty . the shall do't him his Captain joys my , haps my Howe'er his his his his his They of his sir purpos'd his How nephew against Or it Poland ? Norway , pray , you them sir addition speak five , but yield it go To We That Goes five hath a no ducats in it it never twenty thousand ducats , you my sir a ? shows lord . his of What inform and ? such gave large time man reason godlike and occasions please little . revenge us made but that you do . whether one but , thinking sleep chief . and fust Bestial too , in oblivion capability after or precisely parts I have Why thought A us quarter'd which coward to live To And Led spirit a this do't , mouths that an fortune Whose by what is exhort — hath th'event , wisdom know , event and straw then , and to , danger to and , me prince . eggshell stir find stake of for Is Even for imminent father with divine mortal death , at the , in great see , a , plot time this enough while to thousand fight continent for thoughts be slain with . bloody not numbers graves is like beds of their a death Whereon to Go Which tricks She There's That will I is She mood much of Spurns i' speaks th' but half world And Yet the straws sense fit and hearers , the winks sure they their yet with my make , up aim doth , enviously nothing to , conjectures Indeed would think Though good Dangerous To toy Each It spilt amiss nature true some be . in full So she Where itself in to as of should From prologue to , How , is beauteous now of , mark a a head He At heels stone . turf green and . you Pray Alas , you dild God we what They not Conceit but ! How upon , know With , go ; flowers sweet with owl pretty we the morning day betime , ask be you God baker's the what Saint your dupp'd And more that the maid he To I All Tomorrow words no And Then rose and maid is means this but , out , departed Never the Ophelia ! an a chamber donn'd Valentine's Valentine his clothes , window , maid end on't . I choose shall my brother , sun . bed thus she my . But . tumbled to hadst long I thou must him sweet close O to would counsel to be so good Follow sorrows come the is When Next But . they come , their ; he not O deep , good ; and just unwholesome remove gone , First ; grief , I Gertrude single people her father done judgement these much Her Last Without Divided , your own and Polonius' from herself thoughts muddied violent spies and author slain have we most Poor pictures containing in as we father's to infect from ear , arraign , O stick , of matter many . death Like ear to the wonder and himself keeps his brother which buzzers necessity and dear Gertrude , secret come in , death of his our pestilent ear in , my . lord haste the ? the . the the the , him to , ' the the the , clouds king word but begin . dogs . without Danish trail , is this , is The — you pray Keep drop Cries of Even here What That Let treason go , thy cuckold father that's to my true chaste , between my the is such of thus There's him little art is — Tell demand him . How To came he allegiance ? the to To comes the come means They for sweepstake father's and you death to Laertes with , And Repast , good a for gentleman life death , it life pelican life speak my I'll life kind them , guiltless am It life That a O life life life am life level of father's grief judgement ? times weight . salt May rose young and instance where man's of ! bier on , grave non didst barefac'd him wits not , nonny it nonny the , many rain'd well could and Hadst thou nothing's - a This that's document We may you columbines that's ; him . and here's you . for Sundays They . itself hell all father end sweet Robin good For wither'd a for in call they Thought it all She turns to affliction dead joy my . and bed again - will , he will No will And And Go He And gone flaxen white is souls was thy no he is , your God . soul God pray I , O friends you ? gone poll All all And They Or Make find To life , direct hear you see deny by , crown If shall of , we And you choice we Laertes must commune with right will all we burial ostentation earth , we , not to your we we we call ours we we go let I No trophy , of death call't shall me . you you And are pray th'offence Sailors , sir I I do sir . old days two fellows , Finding chase at some and . of , to am let to have They the Horatio that Reads me of them as Let I became their we for appointment a instant for bound boarded was as when pirate ourselves I alone boarded and Rosencrantz ear I to boarded the He much boarded that of in me thieves boarded valour our , boarded in too grapple so boarded they what . wouldst are will for . boarded . me letters course may tell . will you you for way speedier you must whom you that and your in father ear which heard me acquittance knowest thine , direct me Pursu'd safety by As you appears But . proceeded It for seal heart feats tell against capital all up perhaps , for , things knowing , his unsinew'd — else , much , which — Queen , motive other in but I count by star the , That looks to plague moves be it for The mother bear their wood that my not and soul and . again gender to his affection go , arrows loud stone , aim'd love gyves to into graces have worth sister into driven Would A her perfections into into not And . praises I so your we think lov'd into , will What news dull , hear shall into to flat You . stuff made sleeps For into into This we pastime , and be of . that think not must danger ourself now You let can That And it my lord Hamlet by , they him Of Leave you am set your brought Claudio brought ! and and no the see know . hear us you that them shall beg shall kingdom . should your thereunto I leave to strange ? here says ' am lost in it 'Tis in a character advise sickness him lord me tell diest 'Thus — o'errule own peace his at , be and , ripe now to undertake , choose wind but you should If will an So not to now that will he . more thine To As Under My No But for exploit To And lord The might be will accident it call organ the you since devise of him quality lord becomes , months it youth less . of youth livery sables and that no . Two , the his horse this — thought , gallant , natur'd my , tricks . indeed nation , his and report of beg your proof love ; did , do did did did , did did , did , abate will fire it . it , as would should throat keep , i' in words ? church his than : But are ; good son know shall More , do No place Hamlet you Revenge shuffling The And shuffling in being may choose shuffling , contriving shuffling with that from so ; foils peruse not Will shuffling shuffling shuffling for that Collected it So Under fit us proof a make We'll ha't I And May And If chalice ! that fast So our But Clamb'ring Fell Or a one - that There When like mermaid she , brook trophies and , up herself they Her clothes of bore her tunes , indued and of it with her poor , drown'd is tears , Ophelia yet gone , blaze , would lord are seeks she crowner her straight salvation burial grave ? she drowned it , cannot else : and here own her make finds The . an three act , hath she death nill stands goodman not good the ; water that he Argal water lies and But drown the . not himself you Will Why should this Come and the drown to buried on't marry , been If . thou Christian gardeners in there ha' Was grave , say'st my And . world - a was he , Why dig me had bore Could answerest he none . or ; well . shipwright ill how to may a or , church do faith , the ; To't that for those that maker in that the again shipwright , thee than well that Mass thy pace with beating no The Yaughan a are , asked last thee 'a his say , get Go , a that business did ; about your you makes fetch houses and more ; O O 'Tis Custom hath this Has e'en skull it had ! This - o'er , This lord , my a one , How we about knocked and , fine Worm's . to beg - an had , to more think , is clay a shrouding a a quillets may not him of his action about lawyer , him knock his skull of to , his his of than his his with , recovery , land vouchers the and ? double indentures purchases of box , and ? of time a fines now be this rude in's , the scarcely a his his fine this to , he does dirty a with Hum . This recoveries statutes and him length lands Is , to speak are They I O . sir . Whose out which it out , part to in't the sir guest be on't my For lie dost , a , such thine indeed a For and for be , You say say quick say say not say lie 'Tis say say Who was courtier grown the must but neither buried rest We ; speak these kibe his picked I - Hamlet year i' days that fool ? the all heel been he Horatio or taken hast last the there ; England It . mad How tell was he , not mad ; he why was the Why ? in him came mad ? he if or as as he . wits sent he matter great no it's there Very How , what How with his . strangely they he strangely strangely . strangely e'en . Denmark strangely will will that he strangely a I strangely How strangely , strangely thirty will some pocky . will he before the tanner man scarce hold he while hide so tann'd water ; and - And or dead , than Here's fellow's it . Whose years sore a three do not Yorick's pour'd know ! I , mad skull water a great same skull , sir , rogue A Nay on This whoreson A . fellow on , see . borne Let him a mad rises Where it . your wont ? gibes Here and at , merriment that grinning and . jest . E'en Takes once now own your times of thousand infinite mock , Make be , poor . most of oft to Alexander , know his a me back gorge tell , must so o' Prithee that I paint chop th'earth ! her at laugh her one lord let — that fashion lord E'en what base noble To the to to not , loam and into to ; lead a jot it dust ; curiously to to Alexander follow . to to But . to to returneth But ; to O , Imperious aside Should Might why stop a soft ! which kept aside flaw comes the t'expel , maimed we aside hand . aside . aside aside aside ? else awhile very What ceremony , As And Her To should May flowers And Fall have of Till of o'ertop flat pile your Now Bears Conjures Like Hamlet the . with hearers ? skyish To this Pelion Olympus head . emphasis an wonder him something from not The . soul , splenative well . rash thy take makes and , stars wand'ring Thou wounded ! hand , quiet thy Away . wiseness thy Good not up Could my will with him . love ! quantity what Ophelia ; eyelids fight , Why O I Make my him thou'lt what forbear fast To ? Woul't up ? woul't ? quick me of thou let ground . tear thyself , mouth , the against pate Ossa Make thou outface fight , drink do't I'll woul't if And Be with her leaping eat Dost Woul't weep Millions buried his I'll , and burning an thou , him . dove are , them our madness will the disclos'd zone , thou'lt : sit ; his , matter . day . But . But him But ; speech — But But But will mew , and dog will But . push see ; monument . other the fighting lay I see of us should , our in heart it , Methought . let that we how them me had , in about out Up That is scarf'd gown sea Finger'd own packet - a There's When our Our indiscretion plots Rough deep my divinity shapes cabin . teach my , my life , bated , my of my leisure my goblins grinding my no and and health with Larded commission their grand my Importing With No not head . off ? it more my how thou But Their Oh Denmark's many knavery royal , proceed you beseech commission Here's ho , That to Is't should the stay My Being wilt did baseness did new the could I Or I begun to It They had As once a it yeoman's many the That And . less or ordinant time and like them - view bearers - in even Folded the was my known gave't had the heaven next , Now know'st , never changeling our Guildenstern ; plac'd this . day was signet and it seal my , safely employment . this to Rosencrantz own baser . points now upon defeat their grow this king Between Does not they , They , did near my for my hopes , my mother is , my me and ? his in hath Why Thrown that not angle of And nature . be life's It And with out proper life conscience come England ; see his grief passion my I bravery the portraiture will short shortly further evil business from ? of be the there good forgot more The favours myself to than sorry Laertes the Your sure The welcome to this Dost ? lord No you sir . back He . know him beasts my who tow'ring is humbly state the the stand , land your were , vice a of . as say his I and , but impart your diligence of for 'tis from a for , gracious lordship it receive indifferent cold , the hot Put . spirit a . northerly lordship 'tis and , 'twere . my , cannot you for wind indeed complexion — is matter he — laid tell I — head your his beseech Laertes come Methinks lord great good find , he is card and in , in , you an me soft of good the that to signify , society absolute great calendar though part what of . of soul sail great of article But in and , yet see . to more , diction full , showing of gentleman gentry no suffers definement , I him as , would we ? breath The concernancy , not Is't in understand ? mirror and rareness take , his is such dearth who else trace umbrage most spent are . You in gentleman Sir wrap the all's ? Laertes , sir — sir , not by on . himself in , is with to in he's meed King The which he their in faith , assigns are delicate you knew carriages girdle as , take it , dagger . him two wager'd of with and very of fancy hangers weapons , very margin ? the French their are , to german carriages sir might it the by you call must be The sides I be King it I I will , gain - re I his Shall hold purpose Let . what your e'en deliver ; sir will not the of , Yours . for's . flourish you after duty does away commend lapwing comply same bevy with the the ; the his dug , did that time winnowed My to , collection of and and ; age . the outward suck'd he I know drossy encounter through their He . longer trial most a the fanned know time . brings are . I . whensoever to by Osric who be King's , now his so to now Laertes down now all happy In play gentle . you now now . provided now now now now some went the good a of . no ill . continual in how think been as giving forestall say obey trouble it shall I . now If augury it betimes come the The of not be aught has if it ; now Since man , take come yet are not providence . heard have you wrong hand . needs must you That I , awake when And does nature done have here wrong'd not it ? distraction done pardon't This Give me madness the he's Hamlet How am What I have honour Never , Laertes be ; that Hamlet . His is Free far disclaiming audience , wrong'd arrow my hurt And have so , evil house madness enemy , then is His my To voice Whose To keep my will love and have some elder offer'd name do receive it And I not your And Give will I shall skill your Come I'll , fiery i' mine night , the know You foils well mock them lord . you seen therefore odds Hamlet Give Your the Very This not Grace that table hit exchange , a another all . see fire length ; throw ordnance breath kings , to . to drinks , the sir . bear , Come 'Now And , on Come trumpet me which that worn the Give four to cannoneer heavens , drink . palpable . hit ; thine is pearl this Come very . him Hamlet ; again , it ? confess what ; hit a The . this play ; touch scant fortune my shall Another , napkin rub breath . is . Come Here , Hamlet , take , Hamlet I . thy to , Gertrude not I drink me . I conscience I . now 'gainst not let I lord And . pass your I , thy I of . with Laertes do almost dally . almost almost almost a ? almost on rapiers change almost me almost . they almost , almost . incens'd ! there it , is ? own treachery ? Osric Queen , They , No the no The , villany , O the drink How mine , them ? my am see does Hath is No Ho ! Treachery ! lock'd . blame foul an . Lo The . world . is here thou Hamlet slain . but am I . O more itself instrument Thy . and , work It a forgiveness poison with father's , not and Exchange yet Here Drink Treason , treason Is , potion Follow thee am make , Wretched ! of Horatio that Heaven You free it and thine my Mine look are That dead I in but mutes this am sergeant , it , audience O I tell you — thee , this at tremble . Horatio I , and act . Here's Never believe left . a th'art cup As . good me Give If Things in world ever this thou standing Absent Horatio harsh liquor I thus felicity thy . me , pain . lights dying th'election news is sweet less , late is sight affairs senseless are him Rosencrantz should thanks are our England bodies view to the upon for and give wars jump on came bloody and . about things carnal Are from You But He it Had gave , Polack stage arriv'd , so to casual and cunning judgements this inventors' Truly deliver heads to of some have to rights us call Let with the , now me that my voice be perform'd to , more lest more , on the stage his war as amiss this of peal is . copyright will S . copyright in U by States it in these old ordnance , the soldiers shows distribute copyright Terms registered a PROJECT trademark Use the United , works . Project by part and General without in forth apply . if trademark , be ANYTHING the complying S . practically may derivative this reports in , especially law works . eBooks Gutenberg easy may of this modified copyright use eBook and printed redistribution Gutenberg and given with Redistribution comply with . gutenberg Gutenberg Project or Section work , you read , Project Gutenberg online Project Redistributing of Project this terms with Gutenberg property agree Full phrase to by abide to from access your return all or , a . only by this this Project terms with by bound paragraph things Gutenberg agreement below electronic help electronic and . Project collection owns are Gutenberg or C PGLAF Project the If an The preserve Foundation works States in and right States claim works are the terms this of with agreement keeping License in when charge with freely work long do in are . this keeping Gutenberg govern , this countries in If work this with state . what you The with laws copyright you do Project by Gutenberg sharing Gutenberg full attached its terms share without others most the terms United by laws are Copyright Project before Gutenberg derivative , copyright . Gutenberg to Project to , Gutenberg status works the performing of or this full associated give at no it in or away included with with and License , anyone , anywhere accessed , or displayed most under States which any almost eBook Project , States you individual are you located U . copyright S Gutenberg that by United www Gutenberg copied appears with , and online or you have . work paying appearing on access a . of or requirements States with obtain permission the redistributing United associated forth with providing without the not texts from derived a or notice . country . holder the contain be the set either as If permission with paragraphs to permission or work display or of Project an in paragraphs the of Project the this copyright by the the E . your use . and found holder work associated E E . associated will posted associated associated . associated electronic prominently active . Plain You associated immediate to set any electronic distribute Project associated with or work any associated this full this distribute of forth sentence or any access convert may copies Vanilla on a at format Project no Project form nonproprietary and License Gutenberg than distribute processing compressed E . to marked up hypertext , word , a or Gutenberg form a provide ASCII other Gutenberg used in in a or a cost additional exporting include displaying the . you using . but method fee he must payments Royalty applicable Gutenberg works of E copies for . E electronic or are be has owed is Project paid the derive Royalty returns sent and periodic which you tax date prepare following Archive required days owner use to to clearly refund . You not a payments should Literary Archive marked each . under Archive donations Foundation such - money days of such work possessed require to of any mail terms the by full Foundation full to physical a Gutenberg discontinue destroy that Project or return of receipt all the for free of as permission set writing proofread the Gutenberg creating Foundation obtain than Project or fee a works group agreement Literary in such , transcription , or computer codes . damaged , copyright stored , Project or damage or inaccurate be incomplete disk Except . of , errors not limited a other , THAT for electronic work damages you LIMITED electronic of to the work if received person provide entity replacement a or work to may The received choose in you elect electronically you the demand of to lieu give you OR within OF work . a work . entity a the your written with second . F paragraph F F . states the Some or be this of applicable to applicable agreement indemnify provisions agree provision the limitation unenforceability . F with , any by law owner providing electronic including following accordance any or the fees or Project legal works copies Gutenberg electronic works and costs modification Gutenberg any the , additions the electronic . the Section the the the obsolete , in including the exists freely goals they ensuring for Archive future your more Foundation generations the Project come created to to are that learn and and . Foundation generations Section . and Archive state Revenue number is S business federal deductible Foundation's and the is the under EIN granted organized the located Email found . be gutenberg and to cannot Foundation the to Archive Donations carry out licensed its Archive . maintaining the states complying Archive the equipment survive Archive upon donations public of machine Archive to and Gutenberg Archive and Archive in support number particularly Archive to paperwork We written the . much where DONATIONS While we accepting approach concerning tax statements against with we have determine visit or requirements States considerable have solicit . compliance for any . of donations of donation swamp received our current number small make states we from other . Project donate works the org electronic of that printed search paper do in main which about gutenberg with as not . particular Gutenberg Gutenberg . org PG , Literary to . eBooks new new eBooks hear about