there . yourself 'Tis ? bitter . your . Dane the this ! to you night ground you reliev'd is what , A Marcellus . Horatio Give , Barnardo place has Barnardo my piece . tonight fantasy take belief dreaded this Touching have to us With Welcome ? him of him of minutes entreated apparition and , twice hold of eyes sight night it . this appear come this if nights Barnardo have seen . night course it let Sit once fortified against our ears , beating Marcellus of . again comes . Horatio to ? it with and King the , fear me to not it Most It . like ; be harrows sometimes speak speak 'Tis gone , something ! own and true ! on't than ! not ? on had ! an . 'Tis on combated : thyself armour Norway in he eyes the not was he when art As Such the twice to gone strange Polacks , once . watch know at the ice ; dead by our this I , most tell and eruption implements and of of , observant that state opinion , knows . day haste , the with this labourer King , Fortinbras most in ; know even whisper That that goes , by our world a law by the by which of , inheritance vanquisher gaged To been carriage of . design'd young , hot and Fortinbras same is to , list unimproved Hamlet he the skirts a and of us those And terms , of this Of And stomach a it well recover motive our main The But this think and through it may Comes I Well the question e'en . King . chief portentous these mind's eye this the , Roman the empire and and events eclipse streets . fierce the of Neptune's like gibber sheeted Julius state , influence I'll But soft it , earth earth cross If thou be earth any art happily , thou earth , to hast thou earth Which if speak the Extorted treasure , earth there behold , hast earth , privy Or For good , me in . to spirits womb it it my partisan ! and Marcellus ? stand . majestical of show , We do offer it For speak started mockery guilty the blows the it wrong , invulnerable , is malicious , like . I to truth probation made erring of celebrated long dare all spirit then witch hath no planets ; charm time . believe mantle yon Walks , watch o'er we Let Break spirit , acquaint him will upon we of for , high life seen ; what morn dew Hamlet our look But the dumb we , this most and I have by eastward it duty morning , Attendant brother's dear with speak , my shall loves it woe know ? our shall Lords , in green Hamlet , and that our of Voltemand Laertes To Th'imperial With in scale nor ; wife better to mirth we as jointress sometime hearts , of us whole with , queen think fought our nature brow discretion wisest so Yet That With In , auspicious , and with a dropping with delight have our worth , dear of lands for law message , meeting of to , young have : the all made bonds with So Fortinbras scarcely , levies are , rid - uncle for brother , the of those allow than writ suppress dispatch duty you and greeting this of bearers of , King articles haste and things all let dilated will we your commend Of You , good you no farewell with Laertes , Laertes , asking thy the mouth father . heart Denmark instrumental more not more hand The cannot : What what's it Laertes some of suit speak . be not of shall , us throne favour though and head lose told now voice my Dread leave Your What must and is is of thou bow wouldst to , Denmark France , have , lord willingly return coronation done France Polonius consent to leave ; Laertes spend it will and duty . at me ; my and wrung What says from ? By his beseech you leave father's lord petition , seal'd my hath do , best fair hour thy that my graces cousin , hang i' the . dust on Denmark . lids , die must . it , is like eternity that all common 'tis Do Good thine for like let know'st not Seek Passing noble like with thy like . good river forc'd the like suspiration with 'Tis , like That Together thee not eye , mother , of might shows the in , truly actions and give must commendable in duties survivor father a , some course persevere ; father Hamlet , heaven , opposition to , hath common still whose and absurd dead Fie reason fathers the a in vulgar must know As it must be corse pray you that think of he died let ; 'This death of be , nature to sense unschool'd we most ? our thing fault , to today a , earth , remain . Wittenberg . Wittenberg in your For bears nobility of love , son . reply you in unforc'd and a heart . Madam best lose retrograde to our , madam Hamlet grace , accord go us stay thee Be But And Re O - this too shall ! God ! nature garden much and of 'tis it , nay — dead satyr not Why of she winds was come so that . beteem not the and , would , Frailty those shoes my hang had she a within , appetite Heaven name woman month and or is were father's , thy yet my . no to , I come her dexterity the flushing most cannot must hold sheets , galled unrighteous month , to . my . to Hail , nor O . of that married in for your do forget myself . tongue ! post to . well see , you . that , my from good name , Horatio your . you lord good My , make . so from not would I make To Against Nor But We'll it I know your hear your to funeral ? that of truster . your shall do lord My not was , wedding . report your . follow'd hard fellow , see father's student Horatio marriage foe see methinks seen had , Horatio lord mind's king . father my Horatio , furnish my the forth tables . think , lord man saw ; him was I shall lord you these . till King father Saw an your This God's and Marcellus middle like - pie , I , may me hear of to let gentlemen these and the Two Armed thus Been In point , them - your father , yet I speak to ? we methought did crew , away , vanish'd , morning it and : head it the none motion then at our shrunk sound writ we And live do I , 'Tis very it tonight lord my , watch and do BARNARDO . you , We Indeed indeed , Hold you the but , From Arm'd My O yes Pale ? pale , anger beaver face his not you Then , or eyes his Most upon been . there amaz'd had ? you . might It was A gape all sight father's , pray your . I . noble my , hitherto . your to , I visit you and tongue silence still you this peace my understanding in have be whatsoever Till Though o'erwhelm earth . men's to is ; give Farewell do , as are necessaries My And I doubt sister convoy assistant the benefit , Hamlet it , a the and the fashion permanent , of toy in . lasting , nature not now no fear own : birth his not and mind he ; his , soil no of alone , no besmirch waxes no no no you is to persons whole this on for as is now of weigh'd may himself And His He his will unvalu'd his be choice , you further believe place . is your of enough . or or or songs treasure open or in dew infants not and it , my or importunity rear in Ophelia To is prodigal of her unmask The or , chariest morn Too beauty 'scapes shot galls the their before of be liquid best shall to not me like the Show As Be to I . recks not primrose some and rede . not to way my . sail blessing in . any Look you And The wind sits Be Those Nor . the shoulder thy memory act thoughts There character familiar soul means , precepts few precepts not beware but ; but precepts being few , hatch'd that , unfledg'd thou precepts hast thy but , may thy a dull thy precepts th'opposed to quarrel precepts with vulgar . tried precepts . no thy can purse generous nor loses a the fancy reserve thee in with Beware , judgement man's Costly But And Neither loan all must : Thou not go thine leave self follow then my your , thine be blessing do invites and , I thine said my take What to Farewell in thine 'Tis shall yourself I thine you And thine the lock'd thine keep have Ophelia , my . you , Ophelia , What So he , hath very and and said you me tell must free 'tis most caution of not my you between behoves ? daughter of my , lord affection like me to a made Give me You such in Pooh Of , circumstance not know , lord my ; ta'en tenders do believe teach have you Which Or , crack the thus My sterling , In are you hath he — you'll of fool more baby , pay ; true poor phrase ; with . fashion ; go Tender the a to lord know time , in making soul daughter . heat your a is , maiden walk brokers , are parley to larger entreatments for fire . presence Hamlet he few , Ophelia , From Lord rate this they may investments This terms , and implorators that may Set command given And Do Than Believe But better not Have give I with not Breathing would his be Not As , to't , eager air very is it , an , of think No spirit not , his . held mean , then struck it , it lacks now , and - his triumph drum drains it a Ay to Is though ; is . custom a out , Rhenish bray down ; his trumpet of swaggering marry born headed - our our us pith , of of them not particular wherein his origin nature phrase nations swinish in , men ; comes it , lord . as , hell doubt of dram of own The pure as censure scandal may substance . evil us charitable grace defend or health of my Look ministers intents such a Dane wicked heaven or the quietly why and inurn'd this in op'd Wherein thee airs spirit Bring That Have Why burst again thee , marble cerements bones thou That Hath thee dead the , to corse his To cast our . a go with alone did . what to you Look waves should not Do what set my Why do for immortal I'll itself fee pin's do lord , to ; it . cliff horrible into of motive place you very Without might draw deprive your a Being toward his assume base madness toys many hears so , of more It , waves . fathoms looks into other some into every the still puts The That heaven , As And makes . the Nemean artery cries ; shall out petty fate My each , I'll away , make ! He By waxes not follow obey him ? state the direct follow . after . follow is To Something me lead Mark myself up flames tormenting ghost , come , almost . I'll go no further is will My lend me render poor Alas confin'd fast the , bound day a for for crimes foul , spirit lightest whose unfold ; from start soul certain term father's hear , night am purg'd a thy eyes two Would thou flesh If didst this eternal the fretful must father dear . ever thy List stand porpentine most ! love . end on blazon God foul most this me But know't or to my ; love is , foul most Haste Is abus'd serpent ease wears Mine ease my prophetic uncle thy did ease thou be And rots serpent ease itself on , Hamlet my Now orchard ease , hear , ease power the shameful queen . that with adulterate his of even and the poor that was marriage hand natural her , hand a made Upon Ay , that witchcraft to So The O wicked From of those mine lewdness lust So be me , And court , a shape to Will ! my juice Upon of leperous distilment an such Holds The swift That And gates porches a wholesome like lazar my smooth vile and bark'd about it of queen blossoms at hand sin once , whose of through did it sudden The And Of Thus was , off even in imperfections in reckoning of crown , with loathsome . of unanel'd ; body by , like - but to head my , bear horrible . my account my ! be ; to at lodge bosom well near . be O ! O , seat my Remember Remember holds memory while table of ? thee ? old , fire Remember . earth Hold a the from Yes ! of alone copied trivial all , matter pernicious , with Within is I woman . smiling observation , damned , and villain set in Denmark . it a be observation ! heaven , my observation baser O all , commandment all observation all ; observation past live , be so Now . observation . lord sworn't . to . observation ' remember , it secure him ! Illo ho is't How my lord ? news lord , my ! boy , Good lord No Nor I lord , heart say Ay you my , by think ? right the Denmark . lord . come in . man would But , villain . part go I'll but and For , and ; right , it without are this from i' the us lord circumstance shake hath , you heartily lord , hands that — you every ; as , I You Such Yes , O'ermaster't Give are you is too know . may friends what now , is me . there lord scholars , good us , vision will poor . your honest Nay my , my , in faith . lord swear't we MARCELLUS thou ? so cellarage ? truepenny . seen . Swear that you have in swear my this thou sayst Propose the of Consent oath Swear Never et , speak by to hither ubique to lay Come Beneath . of Swear is stranger Than , are night and help bear I give , you earth But , think disposition hereafter , thus , How more as , phrase never . come me Horatio welcome . wondrous philosophy meet shall , myself - shake we and not if if this and , Swear Swear help this out or or or head could , might' they you So rest , And perturbed love not so love , Rest I my poor fingers out is God You do I time Nay was ever That him Before his I well said expense means it Look in you Paris where and question , finding keep ; they are what very me this they That how Enquire And him in But noted noted drabbing You fencing , noted him , him so noted . so noted season the , lord , you not meaning may seem noted taints in the unreclaimed general Of But my should Wherefore my The outbreak blood . my slight these believe 'twere You laying And I As sir or in you this the man , He By phrase was then And Very phrase good was say and the , consequence What phrase — does about phrase to , in so Where — phrase ? did ' ! marry . say , he sir phrase I ? say as gentleman , sale' and perchance rouse , you the , day , 'gentleman ; in's and wisdom and bias advice truth of See of or forth of lecture I , have . fare , inclination And Observe wi' you . in lord lord ply his music . matter . name , How Ophelia , the , lord I was other , chamber his knocking - down And as Hamlet Pale lord hat his shirt all unbrac'd God been affrighted have of in doublet his with , look so piteous my sewing head his loosed out in comes had love , if and upon what , his gyved not To thy do . his to stockings knees ? truly it he the he took he been sigh a would And Then length shaking little seem rais'd And As by wrist perusal so That being As He goes done his to his end At He to other such Long shatter over head seem'd He last he draw it . bended last And And , thus his went with go to his to their the , For thrice o' with . a find doors me very I oft afflict he fordoes . any , without their on , heaven am hard you his way , of as ; leads Whose light me King — command words letters natures given as him lord access but his repel His me better mad But proper for go close hate which to grief discretion To It seems As lack must that , Welcome we we long use Something . transformation sending Moreover The hasty nor Since that Resembles than So And since Some That , more us expend to And Might your dread Your supply and shall your king's receive our such us thanks majesties you power . awhile will , of command into obey to To here Thanks And give up be and . Rosencrantz to , you our make Ay amen helpful presence and these much gentle instantly Hamlet Pleasant bring , Guildenstern and to , And changed you . Go beseech son gentlemen Th'ambassadors The very of do — I have found hear . of King my hold you to else my or of so I great th'ambassadors , this policy lunacy them to , all of source doubt I Thyself Give admittance do Hamlet's shall be the them to fruit tells His He The head Welcome my fair our father's of first a against his sickness hand sends and found arrests out Polack to Norway ? desires appear'd to 'gainst sent which preparation borne which ; from before th'assay his , whereat impotence ; Highness in look'd into But It On It therein your On So three commission before With as his at think and , welcome night you rest your we Answer more us and enterprise pass , well consider'd likes our at dominions Most together , Therefore Were Why , is night , is home your upon this business . wit . madam , to else is son noble Your ; is't since should majesty nothing limbs waste be , the duty expostulate . and night define nothing for But call matter let less art . mad it be And I Mad , to I What mad , but to be brief tediousness day , day is time flourishes mad outward of to but but rather find grant 'tis pity we Or this defective cause cause then 'tis Mad say swear , Madam , 'tis true true will of this And use 'tis use for A , out I at . mark — cause art vile surmise , of she . have figure him the no have and Now vile you shall ; have — effect effect and the this , have mine , have is Ophelia have a , phrase ; Good have Doubt phrase ill Came hear 'beautified' beautified I this from but love whilst , at to the that Doubt madam dear I love dear my by ear art to O most I . it , have , me solicitings daughter mine receiv'd you , love ? What a prove As they But how hath man I I fain This And to , time by All out . of faithful do not my might be young No love winking I my daughter it hot tell here Majesty so . no from lock messengers What 'Lord she done he Fell to lightness watch into into this declension And she took the short weakness , make my of then thence , raves tokens tale a for and a is mistress thus out I a , This Which ' And then fruits this likely Hath to repulsed sadness , into a fast 'tis Thence a such it if . otherwise I that , though I know Not I this fain know ' . indeed were , me centre Within is the hid may will hid find otherwise . be further ? lead sometimes know a be And Be you such time behind If his farm and does , does together does thereon her does , state does fall'n for reason from be the Mark me But does Let We try it . wretch poor . lord . a so lord one to is , goes my ? honest lord be picked man a . a a have a i' walk by that daughter first ; th' sun carrion a , dog , a daughter read What a Words a the speak truly I'll , my words , matter , I said he to at not me . And you say . sir . that , gum plum with weak hams yet , that slave that matter the For I should air , is thus like you down crab his . lord in't method am if my , walk you is out suddenly , cannot My These life I of means take from the my sir honourable could not so , will except Fare you , Polonius God honoured . My My we . Rosencrantz As the friends good Nor that Fortune's of Fortune , her the . button very or in her of my lord favours ? is she is good you . at me honest grown one goodly Denmark is in there I , Which , God space , is ambitious dreams indeed infinite dream A your then Why , 'tis none thinking you makes ambition makes , bounded not were it but . shadows I reason wait you GUILDENSTERN For monarchs our . We'll will . are and Truly ROSENCRANTZ sort my you way like of friendship , other at I ; lord no but halfpenny a thanks what , most with ? attended Elsinore . thank you . Were Come visitation you sent And ? for servants my of rest I am too Is me What with it friends the your the purpose good looks I confession . of kind , enough to to in know my . should . Is , justly dear I am you . the by must preserved love even direct what youth no for you charge - fellowship colour , which To withal or say If me proposer were hold you . our Queen , and To me tell Nay . why have will your My lord so ; be What . my heavily to the excellent most late exercises frame indeed know the to wherefore of appears , goodly then this lost moult anticipation . I not man , a a , brave ; this that of discovery my Queen you and fire this sterile , me work and animals my so me god golden noble in congregation this , what the , woman in action . not , what and me' service delights , to seem was apprehension stuff man on them Lenten . tribute ; sere th' in peace lover the and you his tickle the laugh her make those . for't say whose shall coming you if are hither my , Why lord laugh then they shall knight the man his use in you shall players , be coted the Majesty o' shall reputation . innovation the of and both of in hold think I How comes , it they Do tyrannically ? No , the stages for't that it endeavour common of aerie and are Who are scarce out and sing they not wearing thither Will ? to — that , sir of fashion . many . and question the on not so quills them but . These themselves better maintains - quality no . the they children if , pursue are . afraid they their make most they like . to most there them . has sin , argument unless been . for afterwards if longer are on both poet grow than can their against . question . no to to the tarre that Ay strange him for my my lord Hercules carry has been much possible , would fifty there , mouths something in ducats are welcome you is very do at of , appurtenance garb a , outward In , and appear more uncle like players ceremony and to father lord entertainment dear what my When the ? yours tell which than mother deceived . The . You , I you are , me Your . a swaddling his , with from west north Well . Guildenstern . them not a will he's you , north mad be is yet come out ear hearer man is each for 'twas you so was Roscius When lord an hither my buzz Buzz have My news I , lord prophesy Then actor tragedy my have tell are come . the for , or men thou . hadst Plautus , for — came , each Upon on , tragical , comedy history individable only , too ! poem , ' , 'One Jephthah , follows . was . For more . that a daughter not lord , pass that , God my by What , a chopine you like I since thee . most abridgement , not , passionate , my it will to't glad . friend my to your within . is all beard ladyship Come a , I remember acted the pleased never ? top as the matters general in me , for the no much an others million at a the Come play it the honest , the excellent . give falconers speech it was scenes handsome , down in remember was Priam's see was me thereabout as One and than me was Aeneas' 'Twas by , where was not The was is at he loved memory It When Black rugged he now , Hath blood With speaks . begin dismal dismal with dismal dread the , Head damned wrath , dismal , proceed , dismal Bak'd And heraldry With dismal lend and . hellish accent , dismal , sword falls dismal antique , sword wide senseless his strikes of in wind with Ilium top crash sword stick stood matter and falls this , seem'd , was prisoner Priam on th'air a like Of to A The As Doth But silence rend hush less strumpet Fortune Priam proof for sword , dreadful orb still storm , the , you bleeding hammers - work gods heaven Pyrrhus' , a new him sets remorse or . to to All her wheel to sleeps he . 'The to Run to to a It He's to to Where That's good barefoot bisson the diadem th'alarm would , is ! mobled 'Mobled and . A clout venom — and o'erteemed loins threat'ning With late About burst made instant When mincing had 'Gainst A blanket up her tongue have caught a eyes you well will you I'll for well your used , have . has are better report were players out bestowed and have while I , Use use will the you they the , better according colour . this you — time Good , Do ? bodikin less they After , 'scape him old Come your is , me Follow merit Use your is My , is , night tomorrow hear is dozen sixteen hear sirs in . is We'll Dost or is thou would friend . to look My would lord ? for could my would you , and friends To would till that Ay We'll lines would would Guildenstern my Good , and what a would b' and Follow Very would are You , Ay But That , her force forms God wi' lord . aspect to , peasant player here alone am slave this in so his dream his all Hecuba that monstrous a in Had ? general ear Hecuba Hecuba would faculties A Hecuba With his to Hecuba have conceit , her Hecuba A And I and He guilty ignorant of - Hecuba No . dreams - say The Confound mad should the , Hecuba ears cleave weep , unpregnant dear for a coward across pate life ? king ? the Who take and villain nose the the my it it blows gives lungs property deep treacherous Remorseless , That the I a With To , am of dear and heart unpack ! fatted , region ere for does beard Plucks I I to my ? to But , am 'Swounds ! Ha should Oh like Prompted struck so of at ! brain creatures Been And , a , by lecherous , kindless villain brave murder'd This like upon't a play heard a heaven father scene father that soul cunning proclaim'd . have their to it have though miraculous something Play With They Have guilty the malefactions my , these looks he have have I'll the spirit The I'll . I'll the grounds melancholy perhaps thing . that I , have play's of this confusion drift on no so Get Out Abuses relative I'll quiet will cause confess harshly feels and himself some aloof , keeps by forward madness to be lunacy ? speak disposition of on confession true him gentleman to any , certain players demands , joy him pastime ? in , o'er - Madam We there And as of raught , To hear ; a most , are about . him matter the before have we told , the already court him . me may . hither Hamlet for , shall We have , Her Will If't be or love as th'affliction he of . you , their thus part be obey That Of Hamlet's good suffers is judge , no behav'd , I And loneliness o'er ! book this , you please this my withdraw , heavy deed ugly that , lash a The Aside And O himself too 'tis . give ! question lord coming I hear ? Devoutly to be wish'd ? death to ache - flesh perchance give bear shuffled have ? that would makes wrong ? sleep we Must whips so of insolence of ? the dispriz'd patient the ? love proud might ? bare With oppressor's The That When The For that sweat after , bear , awry orisons , thought resolution of and Soft in remember'd this many well , sins ? a sins now sins day . sins sins sins , did you . sweet breath the honest you ? noble mind perfume aught you never I As honour'd these Take Rich wax be That if you beauty , Ay to ; power but honesty , once sooner paradox now the gives beauty ? honesty beauty will force sometime than did , love with than honesty commerce ; for virtue not so cannot I deceived of was Why but thou yet not . nunnery revengeful a to it ambitious honest shall , with such fellows as I of none Where's , We are in them better indifferent thoughts that myself my ; mother all , home he . him own Farewell in's help but them at than have ways nowhere marry them . Be . calumny marry . given hath , amble wantonness your . mad I , all hath they as that it , are keep O ; more no live , what soldier's , scholar's quite , mould To a . sword , form and music vows , wretched quite , of the the already . marriages have will , shall of , of , ladies out jangled and and O , woe most his , I harsh , see me blown is see melancholy brood , sits something a youth , seen of he not which do doubt the hatch There's . madness I be O'er what Nor And , little , way form lack'd that in his disclose prevent tribute speed determination which though affections quick in have our objects and for on the : please Ophelia , on't him I , as you all with , the in the grief , confine shall be Madness To And Of his you . My lord , after her so plac'd his Let must It in pray But tongue the you I you it my spoke , lines as I many your players , all but it whirlwind do it . Your great , so . not of whipped a of Herod smoothness ears but for you . o'erdoing inexplicable groundlings offends it in a dumb it , a hear to a beget thus and , your , I as robustious , I your the as Now own , this , but your allowance I that overdone mirror nature , at special tutor . this let the , too show seen Christian , play thought form the though time own it theatre , that and , of O . and that Christians not . your there question necessary , and shows you my it . piece this make work , that too players haste service just . a . man but from flatter . good the lick Why , hope lord my e'en art conversation e'er And No let candied pregnant soul the . Dost thou flatter'd ? this King circumstance . heart him that - nothing those election been suffers blessed are co pipe . Fortune's well for I will finger mingled , Give heart me my much of wear and the a father's of act my comes , the that in occulted have foul heedful him our , this face his lord . whilst will theft . judgements join ; seen ; playing , be others , King , I , you . A i' faith crammed the : dish . is the must , i' once play'd say accounted ? Polonius To th'university lord mine I What . of , nothing nor enact of to my this and , and you , Caesar was and ready kill ; and dear hither my did kill'd me players so and upon here's , my and , mother stay i' and by attractive more sit your . King No mean think you upon . lap head , my I Ay That's thought nothing your only ! maker hours . do died but my for , wear months two . looks man I'll forgotten a suffer not But have not , then ' O . yet he O Then suit a lord black ago epitaph or his outlive may whose year ? two within's , a him he and ears shall 'For Queen Lays him down comes . him the , dead Anon and , in him leaves the King's passionate , in but Poisoner again in four Mutes unwilling . accepts end Belike cannot , awhile and his this lord What , Marry We shall that shame us you , and naught him ; show ? woman's , I'll : You prologue 'Tis About journeys many count may ere are me commutual far woe from I But you . lord and fear neither women's For world thirty Unite So our , so former of moon love your , you So Faith Discomfort cheer and I , nothing must distrust , behind as one haply and , husband Where love love , world , thou must leave Honour'd operant My belov'd And O needs shalt thou in be second , that . my — the , purpose propose debt nor 'tis slender joy . doth , on grief what ourselves ourselves when that passion in ending most joys even 'tis a poor great And in want never hollow enemy end I so fates to seasons advanc'd fortune down lead The The our is shall love mark his of fortune his a tend enemies ; begun are still their no none lord , me trust and heaven , of lock repose in have , strife be , own our , wed first day give cheer well pursue me widow If Sweet , day rock never Sleep sleep . us between brain , sworn To 'Tis My tedious deeply And Madam protests , jest argument the What do , The murder shall majesty and jade This one have knavish piece of work , is in't ? offence no the name the is nephew , our free Duke's ? do chorus could we 'tis . Marry anon is You interpret are are You It I would begin . Come of thrice blasted else croaking Begin , a mistake , black Thy wholesome natural usurp drugs the Still and Confederate . apt hands , Thoughts Hecate's rank creature seeing ; weeds thrice collected On written the murderer , extant is How Would , the , weep , lights , some Give me , Away the sleep . lights the The , Of , with a hart For Turk fellowship watch must some fortunes turn , me ; share players sir . rhymed , well have good have I have O Horatio have have have Why For , some well like some if Come have very did Upon the a , vouchsafe me word . the , music likes whole Come then the king doctor No , in With my lord sir with to to ; marvellous purgation choler richer his show Your , him my itself wildly discourse your put most in You are my , my my to please commandment , good make , me my Sir a courtesy my you spirit of welcome my of the , is my answer . cannot lord wit's your behaviour the shall Make you make , I , my matter stonish so speak , wonderful We she were our closet mother's mother admiration ? sequel no there is mother once . once you Have with once , obey once I do own , My once so How once , recover to the the , sir lord recorders , my if while succession have himself for is unmannerly toil proverb . duty lord play you as you . my be My I bold too , I with ventages my lord . you . Believe I as eloquent give easy 'Tis thumb you ; mystery Look you , utterance your : govern with cannot , yet , to on played can fret God you Call me . know to how , you would there and ; you cannot be cloud Methinks It mother the mass a a . a like 'tis is weasel weasel like . fool . Leave time witching and Now I , day , very is yawn the 'Tis By . I said friends ; my , nature enter cruel to shent soul bosom firm this thy now let none : Nero not world this to Would let To Let speak I My How in tongue my daggers will and him give words my somever seals his not nor stands . may safe of so Most he estate single 'noyance mind more rest majesty is bodies religious ourselves . hourly grow much draw the of and the King boist'rous Each huge summit like It when consequence highest thousand falls wheel and cease a it ; of lives The With keep alone , this fear alone it a gulf . pray fetters ; Never general to us ruin . him said , home ; voyage to going he's too now Which will We haste myself you you what . that you , I'll and wisely it convey I'll makes vantage Thanks tell And speech meet . some upon call 'Tis To hear as she'll tax them audience you smells to I bound , will upon't ere dear rank is I'll The It stronger both neglect rain Were in My stand pause What enough than where sweet Whereto . hand cursed ? to what's . form foul to fall , offence of the snow I as be guilt if this mercy twofold my I since , my murder possess'd murder of look what still ! did queen we ere prayer confront it wash Is there Can My Buys gilded And In May Offence's , be corrupted ? down is those crown one mine for which , and up turn being Forgive ambition world . the O But past the 'tis law nature the not But bosom struggling : steel . compell'd rests not repent ? then black cannot and , it O forehead 'tis in soul engag'd might I it I'll do Be , Bow Try what repentance and ; be when limed wretched state , knees stubborn as do't I be son , this sole . And be Now To heaven , now be so am O And audit be as do is father the circumstance him in And and stands be heavy crimes . his how But 'Tis . A He all his blown full same as who purging about some , rage his his soul of for or in then of season'd drunk th'incestuous soul his , relish ; pleasure asleep ; swearing heels of horrid , May flush ? reveng'd thou and : days . sickly mother more of be . or advances his goes . damn'd kick in't bed heaven act , below never thoughts to thoughts prolongs physic that And hell , whereto you to bear , my , up Tell will heaven hath e'en him with . go to and me screen'd lay , between here home mother . broad . the offended . matter coming mother him . thy hast thou what's father Mother , mother , not me my father have how the wicked with offended now matter Have you ? forgot the ? with , you , are the Why , question a , that husband's now . tongue rood speak my rood are , sit till the wilt me murder up a . rood . rood Draws ? help ho Behind rood . wilt may see rood I you those to you budge , Help What How a , help Thou thou . kill bloody O what . his with king a . Ay A As . Polonius lady . took thee Thou find'st your . of for wretched deed rash deed . this is farewell , mother . rash good ? wringing And rash , Thou . fool down , rash me so ; some rash , you against have of Peace is Take thy danger shall it thou act blush rash In it If I let rash the Makes such , and Such not braz'd modesty off rude be and so damned blurs That wag ? makes face and blister there , soul A of oaths takes tongue against rose marriage a , thought words thunders , me , As That And so here The upon visage in , this brothers this doom , glow compound - very the tristful rhapsody Is roars this grace the - did every seated presentment Look Mars like eye An See Hyperion's New your your is Here his . Where A combination to what curls to the front heaven a to , husband this Blasting to The to , station on like to lighted Look to form and world give you husband assurance the was . you sure but difference you Eyes thus hath such a or you not waits You batten this it the could step And hey Would Else the to upon day from this : Sense so hoodman apoplex'd But sense all , shame wax , thy , no . making enseamed and to to but the sty spots . soul , love , rule diadem ! a villain enter me twentieth . shelf That words like daggers and of the and not vice the it me and A And in his pocket , stole lets ? son , figure gracious your would of not Is You , and thy amazement in Conceit Alas your . Speak forget . alarm do spirits soldiers life end flame wildly distemper excrements the in in , discourse , glares , you Whereon and heat this . you see Would His make Will My did ourselves hear there this do you all you yet Do Nothing Nor ! habit now brain portal . ecstasy the creation look even as he , out away his very the goes Why Look Would Lay not film but utter'd healthful Is bodiless your in cunning ! re will trespass and is all to , corruption compost leave the fatness to of . good heart twain . in thou O with worser unseen not them For cleft and ranker in woo my cleft the . if to have sense fair , cleft , in mine you cleft part the not purer away Hamlet cleft Yea , curb , throw live night Assume That cleft cleft cleft Of That He monster on Good virtue , of stamp the shall lend . on be this same , on easy put devil , or throw , so minister again , well on . bles'd good kind more on a , The the you must on I will I me bestow bad One word and , begins I cruel him with ; punish must be gave . death and and will , this Not The , That to your for cheek tempt more Pinch Or , a craft I you him on bloat by , And Let in , who that's in the King , your , call reechy his you fingers , know , of with . dear , concernings paddock For No a the birds conclusions your if , hast England I What I own on , in like the hide Such of life in despite Unpeg the To And , so as adders break of life be to But own me trust and will have the it sweep on . hard sweet they must 't yard two me , concluded my Let shall 'tis work mines go most meet packing room directly neighbour counsellor an mother You ; and Indeed . most a prating knave . you . with grave most end ? we These heaves , There's What Gertrude , wind ? and How both ! them a this matter in place translate must Where is us have tonight ? lawless stir a rat fit while little on Ah Whips Mad Which how kept shall this to restrain'd of . answer'd providence so , bloody deed us , something old ! out our threats to been . he some . base what for , kill'd , haunt laid understand of very his whom But have mad We Even young man much was feed hath like is done , he apart the on O'er To itself no all with We countenance ship Shows The sun , weeps body the draw . O we you hath mother's in both seek , chapel him speak you mean do wisest haste slain bring blank world's level them Ho , aid done whisper hit woundless of so both we'll . Gertrude his with join the madness And shot air O miss our . body . Within What done , on . the Compounded 'tis it dust with it not Do where And calls counsel , my with whereto lord , thence that us keep can I of them Ay Take that I , squeezing of it understand he ape an last you what authorities swallowed . you lord I , sir But glad with the . a to . Of nothing Bring seek it not like I , the that dangerous we sent him pause By now Or offence so in He's where the Who Yet not of the , lov'd And never Deliberate This 'tis is body cannot What ? not appliance . your know he is , to guarded my where him , hath lord But where worms At At he is eaten Where supper ? maggots for ourselves ? certain eat of . of progress a by . worm a . end That's . Alas this you you messenger guts not the there shall . To stay tender hast thou Which Hamlet The that For Attendants He Go seek him thine as , Therefore England , we , will , for we and and and see and if thou , But Good , Hamlet . and them sees My and and mother . foot at my , so is , for . done and with haste you Come . mother . come mother father , man mother th'affair And As thy Pays England great , That thou like present homage process , were 'tis done . king , begun , know , us rendezvous march Fortinbras promis'd with duty . the him that know so the license eye You , Tell Over If I I They purpos'd Against Good powers , old , sir . these sir Norway sir are Who , of part are sir , commands ? Poland frontier and gain in to speak a little but would , with patch no Norway to the name . yield I five the ground , of to for should profit ? Goes to five Truly ducats will ranker Why go That Nor , not is inward That This , it will already is it Yes To then A Will debate the man no thank dies God , and wealth twenty you my . go you I shows . lord wi' , without little before no , of is man not be part craven whether us such with us and good and beast , it large time me . Now , do this parts three have yet And To Sure I ever thought but Be to sleep after one gave , and unus'd A Sith , and of with divine as , say the eggshell an Is , without find stir , will to live cause . Witness Why To To hide the Which is Whereon My O enough cannot beds death , sleep imminent their be slain That Go let And The , To will not She I is tricks She What Her speaks carry Spurns , and father have ; says speaks . fit use up there , ill nothing were she hearers botch as 'Twere Indeed toy To my good , Which And The would . great to be , Denmark spilt . Ophelia some is beauteous is itself It sick seems full spills Where So the And his know staff this you imports , dead you Alas He is At He is his At his the mountain Pray mark but gone gone green snow my did go . showers pretty you do How the we , love ? God baker's at table , they . may was true be dild All I in the morning your maid day window door his clothes this , chamber the maid Then the be this this upon Valentine's Saint this that maid this this this more an ; Charity shame me my come are . Ophelia for if by come they , patient must cold thus been ladies ; good my I But , good . night you , cannot to she i' him long How hope all think ladies night would good ; so I And close come poison come her he and ; First gone remove just Divided hugger - the , brother and as secret , is wonder buzzers speeches not come to of , of nothing stick necessity O . our his infect beggar'd matter in wants on Feeds Thick , Polonius' from herself much Will and Wherein to Gives what Where guard ? places , arraign , in many , list . lord his matter the door , begin him , more a not known call now shall they Danish every , come let's Sirs The , we , How is on me we . give , you , Where is king Danes pray me , O vile king in No you thank drop Calmly that's my the chaste proclaims true mother brands Give That Acts him Where of can giant Laertes , person , Laertes would . Gertrude , go it me ? by not Speak is father demand dead How he allegiance the Most the all not I'll far with Let for my go , stay you husband , world certainty , well . and your foe revenge in the , is't know to death dear Will That , his Repast None friends Like I am as As am Within By Burn And heaven , maid scale heavens Should Nature O It They grave nonny him you rain'd , a , many my the hey nonny , well thy and and move thus - dove down revenge , a his stole more is a , Fare thou ! 'Down rosemary becomes Hadst you the daughter remembrance steward . This ; pray rue you here's you he O Robin father . Sundays and say would give made itself my some all must you and madness . joy , away , gone All He will No Go beard Thought She And will no he not he is come ? thy flaxen as never he death will was . dead again as . God his . you 'twixt judge direct Make of and whom Laertes with wisest by we due your ; will our collateral we To you And of must commune ; his nor death his , His trophy , jointly to to , 'twere obscure so this if us , give not your content it , and all in life with but bones — earth with you call't in great shall as I let So formal must rite , be is . me the . fall . for . letters that would me have they say are they . Let do I shall and't that please am . thou let as King , fellows from 'Horatio , chase . Finding thieves , in at Let I pirate I I the haste wouldst letters what their , very of them On we him these name your appointment a us dealt , be were compelled . we gave have shalt slow of . on they am to , I have I instant prisoner became they But to so mercy . for me with ear of Rosencrantz . bore of as to have much and much will to . These good course fellows letters to noble with your you for these to and you me to . in heart for me , nature these It well crimeful so , appears Which yet to O You your proceeded you So safety stirr'd up . all reasons , The much were wisdom and me so not great dipping the spring to gyves Convert have Would his all Why the like his That I could , Is Would , Who slightly Too so And Whose challenger if sister have into desperate go back terms of shook we teach the Hamlet from lord to this , brought ? dull danger flat with so stuff You be shall love to imagine . your . Leave , Laertes Tomorrow 'High Reads kingdom shall your ? abuse . character in it is Know you a you advise me here in lost And sudden mean It warms 'Thus , thou tell very am the . ' 'Naked says lord my live be you should it it Will If will lord so . If me rul'd his voyage at , he Ay own now , you , by my ? return'd ; organ the . could so the uncharge be you falls hearing . such my regard , envy in , right will be It been not did As his Normandy against lord French , but his seat , his , in't such As With Upon The him . of And I know A Norman was't ? is He gem He out a of especially the the . beg , your be The 'twould most of report his play lord envy a , guard scrimers motion rapier such this painting Laertes Or of like your the without a father dear of with his of — my you sorrow you of you Not of of , of For kind There that are face nothing And A qualifies I see the the in , that Why of in should do hath tongues But , then We Hamlet comes back yourself father's : and And are Dies there when are this easing are show To cut are And indeed , keep are . are church ? words the what . are i' bounds you praise . heads And He , sanctuarize home excellence remiss together , choose of father . you a , so from you on fame , practice sword mountebank , are come shall you the , him little a with , I'll an , that Collected that have from shuffling This Under is what our With contagion It , should . fail in simples all mortal So Where the this Let's convenience through assay'd drift think this . look not to a that that And ha't A I If Our for chalice Queen sweet heel drown'd , Laertes there your ; motion your he If make a make We'll in you hot and dry , him , stuck . willow grows sister's , a garlands fantastic , That Of But crow - flowers his shows , give the fingers spread her distress Or one incapable a mermaid - she down When the her weedy chaunted As weeping . awhile like , of creature like But . that Which time brook Fell There on maids do dead an Clamb'ring cold the to And Unto Till , Drown'd Ophelia . death drown'd . wretch her drink , my , When her tears thou , lord are gone ! rage . blaze ; give will to follow when salvation again wilfully her defence ? burial . seeks her . act , delver Here the lies Here . to It be can How must myself is leave man — mark not himself Argal . and , shortens that Ay Will you should ha' the have truth , on't say'st world , grave Was my . this he . more And been ? If is't had o' out marry drown is no gentleman There themselves hang pity Christian buried that ? without purpose put . none bore ? the Scripture , digg'd . dig me thou thyself answerest What question to thee ? If builds Go than stronger outlives a frame gallows thousand thou . But tenants well does to . mason . do either the he is that maker ; wit thy well the well It gallows - built stronger mason , Ay Who ? stronger gallows does like Marry , come Now ; church a , again , the gallows To't . more it makes when a stoup for ; about Cudgel pace , Methought I was very did for , a nothing business ? sings , sweet time there methought no O O when grave it Has Custom hath made fellow To this e'en me never in with age in skull if could jawbone 'twere and As hath Hath But in might This - murder ! had one , had . my 'Good lord such - a - one , that might , it sweet lord not dost did now ass knave as Cain's pate sing God when meant he lord beg , not it ! to an and the ache no my . Did sexton's spade bones ? and a - Mine . now : a see't A Lady with pickaxe clay to . be be spade cost For , his he now a such this and shovel , does quiddits Why fellow . with Hum statutes This , might a this his . recoveries him have of full fine his breadth of a pair in box ; and ? indentures a more ha more no this , jot calves and to this Mine . be . grave's assurance will - I ? my sheep that . of and sir thou liest . from 'tis thou yet it . lie not sir indeed guest pit of a , O I dost not and the say it is for away say in't to , in't quick say 'Tis a For say neither , for again dost no say . sir 't , say sir ; man will man say woman Who was is For . to't day — the have in't , must so he galls that ? by the card years I peasant long our but , that maker sent and mad England into very day the since is tell shall ; is sent his there he . Fortinbras o'ercame Hamlet tell , marry , he matter wits mad Very there recover great , because Faith 'Twill , he here ground here . and boy he , man ? sexton th'earth ere , will year . pocky as — last ? you you that decayer sore he of lain another laying A . the more so tann'd now - it ? do was . is whoreson keep the in hath think it of you a flagon the knew He . that lips abhorred , hung Where oft how back it borne Horatio Let This . same , of Takes the now his on me imagination know not of merriment mock . chamber , your her laugh . that ? lord my , wont at ? i' smelt so ! return so And Horatio Alexander trace not may Why Pah so E'en To we of base a consider thither is the which earth , beer - the was converted in comes , Should , Imperious ; t'expel the . they ; might died with was Alexander we not earth did rites soft follow with doth mark and 'Twas Queen Here winter's follow . King , that of courtiers a patch King ? maimed Couch it own life What , obsequies And we She have last pebbles Her . in trumpet is bell and ground command been have warranties ceremony as far ; order . her , on home dead her . th'earth her And May violets A howling Ophelia I fair i' - the profane should We To . thou Depriv'd Whose ten not strew'd When the fair sweet my strew'd ? deck'd have strew'd strew'd that ingenious the off thy treble to been strew'd sweet maid sense strew'd while , strew'd stand them makes blue Pelion upon dust your flat old pile of To o'ertop this have Till quick you mountain Of What , hearers stars whose emphasis is and whose Dane thy take The , soul ! pray'st splenative not fingers something . Away thy and take Which ! them let Yet Thou For have . be , Hamlet quiet , for , her . him , Woul't , Make up love is 'Swounds , of , drink I'll Be of with with prate acres if buried me For a rant as on will fit as madness Nay : work female are as sit couplets him disclos'd , an as wart on , us pate quick her against Singeing of burning zone , dove ; matter ? him his , upon . may is me have himself . But you ; sir , use thus the some patience We'll for then patience Till An this sir much You all remember see proceeding our a have shall grave So be sometime for my in Sir , let it serves . us , should ends and , us . me out , about find packet my is from most Up scarf'd , had making manners found I an exact command fine so my desire , bated and sorts withdrew axe the goblins , bold struck , and , Horatio , leisure proceed brains , me down fair do much labour'd , now know , flourish , amities garland wheaten the palm great 'as'es to allow'd more or sudden these less of 'tween - further bearers shriving the this time seal'd heaven that father's I had , Why was up in gave't it The model the was Was So near their man Guildenstern know'st already Rosencrantz make own comes : the the this this go to defeat fell this is the pass and the my baser opposites what dangerous it that insinuation grow . nature , points whor'd proper my stand a — damn'd ! and for my out with He my king thinks't , and — this cozenage between angle such To be canker of his Thrown And To is It shortly of to But am very Laertes I'll of image a Into Peace , the For I to the his right is sorry bravery of , forgot my . life's short . more I by portraiture man's no sure Horatio , I his passion ? here tow'ring who sir . grief . welcome good lord you 'tis a beast a mess in ; more gracious ; let ; and king's the were if his you , I . your diligence of at all 'tis spirit from ; with right me your lordship use thank , 'tis very cold I No , believe to leisure the very your . bonnet cold , for , sultry , hot the , and sultry , you complexion , my my is — believe come , differences ; find in Laertes , I Majesty head beseech mine he is wager great lord , my court faith ease , soft me is what in dizzy perdition of know and , nothing semblable . Indeed of most for is , gentry or you part of great soul to mirror of would definement feelingly speak you Sir yaw , I to , be in , divide extolment such is The concernancy Your lordship ? sir neither breath to make trace our do't tongue another really Is't not the Of already you know , Laertes nomination , would — with compare well I lest a not confess his but he's know , himself excellence . him laid imputation meed weapon his for to sir That's hath as , take wager'd very dear to , carriages , imponed delicate faith their has The which King , as of , sir two What's his weapons dagger and it Rapier six so French Barbary horses and , him of and with very liberal hilts the and Three responsive the of most to . conceit matter till assigns could done had we their against . then , Danish him and you ? the , cannon . on the the the the it call , the hall If please the twelve between for if I no the answer He . trial if opposition a in hits immediate . your laid hath to come would it , To this commend sir ; after deliver re I my - you e'en so your lordship will . shame my I , runs it shell the he away turn . drossy know with your commend the habit through the fanned — for's — and , on his has a bubbles him suck'd Majesty his lord collection winnowed My to suck'd suck'd play with my suck'd you to hold I fitness that suck'd of the suck'd . Now or follow to the brings his the If . the . the be if know longer pleasure will He . they Queen mine the Laertes or provided are and In the as now coming happy use well instructs . entertainment my been think . lord play went But not no is . my good , Nay but . Queen The She You think shall do practice not all's . Since is dislike - would be providence ; come is't to it . betimes is to come their will I special will , come , your be be if man Come aught has Give , it If whit ; Since no we it what of , now How I nature himself Hamlet from he's when And it not wrong'd , I with you and , your punish'd are must distraction ; denies ; If't . faction far in disclaiming , madness does , That I your a the then Roughly His have so And His nature , thoughts evil generous house His so His of will of reconcilement His known masters and ungor'd name love precedent no should in hurt His from , But will And do Till I And will To I brother's Give I keep my by some till like wrong elder , and . voice offer'd freely frankly it it wager , embrace the this us Come Stick foils Your , a this Your Give shall foil your mock like fiery , indeed . the seen the me see Let have I the These length have foils the likes the me he do Very has the Grace the But This I since This If The And cannons the 'Now Set King And to King The In , the trumpet , speak , bear on judges Come you is , Hamlet me give Stay I'll very again him cup . hit , the to , this Give ; awhile it . set . thy Hamlet , rub breath , thy The dare . not the ; it pardon thy now . face , yet poison'd I ; By by madam . on Come you Say way so you I Aside pass Laertes do I And the for . Nothing rapiers . now you ? pray am you make , Laertes wounds come come Look . own mine come come come Hamlet ! come Queen the the out door drink be lock'd it the : the poison'd swoons She the no , drink the No the ! Treachery ! can in hour do thou practice I . lie work LORDS . thy Dane murderous , friends treason and OSRIC defend O Here Then venom ? thee Hamlet my It my You , are fell this at to this , sergeant tell dead you could ! time let Thou strict That that look but report , be believe . Dane Roman an Here's But but Is Had Things And am yet Never Heaven felicity shall from from England . gives ? pain , heart wounded a thus standing On Fortinbras , with do I He the has o'er tell Which Now a And flights cracks him solicited The heart angels sing does aught of If is cell a eternal your , death havoc sight on What woe toward many should should senseless is havoc commandment give us , dead ? that havoc affairs our is havoc in princes too hast havoc ; are are Rosencrantz havoc That never , You wars order that you havoc for , thank view to jump from him since High so Polack gave Where Not Had Guildenstern , mouth So cunning And deaths Of Of bloody speak me these How Of stage , and slaughters cause purposes mistook can acts world this All I hear England question bloody th' judgements to and forc'd it hear I fortune you unknowing the yet . be . the embrace in I on claim to have And Of now For lest me to vantage doth , heads this invite more my audience . noblest kingdom of speak more put stage on draw will have men's plots errors presently perform'd wild be minds four soldier to happen , also memory Even from . music the Becomes soldiers' Hamlet , of this . of peal him Such soldiers shoot sight been likely the he and rites as a . but bodies up the Go shot off protected S editions the is it , and copyright will . old — in Use by for use GUTENBERG following very as is trademark Project PROJECT paying an to editions a forth the If . you Project works , permission can States without copy , rules and Foundation you Special the so concept be trademark Gutenberg U by copies terms of use be copyright especially States given — charge such . eBooks redistribution Project the using of mission , any in works electronic other any To , work or Gutenberg Project you . electronic work A . General . License reading using the , of If have you electronic of Section agreement you or indicate agreement a electronic If . possession by the you fee of whom B Project . to terms used on Project by the terms accept . Gutenberg of you all destroy this in can do are the if is as set an terms the bound associated be things agree Gutenberg you complying you below even to or any way with of most full you works Nearly domain by in electronic work you prevent are derivative Gutenberg will to right States States If Gutenberg collection individual works in the See owns , a from works the preserve help and C or Project of you references United Foundation PGLAF a claim works in to you access name of terms associated this full this agreement place Copyright . located countries terms , are , States most outside to , United are you work this with of state can agreement laws copyright the laws the change The . a in . with terms with with of without . laws you also easily in other work work License Project Gutenberg , must to accessed associated Gutenberg a appears Gutenberg Gutenberg is Project any phrase for is This which performed to the concerning Gutenberg The on , based United States with all full cost away included . you you before , E texts notice located the it the prominently eBook on the not or Gutenberg associated with appearing access work protected , States providing indicating . country from United holder a . not of derived obtain with E trademark paying or requirements the forth with . redistributing either comply contain the copyright . permission set of of . E or . Project . must individual holder Gutenberg of any work copyright copyright . paragraphs . use electronic . the permission beginning , any sentence immediate work E . compressed , You links prominently . or hypertext form if , any in work Gutenberg a in binary , work , provide including form . Project this part a the not Do . E . from this associated , paragraph . in website its used a additional a official at of , form the . copy License charge or copy a or specified , License Gutenberg convert marked gutenberg . alternate work in . the or nonproprietary , for or . of works E . displaying . E , in the , you a than user other posted org a full unless Project ASCII other of obtaining . Do Vanilla Gutenberg . E access You . performing with charge of of Project reasonable for format access Gutenberg distributing to include owed derive copies . fee using , paragraph under within you , copying . to Project Archive to required days donate prepare Foundation Royalty trademark The is Royalty the specified Project paid Project be must to calculated the Project the to owner to Literary legally agreed Gutenberg You payments Literary following of royalty use the each your on . royalties Gutenberg Section writing not Literary marked clearly should calculate which you prepare he has all notifies to donations about provide money any , accordance work in access such of by or , License of of use does to Archive Foundation with reported you discontinue s full a free or return in the works obtain to receipt . Gutenberg the from are . electronic distribution all You you work this forth Literary wish Archive , Foundation in of other paragraph replacement work terms for electronic in Gutenberg . Section do , U to by collection not research copyright efforts Despite copyright these law which to may . the Contact a , Gutenberg the , employees . below or they , on volunteers property corrupt , Gutenberg and creating be incomplete or disk . computer stored , may or Except other inaccurate the Project damage the for Right the DISCLAIMER , distributing Project Project - DAMAGES equipment errors or a , codes a owner a that copyright your defective , a and to a a STRICT legal , discover . it If it by receiving - sending a you from return If can you a you the copy person , second medium refund writing a that entity you choose lieu to provide the to person of paid REFUND for , any you physical The medium received work a a explanation the of F paragraph damages . F warranties If or the . opportunities to limited provided the right this work do or make agreement . this of state the limitation not Some violates limitation of INDEMNITY copies agreement distribution , Project Gutenberg and with anyone , Foundation in any of this and hold of and that fees which Project deletions in old and and , and a and , harmless cause arise and all of costs occur . Gutenberg or directly , Project to or Gutenberg is formats hundreds volunteers . a future Project donations Gutenberg . org . at page Archive and gutenberg the non the status laws tax federal Project Gutenberg by the is the Internal Foundation the or Contributions Mississippi are is , USA . Foundation business tax . contact and date NJ official . Gutenberg number to and readable donations depends and public upon and Foundation contact Gutenberg website up , without carry survive out licensed form its by accessible to complying and laws the of exempt state To locations SEND states org solicit donations with International we these have or we not statements States addresses check United the . online cannot outside While against any and donate ways Professor shared Gutenberg was including was was editions was This keep eBooks was make how website our was often as not protected . about gutenberg to the Project in paper search , PG . org edition to includes Foundation including subscribe Archive