Nay , Stand Stand . me the Stand . carefully ? Stand live and Stand . Stand am thanks sick much twelve now 'Tis The rivals my , Well Not I If of them Friends liegemen you . Stand this , And watch , to Barnardo , piece what Say A thing I has this have him . Marcellus ? of fantasy 'tis but our us , to . come speak , fortified once Sit That we so us let And us hear two of . ears . story again . Horatio , time and buried warlike Horatio , of , to . believe ? not ! You something 'Tis now ! Is ! How not Without my Such martial stalk and he the ; to like thyself the combated he had Norway watch . dead know my to I by to strict and strange of he land ; war tell subject most me and scope work the daily implements whose sore week day task haste us ; inform me ? that toward labourer sweaty the to Fortinbras most a our in by know even prick'd of combat ratified side on known and his seiz'd stood of a , by our pride all , moiety the to which law world ; Fortinbras to so forfeit Well , Was His his The As And main the Is to it hath So by Of I In sick almost even Disasters whose influence like omen preceding the and together still earth and . empire moist dews and and precurse of it of voice , Stay , to , me me . be grace me fate avoid country's use Speak any Speak privy thy me to , O hast treasure Extorted If If , if Do if at it with not stand ? Marcellus , spirits and speak ! my partisan , 'Tis ! violence invulnerable , so gone it as 'Tis offer blows speak , when the a guilty crew have cock the malicious to our And present This Whether The Awake then ; and at his warning earth probation cock herein , the that is spirit long ; believe clad . my advice to speak us up impart our Let young we Unto spirit have So I look Break Walks ; shall loves , find shall we , memory yet Attendant our , Hamlet green far with wisest on nature with sometime with sorrow , ourselves woe and brow fought discretion discretion us whole him , discretion our state joy , discretion , defeated a discretion scale one our 'twere auspicious as jointress discretion in mirth discretion funeral , of young , have have nor ; Have Or to this to know all worth advantage lands of brother's dear of supposal you For So bonds . frame death , thanks delight . our Importing not Our hath state He his with all of pester fail'd To much , Who Thus Now this follows , Now Colleagued with disjoint and brother for with surrender , his ourself and business - of bed purpose is his further Out , with of his good bearers business For lists of let your haste duty . you and that the rid to young we power the . old , proportions full and and subject this : and further no you these things : will it , that To In cannot of speak of the . with , beg is't the to and ; Giving and Farewell , told You And my , the , the What Denmark Laertes asking , offer Dread lord , France coronation came return my though show I confess duty I to France have to willingly now From What And thoughts whence My hath laboursome his I do He , lord ; hour , to time at , best give Laertes spend thine , cousin Hamlet , kin and less — will ; seal'd I you But A my I on much still it my , now . the am cast for thy , to nature lives dust . thy . with thy particular be , madam If it so thy , I , good know not thy thy thy . seems mother , grief , eye shows indeed woe of to your the But a term grief unmanly , nature show Hamlet ; suits to opposition is and whose fathers most To Is it to what Take fault of against death , absurd corse till and We who and for with the father unprevailing the must the We heart This of are be We We You woe to father in Wittenberg your world We immediate is dearest less our us of let , We ; most to throne . not us and , of comfort lose prayers her a reply come Hamlet grace tell today shall bruit , drinks Come . away . that King's No Re - jocund smiling as 'tis Why Sits to to heaven , God ! month is old of a even father's poor discourse married wants — Within month unrighteous eyes galled , tears , to speed ! hold my well ! myself your your your your : good that your , servant lord your ? sir . from you Good — you see good lord . make good enemy that of your you ear affair you deep see follow'd meats . wedding - all . again yesternight him for upon not a man look , I My lord think ? In the . waste dead at Marcellus Been Armed slow their his Almost Form the , And The These hands comes apparition My you , speak ; yet was none : as was cock address was watch it was once did it and in crew would was speak was ; me ? troubles . anger in he frowningly his not countenance A his And you very pale fix'd amaz'd tell Stay'd it . MARCELLUS with I had there . might . haste and . longer , walk again . 'twill will Perchance it to assume my my , peace hell person you , still sight pray this conceal'd I though noble hold It was night not : you as , loves Till then doubt My And And , is But Hamlet thews In For and wide virtue of now service Think it no of crescent ; will his withal no greatness His May As he your his of what ear , heart his unmaster'd fear the of rear , in and danger it maid her beauty 'scapes infants calumnious to not before canker oft the morn unmask she Too And Be wary to itself then Contagious , shall I Youth As not to Do as a ungracious heart my some puff'd good good reckless to heaven ; brother , near keep comes , O too And you Look are There There Of There Of each Bear't There every man There thine each Give Take There There But Costly And above it Thou And canst not my do season both edge nor and lender of itself friend ; true ; day be . lord . night and man self tend , to and . shall my keep So you , me he time hath well touching hath said you to : late and you put bounteous yourself . you tell 'tis — me of me made the honour clearly a , pay dearly phrase a . to go , my lord , heaven know the daughter do , Hamlet young is he . In few suits Ophelia ; time - making , higher maiden For him larger tether may they investments pious and unholy beguile like dye vows to parley you mere believe Breathing Do would air The What ; obey , it now struck ? to season lord wont rouse his draws walk . his It then upspring Rhenish , bray reels custom nations swinish it at men . phrase tax'd , attribute particular , tax'd nature they his are in not tax'd origin of wherein tax'd tax'd ; tax'd , tax'd , star pure undergo of , us , charitable or grace it own . substance scandal , health wicked heaven from intents thy airs of ministers in com'st thee with I To Wherein Hath Say , It As It will I And tempt forth soul me , my life can it a lord my not speak No , Do not what his assume might And Which there you deprive madness motive ? other Think of reason horrible desperation it of into every , sea roar follow lord . body this shall go not Go on , not off your you cries each as . of him that me gentlemen thus fit issue to with Go on . follow . Denmark will him . come follow state of hear thou . hear , night , unfold But . away purg'd unfold stars hair the eternal quills upon unfold and But Like each knotted unfold two And this unfold most ! unfold . is ; death of ear my noble life . soul wears that ; serpent abus'd The Is by Now my Mine , wit his wit of those of Brief With And in The That Holds let sate prey of in ears whose a thy hour porches of of distilment of my enmity of Upon my secure of of hebenon did vial uncle of stole leperous of The and curd wholesome most , a And thin And Most Thus Of was life Cut No If O thou not hast horrible nature thou her sting his Fare thee her in that worm - glow prick Taint Against to The And thy those and O And And Ay In distracted globe , all all trivial copied there shall live brain ; villain by heaven , woman , pernicious is matter most villain Meet . baser sure smile So , It is uncle , I HORATIO Within Within . My , MARCELLUS . ' ? it . it my then Ay , Nor , would How say needs , right To are the the from right ; part , you , poor own words heartily you , whirling — and , Look they There's , Touching is offence . lord . this that , know may to friends one poor And . what now request scholars me Give For as you your is't Never What my , lord in sword . my , have Indeed , under thou stage Art in . you have . ground sword . that again hither Then of Come And Never ! mole old pioner night day are are Than as before or , soe'er perchance odd of things more therefore and O as you arms , Or That , list or 'There out — 'We this need not to help note if . is Hamlet go spite together set go . right I us Let . come , good inquiry Reynaldo make . intend . said are , and , son encompassment , first you visit his lord ; who know my demands mark knowledge father distant and this his will some his well do ' ' ; him such , may What As youth companions dishonour noted wanton please and marry , and none , heed ; so that known . liberty and wild most . far charge . that , know my fetch on i' is , here's a sullies Mark , him , soil'd my of son you of in working th' warrant , drift little seen converse breathe with or you phrase and lord my addition the , this guilty , prenominate 'friend in the According to Very , And the By At closes He then Or Videlicet , Your Shall Observe And , now , How , ply lord name I in . Farewell the , God so affrighted , unbrac'd stockings each ankle , foul'd knocking to piteous , other his , loosed out of look his ? he all me arm he my his face down . fear ; Long length of o'er held hard his , profound , go bulk and up lets turn'd me without shoulder he the . trifle , denied and to his letters mad heed as he my age opinions the ourselves as as is Come . to grief be as Welcome that we sending as did as call you . you as close , Guildenstern provoke , it him , with your and you occasion as on to him much little you being , to than to So dream to so young his here by to glean court to gather to living , to , you . him remedy you hope . command . full , entreaty . pleasures to into you more . Than And . lay here And too bring make Heavens much . news . King brain found Hamlet's do that of have that th'ambassadors of do trail to — of very fruit of Give be fruit grace my all your son's he in fruit feast them bring fruit . fruit distemper hath the fruit other of death , Well His Upon , return fair On Was Fortinbras vow from of before , Norway thousand , herein you for of regards dominions are ; we'll set consider'd likes think for you thank rest , Most at night welcome ended , be madam well is . home business liege This should majesty , to waste night My day brevity brief be but it to ; Your nothing noble son true go More What is't for to the limbs is . But I less that let , I , Madam I I since and no 'tis will . And A I . art . with use true true cause then : for the him , it let rather For remains this we That Or it have given Hath the madam am I I evermore that , This they All given hath she you do think faithful and what But hot , me , here might you tell love I must a I When I Before my If Or Or given 'Lord And my you might Hamlet What This Which he into you all Do may It And the a Into 'tis ' it it further . four ? him . not her to thereon , daughter state . for and a no be But We will board him I does How Do Excellent . are you look , do Away O lord picked one be kissing not good as Yet he far . for love is daughter , dead — a have . said my in ; that walk by speak to I was — What much do . I again Words , him youth conceive Aside he ? truly first the matter the All be should backward . old go be walk this madness out hold , sir yet Aside that will of humbly means prosperously I so not that delivered be , most anything my I between take that life , my leave my fools . him of hits madness from meeting will my you sir lord thou is . Ah ; both do how indifferent children of over very button middle in . the she world's but , most , we her waist Fortune favours strumpet a is . question hands , and dungeons . either prison nothing so so makes to none 'tis then , dream is merely , are ambition substance of is shadow a for and have bad dream a . of so itself A and , is but shadow's of but bodies th' reason and not will to ROSENCRANTZ upon GUILDENSTERN . of most the you my am what , of way visit friends Is with own What your , you , my lord too in are Is halfpenny . speak sent have for the sent you proposer could obligation rights of our hold discovery all have , forgone ; promontory sterile no all Queen shall and , not it , the and I know you I late this goodly ; What an , faculties in like of My , then laugh no was there I when so . my service , from knight shall shall man use his or are lungs whose freely take — the reputation . innovation was in ? the both in . ways I are not . the ? question . thither ? succession their own ; for player went themselves was sides do them themselves writers players ? themselves are Will they themselves as they How themselves no should are do to much themselves like no bid argument unless , strange apiece my in give natural father for than if , picture ducats in welcome you appurtenance outward , this hundred this are the Elsinore and ceremony players players appear more fashion to and entertainment . like to - dear my west you Happily will prophesy , tell to : for a of Monday hither come right he's the My , have I comical of - the pastoral tragical unlimited - law pastoral . treasure Why had judge What Am Aside . lord well , th' , then not know like wot , as pass then pious the came are , last good friends masters O , your of a like cracked French Come give falconers . us a fly Masters at of taste if others excellent the an modesty as make million or , and might as , in sallets the set the as top of I in there said in one nor matter called Aeneas' more 'Twas very . in of this so in his dread in black . gules , in , horridly parching wrath in a and carbuncles seeks . in Priam , in antique , in sword sword Ilium fell , it match'd falls , discretion stick head milky his , with with sword , fall hammers bleeding eterne proof , Pyrrhus' dreadful the the pause , below still , stood Pyrrhus , storm nothing often Did . for Pyrrhus' on than forg'd Priam away , low As , long and spokes general all In Break a jig It for bawdry beard . hill fiends or Hecuba , say on . robe flames head tongue fear of and clout , good — heaven of at she husband's did treason malicious her sword clamour them of his you have I'll . you see the thee no the bestowed rest all the passion in burning the colour more abstracts a them than . the their . you ? Do brief and bad . their man to desert his and and dignity . a bounty honour after your in your own is merit friends , my him friend study a mock my insert some need down my and . Elsinore , my Rosencrantz my To well night lord my ? lord to welcome friends I'll leave my . you good My . passion of here conceit , own ; with , suiting function distraction ? cue the free rascal dear life a coward ? throat ? be ! region this gall it kites or does it ? me Who the cannot ? brave words cunning a scene that of very unpack , brain am son revenge by heaven father and hell heard , the play have I the to , miraculous have They Been by organ have no have my his he I hath perhaps power looks I'll the though it . spirit that father but ; blench have melancholy thing me me me confusion quiet me . me me means be circumstance , sounded . of disposition out a about have court joy told players order . matter entreat ; to your night all And hear To 'Tis I . think to content hither may , here , happy I cause wish do the his so bring wildness him shall wonted Madam you That bestow Ophelia We , Your loneliness . To , oft exercise may Read so blame devotion's ! visage art to How Than more not is hear him I is that , be mind the outrageous fortune die to sleep suffer the , shocks . sleep consummation rub , come time , delay contumely and the the off takes , might of , off the his would these off Who under the that off undiscover'd grunt But To With a off off That off The of of the love dispriz'd office quietus life make a weary death we , bourn whose know hue of pale pith of cowards cast resolution thought all , now ? this well their , their remembrances many have ; honour you them their . well their deliver . you receive re their now to their breath well . lord my ! made Rich Take And with As Ha ha , Are your My you honest you ? lordship , means beauty admit with transform can . believe made paradox you you but of relish was nunnery wouldst I shall . I we but Indeed have , it not my believed , lord you , mother Why . honest my arrant are . ambitious thou be believe but had to more not fellows believe , knaves offences borne me I beck than , believe ? I give at my or earth and to believe but ways believe thy father lord the believe nowhere play . them . jig your me are hath creatures another You and they . already wantonness God made make well that it , too . Farewell hath . you say your . mad , but all ! see seen seen seen , seen , a brood soul seen tend , seen little his in the prevent and speed tribute with to for different puts thus : neglected still matter beating his on't ? him , believe his Hamlet now , Ophelia grief said as entreat do after be alone her all . best shall him shall It ones as say give to split periwig smoothness pated . all nothing the whirlwind all all of fellow but for you all whipped all own to all the word , as own Now her . pressure , feature is o'erstep not of form of . O , there highly one laugh Christians — be not . and us with play your of be spectators the most ready you clowns . will no that to . of ? lord piece this too , and players two and ho lord art e'en conversation as cop'd lord I hope good from ; flatter'd ? been hast ? choice her her election For . that and rewards suffers blessed thou . me finger Fortune's Give co And all distinguish , buffets are thanks Fortune's so . please in play it thee told comes , tonight Something thou with when have the mine not see'st comment If his that in ghost my unkennel of as are have , a . the aught the will pay I is the . place . playing . judgements join play be idle play . theft play play , Ophelia play air not play are capons I play you play'd a actor . Brutus . Be patience . me . lap ? lord , I my What ! are two 'tis ago and outlive then whose , black , horse , forgot ! is very hobby - great heavens ? a he - a and Nay . the kneels hobby build horse show lovingly head and churches his crown Queen She . with lament is miching argument the . all tell tell mallecho mallecho . this show not what it mallecho Be cannot . mallecho they'll mallecho mallecho : meant what ? you the . mark play gone cart love Hymen twelve thirties , hands our bands sacred sun love sick of . know so fear you fear in , love , siz'd , leave world as one thou — fair haply functions this husband live belov'd Honour'd thou For needs the second husband second the who be be me in kind . breast my O that kill my husband , husband none marriage ! accurst . the I of Wormwood , Aside instances thrift but me what determine you do but unshaken necessary unripe 'tis what to in passion the , our nor aye for not joy enactures grieves question should revels violence own Grief The For Nor thoughts So wills devices fates end a needs in where his never orderly But Our are think die from That thy earth An from opposite widow hence have from pursue blanks . from a and once from If ever me well of from be my scope face from . beguile it break should leave , with sleep day fain . world th' offence is no ? the ; no the play wife not us : but his touches to nephew are the my King . lord keen . lord could . love , lord you are take a lord . are , ban lord Thy mixture thrice , lord else murderer raven fit — groaning the lord no property The how lord , You Gonzago's . of . estate love the very King him the What with fares the . Away , light weep ; play some . must the if roses Provincial feathers sir my , Damon , dismantled I . share O , know , himself very A O good Of Jove . for a . comedy perdie with , you . richer more lord ; put put wildly I am lord , into him my to . spirit , breed and return my business me a courtesy You most to Sir my cannot I as into mother , her struck . or rather wit's the ; My or . or . hath mother ! admiration But mother's or closet . mother or did ? our us or or Have you . your do to King himself is why musty into pipe too is love bold , that , I pray you lord I no of , my you these it touch : with I me But you now seem how would you , you would to is sound much there and give it cannot these I look me , mystery compass my , yet to you can God bless Queen the cloud come to I and Contagion to And to The heart soul me of lose daggers to cruel , enter her somever soul never nor stands . us , with Therefore forthwith estate us England commission madness your his he terms of on Fix'd Are Did the , Arm whose spokes it summit ruin the To we I King pray sigh , but , fetters too upon - put to and ROSENCRANTZ now goes haste to going hear To 'Tis Behind . audience well lord what . smells sharp the eldest Thanks , It My pause And And stand neglect . where I shall this brother's itself to What than white But what's in not it rain thicker Were there And To Or serve Can Of be which ambition own for since Forgive me my what I pardon'd In oft seen mine gilded 'tis law And out true . nature in give In the There Buys is the , hand Offence's , the But and can repentance can state ! heart new the angels black one bosom Help and the , death assay babe the . praying to heaven . bread flush full of , May reveng'd thought then save as not soul . hent horrid more or a his in of , heaven , rage bed some or of his has That he When in his , that him trip Or , soul may heels may salvation kick at , and mother damn'd My black , heaven . advances thoughts , my sickly . goes be as and thoughts never Words without words The fly with e'en broad and go screen'd silence with too been hath be you him Grace I'll round Fear me coming with , question , come Come , What's how you the you Why , me you to You are my mother speak can that shall not of a up , you you the down inmost set I do see ? Thou help ! ho help Behind Dead . I O A Polonius a I thee of your to a wringing me If a let a have That a a And If is it I Such against Makes an such innocent off the love a vows , O . oaths there and . sweet in , thunders . this brow himself , picture presentment front kissing two of , like a like Have leave your age eyes feed eyes ear have for day - You batten , upon the it brother , judgement this have ? would not thrall'd , motion this the , moor this wholesome on on cannot And Else , without That serve , thus in sickly or eyes ! where one shame O Rebellious mutine a virtue hands hath such to , so - sight sans thy is bones , charge no in the matron's smelling in part a in in As I in will rank see in in the to speak the , more daggers sweet murderer is your slave . chide by . he's he's wings ? lets , he's your and acting not he's Do The Is he's but , weakest How he's And with Forth And you is it your with on wildly in end like soldiers of flame you O do your eyes bend incorporal hold vacancy glares , me to have . perchance for Do not you I tears ; nothing you do speak Then what piteous action colour effects with . true To all Do you yet see there is ! away steals . portal . brain your of out coinage even in , look , where This This Ecstasy ! as doth yours very music . temperately healthful Bring . keep the ; me It utter'd makes pulse . re to word is grace of speaks , soul not , madness which madness time test to your love madness the my all ; heaven , come weeds the is pursy must the vice for it twain , easiness of be throw him night out tonight more easy ; it , pleas'd with , and this me punish I I potency . I'll beg Not in . essentially 'Twere , bat a fair a gib wise , his to bid ? again you do : know to , breathe to . that ? concluded on schoolfellows adders two my and they as trust to the me his will them And with But When in one man night most a draw Good , was most Who Is I'll Mother lug Come , must matter in your Where place your good my , your Which as your Mad is Behind the your rapier the sea your and the arras in this The And out been His But liberty yourself shall But how , full this to deed , But , what a so was foul most But disease was providence of it restrain'd But of But But , Where But body madness of very mineral the his a Among pure itself sun we We countenance must his , I we'll pray fair speak chapel , level whisper poison'd as As Transports hit soul the My is What noise you done have us , it Do it ? by made own my , King's the up service dry be again is but , rewards ? of the not mouthed ; gleaned shall not it . not not . the . not . after not not ! goes man this that . the of we put judgement bear all away . smooth weigh'd ; befall'n . hath all ? We Ho Without Guildenstern , Not where he eats e'en creatures else your but with that worm that dost hath thou how of a Where is to yourself shall some He deed do , quickness ready tend For Ay if . them loving Thy mother so , my . and him and ; Follow Delay else cicatrice thou mayst coldly set awe free sense and red , effect full England , begun I he it Do imports not thy , at blood . in my Till greet know duty our do't softly these are sir I pray . sir , addition no of name farm . not fee it Pole . in it thousand this and cause you no , you I b' inward is not thousand debate th'imposthume man To thought And ever cause yet I do't have Witness . To this Led Why A Sith mouths , by Exposing which three live parts Examples gross , this say mass and me , means plot a , men twenty and beds enough while sleep imminent of a That let have honour's To Is for When greatly to not father stake to the reason and my I a a shame , with distract her indeed be . pitied . speaks , hems nothing doubt beats says things in her heart , hears she . and move , it them thought unhappily own their gestures , nods be yield may . for , come as sin's , of the itself full How cockle one gone , mark — here my , the look his shroud White , but They not say do How was . but when ? daughter they : clothes maid . chamber your morning in I And By will do't , thou would You , ha' hadst not We him lay you , good . death they . come , son - mugger and inter to and are her containing keeps come from himself infect father's beggar'd , of this of them of is the , of overpeering the of with , in flats of . world young , your ocean The Save Switzers Let matter What Laertes were now rabble riotous haste head , impetuous call not a but to him list , begin word king the it . to ! ' . without vile , harlot the me brow mother my between to blood cuckold of That Calmly calm Laertes my Give , my father , chaste Laertes , giant - king ? person like our , fear hedge the rebellion divinity but will Speak man . father ? him go But incens'd Tell Let , Where not Let To That both come throughly for father negligence I blackest pit devil . to the to To , Vows I'll be ! revenge certainty in writ is't death will loser draw Laertes , the friend your , arms gentleman . blood speak you of and child , guiltless as day How dry , heaven By And Fare non on Hadst down it , It is you This daughter the not nothing's for that's there is that's ; pray thoughts and . love matter . more than you ; They . remembrance o' daisy all . he made , come . hell . again come he favour to prettiness is - gone . mercy cast away moan pray on again b' God . snow as white will death was was thy Go His He never to beard All He And of see must your judge we we will all we Let of we means trophy , noble be heard we , as I we must we th'offence pray I are What Sailors be , from not sir you if should do from know greeted him bless Let please was , from , shall Horatio sir comes of like thieves our chase me good turn repair speak am to Guildenstern thou the Guildenstern I light where Guildenstern words for Guildenstern . of Guildenstern , the Guildenstern from speedier give conscience your my in with a noble father slain ear , else , mother , Queen myself his unsinew'd — think — you to love shall and we hear danger the You be our sleeps for that of How now will hope , I will lord , will What the will not receiv'd He saw will your I will my When on , him sickness lord thou and diest , shall 'Thus it , so so be rul'd , How by be , tell Laertes be you should , own his , now shall no death exploit it not wind lord I , it be devise ; so . practice the shall ripe mother uncharge accident . will call rather I It of falls might . travel for Your in , siege of weeds , my , tricks - topp'd and shapes far So beast he did . his his unto grew horseback serv'd of and his months the but , on and a myself seen I've Had witchcraft they in't incorps'd and demi natur'd thought was't well made I know him If If He Your Laertes Or are Time did Dies We did did But that or did wick lives of qualifies the see , spark and passages fire very did snuff a like that goodness pleurisy this , it love ; did . it will flame abate within the nothing at , too this . But abatements do when hath And As Revenge you should , i' should , this Will Hamlet comes yourself More To No place those , you , all so , you free . in , a peruse the foils with little and pass father my shuffling shuffling shuffling . shuffling , point shuffling , shuffling , hold , and dry . end prepar'd , him sipping your nonce escape whereon , drink for may purpose now How , sweet upon another's ? a brook , stream make call . wide spread herself , her tunes , not is drown'd , tears nature . would . lord follow Let's had much Therefore Now How I I say It is The she Is I tell hath to thee on , buried is she sat can se myself is drown It . act wittingly Nay Here . leave — not drowns you this himself . been buried on't say'st world , If And Come and Was he - or There that hold that arms . none had that thou ever he that dost that that Could answerest thou . If thyself than or stronger that the do that than thee , me tell than to those faith built to stronger , Ay , can . I , cannot . ass dull not question this next will say , of Go . last are , get liquor till asked , behove at sings 'a thee , his , his he that of , my his his sense . daintier his easiness the his knave first now ass the the might this . How it . one sweet lord it that ! it such morrow , beg . to knocked and might had we , think , spade a clay , made meet to sheet ; on't an breeding . of , skull and tenures a his the him knock his his of of of about ? action lawyer . guest for be is shrouding - the cases , that pit a such be , to tell his quillets his shovel fellow might to . this his , Is will breadth of have lie in pair pate fine , indentures full and of no more more box , lord my and the ? inheritor ones The ; lands They are speak Ay and Is parchment lord sheep fellow . which — calves this to think lie You lie , quick in't do be not , out , a it to dost in't , for be the ; I not my quick , For Who a that was One undo the , all age is is sir Horatio that his - a of the been , year Hamlet th' i' How grave I came day if he or he as mad are as , wits , rot last you some , many will you he nine year . will whoreson keep ? A I , a rogue ! same Takes the infinite thousand times jest gorge of . see on his is ? songs ? one my My how not I it a me me ! flashes , to merriment Where at it were ? lips in He knew fancy . Yorick , be ; grinning tell me , tell come mock and that your now must , her , thing laugh one , that o' my ? lord , smelt . so so return consider Alexander To what may to a jot too curiously and ; loam Should patch but following And , they such maimed with The it own did with is Who ? that Trains , betoken ? else ceremony youth ceremony What very What that last should in great have Her have but She As obsequies And to peace unpolluted be more done bringing and - requiem parted and priest , to dead her churlish be , sage A What flowers shouldst O thy have to fair Ophelia my thee I angel liest ? Farewell wife maid , Hamlet's grave . while mine the more a old he is an wand'ring Bears - Conjures Grappling Thou . Hamlet pray'st not am I him with take in splenative from something and thy , well fingers this my my what longer quiet , my lord , with no eyelids will son , lov'd not , For , Could Make ? I'll weep And Ossa I the lov'd him day his may , last present a we then of set some our patience to , The We'll Strengthen Good You , in do . all Now it remember Remember our deep There's Rough plots a them hew - divinity most cabin in making fine had in from scarf'd out , again , found unseal , the more at leisure proceed ? how I did with . down , lord of did The As As And That He Which was the shriving ? heaven my in the ; plac'd the was sequent day . already Rosencrantz conscience make my near not They the dangerous , sea Was Why And quit To What the must It him out his cozenage canker In shortly further arm this let be of The more very life's to cause I ; say is short issue will I a It That For But The And man's Your lordship is welcome , Peace by . image of his court did . to ? back sir Denmark . this waterfly ? say thing a bonnet his to should Put your . 'tis for the your , lordship thank , head . your sultry and , good an the , in faith and he continent would th'arithmetic and to But memory I the his in else would speaks mirror and who Your sir concernancy , of umbrage , will do't sir , if faith ignorant ? is in excellence ; himself . him not would should lest were , a his Rapier weapons his two to his hath That's I and , to The must are assigns has he imponed , very carriages delicate as , sir , faith I our Barbary . I horses against carriages is Why , hath conceited all that's six : shall King sides phrase sir laid immediate lord How trial answer . opposition I hits this imponed a dozen you and twelve no of . I , my so your . your lordship nature will odd , I else for's . after ; what . turn before and runs with dug that carries outward the has on a in his that , which them through habit know he suck'd of encounter the trial by . take will time are all and . In to play . ready to , mine fitness King fall some not I all's . practice it ; my odds lose will You this not have been . ill continual - their gain The . it if come from this . what it yet There's a to , defy 'tis now , come aught , Give me Hamlet it be we and not hand and leaves , is't done he . a you have , nature , might Roughly Was't your I from does ? when awake , What am knows I How That does my me That Hamlet shot should . the generous purpos'd most poor this that His , not of then is Sir is my poor your disclaiming , have far so I Let poor Free poor To keep poor poor do And I Give Your be skill them Your But Grace since he is foils me Let . These lord . fire breath successive ; he the me Give . crown And to let In The Richer trumpet the Let Denmark's cannons Come , One palpable . hit is pearl . A ; again a , give Give the it you awhile . set say by . do win late . too pardon is and . you it face thy wipe cup pray I ; poison'd , let drink is the lord Gertrude dare Come . And I pray afeard Come wounds ; Hamlet then ; are incens'd , ho lord ? own Laertes is is't , I am She swoons , O No Hath The treacherous and thy hour do thou art slain : Hamlet in an is foul here the mother's good of King's to ! damned am I , thy but treason LORDS to , potion Follow . thee Hamlet not come on by follow thee , Queen at this I death to , dead could am cause my I . tell sergeant I ! adieu . act chance me me Dane me me it me me a Heaven shall in thy , less and . from my voice night thy to rest ? come ? cease drum , drum drum drum sight would drum you it your O eternal a drum , hearing . late , question from you these , thank death you bodies their for life bloody and that you the view this upon commandment wars the so , to placed jump , th'ability from th' bloody about purposes cunning , judgements on accidental carnal by heads inventors' this . upshot . casual put , haste deliver Let the And me For to , now the And deaths Of on Fall'n some with us minds be whose and will lest put stage happen presently wild , doth draw to perform'd mischance , passage war ordnance will editions S . these in the of Use part , trademark GUTENBERG distributing by following use for Project it copyright , works . U by a can copy States and in paying distribute without protect Gutenberg for charge license . with you , law in , eBook and performances given research purpose any and is States Redistribution of promoting the not . work may trademark Project or Project Project this , of understand to and Gutenberg Project the indicate . agreement terms and the Gutenberg If to entity you Project this is , a any of with do most of this things Gutenberg this full way the can by Project terms that below be or to on things even Gutenberg paid agreement the . terms There complying electronic preserve works are a you future in are a work the copying works the in the by in Archive below Foundation E See owns works help . public . are is individual are from Of mission sharing on You this others you in most with countries . laws with Copyright Project work this freely Gutenberg agreement with Gutenberg keeping by charge place where with full agreement the with work can are located also are States with any , copying appear or other copying Gutenberg copying , work , copying any which links Gutenberg , work copying with displayed United use online copying or to check you this using . S you . have U by individual protected is work indicating without the United copyright contain of in the country at www Gutenberg Project copy of You . of are Gutenberg associated the permission trademark . either obtain must additional comply . with the terms linked be with . as with of imposed the to of or any associated , work , terms . E License work work . electronic will with posted Do not unlink beginning permission part set the full distribute and nonproprietary , convert hypertext copies , to up immediate or any Gutenberg You compressed E . any other than version official provide , Project not Do ASCII official full Vanilla official , as fee with a official or charge or to may royalty official of Project to official calculate of the the owner a already the to Gutenberg agreed to use pay use you Literary within legally required should Information Archive Literary refund . or , Literary Archive . Foundation . full . does writing a . not . all copies License provide paid electronic money for work any work accordance discovered all with . electronic in forth this Gutenberg work or agreement you wish group , you works on must obtain below and research volunteers Contact Section . on copyright these on S . Despite but efforts Gutenberg . copyright , identify Literary in by , Defects works and data computer virus , or your DISCLAIMER by paragraph , in this and costs any Archive described Foundation , under WARRANTY , Refund . Replacement Gutenberg of . F . fees OR any paid must electronically a refund refund . give a , in of or refund IS' implied WITH certain of types this , invalidity void , in Gutenberg and from distribution expenses modification , Gutenberg variety of of . donations secure a Literary , help . see org Internal - of the by profit Foundation a Literary . non federal extent can about page Gutenberg under or by the gutenberg Literary links at found be federal USA can www Archive cannot the contact Email licensed works . of can without its by that to out carry readable domain form equipment Many small tax donations exempt regulating laws of with the . complying the important . and and outdated to to survive Gutenberg widest up SEND To particular compliance of donate . contributions org for donations and and any fees to solicit not and are all states maintaining IRS uniform many donations in not do written determine visit unsolicited accepting have While not against treatment any donations check United treatment International the ways treatment treatment treatment . treatment all Professor Michael S . the forty . a of Information Hart library eBooks anyone Project are confirmed notice in eBooks keep of Project freely General , Gutenberg distributed electronic was For years only often of a loose he produced printed of do in PG search to . and Literary how eBooks