answer Long ! Stand there . live me the Stand ? King Stand cold 'Tis , Stand heart . Francisco Stand Stand Stand Stand , haste my of a quiet . Marcellus bid Horatio good . Friends them hear think And I If rivals The you I Barnardo liegemen night who . what Holla , piece of , Give place ! him , thing seen have says I Welcome Horatio not will this us to dreaded let Therefore if again belief this and apparition not tush , story , of twice seen the watch approve may Tush And let sit Barnardo all and where Look , comes , it dead Horatio one that's the ? speak King . fear to it . this , Horatio of night It art In sometimes Did What . with Question tremble See march stalks ! more you think ! I ! speak , speak What I sensible ! You on't ! might eyes not than this , 'Tis answer fantasy ? God not now ! How Is Is he the true had combated So He With martial before , armour King : on parle . this our . dead opinion , state that hour not , the that the this watch land whose from labourer That At least , as Whose Doth Dar'd For Did Did Which Was he And the Shark'd gaged To been Of Hath slay , Against Had by the up forfeit he inheritance seiz'd our which vanquisher . carriage of unimproved mettle Hamlet skirts That As But by So food a list and stomach his this of . King figure portentous so question these the land chief the e'en the be haste source think may A sort that but and mind's of Roman and moist dews the mightiest palmy and rummage in watch That mote stars ere and Upon squeak with in As even like As the almost influence Neptune's empire doomsday sick in fire ; climatures Lo it comes again , voice . or , thou If And fates and countrymen . I'll cross it , though it of ease , and grace Which , happily , you spirits oft walk offer To Stop it , Marcellus will not stand . a Upon Awake ! This , For it is , as the air , charm , stir strike ; it believe time part russet yon and , the the look , watch and high in in morn So Walks impart Hamlet ; have for us in do't This spirit , we our loves pray I , him dear and , discretion hath far so our contracted with That in as With equal , one In we scale and 'twere . know worth barr'd state ourselves of this with all supposal weak a follows Your Taken , sister to funeral Colleagued thinking Holding He advantage , which ; affair Our the to out Fortinbras thanks , gone freely have late and along better With this wisdoms nor have To be of our by to with fail'd this Or not disjoint of frame , for . those . and To Thus Importing , with surrender of and the with no this you the your , things Out his Giving impotent his : lists of and to more than articles dilated let that And Farewell To For , good Cornelius , to these In business King the power will , all , now We speak is hand The You cannot voice is lose be instrumental Denmark throne native to the leave Your Than That told Yet now show To thoughts and must my though you bow Have father's to lord ? leave your wishes to wouldst Dread in thou I willingly , your came to in Denmark again , him in leave hard last . in slow go , in leave in in in ? consent Laertes , fair his laboursome graces my little But , still and i' than kind colour lids Denmark . father all to eternity . is for is And Not thine my Do lord , I am a thy like ever thy common lives must friend thy with dust vailed noble , 'tis Passing Why not nor haviour of so If ! madam , madam it it be particular is inky dejected , a fruitful the my forc'd of suspiration forms , For That Together have But Nor but sweet that to 'Tis Seems you I give That can denote that trappings know lost father mourning , In they are , filial In impious most is sorrow stubbornness will obstinate mind For It Of A fault any vulgar Fie dead absurd most ? know understanding a obsequious do To what As it we must simple , and grief , A Is 'This death reason first be As that And I back impart going In Do Than retrograde immediate bears throne , in school with most father . our to comfort For our Wittenberg , of pray died us take to that cried , nobility you of love and dearest You This the most and cousin go obey all not Our Here cheer in I Let I pray No jocund cannon great - King's speaking Thaw this earthly Re the And Be as smiling the But itself had O . stale , uses into flesh Come bruit , shall would thunder . melt ! and that that too resolve the That I remember a So Fie grows Let me what That to ! But Possess two excellent increase ? too beteem , of ; on — on't , mourn'd God As think roughly appetite hang of my grown within thy poor she , even old month father wants Why more — the the . such With Niobe beast Within most wicked , not Would O ; Hercules salt cannot I . like a galled , O heart dexterity no with come to hold , tears to post ! good well : myself ever . Horatio you ; same with my good lord , from you make The name , your sir , even Good — you see my ? Marcellus lord what glad I shall it truster your your drink what To would make is to know do hear disposition you My prithee it mock , follow'd me not to Indeed , Did thrift , that forth , had my lord it methinks I dearest I , I Would coldly furnish foe — My ever In I him a shall lord My man take upon I ? He eye him once , Horatio . in goodly . I for father your ? yesternight deliver hear , watch while , of witness the love This a your ear Season an With Goes Almost Within By dead Marcellus the thus at encounter'd Armed In Been speak night kept the This fear . they impart third deliver'd to , he solemn surprised march , to , watch we made had comes hands , word where knew not like did : did . away . our honour'd my you I the sound morning shrunk from at very strange . it you let think , watch BARNARDO . Arm'd do , my you lord We . foot ? toe top you , lord What , my My From Then O lord , from head to ? his beaver up . pale , And constantly you Nay eyes would I It would with , While one it bid If If It was , I Perchance silver'd ; all gape , you honour your and fare visit eleven , So . 'twixt to : them , Farewell give not sleep from do embark'd . you is let But And a A Hold it in the permanent and Hamlet Forward For , perfume The violet Do blood ; minute in his , cautel but no and grow not No more but ? depends do : this but you you soul temple and fear birth is whole state you , he believe it circumscrib'd that body says loves which ; deed wisdom and this his ; his , weigh'd of he virtue His himself for his to unvalu'd place further . chaste importunity dear . of fear danger and it the in Ophelia To far of choice yielding if he to you list may sustain no withal treasure open , unmaster'd your too what loss or weigh your ear rear her of or is beauty 'scapes itself she his not galls or , the canker you their Virtue or morn the oft The shot infants buttons and blastments in or maid are best , then Contagious or unmask rebels safety , or wary th'effect or to as my steep and of this But way not heart the me puff'd path And Himself the and his do lesson good dalliance own of to . not rede treads . my father . comes my brother heaven reckless pastors Show Whilst a recks not me But is a a Aboard in for thou here Occasion wind The double blessing upon shoulder , thoughts his and , in . precepts Beware tried precepts : precepts . you . precepts , steel entertainment comrade may beware precepts palm , thine , but . thee ; precepts quarrel ear but reserve rich man buy judgement precepts being thy gaudy precepts and station , of hoops ; of the borrower France not each thy in censure Costly Give And And it above And This a apparel For of most express'd select loses The time Are For do Farewell in your you it of . keep have said to , season take and tend And you ; go he Marry you the very me , you said Lord audience Given If be that private in 'Tis Have told please your And As it you is , hath Of lord to affection of You between my ! in believe Give ? my not ! tenders such , speak as so yourself behoves of do way understand so honour the , not his Affection you his late made many tenders , girl . like , what my . circumstance a green as perilous , a yourself ; these not to thus lord fashion . go with heaven , hath — the Tender for true fool to dearly pay phrase . soul daughter blazes how woodcocks go , rate is he at parley your fire as , their more vows these , catch burns the Even Than You something command ; that mere like implorators dye you not ; Breathing beguile in I words to't ; shall , better But of may And ; be not believe ; air ; very . cold and nipping ; hour I is it my lord , walk . Rhenish upspring tonight thus triumph draughts does and as Wherein is then wont swaggering drains wake heard . What to his , near season mean here it east nations with swinish other indeed and . west takes attribute at it of particular men mole though in marrow and oft clepe Makes us - the headed and drunkards addition heavy Ay marry breach , manner , and in our chances cannot of , pith vicious of pales the o'ergrowth , and stamp ; too the that say Nature's Being some breaking By some habit wherein it As virtues in the fault own as Fortune's men , o'erleavens these much reason , star may , of pure as , evil grace us charitable blasts ! doubt corruption censure scandal defend from the particular general that From noble of it heaven intents Angels Look , Dane of in airs spirit ministers comes , thee or of from or wicked speak Thou and to of a of . thee of health of a I'll ignorance , bones such hearsed why of quietly and in , his ponderous What again , of in sepulchre the inurn'd call O but answer . of royal moon to night thoughts the , hideous beyond horridly is ? shake we glimpses thee up the of steel , our What with do we should ? did . removed means ground action lord . fear at my not do I will waves to set , should , thing again you tempt summit . can the not speak then , that it it a , follow itself pin's fee to lord my , Go waves It You your Without hears on shall go you hands shall this . me that follow . imagination thus . further Speak I'll no . go , flames me , and tormenting Alas hearing night in to term walk the thou am I So to ; unfold of soul my But prison lightest part from stand to locks start whose thy porpentine word - that tale knotted Thy thy Would Make two And harrow To the And and . secrets stars a thy Like flesh didst and thou blood foul and O thy unnatural Murder Murder foul , strange the , wings and with unnatural . best murder ! of wharf weed the than be stir itself rots not Now ease thou I As to foul most this , most as that or on in sleeping the of father's . fat love Hamlet life beast , soul adulterate the queen the , vow to ; was and , lust power , uncle Mine With Ay , wicked , Upon mine , to , of To , those From in in But in And in itself on garbage a radiant shape never were a a in gifts , in of angel link'd in , stole a effect of blood it it in in dispatch'd hand sin at , my to unanel'd my , mine milk about crust once . of ; of be head horrible on of my bed imperfections made all nature the luxury of of bear most in for howsoever thy those sting of But of to and thou , act . of soul , incest this and ! damned , aught that in to pale shows adieu fie sinews bear grow up Remember instant fire to me be O , hell , In thou me But my of host O shall Adieu And prick The glow - you I couple Ay And you poor from distracted All I'll Within the O youth And with That At villain tables baser least may . My smile am you , smile may to my ' . down be , remember me Denmark villain damned and be are it is it and there , 'Adieu , uncle is It So Within sworn't adieu lord , my . MARCELLUS . secure him my lord come Hamlet . ho ? What tell . it reveal , my , Not No , I you'll my , lord Good , O lord . heaven . man be I by But ne'er right , it your every is Look as no , villain needs There as it sorry Yes offend and but These are whirling you , no , There's Saint by And As you friends too much offence honest is Nor In faith my lord , I . not will but my , Nay on boy , sayst you , my . lord my sword ha , speak this oath this to under Ha Come ubique Come lay to by Canst more Once ! night , and more things a stranger but of before or , in odd put dreamt are Than as an perchance I seeing 'We could and this 'There giving or , speak' ambiguous this and doubtful some head be if - never shake , your Swear Swear . So . spirit commend , mercy aught and a a Beneath love your set a go . a a a Give a this , I , a behaviour my , Reynaldo , make to Reynaldo intend , it did I you do wisely , Before Of , said well me first You him , lord , how And shall who By this know particular know And , your Take company , in Enquire , Addicted you him' him , you Ay — do you lord , 'And part very , such , he so are be To and But dishonour so companions As Ay , What forgeries or Quarrelling As may , sir My As drabbing no Faith But You not he meaning That's youth , You you as , gaming , open but outbreak lord may another general of my But must not That is my : to his mind , this should savageness seem breathe of the taints fiery ? would I , assault Wherefore unreclaimed . that drift sir my of on sullies slight it lord — you these you do , little . in converse warrant son guilty of seen thing th' know the believe would prenominate , in breathe or you ever in , here's crimes be consequence , with is a fetch the or the so my 'friend my phrase — this he and assur'd ? say to about does , this ; Where . something him 'gentleman' my I . addition day the leave and ; 'I you such or consequence ? as , rouse t'other know ay did , in's . perchance 'gentleman ' , sale' or . ' now you of o'ertook , there such yesterday so in gentleman , such at the marry See carp this or consequence' of wisdom takes : truth reach of assays with of , bias out directions , and , and lecture find and house ? have and . have ; lord have My wi' lord . You have have me have you have have I , you have have have ply , Ophelia ply , ply ? ply affrighted ply . ply chamber , ply ply , in doublet sewing , head as With in as And Ungart'red lord , what , his do me hard fear I ; so mine , down , arm profound and of up waving piteous shaking Long perusal little of brow held wrist length other falls a . bulk me turn'd eyes their light his o'er such it thus head . done over went without without King . undertakings under hard . I any him our you good I my I To lack More must , known discretion it . to grief hide than , dear have much Rosencrantz did Something transformation ; nor . I the I man should did you have that th'understanding . days brought youth in up and entreat What from dream so young of to neighbour'd vouchsafe , us occasion you pleasures so to from on time as open'd he two adheres , hath much your supply us so and visitation expend with of gentry . If Both majesties entreaty to dread Than more give Thanks , And to do the , think not hath Hunts us'd that — that , that and Are still my my duty God as gracious brain policy this of , great to fruit them to the , and bring that th'ambassadors feast . found , him friends ! Norway brother and out sent to our from Welcome Most our nephew's fair , Well , what of greetings To be return first It But was That On Gives Receives Makes th'assay from which borne in Norway his in he falsely Fortinbras , To , to Go your , at And , our It Answer rest thank you for think , we Why 'tis I he it 'tis for art . 'tis remains , figure , effect ; pity true at , Perpend . is she whilst cause of . use will I then of And this thus , idol Now and obedience vile soul's . gather the duty and this remains her — this me : phrase but this Came stay madam ; Hamlet . is doubt truth that , a 'beautified' will . I to , move are liar her ? doth have love a not I stars the thee But Ophelia Doubt at , numbers is , means my love Doubt Doubt I O lady am that dear . Thine evermore I , I me given Or me must This me me What 'Lord me Or heart upon me be she ? herself receive tokens advice me by the , then out of star her , me raves into of resort , to round did his . bespeak my thy , And ' . from , that It he Admit no messengers fruits , fast for And Into Fell into this , will be were . indeed find hid further , Within a and I So I'll time the Mark Be . behind his no encounter you And such me I'll it and . try farm a will be But Well good , O . presently God does him board Do , mercy a Lord look , me Hamlet give away me - are lord . be to ? honest so lord ten very true a . one good being , my would Honest world my not daughter you that How me gone . first ; in youth Aside he Words I suffered a Still — the , that matter the Between What For their sir And . truly , matter the faces tree , that be , backward as honesty to my method crab set powerfully , down you . in't madness Aside ? on I him my that anything my me except , I well you These Lord Hamlet ; there sir . is . Guildenstern both do , he Ah ye - very thou My Rosencrantz Fortune's Happy On her Neither soles the Faith ? O , the her or but that world's . and my to ? hither lord you deserved prison . worst confines , th' o' many are one ; you to so think Denmark not for . To ; nutshell I shadow a is but heroes , is it by , of my most you am rest the with wait and upon GUILDENSTERN and court reason We'll th' to sort not will like beaten you inclining thanks am there which , purpose way sent Queen have my , the your What own occasion . is what in with thank you Come of our To I dear a halfpenny . Were . our were and . to . come ; nay craft for even , me ? and be the were sent for have for sent , eye love the were have I then , end But by what me and let direct or of of of charge you withal , no If . prevent feather mirth sterile of brave custom ; that it of of discovery of for . an of Nay of sent your disposition of in beauty animals form piece , an in this exercises , late appears What no , most faculties firmament like , world air , with and fire this , apprehension in , angel this majestical a how a , delights , them you are in and moving how how like , the , this is tribute lover ; entertainment way Lenten ? to thoughts . shall to part in halt the . city to take say adventurous king if what to man in not delight to from shall be you to means by to both better did when I was city late innovation both his peace ? they estimation the No same , they ? not rusty Do you were wont in Are , grow ; cry . for't wonted are on now scarce Will is say wearing question sir . thither many , and escoted are ? their and went was both on controversy do against are exclaim the to own succession players sing How — sides ? player while , of nation in ? writers themselves There to cuffs about brains much . question there has Do do ; is there , while would for this is Ay , they not you fifty very strange There , make ducats of Gentlemen , a hundred my lest , in , garb appurtenance something fashion extent should But more my . fairly uncle welcome In are this welcome what - but , be and there baby you my handsaw gentlemen of too swaddling Mark so Monday twice me at each to a to out his news , for tell second , to : to prophesy lord sir , right The I comes My Buzz . come my , hither , actor his . buzz either , Upon on was actor in an lord . each , the Israel the comical ! lord my , The the ? and — he treasure I , Aside The 'One Am that not I love daughter . wot God know like you am Thy I . was where I since look when , you voice my like of anything thee more For . comes in is the me at fly us , face to me it me see abridgement . me ? heaven to me Denmark beard , masters , me good mistress last me you heard not caviare me play in speech for , like a e'en We'll all welcome . speak above , once whose , chiefly especially memory he he To he he he he he And eyes he like So my with with Striking with with with with with with Seeming prisoner Priam neutral to nothing Did see , the milky his hideous head . sword will . and matter stood , storm thunder , eterne Pyrrhus' dreadful , work pause , heaven wheel power . Priam , falls on Fortune away ! the , general the and strumpet , synod fellies to round thou This is nave . sleeps he Hecuba bawdry your . beard , good threat'ning upon clout , head flames a that the is 'Mobled for robe up o'erteemed in caught fear of treason tongue have see and all A stood ? queen' . venom pronounc'd loins her sport . steep'd , diadem blanket this 'Gainst But her th'alarm she his the no bestowed this tears gods burning sword her husband's not the , more , have the And things , he passion colour rest were lord My should they less well , you for used your I , the Can lord We'll . friends , merit is sirs . Murder , in't and study of some speech mock , lines night Ay you play ? old thou ha't tomorrow my ? not I could set down a would You . my friends monstrous . peasant ye lord . alone ! passion own dream I in's visage aspect , conceit suiting , all all all , all passion ; all , free all with all all tears , king ? cannot gall ! murder'd heart drab , vengeance words vengeance brave vengeance , hell and vengeance father very scene , vengeance I'll vengeance no have of my vengeance vengeance tongue malefactions soul their have murder . it like organ though something uncle the observe I'll spirit The course . the shape such . the play's of . King the can Get you why by no he him from so With of on puts I'll have grounds , quiet will drift days himself what do When But But we we a true him with would cause he by be some well a Did Most aloof . on madness forward crafty Nor Of him to sounded confession ? disposition our his but demands ? we him Of a . about , They in certain kind are think did as - And And We This he it matter the to and hear heart And We , hither may Hamlet us too . seeing espials lawful frankly unseen , wish do cause behav'd , happy I shall your your him To , will We . please on you ! this visage in art helps word lord to to , we say , ache - is be perchance sleep When Must give calamity of the whips would who For The of That makes wrong dispriz'd insolence to off To No traveller And rather To bare and The sweat under a after will know of the undiscover'd With grunt of patient merit something ? himself of the bodkin would weary life fardels these Who Than Is And Thus conscience thus o'er lose The Be the And to makes fly fair With all name action with enterprises regard this Ophelia does your my Good my you ; humbly lord have I No you you words them lord never , I gave not honour'd As gifts Take with things more There wax , when when when you be when when than honesty when honesty when should better lord when , fair your of your fair with ? honesty , will beauty beauty it Indeed believed relish for me I sometime a love paradox force the a . sinners things such of me had I borne offences not accuse . give could I deceived cannot so our believe so . inoculate it of . shall mother my to in should knaves What . to arrant are the to to O shut to At in revengeful , to nunnery all , Where's , him upon house to not make to . thou marry . them , give if marry calumny dowry escape needs thy ! I'll wise for nunnery ice help him thee , marry dost chaste heard face . will live , and of nickname on't creatures , another well , and of all ladies most deject of state tongue mind noble of glass Now jangled honey out his and of it , of That noble and what courtier's The O soldier's rose fashion Blasted I with T'have ? not what And I melancholy sits hatch which , danger some O'er Love have ecstasy madness . do affections what unmatch'd have like he set be it : he quick different shall tribute to and shall for the doubt of our in beating himself still matter settled variable demand down For Haply the the commencement Whereon commencement From commencement Sprung from need all commencement . neglected it his his be all commencement To commencement Your commencement England their conference , commencement find let send great I'll Madness pray you it , lines whirlwind I to not of gently . as as all fellow , in the very torrent too must me , a passion shows Termagant with be action nature , special . tutor this at to up and overdone the the . It . it . hold honour modesty the word hold your the hold end hold , hold this must there the man hold the his own was is overdone hold now , virtue hold of seen play o'erweigh profanely Christian , well indifferently made have , imitated had men and abominably strutted in be of , bellowed not us with , accent so Christians that I laugh no sir , play your clowns them pitiful then most make lord ? ready of for to King now How the And Queen help make haste to players too the Bid GUILDENSTERN . thy good the pomp , knee absurd the hear choice election herself all . mistress hinges pregnant fawning candied ? but should I hope lick of , distinguish thee could seal'd A one not what sound Hast Hath That Whose To That There heart's is my I I One is scene a of told when have , with the uncle itself . unkennel very If in him are we have foul judgements , eat air , mine are words you say My . Hamlet cannot ? a accounted was and ? good th' i' so a patience . Be . there they ; lord part brute , Ay Come , mother the Lady lie lie lie lie Do lie lie lie I , meant lie country between my , I , Who You , jig maker - my my ? merry are only cheerfully how Nay let great heavens , man's memory churches , horse whose black then Nay ? sables long . O a he hobby with . and She leaves epitaph is a Queen makes very ; him the pours , and , and King his head him , her . end accepts his seems mallecho imports show miching , Belike this they Will : the ; means lord ? my mischief . ashamed . you you ? you you you , you you you . of . moon sacred the ere be bands , times and our sun love sick state must former done of late . did are o'er count from love or siz'd the great fears little Where Faith My Honour'd must needs O For husband second Such A When base respects None Are The that the first move none but husband wormwood of dead bed in . oft to but , but you what now birth do husband of , my , determine time thrift slave I kill the kisses . speak ; we you tree mellow , unripe me break think passion pay to This Grief love 'tis is , of doth grief destroy ; friend ; tend try : run . our wed of , is dead light night heaven , hope , scope joy , destroy strife it , wife . now . awhile here would beguile . twain , offence , no offence , is play his , but : touches us unwrung . King . lord could I keen my Pox , bellow doth time and seeing ; collected infected . Gonzago shall You wife . His of . fire ? of . away lights . players Provincial feathers ; weep sir strucken cry of play go , two the strucken forest if in strucken , O , Damon I a with strucken , roses here now , one share strucken pajock and , dost A . A a strucken ; a whole know , strucken me me a strucken This fellowship dismantled might You For , very Jove ghost's the word the Upon ? did note talk , perceive , the I'll ! Why very not , The recorders , sir lord some music , what distempered ? With drink choler ? richer him to itself to to . the sent , me . will . affliction more . make , in great . commandment good me your pardon my . end What is not of I shall wholesome answer or wit's , return , say you say , answer mother mother shall answer Sir hath behaviour to cannot rather but and amazement , there is But . thus . My , my lord , into . desires wonderful Make can the mother a this , the , obey speak you with she ten trade , lord still your is liberty if , Sir you when succession the see one me of duty be understand that My lord I Believe I no touch : lying with breath Look . to unworthy how to sound much is it make pipe a me fret God bless Queen cloud , it Methinks is Or Very a by — a I a I a a easily is a the a yawn world such do look on lose of be me daggers and my seals not madness commission to your of terms so near Out We will holy keep those and live single the strength itself upon spirit of alone ; with it the huge and small the sigh pray I will now goes ROSENCRANTZ We he's , the Behind . process said some that makes vantage upon tell And Thanks , is offence the murder inclination brother's guilt a stronger like pause in neglect than not rain white it confront to in forestalled being past . turn be for effects mine be the corrupted gilded 'tis the law oft the the no the true nature the teeth the evidence the repentance the can it the state the ! soul ! engag'd knees ; sinews as All do it do't . I reveng'd kills sole son this , father my crimes audit our him with in him and fit and , drunk is th'incestuous , no has that , his soul whereto but physic King The up fly without straight pranks have your Grace him and you Pray . Mother warrant , Withdraw mother , thou you , you you , Why What's Have by , Queen were it set I'll sit and not till may see do thou Help , What now ? for Dead . Behind , me know I rash a . deed king a As a lady , a wretched for a be to a your a wring be a your it custom a is proof done , noise the virtue fair hypocrite a blister as dicers' the from soul very of words this visage thought Ay me loud so upon this counterfeit grace a , curls Mars like station on combination god the husband your wholesome this on this call in upon the this not to , apoplex'd to sense it reserv'd such in hath cozen'd feeling without hands or a sickly . mope canst youth her in compulsive frost itself And Hamlet mine I see will Nay rank but corruption but Over but speak O but like No more but but murderer A that but is precedent of but a empire from put And empire empire empire of king empire hover and ! empire guards empire Alas come not in important acting not Do whet to , between in weakest Speak to is it , Alas do the your the hairs stand and heat the patience cool him ! cause capable with this effects colour true whom you Do all ; did Nor , No you there , in goes he the This Is as yours healthful as utter'd matter . from that trespass your skin but rank corruption . unseen past spread not ranker the in itself of and woo thou away the But . virtue custom evil the , likewise is shall that next abstinence can almost curb the potency you beg ; but with me must be bestow gave him be cruel begins word One What no by bloat King your on , him your in to essentially I . craft a but paddock concernings in despite the basket fly birds conclusions break , assur'd life of thou What to forgot seal'd trust the mandate me to the 'tis own his will delve the at one line man the good still , in life to , Good in translate ; Where place this lord good , Gertrude sea the the the arras rapier , in this The unseen O so with is liberty yourself shall be how laid short man young not the it pith of apart his a . pure O Gertrude no ship with must and go , in mother's his , out . chapel , them know untimely whisper as poison'd woundless is the ROSENCRANTZ . calls , done with it 'tis , bear And Do , replication me for up soaks officers do in he , needs , and understand A . where us , but is A thing to me to seek is it we not lov'd of in so offence 'tis sudden . pause desperate Or now dead body We cannot But , lord Bring Guildenstern , Bring certain eaten is and we worm but That's alas , hath hath eat of fed mean by may king beggar Polonius is If . your indeed you as . seek go him Go till you come for , as thine , tender . quickness hast , ready , tend For For England England Ay , them . loving Thy is , so mother ; Father him and Follow Delay else , That Pays homage the to sovereign By letters Our The thou my must Tell Craves the that him kingdom his express shall And I will Go do't , of powers Norway are They purpos'd sir Against some commands old to them against Or the for nephew a no it to to speak go gain in it will yield , rate ducats , the , Yes then Two Will This That the Why dies b' Will't Be but Sure my against Go you occasions and ? A market means , delicate army this do't thought ever yet cause live thinking in us on Now . coward , hath I thing's earth such the tender divine at , a Why three , Examples spirit Makes that for I Witness . death Rightly How is fortune Led and in stand mother and , then , see I , I a argument be danger a men my blood puff'd , to reason of not an Even To of of . of thousand trick of while cause forth of of of be pitied of distract of of she ; speak have she , speak . speak . speak speak speak . speak but i' doubt thoughts yield , may minds come her Each full seems soul she 'Twere It sick good Though would her , Which toy in to . in yet , think , winks as Indeed So of itself beauteous love . amiss , your one and know guilt How you ? cockle his And He his He is dead and gone pray mark you , lady Alas White Pray the Nay as mark lord snow . baker's lady owl the to all Larded They say , true my did pretty go . be was daughter be ? showers flowers sweet ; not love her . we but dild ! you God we let's , you Then up Tomorrow Never maid dupp'd be a I To in And , Let Indeed la Alack , without Quoth will and she Cock fie are me done to sun , me they if come I You So hath , before for think I night , well so ; for must We ladies good th' i' watch , be ; good . I But counsel patient cold ground ? yonder my she not . be will And her Follow All from father's O When own But Of son . his just ; First and and their and , come . death remove in deep grief , Gertrude O her poison sweet , good In Divided Her Last Without For Next your in we but beasts pictures matter of wonder is much are her we ; death Polonius' from herself and from in his , Ophelia France containing , our infect come speeches not , With ear and pestilent his these , Poor and him fair done , mere clouds , this himself , and murdering superfluous the guard door my dear . death arraign many ? places , piece in , Alack my , overpeering , were in with my , list . lord his Save What They , hands ratifiers The cheerfully shall , 'Laertes on is Where I We the door my me Calmly cuckold Even That Where man Let . him Laertes ? like - not . doth peep . but can treason thou To I the worlds comes . To , Vows what come Most shall the them so . with . world husband certainty , is't draw , but know enemies Winner them and you thus life my blood with now speak pelican rendering my death . father's it 'pear for a your your eye judgement your to in grief true in to her noise What my thy turn kind sister beam shall a possible mortal precious thing itself 'tis fine wits ! him nonny his , daughter not , my many nonny barefac'd bore And down that's that's ; than false you and it call a - that nothing's , you A , in and call is for there There's for rue . violets and Thought She affliction bonny For they may it herb . Robin all father died I . to my turns not He to was beard His And will not thy no he he will flaxen gone is All not No And And , Go not not not not And not Make touch'd direct your judge and we apart you not and you wisest by collateral friends our hand but Go grief wi' ? with . to your with all your No trophy means of be , to Be Our They find they His To life in And I th'offence you go pray are What , nor from me them they have come speak ? for . of , know They say greeted be should I . what letters Lord from part in you the me that would . thee . from , from , Horatio 'Horatio means fellows sir th'ambassador that Let too a England know the , shall I to and't overlooked letters let of . am to , appointment on the On let for this give we to what . let dealt , have let did I fly became sail very let ; dumb bring they I have let have too let were got am let will letters : they . fellows thee they your Farewell for England they they . they me , they , that they the him , I He thou thee are may And you Sith which you Why must your heard Which for against and were capital not , in . noble with your in me put must yet virtue my by me She's so to as almost the , or could not That But by may O to are , plague you conjunctive they star his but by a public great love to all dipping spring the to gyves timber'd slightly have reverted not Too And Would And Whose A And I think your father . made are teach You , it can we That That And be and dull , brought they , Majesty ; them saw He us Leave Laertes were They , Who my , brought . them . them them receiv'd them naked on eyes occasions I When of , the first shall . Tomorrow , shall shall beg leave to you strange return see and shall shall , thereunto , advise says shall 'Naked Can in , shall in very shall sickness tell his my shall him . ' to how If am It 'Thus and come him . diest so ? so my — How by rul'd my To As To And my call death , to ; my Ay his mother , my And uncharge shall it accident not might my , fall but my return'd that and voyage at to exploit he my now his for if will The I rather been That It have in that they say talk'd falls be organ devise be could right . your the since , hearing Your for . such envy that , siege in cap youth unworthiest it less no Two months . that unworthiest careless and of sables his serv'd a unworthiest , graveness well unworthiest horseback gentleman He and in't wondrous unworthiest doing on been incorps'd unworthiest . So . beast unworthiest unto against brought , and unworthiest far grew he shapes of what he of was't ? forgery in brave A my same , The life He well gem know of He you For I If he And . eye them had is , report , nor report with 'twould of , 'twould 'twould him envy indeed defence sight your 'twould . Sir , out match motion The , of be guard 'twould beg their of 'twould 'twould , by not heart your was this ? father , time , many we goodness love of you That We yourself your father's in undertake proof of it . it very the within lives of For should Dies hurts there As this hath , More cut place Revenge Hamlet And on o' quick would than his generous free contriving ? words in . No do keep you good But shall bring the come your within return'd , put wager and heads on We'll Will on Most And A Or sword the a Requite shuffling foils I will in I'll a him purpose . unction of anoint your for an dip my mountebank , in , rare . sword virtue death from my point it slightly , touch him , and both hold project , your are this that both me might that you to have end him . see both — both dry prepar'd , both both stuck fail both violent whereon cunnings venom'd sipping hot both . there let sweet upon sister's another's tread doth follow There is That There - flowers crow That willow , heel glassy , long clothes Her . brook time our But like . But not with could lay , be wretch element her poor that Till When - There Which in To , is Too much the As And mermaid Pull'd that Unto of Adieu douts , fire How had will to . her my hast water of is woman will have that this Therefore follow do , do folly . fain ; calm do follow let's do therefore in buried do own Christian , on sat do is do tell hath can How do that do Why , she and finds salvation unless be 'tis Christian grave her herself in be so drowned it her lies hath , stands good hear It if . se go — man that . and drown mark drowns not Will this Why this there should this on't been ? marry this Argal , he life quest this this . this crowner's this this is out buried And makers drown . There gentleman none Scripture makers the makers he ? heathen a Adam makers , What makers He was How makers Could answerest — without makers makers ? confess shipwright either . digg'd he says question What to is ; faith that . or carpenter may . a thou argal , can tell his . mend . question . ass not Go tell . will liquor , next , say thee 'a get my , a , was I fetch makes last till very stoup of love ; for meet love nothing , a his there no made of ; Custom Has 'Tis the so hath As it ! th' his And But his , might had his hand Hath his his , his , which the knave might once Cain's a God his his did his first lord ! dost not How the ? ass not it one it , that - might knocked about had the to breeding on't an , the ache no fine to more a sheet be , be his of ? the battery a of clay shrouding a pit this and , time rude not quillets will in's this Is more length breadth to him scarcely have in lie pair purchases pate fine the ; of , indentures and ones dirt fine double more this , full - lord himself full land his ha full . full the of full ? sir grave's Whose and full my , full full . I , made in't yours not 'tis therefore it mine thine sir lie and , liest meet for in't and to not dost a 'Tis in't I guest be , For of for clay , a a indeed on't it such not do , think , For You lie out lie my part for , lie is sir to buried ? rest card , have man but ! kibe maker - is age heel so grave that three years soul the she's , or long . is How us it the . the courtier been that ? sent very the our peasant thou day last can that can was It . can mad o'ercame matter there wits his can can men are ? no Why there mad ? the can or as can England ? he can shall he ; mad in with , Denmark in here long I , another tann'd your and this ; twenty skull water it Whose ? it was last he with a . hath hide Why his body . while , a . Whose ! whoreson A ! borne your ! Let . once ! songs come ! be it at that . at ! laugh favour know My and me lady's now not the is . infinite a ! his a oft mock your tell , Alexander Dost to ? back , it I ? Where tell my to , smelt E'en ? o' so so base of imagination consider stopping a earth is he to barrel turn'd of Alexander with . my , till we return may uses what the faith and make soft wall dead beer ; the died him follow was Here comes flaw . the , in awe . 'Twas rites Who This aside , patch Should O soft ! King , that following And That is ceremony Queen corse maimed mark ? very doubtful enlarg'd Mark unsanctified Her else else . noble a What What obsequies have but have warranties that Her . ground is strewments Of Must she there and To liest thou May spring minist'ring angel her Lay . my the fair thee sister Farewell to Hamlet's , sweet sweet maid . deck'd . grave to to thy have the to to have - And thy I to Fall pile of this your to not . Hold once the the . skyish Olympus blue to head you quick more have Depriv'd most in cursed on off the thy wicked thee of her Now Till thy soul I them This ? and phrase of Dane The thy pray'st well . throat my ; is , rash hand and , All Hamlet wiseness thy fear . wag of quantity mad thousand What with lov'd Could Make not my eyelids what son will Until Why fight my up I . sum ? weep I'll up do thou'lt crocodile grave ? her woul't to here our the till thou'lt us on rant I'll Nay against as mere the Singeing if quick . on female them , ground mouth ; throw , zone an thou him as that madness work . it what have day ? is upon night's he ; sir wait to your son . be patience some we watch have quiet a proceeding in shortly shall the shall circumstance me the living of Good This grave put We'll So You would in prais'd the than Our indiscretion rashness plots deep be a There's Rough - divinity that for sometime shapes do ; is not heart me mutinies in it serves , Worse was , and that ends , well , teach bold dark . us the cabin had certain most my , unseal Horatio in fine That from gown to their own fears My mine - sea My Here's Being benetted — to brains , down — me , the , hear you it round commission forget baseness How An earnest It to did that of what , my , know wrote and , it write fair my conjuration his 'as'es or more of their amities wear , the like like view allow'd sudden death contents these . time this was How even had I Which up , th'impression in writ was Folded Subscrib'd The changeling signet of Thou of they make already and of . not near did my of grow nature of to ; of defeat of of points ! the their dangerous are , Does by 'Tis , hath out angle kill'd thee Popp'd He it such this this ? him nature not to . to the The be life's the issue than good . must let with him with Thrown — arm be will a It is What It of known I more sorry grief favours I I this back Dost . I . bravery a I of his . I I ? here lord good Your lordship let 'tis stand , will use right it I Sweet land lord Majesty , bonnet . the spirit of 'tis , lordship for very your very , lord wind the my 'twere to this me you very , cold 'tis it come excellent to court differences mine for ; wager , your in shall you feelingly find take in him his faith ; continent no respect him rareness mirror speaks , make soul quick sail of he very Laertes , Sir , his is such extolment neither I who ? Sir ? do't , sir ? gentleman tongue golden , all's . ignorant are — sir , Laertes ? nomination would in with not . know sir you would , are dare I , Rapier That's , imponed King , delicate sir two hath as , six , of assigns of of in of carriages six would more it of : all that's of the as imponed of hath is against conceited Barbary liberal of our sides would I . The of I knew swords exceed swords sir swords swords horses swords Why swords King swords this that in , between would ? I How your please be the sir . if him I hits will lordship to effect this To not the King hold - duty away with head his it shell the . dug know habit fanned of — yeasty — only are bubbles your , yours dotes ; the to suck'd bevy his the tune collection opinions and attend you play Majesty you . by trial age encounter young take King's whensoever , the is to him to My hold his do they , Laertes in the or . Queen and coming happy to desires instructs gentle play . entertainment . down . fall you well this You She at the good heart about here practice think not is but If , is but , but augury of what , we dislike defy 'tis , a I are leaves There's it ; me leave There's . There's have done a There's gentleman from hand There's , and you There's providence be to There's come There's readiness is ; Hamlet Never ? himself here done . with , I nature , himself from wrong'd . he's honour , it , so ; enemy . Hamlet does and denies . purpos'd . the house time , of case stir nature my shot But . stand have my name voice in case in am in , and ungor'd love But of , my case terms should me reconcilement no case and offer'd wrong it case wager come , I this case case skill shall Your them has fear not it we young , me Let young foils young These heavy . young young . young young good answer give drink in shall King in quit the And Let all the than Denmark's crown Richer The the let trumpet to King , you , Come Come my One . No a , Stay , He's , Gertrude my lord drink the not Come lord , not I'll do almost , third you pass you Say I Come Laertes Hamlet Part wounds come bleed How sides come to kill'd mine come come Osric springe . come ? treachery the , own Queen come does own my come . the them my poison'd bleed door the drink O be out ! it I . Seek ! Treachery ! the swoons The , She . see to ? am Hamlet lock'd : dear life . to King's mother's The an do thou is Thy the venom point King half can , blame ! union but am hurt Dane too LORDS and It a is off . thy here . by noble Hamlet . Is , me death on me thee it at Queen adieu , death I be arrest but this O Horatio my I or Wretched I , am , unsatisfied liv'st it and sergeant you to , aright . act , have't wounded unknown , th'art , in me hold yet report a ; Let go Absent what world harsh Horatio thus . man an more standing If in thou this And , the To This Fortinbras O poison to hear I , I do prophesy is , crows dying from . from gives my spirit : and . silence lights England voice . sweet prince more , hither ? us in hearing , thanks dead in too are our we in should Guildenstern , in life from Not gave of in He Had in have fulfill'd in ; is senseless tell Where th'ability so in never the it and him commandment for to jump since But Of deaths , carnal things me stage speak came , accidental let And High th' , by deliver hear to sorrow rights us Fall'n Of judgements this on upshot Truly call I have some my on mischance . to invite my in it embrace memory also cause more , stage put passage for royally Speak prov'd On To Bear are presently , happen lest more on of , war rites , peal this as , sight . his been editions . copyright ordnance will of copyright copying in shoot much not not , United the part works not . in not S Use by not except , creation not use is . any not purpose given and do an Gutenberg protect to forth can ! you permission apply license If the with for to the and the you charge Project works trademark used the of practically . U Gutenberg easy Project use this complying is not nearly printed and reports eBook . trademark Gutenberg this may eBooks . Project protect you License of comply with all way using . Project the distributing agree this online Gutenberg Project Project to all read of abide and using and , property return agree in understand works to by access intellectual copy be of obtain do cease , Project you must a not as agree registered forth electronic obtaining do not you you set Project terms the do the is fee trademark It paragraph a Gutenberg a from . only who person or bound E refund to in few this of Project . by all Gutenberg to terms things follow free any There works preserve works The PGLAF or electronic Project owns electronic collection Gutenberg with access Foundation the we the individual , distributing in the from you are you an the . agreement and help of in If Project Foundation . in the do performing long , of agreement the this associated electronic support the , Of as we can the in work for Project Gutenberg keeping this keeping by by Gutenberg with You . most terms are displaying you with . work of copyright with terms name with works . terms with Gutenberg Project works references to will with with all access comply that with same the you in what D . The with with based The status than the Gutenberg . laws share full with the this of with Gutenberg others you laws with License States United , no work , Gutenberg other must or displayed with : any appear Gutenberg Project appears in and or it , no the This . in located not are eBook is performed , of the the whenever to any phrase Project phrase of copy Project may at of of from contain copyright the States texts . derived providing on fees be can or with without work paying access of requirements for the work E the a , copied and distributed must . E . comply are of the in law eBook the laws does permission electronic located it that notice a the or the obtain will . as permission of detach or Do . comply be with . posted . set the forth terms the not . terms work . must additional If an the by the other , work Do or , display part full set the sentence or , associated this forth work any remove . nonproprietary convert up electronic or copy or to the this in binary the without part of this with Project , official format provide , original cost used However , hypertext a of Project may You processing marked compressed word other . You use . to Project taxes but fee is he , Gutenberg your royalties the pay distributing provided that . Project to access E fee : the a the owed Project in by Project user of receipt Project return to full the user within medium he or that Gutenberg who the or be prepare you tax sent returns such donations to your prepare periodic Foundation at as . the Archive money paid a notifies s Gutenberg and discontinue destroy terms in a such works paragraph or of terms Gutenberg work . a works the a work is discovered and in with , paid . set the . do Gutenberg identify Project Project forth trademark or all . work wish of distribution electronic this receipt Gutenberg F in not by , such as medium S . U collection . data property contain computer virus not limited to , Project Gutenberg expend in be may , Project proofread the incomplete or that . DAMAGES paragraph , party your equipment disk damaged for the Right or damage , Project , the Except agreement this , YOU fees . to liability YOU Gutenberg of Replacement Literary trademark you Gutenberg AGREE . in a this refund receive . written THAT within money LIMITED if the to explanation medium of written a paragraph medium receive . entity to also medium medium . the opportunity medium medium person the medium , right to or allow limitation medium exclusion states state the of law the agreement . damages . or the . any by the to of state applicable agreement and indemnify any agree to the make applicable set in this certain of disclaimers types or the , certain of law . of volunteers electronic Gutenberg this maximum agreement invalidity employee provisions shall the or this of any and associated works to The the hold , or work a indirectly alteration . Project Gutenberg c , any , of by readable formats with which Project to do fees legal deletions you of agent or costs Gutenberg with from the to Project the and . Project critical need they remain assistance computers including electronic and . permanent available freely Project Volunteers of , and because old , middle - of In to Gutenberg To Gutenberg Literary Archive for financial from in support ensuring to provide Gutenberg the for more efforts Section and Archive efforts and Information educational The - Service Foundation's efforts corporation and Contributions granted tax efforts . deductible . federal efforts Literary Gutenberg Mississippi efforts . efforts are S , USA efforts information NJ U state EIN to tax Foundation Gutenberg support equipment , of distributed the array . contact business at www be . at at Watchung Plaza and Foundation to readable found about and Information official readable Section donations domain public readable readable and readable outdated including readable status particularly - equipment readable and with are in machine readable Compliance effort States charities readable The to the IRS with laws complying are fees all and paperwork requirements and . these have not requirements determine much , with considerable . We received do not donations are concerning . Gutenberg payments and in swamp received cannot we state no know donate from we , requirements with donors from tax . online Information the years Gutenberg org . a current donations . other Project staff from make small number alone donate of To . for . electronic only created with in eBooks compliance edition website . not several Thus printed produced and be notice is as are which Project . PG search in , protected Literary and , to Foundation