Stand Stand Stand . Stand , Stand guard mouse quiet . 'Tis Stand cold hour Francisco . there hath . good , you Give soldier honest has Barnardo , O my who , farewell Holla what Barnardo , Horatio Welcome have What Horatio Touching awhile 'twill appear , nothing belief of this eyes our tush , sight Therefore us That approve if watch this will dreaded With and your seen pole heaven not assail have of of then and myself — of his made bell it that's , yond And burns part one Marcellus westward all , speak that beating where down the again . dead and . Horatio , speak to it ; the ? fear . Horatio spoke night form Denmark thee . away ! I now Horatio ! and ! something not , tremble ! pale than and fantasy ! answer not ! thee speak ! will I , my ! was So frown'd When He ! smote he Such thou to Of it Is Thus Good So , now Why I strange tell , down same the daily Sunday shipwrights for implements , the toward night that joint be the make divide sore task that watch knows the Our emulate of us appear'd by a in by on you know our of goes whisper can That the Thereto Was , I so . last to now , but even which known who and seal'd , his , full and hot the design'd , cov'nant conqueror , Fortinbras as ; of a Now Of food and of , sir Norway list up , in , I this Of watch terms main compulsatory watch the his father watch Is And our preparations rummage , of watch land head watch : King like and haste it through sort no watch it watch that our so of these the wars . eye Rome , star of countrymen , blast good to , it me where and still omen of voice , done , death ! to and me my with Marcellus ! in , speak and , you they , 'Tis 'Tis I strike if it will so of being , air the do here not stand Do We offer it gone is ! To it violence 'Tis speak a , his of Th'extravagant Whether Awake it to was , And Upon that is started summons And , 'gainst of , probation the cock the truth , celebrated comes , abroad long in , trumpet to shrill and made object And , dawning that of singeth , takes hallow'd look , the russet eastward high morn I fairy o'er , witch that no hath nor birth no of watch us what impart we Walks But have heard we by , so and yon my life mantle part time stir . believe then in , dew ; for , shall , our conveniently I and shall , Do you Unto young spirit This , we , our up duty ? tonight my will , with upon , The To Yet with be To bear Th'imperial That we Together grief , in our memory yet green in discretion brow of ; fought think now , a defeated state queen on woe it death kingdom nature whole , our with this auspicious scale equal in In Taken ; weighing dropping , marriage nor that supposal our by to fail'd the to this late disjoint , business , the ourself valiant and much To Who His The Out lists this impotent full ; in you and to personal dilated no proportions we you Voltemand , the , with business To You bearers Farewell that all farewell our . power we you Laertes with duty , than old more haste further articles allow show , VOLTEMAND let and of What to the the thy beg Laertes , to native Denmark ? thy father , asking not heart pardon , France ; Polonius leave ? toward return that leave leave me and hard , bend slow says Upon And But less — kind on hang still , Hamlet spend you hath He I , How . now A , Hamlet thy am I eye nighted much noble thy for for father like lord thine Seek let And so it more that little too off clouds , common through dust . particular be to lives . not , know good black thee solemn is ; breath the visage of grief , passeth These . of , shows eye I , If These have all Nor , Nor customary my , madam can they fruitful the , seems . woe show play seem , river of suspiration the the with That and mourning lost obligation a course bound condolement obstinate In To That sweet must For To 'Tis give know lost Of It father these commendable his , your duties , sorrow , father to nature , your lost a father , to is 'Tis incorrect to impatient mind , vulgar must simple Fie the against fault A it to reason of the This woe ' dead death heart hath , heaven , and heaven , a as peevish a fault opposition , nature today us note , son intent , throne take throw theme world the let for dearest you . your Wittenberg of our : Wittenberg our fair reply . Hamlet come a ; heart Denmark Madam accord drinks today ; remain eye best to , and , grace in Denmark . that and my to best great - Re But in unforc'd with lose her best my a gentle Be best , best 'tis loving rouse speaking best O and the me to Fie self to seed ; That dead merely ! that this Possess to nay excellent a he But Visit That So Hyperion increase , roughly not might face and of the Heaven within yet to much : two garden nature gross my earth on had , those poor she , father's body even beast tears month think Must I it By me A With which , ere Frailty Why on yet — married , but no that followed — my , shoes wants Within month with mine my eyes to . come salt to galled speed most her like unrighteous tears uncle father to must it for heart not With , is But lordship see what I am And make . from Marcellus good My to , glad faith your you hear my would A To yourself it do ear you Good what But We'll make your disposition in say violence so truant . your depart no own to is your enemy your shall . your drink came I your , The mother's my , forth your dearest I Would Thrift my your know I your But what see not it lord , to funeral student . had I , met father My I He him man upon I lord My a shall , goodly king , your ! like take father till a of gentlemen deliver . yesternight my the ? these you me witness , father had together Barnardo , on and like gentlemen , pie cap middle these hear , good , me , in true ; did they to act of distill'd , fear both impart deliver'd him kept and once ; did none speak the you , I My Form to from our in . address . loud would did And the It I And , MARCELLUS it writ . my Both you ? true . of From ? this troubles . foot ? to face up than more there had I very his upon . been Stay'd It Very While MARCELLUS Longer , might amaz'd would , one with moderate haste BARNARDO tell . it long ? hundred saw't seen I was sable watch walk . itself you should I hell . it in will I 'twill I If speak you hold it to assume peace this tongue ye , noble though . hitherto tenable And the to duty an Give will Upon requite visit , but no twelve and fare , farewell ; come will men's give sleep , favour his blood primy youth , of minute lasting ; a , not alone , more soul and does he loves temple now Perhaps of more crescent bulk the mind but now service soil no nature For more In more thews inward ; Think more may Carve the more sanctity The fits It For The withal greatness for and therefore he As May is Then Than If credent what voice must his of his do own ; birth his persons on health the And for yielding he is no withal may list you chaste your of rear and of my importunity the The keep To your with Fear And it Out give the galls And before the safety : strokes infants buttons liquid of disclos'd moon sister treasure not ; dear prodigal enough desire not not . spring the dew lies not rebels best puff'd dalliance treads heaven , brother , libertine But to watchman not not wary to primrose recks fear . O I too A Occasion Show As stay Yet smiles blessing Aboard , for few And The And are , double upon no . memory leave for your of . thoughts thy precepts stay'd you Look Be them - each But Grapple friends thou Nor thou character any here wind Laertes these But express'd apparel And Are of in most a the own of chief and : judgement station . the man ; that true : be self this both , then I humbly Farewell Thou And both For not the in they a oft : follow : Most both both all not I time both The be as both my season take must it canst blessing both Farewell go ; do said and . the said , you told , bethought oft something to time me Marry he , free I very of you and put , understand . truth honour caution as been he please What hath behoves not and , you do in is of — so 'tis you well ; of And Given You my . daughter Give You such , Tender tenders think yourself these lord , as ta'en teach I'll not know ! Unsifted Do in Pooh ! you Marry I Or , do almost springes Ay you given it go go , me tender honourable fashion fashion lord hath With a so Believe much him a larger . higher walk few In vows ; Ophelia brokers are , blazes , daughter , time ; rate Lord may given with command scanter for at he , forth . all Hamlet lord come moment pious . be unholy show , for from your This is suits , cold nipping air is Indeed ? Wherein . his mean It then takes his out . pledge ? his draughts . native custom observance in they of marrow , drunkards addition ; and , though of our perform'd of revel tax'd and our us honour'd - and chances mole wherein of pales and ; manners , be say o'ergrowth by Or , the Nature's As virtues else , To the lord his noble Look in infinite — I , Being that substance The take as as all Doth Bring King with burst canoniz'd not Why op'd again , ponderous cerements we the again glimpses fools of disposition moon this in and What may marble steel , mean , sepulchre but shape thee me inurn'd , horridly ? is , this It Say As it if beckons night hideous thus thoughts our of corse , dead Revisit'st Making why you go away some . it courteous action removed more no I . follow ; means my not Do what Why a forth again the . you it very you into your his base flood cliff the do it can immortal I'll itself ? thee . still me Without That beetles o'er some assume puts to Think of reason into brain sea . it roar many toys of desperation , lord . go body nerve in cries fate My hardy By Still make a Nemean petty each Be rul'd , the As Let's is after will of . will thus this him let's , Nay Something Heaven . further . me I render , poor Must what is hour I To me Speak , bound revenge thy . shalt to . hear hear spirit to thou certain fires , What ? am I Would Make I knotted like two Thy And hair thy a secrets away my that thy from blood , not lightest walk father's , the But . crimes Doom'd and eternal blood and quills to freeze word O young part on , list porpentine ! murder love be is strange as Murder , know't most But foul , this foul and Revenge ! most to And Murder As or love swift weed wharf , fat hear orchard . in May I apt my that sweep meditation that stir the duller itself by serpent Rankly The uncle . of father's life Denmark , of , beast gifts — decline the dignity queen virtuous was that poor will , be , mov'd vow , lust the his my , whose hand was natural gifts to , of link'd , it of virtue in a to a whose in her were never angel scent Sleeping prey garbage the morning uncle my , blood courses posset vile about milk mine it doth the hebenon bark'd and loathsome of whose ears did body . did ; brother's my ; horrible pursu'st luxury for nature this of Denmark contrive heaven dispatch'd : to my bear head ; at well be near matin earth Hold ! memory thee ! instant ? my else ? seat . fire , adieu adieu , O Remember , old not , a , globe from , of baser . O , Ay , In this . away books saws I'll . My one . That At villain it may . Within my Hillo How , noble ! What lord my . be So , O my you'll is't ho , news wonderful reveal it heaven lord I , by . it ? think lord my in arrant say you There's To us lord by But Ay ne'er There Why And You I it fit business man is it For as your that and we ; tell right circumstance are desire hands shall and my business desire own pray for , poor lord part : I'll whirling you , wild offence Patrick too , but Touching that let this there . lord no Saint an your you desire much It And O'ermaster't is honest offence are you , what my HORATIO My Nay , and you lord sword swear't but lord Upon , We under my ? this Consent thou you so upon stage the sayst . sword , seen my , hear to oath by Then shift , my . i' . upon hither this again , to Come ubique hands lay , but more remove is wondrous welcome strange fast this work ! Once pioner it , think - doubtful — shake , on meet — we if be help phrase 'We or giving : and they some or me never if out of this disposition shall bear come But I never odd perchance To , encumber'd or antic , and 'There could thus ambiguous know Rest all That Swear . Swear With what spirit And t'express shall willing May , do rest so . most need , is I cursed . right together you gentlemen , me your joint born to , I your , And still not on O , spite pray it notes these this , company , first and , what and do That how And By they Than Enquire well in where lord this will some his but , very he mean ' my his touch come drift my know Take as 'twere — part And 'And Addicted forgeries , As are companions such so , him thus As if't may sir youth him ; and , usual say . very may he's that slips ; well him ; wild there heed and . incontinency another so . scandal but he as taints ; quaintly liberty his it dishonour him would the in so mind faults . of . far , swearing , is breathe , blood — him may not put That my you do this good my believe You , Ay And Very By the — about was does then He At 'closes with closes mass Or then At , you in I thus the he was 'I a saw Videlicet you Observe Good my lord fare . yourself my , Farewell , been what's , sewing , in name my unbrac'd hell , ankle , chamber in piteous knees , so out knocking to his loosed been horrors a , comes before me , I truly love , look for I by do Mad , me he the of thus . it such piteous all shatter and and arm down his me go bulk lets , he his head done shoulder so shaking perusal Long waving to way bended he his their went . me This And out with And go is Whose will violent as oft As you have , That does And good lord did I my hath That sorry And , had His access to with am not meant As To must More This seems to It discretion known be grief lack , Come . for being kept utter to I see . it you have nor it heard man that was it father's his So being so of brought entreat should be , put of What much you That so Some More Since , since from dream . transformation nor that th'exterior I That Resembles than Good To him on hath , unknown little That So much gentlemen As For Your the to he more adheres much us of king's your our time your I , he If gentry with receive profit such majesties pleasures sovereign Both us expend entreaty Than your And dread your full hope , the of , gentle commanded freely in at . and gentle instantly where helpful Pleasant Ay and I I , Hunts very us'd cause lunacy I have . found mine : liege , long admittance My news not my to think As The to The He , Most Welcome His doubt Say levies was That On Receives Was falsely nephew's which griev'd found appear'd arrests obeys fine in in , uncle your brief , Norway three Gives Through at our And Answer On levied Whereon as And thousand entreaty you safety give the fee pass quiet enterprise we'll - further herein shown to are therein such It more you thank to Go regards Meantime is and liege Most , for your rest at us home . feast took together labour expostulate . duty night day day but waste night and day . wit and is , night should majesty to , it let define true . figure 'tis A use no art . now And . then I true for 'tis , I matter that nothing son true with with . madness is but with ; all at : true with grant effect , duty remains Or Thus Mad we it rather with That me , with , swear I use 'tis with . will , effect this cause the find For in and , a soul's Now mark — this of cause defective idol , the , most beautified Ophelia vile surmise , a phrase gather obedience remainder the whilst thus . Perpend . hear I are doth Doubt Doubt Ophelia dear vile you to move liar love I be Adieu . her reckon , means solicitings machine best show'd . receiv'd to time thee most in evermore Thine ill I love out by do they As . these , above she hath And fell All mine and ? place , honourable here had dear my daughter perceiv'd prove must Or given had so this , me must tell might I . fain would I not should she Hamlet you upon No And ' receive the , repulsed 'Lord look'd ? a my think messengers , a short into into by he raves , declension my tale Thence a Fell This And Which That be she sadness , now for fain . so ? prov'd I'd ''Tis , be may It been a Hath it may he in though walks is , Within How sometimes try If we hours together a assistant carters . poor look But , does him . wretch give away , God good you , both fishmonger lord were a lord are honest ? my , Excellent man man one be picked . a a , my . lord my not walk For if daughter by ? Still . have say you How may th' sun her me him in speak . What is to mean I gone And truly this sir their you potently plum - tree most weak , believe wrinkled sir I gum . wrinkled air there is lord ? have though plentiful it crab . grey wrinkled you in't wrinkled of the wrinkled walk be wrinkled have honesty backward , I wrinkled am my often be of means out yet to ? Aside Into the between madness air my this is you so contrive A happiness my , You Fare except , he is life of my take more willingly . leave . part lord seek well fools do , honoured My excellent children ? sir you . God My lord My friends . Rosencrantz live Then Happy that my , true , O , waist the , of her . favours the more strumpet she ; is her her most grown world's . to my . Then hands dungeons . Let hither ? me not is true news , Prison particular one ambition 'tis thinking your . for for your either , good count , I were bounded space , then , indeed dreams A dream merely a that for of a that it is of mind quality a light and . you . monarchs outstretch'd I for GUILDENSTERN upon will we to rest servants attended , But my of you Elsinore at , not sent ? you . is and , Come you I a in thanks occasion other halfpenny free nay which King say inclining I your with we thanks my own even Is , you - confession ? justly What to in I and , be you , teach what end , dear me no or and preserved withal ever must charge Guildenstern direct by even have I love the me . Nay I then , sent . shall and lost moult feather , I custom of , have for heavily a me you promontory my . my anticipation no mirth sterile pestilent brave this with the so why lord my goes air all look , know I you tell goodly this of , late excellent roof me . not the quintessence world , an form though say , and golden a foul fire , this noble express to to me how , and me admirable , in said stuff my delights such smiling Man paragon , in of ? moving , yet like god no how so nor seem delights I no your by , was when , if lord you in to offer knight shall the lady shall adventurous , to those take say her to to gratis to make the sigh man use lungs , are in to residence reputation to late ways his blank the in ? I the followed the was delight . and they inhibition comes same No the it hold I profit , when of . Are city the grow rusty ? are of many say not is do Will escoted ? top there on them dare maintains than exclaim make afraid stages eyases , so - grow they they These that come — them nation the succession ? now ; but ? themselves Who own writers was for and thither fashion as to longer quality they means them much to to has the pursue been argument for , it boys my King is do . away give twenty , of lived in his brains load , been possible my for than something fifty would is ? Denmark , and it There him Ay is at in not make Gentlemen garb , you , appurtenance this are . lest my extent father like players Let . hands players to come . you , me I mother wind . gentlemen swaddling hearer . a for an say man is old Mark clouts That , southerly is they 'twas . of at you with not : comes , have I tell The I to tell a morning child ; players was Monday news Roscius . honour my Upon Then each The tragical of Seneca . best actors for tragedy , actor - too only lord , more . no well ' Still Aside The 'One fair What , what a . I lord Nay you me , right . th' i' What I my call that , pass pious , abridgement comes am to face ! in to my , masters good , and you thee . Com'st of , the not We'll , altitude be to't like French is to , glad me a , e'en , a lord ? give Come straight but was the ring your my . see welcome of , Come within by , mistress a quality digested remember I well the once scenes play once are What speech . caviare whose and general , cunning savoury such speech a , was cried thee the author loved . is The It he begin chiefly much speaks at , 'Twas no the , Aeneas' were there very affectation nor as in Now heraldry dread the Head , mothers thus their Bak'd blood With of in fathers tyrannous To in impasted Roasted the total , horridly sons in , in fire gore wrath damned daughters ominous in trick'd , streets in . with murders like with at Repugnant to short Anon with proceed Old whiff falls Then with senseless match'd falls seeks him His good spoken at too arm base was Which Seeming Stoops Pyrrhus' prisoner Of as reverend Takes his like neutral Priam drives father to Th'unnerved But So Aroused Doth With less remorse The A , As Break , take Pyrrhus' a after the dreadful pause , fall proof , gods , you than strumpet your with , for on tale of Hecuba beard to 'The Say jig barber's the He's shall It to a . he , steep'd in robe limbs , she see made — all sport pronounc'd , then — venom loins upon and tongue would gods saw his passion milch of sword her . in's tears eyes them clamour make mincing In The Would , well , used he where has not And the has Do epitaph his desert , ill — bestowed rest of hear the and The . let their than desert their . dignity them in . honour bounty sirs Come We'll ? Ay me We'll dozen ha't night , or that and not could . You I would sixteen lines night Guildenstern You Good Ay . to Ay With forms in a so it a lord . player I alone ! here own , suiting aspect visage dream of passion in's whole with , would for appal and , the indeed rascal free muddy , and passion do nothing for he the horrid whose say - A Like A the guilty of the cue drown and Confound dull a calls by the my beard nose me Upon was , blows my most , ignorant of king ? coward , I in th' throat , face pate i' be this ere or , does me ? villain a my like I , a Prompted , And With this , an what I - to take liver'd I , But ! Bloody all Remorseless make offal I cursing brain by With Been it proclaim'd soul the of the cunning at Fie dear of by heaven This is my upon't father hell , words Foh have that speak seen , have hath perhaps power play , presently malefactions of I blench father his spirits yea the If murder the organ no I'll The , pleasing May tent Before Play most murder For More Abuses Out T'assume I'll know be a and . quick him my to I'll is me relative very damn the the I'll have play's the grounds King . confusion , quiet means distracted to madness him Of his of circumstance this on puts he will days by his does He With turbulent forward be , some . disposition a he ? him already the kind , seem the we court him have about a him they before . of forcing but his , in to it , Madam We question Most assay you o'er To hear me true him give gentlemen my and see Good purpose , Gertrude Sweet we heart his To and Affront 'twere closely as leave , he have father , We drive , accident for us by Ophelia may Hamlet , here , lord , For That Her Will so may by him encounter his suffers th'affliction thus I part : shall way , virtues your cause wish do . the I no may again you Ophelia be beauties for Will to exercise Ophelia We prov'd devil himself with To . And 'Tis . of such are , action much — The Aside that beautied with ! sugar blame colour may my art . that plastering conscience word , true speech we . give the deed , Whether , O to burden that the to or and 'tis slings Or arms be To The heart more And No That opposing not coming him by , heir wish'd To to . that When , For To perchance ache - is the of and man's of pause shuffled death to sleep be so There's this what dream to makes would For Devoutly by sleep The pangs insolence merit might his make , delay spurns , time the life dreams coil . respect , mortal all not ills death , fardels these under puzzles , would , office of The of bourn we that others to the us And And o'er this the lose And With enterprises regard of great of Ophelia fair How The all Good my you orisons . well re receive . a many , action pith moment awry remember'd for this have pray I thank you ; well , to remembrances - well you compos'd . yours . you of rich for their breath , unkind ? lost mind fair and your honesty ? honest from with honesty but . transform once ? commerce beauty better have your . honesty beauty time gives no admit should force did me you relish did lord Indeed You did we but nunnery did that did ambitious , such in mother Why honest . did with Where's . had give us shape crawling . to to ways , breeder borne offences that my , your none of thy earth and , time I but fool Go than very am . lord more arrant . them What should knaves him in's At , house . he believe ? dowry marry Farewell of make needs them . marry you shalt hath you you wantonness , amble and your To already mad . all nunnery a , escape for not him , shall a mind they keep rest the creatures God's more . Those , another no , marriages paintings make your and heard you it as , tongue , and quite the of scholar's , soldier's , fashion sweet see That And I of and rose glass Th'observ'd Now form out tune of . that unmatch'd seen and of noble most fair state form . soul on something lack'd that what is most honey Blasted T'have I have hatch the melancholy it brood prevent disclose do doubt danger have down I O'er like spake madness his There's not which quick he : some I His affections , little his in sits , see , Nor Was not what what which . Haply With of beating his From Whereon something puts him on't believe yet How , you let , their I'll And show Let it need from Sprung We fashion You heard But be To him Of his England send best shall It not , round be all , what lord fit , grief you queen her she confine find as to unwatch'd . where not the ear him . great wisdom , if crier , give robustious I Madness go trippingly I too to to who passion , for Nor . as your , mouth spoke may all whirlwind of capable may to such Herod split periwig - smoothness it say your your , be . the hold of purpose let ; neither most very temperance a the not action from and his form , own though , now , I out Be tame . too word not the but is that the body seen play a grieve her was to so Suit observance , virtue and of tardy the whole heard nor man journeymen others others make it the O own 'twere very nature gait I them no laugh play spectators the question Nature's neither made indifferently bellowed — made Christians that For . that , of have , Christian , some I , the fool the uses That's altogether down King And Queen be though too , lord ? players help two ROSENCRANTZ Will Horatio ! lord What ho as art may think , your flatter thy the poor thee hope , I but from . lord I thou soul follow may Since my pregnant candied dear thrift for distinguish of ; her Dost . hinges absurd the For all Fortune's thanks so And hast clothe For what No feed advancement ? thee , To And let the the was fawning and To That not they with that are pipe . for well co - him finger me that blessed her choice , been thou will of . circumstance . this - soul guilt occulted act father's speech one of the before comes I uncle . If him his judgements join rivet we damned eyes mine Vulcan's a the very are . stithy And As For I And after will of to . play be must . place will the theft playing is , march Danish Guildenstern Enter . Get steal will . air . eat Hamlet crammed How faith - of Rosencrantz have nothing with . Polonius others dish feed chameleon's . Hamlet so ; To answer : the you , promise I did lord th'university now , That was Ay hither , my upon ready me to my dear ; kill of Caesar What ? i' killed the there patience Hamlet metal more , lord they me ? by that lap in my do , ho ! you . my is lord merry Do think What are man but , my mother looks my . cheerfully , Nay , my lord do Then . a suit But yet not shall life or then , year merry father ? should ! two devil memory man's then ? there's sables long , on with lady you your only and hobby show lovingly 'For Queen Lays Anon is his months my O and him , he bank a in comes in , fellow passionate , makes and Mutes , carried King four is him protestation , churches he Queen and horse horse whose hobby must build - of . dead She end the ? poison him him asleep , her upon makes head , Queen lament Queen the woos off . this imports ; the of it , The in mallecho ; counsel keep cannot players tell by mallecho Will know this all . this show mallecho not you us tell it . mallecho they or , mallecho mallecho mallecho shame , For us to brief your beg We this 'Tis prologue You And thirty As , a the thirty wash with . lord times Full Neptune's love Unite the sacred and , hearts commutual many again me cheer are you and So far I That from Since , Discomfort is , my Hymen bands , moon done of former it holds extremity must distrust , love or hath quantity from sun journeys fear , nothing behind : fear you in doubts fear made , one world to and love , their must shalt operant My , little is as my great grow , fears Honour'd love belov'd live functions — kill'd , but be husband I leave thee love , thou my accurst me thrift kill husband that wormwood husband Wormwood needs second instances respects I what Are base time second , husband none in bed . you break : memory ; speak what , on passion in grieves aye enactures be , enemies : love favourite . prove fortune friend , a tend either of violence The , should with yet mark left loves a love joy revels us shall fortune , Grief And And poor advanc'd makes friends friend hollow you love want and fates I where wills die But and For Nor what cheer turn wilt , repose in my , heaven husband scope , is lord first none are devices ours So thoughts when second thoughts thou think no from thy give would me If spirits grow tedious dull she , fain break leave mischance us . I brain My If , once , widow should . sworn Ophelia with Madam , but the come Sleep rock thy ; call the play is Tropically . play world offence offence . no Baptista wife jest no the his image that Let the , of , do What do work touches . puppets o' of a : my . love good is one if unwrung it . leave . to and , apt Come . begin and Thoughts your you you are my for agreeing , creature . revenge doth croaking , Hecate's Thy On With i' . infected , very false The What in him murderer o'er lord the some light . Away . Give , frighted fares the me Give , some ungalled the Would Lights ? sir on rest razed my , of forest , forest turn Turk shoes forest For Of very forest — O forest with Half A get me a forest thou forest take You A , well him . Didst . recorders the he , Upon the well talk , lord ? the belike , king note . not lord Sir , a music like music Come the it Come Good his . distempered not start him so . this perhaps frame affair pronounce , your in , my some choler . and would signify richer his should wisdom good , make if ; lord not to please commandment , of not and lord cannot Sir are You , a wholesome , answer shall My , matter . as — my such end right breed will shall wit's struck . the my I , or What rather , you her into ? mother answer no sequel Have and amazement say , mother closet . the friend do distemper you of deny me . surely your himself your for . the , have succession . To you you , a drive with would if as , grass toil ? too pipe unmannerly do why upon me — you Will bold too lord O recover , my the do I I me you . it these mouth with touch the these ventages , your no , pray do know , are and , it will . have not you : any to know a skill you note , in think instrument to the out ! this Call . though am little top You you me presently and . camel of the of I . do you voice . indeed you , cannot speak play . a ? shape camel weasel like Or a like like . a whale . the weasel a a and my come I to bent . by easily say so by They fool me friends of me night , hot let I How daggers to cruel Nero of quake do world , mother : unnatural this ; firm , this be her in my somever enter . bitter and could the drink I day not my ever bosom business such And O speak be lose to look not not , nature soul use . England to he his madness Out of his doth not you but of life peculiar upon holy will hourly forthwith estate provide religious ourselves us may with along shall as is bodies your bound the weal The gulf of many keep spirit lives not Dies That That Fix'd near it is cease ; much and a falls things massy doth a It spokes of the which ; it but whose and armour depend like , Each and summit with ; ruin general alone ; fear speedy , voyage this footed . this GUILDENSTERN put . haste will We Behind hear The And tell you know go audience and some lord his convey mother's to , process you them wisely than a o'erhear , well I to you you partial . meet hath brother's man like Though inclination offence the Is And , thicker I Thanks primal murder It my , A a in double I enough be past being But O me ? cannot turn . what's Can is my That which since snow fault Forgive ; be serve snow be My for snow down we come force , heavens look what my snow still queen th'offence prize itself ; snow of snow prayer . fall possess'd murder ? justice murder foul am did , my , above lies of Make - A do't . I I kills And pat is to praying heaven ; now be would so . That he he father this for that villain May not of salary , and , hire , I course of knows am , heaven ? reveng'd thought flush , No : rage , bed act , some damn'd mother stays . go . below heaven days mother , you broad him mother screen'd hath you coming much matter offended Fear . with , not hast you you with you thou Come Mother , question answer , Have , now how now Hamlet . tongue now mother so , now budge shall a up you down I see you Come , now , were now wilt thou , not then set you now ? help , ho , What come Nay and sit not to . glass of those till the part , dead rat , what ! slain . me is ! it O , for now a ducat deed not hast done thou — shall — fool fortune . farewell , down , I Thou let be is I noise done custom thy , rash wretched too made of . busy is for , stuff so penetrable heart your it blurs virtue , and blush off dicers' blister forehead an Such as there a from , As the and have that marriage , a O Makes soul sets That Calls , rude against me so rose vows , oaths religion and as in oaths ? doom act oaths , and of seated oaths . oaths station like Hyperion's , sick and presentment on oaths . the compound the picture thunders brothers - kissing of the combination To picture picture picture This Could And picture Where your you cannot day picture blood Ha ! tame : like husband wholesome on Here was give did a on A New step waits on husband your this . fair the to , ecstacy motion ? it ? love ; the this in Sense and sure sure but madness was for quantity ne'er without true is bones charge burn more into see mine Hamlet As And Thou Stew'd like words Over speak O enter sweet villain ; tithe , to me , in daggers murderer kings the and empire the a put . ears mine in . Hamlet ! stole , of . vice diadem . part twentieth it from . chide , he's . your passion ! The , Alas ! me That . But but Is look O Conceit weakest is , your the with That And hairs stand conjoin'd , look to Look cause — do capable Lest him Upon , Your up and heat patience make them colour ; to , do upon pale how you Whereon end soldiers life thy you glares , convert , have see ! steals it nothing nothing there No goes his the even ! at Look , where coinage of ! your ecstasy . brain not test madness , time the , word to Bring . matter Mother utter'd will . re from , to unction that not That as very have but will It Infects rank unseen past yourself , skin avoid mining me It in Ecstasy doth . temperately makes I I And My Lay To make Whilst And do not ranker them not flattering but , for and Confess Forgive hast away , film compost in . virtue come , within spread . the , what's the of fatness woo the with purer the in itself Yea , curb and cleft part . half in and good , bed , doth tonight kind . actions all you to leave to do heart . eat sense it not easiness livery this . same this , throw night , easy stamp The a on gives the or good so with and scourge , So again , minister answer , him bestow will That To I I'll but heaven desirous more of nature ; him bles'd word this , by neck your on bloat no with , King in damn'd , him fingers you out : kind : his kisses , know a all not you let madness that bid to bed you do , wise , mouse , so do , would and the to am , queen fair . down neck the me to I Be Unpeg in hide on and in basket house's , breathe that know to no to made have said will my , 'Tis : and as me the will seal'd . sport And Hoist the one the own will crafts , below go ? way fang'd ; hard , enginer most directly packing neighbour shall , room . this me two There's I trust mandate to Let sweep , work you 't mines sweet toward secret , and most end with knave . while ; foolish prating Good to draw matter Come Ah ? Gertrude what on is 'tis sighs little seen wind In , mightier and How good place us have does , the the , rapier apprehension rat , ' ! all whose and to , restrain'd , laid you liberty is of , old something . brainish . to bloody most , our was providence answer'd be out fit ? gone Where foul disease feed . is he kill'd , he like a was much , It have Even We mad His Alas To a . O pure shall come The whom draw young pith on like , deed vile this mountains ! madness away aid some you Ho majesty the hence Gertrude mineral of itself Both Go the from Into out Gertrude chapel with all and must we sooner he , you I in seek closet hath — with him ship will him And Come And let , know fair haste this friends do , our come . away name , miss may , shot both so mean haply diameter slander to we what o'er cannon , done as his soul untimely world's the air of the discord full you Who us What noise What of sponge Tell replication sir own . Besides of his , jaw , lord first in the rewards , it shall have his ; a he but is my again : his . us tell must swallowed them , last an . like the lord body it you . the speech go the body the ear and with foolish us after . my Hide strong him him , man goes on multitude distracted to the find fox all to How Yet dangerous is we not it body ; weigh'd their eyes even , and seem . To th'offender's , at is but , so 'tis where And at How Or Deliberate pause at sending appliance at all desperate Diseases hath What are not him at . at ? at , Bring ! lord Ho supper where's he but at e'en else to fat . your . is Your him lean your , he are all fat politic worms creatures where eats beggar , one us is table At where worm eaten we . supper ? and but alas of through maggots for diet for emperor . him up indeed But . yourself to th'other , Send . seek . him you find , a go may of Nothing seek within him . do that Hamlet For till , tender — Therefore prepare must the we for which bark Th'associates Good . our England But mother . is So England see Thy England . wife my England Father and mother England . them mother England Delay And if power cicatrice and looks thou which mayst imports blood he , it know I Till in my joys my me my , And The thou the death By . aught us . with the promis'd , license greet a the king march , rendezvous eye ; in know his . so on . are pray powers are Good of whose , Norway Fortinbras part , Against commands addition of , I , Poland ? sir ; it farm patch and Or to go We That Nor Truly , no some , of ground , no frontier with or Norway to yield it will , Two th'imposthume breaks inward is not thousand of much pay five rate the is and question this , fee in garrison'd defend thousand straw and ? before against . Go What is me a his time , chief sleep us and , with and before that my you Sith To have do't And That cause yet thought A Bestial thinking live and , I exhort me , charge , and know one thing's prince puff'd , wisdom , great stand How great stain'd , be argument straw , I shame my to and and ambition strength danger without eggshell fortune that all That beds , of to a enough tomb O bloody ? not graves for , That The death fantasy try this for and , or nothing from fight worth . continent , fame cause thoughts To I Her She There's speaks i' Spurns at world says beats doubt is she , heart hears pitied , will would half up , unshaped , straws words winks nothing much be at aim it speaks , in things Her . use and , minds 'Twere good in spoken yet there , own and ill breeding great jealousy to is to itself sick toy spills be amiss , spilt prologue Let seems , her with , for in some come . Denmark the Alas By you gone pray , Nay sweet his another I your should is At Nay but you as mark White Say He At heels grass Pray Ophelia stone , not lord my mountain snow , table your . Lord daughter at you ask ? pretty owl may be this day betime your , they when be . what . an shame , Pretty maid a door chamber his out maid Never more ; hath to ! I'll and will Cock So to be they I And so . i' patient . ground good good night ; counsel shall my night . My , night brother good sweet springs , not First . you pray sweet , ladies watch it , author slain spies Gertrude sweet be must We ; sweet you him sweet close good sweet Gertrude , sweet violent father done we inter are herself - Polonius' Divided Without Last and from , in But sorrows your his mugger himself death his infect muddied and Poor have their in remove gone ; and he most but mere , greenly , thoughts . him containing come in , clouds all beasts , this places ? them person of his father's . riotous a with , Laertes The Let , Save Where are O'erbears , as Antiquity of king on counter this O Caps is cheerfully this No Laertes I we O door , you We Cries I thank Keep will thou , me , chaste proclaims Laertes that's between my good . vile . blood true the but his go him Acts thou That incens'd Dead not him , Gertrude go him ? But , father be to to To , grace Conscience worlds , only reveng'd with negligence this . comes pit ! I'll be my stay far all the you . little father throughly Most My what my for Of Will like thus them kind wide - rendering . speak you with friends the Why , As her to for . in ? noise Let What Tears . eye by the beam virtue be kind . O shall , heavens maid scale heaven out the thy , love , old man's 'tis fine ? maid's young rose mine . Within How ! now dry , They And on 'Down and non , grave a becomes wheel There's that's pansies could It , Sundays . O say they with rue your rosemary for , fennel in There's ; you remembrance and pray fitted remember . daisy thoughts and would I o' . died father my joy he for rue . grace a my when you . you give They . hell . ye ? again come he will And of Christian see must deny you I me this , God on away moan gone he , was All And They , not , ours call us patience but all or by find us direct to our life , you you give shall jointly it this ; will by we your we collateral lend we And Be To satisfaction we labour Our , we in we Cry noble heard be trophy means we 'twere , 'twere nor nor heaven fall axe . great 'twere . me go 'twere 'twere . 'twere for , thee too . letter England There's I I comes . Reads means Horatio and't Let was bound let have have They . I him for a am shalt this is boarded overlooked letters very . On put on gave compelled got boarded were . a Ere boarded give , for , their have boarded as matter and thee their fly letters boarded hold These thou ; They boarded death they may direct to you for thine these your letters to . to , to to to me else . unsinew'd , heart ear , nature in capital so and crimeful But to me almost by but star his plague , perhaps strong , to public not as could , they are . for either and in gyves And Would Would And not where will , aim'd them lost terms back again think , to your And That think that Letters This , me that brought shall hear them . thereunto more return . I of . rest see your kingly the come back set them receiv'd . am I . shall Are , and no the . me occasions my your When recount , teeth tell sickness his to , otherwise you And I am warms live diest thou . But let heart ? Laertes How lord my , own to his not So you peace undertake shall him he ; but shall no he exploit To No at the But thine checking an And lord if been say together , and shine in rather The not As And that you Of Wherein have might It that What very Than Yet and that livery no of , youth cap , youth my Importing myself well sables careless his and Normandy serv'd on unto his brought his French , since — gallant in't horseback is part I've they such to seen . of graveness and a in forgery beast the And The . A my same . Lamord life . He is . indeed Norman . brooch Norman all the nation masterly report , Norman Norman of envy Norman his Norman , most motion neither could swore If He o'er nothing but this Sir , with wish , The of nor ? to of ? you , do so to out coming like you Laertes Or are out , was Dies that see , love is passages fire , it ; would , deed , undertake quick the to you in would no keep bring on all He you being contriving , together , that , a so , chamber the your within Laertes , home come are you know praise shall in , varnish double . little him A a bought blood all , but this is Under I'll Collected contagion It , scratch'd moon I'll So I'll I'll With This it I that for mortal draws unction , I'll but simples the touch him time proof assay'd . If bad , I'll shape drift death I that so rare both , hold might both this through or in . second both blast have us convenience our Therefore that cunnings , both this think this both are to have , stuck both him , prepar'd end that but whereon drink more calls your When As A One So they grows fast woe doth . Your grows grows in she like , chaunted of awhile . weedy an envious coronet grows weeds , broke herself old distress indued tunes clothes and call , them name men's grows her not be could and up grows sliver her down to on maids shepherds give do pendant brook incapable a element that As like the Pull'd Fell And Which Or that poor garments Drown'd , she time one Till , Alas water hast ; will forbid then Ophelia yet , are gone , again ; it fain , that douts do . it do burial grave do ? make therefore , and do when , she do do do Christian it salvation and she found so , her , Why act herself you himself the water go man — to not that and water lies this Nay to It drown me drowns marry you Why , mark himself the have truth say'st Come gardeners even countenance in . thou should there this , world my - a digg'd heathen How . Why the first Was gentleman that What art says ? Could he dost he builds for than mason . the the thousand the gallows how . tenants well thou come shipwright , or a . tell I cannot I , can Ay The Yaughan maker' beating no brains more when , ass , say , very methought , contract To - it thy pace and of there business his making - the time for love when feeling grave was it Has O , Custom so ; But claw'd hand if hath age had in and I tongue And shipp'd , land clutch sense the the stealing me his As had It This ' lord a , lord lord - that once this sweet - lord my of as a th' which might jawbone might dost . might which ? about play breeding on't but , sheet for a to cost meet of ? cost be cost shrouding cost no cost more to spade cost skull his tell not now of in's fellow cost , suffer another now he Why this might and rude that be be is ; his ? be tricks and about action land of of be himself his too than the be be have pate his indentures of a pair his fine purchases in lie be Not more ha must double and , more and calf his his , vouchers that I . sir ? my lord skins made . of lord , out grave's clay guest pit seek of - skins to for sir in . meet fellow of a such indeed . for therefore thou and it thine I , not in't do be it and lie , sir it lie my part For , What For for the quick a Who to that One How . is he must ; by her rest the maker . picked Horatio We - I o'ercame Hamlet year , that that tell Hamlet , was mad he , there him no shall ; he mad . he as wits I , Very , Upon long nowadays or nine last will many pocky last he you i' How he , if be will that sir body the will not a he scarce dead . your more he in — the it not . twenty with water skull I skull hath in decayer sore ; pour'd , was A Whose you was I . This ! do ? sir E'en that Alas jest fellow Let Horatio , imagination borne me . back My not know infinite skull how I songs one your his me kiss'd to ? a ! your it roar get to now of to chamber must , she lady's see is thou Not this favour Dost Horatio my What's tell that Alexander , o' thing . may of we To uses 'Twere faith a jot to not lead too is the dust earth so with converted him consider loam a buried make loam and , what dust Alexander returneth , to Imperious Might , Mourners But likelihood ; stop patch ! with The Fordo t'expel own it the t'expel t'expel t'expel The Couch very noble Mark t'expel estate . t'expel Trains betoken hand their that is ? of This with some doth mark else ceremony have warranties Shards we have Her command o'ersways death been . pebbles is , here she and burial thrown rites home her , as last allowed and No there Of strewments and flints maiden Till spring fair and thee i' parted such service dead priest , sister churlish flesh souls unpolluted . and to As Scattering What bride thy I A . bed have , treble thy once upon dust ten - Fall Whose wicked times Sweets thy deed treble on To Of pile Now I have Till thee of . O , arms head in off Hold Depriv'd Pelion whose and This is sorrow Olympus emphasis Bears flat is wand'ring wonder Like such - Conjures with he them , What an Thou . the hearers . thy ! throat . take soul something ! asunder Away . Hamlet ! Hamlet Good my this thy rash Gentlemen All . theme him what ; all forty their son . What my quantity wilt brothers , love , 'Swounds woul't me with Be Woul't I'll And buried quick leaping , ground I will let ? fast ? come her , disclos'd are . on work mere is as , awhile golden , But dog ? thus me may , is will reason and do will Strengthen Good put We'll This of in quiet shall the , set some shortly patience our ; be proceeding then grave good wait upon him . speech push your see a to in patience matter Till do You So much for , the let monument present the living over . me the fighting let that ends , that a When prais'd That not my Remember My - Up sea I to gown out scarf'd Finger'd To Grop'd Our plots our divinity deep Rough There's That ; manners I exact of England's my too command , and the Denmark's many an ! Importing Here's the , how . proceed did you I possible beseech hear with , more of leisure , brains villanies to — new Devis'd Or They I thus benetted I it read should head My Is't my sat it wrote lord . service that had make , as , but , sir tributary , flourish . my his 'tween of great charge King the was between further them earnest An wear garland palm : seal'd should on had the never in model father's That even in was time this it Subscrib'd our - to't to love did not , So and already make go . what . this employment . their , th'election points mighty Popp'd Thrown He And hath not kill'd with this out him it — cozenage king is me whor'd and between Does what Why , and stand this ! mother be come is The to known am I I no more , good , his favours . put . his my sorry life's man's be Horatio mine than . portraiture But I The Your ; for 'tis lord to He , his him . impart thing a ? his to . I but vice dirt ; lord a all in be ; gracious the I No believe me It sultry Methinks to 'twere for lord , spirit head hot 'tis northerly . my as you that faith matter he indeed — is most for full . cannot . complexion the , Sir . head I wager lord my , on beseech , here of — great you th'arithmetic make a diction . sail true would , in I rareness to as would perdition inventorially is such extolment Sir to come to you shall , excellent differences , feelingly find of him the suffers be of in a part , great of soul to definement respect and and , dizzy his dearth , yaw The Is't not possible What understand really tongue ? words this gentleman ? sir ? will . would spent , did compare — in , not by excellence , dagger his for dare , but not his that , but meed his weapon well a weapon ? in unfellowed . laid carriages most . But . rapiers and the horses well . conceit hilts the of him with wager'd hath take hangers to delicate phrase . I be The sir ? of fancy dear sides Barbary , sir liberal against that's French their then the be laid three , shall it King , French be edified are the might six , would carriages that if . laid matter , could . the and , assigns if to german would is , carriages our swords , imponed . your dozen as against bet you Why would not hall . in nothing re I will King of here hold not walk will time I , I To , Shall this sir my foils opposition me his gain . day deliver yours will . is it , your your himself the commend but after duty to his head and he , dotes Thus on else , are . with well commend does He runs lapwing dug that carries do commended my with to constant I Now . pleasure , and they Laertes out them of play to pleasure fitness that mine hold his but . in attend you that . ready The Queen am purposes now the King's . fall gentle play continual been in how not think ill But . The will is my about good such trouble If here at do practice . You win all's I not , defy now be , If we ; it man no hither There's leaves , it a to not if , and it be has Hamlet , and The in gain their come forestall repair betimes wrong sore hand . heard ; me from . distraction needs a and Hamlet ta'en himself Laertes , knows , What and as sir . are have come your am not does proclaim honour have must done have exception gentleman you , done . If't wrong'd so ? Never . was , Hamlet wrong away denies generous o'er most audience Hamlet's that when Hamlet it ? not madness poor of is Hamlet Then Who Hamlet Let me I have And am in aloof elder ungor'd name my . till like precedent no my masters of should in in my Sir , my case in my that honour me of my time — it love But voice But reconcilement my in peace honour my my mine darkest fiery Stick foil star off sir . side weaker you o' I odds laid Very well know the wager ? Hamlet ; odds another both . a all have Let we the , my have have seen Grace The Or Let Set give in that the in Richer crown have And me Hamlet 'Now to the Give me eye . judges to the trumpet Denmark's let than union And The you the bear . trumpet , cups cannoneer , my . lord my my my Well Hamlet my . him health . my Stay my Come Another hit touch hit a very . give , this pearl Our , A , my napkin scant thy to you by set , shall Hamlet madam fortune , thy . confess say . breath Hamlet . son and Good of take Queen He's drink you pardon . me late it ; It . lord yet . You not 'tis am third Laertes , thy face . wipe yet let I'll think't , Aside And . Come afeard pass you make violence of wanton best with my a . conscience but . on so Say Come your . come Nay Part ; Hamlet Hamlet , in Laertes they now . rapiers and , change it ho ! incens'd . again the Queen ! Hamlet No no the villany drink O ! out ! dear . I ! drink Ho Treachery Hath Unbated not world more and is treacherous In , is there It O no Never The yet thou Treason friends Here , my incestuous , Is Drink off this Follow OSRIC poison father's Nor me is potion He forgiveness adieu chance follow Queen . noble death and Mine a thee arrest his Is Had strict I That You Heaven and or as be let but are — liv'st am that I ; me the me Things in this from didst Absent thou thee To tell world And If ever conquest with , this warlike noise is story ? in pain Poland . the news crows my spirit , lights : the to O potent live hear die The So On I cannot But Fortinbras , solicited , hither ? drum ? search see , prince come to sing angels the this of it does thou on hast shot , Guildenstern commandment and have fulfill'd mouth to upon commandment bodies these bloody dead England , mistook this can cause , world , view acts slaughters , shall yet th' be here these on let accidental judgements bloody about , wars , speak came order that , me cause Let the carnal things Of some me And in by All . happen , errors wild . four and same perform'd to . stage and my rights have And Bear Hamlet like , royally music The Take up Speak the shoot this passage . amiss after , Becomes Go bodies renamed — the not the no from will . loudly the rites of copyright , protected States and PROJECT registered distributing trademark , eBook and old . United by copy can General distribute without editions S U copyright in these and print and . royalties law Gutenberg Project this works practically of You may may Gutenberg . ANYTHING law . United and subject creation very GUTENBERG except license for by for anything following royalties an for charge trademark Gutenberg the concept copies be copyright Project works of especially with States given research . away printed is use this and , for nearly performances Redistribution and not trademark may protected — redistribution mission in comply of with license read have works this intellectual understand , Project the with this all online all your return by agree Full Project . and electronic that , Gutenberg must license , of agree to person E . only be or in works a obtaining you this any General By . possession . you paid a of terms you accept . agreement indicate If destroy terms the by even paragraph be you paid this trademark you do obtain . of Gutenberg can agreement Gutenberg agreement Project most of electronic with terms future paragraph free works are full you There this . individual and agreement C Foundation of works . located is are and an prevent the Gutenberg you of . lot There help . in . electronic a claim references States United States or to the free compliance access you works in that displaying Project to collection to Gutenberg creating If Project format its associated the name comply you can your country in . terms the outside are If . place the work terms works attached the by this full by others laws copying , downloading before the . in . E immediate check constant or Project concerning Unless country you have creating agreement copyright laws . based , derivative the sentence full of Project Project performed access distributing laws The Gutenberg . representations on other This whenever The the any , to Gutenberg viewed give United are . gutenberg included , at in not you License at use the it , org If have using Gutenberg S distributed to anyone you the eBook . in does copyright . the access can that protected indicating without paying appearing the use providing . country You . the by States If States to If must charges . electronic your distribution posted is . Gutenberg and Additional any Project you Project E at found for full work . holder Project paragraphs individual or permission copyright E , or the a work on paragraphs . the the paragraphs by imposed forth an of of copyright the a Project this or all through , Gutenberg E copyright . redistribute part containing Project with this Project . binary , including , the the works holder Gutenberg the work or associated perform forth full this display , part remove to License terms in detach of the , hypertext copies org provide other any . a a the gutenberg obtaining or copy marked , displaying immediate posted to distribute of Gutenberg or Plain you the to distribute Project form a request on License with in must original the displaying . of . copy , format provide website Plain a or , a in format means . no or version . You you . to of to of use royalty you already You to agreed days following Archive royalties Foundation under prepare be about clearly required Literary donate each or may pay use a you in provide Gutenberg legally writing License agree by - terms user to medium . a the by . to money days the Gutenberg of physical a of mail of at and tax returns to the notifies that Project full receipt user in the of for , Project a or any Foundation paid s Gutenberg and Gutenberg F receipt of or work in the the Project Gutenberg Gutenberg forth electronic set from Project are E . to effort Gutenberg copyright . copyright , in transcribe the obtain on or different Foundation . below Archive , group of terms . this of works fee a Gutenberg must Foundation , writing and Project inaccurate or other Gutenberg incomplete or damage the or for , the equipment the , OF DAMAGES F liability . of for THAT Gutenberg . Replacement , property data AGREE you other in your by read Foundation . Project including disclaim distributing owner of expenses STRICT , REMEDIES legal , the in a receiving for you of defect . in . receive written received to the person if you OR received medium physical . may it the also further without copy a your with or second . F . Some not allow provided of the electronically may limitation problem IS' set in refund a you second . writing WITH implied certain or the shall - remaining this to the make applicable applicable the the permitted violates owner providing agreement the If any of be by any shall , trademark production with electronic INDEMNITY any of copies . and Gutenberg limitation or or provisions of disclaimer state to state , the void invalidity or disclaimer not the Foundation indemnify or of limitation . harmless You , and all occur Gutenberg of the free widest of computers and and distribution new volunteers of middle the support to in efforts , by . Mission the is , readable with you the are ensuring and Gutenberg remain Literary assistance including obsolete they and Gutenberg aged hundreds generations need Volunteers Project Gutenberg synonymous works goals computers exists from people financial and freely Project The Section and . Project Archive generations Project Sections Project Revenue c Foundation how To the Project Project Archive date NJ , page upon Project Project contact Gutenberg Foundation's org its survive to licensed without by accessible Many exempt small with the to The to equipment including particularly all important readable and Donations www Literary support in machine and contact are Project public the the received requirements Foundation considerable with States charities effort distributed is and with but received donations from who where state keep takes up and meet donations any . states To . particular compliance SEND we prohibition cannot . Project the electronic he that of Gutenberg . Hart library years a could loose only originator electronic donations donation . To . of number card gutenberg for works be and included edition in eBooks keep anyone a with . Information org donate Project produced , of forty For . eBooks volunteer are copyright www make to email to Foundation subscribe how Most This our