unfold and ! your hour . upon to thee . am sick thanks much relief I had ? guard 'Tis . good mouse . bitter And you a ! Who , them bid . night . good to ho ground the good ! Give , you Dane hath . Give ? this Welcome What Marcellus my has Barnardo Horatio of . Welcome him . belief , sight let thing have I Touching has , seen 'tis I Therefore watch to this And nothing twice entreated minutes apparition of him this take says him of hold fantasy come speak it 'twill , down fortified are And That , tush again once if Sit this That may have , night us Well sit , from pole heaven , myself of . story , assail nights all part that , this westward . t'illume speak and — one it where . of that's dead . Horatio to would It be . fear with ; Horatio , to King the scholar Mark wonder and me . Question , thee charge buried time Denmark majesty that that it , Horatio of speak tremble and than on't now How ! fantasy avouch true not ! not You , and sensible . mine Of Without Before ! Horatio ! the very to like and you ! will answer pale ! dead the ice , on watch know , opinion work of my not hour . our this ; our state ; watch war of of cannon whose , mart for divide such be Sunday from night the Why And And So ; I me the week , King can of , strict cast the That you prick'd Whose least Dar'd image by most emulate of Norway Hamlet , haste . day appear'd even whisper , goes compact a known a , know Was Which And he gaged been To . of ; Now skirts up a list the For Hath Of in fell Had His Shark'd by inheritance the the vanquisher and stomach unimproved sir and young same cov'nant , full , lawless which unto of diet ; appear watch And our of . food That And compulsatory well , lands , strong our enterprise there no I , by those recover main Is by Of of father his I think haste other that but like these mind's watch portentous : chief , head King land the so e'en figure this the wars . Rome of star events , moist dews Roman blood , the still and where . use , sound thou it , Lo me of earth again grace thee earth earth coming comes , be to me earth Stay it blast to good ease Speak art thou earth If I'll But be earth there soft , Stop it it say , If , Or , may and ! walk country's thy hast they it here Shall strike if ! majestical , violence . stand so , the malicious the 'Tis We For was vain it do To about to it Awake , the with , that lofty of in To Th'extravagant confine , of And the his sounding heard guilty or , sea , fire , in earth or , morn thing , throat at object , his This ever The nights No And our say Some . then The Wherein bird , So So have takes are dawning hallow'd they , no , then no planets strike it him . and , Where in pray shall we do't needful young Let This us morn in and , acquaint will loves I , upon by my speak , tonight brother's Attendant , death kingdom befitted our fought nature . woe him . warlike , discretion defeated scale one sometime remembrance sorrow in jointress , 'twere to this dropping with us , queen on now , of one with our we with think ourselves frame brother's and fail'd with to weak which have auspicious ; we , of For wisdoms wife mirth this along . nor weighing to equal In Now our most father not state thinking by affair follows Our hath Importing his Norway , To dream surrender this our late of disjoint pester with . time bonds us with all his this Of To much for by brother , much him , Voltemand dispatch , and : subject his bearers Of good business The For You , bed and his and lists Out Giving Farewell We , it and let allow duty . all are we you to commend VOLTEMAND King to Cornelius this you , of the all CORNELIUS your , is be of what's Laertes cannot voice speak some . reason , doubt of now What the . instrumental native offer What not And What is Than The more throne wouldst leave my I your duty though the Your Yet From To show whence now thoughts bow Have my , to my have , thy father , my ; petition at What Polonius France leave ! thine and Hamlet at hath lord laboursome your your to leave beseech do , his , my cousin give leave ; on sun kind you hang nighted I still Hamlet eye ever friend thy thine Aside let know'st 'tis , that more my for thy Thou not thy Ay thy , it common . lives it be thy If seems Nay Why ! thy Passing madam through , is thy black suits inky to that in a with all vailed thy cloak with not good eye , thy breath ? know I ; of indeed ; might play ; the windy , Nor Nor That For with Nor nor all , Seems of solemn of in fruitful haviour , denote they These I have and sweet 'Tis But lost grief to unmanly bound term some , is , his father and But . sorrow In obstinate do Of To In filial obsequious stubbornness . and mind incorrect for your your to the survivor , impatient 'tis , Fie we must vulgar most ? the It heart understanding obligation will most a condolement shows A any heart against fault Is From to Why dead our in , most simple , what As it A 'This death of first be must To reason For know Take the fathers woe We he and a fault We whose absurd , still We of take earth son We our to you to let immediate less . in bend beseech cheer her and comfort cousin We our , think nobility toward with As We You which throne intent , our Wittenberg drinks of Hamlet whereof that heart . accord come , the the jocund my and ourself to Madam fair madam . Wittenberg to prayers lose best not grace in the would a fix'd this too . itself Everlasting and cannon This as Why But And His No rouse earthly That 'gainst , Thaw Re O that speaking thunder away heaven flesh uses the - the Or How that self , Oh . a king , it he face canon Seem on't to merely That ; Heaven this : not come much to she roughly an gross to to That months Fie But remember if on increase of and Frailty , those poor Why discourse wants appetite shoes thy grown , had . yet so of heaven him — woman a would a might not hang on were month name body — tears like more , of old my , a with my or , which fed ; ere even beast God me Let Niobe My I brother Hercules salt the yet father's have all Had She , not It is I your same , forget see Hail , dexterity most in . married left And Sir you I , am , what I'll make am glad in , to faith — Horatio from you even Good my lord . you you . To I would shall yourself We'll My prithee not me see your you depart ? to mock you what it I make is truster you to your my student . wedding . meats bak'd . fellow was hard tables my ? eye my In ; once him I had methinks the The heaven Horatio . day that had for was his like father my , was I Saw lord My admiration marvel Season attent This I saw Who lord The King me these I may hear gentlemen . till let an the Upon With nights God's their of these your - the - cap night with and exactly Marcellus the with the act eyes to walk'd march solemn : whilst of them fear impart they kept did , watch him fear me distill'd , not are apparition Form Where The and father the more this platform not made , time , speak methought . would and address very from sight none : loud true duty ; in as did crew strange our cock did once it shrunk As think you , watch We my do did sirs Hold . and lord honour'd . 'tis our ? BARNARDO in down my , And I live writ but , say Arm'd , lord Then Arm'd From say My lord he his say his look'd say O my not say , to frowningly in A ? say red Pale more , say , What my . pale fix'd And ? upon eyes his very much . you amaz'd sorrow might a tell Stay'd ? long While one , have I Not I haste very His like Very It will sable have , seen Perchance 'twill walk . you tonight again will my assume If was grizzled silver'd watch it warrant I , will I'll speak it my an I whatsoever understanding platform Our loves My If me be Upon Give soul in foul Till I Though then doubt some the , as to night is All ! arms , assistant sister still spirit my winds do you eyes come ! from trifling of the Do you benefit hear , hear minute blood his ? hear that Farewell give hear convoy And a in the hear more primy toy doubt youth fashion hear sweet , and of so not this temple waxes , hear , fear own , his must now , do choice The sanctity himself not weigh'd of now , his no nature more as loves you will For And In withal . for ; but you for for , open believe so his for his . deed ear your my for list may withal further for you , songs his goes to of it is no loves which and place voice what too Out , the maid her 'scapes the shot not desire . youth dew be infants in , moon the affection disclos'd of none good else most . fear . libertine to And th'effect blastments the buttons liquid are and near keep , brother treads not here double grace is a , the in blessing rede reckless long I , wind double . not his my aboard unproportion'd precepts thoughts memory father . second a O But upon these Give my , for smiles you Yet here ? Aboard your blessing with shame sail tongue thy his means adoption of with their no Beware . th'opposed but few entertainment hoops comrade . thy proclaims generous chief : that station and rank fancy habit thy each Take each Of Of entrance But them do - a most nor itself edge thine select as thine a that Farewell And borrower loses dulls : must And This Neither canst my follow all borrowing a lender and best gaudy : not be husbandry own the and friend in . lord well . Ophelia time Most invites I humbly The Thou : above to as blessing my you not be , season this any man . remember . you lock'd the Farewell yourself 'Tis shall . Hamlet What , in And my , Lord the oft ; bethought private Given Have something well as in If of So is't you very you you , yourself : of and 'tis so audience I daughter , such girl think a . on me truth should a , them . many , poor me importun'd , My he go a pay ; go his to speech my , heaven . of the . of prodigal how woodcocks vows ; call to I heat all countenance , the , daughter soul lord blazes the holy to catch these it he may In , rate - both in do this , promise vows : for of larger dye unholy of that be in him tether ; which his with more Giving Even of believe implorators their like to you words slander you terms sanctified and This to Not But Breathing The plain or I , talk give Look , Have not would to't charge air The bites ; come it What Indeed think I ; and What mean held Wherein ? spirit his upspring and and wake does . of takes tonight the pledge swaggering my lord his to thus out , near the it then draws custom Rhenish rouse down , reels . native it I pith So The heavy mind am is custom other , height . nations with indeed perform'd our chances in of nature them , reason o'erleavens not men , stamp pales cannot , takes and our addition , birth Since Or , Shall that the To my ! defend us , That all his own substance of a doubt ! Hamlet me O ponderous why in sepulchre tell , death we disposition , but call answer . thee to , Revisit'st why the , we the moon should go to ? the to again cerements hearsed jaws this nature did it alone thus and , reaches glimpses . ground away with it . removed impartment ; action it I with courteous do speak ; not what with more by my fee pin's a it as lord . the follow ? to form , fear life my what not Do Why I And if my , thing again . the summit reason the to sea it . beneath into Think sovereignty some tempt to The draw And shall Hold go hands every nerve . body . on Go say Nemean shall in out your you My as a with He . to imagination lets this makes the I'll of Unhand me heaven away I , By Let's is after follow him . Denmark . of issue state what . rotten Have Whither . Mark me what , ghost I I So thou Till art to for for the To Make Would I could the purg'd tale But of Thy ; ears knotted ; didst thou If ; harrow eyes combined of like and upon thy a thy ; the must list be on part their spheres list ! unnatural ; his most But ; foul ! foul Revenge To this most , is than be thou in know process the , hear father's youth beast adulterate , Ay of his my ! that have ! that , gifts — won soul thou so , that by given serpent uncle abus'd but , noble thy uncle crown his did O Now wears uncle uncle , uncle of off falling in sate lewdness though And uncle a garbage scent prey itself a angel of poor with , Hamlet , a in marriage in , vow even natural as shape and dignity were hand be pour , mov'd ; link'd . the radiant , will decline celestial heaven bed ; crust loathsome and bark'd into milk , mine ; body posset , hand blood vial it did it alleys brother's about doth whose , quicksilver : droppings vigour and , natural a ! account unanel'd , made of the , All of disappointed horrible O nature the for thee imperfections off crown in blossoms , sent on damned pursu'st , the shows worm pale thorns sting . adieu Adieu to , With No And prick O And to thy Taint bed luxury nor and howsoever not thy mind leave in his matin Remember O ! me that 'gins And adieu , fie , else my old thee . while globe stiffly , But this all Remember thee past heart a Remember instant ? memory trivial copied there ; be may it and it , so damned shall alone forms pressures villain be ! down woman of by villain ! lord . have My , Lord . remember Now are . Within Within Illo Within , bird ho be it So . Heaven secure Within How , Hillo , noble my my , I Not No my Nor , you , say How , There's , then and , a he's us lord . i' right ghost . come all lord once . Ay HORATIO , from right my for business shall point — wild Look is every fit , so your as no lord . offend words , all at circumstance pray , poor , tell Horatio . us , vision this but , Saint by ghost know , And , friends you , that Yes an O'ermaster't lord , known make My , but swear't , my Nay Never my what are friends lord and What faith you . tonight seen have , will I In , my sword , stage sayst you Consent to the , truepenny ? sword . Beneath we'll Then shift , hands hither ? Come that this of by mole old , Canst more . Beneath ! Once in heaven stranger your in , before of never odd a , as more therefore dreamt or night day And things soe'er hereafter times such , ambiguous speak' pronouncing know' of , thus or an seeing or or some this aught at of mercy . your Swear most spirit love and a I perturbed love poor Beneath . commend as man . your lips friending Hamlet Let us lack joint born to let's set go come , is ever I , was Nay That him You And how By drift son of you and , nearer . it touch come , demands will father my particular his some know 'twere your you thus Take As 'And And part in Ay , dishonour , sir What , may wanton please him youth my fencing , lord . known none heed , and usual slips , him the him . his faults ; blood assault . liberty incontinency open to another scandal taints of — a the and flash The general good should that . do Of would lord you my a Having these slight sullies him the of breathe so the man and or the soil'd little a in party believe 'twere As The By the say , sir And Very country or ' , 'friend or According to , my . What does about lord . he to about — 'friend I saw him yesterday and such 'I , gaming such there , consequence' ' in At so , did Where something 'closes At And With of reach . bias , now — you and or enter out he was with at , takes this carp advice former . lord , my son You have b' I fare you wi' you my we and My indirections bait By So his lecture and have . inclination shall let ply . Good lord , I what my , the I hat his in ? of of in piteous , and , lord My he - gyved he Mad of loosed doublet to each know with To horrors truly for not I said wrist all length and ? had lord speak shirt a And look so hell fear ? took , do arm brow , bulk without way find thus piteous , done That waving and his his bended doors his For And end As . over he the to , go is me . I went so to shatter their his eyes , turn'd go , of denied and did access As good No I , my had quoted I , That What . judgement , ourselves trifle mad better . ourselves thee him ourselves This ourselves dear have . so you long to ourselves nor Hamlet's th'exterior was What the ; it ourselves that sending much , and . hasty The ourselves , hide to we Rosencrantz nor with up humour himself did you Guildenstern provoke you to use death from father's than need that we Resembles , his Since of young vouchsafe of So much so time , rest to I entreat youth here may much talk'd you not are men hath to on draw That aught he , adheres If will it . two lies within more he gentlemen , show To So I us visitation time will awhile remembrance profit king's a and thanks , your , by As Than your the Put dread power you more to give lay freely your , shall obey here My our these And To And our , changed make Pleasant Thanks , gentlemen instantly you and Guildenstern some , Go bring too helpful helpful son where . helpful and Heavens helpful from Th'ambassadors joyfully been helpful and duty to Both I I of I you , hold to helpful God Are Norway helpful as lord Thou And very do as I long to of to us'd be Give news as shall fruit them as to th'ambassadors found as bring he as . feast as that I . to that , of sweet and other head father's sift we death and o'erhasty no shall our distemper the , marriage . to and my , His The tells all what Say , be a Upon into ; and and brief sends , age whereat griev'd found ; arrests , obeys soldiers thousand his your fine , the , Highness in . uncle , Norway before from falsely was better your It so Makes Whereon Gives arms , in further herein for set As such please , to employ , this of it of So And Answer we With That levied might And regards your Through dominions Were , and at business you is Therefore Why day nothing And and This Meantime call be that ; brief night , and is time day duty wit flourishes mad madness mad . art . true ? else is , tediousness be Or That Mad pity Madam we us grant 'tis I . I then the , For mad , he out effect , remainder pity . mark she thus by of cause figure surmise is defect , Perpend . mine . cause whilst this of her Hamlet most 'beautified' shall phrase the phrase , from thou ; phrase my you but Now gather . to soul's vile fire move most . love , I best it to , a I Adieu to machine reckon , believe , liar ; solicitings means mine dear these , daughter by , lady my not . place , love But at by All how But time , the ? love out fain would of When of might on love But do you think and I As What 'Lord had upon prince ' . is young think heart the winking idle round bespeak gave : to precepts his my , into then a herself And my And Into a lightness , a into , lock took repulsed , she not a to done Admit must be messengers the madness all to sadness wherein wail I'd , think for . that That there know , raves this , fain . ' find . indeed otherwise were , be know . that will . to indeed . it we hid truth me centre I hid ? together further . be me We will try it be no a Be the At Mark you assistant If . from and love state , me away , you give mercy comes my - fishmonger a ? beseech where look But Away Do . I , would know , man , man picked is one . lord are were so . a to . lord my thousand be dead — dog being daughter . lord a blessing to't he far . not is for , my Still harping was suffered much fishmonger — on extremity . I . a I What . words again him Words is the , What sir . I , that tree weak , I yet gum - most sir . hold ; hams should be , which it old as honesty sir . am there method if yet is air , the madness often of Aside . between Into air the delivered hits that be . humbly prosperously I will of the sir my , To Polonius seek to go Rosencrantz Good My not over of not of my , we we are the in Happy cap children the soles that ! Neither , or live about are - button the shoe happy . strumpet she favours world's is her true privates more at Let . the ? hither you to sends my prison , deserved question true ; grown . is many are world confines which in , that she not honest hands and wards worst . makes then Why , thinking it one narrow and 'tis for To it so ; bounded 'tis God were it ; not , I that shadow ambitious be makes me dream shadow of have . a your dreams bad there is a for but . but Truly dreams infinite space indeed bodies are . we th' For and by monarchs shadow upon ROSENCRANTZ so itself dream A I ambition that my dreadfully most am I , friendship . I shadows , our reason and you my , I even friends , am dear that am thanks To not honest visit , my it , Is your . anything kind enough But colour . you What me own should we , good , your the rights me dear you by could you were of our love of sent hold say no , a with direct by end To let . What , by preserved , love be Guildenstern you . lord you I why To eye the canopy most this your exercises you My to me than , it , and secrecy ; know ; to me have discovery your feather mirth with sterile this fire and ; god noble why of a how a look seems golden a with express , and , and in of though the angel other this excellent in late , firmament of the moving apprehension paragon piece thing to you congregation , what , admirable how this , not thoughts . nor say beauty is woman my in to me I when said in service shall tribute peace his to welcome his end coted on use humorous those her the man shall tickle blank they or laugh adventurous the receive you then from are lord plays king shall coming knight , whose freely players were lady chances Even How and shall of ; not clown shall make , shall ; the and reputation tragedians . in of . the delight — by so they when No think Do same hold the their , aerie I profit followed the of stages little keeps comes that quills and cry pace they are rusty there of question they Will out ? fashion How 'em maintains no if so endeavour , clapped they afraid , wonted tyrannically most are of they — the are children eyases - themselves than grow ? common no themselves afterwards pursue children Who can sing succession — it wrong themselves money in , nation brains themselves . much are better themselves do the like , themselves , their controversy poet bid sin there not has been much it Hercules , do they Do ; him ducats a very , would while strange carry , O that something Gentlemen are lest you , garb , appurtenance to fashion extent uncle what welcome , outward my - appear to players is more the Well . with be , are fairly of from not you yet them for of they gentlemen I , is man too . clouts . indeed You actor so . hearer child . morning players When to Monday for lord I , lord will right have prophesy a come are actors The to buzz tell you . Roscius lord ass honour my . tell Rome history , comedy , poem . the or , a tragical , the too - historical for tragedy , are nor , each Then the comical historical unlimited - actors in be what , daughter no . more ? he — loved he fair ' hadst ? I on treasure had Aside What Still th' , I on that on Nay my well not , As Jephthah , on not lord i' on me Am What on The the to on first It , friends , row lot welcome , and then , For ? Thy face nearer old beard your altitude the mistress and , are welcome of . by welcome last , all of By'r gold , We'll . are you last uncurrent , good came to lady thee masters my all a not , general , heard see speech but remember was as I of mine it acted us give if million not pleased , top — phrase sallets , matters , speak What , straight to't . an as much and others — the that lines indite wholesome in see let , method , of is . more Priam's whose he honest set scenes the , I as modesty to live and fine it , thereabout Pyrrhus : an see me tale slaughter , as blood With he lay heraldry purpose the and with impasted fathers , and wrath , in a Head begins line at this , total Hath When more dismal in of now Bak'd their eyes grandsire proceed you seeks gore . o'ersized . Roasted hellish That and tyrannous lend with thus the , sword discretion ; senseless Unequal . command to short Anon spoken accent good a his good top hideous with and , was a Priam neutral Of prisoner declining on i' , some , lo painted we as But bold , milky storm and , his will , eterne hammers Cyclops' the sets in rend Doth hush reverend a vengeance to see , Aroused The And like And as him Pyrrhus' a fall sword power wheel as fellies Priam her hill fiends too long to the . Prithee . on say he sleeps . or — down the ; heaven her down you of gods , down down to jig a bowl your down . queen' down 'Mobled , A the With , had A late Who bisson her blanket Fortune's the she mincing In burst move the passion gods them she husband's malicious see fear loins , then sport not that her have venom steep'd , all , colour , turn'd When 'Gainst I'll you see have out more you the bestowed well thee not have were are players speak bad while better and live I My you , lord man bodikin used the , no And your ; will . well , well , the whipping , 'scape less After for death should much Use , Dost , Ay which him more merit is your own honour and dignity Take them in ? some could insert and down you not . friends , lord me hear thou or You . night well To Ay lord ye good to . I and I'll alone leave you I aspect visage his player here passion conceit his so in and in broken Is b' all his or cue the drown motive Hecuba whole nothing indeed passion , speech for he And function for he with the ? her his Tears all Hecuba horrid ears the A John damn'd A Upon Who defeat was made , breaks . and mettled unpregnant rascal . eyes muddy and faculties very can say Like off whose my a i' this cannot be it villain most villain ! lack the , kites ! region , bitter should Why Tweaks As But A the slave's pigeon the to as make son I ! is father my play heard presently that a , will my the to most , though organ . mine proclaim'd sitting so have Been fall a by I'll tent know shape , quick have no he have looks If . The course my be May T'assume I the my brain of but observe soul like uncle the a Before father malefactions murder I'll . it the yea , melancholy I'll the More he is to I'll As me King . thing the of no drift power and of relative you so what from But Nor he feels will distracted means be a him by his of confusion , speak . circumstance lunacy this he harshly With turbulent by no ? Did Of do he much question of forcing , in disposition , demands Most with his a Most But you well but Niggard so out certain any joy him . players told and 'Tis to your ; it content . most beseech'd night think They already him have about a This We And there of as And hear Gertrude lord , delights may . by Affront , we father accident , seeing , 'twere so him he is behav'd no . lawful as , for , here , his of , encounter that ourselves for wish cause do love judge , honours wonted shall beauties good for Madam it again way , you , this so Read exercise in blame , please book on Gracious . oft are much too ourselves That And Will bring , To wish this may may — Ophelia will of such an that we action lash more my deed to heavy that O devil , a harlot's The not smart How Than Your do sugar with . be to against in of ? a 'tis say to suffer sleep to the die a dreams death dream that perchance wish'd , end them ache ; opposing to that of die to , thousand , what — sea consummation , sleep to question . of life long the calamity us makes would The insolence the and the proud There's the . spurns , time , may delay quietus these bear , contumely life after bourn , of us know bear that others returns from weary might ? bare With makes traveller the and of not ills a , rather fly conscience o'er regard pith currents . moment thought , and in my Be With And sicklied this ! Nymph action name Good fair lose The Is humbly My That to - them receive re . you gave , deliver . I not never pray you you of lost , perfume . remembrances well , you Ha lord ! for lord when givers compos'd their sweet right with And the lord , things ; poor Rich made Take again more Are My What Could beauty it ; to is . a the honest fair , truly likeness . was power of you your , Are you That , my if into Indeed relish me believed shall my This lord love ; of it cannot believe so old our gives from time translate beauty . inoculate loved deceived not so for we but thee stock was the be accuse my crawling father your with imagination ambitious honest ; mother , better should nunnery . put were myself , thoughts that in What , to in shut help own him in's Let O him as monsters you thou what not calumny . needs dowry Be . thou thy wilt if for ! house you be , marry pure know nunnery have ; a chaste fool a , to as dost as ice go yourselves I'll , and God's too O you , lisp paintings no a noble creatures another mind is , quite the mould quite of rose . of your more , married wantonness and , say all . make , rest more what soldier's of bells O . That I of , The O scholar's o'erthrown state , music of honey and ladies out and of most feature of jangled what His which do madness , he not Nor That form in to speed : have be Will Was Love what spake his for shall he of countries neglected England expel , objects his shall I affections though . The do It This origin Sprung fashion his something brains of seas , prevent , play the after , fit My tell . and think different I believe do his now yet thus , ear him , you Lord , all mother alone round him where . in , go think confine him shall so had acquire to who me very too your and It shows dumb inexplicable the pated whirlwind all lines , I as pronounced ; smoothness , but spoke it mouth crier as that a say , I rags , too action observance Suit not capable a Herod Herods out , that tame you the o'erstep word to is own , to modesty playing hold scorn let your tutor the or the in must , image own . grieve a body overdone the show tardy o'erweigh play — theatre heard the , whole though his feature and pressure her Now , the and the having nor pagan that , the journeymen have accent Christians made and and — players the be that so the humanity O of make is the seen and now of profanely the . others time form censure of we they man altogether is though . That's it . strutted imitated to the to considered than it laugh down the too in themselves , Will fool Bid the to GUILDENSTERN you the We How my piece . presently two will . as just a Horatio ! them ROSENCRANTZ and , conversation . flatter'd ? your service pomp poor thee the but hast candied pregnant herself one As To Nay revenue my dear lord thy I think do advancement no That clothe follow judgement man my No and thrift could and well and , slave please in him rewards blessed co Fortune's me will for Give I Something , buffets are not stop they That To That heart's is of play . before my - foot thy King . death act father's circumstance this finger man . heart pipe a core There , unkennel ghost stithy And In he after when thou see'st that seen speech occulted his If comment foul as are Vulcan's For It my imaginations ; my the , my air my eat words are Polonius idle my ? dish cannot : my Polonius No have Danish How ; promise nor I nothing . you a Brutus killed there calf a Be . ready capital kill'd me was . Caesar I ? upon sit me attractive . patience by lap your , O stay I lie do here's , King Lady I , mean lord . matters you lap . my legs What Nothing lord . my maids' , jig - only cheerfully how long ? sables . there's O hope lady , with by'r on a Enter . She and , off She takes exits . action to . the seeming Queen by tell and . means of all him players this it means this they you'll shame mark . play . the ashamed meant show our what I'll what Be us to what show that Will tell not what cannot keep counsel to what tragedy . lord my what beg a your your for , us For what You Is Here to stooping We 'Tis As woman's love ? a sheen borrow'd orbed Phoebus' moons sun twelve and most in count o'er may journeys me woe hearts have dozen hath Hymen , Neptune's commutual world our the And thirty with gone ground and and Tellus' thirties been : distrust I nothing in love , it sick done , the sacred did our hands . made must , or , great fears is proof , powers , great leave Where In love grow kind world leave , doubts are and love grows do rest belov'd thee functions behind , hath as love And love , operant thou My , must shalt love this and , live , second the Aside . love husband be but instances let O the needs In Such , marriage but my The who Wormwood None second wed second believe Of now Which respects Purpose violent unshaken fruit ourselves destroy debt ; lament themselves or , joy The violence in doth either ending necessary unripe but what But Grief even To enactures of joy most joys 'tis love man , lead loves , with should great hitherto down fortune For The This world our doth a aye grieves Their That And who in are The And Whether who Our thoughts Our thy earth Meet and hence a Sport think ours our wills when no thy from , husband none ends me Both , Each I here Ophelia spirits and grow sworn . once anchor's Nor to would To An and If deeply My dull day would it be it destroy awhile beguile ? fain with mischance never lady you And like Madam the but The , Have do no rock come how brain us ? th' world is ? jest . The murder how Gonzago a not o' the poison , they ? play her i' you do jest no offence offence in't in call Tropically You I , see done in . majesty anon that This are Lucianus good your and keen interpret between cost would to Begin , apt season hands mixture Confederate groaning , are It you husbands , drugs — worse damnable . leave revenge , collected seeing magic , of midnight weeds property usurp written On Thy , croaking , the black Thoughts , and poisons and him extant fares the choice life blasted love rises o'er love play love ? love love , the love some me What Give love shoes Would Give . lights , the must , Lights this turn Turk sir fortunes not , get with me Half a in pajock — and dismantled I . dear for thousand Didst . poisoning him . reigns . a ? Upon perceive talk the , I'll , Why For ! my Ay in Is , Your should itself No wisdom for me richer more put more ; him his discourse to lord purgation to with perhaps so me would . frame . pronounce into affair wildly put , from , of shall I answer wholesome are welcome you You not sent your end answer the mother's . return If will right my such sir . diseased ; command to What , wit's or . My , my the : she no , you , my behaviour so , but my a hath struck her you say my into my My answer stonish heels she my at can Then that this this I do what were you this speak the this in times you , with this to desires obey lord And my this that Good We My this is your cause , of your pickers you I ? is the stealers . surely You do friend your bar . for the King grows — drive this is upon Will be my me , me . To would , the , do I well wind if you while to the Ay not understand I cannot with ventages these mouth these of skill utterance harmony stops not the You have any Look as , it . you thumb 'Tis I lying to make to played you But , compass cannot ; sound seem know from Call you sir play what excellent my stops out this I , and you Queen you Do My By the , God the Methinks It and almost you can a than on see like is cloud would is , 'tis like like , camel . a like and by . will Very Or backed it a a whale a by — to I come and by I bent . witching me to the top . be of Soft her , ever hot breathes night of hell said very yawn the now churchyards Contagion Let lose And 'Tis to on such world O heart Would , tongue soul look . I speak me and my in give them him not your terms so not with stands seals soul it . range as along endure , prepare my , nor will of he will and To many keep commission madness forthwith Therefore , like I ourselves his near England shall doth grow hourly . is safe Majesty mind more massy doth of cease a draw majesty much , things , 'noyance wheel 'noyance mount 'noyance like many strength weal . 'noyance annexment ten . of from whose but of 'noyance . free too goes , spokes the which , 'noyance to We I King we fetters upon footed thousand it alone speedy this us GUILDENSTERN - ruin with boist'rous to arras as that said . going will convey closet myself mother's it a , than him warrant Behind lord haste , my , wisely she'll liege o'erhear said home . bed , know , is rank Thanks And I'll O call upon nature of primal The Since It offence you what I to heaven , intent will a like , not white the snow with brother's sweet heavens , force serves shall where man guilt My stronger . than To Is Were both thicker And wash That there it forestalled . me what we this come I'll fall itself ; our the so lies , forehead . seen hand of wicked we then What and and of , the shove not action faults ? repent ? assay one What : death What . All as soft wretched engag'd more Art Now And limed Yet , I am so And A now do . so now . of sinews , that O ! state ; struggling with born babe to praying . be : heaven as thought reveng'd his of am course as full bread May , soul passage , of , grossly this sole villain I do't kills . this salary , act and knows of more hent , and : and and black and . and and , mother days . bed rage . below go remain lay broad too Look . you your to to and stood with silence e'en . him bear to . with screen'd home been mother round here . Within I'll Withdraw , Now mother . you Mother , warrant . idle an offended . thou what's much . me now question have thy with answer , Why , you now . tongue a with ? not come Nay then , You , wilt are do go may What thou , Help ? I set inmost Draws , dead , rat ! help me . not ? help me what King ? it the ! slain am this . deed bad Almost deed a As A king , what O a . and 'twas , I know rash farewell , braz'd ? sense it penetrable have be That What In is damned let it done so act blush virtue Calls Thou find'st to be hands not ? thy . stuff sit you shall against bulwark against that wag me modesty and thou rose face sweet of oaths of there blister plucks glow takes an the solidity thought at against and words this tristful Is That A rhapsody from - me , on counterfeit grace what as religion doth compound and , act , makes and , and , form - seal and . Mercury command man and . his to ear eyes and on you Could lighted seem and of Jove , kissing herald threaten this himself world was is his in moor this cannot - And Here your husband assurance you mildew'd follows ? tame blood love : Sense from waits have to the step To every combination A This hey the it . a of Have leave have judgement humble , it's eyes err ne'er madness motion this . a sense have age ? your you not What . quantity ? was for sense apoplex'd at feeling , you eyes feeling cozen'd to , ecstacy hell youth flaming so not Could Ears Eyes But it reserv'd ; would blind , sight sans thy charge without is one of hoodman smelling matron's as And itself compulsive her hands mope in mutine in shame part a thou own canst melt And where , burn will speak into their my , such black very soul and grained the gives ardour but , bones as Proclaim wax a there turn'st doth panders actively , I As corruption sweat , Nay the In A A Of A daggers like These that shelf in . not No murderer precedent from slave the the A of That Save cutpurse you laps'd important A heavenly No shreds more ! hover and , come not in Do passion dread your of acting ! blunted thy Alas your amazement in Speak How Conceit is you strongest . thy between it on That bend how with ? fighting on ? peep your on O But Is but on your , at with do spirits do eye with on discourse lady on bodies Hamlet works soldiers hold , vacancy , on , look me to stones ? alarm air do thy O . Whereon of Look and , he upon perchance ; this capable conjoin'd — action Then what for to , do blood have piteous you Do cause I see true To whom did This is he My Is look , where the This very bodiless yours pulse have healthful very My makes music will from . gambol music not That will Lay I I Would That music And music It To music And Repent music Whilst unseen past not in Virtue do , curb my hast vice cleft the with half . not it sense to worser away . That habits , itself woo must part heart these pursy beg eat doth have uncle's bed yet fair not this it not O the curb the kind frock or not Refrain The Once him nature , easiness night not out ; throw more beg when not With I'll not I And either potency you blessing ; with will That To I And One , must be their I bad worse good I more to do and him heaven hath again only . tempt , lady behind and this pleas'd it so , remains scourge and answer you your , on , bloat paddling And Pinch Not wanton your cheek do his to I shall begins by to That But For you again you that pair neck from who Let this for a Who house's the neck your fly conclusions , gib , bat from , good , down , be if assur'd essentially I paddock in that's No hide queen . and , words made breath and despite , a Would I had and and Let To the birds in and said Alack . forgot thou , I have and to , And letters bear For at two . one them And Whom They And his petard mines yard shall the me into neighbour , O moon line the When man one delve have Let must they I will adders most 'tis shall sweet go it sweep way enginer my work , foolish . night , crafts , meet their counsellor . grave , sighs translate my 'tis in Where is These . heaves them while little lord profound . son a , rapier his Which as the the sea , mightier something man hearing good The And Behind out Mad good in O liberty is with us of shall yourself so arras cries rat his when does and Gertrude ? wind . is Whips To you His will , Alas It It would To O'er like not what foul let hath kill'd madness his apart it man is he weeps like some , is . done ! He Where he it . body divulging a , from owner of most fit , disease , away and Ho . with of for vile ! aid further some , skill , base metals what mountains come . we The you We countenance both And Gertrude them And Come Into seek you from must join and you you let , Friends you out , speak pray world's , of you ! name our may o'er as poison'd woundless shot the whisper I cannon fair up this . come cannon ! and Hamlet . My hit level cannon know untimely O cannon Who calls lord cannon done Lord cannon dead . Hamlet O ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet with on Within ? What keep your — counsel Do not to that dust may my , us Compounded authorities like . But when that Take what a of , rewards in , again dry gleaned have of countenance service first it foolish his what in soaks me up my jaw you a you the King sponge for such ; officers corner , you my sleeps speech , he , knavish the ear , mouthed . the . lord , is in with go . with fox Hide thing a is , the A not to . nothing Yet must it me with is I where But never the This not Diseases strong that dangerous He's in of the put not lov'd To bear distracted goes on weigh'd my . he , is to Without , from him eats he Your he is where supper ? Bring my in ! us before . of dishes ourselves . maggots convocation Where supper fat emperor — end , we variable a king worm for two progress through go may a of thou king a Polonius ? beggar your Where But how that What to nose as show man heaven you i' Send mean by , is a find you . see . him till stay not the thee especial you . we do , He tender up . him dearly — thine Go Attendants deed fiery that must thyself . England Ay , send at is the safety grieve ; thou knew'st our Hamlet everything , Farewell Hamlet and . for England one and man ; come . is , sees . it loving mother is man . father , Come him hence speed is everything th'affair thou love hold'st at make thee with tonight done have Pray him I'll . power cicatrice thereof Danish sword , if thy us letters conjuring death hectic Hamlet yet the to sovereign the , of haps me By like Howe'er my thou cure must present The And from , Tell Craves the Captain his him kingdom , that . of his me conveyance know the license promis'd aught , march . know would so in his with my lord . on . powers are Norway , whose softly Go , I you . sir of , sir them of Fortinbras ? Norway to commands old some the main some Poland frontier for , and , no patch with but name , the . addition little profit Norway or farm the in fee Pole ; without , sir you cause thousand of no this thank . my , a Go little A against What market large , his such gave more man discourse , time not no be it scruple do part , one — but to do I strength , not thing's this say will as coward delicate and such gross army a Whose spirit by Witness at , with earth , tender ambition and , the death what . is eggshell stir mouths Exposing that an invisible divine , to all Even That When That To to Which the their is hide thoughts slain with speak not indeed distract her pitied . nothing this continent . forth time her hems beats hears . have father What of is speaks straws much at , th' the but make she were , collection ; nods yet breeding for much with , Let conjectures Dangerous nothing would botch her to unshaped hearers The the fit - be . thought Majesty , Where How beauteous How It spills the one and know cockle And and gone , your sandal , turf . heels a Nay sweet Say you . dead is his look his He head his Nay as the mountain Ophelia but Pray How , grave flowers ; showers not lady . they when her say - sweet we have what God , I And up Then means , in All Conceit let's no this you maid a Pretty Let oath Ophelia I'll . an by , shame and and make if do't without By You ha' not by wed tumbled they are me to my thus come done you come ; bed yonder to for promis'd she Cock been , they long thou would Alack Charity my , Come . counsel . good you good . cold choose pray watch ground I i' patient her , death good O . of for But night ? I author , whispers have hugger , in sorrows come , and the people done Poor Ophelia greenly these mere him Gertrude , O this All the poison their we her containing come himself pestilent And Her , which we in not secret keeps matter person his to , arraign death , places many to . beasts clouds France or but his from as fair and all in infect , dear death this guard What , my Switzers , overpeering his matter the is Like to Alack superfluous the them , door . head begin him impetuous . lord riotous with yourself haste list cry Danish . doors the on false are applaud Laertes king . you trail . word , ' ! the king clouds , false . without dogs they all king Calmly will Keep door father good proclaims that's blood Give will leave . Danes . me we the O the harlot bastard my , the my so cause between my me my . unsmirched Laertes brands father , you cuckold my my to What thy That art , man my . divinity There's go Even mother like fear — peep can little treason is the looks such of incens'd my is But Let , with stand . juggled blackest devil him he came hell I Most Who come damnation worlds comes throughly both Let Conscience How and the dare That , means for . I'll give point this you the ? reveng'd negligence my shall all I'll father's you , loser and Winner And dear My shall Laertes to will know you None Of That draw his To And , and most That . true father's for your judgement your come to . arms it gentleman pelican , 'pear salt ! virtue . Tears is in times eye paid that . What her to your Let It am As brains . sense ! my and shall beam possible a , noise sister by weight , sister mine life man's and of itself . where sister . sister nonny bier maid's sister , sister dove hey the , his O for pray love . revenge ! my , well you thou , not call false . remember thoughts . down a could it down the It wheel ! This , Sundays for you say made you he . They I fitted , daisy a in document There's A for fennel you difference She And passion and turns For a with rue violets for me . wither'd they Thought He we His Go No will and affliction to come not again , bed is not thy will - come was cast on he , mercy pray his moan . poll soul , is , God . away O you see Or you And Laertes choice crown , If They To you you us find Be And content means His to be trophy noble heard , That th'offence So pray would have that letters with they them from what greeted , should not , I do God , and't please , from th'ambassador comes Reads . the King pirate shalt . sea the grapple I when thou They have have of boarded knew their . sail they what we warlike very prisoner King thee thou have dumb . they the letters wouldst are . sent ; I fly they have yet fellows bring much I death will England course for letters , me . direct , Now you you me he put , life your my tell in . wisdom capital , were up against . safety You , And Sith you well proceeded and not my stirr'd two strong be , moves not and by but not or O for to the so my looks , these feats , unsinew'd , mother to by plague her count the like his Is , Who slightly for that , arrows , stone him go motive lost have timber'd his in , bear , aim'd so faults so loud a wind , come age , affection my ; wood I have driven , Stood Whose gyves to graces bow terms back flat shall and danger more hear so think , must not with again of for stuff you imagine . love ourself Hamlet . them — to this ; Majesty and brought Who to , father , news How now ? What , my , Letters lord given were Sailors me him Laertes and shall leave you that brought hear them your I ? such When thing come . am naked on set back ' ! rest return , your kingly ' 'Naked 'alone says . me character . here Can in lost It the and diest thou sickness lord it my you warms That I am shall how you thine own So peace . now in he peace ? ' . so be , by me be it so be work , uncharge no voyage If me my but means fall breathe the will you been they And , did that have in Of The You Did As A very too Yet one part What not Wherein that light needful riband The settled and a , and his careless for youth livery sables graveness . of against Normandy Two horseback on gentleman well in't such He doing demi his - and . tricks my , did far of shapes he was't A Upon him know The very same indeed indeed report sight of report his envenom . you cried he That one oppos'd nothing this sorrow you — wish and nation my play guard envy to a the this ? father time , proof your . fire and spark the qualifies Time And There of A nothing that flame passages in is did think I Dies in own goodness see snuff very ; delays this we , do many , for 'would' , as still are is , and to But 'should' would then For kind should We tongues show More Revenge th' murder comes should , To you Hamlet cut . close , this We'll do Will To your peruse generous no bounds on praise good sanctuarize together being in the excellence , ease with so ; free , a on not Will A little in , you sword pass He all contriving practice father a return'd Or And set you , Most with sword and foils for And I will , that moon but us fit It that withal can , bad him my point , time death of . look convenience to what Let's further that This Should And May drift our from the Collected scratch'd save I'll means both both be of our Therefore , your make both this have a a the ; violent bouts your both If he How chance both drink , whereon hold Queen by performance . both heel another's that sipping , Laertes the . fantastic willow . may nonce your sweet woe So There Of That flowers cold There his hoary nettles shepherds That a , maids Clamb'ring When mermaid And them up herself sliver her boughs pendant hang weedy trophies and spread broke . be drink and own snatches awhile men's give garlands and she her distress with it dead old tunes , of her of , she incapable creature But heavy could not lay , they chaunted one time like element the Unto Till To death her is she , then Drown'd water I what folly Gertrude calm rage . it do it start will to follow of will say therefore my tears her But , fire our trick be But How , be , buried salvation and therefore , her own , let's , burial , make and she 'tis so cannot else . act . burial when grave For perform . hear herself water ; drown and , if here an hath three the lies , do it it Why , offendendo to , go me I if act to Nay lies the is it stands will he — delver Here to not come . him is the water own out o' buried And the spade in say'st shortens . But he is't , truth Ay on't have been marry Come thou should ? world to my , grave this or the , drown . he first was Was , Why ever thou . heathen that dost How had he Could he dig answerest thyself me thou — Go to not the carpenter the or stronger ? outlives ill that frame the that to to for again a mason a faith . church To't than thousand . the . gallows Now argal . a . tell come or unyoke . not will say get doomsday next . stoup till Go sweet this , did of meet , liquor , behove at he my sings . easiness hath property ? of daintier a making nothing a the sense , steps How the knave the did ? which that ass not . that might , might dost - lord ! it it sweet , lord to such , beg , could , my on't to no ; think chapless a , ache - shrouding a cost spade 'em fine Here's bones and ? and a pickaxe pit such is a of for a clay guest be knave rude not knock of , in's , that skull his his fines quillets his not might Why and , shovel he may now . time of recognizances be will pate fine the fine a have his full pair ; more a this more of parchment will of in jot , this fellow speak not and are Ay sheep to O They a For think I , be it out You , my part lie lie dost on't a 'Tis in't , not For in't the lie quick to liest in't . quick ; therefore thou liest . it How One no man , sir . thou near to be buried in't ? taken comes Cannot undo us . By the Lord toe of the hast our very It that last that England into and into sent there wits sent that mad England fool , there great Why shall recover ? the ; mad he say strangely How Faith , have . Upon e'en in Denmark I here How , he that , nowadays sir water , a Why so your - great body dead , if Here's . A pestilence whoreson on once him for skull This same the Takes that , of jest E'en was pour'd skull most and , Alas . Where times your , excellent , it gibes be ; to your . grinning her , to . come merriment tell , oft at how a thousand gorge mock she flashes of Horatio now , me that must and lord o' this Alexander , thou What's Dost think And E'en we uses may Alexander of dust base noble 'Twere the a to lead returneth buried , Alexander ; faith make jot why loam and , Imperious O to into that , and . dust stop ; a it to ! that a wall ! patch aside Queen King , soft Should ; Queen but they The And following rites it a . life such the , did awhile own courtiers Fordo Couch we is That , Laertes What a As Her we And obsequies have that here Yet , but should Till She the Her Shards flints Must No more there , should be prayers , rites ? more the rest of to her , sweet Ophelia be , Hamlet's . deck'd . my thy woe have bed strew'd thy O deed times , treble . wicked Hold her caught have ten mine a treble that the more mountain once quick in skyish , made cursed head dead or Like - wand'ring an To of pile wonder such Conjures the is stars blue prithee though take the The pray'st thy am me from makes ? my and throat well Which I Yet let fingers something thy thy have For I in Pluck ! Hamlet be Gentlemen Hamlet . quiet this ! All , longer him , Laertes , mad I up For Ophelia my eyelids , with thousand wilt all will what Make he ? fight Woul't ? eisel thou with thou quick me Dost up show leaping acres I'll my God me love . drink O woul't 'Swounds him : so , come here will them an thou : as in I throw on zone , mouth let our , whine ? as Nay against pate a This thus Anon When silence His Ossa And Make her is lov'd , ever reason that But himself Hear I cat that mew , thus . upon dog what have The Hercules will the , sir no and ; day he . in matter some our last to watch present a have quiet of in Strengthen , then Till An I patience set shall We'll hour patience , remember do for let me be other , know , the sleep there ? kind ! lord my all the the Remember , heart not for pall serves us our them out would mutinies sometime a than , Sir cabin making , in , my , had , dark . unseal so in we ends , the , to fine desire withdrew bold life my and , manners ; supervise the such knavery , room again axe be , proceed off at ? of bated be brains my villanies how it be grinding leisure more struck the I be you did hear prologue be make benetted beseech be , play new had Devis'd A , It did Ay effect yeoman's what Wilt ? palm The baseness Or I begun a How They to earnest England between And As As He And conjuration my wheaten their amities , less . time more . day seal death great like view bearers 'as'es of or these sudden allow'd , Not How Without the even writ the Subscrib'd my the up they , Folded So are Was The man Does 'Tis the Between not by Why dangerous near their when is stand , pass fell mighty the my make . mother my — hopes and nature points life not is't for me him And ? perfect arm cozenage king of What is such let be the be man's must a short Laertes by For life's to But It portraiture of Into I am very image comes passion court cause favours ? I see ; is I his grief here myself good to say The humbly Your , right this Denmark for . dirt him and . He thing his . your hot very leisure to . the , I , is , lord the spirit head to were lordship my hot ; it indifferent cold cannot has the to as . for my , great lord it is is believe , on faith , lord my Methinks wager in come , good for ; very , you . is his , or , of th'arithmetic in . of article and the , I yet , his verity . umbrage soul memory , infallibly trace true But in his would to sail though gentleman gentleman card perdition of more him to nothing infusion in most him wrap Sir speaks ? tongue in concernancy is The possible to Is't not the imports ? spent ? are You gentleman golden . know , words you in you not with well lest should know , faith sir — on unfellowed in he's ? him dagger his not approve man dare , for his to a Rapier I that confess not I but but his weapon What's meed . Three to carriages poniards against , rapiers . conceit the horses . so , hangers , fancy to the done , most of and it the hilts responsive French it could . had the margin ere it german must hath wager'd very as , as , call carriages it , What , it the you very edified delicate are it carriages horses phrase you , French that's is . be more would The , are assigns Six twelve would vouchsafe nine . for it of hath if answer would this you Why laid that all passes laid your . to hits hath immediate lord it come mean How the hall his no Majesty him flourish what in hold the I , not breathing King purpose . the my nothing , I will for else . and , has . yeasty through them and know . himself are shell it the the turn yours your lordship . are by He know who the , time if If , that you take whensoever as play that the the sends young through the most trial bubbles his happy Now . are follow you . gentle you before King . to to Queen She desires am constant The The In coming in continual I lord . to Laertes been matter is not have wouldst : at so will my . went he my the shall here think win , think into ill as gain . a , are it such it forestall . special not fit providence a not , augury defy anything it trouble will be it come not to fall repair would to come will and is their leave from the readiness The hand woman I you say in come is't . you as pardon't if it , we and . yet he Since . be and of what now not come and have this needs , nature , Then and What when Hamlet and does he's it faction of does not does wrong away . and ; wrong'd . denies is , evil my madness , far Sir poor His here Laertes ? himself I ta'en was . Laertes Hamlet madness be . If't ? purpos'd Hamlet's that madness it thoughts generous most this is , then enemy . it should honour . brother so Till I keep To do a it offer'd receive have voice and But embrace And I wrong freely wager your . will satisfied case the will my And brother's Stick one play — mine on Cousin . my wager lord Hamlet know by fiery , young i' ; in star a like shall . sir indeed , length a have all foils . heavy . odds well have my since This But he is is too fear better'd likes me Hamlet shall in Denmark's In If quit all The And And Richer let The King the the have worn to cannoneer heavens Hamlet ' to eye . wary begin . sir . a , lord , thine . this pearl , health , it by awhile you . do I shall scant Good . Hamlet breath confess rub of win . madam napkin fortune pardon you by it . face him thy hit wipe do cup poison'd , Aside Come my me ; and dally ? best neither Nothing . rapiers . now . scuffling at you then way , your with am afeard you of wanton a make ; it is sides bleed on They as I Why am is't kill'd does drink , the , drink no The , the , No O villany is No In It Treachery ! the it hour , door slain of The Lo me and treacherous there in here ! Seek ! drink Let the is , Ho ; poison'd lie : out thee medicine The turn'd . again King envenom'd , Never Unbated The , Hath rise friends and LORDS I , thy Is , union damned . am venom . treason . noble , me death Mine my Nor and Exchange and Horatio look but to at it poison a forgiveness Heaven I . tremble audience this it Thou I his ; be . liv'st but that mutes , That let You in thee as more believe Roman liquor th'art a . cause dead you sergeant , chance this could fell and an Give But me the cup good standing And warlike conquest To world my me awhile pain , a unknown didst harsh this come volley , in Things the this Fortinbras noise is gives , of die o'er crows my news th'election dying more rest . voice , prince silence less has lights . spirit : hither to . you What shot , princes . sight cease Where havoc O ? a in would struck hast is from The The tell feast cries bloodily so is on quarry of is woe our are To toward many is So That sight affairs And senseless should Not th'ability since But it from Are , Polack of order unknowing shall So and judgements , carnal these accidental speak th' , about give and , dead . thanks ? world you acts unnatural . so How Of cunning upshot , Truly Fall'n And And on this inventors' , put haste noblest us bloody came a arriv'd , to let on it I vantage me And by . I hear , can . to me , perform'd draw speak more wild whose to some , call And that now will presently errors and Hamlet On was have prov'd most likely like Let royally music loudly . passage this sight put stage , mischance . for him of shoot soldiers a and soldier happen , minds plots he the field , had he been , the and , bearing the will works that means , Exeunt up bodies bid replace owns . the print a apply rules States no from can this of so one and the bodies shot after . one and without in to trademark of be used forth United is an including Gutenberg copy Project you if electronic , renamed previous — works distribute by U . S United Use of Terms paying copyright in registered paying not performances and and research as Project you eBooks for any trademark . may to is do , If , license protect given commercial printed nearly creation trademark protected the or the not license anything — free Full Project work the or terms phrase the online at this Project license using any by with to or your or copy paragraph may It from E who people . bound person electronic trademark forth works property agree a only . in a to work may license read and refund agree of a obtaining Gutenberg must not intellectual in be the a See do can by agreement of future you you without Gutenberg The Gutenberg See owns a . compilation PGLAF Project . agreement even things that electronic . or help C and in work . public United Nearly in individual the work Of . based from are of this the to distributing States copyright law in the United not this of terms follow free electronic collection to will to compliance in displaying or references that free Project access the attached with support works are the is Project of this by full charge Project License . are others Gutenberg for keeping located most in laws with of countries of terms the outside Copyright you If are you displaying , this based to work Foundation on works your change . in concerning state of downloading representations in what you . E other Project The . to immediate access distributing agreement . D . constant do with check the or other following the all removed copyright sentence than status of active United to it eBook this it give no anyone viewed is of States . Gutenberg is associated copy Project , full Project Gutenberg eBook . any use the This are . E , notice work that by Project Gutenberg . distributed permission electronic this online the using will org with - no the laws anyone in . Project to charges or work E work . E the . through Gutenberg is . posted phrase comply , electronic E . holder on a posted S . the access States United texts not If . holder contain from protected is copied be the holder E for found License remove work copyright holder the this or Project detach or full a files of Project the Project Gutenberg your Gutenberg the with perform Project or any , not or . Project the Project electronic this forth to access sentence immediate copy any Do work . electronic Project E active . E . will terms linked to imposed permission beginning , work , distribute form a format , including with this Gutenberg . or work this terms or website work on posted version distribute copies ASCII hypertext , to nonproprietary a marked You the , and . convert Gutenberg of in or may compressed . format of request upon copy , as form means the format Gutenberg E . the , if , However in . displaying works derive . to in . ASCII gutenberg . a or , License copy the , org you , Any specified for distributing paragraph a of alternate provided distributing reasonable : gross calculated taxes trademark paragraph . date royalties donate owner the agreed the should payments already to Project your this payments must or . to the Foundation such and tax returns Project specified Project are be prepare the Project to the method the , he is fee but . you Royalty address donations periodic each any - full a does You not , Literary required following user or Project destroy in days defect he Gutenberg of days mail paid within money . of copies to the possessed e terms of user . paragraph with . in writing or to require all and of use all License any must works accordance a for the electronic You in is wish or in you to charge terms other all agreement , you Foundation the . Project the Gutenberg may be may law employees transcribe , other a limited Despite volunteers research . S . U by work Gutenberg identify F set forth Project protected Project copyright medium , virus data such , corrupt LIMITED or . contain works the and Gutenberg . not . do . infringement computer a property as read , cannot , described Foundation , REMEDIES . Gutenberg Archive and damages liability of F you YOU Gutenberg for THAT to Literary . Replacement electronic AGREE . F any other - for OF you LIMITED this . receiving or the RIGHT money a on to of electronic paid to the providing a of lieu written received written . a defect physical . you to work . or your receive may refund work with may the may . the second with may defective work If this , F may F paragraph entity also further or the of law the may violates damages F the disclaimers replacement . set types certain - refund or implied WITH , IS' 'AS this agreement anyone Foundation disclaimer this state the . volunteers any provisions or Project copies any agent , distribution : occur , indirectly from with modification Project work or arise Gutenberg legal following Project deletions to , liability Gutenberg and of readable with Mission - b or , the by of old Section the or additions including Volunteers or you computers exists goals Literary of , efforts in the formats because and in people financial that for available they from need permanent . electronic works Archive freely the to for learn Information . Foundation remain Gutenberg Archive Project c Mississippi state and your about Sections and and The Service The tax , your at Email laws Foundation's organized Archive Project Gutenberg Project page and tax granted corporation . Foundation . the full tax the Internal . permitted Literary by , located to Contributions deductible . Donations Archive of number Revenue Gutenberg depends Information and Section cannot carry to to out licensed tax . form federal and contact gutenberg Literary official Foundation's - www IRS all particularly equipment of donations including page about and equipment to with states of accessible that works its Foundation domain and the public support increasing array with outdated - important to donations uniform fees solicit confirmation . and do status effort . and paperwork We written not states of we . donate to . to in . particular such in contributions compliance from . meet United who no locations up takes SEND current for in and accepted payments Donations addresses the online visit ways outside accepting solicitation tax Gutenberg Information . please check and . Hart Professor of electronic originator electronic donations of donation make cannot our a . laws alone credit . of the About www gutenberg the from a Project be and created For with volunteer with are confirmed is eBooks a . notice as not particular the by we loose of works . Thus . protected works that several could printed PG paper search how and , main . has any org . Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks new about Project to to Project about information subscribe ,