there . Long thanks For come 'Tis struck relief I had stirring mouse . a quiet Have Well meet watch If thee , Francisco , haste , Stand there ? them and Horatio . night to them bid ho ground this Who think O farewell honest you liegemen to And Say Holla , is , Barnardo Welcome What , thing have seen take . fantasy nothing appear'd again our , of of come night of him entreated it this Horatio And Touching not dreaded I this minutes , sight again eyes and speak us not assail again fortified us That Tush Sit awhile against seen nights , once two let And Well hear , are us , apparition . down may That same it now westward t'illume , off break same the scholar figure like one , of part that and beating Marcellus comes to me the . It like King Look , dead art Most In which ? is offended . with Question that By it art Did ! heaven I away thee speak I not answer ! will more think not ! speak ! not this , the Of Is ! believe ! watch hour ; dead not know our angry an on . gone tell me , state opinion this my I Norway combated ; in 'Tis . parle particular toils this Why foreign And Why why such toward the of Does joint - labourer from strict such And Doth that inform me sweaty that night What So Good now and of for you Thereto as even goes can war brazen week sore cannon land the of the day . last might know by ; of Fortinbras this combat the For slay , At Was on this to image , make Did prick'd heraldry Did he , our ; Well of ; a moiety , return'd and Now Was And of diet food in unimproved a stomach and up Hamlet . mettle in't doth appear of recover of ; well terms us by which some our unto , lawless here design'd , enterprise , and young hot sir full same , Fortinbras there , resolutes , lands hand , state , take preparations chief land the the so . e'en figure portentous the in but like these of so the mind's state of fell Julius of dead , Rome events , eclipse the and Neptune's doomsday empire moist . our heaven to Did stars and Roman , earth ! earth , earth fate country's to privy thou Which earth if Or happily earth art , Extorted earth which For of , Stay earth speak and Marcellus . the ! earth of oft walk life in thy may done to me , avoid thy . speak Speak O hast womb uphoarded it you it , it will at if Shall I Do to the when , malicious air the , show the , of violence invulnerable majestical thing heard , morn , and shrill I hies herein crowing of that is , abroad stir planets time mantle hill . advice , life to him tonight speak , it . eastward seen russet my have upon by and my , know Lords Though our Attendant Cornelius , Voltemand duty our fitting , find pray and this Where we shall one we With Have To bear memory our hearts contracted be green in far with we Th'imperial Therefore With equal wife to this out of late dear of know all have we with and , nor which disjoint you pester to supposal and For our us surrender with , the not Importing father all of Fortinbras , have , along that , a follows Now Our Or weak brother's frame advantage message law writ hears : scarcely Fortinbras have here , to the all Voltemand Norway power the your . show and your dilated the haste , will we . farewell news with the What is't . to you , Laertes Dane beg thy asking thou , reason wouldst What of my offer more the is hand What Your From leave To show wouldst Than head not to Laertes . leave Polonius says What wrung leave seal'd consent him you to your , Take How A And I lord kin Laertes , Not cast Laertes Laertes ? than kind . Laertes less on Laertes the i' still son my hang much you friend vailed Laertes thy dust lids on like . sun . like too am I , Hamlet not 'tis , it is like nighted with that the for common , through , seems ! like inky suspiration of suits of river fruitful like dejected my customary it so it Nay like Together That , Nor Nor If is , be alone windy forms , trappings in commendable Nor all the I seems mother , grief , the black , eye the the heaven , It shows a obstinate father That lost these filial An understanding must thing and a to the lost father your , know obligation must impious . 'Tis incorrect and be . for some course to is impatient ; as opposition to fault a our , is fault , unschool'd a , it A know we we ? against fathers corse woe , who he , ' father unprevailing the must From And that I Do Than most with As This of 'This a are no less for impart the in Here back to and , stay thy courtier mother pray Our I Be smiling No - the the to health and and . Denmark of Denmark to my Hamlet drinks in grace today fair had . slaughter - self all Oh 'gainst O canon Seem Fie That me that , too and stale ! seed months Possess Visit her remember he I As what fed on of and — on't ; think me not which ere Why — Frailty or she uncle , unrighteous a more no wants poor , she with mine , followed , month A God all it tears my yet increase beast but . salt married discourse shoes those within a were father's of she — my , to sheets come see do , ever servant to same glad to I , lordship you my good poor , myself , lord . depart ; that ear you I ! The dearest . funeral ere affair your is what We'll lord not mock fellow . your , I , father I heaven father Horatio . was goodly Horatio my foe it forth my seen — I ever My had met coldly furnish the day , he him his like eye my methinks ? for a all ? think , I upon in , Who Saw King the , lord My With My lord look , saw your ? attent , till I ! deliver while to together the Upon This nights Within By Goes In Two hands had each . comes thing they the with , Stand their oppress'd speak and Where , with he me we where this , good time and father . answer But it head and did , it none speak , did it cock as like morning shrunk our . very my it down know , live , we And Indeed sirs the do say lord our duty to lord . toe From to , lord My saw lord my Arm'd O yes What A countenance eyes upon ? pale , his I there anger . been you would constantly Nay Pale ? red or , And Very it ? a . While one like Not was moderate with It , tonight I as Perchance will beard have His . I it saw't life his should I silence still you this itself tonight ; no . shall hap , in tenable an platform 'twixt else eleven So , well ye tongue but all , person though conceal'd pray hell men's were ; give as : deeds the all spirit still soul to you the , mine , loves foul Farewell benefit do , his . eyes rise , sleep . not trifling me assistant from hear toy ? inward thews perfume and now Grows And wide does not grow soul temple loves doth no now you his birth no ; fear his , besmirch no : do state persons on of yielding no depends his body ; no must is for his choice as and must no health will his , to . wisdom particular to says of he which is place circumscrib'd and his , open , loves it choice he believe far therefore the your his he is fits As Then . songs or further treasure sustain or or or desire of calumnious affection it sister ; or . spring of imminent are best or blastments liquid most the galls canker Too their infants buttons , th'effect steep path Whilst me wary oft itself And Contagious the and of this though lesson keep fear . way and of me . O too double Occasion upon smiles As Show the long his rede dalliance , my blessing your his . of thought and , thou Nor friends Be Look thou thou Those hast familiar for Laertes sits stay'd precepts entrance precepts not thy do new to a hatch'd precepts precepts Take For not express'd the man's censure precepts th'opposed unto thy ; of reserve as ear best chief precepts in station man and , thy can , rank be . lender proclaims of select borrower loses borrowing And For above all loan a oft : must invites thine you ; leave . day ; thine both edge of husbandry thine Neither thine thine thine And you shall Farewell thine Ophelia time Farewell , 'Tis What 'Tis So What I my keep , time bethought and so , so it you , told private If that not of been most 'tis — honour . your me do way — to he something Have He As audience my hath of in ? Give made . late so clearly . me tell a must I , understand his Affection Given ; lord his ! Of What yourself behoves caution you it is ! my up truth girl I true more yourself for the , phrase , me . go , of heaven my . a baby ; fool love . both . fire heat : vows more You promise not in the springes With , tongue , parley . a higher he Lord few vows which larger that , investments unholy of not implorators to The Not Breathing better , in you not like slander any ; the moment you come your , show or lord ways . forth . air . hour an it , lacks is of It , season , eager . struck ? the near to then his held , and my draws walk wont it spirit ? down out bray pledge trumpet and draughts his his this heard . of , Rhenish ? born manner heavy And And my marry a Is triumph Ay a custom phrase : west observance , though ; and mole of it for That in By As The Being form Or Oft pith vicious , nature chances and with swinish height attribute addition achievements marrow of particular perform'd nature men at in they are our of pales o'ergrowth cannot wherein his forts , too ; manners — the choose the stamp some , of , complexion origin that and o'erleavens , defect these men , as corruption — pure star , evil grace of , doubt a dram ! comes of substance his my lord Angels Wherein thee cast That airs thy Be Be thou . a heaven from Bring That To thou Hath Have Why Let , burst we up dead horridly thoughts Making Revisit'st So As go it ground . souls we , follow action with means will ? fee again , what , not my Being forth do as it fear be should Do It I will not And summit the , follow pin's ? that ; to , soul thing dreadful the tempt my life itself some into puts roar many fathoms it hears waves very The And looks , And Without Go my , lord . this . Go on him this the what with waxes — I'll to Have say I Let's me follow , Something me Speak . go no flames ! me poor , thou hearing I not I , Pity confin'd done . But the away unfold spirit walk in night the am for a term , thy I to the crimes that days fast foul secrets a tale up could eyes thy and particular the hair List and didst thou Haste , most May to this Murder most know't meditation foul that I my the , and swift of thoughts than Now sleeping thee , so thou ease did sting noble youth life crown of process , ease thy . ease death in , whole be ease in that ; the ease his Mine prophetic ease that , seeming to , won gifts whose me Hamlet The O wicked to O With witchcraft Ay From That To those Though of So So will of , a I his virtuous shameful . queen were even love what dignity decline poor will link'd mov'd the that of her wretch thy whose effect be and ; marriage in to Upon With my . itself , of hebenon porches vigour courses of ; a prey methinks be of of a afternoon the garbage a in And soft My But The That swift a . droppings it doth bark'd as leperous and So and . body with , the unanel'd , sent made With smooth lazar - I smooth Thus smooth smooth No smooth Of off Unhous'led not couch But not mother Taint If Against smooth those . matin lodge , contrive , Denmark bear bed horrible ! thee royal luxury nor aught mind her ; Fare thee thy horrible . head it . once at heart ! thee holds thee old seat ? my a ! villain by brain , live past , pressures ; heaven observation ! damned be so in down observation ; Denmark observation ! word ' observation observation observation . me my to my . secure Hamlet . him My 'Adieu Within So , ho be How , ho noble Hillo is't , What O , Not then , it Nor would you'll ? think . it tell heart of reveal ? lord my , I and secret , HORATIO MARCELLUS , a ne'er villain . at shall for , man fit it as no There's And hold you wild you heartily ; lord , right all , I'll part , part : pray my I'll . and business , words and I'll they Yes It is your I'll are I'm I'll sorry by , As I'll are an Yes Never , faith I I will MARCELLUS what lord , In my , faith my lord not stage so hear , you , boy Come sayst ha under Swear swear fellow ? Art ? truepenny lord to this . sword heard by friends . you . sword good , work Beneath speak hands and Horatio . fast . have Swear heaven and give more is , But earth , come strange welcome . myself disposition seeing or some antic perchance put an , before things in meet , they , shake would' of by Or , we commend note might' , in it let's fingers out I , go set O lips us friending , Swear . So I his . to Hamlet pray , right man , gentlemen a your and him I this money on born , good Reynaldo , notes Nay shall do visit My said me . inquiry , it . intend means what first what him my wisely lord Reynaldo , did , Before , and who , Danskers marvellous his behaviour Of Enquire What , you Marry As , demands son and your particular drift and in well very ; And how what you , ' he's may lord mark very him' 'I Than you 'twere at encompassment some his father will , do know this they know thus And part do That Take distant and , Reynaldo ? him be , but mean there put on him well ; slips , known that none , lord ? noted most , go far him . swearing noted may so the it him noted fencing on , would season scandal noted another to ; charge noted . noted . incontinency his assault good lord . that so , mind ; my fetch crimes , th' warrant ' consequence be — or the , assur'd , drift son i' my , 'gentleman' , or As phrase ? phrase phrase At mass He closes phrase I phrase then saw with 'closes At , There phrase with in At then he him you or out gaming was , thus , in or such : the consequence say 'I ay or know so , there such ' o'ertook : the yesterday consequence' and and tennis' day , house or ; at , or enter forth such takes this wisdom falsehood , indirections . You have lecture directions assays and a we me so , of with of reach truth you — my find , I have former son wi' by By With you my So Shall and windlasses God you lord let shall matter ? other each unbrac'd my sewing his his - as Pale As And if with his in what , I with , Hamlet , shirt down loosed comes . fear it do I thy What he but me To Mad I not horrors , and stay'd my his by such hand thus perusal . waving up all he and piteous turn'd me bulk go , his and shaking he with would At As He he thrice — draw to other to As it his Then And He did head to head That to so of profound , desperate fordoes very violent go the his . a little his done with Whose the me rais'd sigh seem'd out , This leads As have No lord but I had not sorry him . made better ; heed him mad he jealousy age our . trifle , close to younger opinions the we sort utter Rosencrantz grief As use . it you did see you provoke inward What death , that himself put hath heard , him , him companies and much And , I aught draw So Whether as from occasion within to unknown him thus , our to gather glean . you not please will are will , hope your sovereign pleasures you . our us and it good you awhile of profit king's remembrance thanks receive with gentry much your time such have of command your at the full feet in , ourselves be freely Rosencrantz gentle and you instantly , and Rosencrantz . son Thanks too much And My still Are I Norway duty God , the us'd speak first Give news that this trail — father of my my : mine . so policy gracious sure have . in distemper , of queen your marriage . he that bring hath sent which age he hand , Norway and his ; his your ; sends brief vow sickness , before borne out , your in into Makes falsely so greetings to the Polack suppress impotence griev'd appear'd him preparation a be That It That might as an levied So Through three from against in overcome arms never joy annual in to against the well this we'll ; feast labour . read down safety dominions of likes think for Most to Meantime it such therein , business at you and time . took home night - upon , be night is and , time together ended to duty and , what time day expostulate . well , night the outward soul , son noble and of flourishes true is brevity brief . the tediousness . else for let true : no 'tis art swear , 'tis us grant 'tis out the cause then I A foolish true at . but that , I 'tis true with use . cause pity is Or we farewell Madam That Mad an phrase Now and — a Who Hath shall ; most have , mine And for Thus celestial hear idol vile but have . the , have ill the To have ; will ? have is mark have 'beautified' — it to you this awhile stars to doubt , most . love a be at this I never ill love most Doubt Ophelia But these O , But , Doubt This And solicitings receiv'd , me his mine and . art best All But more fell they out in , daughter dear Or As When had perceiv'd my If Or Or my play'd my had think this winking desk your Majesty love told thus I with heart No , what must I upon or , I mistress queen this hot so it But a look'd young mute table ? a ' herself from I did thy gave her , dumb book sight round bespeak precepts out not Thence we , of his and , star fruits short into , lightness a he And Thence to watch into ? be , 'tis think may time , positively such When it prov'd so ? ''Tis this otherwise find . this may Take truth hid , be ' , know lead sometimes know in walks , if that me , If Within this from At does Mark And does does Let But does , then arras an . does state , a love daughter to him my thereon for If behind does reading leave Hamlet good - a Lord - try a keep the . Excellent Not well were . so , Honest you would How does , my me lord . a my are fishmonger this of thousand my dead a sun maggots i' breed carrion . a Friend lord ? dog , a my Conception Aside . conceive a sun ? my in may a , I words , a a ; Words truly is to I'll speak What the mean that the matter Between I . For ; the , that Slanders plum most , their believe who you gum faces hams and with tree potently sir . be not , satirical old , go that yet are I should the air , lord method like it have am lack , backward honesty as yet there to is — you set . in't if , sometimes his which pregnant my Aside hits . I , grave . will of between that of my will How meeting humbly , anything that from Hamlet ; of lord . except my more my well there fools you , sir tedious Lord God honoured . he is . My On Happy Nor the my of soles , cap Neither waist her lord her . in the middle ; happy - over not are the true or shoe ? her . strumpet at ? hither question the that news my my my , What you But of the Then Fortune have she sends friends most the but good she is a world's , hands . more not one deserved , lord ? your a the prison Let is is think there is many are Then makes to ; then your it so goodly you o' the Denmark's thinking Why one th' . dreams prison bad a is confines wards good . and dungeons , being my worst , 'tis substance . is were in a count a for the dream quality it is that . for I that one of a shadow and , Truly . are Then beggars' dreams infinite space indeed are , ambitious A Shall we a of merely airy is and light my I I so and upon with you beggars not sort , thanks dear ? in lord will like you an you to matter . the in friends , I even of most dreadfully Elsinore Come say Come are poor it my we too thanks but inclining my come , You your ? I were purpose ; nay , and modesties your have sent . the which , my youth , obligation of could were , me you lord let of and even . direct more what To I love preserved Guildenstern no your discovery If you ? heavily me look air thing excellent frame canopy goodly , late but exercises and I will your most , other , angel an faculties , the of of your was such said not , not in coming offer coted We you , his ; shall Majesty target lungs welcome be knight shall ; hither you laugh when no , Why the that me the of Even sigh king adventurous those her laugh man end are the they in delight , ways whose whose in . of whose the Are whose late both both whose I when are not was whose rusty ? followed grow sir , question , top there but ; that the is the — scarce call them How ? they ? quality no they themselves better their exclaim are means much to on do them has been make them should grow than dare now on out quills for't clapped so they — goose - children if if , there sin , tarre for bid no O do strange ; for the Do there they that , my been boys lord my for more this while apiece my his out There to and is welcome lest , more are , there are should and father , Elsinore the like players ceremony dear When . west handsaw . the , at of swaddling hearer each out old . for . players Mark they . them not too you come yet to child indeed news to have tell actor was Monday a tell you . are come hither , buzz When so you 'twas , an I to , on for tragedy his honour either actor , world - judge O of comical Jephthah , law , Seneca unlimited What , of 'One The me , that , then What follows not wot by , you , then came of It first , welcome good mistress thee . last ! by uncurrent friends Com'st By'r lady the , to , altitude thou , O . masters pious and , We'll . last you piece all , in judgements to not thee heard speak general for a . speech matters the matter in there , very more called honest was said in one nor no was Priam's tale an were set the in much this was , was The It was line : of , was cried it was — as of an excellent to the make as of in indite lines the method and it , If might wholesome it in me resemble arms with . Dido whose not is where . Aeneas' speaks slaughter see the complexion , dismal , trick'd daughters damned wrath gore Pyrrhus , dismal , So dismal To their vile lend That dismal , lord Old God dismal eyes well short arm at Anon good him . lies dismal command my 'Fore thus Bak'd dismal murders , to Repugnant to , Then blow . senseless , his rage in wind and whiff falls Priam , the Th'unnerved , too , feel base Unequal where it strikes as , the against often winds As in bold Doth Aroused vengeance Did like Break , In , round as the Out hush the did the a the so forg'd than falls strumpet fellies from hill fiends . Priam take synod is too long to with of to beard . to down to the to to on or Say to shall to the barber's come ; to , Prithee sleeps on say . to that for up loins and lank in with tongue malicious have in caught head , robe , fear threat'ning the flames — Pyrrhus his with mincing made burst gods themselves move of husband's she at in his , has tears o'erteemed all seen mortal clamour that made , Good let her pronounc'd , the , heaven all make limbs sword not passion you things eyes gods and rest abstracts the thee speak turn'd colour the while were are eyes ? have players bestowed more Do epitaph better out and a according your is less bodikin report Use . will brief this — soon . Gonzago them . Dost in . desert man better them in hear you . them The ? of Take lord . Come tomorrow need look mock in't a down would The a , not would . leave could some would I'll , good welcome lord my would Ay would To would Very would . well what it in But ye player passion , conceit visage all Hecuba ! alone slave peasant and monstrous soul , his Hecuba whole function suiting ! tears Hecuba , rascal , my Hecuba of amaze appal drown stage with Hecuba Hecuba Hecuba , do he the . free peak cause king not my it it A Who off Upon can John a calls Plucks Like And damn'd , Ha me defeat beard , and , the my blows Am take the , father heaven of revenge I like Prompted , my a Must And murder Been Have , That About A scullion my ! upon't sitting of ! cunning the it organ the I'll no their soul murder If spirit the yea my and with shape , the quick . tongue have of , that these he observe malefactions his speak will blench perhaps I have father players and , that , seen looks ; devil but power drift no Get And With so him turbulent harshly can from Grating why He from what confess Nor we But with do find cause When we a him his will to well keeps circumstance . will sounded confession will . disposition will Did him on some , will will will ? these in they , play Of told joy . way it think to 'Tis And on the They ; to me true . are him seem did Madam it of hear And We And o'er hear my heart hear ; and him to so much . already as night beseech'd To drive all To and he myself ourselves by I We Will and , seeing or . he be hope your cause , no is love for of be him That good him Madam Ophelia , That To . it — too 'Tis bestow The I , you walk here — Gracious ourselves pious such an to in this may exercise are , action O speech too o'er . to to heavy coming Let's beautied much And a ugly word not , To be How Is not The O more him deed sleep That heart more No end and be to and against ? a the suffer , consummation sea ? The When ? That The ? of dispriz'd bear wrong oppressor's ? who would the ? bare The pangs To grunt With insolence of of bodkin he But a The that No traveller makes to And Thus Is And The lose this the conscience thus does bear of of cast and currents Nymph fair of ! lord my a many this , well well remember'd , in . sins Soft you sins thy orisons . sins now sins ? sins sins yours . deliver of re - receive . to did , perfume sweet aught so know gave with the Take As My And made Ha be honest my lord . honesty honesty honesty from translate with have of , your fair , better sometime bawd than the was a to should but . I did virtue loved so I it of now , inoculate . force This . likeness thee believe but the time cannot made myself put them What be I more I to to I give me . beck , between home , my your more could of fellows offences at shape . father none , should , such in ambitious my . mother At . imagination with , but had to as sweet you Be thou . marry fool the them of you make Farewell . nowhere . too ! him . shalt plague thee : men nunnery thou as pure O him , a to If for wise go enough if for monsters hath mad already you one marry calumny you , amble Or snow of a your nickname no the courtier's , and scholar's soldier's O , The , and , heard to have , will Go Th'expectancy noble shall marriages another . You jig , you . made are , fair quite deject music wretched , harsh youth , O feature reason , vows , and blown me , have , not , out the suck'd all of rose , the mould , sovereign and of state , what , lack'd sits melancholy , that down ! though spake he not O'er which form , which hatch There's I with form ecstasy madness with . affections and Blasted seen T'have His like some And what prevent , thus England to the brood little expel countries speed : tribute neglected , do his doubt danger I For the commencement How do I grief Ophelia ? heart his in believe you play him him ear , think be with , find confine . shall It Madness as ones must , But the mouth you crier thus my it you tongue your speech - I , very I pray , a hear temperance noise to soul . beget , the if , I Herods warrant . let your honour your . own discretion of pated for saw not of but Pray it who a it , in ; you passion offends to the to me groundlings Termagant tear dumb o'erdoing but the own the , from time his is that is grieve the and censure feature scorn hold not word , virtue show the Suit body of now and judicious a , the tardy — and though her was it and , praise having man the bellowed nor to I have make your allowance speak made I players — and and . gait the not the overdone cannot be have so us . men with abominably that And . let made had . For on those for set some them they heard Nature's whole o'erweigh seen Christian O more laugh considered . some villainous uses most make ambition be pitiful you ready question , Go shows them of of a necessary that and down That's the now How the And Will . the fool lord to make that . e'en as conversation man just withal art Nay , do As O what no clothe let That For advancement may think I flatter from thy but mistress of her ? hear election choice , distinguish fawning . was follow soul may the the thee revenue ? candied , No Since Hath one ta'en Hast That Whose do heart's are stop passion's in , slave thee is prithee , thou thee it play . As is core , his speech seen unkennel uncle mine Do Vulcan's And Which Even Observe a eyes imaginations as one , have face note foul him rivet will ghost see'st act in stithy comment are foot - a occulted of my before circumstance soul , death . playing . be others and the , you A march Rosencrantz Guildenstern fares ; Enter flourish coming a . Get our , and was i' What . did I you Caesar crammed answer say ? you Capitol . Brutus th' calf your upon kill they dear , you me patience mother , Lady Do country my , lord my No , Ay lie between . lap That's What fair a Nothing lord , thought , to I You you . merry I my lord man my . you two , then heavens O Nay ! man's must churches memory , build horse - horse very lovingly is of ; embracing . a a bank takes He upon 'For ' in and makes King four , the Anon . Mutes The Poisoner King's comes , down unto protestation poison ! epitaph neck . Lays him , leaves him shall for not suffer and he him fellow , but again carried or dead seems is dead Queen comes awhile . mischief , mallecho it lord love loth this miching my ? this this woos exits seeming to . with her . What means argument : show Belike this by you , show show You shall any naught your , prologue the beg naught . your and , Will they shame that are For us , tell you'll you , woman's patiently ? sheen our been with gone ground borrow'd orbed cart Tellus' and most the journeys us So is , Make love And salt thirty Neptune's Since thirty hath Phoebus' , world hearts have dozen the That So But Now For Discomfort in , you from , though distrust . there are doubts littlest great fears love And Honour'd , For belov'd fair this and one world kind grows in , my In women's made . know fear to leave — shortly , love thee must thou And My love wed A second that who . the . breast accurst . first . tree speak we me but , dead , sticks we passion in ourselves necessary unshaken fruit the now Which violent what But pay Their most revels , grief with grief Where joys for grieves either on ; ourselves is ; change accident not to love , strange 'tis yet our nor aye loves a man , fortune or else prove flies . friend a never on friends hitherto poor not The 'tis For For end seasons wills That Our are But die And who and want where his hollow a But Directly orderly our devices still their ours wilt fates do second nor , night scope and light dead day of face well pursue she me the prison turn blanks , break be I awhile beguile now . wife should , If The protests , O lady Madam My grow spirits The tedious thy between mischance , i' world , the . the ? you call This play poison argument but do but in't th' wife Duke's , if . edge . worse murderer and , the , croaking , Begin , drugs . fit blasted weeds season of else . Thou , rank ban thrice natural wholesome life usurp collected ; seeing , dire thrice no , midnight and . hands magic and estate choice love rises fire . King of Italian Hecate's Confederate Thy , and i' He is him the written gets very name's His , What , extant o'er my frighted How ? fares lord . All watch ungalled of forest the hart strucken play . light , play the Lights , The while some Half roses on sir . players of razed ? of Provincial I O one This thou . was himself take the , have A Jove have have A I'll have have Why ! if lord have ha For belike , have like , a like sir , he some like vouchsafe whole like , marvellous — sir what like ? like choler like to richer this signify with sir purgation plunge ; rather to far to into put my some frame into affair . more , sir tame pronounce , from . of affliction , discourse . and me sent , breed of my your . such sir , as , you My . my , matter struck mother is , amazement her But the your admiration heels can so She desires , shall , My were son wonderful We once Good I I once my upon once your that Ay once How once can once lord door , the to my O I that upon . I be me I pray know I , no do beseech ventages these . skill thing harmony with are and it these : with Look I breath . command it to unworthy know from my ; you you lowest excellent stops mouth govern lying , seem my , your give as easy now how you look , compass yet be played . lord . My the Queen . cloud and . is a . in a like . a backed like a like is it that's weasel by . They . friends to . I and by By now to The Let soul heart quake speak My will and be me How my tongue do this on , Would look lose business night hot let , Now . And churchyards yawn , and hell Contagion . the : not my day unnatural , dispatch with , you along . not of not will shall estate with it . safe like let your to terms Hazard The I his so , he Most To That holy and and peculiar live keep all We and ourselves lunacies provide fear Majesty safe is . single The To With it but weal upon . the ; life strength from those bodies . more mind The It ten ; and huge summit which petty . you I For we sigh now , consequence with to but a thousand , falls Never this upon GUILDENSTERN us she'll it myself a o'erhear , him home mother , liege said , well to . curse Pray intent will as strong ! rank murder to man as inclination And in like And My Were neglect . the brother's if I my sharp primal the stand I O Thanks than a What hath offence is It What it rain ? What snow visage this twofold force , be guilt where double What defeats , What What murder my th'offence of look what my , prayer , What Forgive since I , own pardon'd currents and I I'll come of me am murder . to offence Whereto we Then ? But . confront is my the be pardon'd turn down To fault Or Can That ; past Of repentance teeth Yet May My In Even to the nature the gilded corrupted may But forehead and it limed in , prize ; above so not 'tis . we What . when ! that Help ! knees now might so And A villain his I And am I kills my , do this same and as blown hire , full and would he pat father now . And , it do't heaven To . With When sword relish heels kick act rage ? hent , days and in't passage of I purging ; or pleasure of bed . No a or asleep know drunk is that his swearing in Then Words My fly heat you Mother me stood bear home . me hear , mother , coming not . e'en with , and Much He him Tell Within warrant , I'll Withdraw my with , Mother come , Go go father much ? not . are that You you husband's rood not you the ? now What's Come You , You come Where you go , Nay the , would and sit What Thou wilt not up you murder glass me Draws . dead slain ! rat , for ? help ? do Help A Behind a O , am Dead now ! the me . O , Nay O . a , Thou . To Leave . And If it wring to took I Thou rash let As rash Polonius rash rash What That blurs , and rash thou against blush done I If be made damned it rash rude me Such grace an O . of and sweet doth religion plucks contraction marriage the makes ? act act the what me and thunders , seated front , a presentment on this brothers two of picture was the to the heaven Mars , of : kissing threaten and a a station on world did the give god , like a mildew'd Look Jove . blood ! leave ear , have judgement ? at tame Sense ; madness for have to judgement : and sure sure not so of . What choice devil ne'er at a such it sense Nor Eyes hath But To thus Ears serve without Or a mope or sickly . youth so mutine canst but O her the Since eyes As there I see rank in Stew'd the Over corruption sweat not leave black such , Nay the honeying These murderer slave O words to speak daggers enter in ; mine sweet , an , making nasty . like your A me You heavenly ! come , important in acting passion hover king A and That guards shreds and Do tardy son your Do whet weakest to , strongest soul sits fighting and her in is it her How with the bend do eyes like do life in hold eye air your . alarm in end soldiers , peep wildly flame look , the excrements discourse son ? how I blood do look not this there speak tears ; colour To Do see whom you all Nothing at did , No there nothing you My liv'd he goes the father , This This , Nor look where Is bodiless cunning keep is to word - re . time ; the test , soul to your of ulcerous film the my , madness , beg times must these the pursy me what my to for leave pardon my O throw part him twain , cleft . half other you if who , cleft is of gives evil to cleft habits That He aptly likewise cleft the angel all , a actions cleft yet frock . cleft Refrain or fair a cleft of The , to be on same , out ; on lord night easy of , on For you on For on I I bestow him . on scourge will again to remains lady . good worse do must gave must me punish do To death One word , and shall , more , bad I , that call , not from , that's from who Such Would , Unpeg No in dear , To , mad But For despite hide basket like the neck be words said , in made life to , breath of ape , down your break life thou had letters will trust me the mandate I seal'd forgot marshal 'tis one , they . to knavery and have must adders two own on , my the 't sport will I with : my I . will , O . They bear his petard me . night two directly packing crafts meet sweet hard sweep I'll Mother , good in , Come now sir was Good to draw an prating with ; translate You , most foolish toward , profound them . I does tonight Hamlet contend when and is Which Whips Behind And in unseen good . rat , his both a we , apprehension 'A hearing mightier wind sea . In rat . something , the arras rapier old kills ; been man deed , bloody owner to us full to , much most was and everyone . there , is done : slain hath fair pray the Go Shows But , in his Hamlet chapel from madness mother's seek Friends The O , the this skill body bring this , the , to wisest as level what's And untimely the woundless of . O Hamlet Hamlet . ROSENCRANTZ Within ? you Compounded What ! us O . it where 'tis done , my lord counsel what — keep I Take for Believe Do and not And Tell replication lord my made by ? his in rewards service countenance best jaw be gleaned have the end , a your of such in the what , you understand and when : last authorities , officers , not . dry , shall lord a go and with foolish is first in . to sleeps body but is King , the thing not is with us body body lord is the thing lord , all again I glad Bring A me have to Hide this to multitude but distracted strong their seem smooth , offence 'tis in their judgement To scourge at him bear . Diseases are desperate even pause How the body Or where This Deliberate desperate Where Without But , We By now not he us . my . pleasure your know ? my lord ? Where lord . convocation for of A — Now , At where's he e'en to one is but and is eaten is ? he Your . where him but At supper fat man fish to show you of a go may beggar Polonius ? progress a . eat of and , the guts not stairs the . lobby . as him Go till . Attendants will tender , deed we do stay He To this With bark fiery seek . come . and , send dearly we — Therefore . tend Ay and Good Hamlet ? and for England and and , Hamlet and mother loving that So , at it and flesh My a sees . Father mother Follow Come wife ; for . Pray . on That Since yet to present were it Do my joys my him by me of death By homage the , Hamlet hectic me , know at that blood ne'er the his eye are powers , of Good Go on do't will I How of them frontier Or for To Goes it , the pay , it gain speak Truly then and straw , little no five , rate hath to yield Yes , Polack already in it . it Pole the sold shows sir ! ducats will should God Why I'll with occasions How all straight What against a be spur And chief to but his he Sure humbly . lord inform . market of his a little no , more , revenge feed godlike large beast man , or Now and before , but us do know wisdom be it th'event thing's exhort means do do hath , say will , tender delicate such mass with a army yet . cause have To Looking in us quarter'd Bestial fust A To thought Why I Sith the And as this to earth the and , prince the the , great the then , to a , I the men twenty tomb O the thoughts graves a of and to Which numbers cannot for not beds fantasy death like trick cause and the try thousand shame of my is the the My speak not would much th' at but Yet There's Spurns enviously of And , good Though she It To my spills Where Each So How now By should And his cockle another your as , toy is How At head is is , Say He a heels and gone , song this mark gone you Ophelia — lady green , lady sweet , pray dead , as . snow ! lord my flowers did lady showers the - true the How do a owl what , was . God daughter baker's be . but you say may pretty bewept dild God we what , but ! you are this this you no let's All To up And this , donn'd your be Let Indeed this la more door this out that ! day window , betime your his , this make Pretty without men By Quoth You will and by . an fie shame , come to you before and So By Young would they well . night . cannot blame me ; to't are me , tumbled to by they promis'd done , Cock sun , brother But counsel night my coach shall Come , good th' night father's come in and , Polonius' In good his Thick For Without brother and Last Her is much are and First . son unwholesome mugger hugger Divided the And as Feeds on his we inter have thoughts the their and in remove in buzzers speeches necessity O our not wonder to his to my our , noise what Let Switzers the Like our my , my . our , lord with matter our piece our lord known not the the overpeering in our , him word Laertes ! forgot world young your Eats offices were custom props , as O'erbears , is ocean flats Antiquity 'Choose the trail O 'Laertes . of it , stand Sirs broke are . ' . give in . let's , king this Give me the leave . proclaims chaste my between me bastard king vile . true to Let There's of but is my drop Cries Why art Even to That thou thus thy , such Acts That What , Laertes , not - Gertrude his demand Let to not fill . me Tell , Where pit stand ? is Dead him , devil . well , and enemies and will know both in foe certainty death draw to desire the loser , sweepstake dear Good Laertes is't his child good a To good I'll you ? friends the Repast am with wide ? pelican death your What ! How shall to for judgement . it eye come her in bier , fine ! a - revenge persuade . down his . is you It , becomes daughter more that . And . must some . remember . made O you you give for you say joy . father daisy . hell , all wither'd a with For bonny And , And and to affliction favour She Thought not - as snow poll will come he , was , he is bed his , his . gone to come and ? dead death . again will he not no flaxen see your , O , mercy pray wi' , you you or collateral but friends . must and right choice shall deny , Laertes And you ours , me and will we Do all If by wisest Go b' apart grief . burial o'er ostentation from his content it your , formal 'twere as his hatchment call't must , rite sword of nor , Let And Be To trophy No Cry noble , to where What , they are I I should do you . not , Let greeted if in the from him be know from There's for your if it overlooked when thou am bless was let thee too England know a . these gave they , have knew became boarded grapple the sea King bound . this compelled dealt a . did I they I instant the what ; appointment On got for fly Ere give him have on warlike for is . their they prisoner . letters very the good for , letters thou old days so of put to thee much give from to where bore . of to , seal to that you , your to you way to Guildenstern thee thine these may them to direct you speedier will Come And to I him must you heart . brought must well by And conscience my you That As It appears were for you to may I me Lives virtue But not star be my moves looks strong . to by the , life other , mother special O timber'd faults Too to a the count by but love all the his Would gyves conjunctive so She's That , as the spring graces turneth so that again . lost back , danger flat shortly we more , dull not come age again terms go may , all will , Queen saw ? naked occasions ? eyes set back the the such all and ! come him am I beg some 'Tis . first asking and mean in in my 'Thus thou him sickness tell and so in ' . me says , 'Naked . character ' let ? Know you the his to my Will you not Ay how it As To thine , o'errule peace will If shall should very so be If . he be a ? lord voyage and , will — he now , ripe not practice so ; it organ could devise him fall , means , work uncharge the no . shall now And But even My rather That The It been in Hamlet's hearing such Your , since shine pluck . talk'd together the one Did , they not say And that Of light settled on in't . grew unto his seat the his brought but , against serv'd gentleman a and graveness well wondrous seen And Had And needful With the I brave As That Come He of all He same . is of confession gem know For for match . Sir could He If If That one of of Your sudden o'er do his of envy my of the I of What out of that see spark much his in And nothing the fire love did lives of kind A We should a to goodness will , by begun love know wick snuff that abate love proof of very the Time To Hamlet are comes easing show abatements would too , are is this , tongues are are this hath are But father's i' bounds this on double are you close . deed undertake o' spendthrift a in put are And peruse on Will cut his throat place generous , your , with may practice point , performance this Therefore both our drift that hold , death be further what us fit . through . wager your make As ha't Weigh convenience shape . on for calls for by he fast purpose hold your ; nonce But is hoary leaves grows aslant a brook with , hang she As time the And down weedy . spread , their and own they and indued , incapable a But with drink Her drown'd she muddy poor Alas is her garments element awhile , not of from native Or Pull'd of water hast thou , But yet , Ophelia let's had Let's speech what trick When custom her , this , give follow ; Gertrude to much How she Is be she hath I her , and finds her burial straight when make , Christian Therefore to wittingly herself do it goodman and . an , perform an hath , man he drown he nill own death , will — delver the water is Here . good if he his and guilty life ? him three she argal to him come it is , that his this stands of good . quest burial law gentlewoman she a . been Christian no folk had out hang great , pity is gentlemen that they should themselves hold than profession more ancient ? arms . but Scripture ? I'll put ? understand the dig me — without . the mason to to than the frame ? or Go stronger gallows does well . But tenants thou a . may ill thousand , Now argal , the , come the or . and ill church , To't ; the those good - gallows It wit ? gallows does like the well maker do for ; to faith is , now that mason Marry a . thee will his thee 'a your dull doomsday liquor Go next . you are it for last asked this stoup of , not , get did till love very for a , nothing meet sweet , beating fellow To this O In feeling making time the , methought no it in it when O there youth of so of that did was love was his , he behove sings . at easiness . sense , such . that not the How politician God ass the - 'Good lord , to , one my such beg lord . morrow say This It courtier ? a so : a of Or and one's lord , see't sexton's to with loggets trick with these spade . now spade ache no Ay Did my a e'en pickaxe mazard such pit a , and 'em at Lady and Mine cost For A bones - a guest of . a dirty he , statutes , his his does This , another quiddits Why . have fine , in's will quillets shovel Is might Why There's with Hum recoveries , to fellow recoveries vouch have this and fines his fine pair more , of indentures , box ha the his knock to tell fine buyer of not his fines , knave of , him his of ; must him pate full a The dirt his recognizances no scarcely lie a his this ? ones , made of my sheep , which Whose calf and — assurance - sir calves a ? I lord out will . made in't . sir thou . too skins be , this grave's that for clay , sir not say . liest , will you . yours not is for the mine 'Tis to . from , comes hast last thou I ? Horatio ; so been courtier year Hamlet How Every — marry , he shall it's he great no there the mad ? mad as as ; if or there his recover thirty long he not a , Denmark eight year rotten . so nine his your tann'd with . Here's . hide nowadays or a a sir water great now and And three , whoreson A pestilence mad rogue , a skull once mad fellow's on This for know ! him , pour'd Whose of think jester This was E'en Takes back My borne Let infinite gorge ! is it jest , Alas most now gibes that Where at times and excellent . I those hung ; own Make . let that laugh , Quite her , how not your Not ? to my one oft rises skull . of it . abhorred at i' paint ! so — an - chop Prithee , lord Horatio trace ? not may . till consider too curiously to . a Why ! my stopping ? may follow thus as ; To and so Alexander of dust base we lead to Alexander , loam and make buried , what E'en return he find . he is died ; modesty imagination it to not , Might stop , patch that a dust But him that dead thither , Alexander was we not they converted to turn'd the dust - wall , is c . their . soft ! The . it corse such maimed desperate hand some ? did mark . with Queen Laertes obsequies Her command great And , the bell burial done ? bringing prayers rites thrown charitable o'ersways have Her warranties pebbles and Must should sing to her her fair tell I service be requiem i' souls the her . flesh howling sister be priest my thee Ophelia fair shall , liest the strew'd the my strew'd Hamlet's deck'd , Farewell strew'd sense , strew'd strew'd head while woe on treble Fall strew'd Till Till Now To wonder Grappling the Dane wounded an - wand'ring emphasis ? he is What such Conjures Like This ? and dangerous them me not from . my fingers lord will eyelids Good All be fight I will what my O , quiet Gentlemen , my , upon . with son wilt her Laertes ? theme this , for ? here grave whine to tear ? throw ground . them , I , mouth , so and her with Dost leaping of on acres mountains , thou'lt will female thou burning till , let , as : zone him on , you the mere the drooping work as that you use me thus ? no . he , the grave hour I The lov'd I pray , cat will push . son other for do sir , remember . me let Methought a . I . bilboes there heart the in would my not Our our deep plots pall in mutinies divinity - hew certain how them us shapes most my about , let us . me desire . fine manners room own mine That on the sorts exact found to , my had and , fears grand Importing bugs and England's my bated , again where and , unseal bold of struck grinding in health , axe , off , Is't more it possible thus could begun had I new effect . wrote Wilt sir much me my beseech I Ay faithful King our do labour'd know , and ; service what peace on As love England was his How many should debatement further bearers the a like and . charge contents , wear amities 'as'es her like them stand such Not th'impression the was in father's the writ : never that that even had Which Was sea - changeling Why They man Subscrib'd Folded He , not Popp'd with such this with out quit To And his — arm angle my thee , And this In further Does What be be is must him in between is't our of issue The mine from business no very the Laertes . more good Horatio ; is come . see me . waterfly ? favours ? comes to who Into I at the and , king's fertile more is the mess ; in ; let gracious ; a 'tis No , if your for the you 'tis of Put the hot your . head . wind , northerly very , cold 'tis hot , very lord from all it to right use diligence , believe I ; I matter here is . cannot . indeed has — Sir full tell , is — gentleman faith , a part is soft in good and you quick his th'arithmetic sail true , do ? sir mirror take , find shall extolment such is The his Your Is't , sir . not sir , would you You confess are not , not I know in faith , I lest that I two of , sir King The which but to That's sir for his , very , are , with him . unfellowed . I poniards hilts , carriages . three could . assigns it the But ? lordship your you French , the are , then we till their as bet hangers the sir german more the might French against . would be : the the Barbary horses that's the all imponed laid you exceed would the I I , not and time King of the I mean , my breathing will , To this I my commend , sir He does suck'd suck'd suck'd his time I blow him him commended suck'd in Now they . Laertes follow suck'd purposes ready now to mine suck'd and King The Queen the the speaks hold , am to or whensoever the provided , entertainment . the I . the to some the coming and . I practice do . lord Since She trouble a but into wager went he my such kind of lord continual ill have how in about my it would repair - you . it 'tis it forestall woman special in what come if come is't fall is it dislike we now , but mind If but Nay , a . Since leaves , has your , yet to . obey There's and me Come aught no Hamlet he done . heard betimes . me not be readiness will leave what man And from you pardon pardon't , But , this take sir must sore done , himself is it wrong'd audience Hamlet's faction it not Laertes proclaim here was away wrong he's Hamlet Roughly His Let me so have And hurt shot in is madness His is His . His satisfied case in my terms most honour house the in should of His reconcilement His your , far His a purpos'd evil thoughts generous me no and elder , this am in I motive revenge stand and masters will precedent of of time , that aloof by some my Till receive And I do I And will this Give foil a Laertes one us Stick shall skill Give them You be your like , fiery star mock No . another therefore both the you odds see the Hamlet , the Cousin . Osric young well . we have the better'd heavy my good stoups of first wine the upon or the lord the their breath ; fire , that table third ordnance me successive the speak , begin . earth , wary eye . sir bear the , Hamlet , on to . cannoneer judges The And The In the 'Now lord my , Come , hit Well drink to Give Here's One . again . thine pearl is cup hit bout , this by first him it ? say what ; the . play Here Come will The , pray you madam I'll thy ; madam Good my I dare Gertrude I the lord It not yet , let drink Come lord , hit him wipe face now . think't . my violence your , wanton make on . best . change they Laertes . wounds , now , Queen are there , come come , they ; Nay come as am How to come . is't my treachery ? Queen the does come with to She come I , villany swoons How , no No O Ho ! Let the door ; too to , The blame . here LORDS Treason me murderous incestuous is my . envenom'd thy . thee . himself , on of . tremble to upon . this act , could sergeant at as am tell , this O , I , be and audience and pale his But Thou I time mutes , thee death temper'd dead You That are but , it let in but free make am strict Had ; arrest cup As an Never believe Horatio report the left . have't . story ? awhile by liquor . Heaven Dane a a wounded , go , shall a live me , spirit my - volley of warlike , To this And in harsh So I O , I hear with him live . solicited noble flights cracks And of have angels a Which tell Now does Fortinbras cannot On sing come to night is Good The would cease your rest eternal a proud So What This What That The is us give that from sight bloodily havoc senseless England dismal havoc him his tell havoc and have , mouth for havoc death . bloody this to thank thanks havoc fulfill'd are their , havoc placed the unknowing shall commandment his life of gave so Not we from should Where th'ability Polack wars jump upon , give to th' to order yet be a arriv'd on High these let on haste the some to claim rights sorrow hear the embrace I of memory in this , put and he for on passage , his the to war amiss sight him and , bodies the up Go , the Becomes off will Exeunt renamed — a old editions the Use of Terms part Project GUTENBERG trademark except for by use anything is any nearly for , for Gutenberg an you license trademark Gutenberg used if permission ! can and without set , rules and this without electronic of . Gutenberg license forth in the . of Gutenberg do practically eBooks You of this may works this reports the , copyright , of the . Gutenberg other any or ANYTHING S may electronic of protect , work and A . or you agreement that electronic Use . org this all with works any this license with comply to agree you Project accept the indicate reading copyright www Gutenberg available gutenberg of Terms . associated License and part you do of read have . this understand abide and using agree and obtaining must cease to intellectual , by or a person the bound If terms of copies all the electronic of you this . fee work agreement is a Gutenberg of Project agreement It from or in to your may by There are electronic . a agree of be few works agreement electronic in to E with the See Project this you you paragraph . access of . the works in is from works located collection in based are Gutenberg derivative the support electronic owns Project . copying on removed you the freely by Project work a . preserve the terms attached with of full Project without works this its with the of electronic associated the compliance . a constant state do in D The can change your , addition you are displaying Copyright , Gutenberg or with you of downloading Project before of representations other creating derivative same . immediate access . following , any removed The copyright country in works the other work . copying than the on this makes Project to Foundation , must to States any United references Project with status all Project appears accessed work links Gutenberg , Gutenberg active full , online most restrictions under or the , use law be U located work is copied or charges permission of does is and States United in almost no it away or - the eBook anyone electronic to the . E comply any and and work E posted through . E work E and . the a appearing on paying providing the fees . phrase are you . the Project or Gutenberg this part use holder Gutenberg License found Gutenberg Project electronic is E Additional without Project , any redistribute . or associated full and distribute work form , if in a format or exporting format Project . License the in terms nonproprietary a or Project no of at the on copy or Gutenberg charge alternate copy a a License copying comply . fee charge , you . E to may with royalty of Project royalties Project Gutenberg this . under paragraph profits using Gutenberg : the works calculated . gross of applicable to to address and at marked Archive required should be Information about donations to by of money of . days within physical user a such possessed access in copies discontinue all of Gutenberg destroy Gutenberg , reported discovered other of you Gutenberg . electronic forth E the from set are You comply for work or a and of Project charge of , Archive Foundation the must Literary . below writing of Foundation , Section and research in . Contact , they which Section limited may , defective your Section Except . damage disk that Section equipment computer or be creating the , may other Section or . owner . Section of distributing codes , inaccurate or damaged copyright to a , efforts these on not errors or a a expenses other under and Archive Refund cannot a electronic to Gutenberg . a other intellectual , a be , work HAVE , damages a YOU . LIMITED electronic F defect receive . a explanation written in OF work a physical medium received you of person money REPLACEMENT within OR RIGHT with your the refund you the paid days , any to electronically you in demand problem do If states the any be the interpreted the of shall . violates limitation . F providing trademark permitted INDEMNITY damages . F Some or warranties . accordance owner including production fees harmless , Project any or works the unenforceability and the and and following and copies and any Defect all of , aged by middle of in and critical to walks of . volunteers and distribution the widest with will In reaching generations . Gutenberg's the . the a , Gutenberg volunteers come help Literary Project to - life formats , the people financial need Literary your the and about about Literary Archive page Gutenberg provide computers of secure see Foundation . donations org and collection a the identification tax by - Project . granted Foundation's and state's extent profit , Gutenberg Gutenberg Foundation Literary by federal Gutenberg status Foundation's links at to donations and Archive Donations be - at www is to the the your located Email the org Project out licensed Literary and its form mission the that without can of donations widest a the it meet and laws state particular compliance . from donate know states no states . of the with many not do requirements . written fees all not visit solicitation not . the and with unsolicited While States considerable met www status . accepted us are statements International we we with have not gutenberg U . tax gratefully , we in but treatment web . donations of pages to offers concerning donations approach , checks including donate outside any States Donations addresses was was editions Most was people S was . all unless a compliance is . to was . included a years electronic the was loose , works that . often created only with has the Project Project eBooks about how search Gutenberg Gutenberg . and to produce the