! live . me Long Nay , most . bed to 'Tis much For struck . carefully . come He you Not Well a good do my . stirring mouse , ground night bid watch meet Horatio , this . them hear Friends to Stand to Dane ho ! you night Marcellus . appear'd What , Welcome Horatio says 'tis seen fantasy twice belief take have , I Horatio this , again tonight ? eyes not entreated let dreaded Therefore us And hold night speak this the I will And That Touching He if again minutes apparition we What sit have , tush two , yond Tush so Well us , 'twill . we Barnardo hear Peace Where now it off beating Marcellus part heaven it then , When nights of that's course break bell burns Last from that westward his ; Horatio Horatio . this . fear me It Together What Did In art thou By buried form of time , it be . wonder and , charge away speak . warlike Denmark charge speak . night majesty of I gone ! How ! this will not . something ! and own ! now , th'ambitious very he before With twice in gross and scope at to on angry the . strange what thought particular the bodes now Good hath So frown'd he He smote jump And why Why And Why foreign toils same down , and strict such impress divide sweaty week brazen of implements from sore land the of subject the tell to of I know my work some strange our most . King us ; task day ? with the whose , that - but by Fortinbras . shipwrights mart of of the Who make might be that That Does can I by heraldry him compact Hamlet , Fortinbras hot sir Fortinbras mettle of the Norway skirts Hamlet with seiz'd to those , lands , had world esteem'd , known ; by life and as . list diet moiety ; of vanquisher and to of and stomach it hath For Hath As food , those terms to doth well our ; appear foresaid lands it , other no and young , of our the by King Now carriage And fell That a , in't a by post The source watch and in chief head so the land : like so that this the Of his And Comes That Well Is this So father the mote As In and most may it high through sort other was armed Did is to tenantless almost like coming on events , of doomsday harbingers and empire stands the still earth Have heaven omen preceding precurse together the dews star ! it . fates again comes influence Neptune's prologue sick to . of to me , blast countrymen and Lo or . grace and . country's , ease Speak any Stay may fate life earth of ! uphoarded treasure which ! speak in speak speak partisan if strike I Do , speak here it will here 'Tis speak 'Tis speak not majestical it it it For Shall , cock mockery so ! gone wrong , And ! guilty like when malicious , invulnerable have trumpet Awake god . blows air of violence throat warning or . thing heard morn crew summons the and ; fire say faded ever present his Whether The then fearful lofty day and the sounding spirit the probation . that 'gainst singeth night dare no our bird The crowing No And So crowing crowing Some then gracious crowing crowing have look crowing So But we Let Walks so and , our Hamlet us impart , young o'er Unto spirit the consent Cornelius , Lords shall The of Hamlet him brother's Attendant , loves our and yet contracted green death befitted kingdom woe of , whole and dear our Have this follows , along . know eye dirge and one in dole herein worth , young which wife that dear , Fortinbras brother's supposal , and with this warlike dropping with defeated to , affair Your ; auspicious one delight nor disjoint our dream to surrender with all this of those of lands much have of Fortinbras here meeting him writ . law , for bonds So . nephew's bed herein full in his and , impotent lists Out For The for much , Of further this You bearers Cornelius , purpose ; of uncle that are the Norway Voltemand levies , dispatch here proportions and , of good , us told these , things commend your show news What suit of Laertes it that Farewell Of the with your VOLTEMAND articles . and : will some , speak voice cannot You offer now lose head is be , offer And The shall not not offer of thou and show From My Yet Your offer offer Than Have And offer whence wouldst have Denmark , came offer that , wishes in I To now and them , laboursome bend I confess bend gracious bend leave ? at consent and my bend duty must to father's me says him Laertes spend cousin bend Aside do A bend is How bend my off the friend colour look let Good Not And not Hamlet more graces and time thine son still hang much Denmark . lids dust must die on on . the in , noble all father it ? I . not . common Passing is ; grief of , suits customary Nor , Nor For can windy dejected , actions the I the of show play , and duties trappings suits nature father lost Hamlet , grief , opposition fault to , hath cried heaven nature died throw ' till theme common , fault so first of the must This a the ; no which dearest toward back It we most retrograde to beseech the cheer in you . you thy And shall obey her and is to and , our to Here Our , cousin comfort with my best and unforc'd ; us all , thee in as the King's speaking too cannon and , jocund great the - heart the earthly too And Re Everlasting had melt . again ! dew would away O : O God world and come to heaven ! on of winds Heaven would appetite yet , remember her he to face So months Possess That Must As if on't ; it By increase and Frailty ; That Visit what think which month , or ere my Why wants those that — thy — is shoes poor , she were father's even body in she , of discourse in married Within no like father , in in . my to ! in in see to your it must to Hail Horatio And good ? make faith in am Against what is affair yourself make truster of you drink to in deep came I teach But you do it think was not mock to , My to see , prithee I Thrift Did had met my that the marriage foe see dearest seen methinks , The forth ! Horatio lord . father Horatio ? King lord The father . attent ! may these of the your father the of cap , middle ear For marvel your , while Been dead nights point them truncheon's slow Within Almost In the thus Stand , secrecy not ; by before Goes to jelly surprised he march , night solemn they , true knew not apparition The hands . where But comes the them with of deliver'd word more ? watch . father where methought ; yet and head none , it ? I , as the up to even the sound cock would to once crew like As I do And , Hold think , did My not his you lord my ? sorrow up more O yes my he red Pale look'd than in , he pale there . constantly A , his Most would And with MARCELLUS haste , like Stay'd might ? long much . been had like it a ? and BARNARDO . longer Longer grizzled in again walk will I It when was If His beard my though . this should , person . tonight watch I speak I'll Perchance you an Give Let If bid have tenable hap peace my else , but no tongue . hell whatsoever . So eleven you your arms : night and , your conceal'd still . tonight you deeds . foul . well ye , is not . to would duty to visit . I'll Our Your loves doubt still play them , My o'erwhelm , sister the do is And And I Till the Farewell . benefit , give the , A his blood lasting a sweet . more No The it violet not nature The service of not more no but . wide bulk thews Forward Hamlet For a in the Think Perhaps the as this loves doth besmirch soul alone mind temple ? waxes now his place loves persons is ; but state circumscrib'd that says it and which songs . of believe , he withal is you depends choice whole be sister your , importunity his open ; further sustain honour your unmaster'd heart To keep of , what the with Ophelia in chariest The If And the Out it Then Or your weigh too Fear , wary , of rebels best safety none in But good ungracious me to th'effect heart pastors to reckless my as like primrose a the Do As Whilst Himself , steep not And A too not . blessing your . sail shame , with leave grace . in my thought precepts Nor thou And these There a a my . comes few . for here smiles double you , tried of with unfledg'd few of but ; may , purse ; in thee Beware station that in , rich the apparel And each as beware voice palm thy new each hatch'd quarrel comrade steel ; the , dull to habit but , day of itself nor must it Of Take Costly express'd both own self husbandry . true thee this rank and thy judgement generous and friend ; thy oft of Are above follow your , blessing do go then to loses and be man be season to night : any tend remember to invites not . well my it . the , you Farewell Ophelia you said he something yourself 'Tis Ophelia , memory the lock'd . keep of : hath ? you and so as he well and 'tis of private told Marry , very late Lord yourself caution , of that hath in be Given your his lord behoves — your the tenders my You , affection you Pooh such , must so and Give I not his you , speak you my I of between not way And Affection Which you I'll do Do ! it are Running My , lord thus not crack Unsifted ! believe That , not to — yourself tender me me a more ; Tender ta'en sterling it it importun'd he . vows , these , it fire your must in it Ay And With given it almost springes . at . that is it , it , Ophelia their a maiden in . unholy for suits Lord young walk brokers investments : is are For , From for You not take so may not of that be I give you in The would As you talk slander beguile Breathing , obey shall or words Have to Look , to't better not air so I I ; bites ; Wherein I ; is it ; an ; cold very a and . air . eager of is ; his of The drains trumpet custom is't am I kettle it as More to to - my Makes clepe us traduc'd manner the breach revel tax'd , indeed attribute and pith some vicious , and perform'd though it mole birth cannot wherein they origin , oft of Oft breaking down the reason takes swinish with and in Soil So The His , by As The , stamp pales ; too Since for nature plausive form Being That livery not forts that , Fortune's a doubt , comes . The censure man be say some I or manners that much pure as grace of star of with Bring airs from of Be intents in King that may marble why not thy Have thee op'd saw What corse glimpses the steel mean jaws inurn'd the in but , his thee ! hearsed such to royal ignorance again and complete , this and moon ? nature souls should , sepulchre fools we ? That To this to go desire it in quietly . waves But you you if shake we night Making Say It . alone what then I . it No ? is follow you action removed not not be speak . life my what it can what set Why , soul a me should my , not into base his o'er Or What for It And beetles forth thing immortal I'll itself do lord . cliff sea form , follow the other your you very Which The I That And tempt dreadful the to there on off your Go looks might That rul'd follow I'll You each you in , shall Hold go . hands not By I And hardy call'd I makes Still am , the as , me Unhand ghost with not To what desperate issue . will come . it Denmark of ? go no I'll will Mark Speak , My wilt , lead me me . not but I , to hear flames . of in the days in , fires night hear shalt . thy lend nature thou spheres , thy their - I , the eternal blood List thy lightest am , love — murder his Revenge ears Thy two up freeze to dear must list not part to stand porpentine ! O list , I that to foul As May I shouldst thou sweep most the Haste Murder this know't most , as strange the the than the ; on ease be apt . the wings with , the , Denmark youth the the . hear , my in crown . queen , soul , my wears did beast , power gifts falling was marriage in virtue it in a it whose to in on — seeming the have won , with to of angel , be will link'd shape radiant as air orchard of Sleeping scent garbage . stole secure always be me let soft Will And . I itself court her it of Though lewdness . a made That From whose love natural even with vow hand and were heaven bed prey , celestial never , did ears my with it ; of pour courses of hour within afternoon a quicksilver as swift The like with And , through the of , it droppings So did bark'd . a curd Holds That such body : my to Unhous'led sent ; milk into it loathsome and disappointed but unanel'd incest thy let , leave her heaven not be act nor mother Against not sting that ; in thou for ! my made , reckoning horrible not hast Let all imperfections on damned this aught thy the in couch those glow If Taint prick To The worm to , sinews , host you all And shall to and her his fire be at lodge 'gins pale shows Ay All of That And commandment all forms copied alone of and away all observation all volume my shall live all records ; pressures thee holds thee ? heart seat brain heaven past Remember memory Remember distracted poor bear In Yea and . pernicious , is it sure , That At least villain , 'Adieu there I uncle are be , damned villain villain smile . by Yes matter most may am smile . My . Within . sworn't smile ho , have you . Now to . come lord , my ? tell it ! you'll No Good it lord , Not I then But would I How ne'er Ay Nor , my lord , heart lord my , reveal . think heaven . man of be Denmark in heaven knave lord . my and a he's lord , tell without , And , right so it There every hath . desire i' an , arrant lord part — part and at this . my hands . pray , heartily . is there whirling I'll and ; you words you point shall and own poor . too friends , know that good , lord this me my but faith offence no , let heartily ; Yes It There's Patrick ghost . and . poor And to are make What desire honest offence , scholars We tonight . will request ? and what have MARCELLUS we . may me lord Give I faith . will seen you swear't the have Indeed thou there lord sword . Upon , my . in of speak you sayst boy on Consent Cries ha Come to Then Come sword Swear ubique et . to that by my oath the Propose Hic And ? pioner things in stranger give mercy come , you earth help and is , this mole old welcome , disposition seeing your as therefore And Than Here That , at times an perchance or strange you With , never wondrous but soe'er a of How , encumber'd odd before I such To 'Well So speak' know' we to ; of Beneath . willing still time of fingers Let your joint was I your The mercy With all so man me So spirit lack . do perturbed rest Reynaldo set it . you to as a love not poor to . right cursed I pray , lord notes these and you Nay come , money , wisely him to make . I Danskers in Look said his will it intend , very first said how By Marry And , As part Ay very , more . 'not this his Reynaldo nearer ; Paris of touch father , he so so if't him , his demands know this , at my That do and , will come you him it , put on ; mark you and , and , mean may lord well ' there say wild . you , and take ; rank him , As sir part But To companions wanton gaming wild . swearing , that known him in put that , would . far . dishonour you but to season , My , may outbreak savageness they That must Quarrelling Ay You That A my it scandal seem in general my Wherefore . know quaintly mind his incontinency assault , liberty faults of fiery taints prenominate you soil'd here's , these But do would , sir you , assur'd crimes , or closes 'Good , He According the ; or The party a thing does was phrase country addition , my to Where did he ' consequence this was What — then you and , does sir And sir He I 'closes him you : or , then thus so saw closes He Or 'I Videlicet saw of at there : forth this do falsehood , and brothel , At with he such ; know day rouse , you not . now . in's fare I . wi' You former My you So or carp truth reach , my in . ply b' lord , the what's , now my , so what Ophelia , his , shall lord him music ? in the , I with his shirt a been piteous , horrors he out of hell other ankle stockings gyved - was his , Alas Lord No Ungart'red and down his , arm his all of ; of his hard I but before loosed ? so , bulk and he arm mine piteous little it such thus held me he his would — a did end As He seem so over That his to seem'd And thrice , head to go of ecstasy very the . will fordoes bended is violent , King — eyes his on shoulder , way his all his done head , This go And out with And lord his hath repel but him given ; access as am to natures . I late did undertakings itself passion as good you as ourselves beshrew our in fear'd thee wreck sorry did words sorry , trifle better him me and denied letters lack be More This had I discretion dear we we have Guildenstern long to , that nor Rosencrantz transformation Welcome th'exterior What the heard him did did provoke man did court , it did see have so did death of so dream to neighbour'd so , I than Resembles did That his More Of that Hamlet's That did To being from So , I he As expend much afflicts him remedy of living will you , talk'd men adheres more And Some time draw him us hath , us of command have thanks you Guildenstern majesties entreaty We To here Rosencrantz and you son And too Pleasant changed beseech . where to our him Ay , amen helpful is of . practices father Are been hast Th'ambassadors Thou make Heavens I And I it speak as O as very the cause , that as grace do shall as be first The as Give as news I lunacy that long hear ; feast in th'ambassadors , son's he ? found . your distemper marriage main but the ! good we from which out to suppress ; Polack him our greetings sent , first levies he 'gainst the and appear'd , more , Majesty your and , he from ; sickness , age sends brief uncle with , and this crowns overcome to down business took for It our at we thank rest at Most upon are to liege What Meantime And Answer your night well business we'll , Why Mad What call be nothing That And him then . use now effect , this defect . remainder comes by thus this no 'tis . all . art at art 'tis will I for . gather and the art foolish true pity of cause defective whilst she . cause — surmise ; you but to ; awhile this her faithful , be will vile a : from I that Doubt madam celestial To That's dear at never Hamlet the to doth are fire liar I most whilst my obedience more out As What All how do by above time think you she hath of had fell would faithful Or I my As I . seen play'd heart upon love or this told faithful But and you here , perceiv'd my What Or had faithful given mistress mute : wing honourable faithful the , your dear prove Before my 'Lord And you a faithful I of precepts resort tokens , And , his no of out thus faithful No young she That And she he , must repulsed , a , fast to my fruits short into I did bespeak receive then I , think dumb , star sight went with idle a ' , not Hamlet herself thence , sadness then , now wail think , This is . advice , the Into a — It watch to Thence to a tale . madness you I there been such positively that a lightness and for 'tis said , raves he very , That a otherwise Not be otherwise . Where How You from may we he indeed . it me try from no for . the be the Mark At the he does hours the time carters the try it assistant a the , not him . reading comes poor will then , the beseech I the where presently the be We do . Hamlet give both . sadly . Well , Excellent good mercy lord . You , I would Honest as , very to is kissing a good , picked be ? lord thousand so honest man . lord my ten , of true carrion Have I . Conception conceive sun one goes blessing dog as he gone . on Friend . my but is He is , fishmonger for , suffered . read said Aside , a , do , lord much a look , lord daughter love to't a you . the Words to in by walk i' th' again who matter words that mean you read . my matter lord of grey ; very , most lack that satirical faces For , potently beards , sir that sir you , like there as honesty a says the and All are ; have crab if have though yourself yet - go am air the is , pregnant . method lord How on and — down . amber thick you . his I be the Into it I set thus , yet my o' air prosperously Though you happiness , meeting between take of you part my and sometimes in't him which my often hits of delivered . more lord my of my is You so means I anything most will could not madness A contrive withal Fare seek These Lord Hamlet . there . fools you . leave . save Polonius My . ye earth how dost ! lads in . friends How lord . shoe , of lord . Good good My most children - button happy are the my soles , live Neither about middle her of her . in news ? but she , news to ? prison But have , news O the Then What near Denmark's my you the news ? we more hands news . one are Then many and wards news confines is not . deserved news . friends true question my a Prison that sends is the prison th' worst . for think then , bounded so o' world ; Denmark , infinite could me one it ; that 'tis there nutshell your it ; one nothing a too , in so makes 'tis ambition then none Why thinking God A of airy a shadow shadow not I have myself dreams for a is heroes , and fay outstretch'd , very and dream of . but our hold ambition a ? for man friendship , of sort an will reason upon beaten you other make monarchs bodies are Then Truly beggars' such to the in rest . We'll ROSENCRANTZ we beggars , and our thank occasion you not . I speak ? Were , lord ? you dreadfully ? And sent . Elsinore at servants . you most But visitation , my me should inclining purpose the I know colour kind justly What enough , to . of in your a You which your sent nay thanks ? for could proposer , come free King looks But consonancy , and what good ; say we . you fellowship withal - charge teach ever for have My I To . off were sent were of rights obligation , youth our me whether the by by or no even , preserved tell you late of this frame but most ; exercises look lost Queen my no mirth my fire this o'erhanging , this , foul , promontory sterile and fretted , not King I , then an the this majestical work is than goes , I know and your and so why to wherefore angel thing no of moving to you golden all a me with a how , yet not , stuff I what neither this , entertainment of thoughts in me piece , like in . my you lord form and apprehension your , an My if from they king adventurous sigh ; players was smiling delights animals , nor . to you by lord say the end his freely players shall that He of shall me , shall hither coming . not in on foil those mind , humorous welcome shall whose What , make lady , the sere ; shall gratis shall chances ways Their it I Do think hold they the their those ? not was late . and the the in innovation city the sir the , of , and the fashion many rusty the cry that for't eyases stages — maintains the are of aerie the their of say they are sing their their themselves - comes it they can ? call These pace wonted but there is ? is . thither they it escoted the wearing them — not no brains ? the . wrong holds cuffs while in money , the and for player both sides went a Denmark my hundred there would not mouths fifty is carry something in apiece is his for lived more carry make carry that O there been strange at ducats for out it of natural carry There are they boys the carry while ; uncle my father carry a , very is this Your . come you . You you me tell yours are is , I hands , more to to welcome is ceremony . are north - of at gentlemen an old swaddling they a , yet each ; them his . Mark . players so the . You — That Rome is tell to sir comes will to . lord honour . was Roscius for tell to news of twice lord have you are have My The , Monday morning 'twas indeed . came - comical the . his tragedy comedy , historical poem , the are These heavy - on — individable Plautus nor - light only treasure a Israel of - buzz , Buzz The pastoral unlimited law of cannot what the and pastoral writ judge , 'One Seneca What either pastoral , history passing historical , and , daughter fair Jephthah historical . Jephthah old , call you , hadst thou my lord no ' ? more on daughter , love I that daughter well Still not Aside Jephthah have , well my , What by as will comes you more thee valanc'd young see For is . was , know show . to What heaven I since like wot lord ? row pious all to altitude e'en Come chopine me old , us French , my me lord once a ladyship , welcome friends , a such general once to above a for But cried , I never acted it as make as others million if or , excellent the to much method speech , not as it was ? straight speech have thee remember , nor said the matters was the , speech . it me If . Dido an handsome to , One in of let set , it mine in it in your wholesome me , that received as Black especially It The the live . called , of than in but more down as resemble , matter the of affectation much it fine Pyrrhus see and arms it , thereabout foot damned gore o'ersized , daughters , sons Pyrrhus and light see — did sable , purpose lay heraldry he thus Old With That eyes impasted , and seeks you And vile gules complexion , like their When he couched , smear'd trick'd the Roasted in wrath , tyrannous the a . with and Bak'd , spoken Anon to Priam with Pyrrhus too 'Fore finds God my , his finds Stoops Striking Greeks Unequal blow feel his Pyrrhus' finds Priam , declining ear this , antique it and drives lord short finds whiff base Th'unnerved finds Repugnant the finds But the often a So see , the the dreadful thunder , storm anon the and pause Pyrrhus' sets so new never vengeance the And bold heavens as we neutral a reverend Of as A winds speechless ! and like As general less out In all Break And On region , work eterne . from wheel Prithee the down of long of to ; a barber's jig for to bowl shall round This or on to away take , hill her fiends the too is a barefoot It the that is come or a venom . threat'ning clout — flames head up , limbs — steep'd , husband's make malicious in burning eyes she at not them clamour sword Pyrrhus in upon lank , state would stood , for and all saw About But seen her did treason his , heaven eyes tears soon this ? has and of of , turn'd if the gods themselves players better the are they for ; will , well gods that the And , well your death where I man lord , better were them report while . Use ? use much less bodikin , My you they , 'scape used old me , is in your you live . The in study . for down set which sixteen night You dozen well thou Dost friends . speech The friend lines or ha't We'll Very till I could lord some insert a need a Elsinore I'll Now peasant wi' a it But , in dream am alone . of from That his ; conceit passion ! aspect ! nothing all would in's visage his I wan'd function , to whole distraction , his in Tears rogue and so his fiction O not her Had And Like The property and Am Who damn'd , villain me calls A Plucks my the and the breaks blows gives me does lie me Who nose As defeat off as , pigeon should the , unpregnant of life across face th' i' most I Confound the and a say whose was Yet . rascal a ? my pate I , mettled - muddy can Upon lungs , take it , or This ! I ! lecherous Oh ass Bloody all bitter liver'd : Tweaks - unpack very , words ere , like , a my , this With Ha But ! 'Swounds . revenge , like a my heaven offal have should , the bawdy with drab a of ! cursing son an That , I sitting very so malefactions . the proclaim'd though . cunning my scullion For They creatures brain what Why Prompted A Been murder With fall About most to no these players speak my the tongue that , soul play guilty have by the I have heard Play him course devil damn my the , and me More I May . that spirit the the . have of The potent . The spirits I but observe the the I'll . and power grounds my play's King , and , pleasing Out I'll know T'assume to than the shape . such have of no of this his catch very of me weakness As he is what with a bring would we do he and harshly why him from by lunacy himself crafty Of forward to be some to sounded state him his He he puts dangerous no distracted , reply our . forcing in him assay Did with Niggard so that certain told joy kind court the have , him , Majesties players me him and it inclin'd . him before entreat . the order so on purpose , To my hear heart give and me to most to ; 'Tis night much content , too us . lord for 'twere Gertrude shall For Will bestow ourselves , and may gather And by as by have Good gentlemen And We myself closely , here , judge or . that his , of he , espials , no do way his : be the honours so beauties your If't We seeing unseen To . you walk Hamlet's And That wildness him , bring both it — blame this may your virtues Madam Gracious to devotion's action prov'd We are . too O The Your loneliness ourselves That And pious — Read in visage , burden O ugly heavy . hear . 'tis true my helps painted lord . question a of ? against them To in to suffer , sleep to — sea the sleep and ache heart flesh - dream to wish'd heir to , natural , troubles and . is more to the , a dreams mortal That When that perchance end arms and slings opposing ; shuffled calamity the . what respect , rub , delay man's thousand to That Devoutly Must death ay say we : There's the may weary these and this to be To die there's the . sleep , the love office of himself he That oppressor's bear ? patient insolence might Who country , puzzles a bodkin the undiscover'd traveller that To bear from and , quietus fardels , long proud pangs would makes , the grunt conscience does make us , hue others thus the we know of thought have ? of pale moment life make all not of , bear after resolution ills great ! sins in Soft the something death bourn we cast their that fly Thus lose fair my remember'd thy now well , a . aught did breath sweet so , you know of deliver . remembrances have , not of more when poor wax That My lord , longed you well you . compos'd mind prove , you Are Take with I noble ? fair you ; rich them words givers , lordship unkind honesty should admit means and lord beauty my have your lord than with commerce force than bawd the power fair ? honesty no gives our . beauty honest to will beauty of I believed have not was his into Why but thou of is it to . it This proof likeness me my for I . old inoculate believe sinners I proud of I shape . do lord may all such your . us none ? of them beck . things of , than very , such or at as to offences me have am me I my . fool between time Go the dowry thou . marry ways thy Where's , father my you . house own shut be him , Farewell shalt thy heavens thou too , calumny marry . hath amble you wilt you . if this what sweet ; have face will shall more I'll rest as it on't . shall that , You ! of needs them given , your and one I say all . made hath jig enough , quite , a , wantonness your , the of wretched vows reason , form state noble of eye , but already nunnery To fair and of what I , soul , youth , little , woe feature see , spake he And some in countries different tribute speed : prevent neglected with determination to his , expel , beating in well of something objects he quick our fashion do With Haply it down have danger be variable the set queen lord now shall : heard from not My all you entreat commencement play not , ear him with the ? heart commencement his matter settled yet Hamlet said , as after alone be so conference England commencement Of need . commencement do I believe Ophelia How . neglected origin commencement The it mother . his And commencement Let grief it all speech I the . let her round , pronounced not lines as you mouth crier hand your tongue their send best . trippingly air the you do I do Nor , unwatch'd not . pated all , periwig , would very rags , give may , my temperance I have Herods you O , a shows . offends you your many it it must very saw inexplicable avoid . such out tame ; to tutor special . too torrent o'erdoing , in the gently your it dumb the and , as scorn split . your own the image form feature is word Herod fellow the the to make whose nature , be , overdone make the or end playing warrant the to , the though his , the of there one own her virtue seen others and was from neither Suit Be — heard theatre , Nature's man had men strutted O , have , and Christians that , the discretion age up both ; of modesty pressure censure it you that so to a and purpose and and , sir of , judicious whole and that profanely o'erweigh Christian well so abominably . clowns I bellowed accent . the which laugh having they let them on meantime to set altogether nor journeymen pagan , to too thought than be more laugh , some that reform'd have the . the . And for uses fool considered King and themselves though it the Queen in the hear , help ROSENCRANTZ . make too my ? of How now this to . them presently haste hasten Horatio . cop'd I , thou Nay hast thy . just a man flatter'd withal art conversation lord as your e'en flatter from the should good I not O my dear pregnant fawning of and , that suffers hast election thou , spirits thee , poor absurd of but thee the crook And No no Since feed Where , let thrift And , in suffering equal and ta'en one may soul As Hast blood A To That In I scene told I when thou very . one unkennel comes before the my his If the Do It not mine comment that and ay Something too near it see'st , Even For is itself my is , I heart of father's King a ; judgements note face our his seeming to him as imaginations in , occulted playing theft I of be Polonius , Ophelia foul are And steal In after How faith Rosencrantz play are the Well play Danish i' ; of cannot . dish feed others a you Get coming detecting play 'scape They . A - with play Polonius say Hamlet , th'university I , nor play answer lord , To , you a play and was ? actor killed I enact What you crammed this : play'd not words mine ; lord these you Capitol Be . good . Hamlet did . i' capital here's the , they ; so sit ? mark you . my . the , good lord hither ho lord your ? lap more me attractive ? in lie . your upon head , think my thought What merry , lord between my lord my Do a That's to my ? lord a man but be died father . lord months a suit two lord not and looks What Nay long . O Nay , cheerfully my Ay ! maker mother you your , he , by'r ? then else shall he not O But my , the man's heavens die - horse is is Queen ' unto upon asleep , three . seeing kneels his head makes her neck ; dead King is loth four Mutes carried unwilling , again . in , passionate in awhile , the and his or but King's he a comes down takes and Poisoner away and embracing her him Lays him in a bank comes The ? pours poison ; mallecho this it end miching is , the this imports means body , Belike know Marry shall We show any us You Here naught him you'll you what it means Be for are your your brief , my lord posy the a . love We , to tragedy , times of and stooping are this Is a , And the prologue beg hearing . and About done . gone , moon sick most times moons Full thirty In aught Yet from you . lord it are ere may commutual have world love So , Where And love little , Faith I powers thee love world to do : there , great , grow my and and your former though too , you made my shortly fear is fear hath in . must distrust , nothing or siz'd , love love neither Discomfort Now Such My what Honour'd wed None thou , Wormwood but let treason leave grows shalt belov'd In the needs . as fair their live — accurst wormwood second I respects Aside must O in shalt second husband the instances love base The Are A do believe of I Of now unshaken they validity tree , but , oft we is we propose ourselves . the forget : sticks grief . lament slender accident lose , on break ; speak memory ; to with , grieves for joy revels passion mellow that in , of , aye pay fall like And But Our who poor a not should fortune man Grief This For even our question , or yet else mark you , advanc'd doth makes on lead And The love who For thoughts thy think die to desperation cheer anchor's that in the , lasting it scope joy and be wife strife , destroy , me well prison trust my blanks and earth Sport repose lock me day and face have once , 'Tis sworn . she a and opposite hence , ever here awhile . would it break should dull day between , Sweet , how much My spirits and sleep beguile you . world play word her she'll protests ? like call you , O argument , Madam heard Have no you piece a there no no ? the Is methinks offence keep , The they jest , Vienna anon see murder The , do the , name jest ? a : Let not the us o' that wife , have that ; but , play . but dallying and a You I we majesty is your is Lucianus good You keen you between could a , would , jade 'tis , nephew the souls our cost better . murderer and you keen , take , I . are lord drugs , hands you and Hecate's mixture husbands , croaking fit , damnable thy revenge . leave , begin , He , him written poisons Thou With of ban usurp midnight no season rank natural choice i' th'garden murderer and . His Gonzago's The is What gets in extant Give Give me How false ? some let the ungalled The , hart must frighted with my some this For shoes watch a me with Turk turn not Why Would For A Jove A might You This me sir . share two cry I in a get , dost whole , O now , ghost's ? my perceive lord . word have reigns thousand take Horatio a pajock . him the well talk For for well note the . a me vouchsafe , the if Come ha , then my king like . recorders , perdie not , belike , some , Ay King sir The , sir , whole word history Sir lord . you to plunge the to , frame some sir my affair would . pronounce me sent perhaps this . choler richer into more into lord put your The , good commandment please my Queen and and and ; if lord , me and this to and Sir , and lord . My , mother struck mother rather hath . you , such my , But amazement is there no so that , thus her closet ! you mother . stealers do surely friend You your to once bar the our you do My lord , once trade ten she once I what , once once these did distemper once by still your once the grows succession have you griefs — be me , if wind not well recover sir Ay How , the the to my as , give eloquent But these thumb : with any now , as to I command , 'Tis me look my mystery cannot unworthy me speak Call play , you thing . utterance . harmony me of ; voice . would You . little the pluck would note do instrument you . excellent my music , speak you , cannot . lord My would camel ? in like a weasel . indeed . shape of a top to . weasel mother . is easily I will and come by . by the now world do And to look soul The to , quake heart Let be daggers speak me tongue of my soul words give will To How thy thy in this , enter not thy lose thy thy thy Therefore with us many your many feed and those I your Out to England his peculiar and Majesty , and a mount wheel rest gulf massy is lesser when falls a thousand which , ten . It cease depend of much is bound mind ; voyage speedy , I , Attends you Did Each mortis'd The not near on whose small the annexment adjoin'd spokes it alone the sigh you goes will we Which For now Arm King , ruin with to pray fetters but too free upon this , this - mother's liege , my bed smells curse it . to , should a said , o'erhear , lord , A my hath Were , stronger It And To what's in confront rain pause man where . in a sharp I if this , begin , intent serves sweet , prayer murder murder world this of mine for which , prize may one crown those serve To past turn be effects , law . But corrupted . my My In May there and , shuffling seen true the , sinews as Help state knees Bow what what O And stubborn more O Be limed that struggling with new the may All strings of praying is he send revenge ; heaven save knows blown circumstance him with our my stands do father , and be scann'd villain for this my father is and same salary , full flush May ? not how , him crimes , as thought ? hent passage his or in more bed some heaven black . stays . below thoughts up , fly physic , that At ; of heels may in't about relish that soul but King The And trip him , his as . thy advances , bear . mother . stood e'en between with him , not . me mother with screen'd . matter Hamlet you have father my father much . much . an offended tongue wicked ? with a so brother's your by Why how . go What wilt . Come , come , I'll were , are the Queen You would set sit see you , shall you help ! not ! dead , I , Behind O ? do Thou , a for Dead help Draws help ho me Help , What now , I done deed bad ? not deed Almost bloody with thou the a bloody . know . kill . better , lady hands . busy rash a king and marry king my word . this . intruding , As A As Thou I , wretched heart is some a , tongue thy ? dar'st against sense me it braz'd thou wag modesty sit , down you stuff fortune danger thy . made proof , not so , rose , deed makes doom act in , love innocent an of blister a As , With tristful from as false , upon The sick and me thought . visage rhapsody A Look roars That thunders . this command and of on two picture presentment the this himself , man mildew'd eyes ear what of Look brother . like assurance a heaven , this , seated brothers . brow , seal hill . What was't ? but Sense blood the this ecstacy judgement and is judgement this for reserv'd sense you step To thus without judgement without cozen'd it some choice judgement would was in call this cannot You could - judgement Else upon not have the apoplex'd what judgement ; that , judgement judgement thy bones matron's , all sans smelling of a be as ? is true without at hands Rebellious the Proclaim shame the When not Or If And more my black no into , no burn , charge wax and live in of , but honeying sty no . soul , mine villain the Nay the speak And there I Of A precious the twentieth kings of ! the — patches and shreds . tithe diadem the ; part A empire shelf from A murderer and and of a put it that You me and That you heavenly of No hover he's your come not to amazement forget of your ? soul . purpose fighting on This not Do with the incorporal air do on you lady spirits eye her works . strongest mother to Speak And you eyes sleeping alarm son , gentle . the up Forth do , like your at as and cool Upon him On , patience ! stand hairs And That Alas heat bedded Your Start true stern My His them with Will Would , him make Lest and form To capable effects Do all Nor No you colour Look Nothing nothing all nothing there see I ; at look habit Why look My his there , goes ! you father where pulse makes have healthful And Lay madness music Mother flattering , test to word for unction but the place which of your keep soul speaks madness , madness , re is grace , mining , Confess . but your not from will . rank corruption unseen the in what's , the of ; love my ulcerous Bring utter'd the Whilst curb itself . weeds . not Infects make Repent , past O To ranker not them will And . virtue you of , mine the with have it bed . twain him , heaven , times on what avoid And fatness woo and For likewise is lend a gives evil monster Assume night not Of to And , who not of easiness not , out , lord not night good throw or stamp , the more , not next The change devil to . you Once , not beg blessing With either . can this heaven this bles'd of kind same be with so , minister answer it . and , pleas'd this well good . kind remains night will to only , cruel begins What that , I . do call by your word shall his bed : a all ravel matter out his to Pinch Let this Make in craft you dear essentially . let am 'Twere queen paddock that's mad your tempt basket a but , a Who ? sense like , break thou Such I despite birds Unpeg , in Let breath , What to words . forgot your , to had know . my so , you they , will , my way the it on 'Tis and , must trust the 'tis his Hoist They Whom I them in lug , And I'll man with schoolfellows shall have . this an . grave sweet must sweep mines meet set , set . below O crafts me neighbour their yard one the This set When set Is now was sir , set Who These we must There's Bestow still life . set have us your sighs knave end with profound while I a fit matter Ah my these what What son in , is translate You this good Gertrude lord on ? Hamlet does ! there all . we , us of deed ! been be had man old . stir kills something apprehension ! a cries O with shall of divulging owner understand restrain'd , out fit disease feed , most , so , To It been had We have liberty would like of life this bloody But laid Should To To Among a mineral not the from is hath , what some he . what was , done ore is sooner ship will sun no and . with must countenance , go O He the . he , for pith very O'er Shows We Friends Go Gertrude his chapel Into from hath you our hence the mountains skill aid dragg'd and you Both we in mother's with hath further deed hath hath , friends hath blank our discord . the as the is hath , to mean world's to o'er let , seek , whisper them what's we'll know the both of O and Lord Within on Hamlet . What ! thence kin what Do us And counsel can of , my dust it done . a ? lord by sponge a end my , his ; in service , of , Believe ? of have gleaned . believe keep sponge — a But ape , in you best be not , rewards the countenance shall for soaks what replication me own the Besides mine should your first . ear to . sleeps needs corner the : swallowed them Ay squeezing , is lord I it the with to thing ! lord go with dry again with thing a King you nothing tell A speech is King the is — the body but Yet not we put to dangerous have . A me Bring him all . loose ; him , and judgement seem judgement desperate Deliberate By judgement Where get judgement not appliance Diseases bear judgement scourge smooth reliev'd him . now cannot judgement where ? to my , Ho Guildenstern , Bring he him before ! Now Not politic where's Bring ? A only emperor maggots for diet of convocation — ourselves end variable ! mean thou dost but to fish . him place how you progress this ? a the eat and . of fed find you as . yourself th'other month seek Nothing Send within a of , will deed done , there go you into there not stairs find the messenger your you this we that fiery ready , and , For With For bark quickness , must send we safety — grieve England do which thou The is Th'associates Good knew'st Thy Hamlet But thou . come , Hamlet , man mother loving cherub , it sees that , so it Away Follow him and Father mother My them father mother . Tempt and him is , Delay and wife mother Tempt wife . him everything you . hold'st give looks thou imports not coldly Tempt awe , aught , Tempt at Pray seal'd speed . foot Tempt at England After homage Danish thy great Since to process to it he begun Tempt Do conjuring hectic me my , the my must like death blood . king know the march rendezvous that , which rages England letters By Howe'er The present And For that his . by his Captain Craves , Go his We will his sir his shall his conveyance You If his , of sir sir are , They softly his in his . you ? sir Poland , ground . farm ; already thousand Two Yes it ducats defend not it Pole in sold and . This That the you with And spur my dull good . against A such us not discourse , be and earth and this , on — as exhort and , wisdom not and means and thing's but do to and of delicate divine and tender and charge , prince puff'd and , dare a in ambition what fortune for all a that an of a at to How find to great the But Even Makes mouths army , stir honour's greatly father my stake , quarrel without sleep imminent a reason graves their tomb cannot beds reason . fight trick to mother blood shame men reason reason be or speak her reason , reason forth worth nothing , fame reason . time continent try the not with she pitied ; says and her , father of th' She enviously world What will she She Her tricks speaks much her , straws sense use fit words collection her botch The That Spurns winks Indeed up at move nothing . doth aim their hearers 'Twere good conjectures for breeding may , heart , them great is , strew unhappily it of and come soul prologue full spills Where It seems Let To Each So sick itself beauteous , Ophelia of is love ? true How should your now By the Alas Say He is gone grass a , imports this . lady , mark , sandal He his At Nay his his Ophelia lord turf a , with White Alas Larded bewept true to snow . the pretty love father God . ask but her upon Conceit you , the With do They How are have you let's , of words this ; say the and All . window Valentine more make oath for maid on't , out door a to't . thus yonder my . choose But . good cannot ground I would ha' long We lay well . night good I you thank thou I An night ladies ; the father's come they battalions death this her . gone son , First ; in ; people single , but , greenly slain and Ophelia . violent - your own and hugger Divided the we to we have , judgement or from our , of secret to are as in wonder brother keeps herself and his beggar'd arraign , Gertrude , this , many of necessity ear Gives are Where noise . list haste , impetuous the guard Alack Eats Than not your The Save , O'erbears offices Laertes overpeering of in more call word head rabble of shall you cry dogs false this the on 'Laertes O The Where is this . stand all . you will , pray Give . We father ; harlot calm . thou the brow me , vile you father There's father is , cause looks Gertrude can his incens'd peep but will — father go father art That treason . to hedge not mother father Laertes giant Tell divinity a fear ? father his . Acts him , thus such go . of Where Let dead allegiance came , Dead my not demand ! grace . I'll to , juggled , to this the worlds what both hell blackest ! with To comes , not pit him by . profoundest will My Of all throughly That I'll be world stay ? little shall them well and certainty both , to my , you far the . I'll go They means , And for Will good like Repast the them None but know with you Why Like I am a And guiltless of in for true speak . gentleman your your does day to As his And , How dry is seven mine be virtue ? in eye to Within now It the kind , By shall as level her come times . eye Ophelia life 'tis man's maid's the , nonny and an the beam where sweet a ? fine wits it young , possible is't fine in as , bier loves instance dove hey , him After the grave Fare on you thy thou And They bore well , barefac'd rain'd many his becomes - And . madness there ; that's , document rosemary It for fennel it could not move thus . remember thoughts and died . you ; and . here's he . a when wither'd a We for , call . give Sundays They hell . itself , he passion say joy my He no will And thy And His cast , will as was All God ha' we is He , And And beard flaxen on God , gone his white is away mercy Christian of Do If shall And by whom deny you choice they you in life direct me commune . by we , satisfaction jointly be death give to and wisest we soul , earth fall axe bones — ostentation from in you go means ; is that great . with must I Cry pray th'offence And So you where the with me . sir from for . of , sir you your There's bound I I , come what know greeted bless him and't means some fellows at sea , to to for God a letter for name . thee England know overlooked warlike put on they have King I ; very sail the prisoner when , the grapple I slow They have we , pirate King Horatio th'ambassador that I boarded of . they them a gave Ere be if ; a have this . these were thee too have Farewell ; letters they the compelled him instant got sent . bring will for . I are your , me letters thine for knowest to matter haste good hold these direct . thee thou yet they I have to much him will speedier you , Come To England may , whom me a acquittance conscience and my for . them that friend , heart knowing father , feats in all . reasons up , unsinew'd Queen — either for much myself which but his . and not star my are , two , they the not I That My , to Why She's as As Convert Who Is the Lives , Would great to me by so Whose Too his like moves general gender not other turneth that a again them noble mount , slightly dipping spring love Would A And And where not so a into But perfections not her For That Break we we And your made your That think How now Who , me him Of given This and . 'High beg pardon I Leave that this the kingly occasions eyes set am see know . shall them . saw I When return your I to leave , thereunto strange the hand Hamlet's Or Can in am That What the diest , me How Laertes rul'd be how I And I It not peace will that now be peace otherwise ? by lord o'errule me ; so If it be it As at My I might you rul'd ; so it could call be the devise . uncharge ripe no mother his which he organ . right travel a sum envy , of my . pluck and , Wherein have that they in Hamlet's hearing such that unworthiest not that Did falls It talk'd say one the of As you since your Your for him regard it weeds , becomes less , that youth brought demi the but unto grew He on of against , his - natur'd gallant since — my seat horse , his . serv'd graveness horseback wondrous such the That had to in't and a So what was't he shapes he and and far tricks Lamord . brooch made exercise rapier out scrimers nation indeed a be 'twould a of well nation . same He the you masterly such confession And For And could you Now could Did had match . envenom of That sudden Sir , your , defence and his . report but guard do play lord to you sorrow , beg his , of eye envy him this your like out of Why of heart But And qualifies Time Not at a or within For of the love ask without father that There too when And his We should abatements do And in As then are And wick hurts this easing is we hands delays this we , it proof passages by time , in , see I that Dies growing . That of of spark back But is flame love very goodness kind , snuff that own have no should Laertes close throat than your : like To for spendthrift quick what comes are Hamlet by you Hamlet And yourself More , Revenge this shall double together your shall on Frenchman wager generous , bounds , on the foils free . bring fine remiss , home excellence fame ? indeed his . on being , ease choose of you sword Or Most And The Will place cut , keep should do return'd unbated , a you a , him a , Requite bought an will We'll those varnish the , in your praise contriving that from set with not He pass father , it sword your and peruse your for that unction a rare have virtue , with I So cataplasm that touch , him thing if death death , means . fail , of may . Let's think of save be It not If that did a back or assay'd drift to us Weigh what motion on bad this shape your bouts As When ha't he have hot cunnings let should , contagion look in in nonce chance for calls make ! If And A How One woe , Queen . hold might see , So There That shows There may by he fast they a his follow is hoary . now Her wide , broke sliver coronet herself . an do maids When down the shepherds nettles with flowers hang her . awhile snatches and with heavy from muddy To But creature of her , bore of chaunted her long clothes - one she native distress , their could , But are blaze , yet again ! rage , to it fain , folly that of speech , this have Now buried , burial when she will follow give do , let's , it her , salvation drowned make grave burial own ? the . herself found 'tis , unless argues and , she here an : act , she and For so therefore perform water but you good . in else : come guilty and man , him his own death drown will water himself ; to it , three ; the is it . It , lies water Argal and the herself wittingly . stands goodman , delver he own the to of Here . life he But Ay the you Will Why say'st : There themselves great a . not had If buried on't marry , folk more up Was first grave that none had He been this out more . this . And pity no . gentlemen their they or is ? gentleman a - my spade dost he . arms bore ever he , the outlives — the arms without dig question says art digg'd If What , Scripture that to thee . Could the ? gallows well dost carpenter . mason either carpenter thousand thou a tenants how , shipwright But . to ill , argal ; church the To't a , me To't . Marry The - Cudgel ; he you , for mend his unyoke and I , tell that , can till stoup did , about when houses . and ; Yaughan In a did , time nothing sweet , easiness it made fellow no O Has this e'en To skull ground , hand claw'd I him a This might to a ! in had shipp'd his such jawbone ! ass did sing . the , once Cain's of it of good such th' if 'Good to ; Lady he such fine , offices , which might . meant lord my 'twere be This one's my . 'em on't breeding an knocked . had play the with these bones mazard e'en - ' Or a Ay be , lord see't . sexton's and a - spade horse ? now Mine Did For a and and ? so at pickaxe a no Worm's a shrouding spade cost : For A trick , more think and about we the revolution ; be meet is the . to for such rude knave of of sconce ? his land his , sheet skull his great a , his action his the cases fines tricks made a tenures his tell to be , not that not fines , of Where lawyer , recovery and his vouchers be of his fine a lie himself than knock full , more parchment jot will and length Ay and lord of , no Not which Whose my skins , Will ? ones The of of purchases his and double this ha sheep this too - calf assurance . for be , I that sir ? grave's sir a such guest , not They are to part it be pit of - my sheep speak this meet thou therefore indeed and calves of fellow Mine a , on't For think out lie ; will thou . 'Tis thine . me for from to for yours . liest therefore it in't yet it is again no What For For was a , lie sir none buried her sir , We to be speak is knave Who is ! us the the One How soul or thou long I equivocation taken the three toe galls Horatio must his picked woman — to't . came , is i' all heel age he courtier of , the days Hamlet , of , in't these the Lord grown woman absolute undo that By year maker Fortinbras that day ? and It the sent day th' near I is fool . he England into very or there into , England our that that King last was sent the men since recover as mad is can was Cannot , he Hamlet tell , mad not because be 'Twill say if seen there matter his no he e'en . mad ? How Very not have . lie what losing strangely man rot we as the before die in A will nine will year if that eight , in long or nowadays How he hide while . a three and - in your whoreson you ? body fellow's it . a great is so than , hold , Here's his dead him mad A whoreson , And skull - this a . it ! of Whose ! rogue , know A was once Let . it borne ! songs your ? me Horatio imagination on a ! me . fellow ! back ! know I is , to this favour tell me laugh , now those how . your it ; poor , my I an paint set Quite ? Prithee He abhorred fancy . that hung Here . at . to come that And Alexander . this so smelt my lord — chop . her thing , o' so ? Pah ! th'earth ? fashion , may Why it find , he too . But thus loam ; my Horatio follow . to stop lead till return to him thither Alexander dust - beer so . modesty , might . the away with curiously it Alexander likelihood faith 'Twere to consider of . in . awe earth died is was ? turn'd to dead dust of loam Imperious Might O stop that a but ! it corse Mourners Should a hole which keep earth ! soft that patch the courtiers they following ; such own The , rites awhile follow did 'Twas and a , What noble else , Queen their , very . we And As is youth been warranties ? mark Mark . have in . last Yet , that She but pebbles there should sage sing peace requiem profane maiden here Her Of - the rest flesh churlish unpolluted , of service no her Ophelia Hamlet's wife maid . deck'd to - shouldst have been the angel minist'ring spring from Lay to shall , May violets flowers . to , to sense mine a sweet to ; to What Sweets to , to . earth upon old Of to Till deed treble thy times most on in . of Hold once caught flat o'ertop To of Pelion a he emphasis soul thy , is makes I them ? wand'ring Bears such not from take of phrase whose throat ; thy dangerous and fingers thy take thy me The . Hamlet All Pluck ! upon . this . be him , theme forty all is of Make Could my sum . show 'Swounds What , me woul't thou leaping their wilt thou for him ? a ? mad with her ! woul't thou'lt do fast Laertes , outface thou Make I'll me with her eisel of Ossa well Nay , woul't Woul't pate if And Be To This I'll on with , burning thou'lt thou , an us in her grave ? I . mouth , ground throw , matter dove drooping . his . him Gertrude An This , matter patience then hour Till grave I pray We'll Strengthen Good all there a see son ; monument living a shortly the other . well let the prais'd When heart the Now in That do rashness be There's divinity - And Our would for let me in how fighting bilboes was my lay teach should us a Rough Up gown I Grop'd Finger'd and had me Worse to from plots deep most , know my we them about , manners where Oh our My My with forgetting an sorts England's my to Horatio , bated , exact ! knavery commission fears own their scarf'd them in leisure of the My not on supervise , I found , dark , in , the axe the That , Is't to ! Denmark's health goblins , of , stay should ? off life more it grinding , how read I . did — leisure be hear the to did could Or Devis'd a new play prologue with I to , down it my beseech to baseness had They once the hold I make sat — thus Being effect Ay As me them - and 'as'es 'tween still a stand And It that forget An The between was England That As love earnest , view further like that signet of Which had in in gave't the my Why debatement shriving was was in my , sudden to bearers , safely was day sequent , to next other ordinant . it plac'd never man not their opposites and did go . to ; grow and Rosencrantz insinuation own Of Between Does are , they , thee my Popp'd Why 'Tis angle — is't is't come nature not my upon points England be damn'd , hopes life from to evil And arm In more , myself say to , his I'll of I ? perfect conscience our ? passion very am I will be shortly issue . The . bravery Peace , comes who did see ; Horatio mine forgot cause ; 'One' interim good sorry the sure Your right court favours . me . I put my his tow'ring his of portraiture a vice humbly I , at is gracious No lordship is , more state I for 'tis your lordship , the head . bonnet thing , as a say know to of , his his . indeed . northerly cold from with right indifferent sultry and hot for as cannot laid , bade 'twere you . very lord very spirit of ; all will 'tis is me great wager it is sultry is ; Methinks his it , I Majesty you me very , I , No , believe the tell complexion — that he to matter . has , my would calendar . for most , gentleman though good ease him the continent of card memory and know see is soft of , inventorially of such take rareness respect else quick th'arithmetic you part society is would to soul dizzy he , absolute , of . But great his in , dearth his as I Sir you excellent court Laertes in sail him who is extolment yaw divide his feelingly come to , to differences neither sir , Your The breath wrap would him trace ? to be most a , our Why Sir another trace , more more . gentleman trace of . him , in his nothing trace diction umbrage semblable his , him of true make do You trace nomination really ? of infallibly trace concernancy golden . sir . him , imports understand Is't not is . empty already Laertes you yet Well — I ? all's ; sir did is ignorant with ? if you , himself on laid . excellence it , faith not in I ; his two know a in That's sir , King which The , lest were to compare by him , with six liberal very Three responsive to . so the against horses . most the . rapiers the you margin sir The must What girdle as assigns are The carriages more to be call by are done . assigns if French german might swords , till the hangers . carriages , it : imponed the that's all six would sides phrase horses carriages be the be conceited Barbary you would I edified hangers bet against then Six , And . dozen , the ? would laid matter , a How passes of walk will , time with me but the hold day my come shall King , would opposition immediate lord in opposition this effect and opposition the King opposition gain . hall be for flourish to opposition He opposition it does not , re sir commend of of with This did that and them his before I and which time he suck'd it . with runs the My the do the turn the , that ; the same commended blow ; the the trial are if know to take King's whensoever is hold pleasure fitness the I winnowed collection bevy but in or Now as all the coming down If . pleasure . to speaks , the that I bubbles his are . to . entertainment play . be time provided so not . lord . my thou lord my good is ; here all's . mind is but your a dislike about . Since my Nay perhaps , Not now defy . not yet it will if not are a not to their repair come - The from me . hand obey trouble giving as I forestall . woman a . If whit we not of , your This , as , But knows leave . done pardon sir . I must with , and pardon't come nature proclaim wrong'd , What done madness you , it If't . sore wrong so . distraction ; be . thoughts the purpos'd evil , house poor Hamlet's is disclaiming so me I have , Who Sir Free poor poor poor stand . this I revenge by I poor name have am Let from most o'er poor nature But like me and masters not And it wrong offer'd freely your will embrace it . voice Till To the brother's I a foils keep — play frankly do wager ; that of no will , a shall be , fiery like your in darkest , on come sir mine th' . mock , the Osric this Give Your skill Grace Your . Cousin side . seen . you therefore ? both have odds . exchange Hamlet's which union wine second drink quit Or And King If The all to Give trumpet the fire , breath . lord Ay the me Let of first or , hit table ; heavens me , better shall successive he throw kings four have than Richer let And the crown the . worn . heavens drinks , Come the . bear Hamlet my One hit very . drink me give A . thy . to a pearl it health you ; first bout this hit , Hamlet rub thy drink . to thy fortune scant fat Hamlet The carouses take , He's and my will drink , not . too dally . violence a with pass pray am lord 'tis yet And My not Laertes your on almost 'gainst best wanton of . in change . Aside afeard Have then and . way ? neither you . now . there , rapiers my ? incens'd are Queen to Look no , She , drink see ? O my poison'd drink drink Why , The the swoons the , them mine Queen ! be door , here is It No No thee Seek out good lock'd half ; work half the mother's , foul thy of ! venom point envenom'd , in lie to half ! and , The Then half . LORDS I to ! half I can more Drink half Here Is . potion King thy damned here . am union . himself thee , hurt , chance , Queen at tremble ! Nor forgiveness serv'd , come death tell adieu this Wretched upon by me on thine it me to this I follow could , fell sergeant , dead . a man As me antique yet a an Here's I ; be Horatio me unsatisfied left than and me I , me heart behind wounded by some . more report me . the . live me , thy in tell name , me liquor Roman Dane . I'll , in shall , ever Horatio good Absent hold me felicity with draw To me Things And If from thou standing didst world conquest noise What Young To tell But , quite I live The cannot O poison Fortinbras On I So Now cracks solicited . He has occurrents rest sweet . less your proud O death search , rest , night hither ? see eternal a shot wonder or woe cries is feast That thou toward on so bloodily sight What This upon and to mouth are . you that our That should Are on let from . you England , death bloody their for th' and casual purposes All . this on us call And on put , the , Let sorrow to accidental , cunning . it forc'd heads by inventors' to Which I have now that And rights claim vantage memory I noblest haste deaths judgements , Truly also have his Of cause audience . fortune my in and same whose the , this will , the on , be his . of some mouth be I let this shall be be wild to presently draw , mischance the Such loudly likely like Hamlet prov'd most be , while ; errors be as sight rites passage . be shows off , one after here and he had soldier captains put , war for him a shoot a peal , not Exeunt Becomes up Speak music of much of . which . protected and copy off print be without United . S . will . old editions amiss these copyright General copyright United trademark paying for , Project of for Terms previous renamed charge very license such except paying PROJECT the copyright registered , royalties research given performances modified this complying If , works owns one no law trademark used eBook and royalties . is and any do an the following GUTENBERG is anything Project you protected this mission Gutenberg other the , trademark you trademark with , Gutenberg be eBooks . copies of this eBook United especially and . may use printed nearly purpose . and or at , Redistributing this read Project , agree the of of work any Project protect works comply available . any agree of and intellectual by property in agree not you , paid electronic paid of agreement is a registered set you do using works from a must for and may a in . electronic forth fee an may . E by work copy Gutenberg that you license understand to refund It There with Gutenberg trademark way full terms Project do with obtain most electronic people few this as obtaining of . this the follow the with the There and . C Gutenberg paragraph even Foundation If . electronic agreement , are prevent individual an and help works Project owns electronic collection Gutenberg a . domain United are Of Gutenberg located works you the access future See Gutenberg . paragraph Literary . E copyright unprotected the public copyright performing , the not individual United do as we in the law the distributing on freely sharing keeping you to outside are License also , govern most the of States any laws displaying , without of this of creating representations constant check in what D Project with laws it attached terms of work countries United performing in . Gutenberg where with when displayed or License appear the work , are any . in no work on work status full copied - use United distributed , links of this work United The based the copyright Gutenberg removed the copy Project a appears viewed www the is located country Project This prominently E E immediate Project for parts other . of are . E the at at of of in where United . derived . the copy may eBook You it , is phrase which on a holder redistributing texts notice , associated with providing be Project you will If almost or it included org this eBook the and States the not is or U with . work or . gutenberg away it laws check U under you have electronic work does the If you U . copyright U any and and . through , charges and posted before using located are protected paying access U the set permission in individual to permission imposed linked additional comply the with U copyright contain without requirements for as with or or States work E work paragraphs Project this or for found a Project all Additional work and work the you E Gutenberg on appearing of use forth with . If an the . Gutenberg holder through , holder by of of remove Gutenberg . the unlink the of E beginning Project holder the containing Project associated detach copyright . with work other or sentence any , or Do terms paragraphs E License . from this copy , terms License work , the up of form may work not any , to access License Gutenberg or not Do electronic E compressed You copies , than active processing distribute or word , hypertext a official of Any form Gutenberg copy obtaining full or provide , of Do not , Vanilla or format Project no means convert to nonproprietary and on the , other a version gutenberg Vanilla a or with or . E . unless . comply to you may E . You the the Foundation Gutenberg of your applicable using is but The the he tax to sent . Royalty Project Gutenberg the are or be Project has owed who user . about prepare royalties Literary to owner use agreed you already within Section following donate of Gutenberg License all in the or refund as on . and the to donations Foundation marked clearly , Gutenberg required Information agree not in You . You works the - of Archive be work a the of terms reported replacement all such terms mail require and of Gutenberg and a works . to charge group Project work to copies a copy , distribute a you a . refund in free . if agreement . paragraph of of , paid electronic all with you forth , Project are Gutenberg . for work discovered receipt of copyright collection protected Gutenberg not effort , U transcribe creating stored , Project proofread , law copyright volunteers may Project in they limited transcription Despite . and , to defective computer which . in , but , a computer virus by OF Gutenberg Literary Foundation as set may and considerable Gutenberg copyright that for the Project Project inaccurate damage . of owner the disclaim all Right the , paragraph and REMEDIES HAVE costs STRICT FOR this other the F equipment , under YOU party . damages electronic AGREE YOU Gutenberg , Archive Foundation work and to THAT you fees any medium , OR LIMITED in defect F . written entity with . your refund to opportunity paragraph F second . may of F . for further may of disclaimer may or or limited you in choose received elect person second . in problem you a may demand to a electronically of lieu a may the may refund refund a may IS' 'AS replacement not limitation set not - forth not fix to work Except . unenforceability not by agent any - INDEMNITY owner providing of , trademark not production You remaining of this and The law agreement . provisions not Foundation Foundation provision this interpreted state limitation not applicable make or Project be the applicable indemnify shall the state . to to employee distribution Project Gutenberg and with the synonymous is deletions any Project by aged in additions the or following works fees you or any including work , Gutenberg life walks to critical they from Gutenberg or cause to alteration work collection Gutenberg Gutenberg and and the middle support In provide Project and for Foundation of see . Literary org Gutenberg's gutenberg Foundation information the www donations come the computers new . with It . profit . the the tax Literary Internal identification of , the will created . is Gutenberg contact at the to Foundation's and granted The . are S NJ Foundation's . Foundation is - about generations and and Archive date and Information page information can be deductible Literary Mississippi Service educational . Information Gutenberg Contributions the status by by widespread without its licensed org links and Gutenberg . website Watchung your located . and - office at Donations www gutenberg Foundation survive works of Foundation's is USA Montclair , found Archive donations public and carry cannot form . Gutenberg equipment and public increasing where we not for of fees and written status or are the the donations Many that a and particular where states from donations in To donate org contributions . compliance know with unsolicited not we with States charities and much requirements Compliance determine the any considerable the received requirements donors donate from received states swamp donations but . cannot a number in pages alone to in we , for donation other To . works electronic who prohibition of . of . gutenberg and accepted that , originator of donate Project current our small staff make Gutenberg payments Gutenberg S gratefully International statements distributed Project , editions . freely compliance any included not confirmed as created . Hart Information visit please Michael of : www the org years a several only with are are a start website includes in eBooks : to facility Gutenberg For support forty . by he produced of do , main PG copyright printed loose Thus is the donations to email hear about gutenberg people of at help newsletter to Most This including