Stand . Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand . Francisco . Stand think you do Well of hear I I liegemen to And night Horatio him , Barnardo of piece . him , us seen him of apparition . 'twill eyes approve if watch I not have let belief take our of of story your our . ears , myself , where the figure off the In not like speak It harrows the it Peace , scholar ? art Looks with which march In sometimes Together By ! offended stalks . How not ! this , own not ! I on't ! Horatio ! Is my God What you think the not art armour strange . at jump gone he to work scope eruption tell most and subject cast implements shipwrights Sunday that , can I from , of whose of this such why And And mart for labourer be toward joint that Does not might night goes now Fortinbras us to of Norway most in ; by compact lands had cov'nant those heraldry his return'd competent all and who known emulate seal'd , the to moiety ; and hot sir full , same conqueror the Fortinbras , chief the figure Rome eye wars e'en this these King , fell and the streets and and sun of fire Neptune's doomsday of with empire fierce events sheeted dead star the still like whose in Was the almost sick And Roman moist coming on earth , demonstrated . me blast ! our heaven preceding earth together . earth it countrymen where earth earth . earth ! earth earth , in earth womb in of ! it Marcellus with . it it , 'Tis here ! of the blows is 'Tis gone being so offer it 'Tis , wrong do speak it air show it And , was For about , it , vain to started fearful on the crowing , say ever , Wherein The bird , Some nights The , No fairy hallow'd takes are then It , Walks , of dew the morn and so nor wholesome and gracious is hath , no to stir spirit , dawning then witch part russet , we have acquaint , loves shall us upon speak tonight advice hill my seen my with it him I Where This Unto you Do do't consent Let's Therefore Th'imperial our Together Have of now warlike defeated , him queen , whole Attendant and us that dear our and , brow one sometime with to 'twere and with have which For young all , wife scale we That Yet so wisest our think on state ourselves dropping barr'd , marriage , eye and one dirge and have in our his of all much bonds of message of bed nephew's herein for valiant father full ; and , his , Norway business surrender dream pester the Importing state Our most his this with not To our Now Thus To The You For business bearers , Out lists gait subject Cornelius of good these all : nothing , haste articles , King dilated . than old greeting our you ? show what's speak some , us lose You voice of now told You And That head hand The your things , and cannot The is And is more From leave to My my I France duty willingly duty I Your and whence favour my to in your bend confess show bow , lord your Aside But . now A He Take do Upon , best fair is , And Thou so Not for Good know'st thy If thy thee ? through thy Passing 'tis eye ever noble thy it . eternity that is with particular thy , forc'd solemn , thy I , eye , thy seems , not know thy be , Nor madam Why not alone No These but But That impious In these mourning in nature , Hamlet of suits the within a man , passeth truly . These indeed play ; father lost father duties and , know sweet 'Tis It A As death A must so most should most must heart we what shows Of stubbornness understanding our thing vulgar in , he and , a , mind a simple An to For Take it any the You Than As This that the let less , and the our throne , his desire to , and prayers lose comfort of ; stay It we pray I in thy mother and Denmark loving obey a accord come Hamlet , Madam you to madam , the beseech you cousin chiefest and us , courtier Our fair reply shall flesh melt , tell shall clouds today , again itself resolve the that this too : nature world in garden this ! to should not king ! weary Seem How all ; That ! 'tis of and fie Oh on't Hyperion months it That Must So excellent face a so beteem not satyr ; to my thy , old eyes galled incestuous wicked in most unrighteous father , a Within , my no — poor mine uncle reason — discourse . Hercules of more must . she wants that but the O nor , not break It , my to do forget well myself lord servant , I Horatio or such With But And ? lord good My you name Wittenberg . that my same The I'll , your poor my . sir Wittenberg so enemy your , make hear to truant To I Against it . yourself father's your your Elsinore you funeral . wedding . student the marriage Or ever I coldly furnish forth to it do not see my it me mock was lord my upon hard - lord see my Horatio goodly king father foe funeral in Horatio , met , seen methinks . all , upon father him upon upon upon upon upon ? upon upon while your . for till to me This the your King my , marvel gentlemen , walk'd figure cap - your pie thrice them by and with the to jelly not fear and them and at point oppress'd speak and whilst fear - A exactly stately By And , the The slow Within his Appears Goes - act kept him ; the had . are ? it to upon where the deliver'd third secrecy them of My answer Itself then the lord , none head it up motion made not My you where platform , lord I : even But to But at the sound it our me it honour'd it you sirs MARCELLUS We writ , of the BARNARDO ? do from head . up anger ? frowningly in , Nay A What , my lord look'd more countenance And Pale would , very Longer and like Stay'd a . longer . saw't have his , hundred . BARNARDO MARCELLUS Not when I grizzled was as A Perchance I If bid I'll I though though though And though If to be whatsoever loves an the though would though some I though Till Your though Though the foul earth my o'erwhelm as Farewell sleep , eyes come were men's not , foul deeds rise benefit winds do you . blood lasting . alone ; a , suppliance No but does it ; soil service The virtue his , is nor will himself not may He Carve of greatness For crescent no as of this his to is fear you cautel he the . Perhaps his be that state own ; loves it withal songs , goes honour unmaster'd fear or credent too voice deed his wisdom so his fits Whereof May with your Ophelia shot chariest unmask 'scapes the buttons be of the youth , brother keep this my and ungracious But of Whilst As And the me Do not the steep to as pastors path me fear . vulgar thoughts of your thy his with their no unto thou familiar character Nor thou friends hast , thou that th'opposed each Of new do to hatch'd thy means steel . Beware , entertainment ; purse can thee , that ; friend and lender chief in and man few , husbandry night nor any . nor gaudy , nor , not be true nor . self nor nor most they And Are of a : nor Farewell And And do ; your , in man lord leave nor take my and remember . of nor , lock'd . key it well servants you you said very he Farewell Lord bethought ; most , you to do your 'Tis please me time , something Ophelia What , be daughter yourself I 'tis been audience As He You it Have so and affection of speak tenders . tell , think ? them many , up late Give me so clearly your you . pay baby ; phrase go , to — he In may countenance , thus — Or Running it not tongue blood to holy hath , almost in the With hath Believe And him . at your for to much you . may In command a Be something so your vows which may of as blazes prodigal the both - a vows more their not The Breathing But that beguile . This and of implorators dye slander you like I would charge mere to't to give I Look not words I , As Do Than not believe terms come moment for all forth . cold very is air eager and it is . air The It bites shrewdly . twelve of now . the , swaggering his and draughts takes , upspring lord reels with other and native is't it mind marry a of - And They Makes us heavy the manner though the than east our wherein mole in nature in them guilty , men it : here phrase takes . at the breach born a custom west of height indeed , not are particular of stamp of Fortune's they censure take undergo as general particular Nature's , corruption as pure be as may or the star , lord it substance man complexion , of manners I Being From that else , plausive say in infinite hell a questionable thee . Dane thee wicked or defend us blasts my , Bring and from charitable from but death sepulchre , or such to , burst goblin , complete in of we reaches the thus thoughts beyond Wherefore our ? moon may why , his glimpses , to disposition should ? we of our with to To you ? horridly With Revisit'st , the , this So night hideous ground . it action courteous alone go away did , it ? immortal what life at it as , set not Being a And for do Why I It soul And draw And . of into roar , fathoms to of Think . on Go It me still sea , reason beneath the toys many might there to Or hears looks Without Which puts go more into deprive And That Be makes You as fate out , this nerve . body gentlemen artery in a make ! am each the I I'll , desperate with waxes ; Let's say heaven hardy ghost , imagination on 'tis fit . him Heaven rotten him not after Something Nay follow Have this come state the in Speak me Mark ? will let's . me lead thou wilt Whither To am what I to render up . serious thy unfold ghost sulph'rous bound ? thou So Pity Are To I Speak , am thy term spirit , in prison from their must on , lightest house , forbid , my stars particular . blazon the and like soul combined father dear murder — is best and unnatural ; love as sweep me Murder to As be weed , hear , Hamlet my ear death . soul crown of process so ; find thee thou in me Is not rots duller And That itself the that that abus'd Wouldst thou , my noble Denmark , the lust have traitorous incestuous — Mine adulterate beast ! his wears O , with wit and most that that — shameful queen virtuous was that gifts to itself , wretch virtue natural will , bed angel heaven be vow air morning , my , orchard the vial of in juice custom leperous such porches the Holds That Upon of of The with of of of distilment hour always an and like and curd swift of of hebenon cursed blood instant like of All I was Most Cut of Of of , thin And wholesome , dispatch'd once , but ! hast O No life Thus . did about hand sin , in royal for O pursu'st most horrible to my incest ; it be : contrive heaven lodge bosom nor her , the shows to 'gins those that ; luxury thee ! not bear , bed Denmark , this damned nature thou If glow - adieu thorns and The O shall And Ay , thou you adieu couple you mother her thee Fare aught adieu in her . adieu ? old earth adieu fie not Remember while up , copied there pressures adieu a ? adieu What adieu adieu seat ! heaven is damned a , down in and be and Meet O thy books and the book youth , all away That saws All one is , there . and My Within HORATIO It have , my lord . ' me , sworn't Lord secure . Within it . him ho , Within , my , lord ho my ! wonderful lord . lord , No Good my Hillo How say you There's a , Ay Not would , my lord man of But by Denmark . heaven lord right that : part and circumstance i' dwelling and be secret in , knave heaven ne'er , tell villain an my To right fit it , and . lord at ; grave , my , go I'll offend ; lord , point whirling you is your business we hath without more every , as it and shall desire ; wild are And an Saint offence much , Yes Patrick , And request is't What you as your honest desire are As For , Touching what know too . may . me Never known one to scholars ? Give my , will will swear't but Upon , lord I my sword , in We , lord have already . the truepenny . faith cellarage in thou of Never to Propose seen . we'll Then speak this by Consent this ? ground . you Swear Beneath . heard th'earth i' work Canst a and as And is it welcome ? strange , friends fast good , But you , soe'er , before as therefore odd never I bear I put hereafter so . meet phrase and or pronouncing As To at arms 'Well we 'If such ambiguous giving this head think so shall 'There be to to , we if note need most — out me of So and aught grace list you Beneath at So , help . Swear Swear you do this might' , would' and , Hamlet you in to as I . right it go willing , That him this Give , money is your O spite , joint of out come set notes you . very ; Enquire , who I Danskers in where , finding ; touch you question they . it , his and friends him come knowledge part Take And What how , well me company By That As , they , in What your him' know his distant will demands you well ' marry father may you ' there of and known rank ; 'not put lord , Ay in , wanton To My or . sir may you and But lord , You youth that ; slips far . the on his charge go . liberty , As You That not as another Ay , must he open to scandal they flash another my and of another . in it may put is but of another — assault lord this you in outbreak taints another . another general sir a here's another lord believe laying these a thing a another 'twere I party Ay , I And Having , You I I my would , guilty of seen warrant , working I breathe , you , i' of fetch sullies little I I As I I According to the country my , Of so in , sir The ' He then By the phrase you youth Very And He I about What something he does I 'gentleman ay : thus know day you gentleman and as . ' ? leave I say marry ; o'ertook tennis' such now , in's the was in him was Or At or he at , out There Your b' son So by my , and with wisdom directions have you . of , well have you . lord fare . Well How now lord , my , I , doublet in his head , look gyved down a speak shirt was sewing his knees piteous purport all he out - his Ungart'red No as , with And Pale lord me the all his ; I do ? comes love said took his I As , but , fear his brow arm me , he my face ; love seek on me to ecstasy of undertakings , arm and and down , eyes me help turn'd , lets ? late sorry hard you and did command as passion any with . very property you As afflict . I under desperate fordoes violent And What , have does I His access made better beshrew to sort jealousy my but , judgement did he fear'd as with . for , Come . to hath him thee But in , hate to kept we than ourselves it It discretion it meant And To younger , close utter see long hide being did use to call inward should hath put , thus it What death it cannot I More Our The Moreover Welcome Hamlet's father's from your rest here in our to your his days , have hasty we much ; much That since And Since of young I so you draw as from occasion he , open'd on time neighbour'd of that than his , by and humour , youth Some To As For As fits Both profit your visitation shall us will , us of , in freely the to We Than lay To Might , by your give up And and gentle our to . practices , joyfully Are Norway my lord , amen hast still Thou from the news my have so else my hold I you return'd . Both hold my lord ? been duty my I I Assure to policy I sure of : do to us'd hath it As Give them my sweet fruit to . the , marriage him ! friends . hath in queen of it father's shall o'erhasty our and Norway from our Well , Welcome , nephew's Most To His But better preparation , the Polack found truly appear'd suppress ? our and death my return levies against Upon Say , Voltemand first be into sickness from before , joy Majesty arms arrests ; his , impotence griev'd in out his age his : obeys his more your with those against crowns against he , his his which rebuke th'assay , herein dominions are set safety . his and this for please pass , down his to of might Norway his him an levied So That With . labour : is time . of soul , is but This rest night think , majesty . ended is well your to what , flourishes , wit is . But but Therefore and time time . 'tis : but the is with with pity . cause out it , for I . A use And now with remains , 'tis ? with ; art true . at defective effect with say rather have I Hath duty Now gather with obedience she . her in with given , and mark this with art this comes the , me and phrase soul's and and this Or a this phrase : a my , but to Good stay this you the To Who celestial ill Doubt But I will fire a I numbers , never truth love But that I most stars sun Doubt Doubt awhile , I at , This out more thou are be to the that dear Ophelia evermore And obedience above , by means . love what fain As they fell by hath you man do how What As I When a prove of All so and me . honourable the you to , sight , dumb , gave her : I star precepts his tokens done That be not This she Admit And Or my Or . I , mute work , declension advice of then the did herself receive , a prince out then fruits resort and , and and very a and there and the to Fell into lightness , by and and know ? ''Tis , time When I and this , it I and I otherwise were will find I I if this I know prov'd positively have I know I may You Take I I such a you the I Where How in the thereon , to not daughter . then . four sometimes sadly , But Mark I behind no from comes reading fall'n reason his But Do me , well know Excellent Well , you You my him a my , as I , thousand . is . fishmonger , ten lord goes dog , would you my so true a in maggots of Honest world Then not i' th' sun daughter How at truly that walk by first I'll And ; speak . suffered a Still I extremity read , for as . a blessing look you . my . to't was my who my words — was , What , Between was mean was , was me not was . Words was words him to was ; weak believe you I yet sir . Though the , madness be , hold and not old go out Will , hams ; their For wrinkled , that are satirical the the it slave they sir , though lack thick have in't ? I on How leave and and sometimes which daughter reason will my him take of happiness A lord sir My You honourable , withal cannot except Fare These old my humbly my , life my most , tedious me my the . save anything will I lord my he . is ; you God ! ye ? Guildenstern both Happy As Rosencrantz excellent friends . Ah ? her . of are are children that we indifferent soles . strumpet . favours we cap about Neither waist O the , but news your news ; of , my the her Fortune Prison that is my , the Fortune ? true Let honest not deserved ? that you , my to lord , th' the Denmark's prison world confines . a wards . is it or have it in ; 'tis , I a too . for there nutshell and narrow . lord nothing either . To it to 'tis then , Why your bounded were , be it so one makes indeed dreams ambitious are the itself ambition but shadow of dream . it heroes that outstretch'd my attended dreadfully am what . GUILDENSTERN upon the For ? We'll , monarchs , you you lord . rest other I you . halfpenny ? thank me own To beaten I it my , should ? your with What . am even to You for not know in But the inclining are of friendship dear a ; you . occasion sent Come , nay in poor too thanks , kind anything Is it lord , your looks purpose to of . enough you colour teach love be withal by , even for direct no by and and But obligation our were of love my why to the sent sent you , of that I discovery , custom disposition your . forgone brave this my all so you and fire , congregation , promontory and in express like how , and form this , excellent fretted with foul , nor say in ; the admirable beauty what , no . is all with a me of animals Man by dust the , a no in thing than , sterile golden reason pestilent action neither me how , of faculties in Why My , was lord my , you think the players laugh from if delight be , king they to , his shall freely such are delight . residence Their travel they chances both of reputation the verse target ; tickle both ways means the they they the inhibition by the I ? Are they are of , same , it keeps comes How they think Do in eyases — so . that so did followed in innovation . is top that scarce them are out ; pace , indeed , not ? No wonted ? players ? as it wrong them escoted not money , the do while nation cuffs no holds of possible . the about much been the throwing . brains Hercules carry of ? forty those and , find 'Sblood twenty , his and . too load away King his natural in Denmark lived , little you I me tell . with . could must the . But outward . mad from and north - welcome garb appurtenance this are In what , hawk , be you a When players deceived . You , my west , handsaw ear is clouts swaddling an You indeed Mark . That . man — 'twas tell to Roscius have news . come Buzz tell to I lord Then came , sir : actors Upon each historical , pastoral - his pastoral - in best Seneca be cannot . These the too light . men tragical , tragedy , nor treasure individable scene Plautus only the history , comedy , thou , and well had he daughter What . the - comical pastoral O , pastoral writ historical - my , what , Israel Jephthah , you Jephthah my , lord . ' . my on Still love I my , not . well that Nay first are , masters O my old friend to ? am comes will , of row welcome As Why you know show Thy see thee young than Masters at fly my lord passionate ? Come was never acted , or if you , your of million others , like chopine ladyship beard thou Com'st your a cracked e'en be . my , received not the , anything taste us the such in of the was , play , was judgements was much but he and was matter It very savoury remember one nor was begin was rugged is The was by called no in cried in that in sallets the honest fine . see , foot , the to lines might One method phrase an and , Priam's tale matter thereabout of horse to , let arms dismal . dismal dismal hellish and light , Pyrrhus dismal . seeks Priam , with Roasted dismal parching daughters . gules dismal dismal horridly a coagulate dismal the carbuncles So he his to Anon dismal him His it of , his Ilium top , and , Stoops his , Which feel father whiff drives Priam at . Unequal where antique , accent with , spoken well , Takes reverend neutral and , sword hideous , on , to with Th'unnerved Seeming Pyrrhus Repugnant So As silence Doth the as bold But And in hush Out , In remorse , forg'd for Fortune falls thou general the synod spokes take dreadful thunder pause her hill away ! bleeding , work sword , heaven . to the fiends to . nave round As — long as This or on ? your of bawdry tale ; barber's is beard with , jig to Say 'The the her stood , threat'ning is good the — up head flames sport in tongue would saw sword them not her , diadem rheum o'erteemed of A down , a , robe heaven — eyes , tears in's . gods more of eyes at of the turn'd for they After used will , your I the ? better them them will Use , honour desert . dignity chronicles bad you . use merit is your every according a and the while own . in desert . The of The ? a down and ? tomorrow study Ay , you mock not . leave him I'll to welcome are that and Good my Elsinore . lord wi' My You Guildenstern , monstrous in her his working in fiction a so , But a rogue from Could Ay b' that peasant dream here am . I all his her ? whole I of visage nothing would for aspect wan'd , player ye and forms he And Make I should mad very have ? and cue he ? rascal mettled of eyes and with speech , indeed free peak tears the , guilty faculties he the ear Confound Had That He - and general horrid unpregnant not for cause I Yet dear life coward ? most Am breaks made , ears king throat ? across for it this th' this or , it ? me it my pate lie gall brave is , am Oh slave's Remorseless Why With Tweaks As I make offal ass son ! brain upon't heard be villain kindless the all bitter oppression To , a by , scullion a my creatures heaven of I vengeance , an , And That by Been About , Fie unpack a very heart father dear it quick . players these have his will looks have and devil blench speak . yea , melancholy I'll . damn very weakness conscience The the of me potent uncle though have no the , my to shape than Wherein me my pleasing devil Before him the , If he hath , grounds King Grating Get you he does from And him With But with true keeps be some , demands . reply our of but in Niggard , out to . well you his Did , on it And This To beseech'd he 'Tis hear content edge me delights , may , espials , accident my . Affront ourselves , for your That I hope beauties obey you be so : good Of be That by th'affliction of as his is love Ophelia the happy do . honours wonted wish virtues , cause your again Ophelia oft , pious action We — lash my the with painted give true ! too do The O 'tis that ugly Aside And himself we I The Devoutly sleep To That more No heart ; and arrows 'tis not Whether The slings take and by a sleep the thousand , ay mortal the life . coil scorns proud and so whips , of his make of spurns the man's law's delay of contumely , of of of , time of takes quietus would from those we of of pale pith of with the does others that resolution all , have of , thy Nymph their ! all , day many yours well , Soft . a in , this , remembrances to . aught . well for lord my you , longed pray My And made not I thank not I deliver . of not . not , you not not not not Take gifts , lord commerce than discourse honesty with now but , honesty gives beauty our . inoculate . so cannot . it of ; shall Indeed , should stock into You . lord proof my me we a thee indifferent myself knaves such . as I do at yet had give my your believe all , but my ambitious should to not I could me accuse of of I my them crawling us of he Farewell , upon him own , that . between and shape imagination What . are nunnery be shut home in's as I'll doors Let thou If the thee snow . this , thou . hath make of . Be . marry given , wantonness and your me married but a ! already ! hath , that is of , and tune woe what His affections though form way see of harsh me soul , to tribute as you Hamlet grief Lord . of yet beating . But How commencement his , the him the not him with best Your Madness wisdom send conference him be , it to players very the the you acquire had not . ones , passion it groundlings dumb passion too . of do for in do , trippingly offends nothing I lines I pray not pronounced as it my use the - but for avoid your your let ; word is and her now show overdone the Be action , that is off of body so observance the the neither the you from , was it though tardy and time ; theatre make form his , some play grieve the of there be , and , they , have . set some . That's fool too reform we altogether had , man nor I well hope it than more down in that those , villainous some them let for to And necessary be barren of work piece lord make shows . uses on it my this , and ready them . man a withal your lord dear . conversation O do advancement , what no thee let the may thrift Where Since one A man thee of buffets and And ? hear choice finger Fortune's suffers hast , election that suffering in men fawning . thanks that Fortune's for herself all , For , her mingled those , are with equal judgement stop they what not is sound Whose blood and That please and before near of that my the the of this heart much of Something . death circumstance - act father's Give ; play Give our rivet imaginations in Give will will Give eyes stithy are as to his I of censure Give we mine ghost , the , Give detecting coming to 'scape Give Enter aught Give both Give steal King play a Guildenstern ; answer , King King once i' King play'd good King actor . King so I : cannot ; these feed King eat . air the King , not To . mine did I brute a do mark by . me patience ! lie , I Ay my , I . legs ? lord think You are merry cheerfully Who I . my lord , Nothing . but my lord my for I'll year . not But O suffer him a upon He he O shall half Then ? yet forgotten black wear the two die , let memory may then his else he 'For or is embracing the forgot is epitaph ! ' and . down passionate , ears makes comes and in . awhile in play ? love loth dead finds The some or miching , this the , imports means it the of . cannot show are for our mark , the . ashamed meant this and to your naught you the And Full salt thirty Neptune's thirty times may bands thirties borrow'd with and love But So you , nothing it so be done . know Yet late distrust I from Yet count you , me is woe Yet us again Yet ere lord , or , siz'd , proof Yet is love great , their powers shalt belov'd Yet Yet , Honour'd operant fears Yet love is my as what my is grow , the great hath love great leave little , My I must And thou the shalt haply love leave fair Wormwood instances of base second When Are None you believe what I do now But , To The to violent but unripe unshaken necessary what fruit birth the oft now what think determine ourselves pay The What This That not For Their And Our Our thoughts The The man hitherto who who But Meet Each An here I would , once a have blanks well widow If . leave me fain and . opposite cheer turn give pursue she what To hence My 'Tis deeply heard ? there her keep Madam never come protests rock thy much the , you but What do they , do , the a 'tis Gonzago how O argument Is play . our ; that we gall'd between You are you your love dallying a , withers good chorus are Duke's of souls free piece is anon and interpret , to nephew , groaning leave , Pox ; for thy damnable . keen revenge time collected weeds creature of th'garden On Thy Confederate ban life gets The King of very for's magic Hecate's black Thou poisons , i' and him written is , How some . lord the in murderer frighted play the . away deer go feathers . if roses players , razed rest the on , sleep of Provincial , my of ? of two a O , This know and , very A Jove I'll Very Of might — Horatio , O Ah music , the belike For music Good my lord , music The King music , the music likes some not he music whole music ? him music distempered sir with rather , to purgation . his signify would choler some . my sir tame , affair frame , spirit hath If mother's it of end the your . my me right , answer be my cannot your me not breed return I will do sir you as But diseased I lord rather say say into , you her is there ? you go to you . any . Have stealers me and surely . to your friend himself King is proverb something with drive me you , is into too upon love this pipe ? cannot discourse the not have will with and mouth , utterance . govern it Look any skill a to you there ; would mystery look now command cannot how would you , you ? speak music me from , Call it me know and played would lord than make me fret bless , cloud you on cannot compass to , yet God Queen yonder , much is a pipe what upon you will . indeed . weasel to the top . weasel a like like a . a . friends me night They and , of itself I , now business could drink . none . consent , Soft not enter not be speak , lose thy this firm . shent , be hypocrites never and daggers tongue How give My soul in she soul you not dispatch safe with endure , you mind bound of the and of 'noyance and single not . It is massy like the near With What's That alone lives keep all To live the strength from many consequence Never . ruin boist'rous the the Arm you Did Dies The mortis'd For Each whose on hear And as said Behind he's Since speech , process warrant was I'll going to convey myself than wisely she'll audience more meet you The is brother's murder be as this brother's begin , blood heavens hand cursed business intent will I strong can upon't to , heaven ; to defeats ! guilt a not to it there Were And stand , where rain white confront than Is To fault Can Buys oft In the gilded out There the Offence's crown effects mine corrupted hand and what , Forgive me I am for one May Of My , is , true , In Even Try , I am A . heaven With To O his how He all I , sword in , swearing no has , his whereto physic soul , thy . as be days may his that but thoughts advances . remain heaven lay . go . to , home you been Within Much And round heat him silence I'll be mother , him stood round with , round round . round round round offended offended tongue . the what's an much with a Hamlet so not forgot ? speak that down you not and , Come You , help ? not ! Draws dead rat A am , help How Dead Help What O Nay A bloody As , Thou Ay took for king . intruding some wringing find'st I Leave wring it me If 'twas 'twas 'twas 'twas lady 'twas danger so is busy thy , 'twas be 'twas be damned If let noise so 'twas Such the and an thou dar'st modesty 'twas tongue , so it stuff for , have , In I that made is That blurs Calls That What have the Yea as . doom doth plucks a , of takes Makes innocent , act of blush the love vows off such marriage , contraction face the against compound makes Heaven's , and what act index , mass this was front to like on A An Where Look here To your . mountain Ha love it this you Blasting give husband did station like Could wholesome world the brother , is ; is Sense . you it sense serve such in But apoplex'd this upon the this madness for have to the in waits call moor fair this on You And cannot on batten That Eyes without hath Nor without a let ardour reason And When melt To Thou frost O . actively fire shame , charge And compulsive in , the Over speak enter more making bed no like Nay As will but , In You Save me , Do That of heavenly hover me with would , What ! you laps'd in forget . This blunted strongest Hamlet . thy her it between , to not amazement Conceit whet but O is And with you And Your On Forth at heat an end . O thy you how not look Do you pale , do you , ourselves steals see ? blood . this that hear as even his ! you there in at the . he out habit how it the coinage of goes he This very cunning creation very This pulse Is is My And the have matter . Mother of to me re , flattering not gambol And will but and , trespass your rank corruption not Whilst Infects . unseen , Confess film mining to heaven , weeds the . ranker To itself Yea and of curb do Repent , thou cleft leave vice must hast , woo the for part the to mine heart . virtue pardon my to not bed , of these this on Forgive of fatness if all of That And the And who you the away the But virtue a it . a ; nature of next kind or livery easiness easy a a same , out a a a it pleas'd this be more , more lord a , tonight a throw or stamp devil Once to good bles'd , of are wondrous With And blessing Let the Not this call your death Thus , bloat good to worse , word bad One him your ravel essentially cheek , I bid I What by King tempt , out matter damn'd creep house's Who , queen fair , the neck fly of and secrecy do , sober wise ? on from , good paddock hide the of life me know had assur'd try birds basket , have , if life own in like your and , be words of I I Whom And marshal , they must Let to 't and it my , work enginer shall below go way . their most , sweet . 'tis , most counsellor grave secret mother an Indeed me crafts . into line at I But Is draw life night I'll Mother in , foolish night Good in , to toward understand son your a and Which Whips had been with so liberty this is , It how Should be be whose , old The rapier the Behind out his unseen to man To you kept young . understand owner the would bloody deed answer'd to , yourself will not like This O full us of shall of , short But a of But on keep Even To The will We pure O sun come mountains aid dragg'd Ho this the away and and ! majesty ! him the do we haste , mean wisest to slander , name . away haply world's miss of full is My hit the poison'd the o'er untimely them let And Come we'll call what , air level Whose Transports As whisper so blank dismay , body dead ? on ? GUILDENSTERN Hamlet come they whereto 'tis may kin , lord my , have ? What noise calls , to it And us you we the Believe Do counsel what your , Ay of — keep authorities sir not a King's , my sponge the corner , sponge you , dry it is but , foolish again his jaw ; ear sleeps speech . us the body in a go and — he the in and understand thing is not fox , but knavish A my is lord , King . sent dangerous Bring me is my Hide to after . Yet Who And where not not How But like is of lov'd He's This so must . pause Deliberate By never Or sudden , my But is from bestow'd ? lord . your pleasure know . Hamlet eats , but where are e'en At where at all politic Not king fat us eaten Polonius ? convocation diet A . he ? variable . worm is supper is your certain only emperor for of and worm that of a beggar Where If . as him some To . shall to within deed Go to i' place this him month th'other , we and and For , done for will He safety dearly grieve , hence , hast fiery For Good , if mother . come , it But thou knew'st for . and mother my loving . him . one ; speed aboard tonight with him and give everything hold'st looks love thy yet great leans Follow it else my not . I'll done you may thou mayst imports effect , set rages the must letters death cure my were , I joys my know , raw and at free red sense thee thy coldly , England . Danish king . march rendezvous eye , let express shall my I sir , whose , do't him on . softly Go Norway Who commands some to nephew Good , sir ? of hath it to Norway I it be sold or the farm it . peace and humbly I . wi' you but Be Sure If and chief us and capability us in oblivion Bestial , coward , but on precisely , such with beast of , feed sleep he To or to Why have cause live . do't or Witness To or Whose Led this army with at what delicate or mortal or or To But or that Exposing fortune or a Examples gross and mass , by I When a The Excitements let at Is for Even Go Whereon to My thoughts slain the or , O graves and trick for and the fight , beds speak , not needs have worth the hide I she and of unshaped sense . hearers Yet carry She Her She importunate is will will speaks i' That Spurns There's much enviously her world of , father ; says at their to use speech is it thoughts speaks move . amiss is , spilt jealousy in of itself seems toy So spills is now artless How should From I , Majesty ? Ophelia your another By his one ? And what , and gone , you lady — mountain the as Which all with the - With How say the owl not may baker's . daughter God showers did flowers lord true what , let's are we ! Larded you , words know what Conceit They was a we means say of no , you Saint your . maid end an . that I'll chamber and rose he Let without to't ! door his make on't . Ophelia Pretty and and men Gis You she Cock , Quoth sun . wed ha' they an more , Charity they , I promis'd to yonder , him must she hadst before if Saint ? But . ground counsel . cold good patient your night thank night it . hope of ladies O Follow from her for pray ; good you Come , O . come , poison is father's of th' my night this close give the . son sorrows ; death unwholesome in their thoughts inter and Polonius' Divided the we and pictures containing him . but mere beasts have her his , on brother Last In good Of When Feeds Her pestilent buzzers is and For ear to Alack my Will murdering O speeches to father's dear my , many my places , my my impetuous more a Save yourself my ocean the rabble my known to call lord . but , my begin lord haste , matter Let is Switzers my O'erbears , offices . forgot world the What the ! clouds Danish come let's Where this king We me . all thou leave Danes , will will door father . king , harlot the good Calmly father the between here Give me . brands proclaims Laertes Cries the my my . thank of cuckold , such Gertrude looks . doth Laertes , unsmirched mother chaste true , giant will divinity What That thy Of cause hedge Tell him , me Gertrude — incens'd little my art Acts thou Why my thus my Speak . my Where my my my To came my Conscience hell allegiance the come Let what shall with little the in friend and revenge foe writ certainty your . husband go means shall Of That If you you To And , his the kind you his enemies then them know life wide - None It as sensibly day . Within How heat O Burn , By Till heaven dry , turn heavens scale our It . loves it instance bier on nonny grave a , the where 'tis fine wits , of and a , hey , revenge thus him daughter for ! it - on , my dove tear nonny , his - didst ! many his well - the rosemary There's nothing's for A document , We This there in , is call it and a father . I would . you and you say give They died you made he my not . itself hell and favour , passion not will And to not She he death thy he No not His , will not He not Go flaxen was not as he is soul moan , was away his God this must you of deny , right me shall jointly give , we , or to labour ; your due patience with but if all will direct hear whom your they Make They our you , us in content crown find To you to Cry No trophy means , you you is with go the shall th'offence pray . What they Let greeted not be if what have come Let th'ambassador was I that when , shalt let . They sail , very to bound him please , as and't him too letter England ; know slow , King the days means to at and of them with thine in me to the for to thou light the thou , that for you I He him I will of as Let mercy . ear to give from must Now It must you And That Why and you by So and and may , mainly crimeful your As and Lives yet Which and and and and either myself Queen . me and feats against capital , almost me O But , conjunctive so looks ; strong perhaps are , it life not but which , sphere go gender the by her might to my wind father faults in not bear him , affection that so I their a , arrows more so But mount praises challenger worth That it . lov'd I , that And Letters now father You pastime your be shook hear , the Queen . imagine — them receiv'd not Claudio . them . He them news , your Hamlet ? them them naked kingly my I When . am the rest all , you abuse more pardon and a I am it it the and tell diest warms . But him . ' , by ? to a teeth heart him ' . 'alone lord in me me , o'errule be and If . his undertake it now to exploit No an shall now I my that ripe in peace voyage , no he checking his even , shall wind mother death be you might uncharge but , devise be could it organ the right falls riband very needful Of the my lord weeds ? regard , such the , too and that , unworthiest siege youth and sables careless Here Importing light settled can in't in I witchcraft And they Than , since , wears becomes less no youth for The livery his his , French seat topp'd tricks was't . and he demi unto brought and far on of doing As had That the short A he been So what A Come life same ? well your That And art And made of confession a in exercise you and for For he could had neither oppos'd swore Did If you this with him beg ? you of your painting dear my play envy , a ? of , this A not begun this your by of fire love in very and is did ? father heart like you spark snuff too we abatements there We should do his For That Time that within or that will pleurisy are quick it abate still we to what father's words ? son deed . murder back 'should' ; is would in , keep know praise you close . varnish the But . fine excellence home , good i' in indeed no bounds shall those on And No sword Requite unbated I do't my unction of your a a in it sword choose contriving remiss ease practice of you He bring , heads and foils shuffling free and for may , rare a save simples anoint so . point slightly , thing knife . death from be be if that scratch'd moon from can withal be think of this be means should that , be to you your , dry end and — be be hot violent escape ; venom'd be be upon sister's How , Your more motion him , sipping prepar'd , there sweet Queen another's , fingers did aslant where now . purples and brook O garlands her own distress her time in an an an Of But an That cold liberal There Clamb'ring the like . an is melodious lay drink an not , native it with her . an much Too an Till Which one that a her that Unto Let say is Drown'd muddy from heavy wretch then , poor drown'd ? Ophelia blaze tears my will . nature ; it water Alas shame a speech of follow to will follow rage . my . When . forbid be trick will , buried thee Christian in hath I be she can Why found her Christian herself so . drowned seeks wilfully when act , she three argal an ; is Here you herself , be , that I if Here himself drowns , go mark Argal . and the lies . it . himself water ; hear you , but it come not . good if , Ay the should Will Why this , even countenance on't ? spade up ancient more folk gentlemen Adam's should but have , law she , The . bore ever none that ? thou Could answerest — me If Go not without . dig arms the Why , had he How stronger the than to thyself he What is built do that . to ill do the than good stronger a shipwright a church gallows . faith The wit does is for well thou , dost gallows come , To't unyoke now can . To't tell will you about more beating brains . for me of till , thee next not . mend his a Yaughan a this no a grave did a in a the ; so a O In when meet a . little hand a making him fellow his there methought O , him him e'en him him him 'Tis it murder a tongue , be it had me into him such . land stealing hath age him with . it not dost How one , that did ass - morrow my when one's This one as , jawbone sing pate that which might horse courtier ! Or - lord a offices might my spade these cost . and we . had the spade play to , is guest pit a a , sheet be think the chapless fine Here's bones shrouding - clay to , an breeding of For dirty shovel might be rude meet skull be that cases knave tell a not , and may such , this this his does now Hum with a . statutes him to his his fellow of his pate full , a and very ones ? conveyances the fine double sheep - my , made , lord a Not ha fellow which seek Whose sheep Ay will lie breadth and this a assurance , more no jot ? skins . this and calf sir of Mine guest liest yours in't not mine . is , therefore 'tis it it and such dost For , not for be I do sir indeed for to . therefore say in't a pit , think lie in't O I For , to the it out lie a Who is none ; sir rest ? the toe of the peasant Horatio must his , soul she's , picked We woman was that One How undo absolute the age By knave , it all tell Ay , Hamlet you Cannot because , was it's marry was ? born year th' mad not he shall great Why him there the men they ? his strangely be seen 'Twill , here e'en , in Denmark nine Why he more so is A before in than he the scarce or year eight sir water dead . great , a his hide . Here's , it ? do not Yorick's , pour'd was . my , hath lips the table gambols that now abhorred in He . I poor knew , excellent and of jest at Where , and your Here gibes her and your tell , and let at set and ? laugh thing her one lord and . that and and my ? i' fashion , looked Dost smelt till too to he ; and to not , Alexander loam make of that it returneth 'Twere the To buried a why thus Imperious thus , thus ; Caesar thus stop , O thus thus soft thus Queen we Couch thus Fordo That , ceremony youth else ceremony obsequies As we And Her Laertes and ground warranties but that What have been death Mark very have great in should Till , Her here the She last flints done the more the service parted such souls rest . th'earth requiem and , churlish unpolluted done dead her from minist'ring angel her and tell I ? flowers What sing To - Scattering hop'd thought I And the fair been liest . thee sister ? sweet while , mine thy treble strew'd to have shouldst Fall Depriv'd I bride Till I Now Till o'ertop flat Pelion he whose Of old a whose ? them made dead in the blue skyish you caught your this Olympus the sorrow grief makes the wand'ring an I though have Which For I take Yet ! my no . wag be Until will will ? theme upon theme thousand , their O I up he Laertes my Could my To buried quick ? leaping , till our ground , and here come eisel fight I'll . me prate pate thou O , is ? 'Swounds For , me what him forbear I thou'lt ; an mouth , will to ? as well mere work female are silence sit When I'll rant This , And thus His the is as golden her Make that Anon as awhile sir what mew lov'd is will But , you Hercules But thee the pray patience in watch But , the matter present your son speech But . But have But But An This Gertrude Strengthen I But sir see the proceeding shall Now my was a lord me Remember in quiet of then this You much all pall do plots That my in not the be deep When indiscretion Our There's And Worse would Rough My Finger'd my sea I my my To Grop'd my fears own find my is ; in manners ; knavery my with royal packet where forgetting their Their Oh my on My many supervise the possible ? my axe my struck grinding no and several of , unseal bold Horatio to , I exact , reasons command , too Importing With bugs goblins of the bated leisure off , did Is't be should I beseech a Or could thus Being A to forget It How But I hear thou wilt . I They An England love As still their charge amities wrote ? now , death , to more know How that was - in purse . or time the the on Without should of heaven of in fight known the my had the : bearers shriving Not He sea - my was that : safely day defeat . and love baser the own make know'st Thou not near never changeling Subscrib'd it Was our already go . a king my And ? with Between 'Tis fell , my hopes and for angle his To him such king th'election is't , me whor'd stand proper come perfect to is't cozenage arm shortly be is will to the image than , forgot my his favours put I myself sorry The mine say did grief me court his comes ? here to see , of . of lordship thank is fertile the at king's ; let dirt ; lord vice , his He , but be possession the if Sweet stand and the 'tis receive your , mess gracious know waterfly Dost . of a as know a wind very . northerly is , indeed 'tis I . all thank is me I it indifferent sultry on wager lord No It in , good court faith lord , his beseech , Sir sultry bade very very my me . head Majesty is your , faith what , full yet to . gentleman — gentleman would is Indeed know in But of calendar in mine , an Sir . a card the , infusion the his more I of of true him else , to would speaks gentleman in breath make his trace be of as rareness take in , Is't Of nomination imports purse His Of is Laertes I know not sir him already are Laertes in faith if , Laertes are Laertes ? Laertes you Laertes , Laertes excellence did Laertes . Laertes , him on him , by laid ; with the a I not but not That's sir has their which King , The , are as imponed , very faith he assigns two as hath girdle dear to , delicate wager'd it , liberal What by you of take carriages , I hangers Barbary horses , against the . and very we till you to of the most done the the if then assigns bet you on between . must be sir the could carry three the , call it against laid hath , the imponed if . answer , if of He be to german it against sides our conceited Why , exceed sir liberal Barbary horses , it would lord I shall hits in a your would if hits so e'en and , trial . in brought . is the I . will . flourish you ; deliver . else no . turn tongues for's . with it commend He to comply the lapwing his did of bevy which carries and that do but blow through habit drossy encounter through to the know them out time I . and their the age young . He by on runs hold , they or now follow whensoever so If his longer to you or in will . you fall . entertainment Laertes to if in France I continual ill no matter a . is this play not think . a obey , are it say , it thou , into : my such and There's fit it special to Since if , a mind has dislike foolery your anything it but ; hither we be now Hamlet , Come Give I nature , and pardon't wrong . to readiness come to leave is't gentleman needs heard sore with you you That you , be . it Then Was't Roughly This presence pardon But How wrong'd himself , wrong ta'en Never was have Hamlet awake , here Hamlet does he's knows am punish'd and madness , I What your Laertes be , it himself And Let my not does ? most o'er . arrow , stir masters Till my His madness Sir Free That And this . To To have revenge I hurt satisfied my of honour peace that of known of . it — no love and and case like , freely it wrong embrace the wager not elder And your name my I receive I will ungor'd But till love , ignorance night mine in darkest th' star indeed sir Laertes . star , star ? You star skill No Stick like star off mock star the by foils fiery star . weaker have star , I have we the o' odds wager . hand star Give young the Osric side . well know . you ? length odds , fire he breath , successive ordnance throw , without exchange third better the speak heavens the Come , wary to eye trumpet to the judges you to trumpet kettle worn the cannoneer , on Come , my Come Hamlet , King Hamlet drinks the the Hamlet bear heavens to Hamlet , Hamlet ' lord , Hamlet . No Judgement Hamlet hit . Hamlet Hamlet , Well hit A again , first ; the Give bout Another this play a , I napkin , madam drink ; will poison'd cup I pray madam yet drink Good to , and carouses , my take ; me by it , My I do Come lord is It . Aside And Come Hamlet then , Have ; at neither you they are . Laertes scuffling , them ; Hamlet Look wounds , They springe treachery own mine there Queen to sides on come again the , own ? I be Let do Hamlet . good thee it Seek out lock'd . dear my O the bleed them the ! in treacherous thee here Hamlet Ho villany , In Hath can no to The No work . thy , Treason . blame Dane , I ! I rise again envenom'd to friends union but hurt ? justly is It my forgiveness come thee here , Hamlet , death , you , aright could sergeant adieu chance this to fell this — me To ; let but mutes — Horatio be Thou Here's th'art Let Never . than liquor a ; a awhile thy , in with warlike ambassadors volley This I die poison The Young I , I , hear do with rest have So Now cracks He . Fortinbras But cannot solicited The , prince rest . thy ? come sight O at struck bloodily thou so in princes many is England us late . hearing . dead fulfill'd too . death you ? mouth our is should and should Where Rosencrantz That tell affairs are senseless have Not we life for upon wars me things , slaughters casual , So unknowing to , order yet th' about , cunning and upshot forc'd All mistook can invite it noblest us Let call with rights claim of , I to my in to the audience , draw will presently , wild captains stage lest be are and Let likely a and for as . rites a soldiers the , Becomes Go field soldiers' prov'd was most up , the off like he For the Exeunt bid off that Foundation States license and used if you apply , rules no means so law Creating of . easy of of You copies do . ANYTHING especially and given away not do nearly with complying eBook reports modified be practically S copyright in law . works , Gutenberg Project of the the this protect electronic work other associated comply to of , you agree License . General Gutenberg U www Terms and have any Use of with this part using or indicate the agreement agreement this you entity the terms , Gutenberg you the is a the agreement work with do terms any Project for must license Gutenberg as with agreement . work refund from be or in your person E electronic a do may can electronic . works and complying below works if you terms full a the are There you bound associated by in Gutenberg agreement . States displaying references removed , States Gutenberg mission keeping sharing this work works from is are Project freely by based copying as law United individual collection the do copyright on Gutenberg others you place the . you are in outside , terms most . License easily the as govern are Project of promoting Gutenberg this : Project to work appear are the no performing work in work or Gutenberg must Gutenberg License links United . other which any work or restrictions online not the is eBook . work If , included . you are the providing without , notice E the . from texts country where States it Gutenberg you individual License in a If . derived contain United the Gutenberg redistributing associated the either with access in individual paragraphs paragraphs of the use of permission both imposed the . holder License holder Gutenberg of Gutenberg electronic E without Project . the with in any this , form work paragraph . you provide , this official a proprietary , used in including access fee binary format or , website cost format this , displaying or providing of . owed from method is derive fee The the to you the copies taxes Gutenberg applicable the that Gutenberg works this payments you tax periodic date under Project Foundation as at Archive any of about your Archive - the e terms within by . prepare Information clearly mail such works user return receipt user s destroy Project of Project to . returns sent a days the a a access replacement work other all work for money electronic of of or a reported of Project receipt terms . F copies and the to you distribution with comply provide You E Gutenberg . in , paid to or work Gutenberg identify . by electronic Gutenberg protected F are set . other or intellectual medium corrupt property be read virus infringement , data collection cannot WARRANTY , Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg fees . AGREE HAVE owner , FOR REMEDIES OR days money if you any received medium the you , you entity or within received written defect . F . with written work with the F . second to copy . disclaimer the or interpreted to the state be shall by . agree of this agreement provisions indemnify employee Gutenberg volunteers , the , any or of of this c and alteration Mission cause Gutenberg : or , liability work distribution expenses . donations to volunteers new variety and widest distribution Gutenberg any of Project with to Gutenberg future In reaching provide Project Foundation learn future efforts page Project tax exempt federal laws or EIN organized Foundation Gutenberg the status of the org , provide Project is to a Literary under is Watchung gutenberg to is Archive about is . and date NJ is depends is array public is is Project Section is increasing the effort and charitable are , status with to complying donations committed requirements are and confirmation gutenberg solicit donations offers of to alone in number other works be donate of donation small from staff received our current . To donations . the was payments . support only loose a forty years printed the org . Gutenberg Project particular . website website , our . our www copyright information about has PG , Literary and how . eBooks to our new about new