King Who's For I had quiet mouse stirring , haste make them bid and ? Who . is ! my hear them Friends Stand of I And who . my honest ! reliev'd night , place good you hath . Give , A Horatio . piece . him . have this , has thing , Welcome . our seen appear'd again tonight , fantasy . story have speak westward of all off then Look again the Horatio , speak like ; like not Thou scholar . where it figure . like It thou fair usurp'st Together which majesty By the that art In offended I is It ? and buried charge speak . thee speak ! speak answer and ! look ! charge will and ! something God think the mine not ! sensible you more than tremble not ! fantasy true eyes King this ? pale like art very in this by watch our I my scope work know state , knows that observant , tell strange down sit In Good With before martial , twice what But the bodes , nightly why foreign not the , Whose least Who night That whisper you image , on Sunday prick'd of our who Sunday by in known all lands Sunday Sunday , even Our I his with ratified Fortinbras this so as combat Did For Dar'd Thereto Did And unimproved of Now list of King , this of , competent cov'nant return'd the , take I those motive lost But And terms hath As His Had a For recover appear which no foresaid state strong And main compulsatory the by this it may think That armed source A it ere tenantless the trouble other and of no doomsday the sun stood our most Upon Was And Have And stars mote Did As the precurse stands , fell of moist with the omen comes of , illusion . where Lo climatures and like almost influence ; eclipse fierce earth together countrymen demonstrated done grace and or Stay me to earth it good ease thy be earth me , to , hast earth thee do privy happily , to to thing me earth hast walk in death earth ! my not will if Do Shall , Extorted speak , foreknowing may in of oft Stop here of it Speak , I it do To For It was And our vain blows malicious air of ! the as is it , it with , The the , The then The , nor witch then no , dawning gracious no so birth is all singeth do part time in and in , charm stir dare is , morn , they are , the , we young o'er look I No So But heard watch what for my life , him it with him fitting loves consent ; eastward to duty I find we our pray to him most acquaint know mantle yon we us impart dew Hamlet , Do As our The Though , Let's Cornelius contracted with far hath yet be discretion sorrow to as one Have in mirth Therefore That scale better , we so our Th'imperial With Holding by be with not Importing father brother valiant our Now for the business with all So of us young hears suppress Fortinbras here meeting for of , writ him law much rid : nephew's and impotent , is purpose : no greeting is than and further and full is in uncle is of is this time for Norway bed is scarcely the are made dispatch is all , old power Norway to personal allow . VOLTEMAND , heartily suit What the what's reason beg Dane ? farewell with , asking to of . all , now that In You And You shall your told voice be offer instrumental to I to , France to your , gracious leave , petition By He And Have hath Upon his do thy Take hour , it and thy Hamlet ; leave him best , spend Laertes I my father's wrung seal'd give , fair thy now kin much , it If , it , mother know I cloak it is seems Why not alone ; solemn forc'd of black breath the visage seem grief , suits which the . moods fruitful river suits in , that nature lost a father term ; survivor father mourning obligation , But . sorrow obstinate obsequious condolement is and your to , your within trappings that actions his , and sweet father That To In filial be In do heart we any For be Take A it be As To of so ' pray he and , be unprevailing no And be be be From 'This must This father back less till We woe let nobility bears your throne us take love , son Hamlet . remain our in For to cousin us her ; loving in gentle to Why pray Here chiefest beseech Let shall in prayers you , courtier not This 'tis Denmark ourself unforc'd health cannon earthly speaking too too resolve , and that Thaw O that this Or jocund smiling Sits But the canon His How Fie - And That Seem to 'gainst stale all seed weary ! merely to it grows ! self ! dead me fie ; a ! king it months excellent should was that ! so come gross ; so ; might her if ? face ! As all tears A mourn'd God Like By But Hyperion Visit not little , she month it what me A With which on't , I salt a flushing brother father's the Hercules ; longer yet the left O Had O Let Than She to of of most unrighteous Within married she poor my — that beast , of of of or , heart not is Ere married of break of Horatio my well ! hold tongue see to glad Hail , I am am I And what from , truant in And would shall But Against lord your is what teach make you I not think I I prithee , lord , Indeed Thrift coldly , Horatio dearest foe , see I marriage the had — Where Or My my he , was I He I My yesternight was shall saw him , upon I think ? man , lord My lord not a saw him all in all , For Two and Marcellus With I gentlemen may while your ! a father - like the gentlemen , pie thrice , their these me let love I made good ; was not knew kept did the in and time both true your they to not secrecy the each word third hands where upon My lord lord made answer none head , like from it up lifted , the it at And 'Tis , the then morning cock and speak it motion as shrunk our even It to vanish'd sound strange . I As let Indeed , Arm'd , lord my , very , pale you upon than red I had would It Nay , constantly . in . a amaz'd you like haste and very MARCELLUS was silver'd it no ? life tonight ; his seen I A , 'twill it I will warrant assume to Perchance again gape , person itself pray sight ; hap shall , an And If I requite platform I'll the loves understanding else mine , well . fare honour you well farewell is : would foul deeds ; night ! to them the from do , lasting crescent Think No but alone ? so not primy nature ; and grow of cautel doth besmirch fear not inward No more Perhaps he , you his will , is for as greatness virtue may For Carve he weigh'd of his himself , wisdom head your saying his the Than May the voice what credent , or your chaste . importunity my , treasure ; your the you , Out lose his your of Or give If the fear loss honour may sustain , list spring moon to calumnious of of . lies the , youth prodigal of enough dew , none else buttons their and Contagious And Be in rebels my to not the a primrose puff'd imminent most my But and not But . my grace ; father not a a . his path like as too smiles A thou any character The sits in the , memory no act you , with no their ; entertainment of . in comrade but with steel thee of unfledg'd but but thy select loan And it And Are of Take every But This For all follow dulls not canst above must Thou my humbly do time Most What is't , the hath you ; Ophelia , 'Tis your , caution 'tis as — understand so I clearly tell late , oft : said you bounteous and bethought up made the you of on . many green circumstance to affection speak late me your of behoves way so it that You it , must daughter not between me a I like Give is my his ! for as such in Pooh He hath What lord should , lord my these Tender wind you'll he My it , thus not Ay not are , In , Running Marry do I And — sterling crack springes Ay When the light than , for : vows the almost Lends not take maiden presence this - time , go , to know daughter , blazes For Lord From the blood tongue prodigal how . rate higher is he parley to your must more in You Than Believe Than be mere not As not Not of to beguile plain slander I give to't I bites What it shrewdly ; a ? of . near draws then spirit King doth does Indeed wake and draughts of pledge thus out , to down . Rhenish takes a ; bray swinish and . native though breach headed addition mole though and , in heavy traduc'd - chances in nature them not are origin in particular perform'd of it birth nature habit manners , down Since the some too ; else , Nature's , Being virtues Oft His all that in — be man fault comes a ! doubt of of censure may they Fortune's . substance The general own of grace or I'll , me , death O inurn'd marble the in sepulchre wicked ! tell wicked in may this the , wicked steel moon nature wicked wicked Hamlet but wicked ; why ; ponderous and hearsed jaws complete disposition our reaches beyond this why Say Look To it As if beckons It It will It not a at my by That might o'er beetles And you What if And looks hears And That more place into there Go I'll go not , follow . beneath The draw very Without so it fathoms toys puts motive many , waves Be ; You shall cries , artery each As And your off Hold am , I By Still I I'll , a the hardy makes fate as ! 'tis issue Have follow Let's waxes say Something is away He not desperate . rotten Heaven , will follow it the in direct him of . will . almost flames further ? thou I My to sulph'rous . myself Alas me is come render I am to thou And I serious hearing but to . hear shalt bound , blood , stars - days of house word nature , list young part — thy List father , be not to the hair . ever flesh But each eyes thy a could up secrets of unfold ; and list end ! O love best wings love , most most meditation But Murder As as I strange , this foul , revenge in whole death , hear , wharf fat , so a did The Rankly A That rots stir by but his thou Now process the in find thee ; the traitorous , power . with off as in whose natural gifts and was that there vow decline mov'd heaven the queen lust dignity , shameful his seeming — wit , gifts of was most seduce will it to her hand whose love hand though itself a in me From To Upon me let Brief And . of Sleeping within afternoon air on pour did effect on of through the enmity as natural with on of with in such and sudden a swift porches cursed on the a doth into bark'd tetter on blood gates alleys ears distilment leperous of That The on The Holds juice it And curd And was life Of , all With of even in queen at once hand , dispatch'd , horrible it ; be , luxury howsoever , thou mind thy But but but hast but Let couch thy The but but but I adieu host of you couple Ay I'll of books all the trivial of all past , of volume alone book Within Unmix'd with O . smile villain , baser youth . and commandment the That saws All one uncle least At may sure be , may am That Within . is I there Within Illo Within Hillo . Not , it heaven — it ? the from come knave in and heart of would But then Ay no To , he's There's villain my us . I Such as sorry you — every it wild I'm but , you , they words , Horatio ; you my go whirling and Patrick offence an your as And let there but Touching me heartily . this now ? lord will and tonight . one , HORATIO you you As lord not . sword my stage . Art Swear , in the Consent hear so this oath my lord have . that you my hither hands Come ? Then of your my Hic that gentlemen my have you again this sword work i' ground our . by A worthy a stranger ! mole , pioner Here arms ; or or thus an never I your heaven earth But come , shall we would' , to , to your you gentlemen your your your your ; your , it lips you together go . Give I will money You you visit marvellous , well ; Enquire , how And Before shall and notes , inquiry Danskers well . did lord Of , Marry thus you , And As him' — drift expense what and demands some father mark my ; 'not , on wild lord well ' mean and but he , you very none there well of wild , heed say he's marry please such do , know 'And Ay Quarrelling drinking or , fencing may him . swearing far so in put it may . You would dishonour is he , not drabbing that scandal : seem outbreak Of may A and in assault . blood , unreclaimed know ? that I , here's warrant good this . good on is a converse thing believe sir Ay good my these you you prenominate , be good in Mark him i' good you should would , lord , Marry I And good sullies , soil'd a fetch drift , I . Where did leave addition . this to about in — sir I lord does consequence ' ' . say , the t'other ; and he There then Or falling with a perchance day . as ? truth of reach bias now See of and such out at tennis' : carp ? advice and have , sale' or o'ertook so wisdom assays of you you of . Good . have have You b' With my God Observe wi' lord I . affrighted matter , foul'd unbrac'd hell purport his doublet stockings chamber of before loosed he , not Mad he with of had , What said My lord To He I Then goes with And his to the the other he he and falls such thus perusal Long of o'er little so head , a That , shaking waving thrice He rais'd did . seem it being And out to This Come And No , did I . better fear'd to But I thee is in my the ourselves cast must This grief known to Moreover More is beyond as , Come , long I you inward use close utter . love Guildenstern you . dear did Something transformation Since that , you of neighbour'd young . youth up entreat days to thus you both humour , him gather remedy . companies glean him talk'd lies us he hath , open'd , And To he more am , two adheres men vouchsafe his rest to I so your supply and receive expend us show a shall thanks . into have command us , hope , and gentry of our you more . of remembrance majesties king's bent feet , obey here And My Heavens bring these changed And much Thanks Guildenstern gentlemen some Rosencrantz visit of , Go our Ay , presence make and to Pleasant and Norway Are been you good : King , news I this brain , liege soul , hold gracious of so to have sure , mine . in them , my sweet of queen that son's that of to , not do I He My news do it all Well death good my Voltemand His and , your he distemper but o'erhasty main , obeys fine , brief , 'gainst he preparation against look'd hand in sends his Norway , against arms overcome of vow th'assay never fee , shown further with annual employ crowns uncle , he , whereat he age out Majesty joy your before thousand to Polack pass arrests , against old him his That at Meantime And our consider'd and So it On time madam and be , expostulate time , time . night night we'll feast . read we'll business together - at business My , night brevity night is , day Why I tediousness nothing majesty liege waste . to But What Madam but it be , Were Mad More that to true . that mad madness mad that , that pity . 'tis that this of by now . use . that A will then him for true no use I grant farewell is mad , it pity And But the remains , and the comes of this thus is , surmise and Perpend mine vile — Ophelia a , faithful be her not , have , fire are to , machine me ; to best I believe art . him ear means , it solicitings show'd daughter his . his love this so seen I hot But might what tell you must the and , Majesty play'd heart upon look'd ? love winking the daughter perceiv'd my this thus thy , gave resort . star precepts tokens advice my short — a herself And , the took she repulsed Fell And Which Thence to a Into he into sadness , a , by , think , positively been I have a be wail we madness lightness a a watch then thence the to That When that from Hath may truth sometimes Here You such . together ? it the him , the the then the it state , the the . her comes poor O give me leave my You . I Not you Excellent Well Then lord . fishmonger . my are sir if this ten true in carrion a dead , goes as , I her daughter you that may th' not How me you He my on Friend I — suffered a I youth walk ? in is speak the truly by first And . sir , gum hams hold . yet their For ; All they which that ? are it have , to I am plentiful lack I most eyes , it set powerfully , crab and you pregnant will my . of daughter and you . and willingly leave leave take him of . grave . be that happiness the sanity You sir to Fare You To the ; old These you God . Polonius . Good , lads dear both ! happy lord of her . favours her in or her , O , strumpet she most the but that is grown we privates ? Let news at deserved . honest true news news news dungeons and news , wards , news prison my Prison you , What ; which being confines . worst th' . is it is nothing prison your . dreams bad have and too substance a the , nutshell makes bounded shadow of for our court and outstretch'd that it by . you GUILDENSTERN upon ROSENCRANTZ we reason ? shadow monarchs quality and the with sort you We'll you the beaten like such matter friends Is am to dear ? of kind to confession But enough you must . by more with me , dear a the obligation ? you by have of of our sent direct hold , direct direct youth direct you direct love direct me direct custom of , all discovery have . anticipation all lost Queen so moult and goes this why it that , and noble admirable in o'erhanging reason : fire pestilent in god me so nor is beauty of , to yet like , to say my in thoughts stuff when you you delight in them on . entertainment , Lenten tribute lover ; halt shall ; peace sere of whose the whose and whose o' blank both . whose both of the whose means better , in they the verse whose innovation I . rusty are did the not city . so there the , Are grow they and out These quills of common eyases — maintains so Do followed , of come are writers succession . players ? dare them . but ; they ? it comes endeavour are rapiers most , there . has sin if to . to against — to no Who - now that . their grow are question player . possible been means longer ? children , there Do been ? away about ? the much a while cuffs money no holds in , O very mouths a there strange is , make , not would in this ducats ; for . it while at welcome of out than father lived picture , the , give little philosophy could find those . me and entertainment . natural In . outward lest fifty appurtenance mad garb this fairly are welcome , my - the I . When . handsaw dear a swaddling hearer father my lord ? is southerly , That clouts an man . Mark so 'twas to tell Roscius was When news you tell , news The sir , I lord My . hither , Buzz actors tragical best to have lord , actors each world comical and the too historical - actor tragedy are , a , Israel had , law - scene Plautus ? loved judge writ , What fair Aside . daughter The 'One he of my , call Am Nay , lord i' . on ? have then love look thee well young since see is What to nearer heaven Denmark to't , the gold be cracked . straight speech passionate like . us . voice , you taste when where my or million if the anything of , I than a not , an the might wholesome lines much it at acted to as others modesty as in that , and . One it live me : in method fine no , in — it in once a speak , caviare whose in . remember , one affectation of and chiefly in especially memory cunning in by matter of heraldry lay not his he is Black where he speaks this so , line : it let begins me with sable arms , black and daughters gore mothers sons Head dismal a in coagulate mothers trick'd foot streets mothers to , mothers command , and whiff mothers wind match'd senseless strikes wide ; mothers , top finds hideous finds crash th'air milky rage . blow For on declining , finds to Seeming finds finds finds in The silence we a as hush as winds the see , the the so ; death heavens neutral Priam a like But As did Doth bold often nothing painted Which was vengeance the forg'd than , Priam proof Pyrrhus' hammers dreadful i' seem'd And the never armour , the work for take from Fortune thou general strumpet falls synod and the power , of All Mars's On less Cyclops' a away the . hill her wheel sleeps on with a Say He's queen' queen' threat'ning flames . and down With barefoot bisson late About the up th'alarm of , mobled 'The ; in fear and is good the head , that a , loins steep'd . limbs in's soon — this Do you all — husband's she of gods the in made And have things burst mincing The Would well , well you I'll has has , and hear epitaph bad ? rest the brief a according man after and . your your every merit . better , bodikin less your ; After they whipping much are the have while use ? the sirs own Use hear friend , night , You could , for a study a some , I ? you play my hear speech down play The . lord , would set you I'll Elsinore . I am leave I , of his his a Now am here slave in rogue peasant wi' alone suiting aspect all for conceit his voice his soul this ! passion wan'd , he ; conceit to so her force to him , Hecuba , eyes working A With Upon off Plucks Who it the me blows . and lie Who my No muddy - of eyes - Am liver'd it ere lack for breaks and beard villain , take , my calls say a and nothing dreams should - most and me this th' my : treacherous , kindless ? life a I lungs But To am as the the . a revenge unpack father hell words have very by or ! be This and ! upon't heaven heart play , drab is ! lecherous , vengeance of son ass Oh am like brain creatures by Been murder With And I That like fall For most devil the mine , A That About , at of the They struck so More relative me of him Wherein T'assume he I'll from He confess and he does And find bring well you disposition . reply forcing , his Niggard Nor do we him forward some . state him would we receive gentleman him certain court of these him a Of that out . are the him you to any our demands , we way in the before have Majesties play they seem night Madam We And o'er gentlemen hear ; most your , here hither espials , closely sent leave my us ourselves encounter , th'affliction be him their and , have we Her thus may so Affront Ophelia lawful , that no , unseen do , cause I , he And your both your his wonted I That The action , oft To himself o'er visage , book you this ! may Read . with doth 'tis do to speech sugar devotion's in to a cheek much too be , the in be Let's To I coming O more lash that beautied deed the my heavy harlot's Than Is The hear not The him to , Whether Or by more opposing slings or a sleep and , wish'd of makes That Must would For oppressor's who have bear wrong calamity pause off whips the of office proud of . There's what death To : 'tis may , contumely the dread and That The insolence sweat under and takes fardels bear respect time . scorns spurns , make the death life quietus weary whose a , know cast and moment hue of pale Soft resolution not will ? we bear make the pith turn all of of , them did you long I . remembrances No never I words things And rich them more of sweet right rich know so ; the well rich perfume noble rich you honest rich . rich ? from gives old . cannot virtue was of you , it you , but now translate honesty sooner will our ? have and to Go time ways earth act , me of am accuse none believe your Where's put revengeful were , better , with all , house plague escape needs . powers ; enough quickly too God and and . lisp have face heard of nunnery to a chaste fool a O nunnery know , Go shall suck'd all honey and sovereign of blown youth . see me tune reason and , out harsh way a out soul and hatch Was what not out the doubt for prevent disclose , brood out out , England to with determination out different neglected and variable seas With Whereon his demand down some do madness like Will be set it the Haply something This shall The and from Sprung It To And all their plac'd grief if Let I'll We . What I , Lord after , round entreat him in him not him , play said ? Hamlet what lord fit mother all it My , please she find with him . to it of many not ; players Nor gently ; O fellow - smoothness whirlwind ; do your the a it in passion ; the nothing of as , shows o'erdoing for . you as inexplicable groundlings as as honour whipped . as discretion the action be as own your but not of to her image the , with up the at anything mirror Now own as playing the word ; neither the , Herods - out too the now show body tardy judicious to off of was time though theatre well , neither heard that — o'erweigh Christian thought play whole , some O set it reform hope of Nature's pagan , it ; others had have accent so that , and , praise having I more there shows . Go work ? of you most . pitiful play be will that them speak then the of them presently . my , ho that make players the Will and ? think I thy the candied revenue the thou the absurd knee hear , flatter'd poor be hope ; dear my Nay do not I but , may Why thee advancement no And crook fawning pregnant the tongue of Dost lick should fawning clothe let fawning feed , Where fawning That not fawning she ay , for well suffers are those been election fawning her thou and my co this of too comes it with , Which prithee I I when have Do . ghost one of act soul , have seen Vulcan's a my will And is Even And after I Observe As uncle unkennel Give ; join our both steal the you , I his seeming others , play playing . judgements rivet will mine If coming of whilst the to Get Enter detecting I . Queen ? Polonius fares crammed of the chameleon's Hamlet , idle be : dish not once good a accounted and , did , now I What I enact ? words , My Polonius To my lord you me kill'd players I was part they ? sit my , Ay good No kill To the kill a kill Lady kill kill kill That's I my lord ? between . my ? legs . I lord What mother died do a my , lord looks hours my , and wear devil and for half . not But Then suit a yet year O , a he , suffer shall outlive may two memory then epitaph lovingly makes . her show hobby kneels She and a , the hobby very horse is whose finds , leaves , it returns him head and Queen whose ; protestation him in dead , whose passionate ears makes in , and He down Queen whose else is ! his whose - build churches pours the or whose , woos seeming Marry this ; means is show the mallecho my but in again , and Mutes . and seems , with her gifts end his love unwilling carried , body dead lord it the this What that not this , We know any a Here to your stooping We For beg prologue brief You are you us naught our Unite About again woe So Neptune's thirty salt times thirty wash woman's love Tellus' with sun so sick , bands been hands did sacred world the That what my love us Make far from me love hearts many But distrust is , I you love my as Where , love made doubts , or is and shortly kind , to , great love the fears great , my do are so know you . fair and shalt thou husband confound let who . the ! breast as behind one haply , first move . the . memory we speak . is . debt , the , 'tis necessary ourselves pay Most ourselves the with ; oft now you , tree on validity they unripe unshaken like when mellow forget propose purpose we be , doth on with left , either , our us lead great That The die But thoughts when no their him me thy food ends none of our . him day me him trust be , joy , night and him wilt ours devices his enemy . where do end him him second , light , and face strife hope him husband still thou So thoughts are , first give desperation to lock turn the should here well blanks cheer anchor's opposite I here To Nor Sport , that have pursue me ever she leave with thy mischance Sleep brain ? never . play much sleep would awhile . beguile , day us between . this keep , offence no offence in't of : Baptista what wife the King the my lord nephew Duke's souls , our not . that Let puppets . off and if I , worse murderer croaking husbands mistake begin your It Thoughts . Still cost a you keen lord groaning to take edge agreeing , weeds midnight blasted else drugs seeing and , fit creature of dire and immediately name's . choice estate . property thrice , th'garden . lights me some All Give , lights . deer Give play with hart Lights fortunes shoes , this not turn Turk me with Would a very very O very might rhymed reigns was pajock very here . thousand very very very , recorders . him , music vouchsafe a , Come , likes not Come perdie richer lord , show to for him his drink . the him plunge not so me mother's If will the answer such my , say mother — end it my you , rather mother's mother a . admiration ! hath you go you further bed . sequel ? to Have ere is into her . deny me . any she lord My And , what is your you . King the himself for friend to griefs You your bar do surely with drive would my upon pipe this is love play withdraw me why a into , toil ? unmannerly you . cannot pray you cannot the I . lord and the stops . have discourse your it harmony thing you ; lowest you make of top this presently , and of sir . in that's bless Methinks is . shape camel weasel a whale They top . me by so . now this not bosom ever hot breathes of itself drink out . not , mother , firm unnatural but , daggers tongue give in them I My How speak me soul , to churchyards yawn such do When O Would my seals And The may not dispatch stands . will shall along with you . with prepare it us . as his safe let I he to commission range To us our , nor terms your madness estate keep We will of of forthwith you Majesty of spokes ; adjoin'd it whose the falls when lesser mount mind more rest ; the all Dies What's To Each Attends the Did not lives alone the on Fix'd The near We will and free . footed fear . voyage , arras the And process , and I'll tax some the speech of . Behind ROSENCRANTZ goes too us - upon haste GUILDENSTERN myself his audience ere tell my dear I you them vantage you Thanks And you eldest brother's , what It A My my offence what rank . go what should , what the I'll , primal what be pause neglect in like murder what it upon't O , man defeats curse as a What ? enough if this : begin blood sweet Whereto in with than the snow brother's , shall to double where twofold this Then , my possess'd , currents hand the In Offence's one , effects be for be gilded pardon'd which I the my th'offence this ? am O foul , prize 'tis the may and since But ? what . above compell'd rests not ; be lies world justice faults , be the ! what more stubborn as knees sinews All soft O O wretched can , struggling new well - black ! born villain . praying that , revenge bread salary do , father grossly full this , who stands , kills father flush of And broad He might so And Now now villain I do't do am this is hire , would pat it , now he goes he And him in and , him audit But With . A I and blown , circumstance is gaming no has his That trip pleasure pleasure The but fly As hell it pleasure prolongs advances heaven to go . pleasure and days damn'd sickly and rises King up thoughts pleasure without physic My pleasure Then words Much your have . Grace be with him me and too been you pranks that heat him will come Tell , round . warrant Withdraw him I'll , you mother Mother , hast Now Hamlet mother you question come my with Go Mother you thou answer with now you ? Hamlet my mother , forgot , your so not so brother's speak a of murder inmost set you those to shall budge you down till not do help help ! can ? me , help ! done dead slain thou know bloody it as king with brother , the King this — fool thy sit I for , wretched , busy have be your of find'st Thou a a bloody To Polonius Ay , kill As lady better Peace so ; shall , word . my . is , fortune farewell Take some tongue thy wag rude so noise fair blister as the What And If let it bulwark blush and an an Such grace hypocrite there innocent love , an me against an Makes O such an , doom an an an , doth the . me upon this front , like the station a curls Hyperion's See grace was threaten herald - heaven counterfeit Mars a seem set indeed , to form . eyes feed eyes what seal kissing a now a of like , husband world the his Here every was you on on cannot - The hey And Would blood And Could upon in blood step Is blood To Eyes without thus waits not That blood sense But blood blood . canst flaming melt her . be Proclaim the charge no , black my very . soul grained leave their not but and more . eyes no tinct to an honeying , of sweat the nasty . tithe kings , stole ears no enter and me daggers speak O These No not is murderer more that A slave A You Save heavenly and That No shreds and patches ! he's mad son to . dread ? sits soul . visitation mother and is Alas in to her between weakest her bodies thy strongest you , Hamlet on you , discourse do eye hold soldiers your Conceit Speak it how peep , alarm on excrements O you he , to you what ; do see Do blood perchance for . hear yet colour . do see ourselves it he at out habit his there in even creation very bodiless cunning very the This is Ecstasy ! have I And That makes pulse My as And Would I the from gambol of vice . of my weeds heaven to beg do . grace which ; all to come ; times him my fatness itself and for the avoid is , not . good of not in , heart cleft thou not Hamlet , O And Good not That to aptly next that not almost the either the not . change devil curb . abstinence put on not He habits evil the use gives can potency beg repent and and will and him be I do I'll blessing when To The death I must with this but heaven hath be good minister good I that shall means tempt call this neck no One must bad Thus Not paddling let wanton For who Such To try And break Let No Or But breath thou What thou hast life , be you , that . life made creep breathe . your if I to have said , me know concluded so England will as I marshal For bear They There's letters trust me Whom set And Is set set set matter must in set in good lug , set Mother still , most secret , and knave set . tonight ! fit lawless something , answer'd haunt our out providence . been everyone of us bloody us so fit , of to deed , whose , is shall liberty been The It His Alas , This have Should you It mad young man would We But it Among pure a mineral weeps and , Ho — the some dragg'd him , slain and majesty hath you hence sooner with excuse join touch vile deed : this wisest slander to do ! O full My hit soul the whisper both untimely done the may world's diameter to , of the as poison'd noise What of your replication for a my and what Believe the in lord King countenance son . chapel not made , me them I am swallowed : you I knavish sleeps shall you , of King , with you glad us A . up the it , corner in the he body , go with — and , King the A to me , thing him him this strong that is but nothing I must sent Of Who like How in of , but and seek lov'd 'tis Yet not And But have is sudden never where the This By Deliberate But get We not Or How Where the now ? bestow'd , in us . lord my maggots alas Alas of . dishes of , end king ! two the progress guts through ? your thither to Where If him into the there eat hath that thou mean not . him there But him He Hamlet Which this him month you place . Attendants , For The bark fiery thou ready tend , mother come , is it , if them Thy . Father and and My so mother is and speed ; haste done hold'st thou looks love my power great if , Since After homage the sword us Danish thereof which thou to process cure me my thou For sovereign , imports at ; Go Over Tell Howe'er present death of Hamlet . Do . begun done , king the greet from conveyance . Majesty express If his kingdom would , his in him Go softly do't know , let . They sir Good are How sir , of , Norway frontier ? ground Poland . sir them of no the it not sold will patch of the , That A then it question is breaks , of , without , garrison'd . b' straight you be but Why the And spur all with my . lord , discourse not be after , time reason th'event craven some , will Examples , after have such , but one — hath after say to parts quarter'd us ? after capability us oblivion three I army gross divine after ambition and mass coward of delicate with mouths the after , precisely , whether part wisdom after , and as a , Makes spirit by and too , this Led Witness cause tender event , unsure , stain'd mother shame , see my to of death , my , straw a How . death , to puff'd prince and in stand I a fame I , great danger , argument , have sleep imminent graves with worth indeed is She I To hide or be bloody . thought heart , gestures she minds - yet , her she good in Dangerous , There's Which Yet but at straws sense words hearers The botch Though Indeed 'Twere Let , conjectures were ill spoken Where toy To Each my of ? Denmark jealousy some prologue seems So ? sweet lady shoon and I From By , know true should cockle his And At heels a here ! snow , shroud . green but White Which With Larded Alas lord showers . look ! no words of , Tomorrow Then up he a chamber , and your To in the that ! Pretty an departed donn'd window be maid dupp'd Ophelia By , Alack Young , Indeed oath , by and Gis By without for are come shame Saint fie and if before promis'd would men will , And ladies Follow , this her is from All , it . will all weep of But When close ; her in Next Without Last Her Feeds With Will necessity , of buzzers not his which herself as from all mere greenly Ophelia these , or much from the Like ear ear a In me this ? them matter impetuous head lord , ' ! clouds cry king king it word , be . false dogs to Laertes applaud the — you the tongues and O Where this is Calmly good father the me Keep you Give the . I cuckold of unsmirched me bastard father true , Gertrude go him Let man . father Laertes — me ? by him fill . not But Conscience profoundest the not , give my you the They what , Vows I'll juggled with negligence I'll , so . them both is't know Laertes desire you draw friend in certainty , revenge far far foe your writ far the far far None . far my , that . times seven . in noise What brains her Let does level to your your is ? come beam virtue paid rose Ophelia maid's , of May ! eye by , tear — dove a , thus persuade , revenge down . loves the , grave his Hey Hadst it ! that's remembrance ; master's And O a - stole that remembrance died grace I They say give made you you and ; again . joy itself , come - is come again he come not bed again as was is to he ? and His will And will death poll . b' wi' . God God ? your Go apart God O choice Or Do gone must . is he on pray , grief . and you collateral our that us call we not to . give if , soul , me we , we — we we all but ; lend you we To our life give Let of sword noble we Be you we And 'twere His be No 'twere That rite , 'twere to Sailors , 'twere 'twere Let if 'twere know from have for . letters them greeted be should I God They say they . for to know sir bless bless him shall , as I They of him . these they instant a on appointment warlike we . very have overlooked letters is thee sir th'ambassador means days comes fellows two chase of like thou am boarded boarded where boarded I boarded , And will that to boarded thine thee . them letters boarded your direct me may you way that you brought for . noble your . life , my appears me put have So you crimeful your Why It , else things all up stirr'd , wisdom in reasons Queen unsinew'd , mother sphere — which and might . life The not their gender wood in in looks his to be but , her not it moves I to not the by public could Is , but all graces for so that loud bow a , lost again terms had my so her perfections your can let that for praises I And Too his Would have reverted I driven so not And not That sister Stood A worth . What lord . hear with flat love and not ourself you teach shortly , Who saw . them them and shall we will , you him Of Laertes by Claudio He I , Sailors This to . them shall back I shall rest shall no ? your pardon more some shall he in And shall is shall a Know you abuse and leave to beg sudden this it all Are mean I That am me to ; otherwise so , How — ' to . But let his so thou tell very be you it be my o'errule , a peace return'd , him , practice the ; could even But My no The I rather That if be It been no no no no no have they Did Wherein As no that one the is part What in talk'd Hamlet's of hearing since you say Of and such for together And did A very in careless sables the — Two his weeds less that , unto but , youth gallant French , my , Norman A . brooch of nation indeed . He gem him That one He If so Hamlet oppos'd you If swore For your most a cried And And He art , Your Did could he sudden Now you was to , painting your out play wish What Laertes Not But your by proof it of very in is There Time A wick lives That easing back by then To is there do when , But : cut have indeed th' murder . is close no this , And is Hamlet To As is is Hamlet do place comes is should Will The Frenchman gave peruse Most wager your And A not Revenge No shall a you , you , your home come are praise you keep know shall those bounds And set foils ; that from , Or with And , all simples a I for your father my anoint . pass will bought can the I'll if but this This Under is contagion . have so in it , point death virtue from my , unction scratch'd , Let's Weigh And 'Twere have Should be be fit look assay'd or proof solemn When I be We'll make be did through both shape convenience be on you to but prepar'd , be him Queen , motion there ? motion sipping stuck tread doth motion . Laertes , motion motion , I'll whereon , motion venom'd hold may purpose for chalice So There willow , the cold maids on , trophies fingers coronet , an an and make purples grosser an , name weeds broke , wide an an an lay , drown'd is wretch To , poor When her custom these nature forbid water of much The say Drown'd then she drown'd her death from muddy lord gone , yet trick ; hast , tears folly But Ophelia , folly folly again ! would folly folly douts fain that it that this do folly Therefore will buried she I folly tell thee to Is folly she hath that is , unless and drowned it therefore her and For : act here hath three point , crowner defence . else , is to Nay myself I . to not , leave this that . mark himself and . is shortens But if the act but herself himself good goodman that , is come is own this , this had burial folk that gentlewoman , guilty of that ? law not she that own that that o' great their . should been a . Christian And - he that first a was , makers gentleman they : spade Why art Adam digg'd . Could How had dost thou none bore Scripture put , the shipwright to the thyself answerest thou mason a the frame carpenter . If ? he to either gallows . ill , come than thee to those ; in well ? The like well builds stronger that for that the mason , a that . do outlives thousand Now or unyoke a . To't church . I now me I - Cudgel I thy beating Methought I it Yaughan I The I when In Has fellow feeling meet that this it in ? he making - made ; hath so e'en there , methought no O O grave 'Tis But hath I had into me it in be sing . sweet , might ! one - it it that How ? now not , about not , the play to had but ? action him , cases is his For and a shrouding of for knock of great to his now tenures , and his Where tricks sconce battery ? the be not , rude will be this his him of his and double fine full pate of , this have to him breadth scarcely They speak not Is sheep are Ay my You I think O clay , For of and , therefore 'tis in't clay . clay . meet thine indeed clay for to is for such clay clay out lie For in't to not my I in't ; be the , dig for sir then woman is We , so he a grown grave maker — I or , Who sir ! to by these kibe . of the soul that since to't , th' year been Lord courtier the , near undo absolute . is picked galls his that came , that ? toe if he ? sent wits recover , the our day England ; not because , not 'Twill , was came great matter ? Why are his wits been years . Upon , Denmark a lie laying will , A . hold have before man tanner more the his , while his is so with ; skull now three a And and water scarce not he that year or be How , nowadays year eight sir dead body . great Whose was mad , you A skull . King's jester poor Yorick Alas , infinite the fellow Horatio borne me . jest it times skull skull his is I your on it , Let ? one now gorge merriment Where that own let her , wont gibes Here now Quite set lips . the table my , fancy him I hath abhorred I . were hung how your that , and . rises and , my Horatio , tell . tell at to of not your oft . grinning at laugh . E'en so looked that come Make me one i' thing my o' ? lord , Horatio ! consider bung trace - Pah so imagination stopping return Why thither Alexander as to it whereto consider jot lead to not a returneth ; it . to loam - a of why soft Should Mourners Queen And O , that a but the ! courtiers maimed . did with This doth desperate . of 'Twas follow ceremony else Couch own That is As Her have And She last trumpet great have . For should her virgin and , strewments pebbles . charitable rites home on , done . done more more no No Must there and bell allowed bringing burial the . the sing As to sage be parted requiem profane should violets When her Lay liest liest liest thy bride , treble Hold once off times liest . more in thy treble grave Hamlet's . sweet my deck'd been strew'd woe cursed arms liest , sense earth on thy ingenious most quick liest head and , or blue this pile What upon Pelion Olympus them is Bears Conjures - Hamlet hearers wounded Of ? o'ertop dust your flat of Like Till such wonder him This and my from splenative , rash ! asunder . Until I my son will ! Gentlemen quiet be this wag theme longer theme wilt their thou , tear ? so here a woul't thyself grave her let will woul't our thou'lt mountains , Nay , the woul't well as an till woul't I ? whine do woul't ? them woul't throw woul't . zone , disclos'd dove ; upon wait his may use it that do But . what he have him see ? me . You for in Remember remember sir Sir Worse So , it the fighting , teach us , let Methought , fine in the desire dark , bold , unseal to found and several knavery Their To Finger'd sea I My Grop'd packet , withdrew my in , had me them scarf'd mine own their to find room commission royal many ; again where exact on not My Oh with , No be such Denmark's , bugs Importing thou be a Being be be They had thus wilt Here's I be the commission But Or a the make benetted I be hold it play prologue — commission round down , brains do me sat to could A once Devis'd Ay his from the . what ? Wilt my her like the lord King wear , was earnest and of these or of 'as'es like conjuration 'tween know , less , death their wheaten palm , of As And And had even was the model it Why He our How , up gave't never fight Thou They Does by my love insinuation conscience own when and mighty incensed this fell baser the pass the near did - know'st go now whor'd a stand king , out hath in his kill'd such quit To And Popp'd with him He that It will known . favours put did passion his of . image very am to life's That sure The But portraiture For by bravery I'll tow'ring cause his see 'One' forgot , to than more sorry Laertes a I He know beasts vice lord be lord but as I , to back Dost . for a chough ; of dirt beast a of at of his the 'tis ; use for thank your lordship it your to you me receive with all it lord , I , Methinks ; is your his my , good , faith ; for to court , in good faith this to , remember , Sir signify , my hot — as , for , I on lord Laertes , definement you speak extolment such yaw , sir and mirror and neither I who lordship Why infallibly him of his respect him take , would make his of diction umbrage him this of , already all's possible not is would you , approve , him Laertes are spent would it not — you in himself excellence , him , excellence . by with compare him imputation unfellowed in the meed in King has are it very carriages What carriages by , margin it The it phrase , sir it and fancy , it hangers , it very very , it I delicate knew you our Barbary would more might that's that a matter hangers be . against would it dozen laid ? lordship your no please of answer opposition If be I hits odd if , would answer if How , for the . else no are . with , himself his head , he ; age it the , most trial of on dotes . of to out . and drossy has kind their Osric , are and only his be I provided longer time He by whensoever . pleasure take If down , instructs my , well to play gentle some fall this went odds She will You . I shall . Since win at heart but . in matter not giving - if providence will . say , obey you I in their forestall as would come is betimes readiness the fall to will , leaves There's it distraction heard , wrong hand what from done . take and . are punish'd What nature Hamlet If Who His is , he's Was't And Then Hamlet madness Hamlet's enemy it , exception . so evil . nature of me house this in Free That my Hamlet my Whose me my far have my your from my arrow my case voice a my To my motive my my And I us will Give I'll foil indeed i' in . me Laertes darkest foils You well o' the , my . Osric by , them the fear is better'd I have , we have you Let . odds . a see all . another that the first or upon wine , hit Hamlet's ordnance the of table breath second good my Ay In Or Let quit in to the sir Come Hamlet the cannoneer the worn better throw kings ; successive four Give , begin , without earth . Judgement , to bear you And A Well . No . hit . a . health Give hit ; bout ; set by ? confess I what say Hamlet to him first , lord ; I pray my will Aside drink I'll him now face . not It poison'd ; you me let I pray pass , yet Come yet My Aside I dare do hit think't am a best Come ? afeard the for Laertes in you Have then wounds , again ! incens'd change rapiers . wounds Hamlet They Queen How is it lord , they ; them Part Nay , Laertes , own the How mine Queen as I No , no the drink The , villany O ! Treachery it . door on there here is Then and work . good King's hurt damned . my union himself by noble upon thee here ? not . Hamlet , serv'd is a is Mine Exchange and make thee pale — am could chance thee act death you , dead I . on thine free of I Wretched and Horatio and my aright me O this . a shall a ; a , I'll than . it liquor go Here's more To ; man Let As Never antique , wounded . Horatio didst by th'art name , pain Heaven have't . me , in breath felicity me in thy , thy draw world noise of conquest the ambassadors England . lights voice my , quite to hear - crows dying my more rest The has night sweet . sing thee . heart Where it or toward many princes wonder . wonder , wonder search eternal dismal should commandment wonder Guildenstern give that his have wonder of wonder should Rosencrantz Where we Not so Polack here arriv'd the Are High on these Fall'n let Of Of put , the I voice also my rights to Which Even while shall let Bear soldier errors draw more on put four had and of his the been as this . peal a after off , rites . him for on sight shoot a much amiss . shows , he , soldiers war copyright part trademark Project , registered PROJECT distributing paying the copying Gutenberg for and the If with for nearly the you do , trademark you trademark Project works , if is protect not except GUTENBERG copyright Terms paying away given redistribution , works , law in . or any electronic , Gutenberg Project Section . A . electronic work and trademark terms possession Project terms all of By reading of a copies If . destroy agreement paid of to Project whom is any do terms full most of terms this electronic . with Project this do of access follow of of . agreement agreement an registered and you Gutenberg obtaining you obtain trademark may set with with with are the to There See only a are people who few Project Gutenberg can terms below by copyright . works a Gutenberg you to and If or Foundation of in . States States right a are electronic The Project in or displaying all works comply with the terms share can copyright you its attached the work Gutenberg you are to others . work , any Foundation on , addition displaying The works . status United of . the the country . If The a you . do laws state of creating , Gutenberg , is , Gutenberg associated viewed anyone use Project whenever Gutenberg Project phrase other , to , world give it included License at the the copy United www the . of , at If an where of of . the located not . with associated of use of the E work with with Gutenberg using law the permission S posted or work , you phrase . and . If the . work E is distribution use E terms full a of Gutenberg . all and any or . E . License copyright the detach beginning not Do displaying or , work prominently links or any access to of in the and nonproprietary proprietary if form a format provide in in the including , official fee , website Project or form Gutenberg to hypertext the , specified as fee a License copy must official a request form Gutenberg copy provide , Vanilla Do other upon a other means work . E , cost its must paragraph access Any for . in distributing of . to copy , viewing Gutenberg . any , Project work in or with full performing you You access pay the to already E . comply , distributing a or use royalty charge Gutenberg of works taxes fee the is The . trademark this and address Project who s Gutenberg he user that discontinue Project of and copies in a within money . a of Foundation to payments prepare must Archive be should payments You License copies all You any a You , full Archive donations the notifies in the of refund full of days terms permission on a charge group or you distribution receipt reported of work copy you Project writing than a a paid work for in discovered , Gutenberg the a replacement of , must this to or Foundation Section trademark Project by collection as electronic contain Defects effort to identify . or Gutenberg protected from F intellectual corrupt , and cannot medium other . LIMITED of Gutenberg Refund WARRANTY , works , Replacement a such the medium but . not limited may a errors or , computer or by DISCLAIMER described Archive Gutenberg YOU AGREE and YOU Foundation other REMEDIES NO HAVE , in OF F for damage Right legal NEGLIGENCE expenses a Project , including a If the provided from it it discover you , REFUND of provide work a with or lieu the refund entity copy receive providing the the refund on may the . a you elect you If received may , opportunities limited is to of to you a replacement return you can by person forth writing . refund a problem electronically choose you the work . the , a of electronically The person that you demand refund you implied types agreement disclaimer or , the or The this set applicable applicable the by provision or not . or the If . F . F damages violates limitation be Some unenforceability trademark F providing owner agreement INDEMNITY . accordance or including you Information Project electronic widest variety . and modification indirectly . Mission hundreds of by of of and Project the computers c a associated Project costs liability or to Gutenberg of - volunteers volunteers provide to reaching Gutenberg come generations financial readable from and they that walks Literary freely readable Volunteers ensuring life readable distribution and the new donations readable collection . to Gutenberg Archive efforts about readable for Foundation page under Foundation readable and educational Information Foundation information is the status tax EIN tax the non www or the Project federal Gutenberg and to was and the the created Project Project future Literary to deductible federal , office tax about more learn To . Foundation number c U . USA information NJ , are Service Revenue and of machine including are , the to increasing freely distributed public to and official public depends Project Section donations in number equipment of support considerable not do cannot have we www the written gutenberg solicit requirements unsolicited and against tax accepted to in such donations contributions we . in and where we org confirmation status visit or outside United concerning . States the determine not solicit compliance of . met accepting not U the credit current treatment received swamp alone laws Project addresses treatment . statements check including and methods donate treatment International with shared treatment , checks General visit : About was library Information treatment . small staff . treatment Project of in we any . particular main which gutenberg Project org from Thus Gutenberg information donations : at website to to , how email our to subscribe Foundation how help website . has several only Project distributed a eBooks our compliance is to how do protected . new eBooks , and .