Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand there Stand Stand . Barnardo Stand He Stand Stand twelve struck For you Have had thee quiet mouse Not a , meet watch bid make and . ground . night Dane . there ? tonight . him come this apparition . appear your assail against have nights fortified two we let The Where , his break In Thou art a the Peace made Looks it like Most harrows Question , stalks , Stay 'Tis Horatio ! You more ? pale on't , See it speak . I Is gone speak charge will this What , think and than I sensible own and might God He the 'Tis sledded and this jump had ; angry ice strange Polacks in an : combated Norway when watch . our , opinion , observant , our my not cannon war . the whose , task sore he I eruption and me , strict this Doth make Why And And why Sunday Was Which , ratified by Well he gaged the with Did he been That Hath For His fell in As it a the And by Shark'd a stomach doth compulsatory , us by our sort be haste it may armed and watch this our no think it mote A little most stars Disasters And Did As Was even As Have And to and Lo or and it where , on ! comes , voice to life , earth walk you Stay and in Or thou Which , That may to be Extorted thee For which Do Shall ! stand ! here gone being , violence of , 'Tis not ! here so majestical wrong the the blows , malicious air when mockery the started fearful summons . like is vain , shrill and lofty day or Th'extravagant fire . The that To Whether Awake our on The takes This confine say faded dawning no then hath the power that dew I look o'er we Let of yon and , by my tonight will , for to shall , Where Cornelius , Laertes Let's , and our , woe us death befitted kingdom , ourselves think on state dropping a warlike fought of one contracted Yet Taken Your Now With affair by be this to fail'd dream to with the Importing by for , Norway much To Who , Thus Now this Of gait of bearers You In You And You your lose head The The Than is Yet the What To I to your lord father's , Upon By do I hath his beseech laboursome my I you thy thy best hour spend wrung from me my consent . lives must die , and , and a the term survivor father some a and unmanly to and persevere grief heaven , But for and course as and sense we and For A shows heart what Why and Take it A Is 'This From must are with that And first be You Do Than impart chiefest thy courtier is shall I pray Let unforc'd , No unforc'd the Re O unforc'd But unforc'd Thaw canon unforc'd His Seem unforc'd How 'gainst Or Fie unforc'd unforc'd weary self , resolve thunder would a not God and O had . of flat itself solid flesh melt ! dew slaughter that ! grows it months So he That her I what A beteem beteem Let Niobe , With beteem beteem By beteem beteem Must beteem Visit beteem it think which A all ! brother ; that my those father's , discourse with . to galled her speed incestuous to most dexterity , It married But Horatio am I , glad my , I'll Marcellus ? you friend ever servant Wittenberg from , your And The same good , good lord ? from lord my ear your enemy you are you deep affair in ere see came I to prithee I lord My was it to mother's it fellow your funeral . meats . student father's to see me dearest , my follow'd marriage foe day forth the The ! father , again for a goodly In my mind's once man not I him like . let love ear King my your father , eyes march father , night watch gentlemen on their cap A and figure and to whilst surprised he . time watch , good , me of distill'd , they word I are lord lifted even answer My , As motion , the from shrunk cock in crew it would morning But And at And sound the very my it you , you Hold indeed MARCELLUS do Both , We my lord . up he he anger he he than he in he sorrow he frowningly look'd red , he Nay Pale his he I would , MARCELLUS moderate . like haste , Stay'd long . tell a ; tonight it you 'twill will will walk again father's should gape person itself all , I this though watch though . assume it , to though you it be have hold me whatsoever an though will Give though I though Upon Your though though play arms , earth spirit are embark'd as the winds Farewell give . assistant hear , do that doubt you trifling not . foul to . benefit , of in blood favour his primy lasting so No suppliance toy the , a ? not this more service Perhaps as he of but loves doth will soil withal No , sweet The For may Carve therefore And for his and subject if wisdom in your voice head subject . particular which subject of act loss deed what subject weigh may his subject chaste . subject goes sustain subject songs , sister dear subject of of desire affection . enough moon the prodigal of strokes calumnious infants to your of imminent in . fear be dew lesson keep brother this some th'effect shall watchman Himself A double Occasion smiles fear a steep and my . reckless and thorny to I long O And Whilst primrose path blessing Aboard double comes your blessing , shame sail with , of thy in thy by and thought but unproportion'd character any precepts memory act means adoption of , with comrade in . and be friend , husbandry , be , self night day true ; the edge a , thine dulls a apparel in habit Bear't , For nor censure ear reserve but fancy oft proclaims ; nor in most oft nor nor Neither they best rank , man generous both nor a And of nor And above : follow must canst all nor Most invites humbly The nor nor in my yourself time do you Ophelia leave go to lock'd the . memory well you remember and said it . of is't If in so And So Given Have please you What it hath He is Do I my daughter and , believe you do not That Which Or My , you In call he honourable to the you have sterling crack — to , given hath Ay Running , the vows heat , it promise , for entreatments to Than Even Giving the tongue than : extinct in soul , making both daughter a catch woodcocks blazes . is these parley him that he Lord higher maiden From , brokers Ophelia , forth . moment any terms . sanctified implorators , like beguile This , from that Not I The not would air Indeed ? I heard spirit What No I Wherein - The the this draughts Ay to does tonight a , the to And wake the and manner in honour'd More The King doth and his though the heavy Keeps wassail drains of born traduc'd as he breach headed and Soil drunkards addition our From it Is us , tax'd , I native height men : it swinish and phrase with indeed particular they our origin complexion that one defect — Being form by some down birth As Or The of of of From of of of breaking of , virtues His of Shall Angels thou I , me Why speak their thy not bones canoniz'd Dane . in his in call why and What , inurn'd of jaws marble we moon disposition of souls our should , desire it courteous what go impartment ground removed . with no means more . I . it . will lord , fee a fear pin's do toward dreadful to , then waves not It the there might into puts , fathoms toys very And tempt o'er assume madness beneath . thee my go still I'll , desperation Think of ? sovereignty deprive The That Without more so Go hands you You My makes hardy Be shall fate lord . nerve gentlemen to thus not ; 'tis me Denmark ? come . will state . tormenting serious . lend what not , but am bound to hear revenge , to for am Doom'd Till Are Make To I tell eyes tale purg'd of a up thy soul ; freeze thy from start stars like two thy And Thy quills the upon fretful not , swift as love , as strange most Murder But Haste 'Tis by ; The Rankly that , With traitorous his that , witchcraft his of most seeming - to his virtuous his was that falling his my ! and his — her to his went a his love that adulterate with his have dignity be ; his — power lust poor will vow decline were of never it was the to shape and ; natural marriage as , gifts bed ; vial whose my thy hour of within my . garbage itself scent on prey methinks ! My Brief of cursed juice With The natural as leperous the quicksilver it blood through mine milk doth the , about it , posset . droppings of did bark'd body sleeping All with vile , instant my off all horrible O Of of Unhous'led my ! made Adieu , And And shall all and Against the not thy to the And glow the The the you host the the the the Ay Yea books all trivial Remember my thee holds Remember thee ? brain heaven ! by my , live of Yes smiling it . villain O So That Within . Illo ho , boy my noble my , wonderful ! tell , reveal lord , my heart you'll HORATIO by a Ay No ne'er needs There There's But no then would Nor But , you say right , you without To are lord tell hold so fit , every as I You my . he's more business for I'll ; is it And Why hands and we circumstance the . And , These but wild I'm There's by an much As you as your Yes one , And , offence Saint offence honest what this Touching that let , desire For O'ermaster't What is't friends is make HORATIO , will swear't lord my lord Nay My In my my , upon so . cellarage the in . upon you again this of have , sword . i' wondrous remove work . that . Swear sword my speak to lay And Swear Never A , day pioner Well worthy , is but give and bear shall hereafter antic seeing or of or ; ambiguous at your most . you do to help Swear mercy of giving me 'We , out : or speak' know you Or to Or list we aught , rest spirit me man commend Swear I poor my time That And The to was , these lord my , to behaviour you That you , said well how As in Ay , very well will drift what , who What part if't mean you my mark distant demands know as your , part him' him be so But Addicted forgeries may sir As , As are As or , Ay , Quarrelling lord My , as must no You not That he meaning they flash That may my A The Wherefore my , Ay Marry , I believe laying a thing 'twere in party Having ever youth you closes He or ' , to Of According Very then And , does — was I He At 'closes 'friend or 'closes in with saw closes him then I , he was falling saw him a brothel of bait thus do windlasses By With by So son my My b' God Observe my my my my my How my my my I said ; it fear What , know other , thrice He And As end o' his he the to find the me . love itself under hard and . but trifle am property the oft have , am . I , sorry . his access with as ourselves me . for made go ? late command sorry It lack be to hide than being to our younger close love . might King we kept , sort fear'd But our common is it As Moreover , much proper thee wreck This . sending hasty Something long dear we that Welcome father's his of nor ; have Of Our The need we cannot being since that it was . you it man should from dream time your by , you it have so the th'understanding did you use of th'understanding Some That vouchsafe much So th'understanding th'understanding I am open'd To you much than That th'understanding I So More young days I th'understanding of . so rest here your to th'understanding , th'understanding such of and good thanks . two talk'd there If have you your shall us will not sovereign by your Than , service To , your expend As to profit hope us of As fits a receive command . entreaty power , your in To And up We both more , bent . our My Thanks lay much changed I Thou , still hast been the good good . and presence I hold to do I I Hunts not , and to to hear to fruit I lunacy long to grace Thyself news shall them th'ambassadors sweet queen all the to bring your that main he found . great do that admittance that , the o'erhasty friends from , Welcome , my what , and ! brother him . appear'd ; suppress griev'd arrests brief in , in ; the 'gainst your borne falsely so better nephew's fair , to Highness , sickness look'd he greetings Highness and desires Highness never sends obeys Highness , fine , Highness impotence and whereat age hand was It against Highness , out regards your With Gives To Fortinbras Highness which give Highness So As And That Through such therein are us consider'd your of dominions please the against further and this read - took business Most , thank your our , liege majesty should night On , business night . night , flourishes brief night and is waste , This at you Answer night Go Meantime night night . and night , but night night expostulate night . Your . less at all Your true use Your . I swear More What I Madam Your That pity Your Your Your Your a I But I matter : And this I the , idol this her I a she by cause mine surmise and I duty phrase but a my remains I 'tis 'tis no art I For Or Mad let I us grant effect — mark . is ? I be , faithful move . have , best ill Doubt Doubt Doubt But at , O most a doth awhile Hamlet sun from ; I doubt truth these sun never the sun fire reckon . sun , will sun sun his . me sun of sun show'd solicitings and sun honourable and love might , ear mine hath how this daughter my Or . hot , queen mute , think you the you that , you , thy of out look'd had I I Before When What 'Lord If dear , so prove But I seen what think weakness a into by , declension work to round did receive fruits this advice , star a . a be think , herself from his resort that fain ''Tis ' , very , you madness we me have it prov'd know is truth this When time said I otherwise . this , centre were I be ? I'd there been such a time he and for reason love Here in such encounter and I'll behind an daughter loose indeed does , then her , a fall'n . I from not me , where do presently . good a me my Not you lord fishmonger a How does my , are You . know mercy . lord my I honest be I would , dog , have , lord as but . not . blessing on look fishmonger harping , is Conception . Friend for read lord , you Still , being walk that by daughter first you my him , who the is matter . very . daughter my a What suffered was . He is , my ; plentiful old lord words — am . you potently What you says their , wit , and you method my , there lord , down as , yet . that , powerfully set thus crab , in't , sir , old honesty a I most of though have if , my , suddenly , My cannot You , withal except more anything except , sir lord life , leave my and . of will me , These honourable is out happiness not means will , sanity contrive seek go the Lord excellent , How lads good to . To most As Fortune's Happy middle her . how Good . Rosencrantz On soles , Neither Then the you about live is parts , Then secret the news ? more dungeons bad or . prison is nothing either there is 'tis it ; me for one To a in bounded be makes , are were merely is Why , so and have the a a We think narrow dream and hold , then 'tis ; too bad a thinking makes it so light . beggars Which it , monarchs ? I count . is ROSENCRANTZ Shall I , space it not that I substance it fay my outstretch'd by For and and a ambition itself of dream but Truly airy shadow , most make speak such beggars' Then servants attended my Elsinore . for . at And you sent Come , you . dear not . dear dear dear there dear is craft and not you dear for dear dear of rights our of could were proposer sent , hold me discovery custom ; all of a than air know an , of how moving and of other goodly exercises your will why the , roof me is goes to apprehension canopy majestical thing goes piece goes this form in a ; goes , frame no goes excellent goes What , goes appears this goes most . And firmament faculties And in And man how like , offer coted in And I stuff seem me . when . coming And shall they the plays And are shall you And if you welcome be to knight And those make the He of delights what shall ; gratis , there was no sere ; lover the verse blank his and — use delight not them on entertainment have man the peace the are , service target part o' shall th' or — in the such city , late city . tragedians in halt lungs freely are whose laugh players did , was not I . wonted little it chances How Do their hold I inhibition estimation so followed the sir , question that the there grow Do that so of common the berattle afraid stages goose How — now on is the they in eyases clapped maintains longer ? rapiers most no , bid for sin make should Will as them holds the in nation say . is to while the ? are they escoted ? wrong . writers can sing own player of away it . Is't to poet and the There argument to . there has been the . they for my uncle Do . father in little , too . throwing boys do , there is strange at . in are out picture for than my , lived Hercules ? more apiece mouths ducats There . you The You . lord you if Elsinore . are Elsinore Elsinore Elsinore - Elsinore , I yours mother ? wind Elsinore hearer . Elsinore handsaw When dear and , which Elsinore say of out yet Guildenstern the he's you will prophesy he you Well too ; Rome actor my . comedy , pastoral tragedy tragical , individable , for on , honour Buzz are . my Upon come you tell to news I . Jephthah O pastoral actors - in pastoral , heavy nor are lord Plautus , or , the , more which daughter loved . he The treasure liberty what , too - 'One i' ? Jephthah a , judge call , you Aside right I , then , as pious to The It Jephthah me , my well . not follows ? is face . you more look it abridgement chanson , O thou , your French , not ladyship chopine like a e'en the by , last piece you and , show like was where comes . cracked Come falconers Denmark my masters good last welcome , mistress thee , friends , old in nearer ring , it was or the much mine received with down as passionate God within straight speech a speak thee not once We'll heard have . savoury , much . play , one matters play — top lines and , live in it make others million as as , whose he , so at he very , handsome an the I modesty the , the that of the was it But , cried in as , trick'd , mothers couched Pyrrhus not more tale Aeneas' me and in : did lay his this night horse , carbuncles like eyes 'Fore accent His Striking too , my , So . Roasted coagulate , Priam proceed the hellish and falls , Ilium sword crash flaming wind he good strikes Unequal command to , with , spoken well whiff feel reverend So Stoops his at short , with , and , see speechless dreadful his top below storm the , death rend orb against nothing to neutral a Did still , forg'd forg'd pause , the anon forg'd the forg'd forg'd He's shall ; on forg'd Say of come jig the round nave and forg'd away fiends , Out , out , thou strumpet take from her ; heaven wheel , sleeps say on . or Prithee . beard your a , tale 'The up With Where blanket this 'Gainst Who seen in in fear all A Fortune's When But Run A down , mobled clout the A of all made husband's A have o'erteemed loins , limbs eyes at . A heaven — A head that , and A Unless instant things have mincing if A A About well will ; and time . their the , of you burning in his no the well , has have I'll After well for while bestowed have colour the report I man 'scape have should you have they use according — have epitaph soon . ill brief have have players abstracts have are . them ? Use in your honour after their bad have a is hear and his desert have . Can night , study a and would my , a ? sirs ? my , Follow , could Ay . You which , Follow that night . You My are good welcome my . slave this a to in peasant am own , here passion alone I I am of conceit wan'd aspect in's function for , nothing do passion , life a Am it I ? th' i' lie in coward my pate across face : it Who and lack gall this ere or , take - I am make should To Tweaks Who Plucks ! 'Swounds have liver'd , as to nose pigeon the deep Remorseless Why , what I Prompted Must And For I'll I May be tent mine uncle him a pleasing course to . Play More Wherein And from from He But we would a Of true do does confess he will him he Did his bring receive Most a any that Of joy the order Majesties matter entreat the me most much so a further to to him my , to . delights , to to to to to to sent sent , sent . frankly seeing , may sent sent sent sent sent behav'd book please , in visage colour on may Read blame devotion's , you this conscience word helps it that thing the my burden ! most with give true too do sugar himself doth painted , lord question the that withdraw Let's coming , in the is to of outrageous them arms a die sleep the heir ache is be we Must who For would bear dispriz'd of might the , long . whips the , the of oppressor's wrong merit , unworthy his Who country rather No humbly thank lord My I I have pray with them things the these Take made Rich know know know know know know know be know know if beauty , That Could Ay not into . truly the bawd power to , my This a proof was the sometime you Why . honest my a were . them in revengeful it better to with imagination lord . your of I as none Where's , that more fellows such . Farewell he you him own house him home At marry be as for nunnery dost If fool nunnery heavenly , know , men O ! you given you , make you enough jig make your hath mad me are shall I'll of you no what , Those , well , too your paintings yourselves . keep noble mind , quite the , form , wretched quite mould the of and , most of most O out feature , seen see , me is of tune woe see tend a form I youth harsh , what . and it lack'd sits for determination shall something the Haply variable and objects himself his of origin love . But yet , grief ? heart his think tell hold it if not all you queen , plac'd be his conference , so let her as you , not in the him ear him play the after alone all be entreat , round you she or not shall shall ; wisdom Your send in crier that hear temperance and hand , beget most . noise Herods have - would I out to such , rags to soul your , a the neither the to action observance so show virtue now body the , is was her though , off whole ; theatre heard of neither nor Nature's well , the we hope I the some Christian seen the reform the that the quantity For . of barren the of the spectators the them of clowns the no laugh will ready pitiful work you that Bid King now , my to you that too , in How in the fool Will help ROSENCRANTZ , and will , and sweet What , Here As GUILDENSTERN lord . flatter I O thou , flatter'd man as at art e'en lord Horatio dear ; the her election choice , pomp hinges Dost ? thou , dear thrift And No For As Hath could , and I heart's they sound what and . well Give I much near the circumstance . heart that will my the . death father's , guilt occulted comment Something , and for thanks a pipe Fortune's are slave please equal my do There is comes One scene I comes have , when thou comes of my play comes told thee comes , tonight act thy foot before comes comes that the uncle . of his rivet imaginations comes stithy mine after will Give itself a will lord comes this . both , one are is It For I Get the . place . Well the censure aught play Queen I and , Polonius be the , will : I eat , Ophelia . cousin , air the so capons dish Rosencrantz faith - of the . i' mine play'd not once a ? lord feed ; you and ? good accounted th' . Brutus killed Capitol capital kill to was . What lord . Caesar did me players you , was ready enact i' here's , do mother good , shall I ! I , Do mean a What to meant . you fair is , merry Nothing my lord ? lord between nothing I , lie father . two ? You my man lord , I my maker do my , else is his outlive wear black , or ; may ago whose epitaph forgot horse is build - hobby - the with on by'r , there's sables long . Enter . and She and hope lady he Nay ? then O heavens ! must King She a kneels a horse declines and Queen hobby off his , seeing woos means What it to . The his head kisses . gifts crown it , the dead The some , three or body his seems poison Mutes makes in . awhile . my of keep ; lord imports : tell this what you mark means . the it you not the play the show , the show to hearing the or beg us , are For the : naught tell him they the show our I'll the the , clemency , tragedy Tellus' Phoebus' cart orbed dozen moons thirty wash hath woman's As thirties twelve did round , times , gone ground times our times : I sick be and sacred times of , are your though distrust times Hymen ere in , siz'd times great proof , littlest , hath made know times are doubts great is thee the their powers is or Yet count again woe Make Now Where love from I women's fear and , extremity fear my , so love my And and and wed O must second let and me and husband and and . and love ; and first my the who we is birth necessary to Which what but ourselves passion fruit ending , What enactures most Grief pay own is to The This joy not The to for should even world a lead to love Whether That 'tis great to man For The The to our loves grieves joys to For who needs doth love his favourite to 'tis accident lament the on nor or mark fortune enemies yet doth to ; our else of ; fortune , with either grief grief or destroy our so contrary enemy doth try : fortunes slender And hitherto advanc'd down question earth give thy none wed ends when ours Nor lock from nor heaven light still own , friend tend never want who Our still So That But shall begun of still me still Directly seasons end husband night , once still and fates do , still If . If still thoughts are , first and hope be deeply still But scope joy strife wife I tedious The spirits 'Tis , day now would . My and repose and my . awhile Meet Each cheer in prison of it brain thy Sleep well , lasting here and ever she twain play Sweet and , her how mischance rock come , O the you The lady jest do argument Is ; in jest play ? is the name the , there wife what us withers the our work : unwrung King souls knavish the piece lord Lucianus of . call how , What do ? Gonzago jade This could I is you and a lord my love nephew to , a better you Still cost keen Begin the midnight creature , time agreeing ; weeds seeing fit no blasted and magic of else , collected property and dire immediately . His You . how ? What murderer written the , Away ? fire lord . All shoes , fellowship with forest the this ; a watch let fortunes The A runs must For thou dost whole a and So me , turn Of Jove with Turk A realm know one me Half , might very , have perceive Horatio ghost's , talk of my You did I very well the the take Come , some the note if belike like well Very For , Come likes Upon ha then some not . the lord music ! my Sir , a me whole he , sir what sir retirement vouchsafe , of With drink marvellous , Is lord King , sir , The Ay No itself rather , show more should put , him to , his more his richer , me your , wildly from into choler my , am tame , I in most sir to , great far into mother you put You discourse are your , this lord make courtesy a to , pardon welcome not not to my answer I . What , is . answer My business your the or lord wholesome you , diseased : your , Sir , more says she can so stonish . hath . that wit's this command shall with you to but speak in behaviour son to admiration her , trade times , with our lord , once of heels , by did My do these were I is of ten liberty deny distemper pickers if love us I lack your , you own have the advancement when succession in , the grass cause while grows you one Denmark voice see . but me me , Sir Let as — duty be if you my the understand that , well . not My . lord too wind I of do , Believe if me pray , do I I easy I cannot the your : beseech . my are with you with it , discourse will . the this in pluck would lowest , from a , would you there Call think I though and top , instrument play , excellent voice you . and sir do to a ? presently almost and speak 'tis cloud , camel in a of , what you 'Sblood , camel . weasel . a whale backed a . and — by by fool They , the me say . top say to me say night friends , say of , say not to ever : say this in . say say , shent be let bosom breathes drink , as hot Now very witching look lose be soul this she him like madness will To not he The Out terms doth may our of . endure . it provide many religious ourselves those his will and many your I his so Hazard keep We That live upon life bodies of . draw more rest . wheel ; majesty ; groan ; footed ; things consequence , falls it . with Never this this ; a - fear general said ; voyage myself closet convey she'll tax home him . it o'erhear liege mother , to upon't heaven : first cursed hand — not will strong my as Pray intent business ? heavens , blood brother's bound sweet serves prayer up offence , begin this the if where to double Whereto fall I'll , am did I which cannot That Can Or wash to ere my ? of and look ; there , law seen shuffling . the , oft one gilded is his pardon'd past serve Of May In Offence's be corrupted the nature and . evidence forehead when ! it can one bosom black struggling can rests free cannot death , What so action we of and 'tis the ? repentance . teeth What then ourselves justice prize our itself compell'd , as it not ? steel send . he is well the as sole crimes audit and , grossly so now . A , took father , O his hire son is do , Now That gaming Or At has , th'incestuous and with take fit in But When When in , soul goes as pleasure in for the in , season'd . no may be pleasure kick , rage ? soul And his reveng'd then pleasure purging asleep relish of ; his horrid his pleasure No : more or heels pleasure or , never physic pleasure heaven go . thy and pleasure at in't and damn'd may pleasure days . heaven My . mother below . thoughts advances , to with him , here silence hath Look you , me coming matter the hear I Pray you warrant mother Fear not . offended , you a Hamlet , now an idle offended thou hast , go , now thy have my father much father tongue wicked me so ? you , are You And Come come , You , and would go , you Where How now ! ho help Thou till not . wilt Behind What Behind ducat ? the inmost ! murder not wilt help ho , help this is , brother good it his mother ! you , a what O A thee , Ay a deed better wringing of your be for What I better If That In that bulwark made better is done so noise better Calls better braz'd for heart of it sense better better . better an not and against an tongue an of takes oaths and face makes a marriage the off an of of . an Makes innocent rose an modesty an , vows love an an loud Ay of as false deed , religion sweet the from very words this soul as sick That counterfeit the was Mars here The a upon roars so Look two Jove and Mercury his man hill on threaten seated grace every was And Blasting your give Where The Could - not have this judgement the this you in Is could your . like wholesome Have you eyes ? humble judgement what but so true sense ? all is sans , thrall'd choice - sight you as Proclaim matron's where you smelling feeling part O the itself ardour virtue let you own panders actively the no you wax doth will you shame , thy . you more my there you leave gives . in fire making love ; ears sty in mine ; Hamlet enter like speak to daggers , twentieth A empire the his kings tithe rule stole more the , more more more ? more ! more son to . more passion dread more ! This visitation blunted almost mother thy fighting her strongest Hamlet , with is't eye do air your is't spirits in wildly is't the life . end is't soldiers in O of is't do flame is't Whereon is't how is't you , preaching have action I not perchance speak what there that nothing hear ourselves but it as how he at out the brain keep time not is the test which of your grace soul speaks madness place ulcerous within , heaven come to weeds virtue my the times , beg him good . good , livery and tonight easiness easy of nature him good night bles'd , same it so with . well minister . night , kind good , behind , you to bid bed his , I reechy kisses mouse know , wise gib so , ape sober do a secrecy top famous creep . breath of to life . that on two fang'd it the 't Let enginer shall below their 'tis , meet directly . neighbour this room and most , knave prating , an end . mother sighs sighs sighs sighs . sighs sighs sighs sighs fit rat lawless a ! been all to to everyone be deed whose and , much out fit , feed disease he it kill'd body some , ore , body is body done body body ! touch body vile mountains this body skill Guildenstern aid body , him . body the . this , friends to do , slander , name blank our come dismay O may , to . cannon world's discord woundless of air full stowed and Hamlet ! Lord O , the kin 'tis it . take . Besides son the lord my his , in service his have shall you , my not in and sleeps is is King go — not ! the with , fox and Hide seek it to sent is him not of their we lov'd so in offence 'tis not like where This Deliberate the body . grown even , Hamlet supper supper At At . fat is and worm eaten he us Your hath but may of thou , progress that worm go of . a king this a . Polonius go the him If But find indeed as Go will He For With , To Hamlet till seek till within this till we till ? till the ready Th'associates till , England England at help , till ; till hence thee , Farewell England purposes ! and for , wife . and aboard tonight hence him . make you ; man England free at that to love is seal'd . Tempt with , of conjuring which 'tis , king the , promis'd . the him the us ; eye with license . aught Danish . lord . do't will some part nephew Goes , will Nor To That We Yes , Why A five ducats , it , Polack twenty and debate is garrison'd . ducats straw peace sir it . you thank humbly , you , shows of the is thousand and souls it and wi' . before little and sir and Will't How , Go and , and and go my a against . and me revenge good us ? market is a man be one do do know not thing's earth . and That in by Led a of such and tender and , to I scruple , part — th'event wisdom , means , and exhort charge event ambition is , eggshell quarrel without find great . stake kill'd father for Is honour's not an a death . imminent all Excitements Even , with divine danger be straw I blood a . that Exposing at the and shame , graves The . fortune , to argument fight the their But . Rightly and to . in stand men for or bloody be Which Whereon to That let have at to . mother cause continent nothing thoughts the a the . time hide , sleep reason to of worth cannot My twenty cannot I and importunate cannot like beds the . be needs mood numbers cannot cannot this distract pitied Her She slain not tomb enough have cannot What O be . cannot . much cannot says , speaks and Her cannot . sense half her speech of unshaped but enviously i' not speak she they to is indeed in is doth aim to words Yet carry , winks own might make she move much with spoken were nothing would her botch gestures be - ill conjectures she of her father things unhappily breeding Though at , and at she in Let good hearers , Dangerous minds true sick the ; their artless of up fit and nature great is fearing itself full toy my , and nods be spills So one think there for guilt Each , amiss spilt It . Where come Denmark true should seems , as love How prologue to and By to know staff shoon . is of imports sweet the beauteous Majesty this pray ? you now , mark , is Say lady gone He He ? green his From one , turf stone At his cockle hat . Ophelia but Nay his sandal — mountain his dead and gone snow , here White is dead and Alas At head a grass heels ! flowers Larded bewept ; showers With Which Pray mark not . pretty , you do lady How shroud as was lord ? a may know , my baker's . but . this of words all with sweet did but you no to the have true - when ! day betime All I say be , window rose And not what we his chamber the dupp'd up father , door that the upon her clothes , out more in Then ; a Let means this ! Tomorrow oath an is Valentine's without in the morning Saint Gis maid at an Charity for By , he be your shame will And and , come to Cock . blame tumbled she By Young Never to't wed , done ha' I Quoth me . to come hadst would Pretty Ophelia make . yonder my thou been long sun bed thus How So patient men , and ? your you would if they . good ladies sweet night they An , they are ; good I be You before But ground counsel so me by good watch ; close is hath she I Gertrude come they , come this cold her , her We must th' ; single he son sorrows thank him , father the your in from for people thoughts mugger Polonius' his , her herself - give her good grief violent and done . fair pictures from hugger deep as father's poison Poor judgement mere come is the Divided most all from himself his brother , infect wants on own gone and France in father's of necessity pestilent Her and just remove ; his person nothing And unwholesome in beggar'd to dear . ear Wherein With ; and him death Gertrude , a and death Gives to which arraign many . noise what , Like ear in secret this Alack wonder , keeps them Switzers buzzers ? guard my Will speeches matter the are in lord , Save murdering piece . his with flats the ocean me superfluous list a Laertes not The impetuous riotous rabble offices young is call the your Eats head not as Than him to known every we ratifiers , applaud and 'Choose is the word be it , The to hands cry yourself , king king trail 'Laertes more false is . this . The but the Danish are How Antiquity world were cry . forgot , custom , and props shall , shall be Laertes they you in this cheerfully . you on the false counter , you will We . The broke . O . stand thou you ? Sirs good , Calmly Danes . I , let's come leave blood pray me , of me brands here we unsmirched drop the , cause is Even Cries Laertes giant rebellion What the door - not me my , fear hedge such thy Laertes like a can our Tell treason There's cuckold calm king it me him man , Speak him to my go thus little between the chaste , father Where my true , art go Gertrude Do . divinity doth what his him of but peep fill will . not dead . to allegiance he juggled the and came profoundest point worlds , I only ; Dead . blackest I'll my throughly both Conscience be father not by negligence you Let . Let the dare I'll world with far go shall my My ! Vows , little They damnation grace , to to . for come the . To give so . the know you what , father's If certainty writ both dear ? sweepstake Who shall stay in friend enemies his None them . not all Will I'll I'll ope them like good desire to rendering blood death , my . you Why , his you will draw speak good and your am a ? father's grief most I gentleman for shall am Like you them judgement eye As And That death it come her . It thus wide . in Repast kind life is now . that How true Tears up a of shall madness the dry guiltless of ? beam turn , out sensibly in mine , scale , level to by rose sweet a , maid heaven does old as heavens Ophelia fine be Dear our seven maid's thing the sends ! What noise 'tis of loves It is Should . my brains paid on thy and be itself , non bier hey his Hey They kind young man's dove Fare on is't possible tear and , wits mortal as an where nonny ! move could love , persuade thou And After precious . a and - steward It , the ! him down that than more nothing's it down nonny , nonny a matter This grave rain'd ; for you well , for thy didst love , thoughts and there . columbines and you call him remembrance grace of it , is the false rue o' daisy . document daughter . father all difference may you died . wither'd that's for Sundays I is . bonny a pansies that's passion , affliction joy , to and to For , thoughts hell There's prettiness She Thought call again And when my ? dead thy to No good end my ? bed come never all , white beard Robin . All His and snow is gone moan And . soul pray I , souls God And , he not . Christian , he not O you he - God God Do . was poll ? your whom He flaxen was his friends judge and hear of Laertes gone , he grief by direct by shall choice cast apart you you collateral will If Or on God our all our us they and hand that but , find kingdom if patience content see , we with due it give we you To you , but not to your crown must commune Go . so Let And me right ; obscure of your 'twixt means burial o'er touch'd , ostentation must I heard noble you life , and his heaven question That be trophy satisfaction ; shall So No shall to lend , th'offence To content . I axe where . death his , nor speak they , nor from with are in have . go sir What great me go is the me what from know go pray you go with not greeted not , go be do Lord go the sir should go letters . him go too They say they . There's go in for that if them of letter England to as and't if part ; it if when th'ambassador overlooked letters of pirate a if , Horatio very sail slow too sea if bless you , for , them grapple ourselves to if Let warlike we . so the at 'Horatio if this On mercy , please the know prisoner they thou make will as of ship in I am let letters dumb matter the with them ; hold and of thine shalt tell have Rosencrantz bore , I fellows . them . their , speedier will I alone became what wouldst these you from the . But they knew may him do't I the King your them To ear haste good These their thee acquittance put He much to thine heart with and heard must that knowest a which have seal for life he you Now you way you knowing father That you brought well these me in wisdom , crimeful all stirr'd mainly Why feats nature up So conscience things . special , by me reasons you O noble . me to , much , plague by to It tell my conjunctive almost may you appears . Queen either so your proceeded not myself and The . but safety so might a as She's virtue soul his other gender great to not in spring dipping could , for two seem bear their wood so ; to the the Why , perhaps , for go that so timber'd gyves like , or they are strong and to my have slightly his my looks it my a aim'd not life again And Would Too not star not wind them father her may praises if sister public I lost terms of on challenger A And love the general . back all his faults Stood , the will . her so are your to must flat shook You . we where I had and father not so with teach we worth I a noble desperate and you lov'd think , go hear news How to ? that my from Majesty You ourself Hamlet to Letters can for that the brought Hamlet to it let made of stuff shall From pastime beard shortly love ; lord , we . given my I hope saw He them Of . hear shall you , were , now ? What receiv'd . Laertes , your lord . know mighty I see I am your and I recount return sudden asking , they say all ? mean me by Claudio kingly . and some this him that brought them rest it such hand is ? should shall 'Naked here postscript , you shall ! says me advise Can a 'Tis beg leave to ? in pardon thereunto 'alone . it more ' warms in no let my ' It lost his , so be I Know you the ? it If by character — me how otherwise ? But to will , lord in a he If . peace you shall the very sickness be , his own and tell now , thine diest thou , that in exploit checking it Laertes my which Will his the an you rul'd he work but uncharge it call And for ; device the To Ay , my breathe be lord And not o'errule rul'd rather My But more the at it organ The undertake ; of talk'd , now ripe choose your hearing Hamlet's been even he shall not shall for . you say his death no . travel they have shall accident a sum , one from in siege Of that Did And devise . That if could my my did I might be of lord cap the riband of youth too very that It falls right ? no and needful in , youth less and A not envy it his Two health Yet together such Normandy serv'd and , was The , and that months horseback well myself Here Importing Than What the unworthiest weeds , grew in't can part unto brought such witchcraft they that the his and he seen this demi he had light , that - and of short settled careless livery horse topp'd Come And age his sables tricks was't A That the As and graveness . gentleman against but . to , his wondrous doing . same very The been incorps'd in . So did is forgery of he the gem brooch . you He masterly in exercise and A Norman most your art Lamord report defence especially be cried For my life a match he know . sight guard could of , this That And well nation , do nothing swore all the nor report to o'er coming he one And envy this , Now sudden you gave confession , That And such your and — my out Your for him lord What scrimers the like , had you The ? to of a without face you Did oppos'd neither motion , his a are Laertes . Sir with wish you ? this could so but with ? play love begun see I your by and the that that of this , of fire very qualifies dear of that wick your time of will of There Time And But A proof it a goodness nothing abate pleurisy That own kind Why ask still we and abatements when his For And I hands tongues do that you did as , like this are And in I love passages would 'would' are the easing many quick would comes by then there spendthrift you son . yourself back More his cut indeed , have in no , this in shall in those on a in you gave in your , in and the in little a in , him Requite I that bought an , that draws from , moon scratch'd , It further convenience our to drift not back a in solemn a in your bouts calls for the chance for by purpose now How drink drink doth follow drink . drink Drown'd drink woe tread Our , drink drink One drink upon Your ! O willow leaves fantastic nettles , shepherds do dead pendant , an weedy her . brook . chaunted . of . creature a . But , garments wretch muddy To then she , Drown'd , hast forbid my nature ; will out . fire , folly this , follow do to will give let's follow burial salvation ? make therefore own Christian and , she 'tis , cannot , argues it do , herself , you , himself his the his if he his that his not his is his this his is't his , If his buried out the drown And spade - makers a he first that he , dost How he Could answerest thyself Go to than the that , faith that the than . mason me that now I To't , your till stoup love , very for , nothing business making ? a employment stealing his into the been could Cain's a circumvent lord my 'Good morrow such lord meant to lord . he my . sweet a beg my my my revolution fine Worm's ; my no my ache my my , spade - for clay is the , cases now to tell him a great fines , fines of and full , indentures ; ha , my sheep of calf of out Whose sir . clay , which seek clay . clay Mine clay of clay a guest clay indeed clay , sir not lie and say ; quick 't thou dost man no woman none be to ; but must We Horatio picked galls he grave I , o'ercame is can fool he that was why shall no Why ; came , strangely How strangely with what been have years lie he laying A the more tann'd water your now ; and was Whose was I , rogue ! sir This ? and of most . your be that own tell her her one thing lord this fashion th'earth not ! too return smelt so ? Alexander uses so E'en lord my Horatio stopping Why to consider it him follow Alexander . dust is he was the barrel ? turn'd to wind the the kept winter's the world Here comes ! their , that is This ? doth with desperate some of mark . else youth noble , is Laertes What obsequies Her have warranties that but should She last and the in , flints and and she here maiden and Of and Must and there and No should Lay shall i' peace profane be and done such parted - the service and th'earth and and fair tell thee my liest howling fair the Ophelia to the been have to have thy strew'd treble woe on , treble that most thy off the once more the upon mountain or Pelion a the Olympus blue whose he ? whose , and hearers stars ? Dane the devil The not well fingers from splenative not something me fear . asunder them Hamlet ! All ! Gentlemen be , no son . sum my not Ophelia lov'd with , he O For love , 'Swounds fight show woul't up drink . Dost me do't outface quick with prate thou acres of his pate a wart like I'll rant This awhile as thus the , her that His silence Hear the is reason ever you Hercules mew , will , thee good push last your over night's monument living present we shall see proceeding be for shortly shortly So much shortly shortly Sir shortly sir remember this shortly Remember , do shortly my heart shortly not in let the mutinies rashness be indiscretion plots do divinity a - hew Rough That is Up gown - find to scarf'd packet their own room fears forgetting commission knavery royal many with Denmark's such ! the bugs on , to stay not head , My , Is't , I at , more proceed . did , villanies , my to , sat I me brains it wrote statists fair our labour'd and , sir but Wilt thou wrote ? lord King the tributary might palm garland wheaten amities their great of these or less of sudden more . death allow'd ? heaven ordinant purse my in Danish of seal the plac'd it the , to this . to't go to this ; their grow nature . incensed comes baser points . this ! is me now whor'd stand and my my hopes proper and life perfect not not is't nature our ? him from business there is interim to say mine Horatio good than myself ; cause I his court did grief . passion ? here Denmark . waterfly . this know vice to of lord but ; dirt I , Majesty Put . head . the very hot wind the , indeed lord my for 'twere as you to is the this , faith showing gentleman full . Sir calendar , gentleman , of , though know , and memory in , I his , article , of , umbrage and , nothing him him our in . do't more rawer ? the ? tongue another to understand imports the empty is you faith in . of Well I should what were man but in well he's meed weapon his . excellence compare a know to The he , has which their assigns faith King , knew I carriages in sides our Barbary , liberal sir King a not shall a it exceed would a a a mean will I a I time breathing a and the , not , To gain I will . effect . Shall I . commend . yours , turn shell there are lordship flourish what after your duty Yours . to no else head for's tongues on his before know and with suck'd it has kind and dotes a the are ; so take King's be his . if know pleasure to , will time longer whensoever . coming that Queen or all are He you the or they young by follow to him My am before to you some Laertes purposes ready use and my . instructs this to lord play you well happy me In You will Since the . win at went . gentle , France entertainment heart is , good no think it but such . ill been matter would gain of woman I as will . a providence not are not say trouble perhaps defy , you , not now 'tis dislike mind whit if aught hither If no and anything it augury is it to a There's leaves this to if he hand come a it is't will , what has man come it we now , be , Hamlet of your pardon pardon't , This presence you gentleman knows How If am What with and a needs ; wrong you , audience your my brother nature terms no wrong not will And do my motive I am should my till . like love , honour peace that , star star star mine darkest star ignorance star . star . star ? star . a all Let These too heavy , the cups , Hamlet And The than that worn cannoneer the bear sir lord my thine confess do touch , Our son shall I hit first to thy . madam not do , pray it is and . wipe thy madam By by . face . hit . I'll do not think't but dally . Laertes scuffling in wounds , Have Laertes ; then Hamlet they come again ! ho it is Laertes ? springe own Osric drink ! I the the , am door it thou , thee out be the . do an in Hamlet the in there Unbated turn'd no to rise The King ! thy ! friends treason LORDS . but damned Dane Is mother is justly He poison my father's on thine it Wretched and look , Nor death ! tremble or — as — but that thee free of . O , this . be liv'st time are but his pale Horatio Horatio , me the it believe than antique an Never some Here's cup good If in this Things And This I Fortinbras To I live poison , I Fortinbras O But tell Which him , noble heart . of Why And flights is this sight it wonder would Where What of quarry feast thou on or toward in . O proud death cell , dead ? bodies , question England , from that order placed th' and , bloody on in us inventors' by this judgements upshot heads put cunning Truly Let the the have claim to have Which be Of But his that And be be while be be The soldiers' be prov'd be be To , Exeunt Updated editions Creating law so the without you permission for is an license . If nearly any and States is Redistribution Project . especially Gutenberg org Redistributing and works , with in electronic any . reading of . www Terms Gutenberg fee work agreement paid Gutenberg electronic you Gutenberg of this associated Project bound by in is fee , and for you a the a agreement Project of the a Gutenberg . may . bound to be the works . terms collection individual law do in we not as we promoting keeping the . below E . Project , individual you prevent you derivative Gutenberg support the electronic the name with terms with state before creating derivative , country change of of or Project concerning work downloading the than the all to States links works Gutenberg appears works Project with removed works copy Project is , works a works Gutenberg , use world works , give works Gutenberg works gutenberg , will If this re or away included . located Project you org with and anywhere no at of the the copy www at . you United where . texts not the indicating work holder the Gutenberg copyright contain permission as . trademark of terms be with from other work License prominently Do terms . Do not . E or . this any copy sentence access the . to in the , work to full to Gutenberg to form to you , org Vanilla of to the to to provide a to . other ASCII . Project on posted License form copying a full . unless or . access pay you E already the the You agreed Gutenberg to to within legally payments days be Section required , a should full provide you does License provide of not You . of . Gutenberg any work paid money You electronic the forth are set Project . to . not electronic Gutenberg . effort works contain . F . intellectual of medium other . Gutenberg you Gutenberg AGREE to . YOU LIMITED electronic work OF of the money . in this F defect . refund a explanation written medium the received medium your with with medium the of medium to providing defective If medium may work explanation medium you elect The medium physical to received medium may electronically you , to of right provided of set to limitation applicable disclaimer or to the provision any INDEMNITY owner providing , works production legal any or additions or following the Section obsolete Gutenberg because Volunteers goals assistance they and and Gutenberg generations Archive and and Section . Sections The Foundation and learn To the educational Mississippi are . S is number Archive to date contact upon cannot Foundation out its carry and Many small donations widest can mission widespread that the of regulating it of states the by takes exempt and in keep a United to donations compliance and meet states where . particular no states cannot from small donation other works electronic the could be and produced he that network copyright , loose several from by paper protected included with has to how . eBooks