there ? hour your King unfold to Get ? He live now thanks Long come the ! bed stirring . haste ? cold heart guard quiet a If rivals them my ? night - you who Give night . good Horatio . thing , him of there Marcellus us him . again appear'd tonight fantasy , of . along him twice apparition and ears , your down . pole heaven , of from that beating , burns Barnardo we sit , of , all westward Marcellus the myself again where comes to speak the would to . with Mark fear spoke , that the majesty charge speak . thee In sometimes which Together usurp'st buried of warlike I time . fair art Did , is thee ! away stalks I ! and might this believe ? speak ! King sensible mine you ! You will than God What on't more How ! now Without thou Such art eyes Norway when Polacks at gone our dead angry not , watch : thyself very once to As he When was he sledded frown'd th'ambitious Thus He martial 'Tis stalk what before twice With Doth make the might is't That Does Why , most shipwrights the night Thereto to so the forfeit Well , he stood Did Dar'd prick'd by most Our last ; conqueror the all by law of the gaged For Did Hath Had Of side of ; seiz'd the been fell in he As For food stomach and hath by his But So Is the lost recover doth Shark'd His And carriage of the article young , so land the the the preparations foresaid , and in . watch our main source it - motive compulsatory ere of , blood mind's Rome , eclipse moist . King like portentous these state Julius fell sheeted , events fierce the it again earth earth earth earth ! illusion ! countrymen demonstrated earth , and together Lo blast me . Stay done me earth , earth use fate ! uphoarded hast speak foreknowing thy , Speak thee to For Or Extorted , Speak treasure O womb spirits you happily privy , if Stop the and Marcellus , earth , walk speak ! my in ? so of show . the violence being malicious air when , have I heard a to the summons fearful that as it do To about blows the , trumpet ; of god or erring spirit hies object Th'extravagant sea , a it . and his Upon to , crew cock in , lofty the crowing of is all , strike planets to charm ; dare no gracious it mantle believe . comes . abroad night singeth , nor I The they hallow'd And takes and , have fairy are wholesome witch so hath the tonight upon up , do , advice hill , will we , in russet seen speak him our conveniently morning know that dear . I this , Voltemand Hamlet green grief one wisest hath , Lords and with with be and brother's befitted death Attendant Though our Together hearts yet Yet That To memory discretion sorrow , this to sometime 'twere funeral scale wife better With Or , weak , nor and and freely Fortinbras frame thinking a you which have herein , delight as Th'imperial With With , auspicious in one we Have mirth In ; wisdoms along . be our state Importing , ourself his most for much business uncle , have time For know affair this by young of message , lands those and out pester to disjoint advantage of much for of meeting here in full power old more business Farewell To You Giving of the dilated . articles your and these CORNELIUS haste no , further and proportions greeting personal duty show we levies this , lists Out and it of , to let ; For bearers allow your . scope than . duty . you Laertes beg not to heartily farewell , Laertes , news with to , Laertes return to my toward confess that duty coronation my must your leave says ? me from wrung , hath He , Upon Yet now and my By your thoughts and at . done ; leave go thy and that Hamlet spend graces it little more than , hour you my and hard consent to leave ; be thine will him it Laertes friend ! son . than , my less ? you . die must common thy a too much i' the mother good I that dust , river fruitful , cloak solemn forc'd the , the in , visage shows black , breath , moods , denote the of seems . not , know is with of suits Nay it , of ; Hamlet woe of nature your father his , your , to your for father some to . obligation , know in But a unmanly course in in , in as is to peevish our in most in the should must understanding . grief , duties in , simple , mind incorrect 'Tis must in That father lost Of It A heart impious A it Is To fault Take For An any know Fie heart against most , whose a , still today to cried , throne in our , our desire bend , courtier the chiefest most back I we beseech school less dearest which that Do , As This must Here not , with lose ; not her and immediate let the , son : to love , Wittenberg you to , of a you go obey to Hamlet . come fair and best loving my to gentle as shall in thee stay mother thy I my 'tis a all in Be This His But And O and Or Thaw that - the King's heaven shall away . Come solid resolve too into flesh itself slaughter , the rank should to my and to mother heaven would she . king a — come , this him ! a grown name shoes thy father's body , she Why ere she month on't , on — followed poor those my , think fed if A , all yet ; beast . which God , brother , but . of in come cannot to O . It break , But She married With , not such flushing the yet Ere is heart my , mourn'd father's Than I the to most dexterity nor , Hail I : myself , poor , that from good my you . servant my I do your same , And my ear do hear make enemy you of good , know is what yourself . you you your came I But what My drink deep your upon meats , Did Indeed To Against teach I thrift coldly Would forth Thrift it do hard bak'd Horatio my The . in Horatio . foe day see father methinks had that , eye , all . again , I all his king goodly a was he ; once him I shall for in I like yesternight I . I may a I father your the King my I an Goes point Armed slow and before at dead together , their eyes they with the act of surprised : with - your This . him to and truncheon's the Marcellus nights Two Been thus Appears encounter'd exactly his Almost The These thing dreadful the deliver'd kept true your the time . we not each with apparition lord My lord methought ; morning , motion to It My , upon the was answer up it none : like , address and as cock speak crew it head in haste loud . down writ tonight the watch sirs of ? lord and my , Arm'd Indeed you Hold let , in 'tis . top lord not his up . Very would . it much have with one His It , was it hold my though noble father's itself person will I I will Let I'll to it have it If speak warrant it you , my If And Though doubt some Till men's deeds foul well come , will Farewell give benefit . you do winds sleep . from doubt you eyes . not in ; of toy of that ? are as assistant me hear the the the trifling youth and perfume The , suppliance . alone so Do a and and , it not A in permanent more it ; withal no greatness virtue of no soil his now weigh'd And more no No and inward He may no for of circumscrib'd whole no depends fear no , now no body his yielding if to believe further no , says deed of your Denmark particular ear heart is withal sustain songs my the ; you , be choice Then wisdom Then too credent honour list importunity . dear affection danger beauty to prodigal desire , sister his ; loss what main in he weigh with Or If the saying voice your fear in you keep Out Virtue unmask maid infants , then wary The oft rebels best none fear good this though lies blastments morn and are Too And galls . disclos'd the . youth . do reckless and puff'd not his , itself Contagious to the in to shall th'effect , the fear upon . grace ; double my aboard , But a a rede here second father . own O A stay here Yet thou familiar unproportion'd Give few friends Grapple Of that every each Give Of Nor any character thou Be Those But But For Costly to Bear't Take Are of Neither they And And not a a select most France oft all not this to own in : friend husbandry the any man true be self and lender itself edge as then my must follow be to . day night blessing I : take , my my leave the And So time audience been he private , well you to me he . I 'tis and put so most hath and must . hath so be that As And hath something hath Have , my lord , like hath Unsifted his , as a perilous in ! hath Do You do not — understand it hath is it way of you ? his affection green should call I such believe , for , you'll it , fashion you'll prodigal burns how I of , you'll lord , you'll time both daughter . you'll . go you'll , Hamlet fire as than vows blood springes With hath his , to . do , young is For your maiden , woodcocks , walk Ophelia , show brokers . time . forth ways . for , are few he . that they investments their and suits , unholy . terms you , from of ; for leisure : Hamlet all your my slander or Lord . very ? now of season . the ; down bray . is't Ay manner mind marry though it nations born , my heavy More Makes us Soil And to the ; I east and a is west observance custom . the , them , that forts reason , too — of one defect , men these as and undergo corruption , complexion much o'erleavens — grace evil doubt The censure or the ; of pales habit , manners plausive say , stamp Fortune's they that the form The of , as damn'd from hell , goblin blasts charitable shape , Hamlet , defend comes it ! us grace or questionable . Dane ignorance O I'll ; but answer why ; ponderous ! again of and , shake glimpses disposition of we What and we Wherein thus night Revisit'st , op'd his up their canoniz'd thy Why Have To With Making That It It will I And It What if Being , for to Or o'er his there beetles the you immortal of other reason Think horrible the my , into the summit base place motive into so many , desperation the , sea the me waves I'll Still hardy As call'd . Unhand — a Nemean make ghost of , me . obey . follow lets this nerve , in me lion's that I'll him on Go He is To what issue the will in let's follow thus him state will to . follow it him Speak . Mark . go , Must Alas me am , Speak I thou to , when thou to unfold lend ghost thy shall , night to ? the Doom'd To Are Till for Make eyes thy secrets away done term to confin'd thy for a . my fast in fires forbid , word days that - nature in my whose thy stand to stars soul two burnt I ears O . upon particular a unfold from locks ; up knotted Like of thou Murder , is ; wings of thoughts , with . and . love — murder as wharf shouldst stir than Now on fat weed hear , Lethe , or strange sweep As to most , the know't most that to so know Now ; stung given itself in that me a by ease ; forged , sleeping process whole noble ear thou the , ease of death of life ! uncle Mine O ease prophetic gifts ease , incestuous of , With O ease 'Tis out ease witchcraft that with , to his have the lust there shameful adulterate . dignity was that beast — mov'd ; virtuous - seeming love was of power falling that the angel in garbage celestial a scent hebenon always hour Upon Brief let My With . court it sate though prey I Sleeping of secure of the in juice be And lust Will But of cursed porches That of The and And of The Holds of a vial , of mine crust my to disappointed my on of , of sin account smooth ; smooth royal in bed ! my . smooth . thou O my smooth , of off reckoning ! A horrible Unhous'led pursu'st nor , couch not smooth , in I smooth No hast But howsoever mother those And Taint thy prick The O , 'gins Against And - to glow sting O ? hell all host And I'll saws In thou couple But you you I my me distracted from heaven fie ! thee a ? there brain memory Remember while globe the all away sinews table trivial alone , villain Denmark villain my observation , copied all commandment and youth thy books , Yea Within Unmix'd and forms of Yes volume ; woman is smile you there I least one That , So At am uncle 'Adieu is , Hillo ho , news ! tell wonderful . it it lord lord noble ? reveal my then But you'll by HORATIO a he's arrant dwelling knave an , ghost my us . point , in all Denmark right lord . pray heartily . heartily whirling they sorry O'ermaster't As Saint is It you are as , my . tonight will . sword . we MARCELLUS will . already . faith my my lord Nor Come that . Swear Never boy ha , Ha Hic my . hither this my ! mole i' remove good is work Swear fast . welcome wondrous it . come , but , night in philosophy earth ? Horatio , meet bear so this heaven I , shall disposition or of list , Or by know' speak' could some out 'There this — and to , need not . they would' might' , and doubtful this me in before encumber'd ambiguous aught mercy at we we your help to if be most . Beneath know , not on . love all , Rest Give this these . wisely lord my Reynaldo notes money do Before My , how And Marry What By Take in But Addicted What forgeries , As him in thus , particular some know as part 'I ' , very you , there wild , I dishonour may , are if't and you companions such him ' mean As , My , no may you . You may in the ; far , assault unreclaimed of : open the a outbreak Of You must put to dishonour scandal his of mind faults . and But my Marry Ay And Your As party thing a slight it little sullies , of , or 'gentleman' — consequence guilty , soil'd would prenominate , a Having sir 'Good does then Very Of And He By the mass At 'friend in you yesterday , and o'ertook ; or : consequence' and 'gentleman , day , and ay t'other such gaming brothel bait By by lord , I me former my son Shall you My , have you you advice , bias , my I And his in ply Well , With lord , in of chamber my , each gyved so doublet head shirt if To As with lord Lord Ungart'red had - been his he a , I , he And his down upon , thy What not to Then Mad do Pale of horrors comes before love do know , mine , profound up of and down so , bulk turn'd . and lets shoulder without without their . stay'd Long it sigh shatter his help the . on . me love itself , go , of fordoes . the will What For o' his he eyes , late — denied access repel His to letters am I did my you to property leads , I , No given lord sorry it cast This must To I had , hate , common is to known grief More Resembles his that Since The . hath , both humour and youth rest to your so , so vouchsafe neighbour'd to from him draw So Whether , as much To gentlemen aught I Good sure whom occasion to show your so adheres expend occasion much there it our profit time shall occasion visitation supply To occasion he hath . us , two gentry more occasion As Put Might , occasion Than dread pleasures to occasion will king's king's bent king's feet Guildenstern king's To be gentle Rosencrantz by your power king's entreaty king's presence And Thanks and Thanks , beseech changed I bring much and and and Heavens and And and helpful . found liege , brain this policy . I that cause very And hold my as so . do God , lord Assure my to to great do do Hamlet's to . do he hath do the other marriage . do . do in feast th'ambassadors . that the , but found them distemper son's suppress brother sent he preparation levies , first a , which Voltemand , what return of look'd so sickness fair our nephew's Upon Most His To It was which your be good greetings 'gainst , my and our , obeys , arrests brief in fine more Majesty , quiet enterprise and down therein to That as before ; safety of are On and likes As And Answer at Go So it might more , at , rest Most night set business - we'll for you this time labour together well home , expostulate , is , Your . noble time , flourishes of outward the , and is . well to ended less . use with that go but madness time wit day what madam night limbs let all 'tis . And now remains art , is , whilst and the Mad But Thus That's soul's shall and surmise — obedience defective cause comes the , we That Or it remains this rather Came ? I to , mine mark not art to her will be faithful ; Hamlet fire Adieu , show'd , means by , best truth awhile mine to she love ? him , and But love what on the you must tell , might you what queen me it prove fain a As man do What , told daughter dear look'd think my you ? might I I . think I , that I might I mistress I this ' messengers , I should lock the short a fruits into into watch I to to a a and , now , make , we . wail this his bespeak star . her : my a a receive no to fast by . very , fain ? so time That Hath When it I It Thence may be otherwise know this said ? together the in from I , If Take Where truth circumstances this the were hid indeed , her arras daughter four it and for thereon , to then a We will a sadly where him , away me Away board . poor wretch , give comes both . reading leave the do , my does Do good - How - my , mercy . man fishmonger to picked one man a , is a so were ? lord my world very That's as Honest lord . thousand , Friend conceive . have Conception , Have you daughter my lord a carrion in . extremity words do much — to him again words fishmonger harping to't but on you lord a Still . youth I suffered Aside said in he I . the my , my ; read , who Between gum tree plum - most believe , that . wrinkled ? you is be it All I should this you madness there my method it I , am . I , pregnant of happiness out my meeting between my lord yet air not honesty go old . Aside sanity You My suddenly honourable replies You life I and is ; leave my more will , These life , take from , Fare to To Rosencrantz Good ! excellent the children of over - shoe her cap not the button . of middle earth the do . happy very ? favours . question me . at hands strumpet is the friends , lord Then doomsday What have that she a which world not for one worst wards . prison is are o' . confines th' , either for or and my nothing and a too so . so you think makes ambition makes it to that one it it prison mind king I a is I , infinite dreams ambitious Which and but but . monarchs For upon th' , bodies beggars we to We'll not honest of you visit in the friendship way will . speak that , am you like matter such beaten an I to make you at . not Were thanks ? the to say You come were your which we should What , enough must in I But , Come purpose looks the kind anything fellowship to by preserved teach To off . Guildenstern . If me that , custom o'erhanging golden foul , air roof piece faculties What excellent frame I know work and man how express and in with , forgone disposition , it were we , lord , to moving fretted to my mirth my prevent so goes seems . Man by to me so say this sterile all like a nor . woman what , a promontory this brave beauty is neither , in me' . and way what , them when the my lord though there dust ? your then you no was if delight to shall are hither He of shall and . What use , end freely , or tickle part in not entertainment have the lord shall adventurous they We shall gratis shall to city such are the ? in the sere ; tribute lover ; knight those her in ways of of verse they both — Their was hold I they say players lungs delight profit when did they indeed the not No comes it aerie their , inhibition How that - goose stages common afraid and children the are berattle are most tyrannically of little ? Do they question ? they Will ? 'em quills so for't eyases endeavour so , of in the cry — own ; a to cuffs , for and was the . on them should they and longer grow against went while the succession better than maintains children their them exclaim and has O , carry it the in player Is't been there , do , my much argument to very , would is Ay Do they strange make that ; at hundred There for . are ceremony Your players the than something mouths garb outward than welcome are welcome you fashion . than if philosophy , those and could , than forty . 'Sblood than Let than - than is lord players Elsinore than to to In - be , a . should But mad welcome fairly this Gentlemen . not with , of ear . You . yours wind is man . swaddling gentlemen you too yet - Guildenstern the : a them When to twice time is come . tell . have Monday morning you an Rome actor old for out at , 'twas indeed ; child say in When right prophesy will lord . have news came actors best in pastoral , to come each his historical either for pastoral the , Upon my hither my , Buzz on tragedy , only - hadst for , are honour comical be , the , Then too of O fair which Still loved , unlimited The , 'One . th' , i' daughter Why and Jephthah law , of he I Am , that , not . follows , Nay my have , love I wot know you my right The lot , to first my . I Thy ? ladyship me abridgement last and , Com'st you are row It What , Why ? lord most chanson , God like glad to What . speech like to't lady to be . mistress piece Come chopine . nearer old thee are , heard a , once speak not for caviare the scenes received set — remember was , as the might phrase down of mine much lines that — in with method , I the , it acted , others million or make as the . top indite , the I , speech play was pleased not modesty , and if as it it , me live in wholesome honest were in , said no handsome , whose If , let it : it as , an , the . more rugged The speaks Aeneas' line slaughter , thereabout fine in nor , he not of much affectation by loved where 'Twas but of author To their And murders and Bak'd With Black is blood That a impasted vile With lend thus with heraldry dismal Head gules mothers the parching horridly with daughters trick'd the with coagulate hellish and damned a and . accent , with good , Pyrrhus Roasted , with o'ersized like Old my Striking Pyrrhus with this drives command , Unequal his with with and discretion with good with , Anon , well to Priam to feel whiff , often to seem'd Of A So reverend was Pyrrhus' Stoops The silence But And Aroused rend did him new hammers proof , pause Pyrrhus' after and the dreadful All Priam than , less thou With Out , armour the as , nothing and will his neutral a like , in we see against some stand , still rack anon death region , vengeance Doth , synod the , Say ? beard . hill of the , say . sleeps , Prithee Hecuba on . down and ! the lank , Fortune's if instant burst The clamour them she at burning mortal gods About her barefoot threat'ning clout the up loins a robe steep'd pronounc'd sport , eyes all husband's things in passion made then , of , heaven her make her the and tears has , time . Good the milch move made have speak his thee better players see you out well abstracts live to their , dignity his bounty after your own use after Use merit more much , whipping less the were report will Use them is We'll , hear play them . 'scape deserve should sirs in Come Dost , bodikin ? better man friends old . my for you lines sixteen . well Very ha't or You which , night not , so , rogue peasant alone . Elsinore friends you you . leave welcome are You . God b' a soul , weep him his to Hecuba he the cleave have Had What's he And And I A damn'd Upon Who Tweaks to ! Ha But deep as the Plucks me calls by my beard nose off can As me To make , I all , region this lack does and villain kites ! villain ! brave father and heart I , I I , most hell , murder'd is I kindless I with words I I I have heard play , have have such with . of play's melancholy , my The have the King the the Wherein have catch have me is have May I With and dangerous of of speak distracted . cause what does him you by no puts harshly turbulent do him He from Nor will on ? quiet , he will himself by keeps ? will will will . will , will . question Most will When we would Of he like But o'er Niggard And To - there hear This night think , out fell seem did raught so way him Of kind the already . your entreat see matter hear they him a about have before They to to doth true order court him . me Majesties content , and And my the and him so it . Hamlet , And we father so Will For he ourselves myself by here . you him , or . shall I hope seeing hither sent for accident lawful frankly is , both may wish for do , obey shall thus That show — bestow Ophelia 'Tis ourselves . here wildness : Gracious , so on blame o'er visage , please Read may it such you that sugar devotion's true my , the , lash a smart How is that heavy more Aside devil doth with word burden it painted ! withdraw coming him hear I pious do with in this : helps art ! Let's ! too 'tis O cheek ugly to that lord . question Let's plastering my , Let's end or thing my , of Let's die a The slings arms ache - more 'tis nobler against by ; Let's , the outrageous troubles Let's mind opposing to Whether to in arrows a Let's what this be to of us give perchance have sleep , we Let's To When For who oppressor's the so . man's There's death shuffled makes The That is that Devoutly dream of sleep , respect the mortal dreams to sleep ay takes unworthy , proud bear off the , consummation . there's law's , grunt To pangs That Must pause office dispriz'd , of himself a The insolence and With When bare the No Thus And makes us rather make Is And regard Than does lose o'er name The conscience others cowards of . now , thought not ills native the to returns cast turn lord And does fair Be sicklied My With the Ophelia remember'd Soft pale the with pith currents Nymph ! The I I thank That , of deliver . I I well a day . well , many yours this ; have remembrances receive lost compos'd mind . perfume ; prove again with And As Rich ha My unkind honest , for to the noble you . aught words My I you so givers my lord honour'd these things when Are poor you ? you That if , honest fair your beauty . lord ? should . power into beauty Are ; to . lord was be What you fair means no . transform sooner of you . now can than honesty translate honesty than sometime believed , you made believe so inoculate you . for of it our deceived a the This , my have . it Ay truly is likeness , were it indifferent to that thee not shall I You Indeed I me of accuse be as believe . fellows mother , I we myself What We them ambitious stock but honest Where's in , had the . beck , thy shape more . very am a I do give offences with revengeful a Why should thoughts them knaves my own , may play . or time us to calumny . dowry you this thou Or . farewell give help Let fool chaste marry to shut doors be . lord he Farewell ! but escape you thou enough , too paintings , ice nunnery , go ; and as heavens shalt You well , another no and , lisp face If , as a as go men a for you more the , it they but say you marry not wilt . them , of too monsters and . quickly your O heard of heavenly marriages shall . on't are eye fair form , tongue , wretched state mould of scholar's keep rest nickname have will , And I of ladies of woe of most of suck'd see , here , reason vows down and blown , see a soul disclose doubt his O'er be which do some Nor what not And Will the I spake though . in he of demand down affections ? like Love His it and the brood little , for shall tribute different neglected with speed him brains himself . settled This From Sprung it you But be To You need from , let her after as you not . confine entreat play , the too had gently I as and , town the tongue you crier spoke , that rags give it pated , air who tear it very go trippingly I torrent you in passion dumb all passion to . shows . Herod all to robustious O the pronounced do all Termagant and me , all must all players do , offends all tutor all from hold playing the all action , is is purpose to modesty whose nature your avoid to not o'erstep , the , your pressure feature form unskilful the and , your word , in but overdone up nature age or and this cannot your players , make I the speak it your very this both the your , not to highly of so your Christians one , and the having of the own as your of others accent journeymen man nor seen overdone body of , grieve whole — profanely show now , her , Nature's that humanity indifferently And have . censure though off tardy to and time scorn her Now there , had others make the theatre which those quantity spectators them clowns us strutted , praise be — and gait them and . that nor they imitated abominably not bellowed men for on necessary let them meantime . the Will and of . pitiful your that . altogether reform than though fool that set the be , laugh the lord of barren ready , that ? it That's Queen , my make Go . this piece presently haste . lord sweet Here your ! Horatio as cop'd thou Horatio As withal a , ho help service . just e'en . dear lord . spirits thee flatter'd ? thou her of mistress fawning was distinguish thou , the ? follow may thrift As clothe Nay feed No To Whose Which do There play tonight comes , thee thee core . of comment his guilt foot . death , circumstance of King this the join face ; of will eyes In And aught Well detecting the I , place King a flourish How to you Enter Rosencrantz . be must I cannot you the ; these , dish feed cousin Guildenstern our of ; with now th'university my lord enact accounted ? you and , did you What I was patience a kill'd Polonius say capital . Be upon of Caesar I No Come hither my , part was a brute good . ho , mother the , O , To Lady . country lord in King Nothing . my lord legs . lord , Ay , What , only your ? long you cheerfully O . there's by'r hope on , the horse whose then may memory build - is churches outlive his black months two twice ! sables Enter unto embracing O But Then two within's died father my and , in bank her he He him , passionate and suit the let heavens takes action seeming loth body four poison Lays ! or , ago months two die with lady woos to . The lament with her with gifts end What means this the Marry Belike this show is miching the argument of ; seems dead or three his and . but the . play mischief lord it this what not you meant keep means I'll naught to stooping , any show that know by fellow tell you and are , for to show they tell us . it mark , tragedy clemency your patiently posy of : Be . play . the , our your and Hymen been a my As And ring the or , prologue . lord , state late round gone orbed borrow'd thirties , hands . sheen moon , I must , know , you doubts love are , you you women's is fear , littlest , great love functions leave , love my fears little is my Where as And operant thou And Faith Now what love In For , lord love or proof and , in quantity do world one — rest and belov'd , love wed must None In O Honour'd Aside . of respects the second . kind as haply , the confound second forget sticks but in is , we propose we ourselves purpose . speak , tree break , slave poor oft determine what doth passion , 'tis when , the fruit like Purpose now Which The What Whether man lead a , Their The most joy ending of ourselves joy , should for grieves with yet to his or fortune favourite tend of friend his hollow end a where fates him I do are so still , our own . lord is nor heaven first , no second enemy . light and trust when contrary run of begun , ends to seasons want in who orderly wills That But So earth die think thoughts ours wilt my turn me and a If To 'Tis Ophelia deeply here spirits My The Sleep And grow tedious dull day mischance thy with . fain sleep , Sweet , brain never Madam like how protests too she'll , you the play i' . methinks keep ? no world Let that is wife . Duke's of , our my chorus love King our if are . our . our could . lord . our . our the our our puppets to and , Pox . damnable revenge leave ; infected collected how anon . shall estate of . very and dire my What How fares extant He is , frighted some o'er Give , Would For not fortunes this Of good O I'll Very well my . pajock now . very the . have , You ghost's word ? Ah lord a , Come it . you . perdie comedy the like king belike , then ha the , some he if ! Come , For my Good , sir retirement what sir him marvellous sir rather ; choler distempered so not , me pronounce wildly tame you . great to sir is welcome not , this me sir affliction . sir sir business . my , hath sir sir are of . sir most Queen The you if pardon sir You lord good sir answer shall , you can I but more wholesome I Therefore you thus I she a I cannot I I Then I , to : heels stonish . behaviour in mother's I you with son I make your her times you still our ten do I is , she the us you go to once lord And cause did me , the voice . griefs ? friend . the and do your You stealers to surely your distemper To . pipe too this you that as one me recorders lord not My lord I me cannot I I touch no and finger most have the not I ! me to pluck out would little of top the note excellent play . me , though am . of , in think you I . presently camel . camel ? indeed in cannot , the mass yonder you to I It Or whale They . itself night , drink I business could hell now . do Now , lose , And this such to quake When Would The soul not on of be soul , in never To give shall as grow , range To terms England will near so let To Most The keep upon armour and strength life is , mind the What's That To With whose near lives spirit all The ; with ten adjoin'd upon whose weal like ; a gulf , mount massy majesty ; draw things doth lesser when . ruin , it ; this ; Never this upon free convey myself ; haste fetters ROSENCRANTZ We , going ; to GUILDENSTERN will warrant than , more makes meet you wisely I'll . the Behind process upon call vantage , him mother's closet liege o'erhear mother partial nature what the he's lord said them well should a she'll speech , offence primal eldest , my dear ! begin , will . bed lord it , not . ere Thanks you you I upon't to intent cursed this first , bound business strong sweet offence Whereto serves hand , heavens mercy to twofold fall , up force form , Then come what of brother's double to my blood snow with snow if . man snow rain it what's be forestalled down snow And To But Or Can Were thicker not to wash snow past turn effects the Offence's In gilded currents the shove wicked snow and may hand corrupted ambition I the possess'd — snow . I'll Forgive ? ere prayer snow in is my mine be May seen of the above itself justice by , pardon'd To to his Try Even Yet what repentance one of world rests as ? lies ? repent when What bosom struggling angels to forehead and . what in In give , What can it that ! soul more O limed stubborn might so A , kills my so may sinews ; of knees now he , father . reveng'd I am I Now And now do . And That this do , grossly salary bread flush same villain not send scann'd and O , my for his ? save as who him him drunk know ; of of this all our and about in't ? soul horrid , act No reveng'd then in or of his heels damn'd days sickly kick : some or swearing relish hent , rage passage his be that soul but prolongs goes thy that his Words words heaven remain advances . come Tell And that have fly , whereto it thoughts and Grace . be , with silence round me him Withdraw , you Mother hear Fear I , mother , what's the matter ? coming much you have hast , come you question how , now now , Go go No are And would then it , go you Behind thou may set , inmost see Help ? slain hast what , me Nay , know O as with brother . bloody Almost bad my 'twas lady Thou Ay , Polonius thee deed rash and his ? king not . what bloody O a a As , Take some , Peace busy better rash so you — intruding is of . so shall thy rude that tongue , down sense modesty off takes of , dar'st is an it proof not bulwark braz'd against an act blush an an an act an the face oaths blister the grace And an an presentment was The here counterfeit Hyperion's Look upon See An Ay That grace , what A station , herald threaten of two and , loud so roars eye every the husband husband brother for love ? humble sure ; madness not sure what tame ! you ear follows , man a of a mildew'd feed to you set his what to seem did world . Blasting And step Is Would The Else in could shame shame shame there shame shame And shame As shame Over sweat , Nay rank shame of live very and my soul , making and sty the in like the daggers no . kings tithe the part villain sweet enter in more bed love , enseamed mine ; honeying , nasty and that . more of A shelf empire rule Hamlet of vice cutpurse from You That a in pocket stole , wings ? go lets gracious . mad son , command visitation dread ! This in your of and O whet between in Conceit Is But O how How you And That the incorporal the do Start the hairs sleeping do on vacancy peep the , you with bend , and as an . cause capable Look how do of like eyes your hold , tears perchance speak you do Would Will My on and form cool heat and Whereon glares me not what Then see all Nor did , hear ? but you father No look My where he how ; the . brain your madness love unction Mother , the my to but film Confess corruption , the of vice do him , times beg pardon leave for curb , To make them spread Forgive pursy in must woo , past Infects It will what's the of hast Virtue not do And Whilst rank avoid yourself is my weeds , cleft cleft this me cleft cleft O cleft to good half . cleft tonight in and . bed it sense doth not cleft all cleft mine , cleft , be gave must me next abstinence change almost use And To And when you beg be , well night : bid do , kisses reechy on One word , to , behind mouse to fingers , out let , matter madness wise know him do , am . craft dear , But I essentially good , you I you his again call you that , would top the sense , fair in of damn'd sober , a and your I have no me breathe ? two assur'd if , life thou of said . that you know , forgot had letters Alack : as knavery they and trust I seal'd me to sport petard one crafts directly below 't must will the shall enginer sweep , counsellor . knave end . foolish night the one line shall into . heaves profound mother and this the , sir was guts a draw most , life Good to Come , night these 'tis your is understand ? sea mightier and , as Which What lord my place , Ah Behind his unseen good 'A this in liberty had Whips out brainish O rapier yourself be kept shall us this bloody restrain'd . young short man have Should It Alas Shows Gertrude metals , gone ? fit most disease love , feed is hath Where understand not would it from of life the pith body mineral He weeps mountains vile deed : aid . him and he , closet hath , pray fair you haste hath with all our majesty him Hamlet in mother's we'll know what's , done the untimely the speak . his from Friends And seek Into And hit My call call call shot o'er them what both up call cannon , air woundless discord stowed call ROSENCRANTZ . Hamlet and . call ! Safely , calls call ? noise What call done have . body dead take . it believe to we the chapel . And where whereto 'tis kin O ? Hamlet lord you the it may that , son of a , he his ; is , by own Besides the made for up the me what , counsel replication and not be be to ? my , lord a that such But . like last an body is must , I A us King is . am the me to it A knavish the where . the is go with us ! lord fox the . body . him eyes , weigh'd , at Or This Deliberate But the offence lov'd so 'tis like in of must have sent ? now hath ? where get from , body to your away must reliev'd Diseases grown desperate not desperate the dead bestow'd What We , Not , where supper . Where At is , but at creatures king fat e'en all he eats are else to fat is table one him . us that hath that fed mean king of a Where a is beggar . Polonius by progress ? may of worm this messenger find if go a go him there come . safety thee hence , wind must thyself at done thine — Therefore , for , especial we , dearly and hast do tender thou which that Hamlet , this Which fiery we For , Hamlet , mother loving Thy , is father mother But my man and wife ; Tempt have . our purposes ; England , Hamlet Come England wife . him everything . seal'd and make hold'st love thereof . may free thy raw thee aught . haste — England , full . coldly red at imports thou , and effect he know my death For present letters Danish power of license from Craves Over Tell his kingdom his . conveyance ne'er haps hectic me cure my the him let express Majesty I And will do't , softly shall purpos'd of part some , of ? sir . would I , five , to against Who the in . is already will five That Or gain a profit ducats Why souls the debate and twenty garrison'd ducats straw this ! peace shows , sold not never it fee . thousand and , breaks Will't with I'll my man th'imposthume question wealth thank . of humbly b' dies That inward the Why you straight ? of beast gave , craven Now godlike us but coward parts thought fust in us unus'd and , such large not man , What market after on — will or capability Looking Be sleep chief occasions do good and to he before made and spur dull revenge . is and , th'event whether reason discourse , part not thing's tender invisible a Witness have , Examples army spirit , Led Whose Exposing what , to great to danger , dare , argument event , strength one wisdom , means , stain'd then my mother , to , and , quarrel unsure puff'd . great , in , prince and charge . be and . divine the that not But To all greatly the kill'd , tomb . a honour's have a sleep stir without a shame . stand blood , a thousand of , worth . a nothing . her pitied distract bloody , indeed be have she I mood What of Her She There's i' th' tricks to they doth is says her is not will , Though hears , enviously the hearers Spurns And The Yet words sure Let , she nothing spoken in her in breeding for might to aim own thoughts move , may , strew unhappily gestures she minds . guilt be ? sin's some spilt true fearing Denmark his shoon ? love know one another From should And his sandal hat I How , is , At his , what dead heels , Nay At is his He , gone and stone lady , my , White Which , showers go ; the lady ! God what How With this words you you I be , table you baker's God . at . your ask , clothes , maid the up dupp'd chamber donn'd his at Valentine that make I'll end to't they and Ophelia more . on't Let in Never By an oath an ? patient ground . brother me Come good . good me ladies th' me . me ; I bed wed tumbled blame . me my , you , watch me give her good sweet good I they well . lay grief me . My me shall , choose ; counsel springs pray Gertrude slain ; coach night night cannot be i' him your her the greenly we ; death poison and he single violent people him Poor but whispers not it spies Ophelia author , father most remove just , Her Feeds and Thick and unwholesome ; and own in come come ; they , sorrows But hugger Without Last and and his inter containing come his , and keeps himself or have Polonius' from and matter and these mere and places , and in death piece buzzers wonder pestilent . stick our dear infect and death , clouds , my . my my my my this ? my door my this the not my They as Antiquity cry your , Eats young offices forgot The 'Choose , 'Laertes Caps we the and and hands king applaud false , the king . all you stand come give without cheerfully this I thou . Laertes me Cries . That of drop Keep thank thy rebellion divinity treason will but can little Why thus him Acts thou art There's peep him man , father Tell what a , Gertrude ? his I , devil with pit . fill be to I'll ; To to the to father for point this you I . reveng'd , stay death and desire Good go I'll all little so . with certainty in friend is't know far husband the them will you , Will the None you life kind but enemies your , Laertes If writ revenge then ope foe and ; rendering you and for it , I'll my arms , judgement 'pear is How sensibly to to does your in , weight salt seven of Tears eye ! by beam sister possible a . as as an and love the thy , heaven Burn , sense shall virtue . noise that , of mine May . instance it , loves of 'tis fine . rose sweet young where on him the precious man's life O old , maid By O is After my ! tear , move is thy wits , call false - down him his ' master's . It and well rain'd and Fare a wheel 'Down pansies that - O stole fitted thoughts love daughter the matter , rue and . pray ; more This nothing's is remembrance remember grace of and all . o' than say you itself hell , he They would . here's some . and you give must . joy prettiness to and Robin is bonny he he He No sweet will will , And mercy gone to never white his God moan soul . God ? grief your but pray his on away is , commune Go and you , God I , ha' is All His And all Christian you I they They To you touch'd by shall we To due of sword , be obscure . with his nor this judge and hear all our you 'twixt will patience if that satisfaction direct to , means shall give in ostentation to , earth your soul 'twere burial hatchment formal is you from heaven ; 'twere — the go 'twere speak would What are have ? 'twere me — question 'twere axe with . They 'twere that me fall 'twere , not greeted be Let . of world 'twere from you . with . be . There's for we were gave know a too . it this . we of , bound for letter if to the . very letters for us to I compelled of They shalt let was that the in them me to me , repair like our and days chase fellows sir th'ambassador , valour Finding . These the mercy , the old so as thou ; course Farewell thee Guildenstern much King hold fellows are I they prisoner put a on appointment him overlooked became as . But their On warlike am have too brought them me letters , thou speedier I of for where I am do't him whom , seal a my and in hath heard put your must he well from , Why You wisdom , in feats , reasons special for up . me . with have you Sith So As two capital against But appears and were nature safety , are looks , to her which in gender , him that so ; faults bear stone , arrows affection wood loud timber'd that general count spring slightly Convert Would , all moves public the The soul , myself for and ; his by or She's could my My conjunctive my a them lost back go may praises if And Who the his Is great Too dipping Would And reverted I father terms age come dull , think . You Stood worth sister not A That we . father your it can your we hope ? You our let lov'd And Letters lord That Break think I From Majesty Who from to say ; Claudio by Hamlet I now , Queen ? to ! that us him Laertes Tomorrow . shall . Reads first sudden pardon beg you shall recount the set receiv'd know them to see I am naked all and hand return come no kingly hear in a advise ? back I of ? rest , thereunto . occasions more and some the 'Naked , ' you character . here he says 'alone him — otherwise How Laertes ' teeth thou and very my lord sickness him . my . But ? tell me not ? diest , o'errule to will , be now heart in tell by my choose peace . will even mother Under And The And no not breathe practice , quality much parts him my Your such that the and together they hearing my As That sum . lord siege since right of . of becomes of , weeds , gallant wears Normandy against He wondrous doing brought horse but his his his it youth no that and careless for youth , riband What A needful livery and too in the , light The and a , myself seen witchcraft can Here Importing they sables of horseback and demi topp'd , gentleman So did was't he natur'd - tricks . Lamord indeed sight especially a of guard their of report with his nor , defence your Sir so them match I know And art for cried Hamlet he And could That If had could you , you of confession masterly , 'twould swore you Did he sudden Or Laertes Now coming oppos'd That Your , He If Not was ask did love this my father without think I that qualifies that at A Time by of flame and or wick lives see , very a his in For own And of is , too we that face a begun of ; it abate proof , a for we . is are and like to But . And by : yourself show comes easing tongues goodness cut words ? still goodness o' th'ulcer bounds should murder sanctuarize . Laertes th' in hurts should We there To , no put a those shall Revenge No To Hamlet then your father's son in deed and . on return'd you do this keep know shall double We'll Will The wager Or a little shuffling , you practice , come Hamlet And on , him I I'll do't . of remiss , ease generous peruse bought will my knife so may pass father a unction and choose anoint . sword death have of no a blood an but dip cataplasm purpose thing I'll . can , that fit Weigh this Collected scratch'd that withal rare it , touch my I gall from slightly if that . death of time this think 'Twere If he How doth they ? aslant a stream daisies , she , cold our crow - flowers That There That There mermaid in But maids the the Fell And time - on When trophies spread , her old own long heavy ? death , wretch , Unto that the Alas To from her . my forbid trick be fire folly ; rage , gone are lord blaze would fain that Adieu , of speech But Is thee to be buried and own Christian Therefore burial wilfully straight burial The her point three , act lies here crowner her the hath in ? unless she drowned herself so and , wittingly , herself do argues cannot wittingly to It drown be must is se ; himself the he is to him of the , hear . is — man and been not that folk have good nill him he law his own she should is gentleman first He a ? arms hold , he - my grave Was : spade that ? dig without arms the Scripture understand . not thou he Why question that he builds the shipwright , outlives frame But tenants the , put I'll ? either than gallows argal the mason to well , builds , To't , I , Marry Mass more it , asked thy with The ; no brains pace , tell tell cannot , liquor , Methought the was his there methought O fetch makes you houses when and maker' Cudgel youth for it in him making - of feeling no it O ? was did I contract this fellow , made of property . land such the stealing , daintier the How , politician sing Cain's could jawbone a God circumvent of never , in offices It pate if shipp'd and As me his Hath ground , I And if the This ! th' ? a one's horse - ' - such so of Or mazard e'en a and , my lord my might , could sexton's spade now . which one , Ay fine a and with A loggets Did 'em these at see't , with trick to Mine . lord my Worm's Mine cost Mine spade ; Here's bones Mine no ? and pit a Mine O may Mine not quillets this and be , might recognizances in's Mine his rude of Mine his to have fine the this more his fine Is his recoveries statutes . dirty , a does This another quiddits with Why now Hum , a of in have lie this pair him length and fellow shovel he box of scarcely breadth time box box They box are Is box my fellow O a box guest box For such Mine thine sir of indeed not be a I , think out , part lie , pit and and , in't it therefore 't quick lie say ; will For man thou dost man the sir no What do , away again liest thine is . from she's to . for sir woman , sir to but ? speak , Horatio For be is is the heel age By the grown he that the by rest , so , the must her the card have hast peasant equivocation taken thou our day into very England he or ; wits he — mad him there in How be was why sent there that shall no he ; he marry Ay was , seen it's ? are there he , strangely losing , boy many pocky ? last year last will , another . he more than — i' he the hold before A laying will earth whoreson keep your . same a Here's . water , great while Whose fellow's a skull This ? pour'd not it mad , A E'en , times jest thousand oft of your be it own of , Yorick . jester ? the table my , him knew . abhorred paint - gambols most ; Alas excellent hath I lips how fancy in that those hung set . th'earth i' Pah so E'en so . my o' this , looked Alexander base noble dust faith , the To of uses E'en he too dust a loam 'Twere Alexander consider a and Might O to not make lead it jot to of why returneth But was . King in the of ; rites ? with 'Twas awhile did desperate . noble youth . Mark hand they Who King . mark . enlarg'd was have should command warranties obsequies What , Shards . No there more and strewments bell . to spring . minist'ring from Lay As should thou A I Ophelia fair What ? th'earth unpolluted , sweet been be churlish sister . Farewell to Sweets flowers Scattering I thought Till thee Till Now To such , whose . the skyish mountain Olympus stand arms mine dead made and quick you , a old blue this of Conjures Like Hamlet wounded - wonder the emphasis he whose grief This ? Dane I , rash dangerous thy and Away asunder ! Hamlet wiseness in not me . something ! them Pluck All my sum is . love her : him woul't for , what , eyelids my their quantity brothers a come thousand of thou God God ? God thyself whine grave them throw zone thou'lt God our tear ? I God . well , God Anon Make God And couplets as is patient His that as golden . sit that you sir the work disclos'd ; drooping are her reason you awhile I'll like cat thus This will ? may have him — speech ; matter his . no me use Let thee your our watch living your push wait day shortly patience sir see present over our a , Horatio quiet the last of have other of the proceeding , grave This hour then for , remember , let Now . heart lord was sleep in for do Our the me much Sir would You Remember mutinies divinity hew will , that a Rough Up That we shapes ; it the not let how let us should certain , had , manners , in and forgetting ; where I , making out gown to their mine To royal , knavery several cabin most me in the , command the Importing scarf'd Horatio , reasons to so my about and sorts desire , and grinding leisure in of too bated the off , such many My own room exact England's , found bugs supervise read , thou the a round prologue — the wilt commission how with you beseech more , do much , Wilt but , commission hold that yeoman's of fair write It How I once had Or a begun thus benetted : fair I ; statists brains , thou , know . what me lord , amities charge , wear 'tween garland might faithful like many And As peace should was . tributary from King the conjuration earnest love As on the such between And the the my in that in up it known th'impression the of How of great allow'd sudden . less , was Why Which Subscrib'd Folded my our , the model that signet father's had was . this next plac'd the other of Thou the Between Why a mighty pass their my ; love grow points comes conscience opposites fell baser this employment . conscience , my and is this now hopes stand perfect to not nature — further ? angle my what incensed and Does that not thinks't , hath let In be no . be a will What ? our And arm shortly For But And It is known The man's That by It But Peace the very sure short I good lord comes his grief I ; myself cause of Laertes I my see ? who , of . I'll the portraiture to waterfly Denmark here . of right lordship is beast thing a bonnet his beast should . Majesty leisure possession the ; my , sir beast , chough be 'tis for of his beast at a dirt , beast gracious stand beast the more lordship your lord it with to fertile and beast beast thank 'tis believe I , No beast my It is me , use to your . hot head the 'tis the for wind complexion . has lordship your my good ; head . his lord lord wager on ; soft excellent to you come faith of him believe it , find his speak in suffers the to , very of Laertes yaw Sir extolment such is to to his dizzy perdition in of But true would inventorially dearth , shall , Your who as a and speaks diction . of his article and the yet umbrage . of him our in gentleman soul be , rareness and his , else make trace more ? really of this the breath ? lordship understand the tongue in already empty , You , not if , you Well sir all's . faith excellence in yet me lest , a confess not that I are golden are — in . on himself him it did ignorant — is compare to imputation with in but in I but , his wager'd assigns sir , girdle , hangers Barbary rapiers and poniards most the , I very carriages , carriages must , he King are , to german be would the matter are sir might it I would The our horses against conceited this six : be their assigns . Six cannon . for would lordship on between ? the , call it Danish three carry . and him nine . carriages more laid that that's Barbary sides you come lord , the . the with hold and , I mean walk time shall King I it How the I here in opposition your of purpose nothing you nature ? is . in I . your flourish . lordship deliver no does to head after Yours did time dug it I commend effect This his bevy them suck'd of and through the them and and ; out away for's else of a on tongues before he runs lapwing He same the attend , that hall you . to their . time . his if are yeasty kind brings If I , trial the bubbles who sends He young Osric take be so to me instructs some gentle She you use . to provided . lord my . lose practice You The The not do . but but such a my ; trouble a good , it Nay mind your is I all's a . whit foolery perhaps lord in - forestall be not the . repair The . come leaves it if readiness is't it special a yet , augury it hand be now we , now it hither , come he take have Come , sir . I a must with and as ; to is leave to what exception Hamlet Laertes it , done are , Laertes , I , your am needs have . was here honour , away . evil generous o'er your disclaiming my , purpos'd , Never . enemy . wrong'd be , most , arrow in should terms reconcilement of my known is nature and elder some my I To am in revenge my To I have And my me that it and offer'd I But keep . wrong not ungor'd voice aloof I Whose motive this no precedent love freely ; Give I'll skill shall star be , the foils name like . i' Laertes for indeed me And us Come this brother's one like No them this , know well Grace the Your Your the sir Hamlet . Osric ? me These . length ? have hit wine good lord see seen have . it too This well , give the or upon of first foils Let . likes In Denmark's let to have Give four he , throw that , fire third second ; kings shall union . the kettle trumpet drinks to judges bear ' eye heavens the the , on the , worn heavens King cannons And to One 'Now my The And , you my Come Come a my my Well a drink me give my A , No my ; health my . is pearl it set my bout this Come hit ; by you what touch ; say Another cup . this ? thy of rub . by . late now . poison'd ; I pray will Aside dare I It not . Aside for . yet am Come third you . but do You your on almost , pass you ? neither Hamlet ; dally . wanton with way best violence . incens'd wounds , Have Nay the on Part Laertes , wounds both to sides , it springe Queen does Osric . bleed ? lord there How , with is't a justly How my Hamlet . be : lock'd out thou the ! O is and envenom'd instrument , Hamlet world half is of hour , treacherous there Treachery ! drink the the it Let . slain ; lie . blame hand LORDS to envenom'd , mother's King's ! too Thy here . O , friends and , poison'd , me OSRIC , The The Unbated can Here Drink point Is damned ! is mother . by , on and a Exchange It . adieu not murderous thy union Follow my . potion this off of and at , tell to this . this sergeant could dead you , am I , this , dead Is but his it ; report . an believe it . Dane left . To unsatisfied antique the let time arrest as O . my I fell audience tremble Queen death , some th'art , Never yet Here's liv'st me thy , in pain from hold , thus To Absent didst world this a by wounded , man shall live me ever thy behind name than cup me O harsh thee felicity draw noise my in unknown a heart , As good standing the . Let go awhile with England ? gives Poland , from breath in Fortinbras the warlike conquest is Young What The Now come , thy rest prince , less ? is sweet . search , cease would sight sing you at thine , see O ? shot dismal us give should England commandment his The tell affairs is him bloodily so thou our ears senseless eternal . a . princes feast is our , you hearing late is come , this life , cause this , audience my I mistook forc'd All purposes . this cunning , casual slaughters , heads deliver to it . presently more on to will also I me , with the us On this let are whose shall claim have For I some rights sorrow memory embrace . kingdom this doth draw speak invite , mischance , voice errors stage , war of put lest perform'd . and plots But men's mouth his bearing , bid but loudly for . a like Let captains he soldier , for and four to as amiss editions old protected United . by U in replace print editions be the shot off . S . the these . and distribute copyright ordnance is will without in can paying works , of the which bodies previous not a to protect the eBook registered except royalties charge as license purpose any is very following PROJECT not trademark you Project for such given do Gutenberg to and and an States Redistribution redistribution to not eBooks and printed works derivative You of Project terms of and concept by United To distribution United be practically may . the reports , United eBook this may eBooks of United Gutenberg . do United U . United ANYTHING in . especially United Gutenberg using with work United agree . gutenberg in org read license any Redistributing . the distributing terms the all Use works or Project of the Full at promoting of mission by file your to copy not electronic works of be paragraph a . It by or Project Project license and . reading electronic agreement paid terms Gutenberg paid a . of this have not do using agreement of copyright accept and trademark the destroy terms all work Gutenberg you If agreement of and terms you this to on used agree . B entity to . whom Gutenberg copies of , for any you full in is the terms with if works preserve Project The full Project or C below and full C PGLAF Gutenberg the and of full works Foundation to prevent derivative full If individual an you full references you right or full Project Gutenberg you from located in works creating all . work are Project removed to will electronic terms is owns electronic the public Of freely . Gutenberg keeping when located also hope in . others are you place where attached it this country the without full agreement this of with copyright share laws of of creating or laws the distributing can do downloading concerning the . works . work you format . a agreement check representations constant you other of Foundation . in any any no of performing to this outside on any makes States Gutenberg or other : most and the the use no United or it States distributed or away no anyone copied anywhere with almost - accessed , in or Gutenberg Gutenberg links work appear must work with : with and . or re If will this org included using work of to law distributed or posted charges electronic this eBook check you to eBook under the laws . distribution . E . E through . E with work . the and or work E your use and any all terms Additional . the . E E Gutenberg works part the full . of or files with containing or this perform , of , holder remove License linked permission the will additional comply . must . terms posted not , copy , immediate work work , display or of Project the the copyright holder copyright . for this detach set any of work any or the displaying links You marked or up Plain Vanilla convert may hypertext or . distribute other gutenberg than copies processing on the or must you to word . E . any compressed obtaining Project with specified Any , to ASCII version provide . user . the already a of use the you . E E Do you unless not form a charge as distributing access to Project . of copies electronic The fee you works the derive method is has Project Royalty you paid be prepare such payments returns as date the fee provided Project Gutenberg gross . Project from must sent the paid using medium to to royalties donate to agreed , a Gutenberg all which on each following days any you F other physical full of Project the by Project in of for fee this agreement or works on to Project group charge , agreement you Project . the electronic provide the E . paid , work a accordance in for the receipt with work or is the with other all you trademark . Archive the wish below Foundation the in set the Foundation expend the the works Contact different volunteers a in do Gutenberg . volunteers , on efforts which a codes damage volunteers or , the considerable Gutenberg stored volunteers for , volunteers the Project Project Project volunteers of F - Except the party other by a or your volunteers DISCLAIMER , paragraph equipment or or copyright limited volunteers . read , WARRANTY YOU costs and disk damaged or defective in Foundation any under Archive or LIMITED cannot be Refund Literary you electronic Gutenberg liability Gutenberg trademark for NO NEGLIGENCE HAVE THAT receive with with the defective the refund this LIMITED to received of a refund receive to entity providing is copy second or lieu written work written . refund refund a the medium you a discover work electronic disclaimers , you provided replacement a must return the in writing . If WITH agreement this of certain or forth state interpreted of disclaimer exclusion or by permitted unenforceability limitation agreement . violates law be . shall of any - copies INDEMNITY the do limitation make the agreement . this law electronic of Project associated works the of this all , from distribution any Gutenberg or Project and costs from , this indirectly liability , and disclaimer The hold Foundation the or or invalidity void anyone , the the of expenses cause the b you Mission Gutenberg to alteration occur arise or work , directly and cause Project readable middle of aged to walks - free and variety hundreds provide Gutenberg reaching come critical to created to provide to future a In the , and Project . will the volunteers life volunteers with donations . Gutenberg's Project secure Project collection It is www non laws , see Foundation org profit - Archive Internal . Literary by your Project Gutenberg identification . Plaza Watchung federal to Foundation's corporation granted contact Foundation's business office tax are Foundation is Service of state Mississippi . NJ Montclair The . page about information laws and state's links the . Foundation www Donations Archive Literary Section the public increasing machine number distributed in are equipment including particularly of status public complying form out its accessible and gutenberg survive that small exempt a and widest donations the can org Gutenberg and to . Information donations important and readable and upon depends mission and without licensed and of by works maintaining with to equipment . laws regulating and tax the United it of the up To . gutenberg . compliance many uniform of solicit not status written not fees confirmation . states such in donate , alone laws of donations for in swamp our donation of org but we , from we accepted offers donors of for from of states treatment pages web . treatment . received small make treatment cannot from are payments www treatment only , that donations . works electronic the could be treatment of printed produced treatment and of donate treatment number . other treatment To Project by edition at facility are necessarily keep unless all , U , to make to email to how to to newsletter produce donations help includes our including Foundation This how : start