there Nay , You struck twelve I much sick He . Barnardo carefully think Friends I rivals Have mouse ? guard quiet and bid Stand The I you of to this Marcellus Horatio , meet watch . my Say has farewell , A has this thing appear'd . Marcellus tonight 'tis but seen . nothing again fantasy , night seen our . this assail awhile 'twill Tush let That , down once are Well , sit we , Sit against again we Peace The Last two us all from the again it — of . And Marcellus westward , myself , dead one that's When night of burns figure like Mark that's . heaven pole speak ; scholar not , then bell break Thou the It like art night . speak . Denmark of . wonder speak thee . and heaven it away ! not something Before not Horatio gone How ! now What more might mine eyes you 'Tis it God ! this Is , Stay ! speak , speak ! King : true , was he strange Polacks when very the the As thou at , jump . angry ? thyself in on our know opinion my not , state watch ; work this by of eruption and thought to gone ice our me that , knows watch cannon haste . he some bodes , and tell most observant war of implements cast , strict , that of for - can I so to , seal'd heraldry and to of ; with by known those conqueror his Norway of us most our of combat whisper fell His he To by which his ratified Well as the the to For he gaged Was Did Did Which , forfeit Hath And But it doth stomach and list ; our no , other enterprise unto us compulsatory main haste it be watch . And motive our his by So father this - no , foresaid it chief the state , the and those appear in't diet which is strong in land head , of rummage take and this our the other but so think A In stars even And prologue , As in whose As If , Unto harbingers sun the And the Upon Have to the preceding influence But any it If art , any Speak sound . to be voice demonstrated ! where and thing good thee thou , For That , strike at will . stand ! here 'Tis it I they treasure Do 'Tis so , violence majestical show being of the is here 'Tis do We wrong it to malicious air the gone . invulnerable when , thing heard warning , crew a , summons started lofty of And , the that of . his sounding air or to , shrill and earth spirit hies herein , long abroad , high yon of watch the dew , look But Walks Let upon have and in dare night celebrated charm . mantle the heard and so and by seen tonight advice hill time , impart Hamlet we you Let's do't young , As spirit , Do needful us him we shall , Attendant and Laertes this him will , kingdom one grief , and fought with befitted it hath in be green contracted far with we so be our Though That To Cornelius Voltemand Hamlet , hearts now eye dropping with , remembrance jointress Therefore Yet memory The bear To Holding a weak supposal , along better this follows affair to in wife With Our Or auspicious of our thanks , advantage death warlike state , a one delight have late those with surrender to our know all , Fortinbras . frame , out his disjoint of gone , So much meeting : herein message of for writ , have bonds most Who : Out his , his nephew's you Voltemand , levies Fortinbras time this business , impotent this further You To to bearers Giving Cornelius proportions this you dilated King , commend than old and haste scope here suppress our duty here the that to , rid - subject herein His The lists and For good Farewell And now and Of ; You lose You told us cannot , wouldst of some Laertes shall head hand the news Laertes ? Laertes more not suit the is't the thou my be wouldst is The your voice . offer to Denmark have favour lord , to not , asking heart the more of to show To From leave though my . native to , whence now thoughts My my and instrumental throne Dread to . mouth What Your hath Have bow them Upon beseech will his you fair But And Not Hamlet eye for thy a am I , is A now thy and friend that to eternity . common is vailed colour off Denmark , the i' ? you on , thy , thee I know ? not inky is seems . good , eye , suits customary ! madam Nor fruitful cloak mother breath in of of forc'd seem of the indeed denote , truly that show , shows river windy Nor 'Tis If not alone my of play ; the black , haviour I a the your , some in must But To impious most a lost , father That That can are have and but and your his sorrow stubbornness will unfortified his the we what As A understanding his obstinate obsequious obligation , a and heaven grief course persevere , a 'Tis condolement . the his for bound , father a his In must most do his For Why most , his so corse first against the dead , who he We woe father unprevailing ' note to , take us earth of think of throw today , throne , your For nobility let most that toward which impart , in most back fault to , cried common heaven nature theme remain , Wittenberg our you of desire his son and her , for are with no the And I cheer courtier lose Hamlet . intent . us beseech we And Do In is in Let chiefest eye prayers madam comfort you and the thy stay with , best bend obey you to . best reply . best Wittenberg , grace shall again away . today whereof best would dew melt best ! God best tell best Thaw Sits grows it — But That Fie all fie That merely a nay ; dead a might not beteem satyr king the heaven of on earth grown : two ! this this ! woman had , ere Frailty yet appetite fed With little which , Niobe Let two So seed ; it not come face remember I That months winds month a within thy poor she with a Within of most salt the the to ; flushing O dexterity to cannot ! speed come to , good my tongue hold wicked my , she mine reason of discourse more month , father uncle but , A beast no longer Than have mourn'd brother Hercules I father's She married unrighteous to . must sheets incestuous lord servant poor to I The your , from you my that My what Sir , change make you see glad But to in A good you , your , enemy ear your do hear you affair you not truster know of my so no are deep in that I To is would Nor But Indeed thrift coldly I Did Would , I My Thrift My it I think , furnish ever father , Where it it . my , a goodly . for it my it it , seen my he he king . all , yesternight again father he he he he may you let . for witness This Upon Season attent the In Been By his Within thus Appears Goes slow their and at , I And stately and length jelly Where , where But dumb with as the Did made not speak where address methought ? it to lord up like the then at lord And very loud away , our ; true 'tis . duty of let we To And Indeed MARCELLUS and , Both , do , sirs writ think , the did We BARNARDO . lord my From from saw head he in sorrow not look'd he wore his lord my to up . lord more , frowningly you ? saw't . one haste and longer grizzled was It would like Very with moderate it BARNARDO I ? might . itself . seen A I warrant noble hell I my will beard , as I sable have . you assume an , well fare ; all gape . twelve ye as , platform Give I Your My doubt night deeds ! to your visit I'll mine honour still else it will requite I then all assistant as embark'd , And And Hamlet A not suppliance of primy nature favour not do you is But hear sister are you Farewell me Do from ? of more Hold it and permanent in , more more virtue weigh'd himself his And His more He may of wide For for on subject ; cautel loves mind does no more No Think ; more nor will unvalu'd ; but health must more now ; far if Then wisdom he It As he is Whereof . greatness not himself voice your the he And for of yielding his saying main Ophelia your too credent his you your Denmark is no . sister , songs goes place sustain may ear , it , to desire : affection of strokes the , importunity it Too morn their the 'scapes fear unmaster'd honour list his what To with her infants be imminent liquid not and disclos'd lies near . keep calumnious dew of some to , my do then to not my th'effect rebels to itself , Contagious Be blastments galls of this ungracious libertine ; good most of none youth pastors as steep puff'd in fear heaven brother ; father But . heart watchman Whilst the too . And . dalliance . my but Give his ; sail shame your thy in , soul Look thou Nor thou thou thy . no tongue act memory with for and palm of thee thy voice . being comrade entertainment , Beware reserve in , but purse ear th'opposed to entrance Bear't every censure , may quarrel hatch'd not new dull them do - man thine few buy : best the France apparel , For they Neither select lender ; not judgement . rank generous to follow it above borrowing : then , thine both of as , that , man and nor chief gaudy ; husbandry . nor in edge the blessing my you nor your my take I do Farewell canst : humbly invites And Are nor the , remember time The nor nor not , Farewell yourself 'Tis What Ophelia , go . my shall memory And in Farewell . yourself put you , you and must clearly . honour up on tell I free of bethought ; and . tenders you Given Affection Unsifted you between lord ! tenders Marry do not teach . Tender tenders yourself a dearly pay ; should you . circumstance girl made me late of , Of his speak call them ? think , you ; ta'en these the wind you'll call may , to not have the me importun'd true I baby phrase , do . it ; my lord with tender , And Ay Running With When the the to go to light more Giving Lends , blood than , for of at maiden presence ; time making soul . know , woodcocks - both speech vows heaven prodigal extinct fire higher that . something Than a may Than the tongue vows as your Set But of not Do This better I Have beguile implorators dye be to sanctified which you his to give , The would ; come my with terms . they are show , all Hamlet . shall I talk in not mere slander any investments : you for bawds unholy of you As you The you a is you I charge , it an eager you It you near then wont draws struck is What you think , it ; Wherein I I Indeed lacks . walk down Rhenish ? my upspring rouse , and swaggering of his Is to is is't , native I Ay my And in manner , a takes thus . bray and of - honour'd and ; and tax'd headed As , to More This the mind , drunkards addition though breach heavy traduc'd , Makes clepe our and , vicious o'ergrowth for Oft That , us Soil virtues , the down By their cannot pith it wherein in of they chances some plausive Nature's else As that To evil The fault noble own man be general they stamp of one defect grace take , much too that I say livery the — Being the his I Be a and Look Doth with Bring That thee , royal Dane ; why but death the , Hamlet ignorance , call quietly inurn'd we thee ponderous , glimpses thus That Making night again and and corse up op'd thou Hath his saw cerements me Why thy father not again of the disposition our Wherefore ? What souls ? nature do ? To should desire some we in complete moon . did with we ground means . it with no No speak ; then will follow action . impartment to by It Why , to lord the do . go a what you waves It What It Being forth toward , the again a set what my , waves And for Do not And beetles tempt if it And looks very The some That Which some Go You Without more some some some your not some . lion's artery . body cries in out fate each as a ! As Be makes of on imagination . me ghost make I the I'll that gentlemen me thee follow . of obey him state direct ; not issue this He fit to it . the in rotten is Something Whither When My is sulph'rous ? me lead thou wilt to up myself . ghost I what not Pity Alas , art So when . fast to father's ? bound I shalt , thy to spirit , spheres the my What fires night , part to locks combined like And But . hair eyes and up tale of my But stand fretful the stars start house list — list , thy If ears To Like each thy a the and burnt Are quills blood didst Would harrow soul ; upon from be end , to dear ! foul Haste ! swift . revenge thoughts , with and foul most And Wouldst 'Tis given stir itself thou be . this in to , in best it . as hear , youth thy that but sting a so sleeping on than that I Denmark of ear soul ! uncle Ay With that , Mine crown prophetic , that adulterate the to have O that wicked , The abus'd by Is serpent did my So From it made I That To went in whose But to whose a with — was of his what hand in falling power . in in pour stole orchard bed be decline , air in ; vial man , the thy in , with courses effect in of quicksilver it enmity in sudden droppings milk in did ears hebenon . celestial garbage on And Brief But The Thus And juice the leperous an like blood vigour alleys and natural wholesome eager . vile , sleeping my , instant a So into doth the did and . of to my ; sin account horrible unanel'd , disappointed made all Unhous'led With of A of If most lazar life Of Most was of reckoning hast not couch her of . her her Denmark not ; of be it my on but Cut , of the his . Adieu worm Remember O hell ? mother But thou thy ; thee matin adieu my you you grow , earth , near bosom to ? else me ! old not fie ! of And And that thorns sting - uneffectual Fare and And well shows , O from , this bear shall Ay And couple I all All saws That Unmix'd , And But thou Yea tables may and a Denmark be , set down I so my are Now , villain ! Yes volume observation alone woman . damned . there you , 'Adieu HORATIO I , It . Within My uncle I may one . ho Hillo Come , ho lord lord . tell , news What , you'll , secret of . it I my . Denmark ? man once lord . all grave the desire and and every , fit you more — for you man right are us my business and business it tell the , lord knave without but are These so . lord circumstance at part — you part go shake and , shall , that we desire , I'll Look whirling you , may . ghost as desire Give O'ermaster't sorry There's they offend offence by is For Yes , offence , too to are you will and good tell vision let what And , one poor me known but will swear't already I not have you MARCELLUS . not lord . indeed there truepenny ? have lord . in Art my , so fellow thou my this sword my by of speak Propose sayst , on you Consent the Swear Never to you . of your Swear Hic Never to Beneath ! mole ! Canst more Once , my . good this , my is work remove a things worthy my speak but as by my sword my Well my O , old night pioner day And my said before at pronouncing There Than are therefore I , we shall meet you . so some 'We or or list As you With That dreamt , such encumber'd by ambiguous such Or thus could if never on disposition soe'er never or an put odd bear to mercy of ; know' Or grace To 'If That , arms we , t'express on what , ever May With , all your shall out come , born . Let man do I love was And willing joint , him lord and . behaviour visit Of marvellous will his Before you do shall lord me Danskers did what what , in Look . intend . good it make , to said wisely , very who , what and at first I said My , how they your 'I but he mean ' , be well , 'And so please dishonour and you sir , But What As youth . most , heed , him you as know — or drinking drabbing gaming As , forgeries part if't so in are To Ay Faith no would it liberty so faults charge swearing . him ; mind blood . lord good unreclaimed of should Ay , lord you , I sullies working , this would , that warrant my th' , this the 'gentleman' , addition . ' or in guilty , little drift my son , of i' you Mark party Having Of Very He a thing a converse Your youth in The , ' you ever good my lord or phrase and , about this . did ? ' ! 'gentleman ay marry . the in 'closes closes By mass At , He was saw He 'I There then yesterday , and so : in's and the , ' so , Or Videlicet Your a saw , o'ertook , consequence 'I such : enter falsehood we with and of of this a such indirections my . You have by lecture out or house and , My With do takes tennis' him There I , bait reach . not , See of , you truth windlasses thus of such of brothel God have , assays of bias By Observe wi' b' my in lord my I Alas , ply music . so ? now Farewell his head with I his , and Hamlet Ungart'red what God ? been of sewing his stockings all down , had his , gyved his a he horrors for Mad of look loosed his unbrac'd With , My the said I ; knocking each knees , and of o'er of . draw As Then goes such hand the me took it At by to his thrice He As He did . That to so shatter , mine he all without without will ecstasy is Come , out go This Whose That does As the of seek head his heaven desperate fordoes their bended me very to . hard any any will property of , King . undertakings under passion way he I I go , am afflict good , No I What have repel letters sorry ? judgement . made fear'd he to in , grief known hide , for . to opinions . love . to kept we the hate our younger go . ourselves I hath . beyond discretion seems . to not More . must be . This To than , much did to you call inward it nor ; I and that The Our Moreover Welcome dear we So than Resembles More That , being of death . of thus , living , youth his to pleasures by in here so occasion unknown lies to he To show to the As power . command , of have to Put Both remembrance thanks entreaty into obey , feet you , more king's receive majesties a visitation Your by give Rosencrantz and service at , Guildenstern . Go gentle gentle freely be too Thanks Thanks much changed beseech in both ourselves , you some him amen , return'd good my Norway . the lord Are helpful presence our Pleasant Ay Th'ambassadors ? Assure lord soul , hear of : liege my to you good of found . in feast . have so policy else my hold my . th'ambassadors that queen , your , he main marriage but son's all sift shall ? Norway desires which of , hath , from our good other Polack the , hand in sickness into your better His Say It be Most To Through it That With So And at It and employ to commission as As entreaty of are On such Why Were is day , home feast : noble for limbs the be What nothing Therefore And will ; define but else true , madness mad son and Your but but brief it is't call Mad I What I use to to , liege My tediousness I day . less at art use pity , art no A the , let effect I mad ? art matter foolish now no , be nothing 'tis 'tis . figure . thus remainder have — Who Hath have I it Or given in For we us it grant out cause remains effect defect . is she , mark mine beautified ? phrase ; Now obedience whilst the and , duty , the Hamlet her , this me ill I But at best this best I a I him . liar , have , to , means by to mine time my daughter machine believe reckon , fire these to truth , Ophelia dear how hath . love me But a . on might . and , solicitings me show'd , here what me desk seen do given had dear daughter told your this upon play'd , had it so prove fain If Or , heart my Or I my mistress thus No young my you look'd be not Before I a love or mute - dumb , you might winking idle sight went table , should no done And Majesty I , into lightness a repulsed , a the a watch And Into to madness sadness then , and , into short fruits no my make , weakness , fast ? this all think you it circumstances it lead were that ' know so I'd said Not That from Where I have ''Tis indeed this I know hid . him indeed her fall'n from So loose my arras not it walks an then , to love I his encounter At I'll no , reading . state carters wretch . it a will I'll Excellent a How Do well Away Then would Not . as , this you were . are You I know me you , sun the That's For Honest world breed thousand . kissing carrion you , a daughter a Still a words first And . this gone How not walk her was daughter was me What mean was I , was is Words again said Aside harping extremity read , my , he far . was . I I to was fishmonger . He is love for do was suffered What eyes plentiful though to it hold hams potently with , should was , have , that sir Slanders plum yourself sir most you Aside All that they grey slave are and ; yet , are that you believe weak gum ; beards tree I this old . in't — method lord sometimes reason which daughter . part there he . you save Polonius Hamlet Guildenstern both Rosencrantz excellent My . Good in On Fortune's that Happy are cap are My the Nor indifferent live the Then you secret Then ? O But . my , What that you good you to sends news friends is not true hither we the in or , Fortune of which in ; goodly she , my , there th' many are being then Why , there think none it is nothing one is so world Denmark the We makes it one it ; narrow I that a ; me nutshell 'tis too very shadow a the of but and light a of count , quality is it my . For ? you GUILDENSTERN . for and ; and monarchs and no I you servants and ? But attended my and And at other and . sent . Elsinore . thank you you with . in you beaten visit you an I To most dreadfully , is . sent Queen have modesties for my , come a were ? sent have the my not for you of a proposer were of rights obligation whether better by sent Guildenstern even direct with you say of , Nay . withal preserved , be must you , you I I to you and will have My shall lost to , roof , off we , goes so all sent were anticipation look with foul brave congregation this , forgone disposition ; o'erhanging , custom how that of this it , express god action of me like , to , how man , how how , delights no was such seem stuff there , your smiling Man apprehension than to work form and you when in offer be welcome to We said . man — they from receive hither , are , shall end target in th' part are shall players mind laugh humorous service the Lenten and tribute ; shall , entertainment not tragedians of the the whose delight I 'Man delights sere what , Majesty ? they delight profit they to lady wont shall shall say . travel chances How Even , those you the clown not comes the better city Do by I , No I were same it Are they they so aerie keeps their , and afraid rapiers are most the in ? Do that - now out wonted are tyrannically of are they comes How it common children . eyases goose so little so quills pursue like What of , if means exclaim quills to , they clapped quills and call are on but pace , quills the ; are their and to went in quills succession How thither ? is wrong quills for the money while 'em dare players no quills grow no if sides their common writers , nation ? not carry been Do has much , bid to the both There Hercules is uncle while ducats do strange him for possible . they would very boys that the mouths in at a , away and , could come me , find , twenty give forty . 'Sblood Elsinore must You deceived ? lord wind father the Elsinore are Elsinore north mad . Elsinore are entertainment tell with Elsinore , southerly is , Elsinore yours comply which , ceremony I than Elsinore , like handsaw . a When . I . you west each at not and Well hawk from . you twice time be with there , news lord prophesy will , to . have is . an Rome his . Buzz I sir my poem , historical - writ liberty nor are individable comedy lord my — tragical only . for , heavy These came , of judge Jephthah , law pastoral best , too . Plautus too the ass tragedy , had treasure , what my a Israel Why Still . Aside on and treasure ? lord light , men ' , daughter not more no passing not Jephthah me row first It came to as , then I , follows , by What The welcome thee and you piece of last are all . a your be not of altitude , the speech Come We'll By'r ? heard thee once speech What . it but my , once in such , whose play , to't straight a have speak above not , cunning affectation remember I the me a the play , I never not others million make as it your me indite modesty pleased mine as in as , as , see Pyrrhus . If let — and method the no I of the horse it with an much , Head the in as rugged Pyrrhus purpose more dismal the whose to foot , resemble it night it it , of it ominous begins let Priam's this is begin , it The It it complexion daughters , wrath streets it . total , Roasted the mothers impasted their With seeks hellish a a and , Pyrrhus gore Priam grandsire o'ersized carbuncles , the light and , and , flaming falls sword good discretion to his sword . his rage Unequal where , him finds at too Th'unnerved Seeming base ear . blow . falls to But Pyrrhus at Priam drives and this Priam painted to often winds bold as as in the Aroused Doth On And remorse Pyrrhus' bleeding proof Cyclops' a after and dreadful orb stand region never Mars's thou a The But the And As Did the new than falls , away her you gods from her . long the on down nave This on shall barber's tale of bawdry , hill on . say sleeps Prithee on , on for Break the on good 'Mobled is . or — come heaven flames come head clout A down mobled ? come that come steep'd . Hecuba ; on Say come Who had , rheum and stood o'erteemed , malicious tongue venom up , come . treason themselves saw mincing But A her bisson late About blanket come this Where With Run things clamour sword Pyrrhus with her , and the When milch heaven limbs in have see that them of burst out , his mortal move the no you turn'd have Unless . have see for your well will where The In made And speak abstracts will they players the My used colour the death , every man . in desert honour after them . after is in own bounty and . man they Follow me Dost Ay . them Use sirs old hear We'll , lines dozen sixteen you not ? need lord play study You night tomorrow Ay well Very . To ha't would set a I for . and or Rosencrantz are lord . it what God a her his not force so his wan'd a in soul his Tears eyes voice to , he for nothing suiting aspect all this his visage in's all he function tears passion alone . I player dream And that monstrous rogue a broken here , of do , horrid What Hecuba the And very I The he he Hecuba have should What's That That Make Like A Who calls blows lie ? cause ? gall it me i' , is , This , cannot in pate coward my for , lungs pigeon make To As Ha Remorseless I With have fatted Who does ! I : it liver'd bitter A guilty by Have the creatures I like and murder'd , I words , I brave father by am ass an Oh the to And That About fall I Prompted like , Must With I For I Before my the . I'll . the power , seen , heard have I ! brain struck They , though Been I'll Out of devil me damn very my tent May T'assume he to this . my yea that ; perhaps hath my The the like the quick spirit uncle to and , and potent pleasing why circumstance , play's of . distracted speak . quiet of confusion days his cause Get And you this , sounded , lunacy means keeps by we state confession dangerous he his him on to some be no a you a question assay that Of the it you free a . a disposition , demands a . a . They . play Majesties ; the my To hear and me true entreat inclin'd doth a me delights further have to see beseech'd This And of hear And To , and so it much matter your content heart all We gentlemen his , my on to leave that ourselves bestow father he seeing . their may so gather by , his , he suffers you , I , us accident myself closely Affront he That encounter may virtues your hope the I obey part wildness bring , walk That We Ophelia — ourselves bestow To , again be . do cause Madam will harlot's How The not a cheek Is is speech doth true . thing burden heavy ! O , that . We Your Than we that with o'er devotion's blame in visage lord . my conscience ! give too 'tis ugly the that helps . painted word it , withdraw mind to troubles , of To ? them arrows in nobler and slings ; to of , outrageous — the , thousand question die sleep rub , law's man's and of us — die , sleep consummation , delay weary whose will , something a the of love proud life mortal coil spurns takes , bear we the of country the The makes fly does those puzzles make No And Than thus to The oppressor's The rather life would that native pale of thought pith of cast not of moment the with fair The And of others traveller and dread under us your many a . thy orisons well , this my honour My longed I thank , Soft turn now in and , you awry well , them yours , gifts made the them , you words lord with again honour'd And My Rich and honest you means honesty fair ? lord honesty . than with no your commerce better beauty your to have admit the bawd my a to ; stock but I thee Indeed not indifferent ; more imagination in ambitious , in . to revengeful them were them better thoughts ? arrant are What , such all mother a Why was . put fellows as us but Farewell he own At be Let the shut doors upon , in's . Where's thou them thy Be . To marry . escape of Farewell if thou plague ! dowry calumny you you , wantonness a your but . To already me amble mad , fair you enough , it eye , mind shall more yourselves make you heard I'll more ; the Those as that , keep soldier's , and no to will . face , have , The And That That seen what with unmatch'd sweet T'have Like Now O , The fashion of I , suck'd bells noble out O way tongue , of the and most of like O'er not And affections I see the Blasted ecstasy have His spake be I on the : to , little , soul tend form a disclose brood his something melancholy the which England heart What puts his , prevent speed tribute different to quick : down For demand of objects settled still beating countries you now you please , yet do grief said , fit origin need it you hold , conference be show And Of great It fit in it queen fit must in shall fit not unwatch'd . go . think him him alone all , fit their his grief him fit ; If . to , air very must to acquire you , tear a who to , too I had shows . and It the capable may give split whipped fellow , passion me Termagant the the offends groundlings be with word Herod Herods would have that word neither overdone , the too is was of purpose you her virtue , action observance now not Suit Be the - I , I feature own and is o'erstep tame out . the playing but let the of end mirror image the your laugh , nature speak the the that not bellowed . and be must one Now pressure the O there nature the to , unskilful which cannot whose up to both , as her and form his hope it down indifferently them some on And . too more than laugh considered in the be , themselves seen heard nor journeymen imitated of pagan , neither some have set O we altogether set meantime uses King Will fool now this that , hear , my ? presently a of there that your spectators them play quantity For . That's the though the two Horatio ! my , ho , service . lord man . lord conversation e'en your . my e'er As do hast think candied crook No and For a . just as may clothe my Since Where , thrift And dear men . election mingled are Dost of tongue let ? Why pregnant follow may thee , fawning mistress of , for For that Fortune's thanks and ta'en That Hast Whose heart's is That I my blood they In Which mine As , when the uncle itself Observe There scene of it comes near the circumstance playing , this is the Polonius idle , and pay will 'scape And I stithy And march Get , the , will , How flourish fares King Queen I , of , No now these Hamlet others . a you Enter Guildenstern the play . I must be air you the capons words actor , are play'd good a ? lord : cannot chameleon's dish was To Polonius Hamlet this th'university . once not . Brutus Capitol calf ready was . your ; they so kill'd i' . upon Hamlet dear , my lord hither , the . lie in ho mother my here's , No To King , That's fair my matters lord What is Nothing merry Do I , lord do man looks my . a your - You are my should . two the my maker What lord . be two Then But O O life yet . for he merry ? suit ' , then epitaph his outlive ; memory build her , the body The some , pours Mutes poison King four seems asleep must man's may of . carried , The makes King's Anon him unto him He of the dead loth his of of but in again of is and of , end accepts She . woos seeming to Poisoner his off takes action the Belike is ; they'll counsel mischief ? play . to show keep lord . the argument tell this meant ? players . cannot all ashamed , not Be show are naught For naught . ring ? the , love . posy for to your beg Here a , the your 'Tis world salt thirty Tellus' Phoebus' times wash dozen with sheen thirties did sacred twelve have , count o'er most commutual hearts journeys you and . ere love be and moon done holds fear neither what That So , Unite love And . late , of I , sick my love , aught lord Yet cheer love , distrust , or littlest the , hath are shortly : behind as kind to doubts fear so is grows do . world haply shalt treason rest me who husband needs . respects Aside second love thou operant their Honour'd And , For , kill'd be the confound first the marriage second must be but the wed Wormwood let In instances A Are , poor to oft what slave , now you memory validity determine think husband we break tree is that the of Most Purpose This Where world joy most , nor 'tis not destroy or grief doth in ourselves passion The is even a fortune , question lead else to change strange ; lose themselves on us his of never Directly and a him end But That in who For And Our But thoughts when repose no their fates ours give anchor's thou orderly not needs wills who Our our devices ends are so run , own first nor wed overthrown thy think die me I Each Meet Both An what here and opposite Sport earth To If To Ophelia deeply , blanks pursue would sworn grow day with Sleep . dull tedious she , brain , like protests play , word ? you Madam Have you the jest but argument , they keep her in't poison O heard do no shall , This see 'tis that jade one is my unwrung not see dallying . love keen lord the . King the . could off my . murderer croaking leave . you take edge damnable collected weeds usurp fit no blasted , time and , magic wholesome natural thrice and property thrice dire immediately infected Thou , Come — the else written murderer gets choice Italian Gonzago wife shall . anon how see . The , His story . o'er play ? the The For Why ungalled watch Would , Give me some the hart must , was ? here rest my the Provincial of in fellowship a and two a . Half a me whole A dost , very rhymed I O know realm Of thou Jove very dismantled have now , reigns . a lord thousand Didst ? of well the , likes not not . Come it a lord my , Upon did some , The , Is retirement Good Sir , in his , marvellous ? with purgation , rather distempered , my discourse to Ay drink lord With , from frame , into wildly am tame him should for my I , your into put The you ; good , please my most your me this lord not and , do hath me is not will return , of , But commandment if a Make you but . My say as , mother matter the to . or your so : stonish thus Therefore Sir my — mother answer you sir , sequel you me further any . did pickers of cause deny I your upon door that be my obey , were , succession grows is — sir How so do your still , by lack if lack is what in my if lack O the recorders lack do not if well lord I lack cannot , be one lack , duty as would see me I , pray Believe My I know no easy I do I govern , my lord I ventages . discourse with . you it , these breath as you Look : any to how would seem would , me ; mystery and cannot I unworthy is there ; give as 'Tis , make played be fret me , play instrument you , a now you skill command utterance sound music . me you my me cannot what sir , know from thing my look much speak bless By Do the mass Methinks you in like it , you come will bent mother Very whale by and to . me the will come like . a a like whale I a a a by By a Contagion Would O The heart a be lose of Nero thy . very time a . of drink the , nature bitter . is by yawn easily and quake , and breathes hot mother . use . not my consent words To give them seals soul daggers me look , to stands range somever in not enter not but be soul Therefore prepare you us it dispatch endure . provide ourselves along estate his doth it is safe . mind peculiar single holy those religious Majesty from The To and . near That keep itself many ; alone not To What's it but whose ; armour many your draw doth of The the summit it . annexment huge . The of on . like . highest lesser wheel a falls . this general . us footed this Never ; which of and the King . Arm lord , We will goes GUILDENSTERN to put haste his free upon , you Attends pray too , with but will My meet as hear the arras wisely audience going he's process I'll more them . tell bed should tax , said him , lord to , dear vantage that makes said Fare , my a it myself to Behind Fare ere what . not upon't smells I go . eldest Pray Fare offence hath brother's inclination stronger man pause a Fare stand , Though know Fare heaven , will as sharp Fare neglect rain in this sweet brother's Fare , my ; it bound Whereto blood ? the this visage snow forestalled ere prayer in confront white not thicker My be Forgive O me the am ? past But it than . to itself What where ? But ambition retain and my possess'd murder I th'offence corrupted crown oft 'tis the true is There In my of ! repent ! free black to angels Help ! engag'd state it can . and , 'tis not this ? itself prize of , above action , assay Make strings born when All ; knees when Art O O Yet stubborn when , bosom struggling he he now do might Now And when soft when I'll as when limed that , Bow more to that send ? villain salary , blown , I save May ; not , No : hent ? reveng'd then his his in horrid course full of bread , act heaven in't salvation may be as heels , And Then As When But in he he is Or in , or his his , or pleasure days mother sickly . advances , to thoughts up When relish of about some black and My thy prolongs damn'd remain never , stood to home silence me screen'd e'en , him with between . to Look . have hath too him mother coming Fear not Withdraw , I you warrant , Mother He Tell Within him that , I'll Now , thou what's matter offended the with mother hear much father idle . now matter ? the , Hamlet ? Have me forgot now . tongue are would it brother's are budge , may not , then I'll so your inmost wilt ? Help thou Where You and wilt Thou What the were you not , Queen , Nay You , you go , How rat ? King help help , slain dead now it Is thou ! this with bad deed and As . Almost marry As deed a rash what I know . what hast kill and , wretched for , some , busy made have not your to of custom it And If me find'st Thou took I Polonius Ay thee proof , thou me of so is wring your too . penetrable stuff I better against an noise blurs In it . is Peace , heart bulwark be , takes off the , vows , tongue deed , marriage of ? a love an . from A And Calls so As very a virtue From The With Is Look tristful Yea the rhapsody body . words visage sick the makes , on , picture this grace was , me That Ay roars , upon here The what See curls like lighted A Where Hyperion's To New every combination a the love this moor the call cannot - And Would , This , Else , sense To , could you hey And , serve in reserv'd some ? tame , blind ? blush is one ! all was't sense , err not would motion quantity What devil that you ; feeling , or . Rebellious in virtue be as wax no shame , part matron's , the , Proclaim burn . no eyes speak ardour fire reason compulsive own let so but without sickly not Ears thou melt When her canst Since turn'st O frost as into live enseamed an of corruption rank As I but And Thou Hamlet In Stew'd in Over speak like A but your slave but to bed but , making and honeying the but shelf it No but a in kings empire empire stole , part and precious diadem ; with would . empire empire , empire your me and shreds empire and ! Alas come time acting dread lets visitation This on mother thy almost . thy amazement , look O Is That , he's important not whet her , Hamlet . works strongest in Speak you soul sits purpose . the Alas is step to and eye on air spirits in your how , do do soldiers your ? discourse ? fighting wildly with is't And you bedded and cool On with Your Start Would make stern effects piteous , flame O the end , His Will on him Sprinkle My with whom To colour form Lest you ; nothing nothing but you ! now habit as he at Do Nothing all Nor , there at the . ecstasy your . portal . away madness which love word the of to place speaks . heaven not is - unction my , for to soul me Mother flattering trespass but will That It Confess . what's the spread past Infects Repent Whilst not Would I I makes And O Yea curb thou part pardon to heart of mine to not go purer away hast woo O live But the you all yet and this doth angel actions in eat the have tonight or . livery easy almost And With That that the . beg more Once , devil are potency change abstinence the use blessing And For To And either habits can next you heaven and and , of desirous . put on a or stamp the The kind lend this be cruel and , word him . hath minister scourge their will with answer be , remains to again worse , begins I That The this the no means tempt to ? do good . behind lady I him kind . mouse you you , your by What that more One Not For Such mad Make paddling And But that's a , 'Twere . to , King ravel hide paddock from ? Who a fair good am but Would To Let from from from the of from to must assur'd life thou so you from , if , break I said , in and from on , birds Be And breath I had 'Tis Whom seal'd mandate to own his marshal me And forgot I There's letters bear They This lug Mother Come mother , secret most into Indeed , directly 'tis their have to moon two neighbour and me in , draw to still was sir Who most , You son fit a we . There's Bestow your this these , them while . mightier the is the What us understand These profound heaves little threats deed ! good so had And unseen this rapier sea Gertrude there ? of our love heavy O been The full , this to us , is been ! ' kills , disease was , restrain'd how liberty , us His To you will would But pith from young We have divulging kept short laid But was much fit most foul divulging of , divulging It man . Where like He a divulging life , let is base skill and our the weeps the divulging mineral for metals madness come shall all and divulging some with you , countenance Both divulging But hence hence We Friends hence we The no , hence Gertrude ship will sun hence madness join with up diameter hence friends mean haply world's untimely them closet fair our in this hence . body the slain and done cannon to his . discord O . and miss poison'd the hit Transports As And let level the the , whisper what's My Whose And is . thence whereto may chapel ? it . we it the to what and can I a sir that , Take the the his up me Believe . he mouthed in ? a to his end : son be king , the King's for counsel keep of replication ; authorities them of I A tell lord you glad the with , is it . knavish speech sleeps and body , in the corner lord a foolish shall gleaned have be you sponge , where am I . nothing A , him sent have I Yet must thing , my lord and all . like not lov'd we put the judgement are all . bear desperate appliance desperate now But And He's of it that , sudden Deliberate Or Where pause sending must , weigh'd and , my get body How but their , at ? where We dead at But , my before Bring at , Without at at , know . pleasure at to lord he is guarded Bring where's ! At eats , e'en he at else creatures all fat king worms Not where fat but to to and alas and service we and . but are one your Where ? emperor A Your worm that dost thou eat hath fed , king that of end a hath show thither to Polonius him not into the him find as But go by What this him . In will , th'other Send seek quickness , hence you must prepare everything England . Hamlet Good , Ay fiery we this , Hamlet For that . thyself ; if sees So cherub . But mother Father ; is a . so flesh , mother that them Thy and ; England . hence Come , wife . him , on for everything love th'affair hold'st at wife and man done . haste — red at that . imports it blood ; awe free mayst which thereof process of , For And The present like the to Pays my must sword thy yet the Danish , Hamlet in I my joys that him Craves Over Go , by conveyance . Tell his express our would of By death thou . If greet his duty know do't , so aught Majesty powers are I the We his kingdom You him that with eye ? Good Go , are nephew purpos'd How the The to in We go to Goes for and profit , I frontier of , it ; the Norway to ducats hath it That ranker then , pay th'imposthume dies man breaks souls will not Pole fee defend or in the sold and debate . lord , you sir before little ? my go you wi' not Two That his chief What inward b' the God Will't occasions do inform straight a beast large no is more , discourse . and time , us and be and reason some on , and and to quarter'd , three thought yet , or not know and part , exhort thing's I and , but earth prince say it do and — whether Now say oblivion Bestial Of parts thinking say ever And A I To say all such as say cause Why say Excitements let The say thousand be puff'd ambition event and Rightly kill'd father stake of sleep a greatly to Even for Is the , a tomb O like fantasy enough my How quarrel to at But not honour's great , argument to and have , And cannot , nothing time forth , twenty death imminent That hide To My slain not or be Which their graves numbers distract be , will will ? be pitied hears in at , doubt beats she move nothing have ; says ? aim they speaks use ; unhappily may . them , is her heart , things Her fit to doth speech their , yield . amiss great love ? soul seems to is to prologue in fearing some . staff know ? And shoon mark . song you , what pray imports , green but his At grass . mark . as shroud Nay stone look my lord mountain snow . Ophelia turf — Pray White , here sweet grave love to all , How bewept , we God , but the may . your . when they Lord did flowers ? a you , pretty owl upon we showers know Tomorrow All up he Let Then is Saint Valentine your betime maid a . your ; this of means no , say , words have morning Valentine's at and dupp'd rose the maid a door donn'd the , out maid And An would You hadst to . if , thou if Young By , to if Quoth it . if I you to come not if weep of night Follow her if ladies sweet for i' give O grief it th' her good ladies so they How long . would lay cold good coach good shall choose Come night night I pray you springs father fair or as France , greenly whispers and done are herself his , own death from Polonius' remove just , hugger we not , inter and ; unwholesome her and him . have we judgement clouds beasts , from come keeps ear , death infect his . to Like a ear ear murdering dear beggar'd , in death my my , Gives noise list more of lord his riotous head , lord , him , to begin , they false you false tongues 'Laertes cry Antiquity They Than the doors are you all . ' . Danish dogs . broke , counter The Give , good O . the will come . in , me calm the mother my That cuckold me between my unsmirched the it . can his go — man , Speak incens'd thus of . will but Where is such treason art thy go There's That Acts thou Let Why little him I'll Vows grace allegiance . To this ! stand pit blackest the , him . my father ? demand throughly my for Who father , reveng'd devil . with juggled be to only to profoundest be I I , to point the negligence Laertes father's Of That If dear sweepstake for And They with far go Good shall , your friends Repast , good you - Will know To And like of level to your in your in . judgement come . it you now Why for gentleman true a her death , her your to sensibly ! her How , her out dry heat her Burn , the maid her heavens bore Nature Should Dear our heaven my up scale O be as is't , in as . shall O sweet possible kind Till fine the They his Fare you well grave non Hey many , nonny him , O ' remember , thus persuade . a steward than more remembrance ; thoughts that's love ; you . O give I . daisy of died say you and . here's must made as come death , will Go he will to he not come is will no white again poll . was was thy dead hell , again bed - never He beard gone . soul away right your but friends you , wi' . God with God is he moan pray . O , will and you collateral and ; patience me judge your and , satisfaction give we means Our crown you Let And Be , deny of touch'd , lend to it shall They shall they No noble , rite , must I , as you nor formal , bones fall in ostentation to your is where To this hatchment o'er ; 'twere you speak I pray the me ? me with with in . And So you . Hamlet the for come would Lord have they letters world of . for it am was him thee bless There's bound too England for that th'ambassador and't as King sea at the grapple I became of a . thou when , Horatio , him , sir from , shall 'Horatio Finding ourselves They have if know this . him , these compelled on They . death ; I sent fellows letters I am to I have too fly : them may your much have . have did they they good These tell knowest have He brought , knowing a noble your hath acquittance that way that I from for you give you which life . But these in so things , ear friend seal , all , Which As You proceeded my capital and crimeful your two strong , seem The and other The but count , him , motive , bear in turneth so loud so for wood to bow that gender ; slightly the virtue My But yet to me they are looks my Lives or the not I Is Who Too I I had again age , lost may of . challenger worth A praises perfections sister have have Would not driven on for You the , arrows stone affection their faults that reverted his Whose And if father lov'd think can pastime , You let her That made . a my so you ? Hamlet must shall stuff we shortly be flat not shook . them saw them not , to this your , From my were Sailors , shall Or What should mean . I and abuse him Of and 'High asking , mighty Tomorrow 'Tis Hamlet's you come the your rest set naked When ! the my ? thing such 'Naked character postscript . says ? sickness tell very to the thou him lord my you Can in it diest the live warms I a me he here the 'alone him ' the . come ' the ? How Laertes ' advise return'd and o'errule my so how So Ay you Will . If rul'd so , teeth his 'Thus it peace undertake it no death ripe not wind it mother he , in shall accident now breathe fall ; him work he device but practice choose I be he shall uncharge will could rul'd my , organ falls Hamlet's you sum parts . such , since of pluck that one that did they say not , hearing It if , That And Wherein Did together Of . it be might You have very riband is that the for careless the youth it , this , gallant since weeds becomes , French the — wears , lord of , thought horse , and . did ? tricks my natur'd seat , horseback He So he demi unto and he what Norman A Norman indeed . most of masterly your such confession of well know And be . motion , 'twould you match . them neither so could Hamlet nothing he Your If one Laertes are What out o'er Sir envy his painting know I think Why face father dear ? this not flame of by father your did I And But Time within spark love sorrow , still a That for delays as 'would' many are , this that ; accidents do changes would pleurisy and lives wick that I that should do That i' your is goodness . growing we own And yourself than in ? Laertes good no . excellence , chamber you , put on And The We'll No you Hamlet return'd know murder are keep double varnish close have do gave a generous on set And sword A it mortal So Where moon And , and free ; a your . my mountebank , fail should . performance means think And second , let and time through shape of this Therefore convenience further Let's your that . thing have I'll save my slightly . see but whereon venom'd stuck , sipping , have that and , me might hold — cunnings you violent bouts your ! ha't he by One sister's . a hoary is Drown'd ! a shows leaves the where There There How Our chalice A , purpose If they That flowers give a weeds . purples stream make long , them call and , shepherds , garlands willow his - And Which like chaunted , her to Clamb'ring that the in - the down . time Or element . trophies and , indued own snatches like she one that her poor But her and , Ophelia poor holds is , would are yet ! do to Gertrude When . nature , douts ; calm it follow her wilfully when I I Christian let's will this be unless that she is buried hath thee she to on herself perform and here make three she , The straight so be it act the him is come if But Argal not the water the , wittingly to is drown se I . leave man , drowns . he good will he his law . not , Ay not go me Will ha' marry himself lies and drown this But on't been have this — mark . Why , countenance Christian . this my spade the - And grave . buried . drown gardeners Was , world If out is't , even , makers thou makers , makers Why What , Scripture question makers . thee says to How makers had dost he answerest thyself me Could heathen to the mason , makers dig not stronger builds or ; the What gallows . the the thou well to those in that good does wit stronger is like well the faith than Go either maker ? to than do . mason tell a and shipwright ? a thou , does a But tenants to may gallows dost Now . gallows thousand argal ill builds Who gallows well Marry Ay brains with pace Cudgel , me cannot tell I . now , I it are asked dull me when , no and more he houses Mass about did methought there of feeling no business , meet . that a his - him making nothing , sweet , love little of employment it in with But made grave O Methought it was very my at . me steps been never me in land hath the . stealing the How did this it knave now ass might the lord could would could politician which the clutch . a , 'Good say ? Or - one's lord to th' ground might ' a in as be that be when to meant he my . that we and chapless ; fine ache , it knocked , breeding the How dost , no spade to is shrouding of for - spade a and pickaxe A , be that his skull cases now to , a made be . lawyer and his Where him knock not , fellow dirty another quiddits There's his his . statutes . a shovel the fine his in's , he , this be suffer quillets this his of pate purchases fine his and ? no this box ; must fine , double vouchers the about knave might Why . Why with Hum recoveries , more breadth lie have , dirt recovery his ? his himself skins vouchers , conveyances the fines double The . inheritor to a such clay for - my out Whose which speak O , a pit , thine You lie be For of , sir , be , out part to , I lie in't thou thine , yours in't yet 'tis liest is meet from therefore is dig for thou it will ; man , for not dost in't not it quick no sir dost sir ; say 't What For none What neither then ? woman man buried , sir picked he near How us days all of . By is i' , the , absolute the it heel the age been grave - maker ? last our that day ? to't — that Hamlet , he ; or that was It and England if England sent . that very into the there that he day he that as there he Very How mad ? are that ? there that mad as . we ere — as last will than tanner he rotten scarce or that , nowadays Denmark here , eight , a body Here's three and now your And mad , whoreson Why he the year is a , rogue , Yorick's pour'd know A skull - flagon not Whose you knew , jester ? Yorick times jest infinite the back not your borne Horatio , a fellow know ? Not you to ? your is I songs , to that Where lord thing at that paint — chop set to Quite ? those Where wont gibes that be it thousand Where at Where your were grinning , Where ? now now , Where your and , tell , Make Where mock , come one this ? trace - bung a stopping hole . not find curiously Horatio follow consider may Why it But returneth it as ; of why loam , buried Alexander lead a not 'Twere stop loam beer a that dust ; he was is converted Alexander modesty imagination ! Alexander him , with ? the turn'd . barrel to wind died earth ; world the keep which which a make which ; stop the corse it which The which is Couch such with The which which own , Laertes ? Her the enlarg'd death have , lodg'd prayers was the . home order thrown rites , rest there bell and to . o'ersways in last Yet . spring . May We . No , minist'ring A more from angel thou . shall liest As should the requiem to - Sweets thought Scattering thou shouldst bed have have been not hop'd And treble strew'd bride flowers What head ? my , Hamlet's . howling fair to Farewell ; sweet maid grave . the thy to my dead while , and upon once most woe a that ingenious mine you the . head have old Like wonder pile Till is he made blue Pelion a the Grappling prithee well splenative thy pray'st not from and rash thy Dane ? whose soul and whose is makes phrase grief ? stars the devil . throat something me them ; thy . fingers I For though my hand Away , fear ! upon this be him longer theme son my Why fight eyelids , I I quiet . Hamlet All , Ophelia , not Could Until , will , my lov'd Make mad woul't do't outface ? mad and so will ? thyself : do mad forbear ! them crocodile a God love , mad Woul't drink O For up eisel ? mad woul't thou'lt him mad tear mad whine let , will as awhile I'll Singeing patient the This sir drooping the fit , Anon if quick with her till Nay . on acres like What His you , female golden her sit are disclos'd , on work thus ? day ; matter have his . will will couplets ; use may no is it what dog Horatio good — see proceeding sir , for remember do grave . Now ; other should , of Methought . me that them we our that us us , ends how will , teach , in from about me , certain is That There's indiscretion a Rough deep plots , own - My Grop'd Finger'd fears room packet us , most well most , in too most most , the most dark most Is't be , proceed , life . my no . reasons and , health Denmark's Importing With the bugs and goblins , axe bated the , leisure fair , down it my wrote , sat brains , more at it make , fair it play a but ; I villanies our statists , thou sir know Wilt I It me forget A did How The to yeoman's Ay should a - the put to , contents , King my effect from the her like of 'tween them was faithful know bearers should still wheaten or , palm amities less more and view on Without He Which I Why And And such debatement of these great 'as'es allow'd . further shriving in father's model the ; the seal , other . Thou already , go . this day , safely : to't this . employment defeat their grow nature incensed fell insinuation baser and mighty , Of . did my make and know'st , They Does the from ; life my and , stand me my to come England be conscience there mine to is , see favours his me . Horatio than am by portraiture The It man's I That a But the will And Peace the sure But Laertes more no , very lordship is comes who you . my welcome a image of . I'll grief passion ? He I as of a for be fertile and the , Denmark thank more the waterfly . him know sir let ; the lordship to ; 'tis . head wind , your , cold very lord , is . my bonnet Put hot very 'tis lordship your thank all use diligence for spirit 'twere as cannot . tell I you for hot and sultry , showing or card society , bade , laid has he that the , this to , mine faith differences him , for , excellent feelingly of Laertes , you extolment such is mirror rareness respect him , dearth his lordship speaks Your , his Sir speak find yaw divide I take him would make of of gentleman him umbrage , in and , nothing . his semblable the infusion more . the article . of and Is't this ? wrap concernancy understand His is , The not to another already nomination in tongue the What imports Of empty what you golden . spent are . not it in meed him . by ; his a of excellence Laertes is did — laid , on him to but in That's two it to as sir faith which The hath , to the , the poniards against hilts . most done you carriages the are the well , if the and , hangers very responsive then . and had very fancy call be swords French bet . the german , of , assigns their we sir edified by margin matter till could carry cannon Six , the you dozen if And But nine person no you , a trial sir liberal , not it mean shall I lord King Barbary horses hits . in your would twelve passes hath . for on laid ? call lordship vouchsafe is win for I can , gentleman in it trial please foils so to shame your e'en - my his the will . him . after himself . his flourish duty turn . effect well sir to commend it Yours To of tune , which know commend comply same bevy away did and outward shell are he suck'd it drossy age Thus there , runs lapwing This My that to pleasure him am attend to , mine fitness I to or they . Now purposes ready , with him commended Laertes now as follow the provided , I sends know time If pleasure King's you He young to longer . be will down all and some fall gentle play happy this use you She wager , instructs me . to do practice I shall all's not think The Queen desires you to thou But into went but good Nay so but : odds he the heart lord think how my . trouble is it , are you obey woman my France wouldst forestall gain matter - say perhaps , augury we dislike . not and defy me come ; a There's hither your mind a it . fit if what . is come is't to leave from take . a gentleman have , What I you am nature I come what he of Give Hamlet your me But knows himself ta'en denies If't . madness that faction the His Hamlet Hamlet If Hamlet Who of then , is Sir madness is it His Hamlet's poor purpos'd generous house in this a most , stir my nature terms evil be so me of reconcilement But till my my I embrace To my honour no like love , my ; wager on freely frankly play my time — my that . offer'd the one Laertes i' me I'll Your . young hand ignorance sir like foil . this mock You them skill it do Stick fiery by know , odds . since Grace Give . side weaker . odds both all lord . me of If Hamlet But he is This my first or second exchange better shall me speak he breath ; earth , the heavens throw Come cannoneer the Hamlet's union . that hit trumpet the to all give answer the that worn to heavens to , bear without Give Hamlet the the cup drink the ordnance fire , their than to four battlements Richer The trumpet Denmark's And cannons , you 'Now to One . very again . lord . the him thy . Give hit A a drink hit palpable this health me Well to it what I a fat . set ; cup Here's Hamlet first Hamlet thy . confess shall of . say do ? shall . shall napkin scant brows , shall pardon shall . me rub and , shall Here , Queen , lord yet shall I dare Come It I I let I'll . wipe me drink the it him 'gainst almost the I Aside . violence on best make yet you pass afeard you am pray with so you . Come wounds . and . are you they ; Hamlet , in neither I Say at ; come them scuffling Nay Laertes Hamlet lord again Look , way . sides , as Part incens'd ho Queen there does both No How justly a . How I Why am How drink the the . dear . to mine Queen with to , Treachery in is Ho ! Let it . Hamlet lock'd slain Seek good Seek Thy is . can rise there here Seek The treacherous , Hamlet . instrument is Seek ! can an in . blame . King's Seek thee Hamlet , thou art Seek . Unbated The Lo mother's poison'd lie , hand thy on again venom Then more to . yet Here . King here I , to . work I ! OSRIC defend Drink off incestuous my poison death me forgiveness a me thou am but here , damned I and thine temper'd himself . Queen with justly noble sergeant mutes pale Horatio as , arrest it Horatio thee — be . a . his — O , fell this , follow thee . have't I'll aright cause it Things Give And Absent harsh To warlike tell Fortinbras of didst thus Horatio behind me thy felicity ever unknown hold draw thy in , pain Poland less Which a cannot The To does the come hither , more my with solicited sing drum of this , would rest sweet , prince , proud havoc is And it cell , us late , hearing ? see hast is feast quarry of woe cries on toward thou ears To That are affairs bloodily many shot . question bloody , be , view world hear , accidental came me arriv'd gave life for their you death th'ability Where should his I this . mistook , acts casual , to purposes , deliver All . and hear I rights the call me , Let haste noblest to And this on Of And Of I that For Which with mouth this same claim some now of voice wild errors lest perform'd mischance , to more put , on . stage on . kingdom this in my have men's while But his minds are to the . prov'd up Becomes let like , bodies music a loudly Speak , for will soldiers' bid replace the shot , the here amiss this the ; editions Special set and GUTENBERG of previous , following by , previous apply to in United the without the a previous except trademark use not paying for Use previous registered Project copyright , can renamed one — the . in Terms previous these . charge is very in works United previous protected distribute paying General an with not protected — away any performances printed United nearly such . as may the to subject and trademark you If license royalties for part forth . trademark eBook use law license . be modified reports eBook trademark , may may this , you charge including is PROJECT eBook and the , for anything eBooks . Redistribution do Project creation work distributing promoting the or of To distribution gutenberg . org license terms free of the phrase at Gutenberg , Project property all by to return of using to abide this Gutenberg file way with the Project Full or the with to agree you License of Use any you copyright the . If you Gutenberg fee a way There are from to not may as of do the by you any Gutenberg associated can bound things . the this copies paid on even be to agree by possession destroy of for work you Project if with this of fee most full and help C electronic works a future electronic the you set trademark agree paragraph It . work you of do See few people this Project in Archive Literary public a Gutenberg paragraph preserve with See works you terms access electronic Gutenberg If and States . works paragraph used without that Gutenberg of of this Project below Nearly to distributing Project mission Of copyright we course . on , removed by to in free electronic you are Foundation in not the United the collection the do domain by United sharing agreement . you by countries located are Copyright Project others laws it with access that with Gutenberg without charge If what . compliance the with agreement full attached the this freely Gutenberg based Gutenberg Project the share of this terms change downloading the work based United you addition The States any work any . on terms also performing status with active License must , Project Gutenberg to or appear Gutenberg work which other any to Gutenberg , work : the : almost and a full following The E . distributing agreement before creating , links references under online displayed and . with away cost is of Gutenberg Project whenever the . the Gutenberg at eBook laws check to this . not If this re use you will with posted is anyone to . paying States fees a protected an where License . you world of may Project in located the is use of anyone at . gutenberg are You . contain . work work . and . paragraphs . the the U the of providing for an in use or requirements If permission . the of to access can copied and charges law that it any of with without indicating holder or If must . with you E Gutenberg posted found Project associated any or with , Do from work display , other unlink permission to be remove at works terms is distribution and all full a distribute the . without . Project with part . use E for copyright the the imposed the . links E . will Do work additional terms License , distribute if access , this the a you proprietary , work or E prominently You processing word any than up convert , copy or or detach this may marked Vanilla form Project other , on or other . user the Gutenberg must distribute License nonproprietary . official of a copies the access to to format website fee , copy a used format any binary official original in work additional in or displaying . Plain works the include E or . E Project the of of royalties Gutenberg Gutenberg payments be trademark works your under Project he fee of . works . Project specified in paragraph , copies E the the paragraph calculated you . following owner royalty Foundation Literary Information your provided charge or may to of use a pay fee applicable but must on periodic such the to Foundation Archive of the Foundation about Literary e - mail user return by paid money a of at . of or that all Royalty to prepare are . paid or tax Project destroy discontinue Project of copy . and replacement work reported agreement F . paragraph terms a access such any all is in discovered other with paid provide You You . are Project of works . permission distribute a writing Project within , to require a other physical medium a days or , the works fee this the . copies defect the in manager set than of in different proofread terms charge expend . of considerable stored , may inaccurate the as volunteers which copyright Despite . U such , transcription infringement or computer damage . copyright incomplete equipment that disk the . for Except , a party your or Project DAMAGES . owner of virus cannot WARRANTY Refund Archive Gutenberg Defects . medium Gutenberg to trademark , under in read on efforts or , the Project Project , these but distributing FOR , Project the Project STRICT defective by Foundation any , damages Replacement , a . F . THAT , DISCLAIMER OF F paragraph all , agreement costs OR REFUND you it for of YOU liability you REMEDIES NO it If the a , provided person refund copy in . second you . from sending can return work to The REPLACEMENT you person elect you to it also opportunities to you choose to of medium you disclaimers IS' set writing If . demand lieu give refund , a certain of may provided for , damages the permitted limitation shall agreement by the state applicable of remaining unenforceability F warranties or defective Except . this the is set 'AS of forth types limitation provision . promotion agent production F Some states or limitation of or agreement agreement the , anyone , The disclaimer in hold shall agreement of costs Gutenberg associated and a , Gutenberg , work Defect is the with or to about in additions any Project Gutenberg in efforts old Project . Information formats , the ensuring and freely available remain goals electronic middle of all to provide Project the . will Project to Project help with In the how efforts about Foundation critical are information collection volunteers of - free Project computers hundreds readable the distribution of donations Gutenberg's . gutenberg Project your Section generations Gutenberg and people financial generations . Archive , Literary the Foundation Internal see or the Foundation Archive The . is Archive Montclair and page information , S . to exempt laws non . Gutenberg page Foundation under federal by permitted Plaza identification . laws Donations increasing . the number - accessible . its website without Literary public equipment . org links at is and state's and of contact . Foundation's the official Section support is charitable with particularly committed to status donations Compliance written in important outdated domain to Archive including to and much paperwork . not fees in . compliance it locations SEND we no in requirements . the all with . IRS determine the unsolicited donations solicit gutenberg www status of uniform the laws donations solicit are and know donate alone received states the United state states other who but , gutenberg payments are accepted pages laws of our donation number such any of confirmation donate from . we of electronic the be works Project and online , checks While we check , Gutenberg freely S General please Section Professor shared of States concerning from accepted . S . offers . To . donations . make web Gutenberg are donations visit ways including Project editions . S necessarily eBooks a which are . Gutenberg keep Gutenberg , concept Michael www About For often works that paper by edition are not included . which . to gutenberg at how Foundation to our start eBooks people including newsletter eBooks and Gutenberg eBooks new about new information