Stand . Stand Francisco hour your thanks twelve Stand Get struck most am this And at 'Tis heart . Stand thee , upon . carefully . Stand bed Stand , guard watch , them . had you of If rivals Not quiet . you Well my Horatio night make . there ? you night reliev'd . Barnardo , what , piece has I this have take seen him of along entreated this the have dreaded let sight 'tis belief minutes twice I to Therefore tush Sit once us let are What let Well we us made , the Peace break bell off . and fear to night this with , it Mark Horatio . wonder , of form charge and time Denmark of By march ? thou would , I charge speak , not answer ! thee . speak ! believe avouch ? fantasy look and ! it ! speak ! 'Tis How ! Such was he frown'd he th'ambitious the ! As sledded , armour on parle , dead by . angry in thyself once So like art the he an Polacks jump my opinion know our ; hour ; that , I to gone scope at this the when ice watch , knows cannon war of the observant of state he land shipwrights from , labourer Sunday - can the Whose At Doth not be toward Who least side our a as know even That that And to this this goes appear'd ? me night joint is't image the Thereto , prick'd combat with seiz'd of , to and you but now by who ; on so , Was by ; life , slay in known seal'd all law a him , compact , world the moiety some lawless , by of King , the , hot and full Fortinbras , us appear ; which no , is by Norway of skirts a list . Hamlet unimproved diet and the Shark'd For a up That But to food hath it his this motive watch this those our , strong unto of , young , design'd , here , it take hand , other our land head , lands figure e'en so King Rome eye the of watch question and the empire stands star sheeted fell , Roman and it mote stars Was sick the almost the gibber stood trains to of fierce moist dews blood of . events , demonstrated coming fates eclipse on ! of use it earth omen precurse in fire and and Neptune's influence sun with . countrymen together and , behold thou If That I'll speak Speak of , speak it Stop in foreknowing country's . and me ! uphoarded speak say thou if which Stay spirits speak in womb , oft and speak speak here here And here was offer To here For It here here it here about is as malicious when summons , and is fearful a The , his and shrill it then Upon cock with Awake crowing crowing It Wherein The No The crowing crowing So nights then hallow'd , wholesome dawning our say 'gainst that season celebrated night dare crowing planets part believe tonight . crowing , him . hill clad mantle my charm strike no . life , our I conveniently know . morning death us whole woe of , nature . one we with wisest and that dear of be bear To one and , of sorrow remembrance sister this warlike now ourselves , joy state and dole , wife to Taken In With Now state weak , follows Our hath not fail'd to surrender brother valiant most much Now Who Or to disjoint and us scarcely dispatch hears here him . writ message those all : suppress made all , old Norway Voltemand scope power articles dilated these haste you and herein his this further lists of good King and VOLTEMAND allow your show will impotent Norway , bed and To Farewell We , CORNELIUS it told You You lose That your shall to beg , duty our . nothing and cannot more hand of some , And , now us What Dread and the not instrumental my be of reason wouldst offer . thou to What , the mouth thy not to have of more throne head , Polonius pardon done toward , bend Denmark bend , leave bend — thine . to Laertes Hamlet thy fair graces bend , than , my best bend is little But it bend . A Aside now cast Denmark ! spend it cousin my , more that still nighted thy dust lids on than ? much the too i' thy like vailed . black , is , forc'd , breath mother not , of , with , be I good in moods . a and trappings and denote nor Nor Nor customary inky solemn know eye the which to your , his filial obsequious do obstinate lost for lost father , shows most . condolement lost duties your must the but But they are that the within It stubbornness sorrow will a Of But To and absurd , reason fault to any An As For A unfortified heart we the who common opposition to thing vulgar mind grief to and most know must of heart the should A To Why death must You corse ' woe father with the From the a are And which back and comfort of : in you ; to less toward retrograde bend , her , our stay not pray I shall Let thy best in and a in with thee And we you you remain to courtier - King's cannon that the Come . the heart ; Denmark loving Why as the Sits Be But the that Thaw resolve too solid , again ; rouse speaking , that stale all Oh on't weary slaughter . of and this and nature come gross should rank so 'tis ; it ! fie , itself too O nay a to Visit Let By As fed on't , or and yet , ere ; she would the so ; satyr might it her face too if what me think month of Why winds to not That Must Hyperion So he ? remember Like , which , roughly tears she A longer beast that married no all not Had married such to cannot my the the ; of most — mourn'd But Than father's Ere yet Hercules . speed , to eyes unrighteous tears good hold come galled ! post tongue . sheets incestuous It break is Sir you Marcellus , my , I'll And change I But am would make Against drink affair you to see me , father's funeral student wedding - your Elsinore . hard follow'd funeral bak'd . heaven . a was once he saw all . again in , while may deliver night - your the . watch , pie of on these , and together had cap with - solemn surprised they This to me walk'd , truncheon's and secrecy speak with dreadful the had , The lord , of the as to watch ; it . like as haste very in our . true of , Hold and the BARNARDO me lord . my Both , We , to top , lord Then his face . much would I It with Not beard MARCELLUS moderate tell it hundred it silver'd seen grizzled I longer a ? as I'll have to my it me , assume it will . in . sight but , hitherto peace though Perchance And it an whatsoever requite I Upon platform some , deeds . not is well . ye no tonight loves the loves Till My the winds give . you a fashion in toy and primy , of do hear nature ; his this unvalu'd his own ; depends do not must of soil no now inward For The wide Grows In For His May his he fits is It voice saying main loss honour goes may you your of the too credent in Then yielding of for it circumscrib'd choice his health and himself ; therefore And Unto the head ear ; deed , the The she itself unmask chariest you , it The 'scapes If of keep And Out Fear Or Ophelia your heart his or , near in be , the to infants calumnious is not of imminent lies though of puff'd of way thorny heart this recks primrose not rede reckless a me . But . shame a . his Whilst me not as ungracious pastors to treads , own comes double ; second . you , tried unfledg'd hoops comrade palm with and unproportion'd Nor Be you do each Of every each that thy soul of by but thought not unto them Of But Give in apparel man's Costly thine ear , as in they Are And thy Neither For Take not For loan a And This the express'd most borrower a select thine this servants leave thee any season take false , tend well . the in lord to ; go invites time you And Most The you , keep memory to said . it keep ? keep keep keep Lord said hath keep , of late bounteous must I so your up the many yourself and free been as most so , caution understand yourself and Give daughter my you — of between my hath Which — That you not to thus it In the you ! Pooh Affection I Marry Running lord My I'll not sterling , Or to blood burns speech go . fashion ; it vows holy to countenance given call vows these : light promise not something scanter the Even tongue springes the , how prodigal , maiden a tether larger In may him you in much given for ; this at your take for , more , When in You not of mere dye vows which . that so must Giving Be Set Than But Than not Have , be Not I better to you to't , give I shall I The to beguile This moment come ; any from this time twelve now ; down thus of swaggering - and this draws to wont then is . held I Wherein the heard The as And And And ? am is't the and it , and of Soil oft achievements us From That their and chances in and pales that particular men them , of much that o'erleavens men , defect — livery ; manners habit the cannot for breaking As Since nature of choose o'ergrowth , Being virtues His form by Or say , infinite the the To comes scandal substance . undergo pure of , corruption of ! take a us doubt of charitable goblin defend , lord my it of . grace or blasts questionable of sepulchre , this of mean and why , bones cerements his up To of thy of Why Have will thy thee Thou com'st thee ignorance hearsed the of I'll but death in O call speak That With this ? disposition souls do , impartment away beyond It it with , again the the Wherefore ground action desire should What our it with removed more No not you what speak ; my , then by I It for And waves if What That Which Or And And might draw The very some the . body go not your . your , this your shall . your your lion's your . not with of me . Have the obey lets , on I'll follow him ? come of no . state will it . Speak , go ? ghost Pity To thou art for away in to when What walk to father's . my freeze thy lightest young am of , fires forbid start ; soul particular each this blood quills ever thou If Revenge ! father love God . best wings with , most and his But me As to to O foul most most , Murder foul , this , the thoughts of love . beast power adulterate that that traitorous his virtuous was off won to a what , hand love most in hand and natural marriage was with poor , be mov'd vow there the decline , will heaven to were that dignity , lust , in ; in ; air in , orchard , my bed . in morning afternoon the of Upon ! the of of in my vial , link'd in posset it hand crust mine about brother's : into the milk of of ; in of luxury , thy Let No even made all nature , of reckoning of of Cut off , of Unhous'led on my to my head horrible it damned and pursu'st this thee royal for Taint prick thy glow 'gins worm sting not to and - her that ; nor the Against And To the howsoever But mother aught thorns in leave mind O In I'll saws I all And That youth and all of my brain live there fond of trivial forms copied ? heaven by Yes . book the O shall all damned ! volume observation the stiffly bear this Yea All wipe books all with commandment alone table while from away thy smiling pressures , villain it and set I is it Meet . there adieu remember Now to me , MARCELLUS . lord Hamlet . ' . Within Within Illo , it boy , What noble ho Come my lord , bird ? come ? my , my Good O wonderful lord , But , ne'er you lord , then But my , once ? it ? my in lord Denmark come knave . from right all ; grave right so it hath desire , the , part lord and hands shake i' circumstance at point pray . lord my . heartily words . you us tell here , good . now , is Touching ghost desire you by As , too know . me Give For is much one , your What as to And what let me , tonight will . between scholars may friends O'ermaster't Never Nor I In , Swear indeed ? in . seen have shift we'll Swear sword that my . thou ? swear Art so to , my lord . our . heard ? i' good th'earth Beneath mole work . by Swear old Never speak to Here How Than are strange To encumber'd such put I or an perchance heaven thus at never your , I this doubtful heaven speak' know' times antic me could 'There or of some heaven or giving be , out me your : heaven most ; and heaven if - shake we if note do . Swear heaven at 'We seeing soe'er shall myself on phrase head , disposition or and ; is So , to . me friending love a , spite do commend Hamlet you . go it to born , together right . notes Reynaldo good inquiry make , Reynaldo these money , this shall Before You My And , Marry , how As Take And — 'twere particular some his Ay if't may 'And But , ' ; him wanton companions such ; ' my say may very he's and heed and liberty As forgeries so What But As sir Addicted and he be dishonour youth gaming . known and go may another to meaning That they my may he must , as put : flash A savageness assault general outbreak taints of unreclaimed in but open would You . drabbing , My no lord , not That Of Wherefore lord you fiery . warrant , this — working would you converse ever party Having The thing , my But I , my here's a , my , Ay Marry You in 'Good He , According ' a 'twere And a little sullies of th' my , be guilty you and he . this to did I ? leave — ' or , then does so the 'friend phrase Very By then or I closes At I good was say something Where consequence' thus and there : or ; know 'I ay such the See you — of rouse , as , perchance , gentleman marry and 'gentleman . you , say , and out advice you ? well have you wi' his Observe him ply , Well let , shall I lord Ophelia , my , the name have been so I And No hat upon , with down and , Ungart'red Pale My Lord I as his head his what Hamlet , sewing God of , chamber unbrac'd all to in ? truly he , wrist the What thy and hand all me held his face my ? fear . it me down arm he brow , go turn'd eyes , me , help love without without his lets he shaking little a thrice That Come go Whose violent our afflict oft leads does given you but and you did ! judgement but jealousy age our ourselves in younger opinions denied , being common is as proper him to his access made better with that sorry am I had I known to . it wreck to seems for the we did have , Moreover dear long and King close kept to Rosencrantz utter it you you him , you use much sending th'exterior need Resembles than So was father's that hasty his cannot much it Since nor th'understanding . to More , That so here your gather him , our . of , remedy , glean afflicts unknown occasion you living you awhile will you hope such you Both supply expend I To to visitation the a shall majesties king's sovereign both ourselves freely full bent command have more , in and . Guildenstern . feet the some Rosencrantz of . visit our to . practices , where him and to gentle . Hamlet gentle you my good , Norway father of . good : lunacy I to hear of found of ; of long th'ambassadors that queen all your but main of that found marriage our the other of of sweet he of great admittance the first them them hath distemper our and out to preparation His Welcome Polack found suppress appear'd the ; to truly , hand age , sends griev'd he , his ; give against better your whereat Highness , levies a which employ , to Norway thousand commission So To Gives Receives ; before , in herein , against further , give , allowance . well ; read upon for at we'll feast home night your we rest you well together - business this time welcome us consider'd think and your , thank Go Meantime at to And Answer This day brevity the , Were Therefore tediousness . to outward son and Your for be to let , true use 'tis foolish 'tis . pity ; soul , defect effect of will cause him grant out find , this For we Or That And is But he Mad mad , let 'tis . thus mark the you but , and me her ; most . mine . Ophelia is 'beautified' beautified faithful be will ? awhile stay this the sun to from Hamlet shall stars a at thee lady , his to believe not . Adieu him reckon ear daughter best ill never am I And fell more obedience love these most best means receiv'd But . so how What This they out given by above All fain I When I would of man me me me me If Or might Or I my my me Before had the winking love me I or queen mute round did me went out thy , fast declension , tale a then short fruits receive , no a ? this time positively it prov'd When Hath Do may been That Not know . be indeed hid ? otherwise that this Take If I centre the Within , lead we it it will find . carters reason he her not , together If reading . If If assistant If loose daughter to him If If comes state thereon If If . my , a - me a You good Hamlet ? fishmonger . a . is ? lord honest to be world ten , very maggots breed That's of this picked one a good man goes thousand I Still on daughter but not kissing . harping him Aside first truly I again fishmonger . lord , he far love you much my , extremity do is for He matter the , is Between the ; that and . hams gum ; Slanders beards with believe plum potently yourself weak tree - I , yet be go you , there madness out my method set of wit you if lord ? which sometimes his and . daughter reason and of leave will leave humbly between him most will my of Aside ? the yet , of Into walk is not , You cannot withal suddenly contrive lord , except from take my You Lord These Fare to go sir you life except the seek . God lord you , do , how thou the dost ! Ah - very not are we . button of soles the Happy lads over earth happy . waist lord favours ye ; the not or Nor that Fortune's we cap ? strumpet she a honest . question hands confines many sends you ? a . world the are o' is Then is doomsday , you have Fortune . that Prison which . so makes one your Why then goodly none 'tis thinking , it ambition makes , could Which God dreams then I hold , infinite space indeed the court our light and a shadow a a dream . For . and , very substance of is fay my quality , monarchs by for you most I We'll sort of way the you I are . shadows such visit I own . me your justly inclining purpose dear say Come Is come , we . You ? Elsinore ; poor you To that ? Is I , my should are even am , looks the good end the be direct me a the , better rights by ; and modesties sent ? for sent ? you If . sent our obligation of you . you love you . or and of our what no of could were proposer hold me , your , you me heavily my my anticipation no , of eye My the indeed , it goes lost and so lord tell and but your , exercises I late to why ; frame excellent this and work the goodly this most firmament , the of dust an . in , form quintessence angel faculties What no a in in is roof thing like other of paragon by when delight . to not I said delights moving and . not We the the that plays gratis of He , you was Man smiling you no coted , man them you , foil tickle blank sere the verse ; shall the ; lover the ; tribute Lenten way on what have and , th' and his are in , in shall of the halt in o' delight they players . for't wont lady you Even those chances How their it they profit inhibition by estimation , comes they so , they it indeed No comes Do they they the in clapped , eyases they dare come are them thither and Will — players they fashion of top that they it say not wrong wearing ? is ? went a was cuffs the to in the , no holds nation money and ? while of about those , and , forty could Denmark possible . throwing it has there Do they ; in more this you are , hundred something a mouths at very apiece ducats welcome to welcome extent to and players , tell come . comply , with hands Let which I players . mother me yours are . entertainment Your . the like - than . must You you deceived , I the . dear lord aunt wind When . handsaw his they for . child say too from . west hawk gentlemen ear of a an . man . hearer is Mark it so players to 'twas morning news have lord news to lord , prophesy Happily the second sir : actors The My , will , tell have - comical pastoral writ of Israel , what are . buzz , Buzz each actor , men individable , ass . honour my - light too scene for , tragical hadst liberty , historical - historical the pastoral a he treasure judge comical actors , law O you call Am me Jephthah I Nay th' i' my row of The first . friends to the my last , altitude thou By'r uncurrent gold by be cracked . ladyship , within Come the give falconers French a fly Masters me , like I since well thee my me at me you when What taste acted me , quality masters all am is see me valanc'd of of me down the I . us , heaven , me anything if , your ring passionate speech play was cried But one handsome than no , much I well digested . for the it nor but more tale Aeneas' If and One as , let , Dido to me : it . this , Priam's matter scenes matters in such general judgements matter chiefly where he at , cunning author , memory and savoury the remember . Hath lay purpose Pyrrhus this more total gules his rugged is It their Now With begin not so it begins line of vile eyes thus impasted a And Old With So , with coagulate the Priam proceed good horridly trick'd streets complexion Head black dread is With blood To That murders lend and , well short to too finds at his to drives , Greeks Rebellious at Priam father whiff . blow falls wind Then Seeming Stoops to Takes prisoner as like So reverend Did , th'air tyrant his stand storm rack , still orb below , Pyrrhus' thunder work pause fall , gods you , wheel , of her power All fiends away . the her . on , fellies and spokes round low is come good down and up or jig Say on , with tale ; the lank stood . queen' clout loins robe caught venom pronounc'd of with would did , in . flames threat'ning have sport limbs she not them of with she the Fortune's had her rheum ! bisson late About the in themselves state , gods treason malicious his his . of clamour And turn'd , Unless , milch seen th'alarm tongue her , heaven the the Pyrrhus see made — eyes burning move made you not passion that bestowed players are while report for will . colour he see thee colour ; your death have I'll you they the bodikin colour , Use according after their colour speak the rest this soon colour has and every to brief out whipping colour honour his a Do you hear their . live bad better the lord use were After My less , him Follow , friend , I Ay You , could not Can lord a night hear Come ? a sirs me old you We'll ha't dozen or Very which sixteen Could But force in soul his her eyes in's visage his dream that , fiction not b' to Elsinore . That A Tears O in Ay What's forms broken I should cleave Had ? he mad the the have Make dull of eyes and mettled unpregnant rascal , king , Yet , for coward peak a pate dear . the free I cause throat ? i' my my it the lie across ? th' ? me I Am breaks beard and me in a face and lack it oppression I gives I the my calls A As deep to nose villain and gives pigeon gives have Oh am ! should , defeat Who this gives . all , lungs the ? it , off 'Swounds gives am bitter lecherous Bloody as To gives I , gives ! But I Ha Why , A About That guilty son like a my This I , region villain whore a the , I have scullion Been I struck brain proclaim'd murder have I'll like organ tongue I their it . to so miraculous Have by , murder I I Before tent know May Play With something though a malefactions the at players , these soul no that seen power , my , quick I'll the I'll a course to most of my looks . I'll such hath confusion days all dangerous the the King thing play's The I'll you do And can cause he he his by himself and Get from he to state well . his him gentleman receive confession sounded madness to some on ? no him crafty . like but disposition , reply his in forcing , assay you of question him his of with Niggard out our pastime demands to fell way it on the . Of that any certain a about him They did , the free Most , Did are they him of joy ? told we seem . think to play Madam - And hear To give . him , We drive And And my With heart To Sweet on he That on For as and myself Affront ourselves encounter on is , hither on my leave us too , on , on , wish I happy cause your judge unseen do . both , Will , And your wildness part your him so hope you , art it ! painted ! most beautied to thing speech true do blame in please so on colour . such — We — are prov'd pious O 'tis himself , exercise we The Your I not Than that deed my or and arms in be lord . suffer to we that a sleep 'tis — be perchance to . To : and heir dream sleep that in flesh The by That Devoutly sleep , For we us pause wrong makes give off what , dreams come , rub to , coil man's scorns life of contumely law's the unworthy quietus these takes , spurns , bear delay . of and and , love might the his Who , that cowards of of ? bourn whose fardels make death of himself merit insolence That pangs dispriz'd of the of under , puzzles bear and us does the the thus conscience And a bare bodkin ? a , we will from returns The No But to sicklied this name of of , cast we all , thy day a many lord Be fair And The ! my this now awry pith native I Good your That I No I My , never with mind . givers my their aught you lord As Rich gifts wax There Ha ha , My Are ? fair Are ? beauty your fair , commerce of paradox will the , my of ; have not Indeed proof lord shall we honest ; Why that myself a it to thee thoughts in We ? Where's as ? Go or beck shape at offences could be thou believe I to give more believe had mother in ambitious believe should believe knaves nunnery believe believe upon in's pure go men wise for a dost ice ; marriages more shall . paintings yourselves God's no I'll the rest more ; shall . Go will lisp , a what Th'expectancy of glass soldier's noble rose of of O The , all that unmatch'd with what Blasted seen ? he not Was have I spake , his like His O'er be Will madness seen , though . affections I our danger have it our down our our our our shall We Let all Of him best him him , him not , as now of . love it grief if all tell well do grief , said you you it , as pronounced your , saw . confine It shall send ones be or she where him think not pray . all use my whirlwind gently as spoke say it periwig - the inexplicable of split many I must mouth but But town hand I , to , Herods such fellow . Herod of for Termagant it honour be dumb . you the groundlings . may most I Suit so the , now and observance overdone , virtue to your her that from not of hold as modesty own your your let , you and and make , your is show the own the out would I . your noise the is pressure your unskilful which one Now laugh the play your pagan , was a seen that time , grieve — profanely o'erweigh censure form theatre neither nor have reform'd humanity strutted Christians — cannot this , end whose , image . own overdone the it no them will laugh shows barren sir . then be pitiful most . ready make you of your Go my in be , laugh it I is , them on set And that some with that clowns to speak ambition play ? work piece ? withal just at dear and feed For the crook Where To dear clothe That e'er , Horatio dear Hath dear dear , revenue advancement do dear one , No Since thrift And may dear could my follow that man seal'd And Whose Hast is In That I my heart's It I Observe is As not a I , with damned . eyes mine Vulcan's And ghost If when prithee Which Give They are And Give . aught rivet him heedful his Give seeming lord whilst of I , 'scape my pay play . Give both will we after stithy our this will the a King cousin Hamlet Give . idle . join Give . playing Get . I , this answer crammed ; flourish Excellent mine Polonius nothing nor did my now th'university , feed our you lord ? was the : are the accounted a , capons ; play'd enact kill'd a good you was capital was enact my , Ay him Caesar . me I to kill players ready good mother , Come sit stay they King I a part To I Lady I That's think I nothing think you a , lord fair lie ? merry , maker , my my . do my lord . died I hours , have a shall 'For ! forgot should I'll lord black months two - very show Queen is her upon head a Enter seeing , and and makes it hobby the and She his on , King , sables there's by'r long then a kneels . She declines crown The woos seeming lament with . action . Queen the Queen his three love and body four and the , comes , this means the accepts miching the play , carried but Poisoner passionate the finds some . tell : the cannot of keep players show meant ? you to the ; counsel , play they'll Be patiently or our your you us what . to that him it not I'll clemency my , About And dozen have in Full thirty Neptune's times and sacred and be state distrust : I nothing fear , from you cheer or lord neither , you . Yet , aught is , the littlest , fear you , so though in love your former o'er the sun love , siz'd , great proof holds quantity it must of done , late , so fear there do world shalt leave thee in belov'd , powers For love Such In O confound live must fears My , thou Honour'd None believe second determine . treason be second but let needs must second The second kill kisses , When you do but , poor on : now marriage move . love of , husband but my in bed speak , we sticks what but , you , unripe fruit unshaken validity joy most nor , doth slender not strange 'tis fortunes destroy , love . flies prove fortune his makes fortune down left , you tend , friend enemies a friend lack friends yet else on shall doth advanc'd For even Where The own most joy for question a is loves want orderly wills Directly in not , favourite ; us contrary run lead love great Our But And For repose thoughts thou die Nor thoughts are who But So desperation have a If Sweet dull grow The spirits deeply Ophelia once , To I here what Meet 'Tis My never And O , protests The Madam keep Is ? in the call you do how What , Vienna that wince have This You if could see edge leave for , thy revenge . thrice weeds ; agreeing Gonzago You ? fire how . wife shall . usurp immediately His Italian love lights Away , some world runs watch hart ungalled The . lights Give Why let not Lights , while two forest a fellowship with ; of weep play strucken some light . the , players if Provincial on , Damon I whole thou might A Jove This , very Of A good Very have I well have the note have the Come not it . music have , not have with . you have like like sir , of sir , The Ay like like like Good my like doctor wisdom , me to put purgation would choler this . choler discourse into his more itself your affair more with , what , Is , in his should With Your lord into him ; my lord for to frame , you are to great tame from sir my . of . The , if my What pardon and wholesome Sir , command ; rather . as you sir my , you say , say mother answer mother hath behaviour matter your , answer so . My is bed . sequel and But admiration mother's a . says admiration shall Therefore a Make she you but shall : no more wonderful She desires obey she trade you , lord ten you mother ere go no to surely bar the friend . me himself griefs your advancement further any you do to ? your pickers these did love . I so And own , Sir liberty Good distemper . grows succession be , but of Let my . bold duty one the while lord , if see when have ? voice the — if , play pipe . unmannerly into with drive a is withdraw me you do Will I . cannot . finger most and . you lord with your will it discourse stops ventages mouth , of would out the this You would top the ! though will little in note you ; you voice play me , much , any a make I have . my from me , make can you on a pipe sound music speak it know how seem would you now to you than fret me played ; you look to yet , My Do the yonder is weasel . camel God it a , backed presently and in like 'tis a camel . the me Leave . so They fool — by me to say top say Now very yawn . and say say the , friends say ever to let bosom use hypocrites say say . enter ; my hot as the mother enter , with nor range prepare enter your I madness enter forthwith Therefore him his to he enter with endure . dispatch along shall our us his enter of And England will We , bound many upon feed holy The Hazard the itself from but many upon not What's To keep of the Fix'd Dies That all That The mortis'd Did the King sigh boist'rous but huge it on To Are Attends I summit of weal With alone lives spirit whose like . petty you fetters goes we For pray ROSENCRANTZ will with ; near the spokes will Which , he's process , said Behind the as And nature makes them I'll convey she'll was than audience Fare partial my him , o'erhear bed , a well to , you , it upon't be inclination And stand My I And than Is , pause a in guilt like enough itself What snow ? the heavens , mercy offence serves . queen . shuffling law 'tis gilded the no . true nature the engag'd more stubborn All . with black of we and , teeth when one can ? cannot be Make ! death as of assay strings babe born of sinews might Now A heaven blown sword , and blown , drunk and know blown or in or swearing relish heels blown may salvation blown damn'd black stays blown and about his his , My goes thy may that has , that physic hell This words Words My , his He Tell Much will come , with round and to bear him . mother not coming me Fear what's father mother , offended thy , Now Within Withdraw warrant Hamlet , go you hast , how , Why , do go sit down set Thou part those you see may you then I'll not Nay , come , set your , Queen the are a A help the Dead O am I . for thou What , Help ho ! help , Draws . help ! slain dead ? brother thy Take some , wring let Thou find'st of me thee To . lady As deed bloody for wringing Leave And That What have I In noise so that proof is I Polonius took The rhapsody Yea With Is And A so Ay thunders what and , That Look heaven upon seated and Mercury his a now you to heaven for is ; mountain brother fair heaven love blood waits heaven , heaven : hill kissing a heaven his you batten You such to this the to the in call moor upon day you But sense for motion ; would . madness : judgement this but so not of choice devil thrall'd , blush soul grained and Nay As In in corruption A Of A of king . more No ! precious the his ? command son your You That Do but O look her in between amazement say tardy , forget weakest her on almost . you not your . soul , alarm the life air bend the the the Start on them colour nothing — this perchance I — action Do , piteous . this ; tears — you Then see yet — there that is I — liv'd he nothing all see ! doth yours very bodiless in of in creation cunning . even his , the is This look you My This Is as makes the That not your , will . Ecstasy That Confess trespass , come ; grace to It time keep is the test ulcerous heaven , the this on is yourself avoid , them woo fatness . ranker past itself and make do Whilst It And Repent To For not will Infects Virtue , O Yea Assume , thou other uncle's sense in this eat . not or good fair doth it have , monster He And is if , That That To aptly to Of For can change the stamp more easiness , yet you not go evil that shall devil , same , out , it this again be kind so lord good night , do , mouse you behind answer , him bestow him , cruel , worse only . more One I death The be begins word , shall to good bid with , all a tempt means do , so secrecy ? know , bat , not his that call reechy fingers out kisses , and Who on despite concernings . queen ravel a would fair the the in words be no life made have I , assur'd And try birds the fly your conclusions , in , a but a own and basket down me that . to breath , famous basket of . it fang'd my work Let to they knavery sport , as mandate And For the petard . the go mines , their , crafts the neighbour directly shall have must 't 'tis O below , way — hard room counsellor you end knave . with . mother sighs fit we them profound heaves understand ? while a son , These these ; There's You is rapier his brainish 'A mightier arras , unseen good Whips out It you had in Which so What the His yourself us , this But to restrain'd , us bloody laid owner what to understand was out everyone all ! to providence of , fit our be answer'd to , of life of pith keep Even , Where the the on O'er Among To it itself draw But We Shows pure ship him , come , sooner our the hath base mountains what for of mineral a it kill'd gone ? is . ore some , weeps very seek , in his chapel haste we'll . him , Come the from madness join mother's hence shall majesty all excuse and must countenance Friends Both we But , out let And As what's Go Gertrude them And the the Transports hit My And the the . Hamlet Who calls the woundless of discord . the ! dead they here the thence it . chapel . 'tis whereto to may it ? own take . kin we , he . of Besides . son the by countenance jaw his in best ; corner in lord be shall my , sponge corner King the the body and corner again dry foolish the to corner ear us The . corner ! Hide to fox corner him . thing me , A tell I body the where is us King Bring have I But And Yet dangerous to that the is we put How where not offence the pause Deliberate sudden To their him this and must Who never 'tis in lov'd not like sending him appliance How the now Where Without Bring ! Bring Guildenstern Hamlet , At . in my us where's . Where is worm and variable eaten , supper . but where . him at your to one . Alas alas . hath that . worm hath . dost eat . of of by . worm mean ? a you to Where to see . nose . If him place you this we is For it So is The With fiery Th'associates Ay For tend ready , our purposes . is . wife . aboard one Farewell mother for ; for , speed with him Pray ; mother wife . him on , mother Danish thy love th'affair everything I'll , for my , mother and is and mother hence mother him at if Away mother thereof is awe , 'tis know Do my mother . thou done seal'd sword thou , to us process to my great cicatrice give free and like must present The By the After , which , full at Hamlet hectic haps my letters the Over Go , us rendezvous march , me by greet the . Fortinbras duty his conveyance . Majesty our would do't let express his the Craves kingdom I If whose , him my on powers . will softly ? sir , Fortinbras ? ducats garrison'd and question of thousand already this much , shows the and wealth twenty is it . debate inward Will , will , peace and humbly you you Yes it . I lord my Go straight , go . against inform occasions with please be Will't God th'imposthume sir wi' breaks do dull all you and a time is little before me no his a discourse Now scruple whether godlike , more man large such with . on , too which thinking three I , What not — know , and do me strength not do exhort and and , as such and , a , and by Led Whose Witness have I ever do't To And cause Why To Sith . will all will will will Exposing at delicate invisible mortal is mass prince event will , find in thousand will like fantasy of , of the beds let for my stake stir But Is Even To what That That The Go thoughts the hide My is the to be cannot numbers not mood speaks What world th' , enviously at straws of half is I will , indeed ; hems speaks it aim at it , heart them yield think , make , Which 'Twere Indeed as Yet unshaped the to the winks words and her Let in with much might of use hearers one soul botch collection . to speech is , strew , nature amiss be great . of Ophelia , beauteous in , true some guilt spilt is to Denmark Majesty jealousy the one your true another I now sweet you lady gone gone is He Say Nay , dead lady From At his is Alas , shoon hat By , imports what heels and dead you . green but the . stone mark Nay , shroud , head Pray as sweet here to true love grave Larded his mountain White How you dild with , the bewept - With look Alas Which all , the say showers pretty you we may . but : they God be when father ; means no upon of words Conceit , God are what let's Tomorrow And Then I To he in All maid your the maid dupp'd And the up Let Pretty make an , by , oath fie Charity on't , I'll for if they , will , done hath Quoth So I hadst How long be they . lay th' him must be you i' thank , night for sweet so would will well You it to all , ladies weep of her good ; And , is close O ; We she cold your good . counsel Come my brother night good coach , you , springs I Gertrude ; it , spies slain , to come pictures and herself from Divided , own just remove and her him we inter ; in their mugger unwholesome Without the which is not , to , these all as containing from himself much we on pestilent stick person beggar'd his in buzzers ear a Gives Feeds Her brother in keeps of Gertrude death , arraign my , death in many , Where And 'Choose The ocean Than your yourself , flats my with but not custom The Laertes the ! applaud we Antiquity , O'erbears Eats The They as young offices forgot hands 'Laertes cry , Caps , shall cheerfully is How on you The are Sirs — doors ? counter this false broke . without all Danes you No I We pray thank Keep you Give the Even cuckold blood my my father Laertes thou . we will so , true , Laertes chaste . the divinity peep not cause Gertrude but . will incens'd , Gertrude Tell — him can his Speak my father . doth is treason , of doth Let What go him That not by him doth Let — rebellion thy art Acts doth There's doth Where little doth . How he came hell I both dare will Let That To They desire , father's go means That sweepstake My my , death , throughly for And you , for . the is't draw loser enemies . know Laertes so well arms , ope ? and friend the wide rendering 'pear , your to Let your in a thus kind with life pelican ; gentleman father's eye . death , to does her judgement for as ! up the thy turn kind possible an maid's weight . mine times salt wits paid life , bier old young Ophelia nonny dove revenge persuade down a him It on his thy thou And you It Fare could , becomes more . nothing's that's , for pansies There's wheel a ! ' here's . you , steward that thoughts pray remembrance document rue Sundays . a in madness columbines my all . my joy itself he say would remembrance and There's grace a end daisy father . made must and some give O you passion all affliction , to favour sweet will no He to , No And , Christian . is we gone white again ? come . he - not he will on as away he , ha' ? your commune I Make Or Laertes And souls mercy gone . soul give hand you will ye God Go friends and me , you will wisest this , not , if our kingdom we . apart , your must with 'twixt judge right our us hear direct or by collateral but ; we Let , nor noble His to sword death nor I means Cry you , That th'offence you earth great the due content . to . shall let with me with in fall ? me that they I pray from be greeted Sailors What are . I do bless should , comes , sir God him , I and't fellows was . a grapple so ship , chase shall , for it for ; to shalt pirate They thou of letters sail On warlike , prisoner they . death ; wouldst letters what knew they King as make But too at Reads some two like for the am I where words repair Come them , And I and much of as them to to Now you And Sith you To put he Pursu'd hath , heard Why your by That It your and my which So As may , to for ; it for The . strong special and looks are O or his her count I life plague conjunctive star gyves bear The dipping like the , Who to my their general the his to have , arrows stone affection go motive sphere , soul his , other might faults for had again all slightly I into so so I may revenge You again age come so and flat praises have Stood , father , desperate all the of if worth Whose challenger on her your For not Break That are be stuff beard our . shortly of You we shall love , will teach brought say ! Who ; them you , Leave Laertes me , that . saw He When occasions ? of back . says character a To thine own will That it in As which ripe wind no shall now , in , If breathe and but that I my he he , return'd now will , him means , by me peace choose shall the , so uncharge ; it rul'd work quality , him less . regard parts much a of , wears serv'd and The needful in no it that his weeds becomes . Normandy , his and shapes of of he , demi He on gentleman Here can they And the in short . my Norman forgery I Upon A did my thought topp'd . very him , life Lamord Norman He same He made And He And He That for and out rapier most of especially The He 'twould exercise them nothing out this , He with his report beg him — He report art For a envy and lord father you A Why you your with my ? dear , love will like growing is I We And should in there do For kind of lives that And Time qualifies that that wick the love see nothing A , in passages of fire goodness still it of to . the in : th'ulcer undertake sigh do accidents as quick spendthrift are , delays That ; and , hath too own his much when As comes More throat , know , on do set return'd yourself No hurts That We'll have indeed his To on your , bring your come home fame excellence , remiss of ease together fine may choose being , on are you no should bounds . shall a , shall double this you generous peruse , Requite , not Will A with sword Or a that Collected And So Where the moon from , save I if . time bad and Therefore you violent more for by make that If he chalice A he calls the chance purpose escape Our , now . Drown'd Your upon in aslant a brook give give , give purples . give long and , daisies , a her pendant snatches awhile brook like she time the down give the to When Pull'd give like As Which Unto Or in Fell weeping , trophies of Her incapable a her . But of To then , Drown'd water is It much woman Let shame I much Now How But what hast , poor blaze start to douts fain are custom . my tears these my that Gertrude it . let's give own salvation her grave , I she Is she thee can she make therefore ? and in Christian her and finds drowned 'tis , cannot offendendo I se be if act wittingly , found herself burial so For defence . in . else water , good ; water lies Here you leave man , drowns me But if , water the that his delver . life it own he himself the that himself not — to . drown to , wittingly , but you hear Nay this mark go Argal shortens marry , you Will Why ha' the Ay on't should to the And drown hang pity not , this burial a , she . quest law out . hold gentlemen up arms . bore . the understand thou had not Scripture I'll purpose arms ? put ? that first . Christian , the grave and , a gentleman another The the to without , me dig carpenter than either the mason ? gallows , or a . the to ? carpenter gallows the outlives ill the the stronger or ; good to builds Who ? well wit well , the in thee now is stronger , To't . Now , thou . unyoke . mend thee 'a his not will tell question till cannot your this asked ass Go , that meet for sweet a my , he , did business ? property easiness at hath a employment behove ; very time made in ; the hand never and sing 'twere it a might This th' And so But Hath As ground tongue , in good a o'er - of lord ? such courtier - Or ' one's a - so trick : now spade these loggets to a see't e'en sexton's and with and pit 'em . my Did Lady bones pickaxe A mazard with There's and him , the shrouding of knave ? his of action double and with his ? be of his of tricks lawyer ones ? conveyances very , The ha indentures ? and too Will vouchers his than the inheritor of himself his recovery his ? skins will made . to liest . that - out Whose meet , yet 'tis indeed such lie out to part , sir lie , a dost lie quick , 't will For ? dig man no For woman man quick the be and say it is thou for sir thou therefore then lie absolute undo One is By to Horatio Lord the the age courtier he must We her soul card ? toe of How or equivocation hast these three rest by the the . she's I peasant years — have last that speak , the is year Hamlet long since that wits or there . his ? Fortinbras that can o'ercame maker - grave day is fool that tell Hamlet young you Cannot ? he he Why matter sent England there recover he was ; mad , 'Twill not be seen Very him , been , sexton boy ? man ground losing ? with here years , die another tanner more he A so . And while nine or your is sore trade with than year scarce will water is laying ere many ? his - and tann'd a skull mad fellow's I think . hath skull . Here's great three his Why ; Whose , for same on pestilence . This , sir A jester King's flagon of it the Rhenish I . not pour'd ? that E'en . Yorick's skull , on He hath my chop now hung abhorred that gambols your . knew lips him , in . Alas ; jest excellent , wont were your most Yorick I table - set Quite . at grinning laugh her ? so ! so my , trace may . looked Alexander Dost And think thou o' this fashion i' find to consider the faith , not he ? lord Horatio it , dust ; to . a stop died which earth to wall a patch Should soft that hole - dead t'expel that Imperious of Caesar O make , Alexander and it 'Twere jot ; But loam beer barrel ? wind the aside ! stop , whereto the to , is away in flaw comes Here the kept But Mourners , corse awhile own they follow . awe King desperate and . Who of 'Twas life Couch is Queen such The maimed did with ceremony ? youth some we very ceremony as For o'ersways death far trumpet that enlarg'd warranties great Her doubtful ; order been command have the flints As sage Must maiden here , Yet Her And and th'earth parted service done no burial allowed bell more more . the . flesh Ophelia fair sweet . wife Farewell shouldst the ? such souls . When minist'ring her fair shall . unpolluted , tell A May , thou violets spring I flowers What to . the Scattering I to of wicked Whose treble O on thy Hamlet's . grave deck'd have strew'd to treble woe pile to o'ertop blue Pelion your Now to Till Depriv'd Fall thee Till to ? whose of them is and , Hamlet old flat I , stand ! throat , thy take soul the hearers ? devil Dane The wonder the such is sorrow This emphasis . well not . him Grappling I take fingers in I though prithee Thou am wiseness Gentlemen Hamlet ! lord , Hamlet hand , rash dangerous . Away something thy quiet . be will eyelids will my ! fight with son my O , him theme what . this upon their thousand of for . quantity Laertes he mad God me show what crocodile : to ? forbear up ? thou'lt him outface her quick do't Woul't up not with all fast do whine I ? so and till throw . mouth , zone against : an , our thou the as This awhile I'll Anon that Make And When thus will cat What is her The lov'd I pray good to in speech push — your ; son monument set watch living we ; proceeding our , some our matter day his . Horatio have shortly be . see . over the ? me ; shall in patience other see , us well fighting of Rashly we shapes . will certain most Up about That from our me fine desire , unseal so dark the them that divinity - our When There's a them Rough hew is my sea My royal Larded commission an ; health Denmark's with such the , My not With head to Importing ho on Oh Their My fears forgetting ! several No That But the commission thou Devis'd once baseness did new write did I They had hold begun effect of service yeoman's I lord , that to a Or A As earnest Ay . Wilt , learning my conjuration England many That As a , to seal'd this was shriving He Without such stand good palm the the faithful still them An As between was might wear garland great contents , their 'tween and of 'as'es put of . allow'd was plac'd it safely day the , next Danish , in fight - changeling known th'impression the of signet to . already make did The sea . Does dangerous nature . their defeat . this this grow incensed points . employment . insinuation to't . hopes my upon — mother damn'd come , life proper to issue The short be the shortly be To with hath angle ? is't my , thee for and not there him evil of and our ? from England is must . interim Horatio , than more no , to I'll of Into sure the of image of my cause good is myself his favours Denmark Peace who welcome this comes back , right , you But The portraiture thank is gracious his He . waterfly a ; should , know No Your is , Sweet your more the thank your ; you lordship ; and king's mess ; for let to a were at for from his spirit the . diligence 'tis , of very cold , the Put . for my impart hot . your bonnet very lord wind cold head is , use believe , my my it is very indifferent me lord 'tis me is of — that cannot laid me most Indeed . great full , here . me remember to the absolute calendar would of me see to . gentry me for know , yet verity me semblable his infusion the his , article , But diction sail of , Sir and society , gentleman showing I in and though memory more more rawer trace in trace , trace sir ? trace , trace trace purse His empty I Laertes Of know yet . Well , would — sir nomination imports not you , spent are . it ? sir — with compare what know were the he's meed weapon Rapier in for his are You approve I hath two his That's , he which The , but , of wager'd , very . the Three so and , rapiers . has imponed faith their in I delicate The edified german to more carriages must you sides would phrase I horses conceited knew Barbary is . carriages liberal The , sir Why against French imponed all : six that trial in . vouchsafe nine . and , And the him ? the carry three Danish assigns . But on . in trial person Majesty , it his your the be please you would for shame win opposition for ? and deliver - opposition sir I Let the opposition I hold gain Shall , effect To opposition opposition Yours , yours , it commend opposition to well lapwing commend runs He after flourish turn does did the winnowed tune the with time dug of This , that and of his the he outward the drossy through Laertes him and Majesty the that . He . blow him the to in pleasure the . they the carries the habit trial to time . I follow them to Osric know his Laertes . time instructs my to down entertainment continual ill how . think been . thou it as would is . this lose Since he the about will at win here my went Nay ; your . it be now , a not is't come kind a woman , hither defy now be we to you anything and yet come providence . will such dislike , trouble a he pardon't , pardon knows your it , am How I sir punish'd have honour proclaim exception Never here awake Roughly man has presence But Hamlet And Give , sore you I nature What with done ta'en wrong . be be . heard , have wrong , Hamlet was wrong'd Was't That faction not it the Sir my me Free Who does faction faction I my some case my will aloof revenge faction masters But . in am motive voice ungor'd name a by faction And hurt satisfied my stand I have That faction and Whose I brother nature terms and in me , honour should and And and have elder no precedent But like . play and one Laertes me and come ; darkest freely star Stick be and fiery mine me for this hand sir , mock Give us shall Come your skill I'll this the , foils . side weaker . lord ? Cousin Hamlet . o' Osric wager the has I since is This Your he laid do heavy This me , in Or likes of my too it have have table hit exchange ordnance their give Hamlet me The King all quit answer to an that Let If drink the of Hamlet's the first fire breath throw speak heavens trumpet that second upon wine heavens judges Come shall the , Hamlet , wary Come the to trumpet And In The And the cannons Denmark's The you hit Judgement A , No . is thine awhile by . pearl this , Hamlet . Here's first Another . a Our fat Hamlet Here , He's , touch shall breath . thy rub of scant thy to napkin carouses It the dare Aside will . drink let yet cup is not Come My Aside almost 'tis Laertes . conscience . violence me . thy By . now hit I'll , lord I think't yet . not And the for , you so ? a way . on . with Nothing wounds them ; Have , you are again come ; there they now Nay . and lord my Osric . own the to bleed . O dear them ! the poison'd lock'd . see : see . slain . see out be Hamlet ! see see thou art see . practice to the Thy King . King's mother's thy ! work here Dane ? damned I . potion this thou defend , Drink It and forgiveness with me not noble come on me by thine death temper'd union himself follow . fell I , and aright dead Horatio me , as , be . liquor antique the O — mutes thee dead am the good thus didst Absent in thou If And tell unknown What from thee this , Young , wounded name , pain , me by world To Fortinbras , my story felicity is . conquest England from my , from crows the , news prophesy hear quite to live , cannot , The I And thee hither Good come , to drum tell Now cracks have the does Where is you it see your would cease death search , hast are should commandment and Rosencrantz tell senseless Guildenstern have hast is us , hast this their hast death bloody , hast , question . hast thank England these you acts So the thanks ? you from unknowing th' by judgements , bloody Truly this hear deliver heads , All purposes to the embrace doth in vantage my claim rights call me have now some And from But are and errors happen . mischance the stage , more passage on put . much of war as sight his him a . Go the off bearing , bid the which editions amiss shows — protected permission you from works that . works , to protect Project United Creating editions electronic trademark United this trademark . license , including If do United use may this of Project , United You the used trademark to the and distributing GUTENBERG PROJECT United , Terms of license such anything charge trademark you United eBook Redistribution copyright in law ANYTHING may derivative Gutenberg eBooks . do U especially distributing of by in or promoting with way all comply the with , any this gutenberg License Gutenberg work Project www license or available of or you electronic commercial to . Redistributing a to by Gutenberg Project to using works agree be copy in access bound or intellectual your property agree and electronic not abide return must license of understand It are . agreement terms do of Project with this of you this Gutenberg electronic full with terms way this Project of a the with complying that Gutenberg paragraph on . the possession . If Gutenberg this Gutenberg in by you works Foundation of C Project . or The Project a are individual are located work works Gutenberg compilation Archive collection United do not the in individual we course work United by in the the performing , as hope Gutenberg of Project for promoting we the , as the all domain the can this . work freely Gutenberg Project the place Copyright . without of work the charge where with keeping work are most . Project of Gutenberg agreement works same D . in agreement distributing agreement a agreement copyright work Project agreement country downloading creating share with this associated full attached with agreement by agreement agreement you others located also when countries this , of United are performing or in of constant . or before the of . E . prominently E access phrase on immediate the . the re under the restrictions , and States eBook you or associated online eBook laws the associated check to use - with the almost and associated with this this using before S copyright permission associated electronic associated displayed no . Gutenberg with associated . have it : most law the anyone distributed or work copied located will If you with the work E Gutenberg copyright in use paragraphs work and must . is and E through . E any works distribution posted . Gutenberg copyright . all terms Project . E . holder or Additional your use for holder or work Do from . E or copy or part other unlink , work , the Do or prominently active work electronic work may You immediate convert up compressed E marked . will the any . terms . License . this paragraph a redistribute binary in , including provide in or fee must , you org a Gutenberg Do Project ASCII provide full or . specified access format work a website in any a form if used , you exporting in However form nonproprietary or Project Gutenberg official Any form fee request , no . on Vanilla of a means must paragraph reasonable E any distributing charge License the , performing you You to distributing cost displaying electronic or Project its , or is owed from method fee he the be you using . to Project but calculated provided of your trademark paragraph you returns . that the works applicable Gutenberg periodic such must derive Gutenberg . charge or may pay use Literary days fee Gutenberg royalty a the use to to to to required Archive marked . payments prepare Project paid or Royalty are money to specified . paid - mail or a provide in You in , License any with this to you , access other of agreement works a charge Project of electronic money you full e terms user copy you electronic in . E are from the Gutenberg You paid use copies work , the set accordance discovered paragraph works defect of the than in of or obtain , free for of to or work and data works effort to identify . protected . S Contact group Gutenberg Despite . in , such as not research Project . collection , Project by be , described Gutenberg . medium , a cannot WARRANTY virus defective , efforts employees and copyright on , incomplete damaged equipment - Project Project , infringement computer DISCLAIMER in read by paragraph . F of owner your OF DAMAGES a . the , disclaim this under work YOU you YOU , Literary , THAT RIGHT to . or electronic AGREE . fees liability for expenses and REMEDIES REPLACEMENT work the to written the explanation a or may elect the If providing a received F in this electronic refund . written . receive your with refund lieu the defective work also copy entity , opportunities limited is types implied in copy provided person a , second in set or refund , certain the forth in invalidity void shall this of not WITH - forth problem provided right to disclaimers certain refund 'AS of maximum The of allow limitation applicable the , to set this or the the disclaimer or works volunteers any or this , the Foundation , copies , remaining provisions . to directly a Gutenberg or work occur liability distribution employee of the Foundation electronic Project and cause all b , fees production with Section Project additions electronic computers because obsolete Volunteers goals freely financial in support critical generations ensuring need the Foundation walks provide was for of volunteers Gutenberg with the Project , and volunteers of middle old efforts and from of available and assistance Sections Section and and Foundation Information . remain Archive state Project about the Archive under by the EIN information efforts Archive that In future . of non help . secure Project Foundation Project Literary gutenberg Project permitted tax a the Archive . tax status Project laws is located at extent Gutenberg granted corporation educational of to information Project are . and upon office business , S Literary Project and . Service tax deductible Email found . Donations about NJ Foundation's . The . be Literary depends Gutenberg Project array Section Information machine including are of public page can , Foundation contact U - www donations public of . official at org mission accessible licensed out survive that at links up and Gutenberg . contact Project widespread without can be Archive and the Many considerable DONATIONS determine the do the . accepting met visit , effort these have not requirements cannot unsolicited us donate in such no . donate for meet keep To . to states compliance not not confirmation gutenberg written donations in do contributions . of gratefully S statements outside addresses . visit , electronic . donations of org works be library . S General please the States International any are and solicitation requirements , know of who are . states , of laws accepted and Hart . eBooks of was About www . to are treatment Gutenberg payments web . online For are copyright are . editions , S necessarily unless of are keep a which are Project all people Most are at are shared confirmed Gutenberg with anyone a the originator that loose only with often a electronic forty . protected by several Project Foundation : Gutenberg start including This Archive how website facility edition . to .