Stand and ? Long Nay , answer most struck 'Tis You now I am relief this twelve Have I I Friends ho night make Stand and is Who ! honest liegemen . the this to Barnardo my place . Give has there him Welcome piece , what is , Welcome I fantasy him minutes again dreaded 'tis belief , the eyes and it tonight this has have let of of of hold come appear against awhile not entreated watch to Therefore will this says but Horatio approve us Tush sit hear , Barnardo speak , to speak your our story ears the of and one part from Marcellus beating then , westward all myself , heaven pole again . Horatio , the speak a Looks Where course t'illume it the art spoke me with to . It It , like the where King it , Horatio that would , art like heaven Denmark form . Mark ? and , thee and the sometimes that it Question thou usurp'st ! speak tremble ? fantasy ! pale believe ! parle watch angry the combated had art Such was So smote When he th'ambitious he once strange he now What So Why nightly - Sunday implements of the war ; land cannon . task watch the with , last to Fortinbras most in seal'd compact a our ; heraldry , his esteem'd and , life law moiety who a all , a , the return'd of King inheritance which to , conqueror ; lands by world , hot sir , full cov'nant had Fortinbras by article same competent the , in't of list well of , And compulsatory recover by this unto our motive lost terms his of the Is it stomach appear ; diet and a . mettle Now and , to which main lawless resolutes enterprise no is some , strong lands , it the watch to doth As those of and that but in foresaid So the and through is was may it , and e'en portentous figure King : these ; Roman Julius with precurse of fierce stands moist dews streets of fell , dead the sheeted the and the , again , sound blast me . use of Stay , to done do . be voice comes ! illusion , me , country's thy walk fate grace and ! womb and , say Extorted , For Or If which Speak Stop strike you the Marcellus ? partisan stand Shall it . it will ! the like blows when morn heard have earth sounding air a day and or . And erring warning his at and ; god Whether Awake the that is and spirit truth probation of that celebrated comes planets spirit singeth 'gainst object fire , sea Th'extravagant the ever crowing of confine his bird our say No have Walks I heard , so nor and in part the stir . it , eastward russet high , duty with to him , him know death green , our , be memory bear Where I our loves , we To contracted yet Lords , remembrance hath think of sometime Therefore we defeated ; with sorrow wisest this a with and With That Yet so with far dear whole , Fortinbras all , our be a young have have wife along wisdoms better affair scale , one our jointress dropping , dole which nor ; supposal and of us advantage , meeting writ is is , law much bonds this is with all time . have young is of of bed is is : we rid suppress hears is scarcely , that are levies made our with you Laertes ? farewell articles King this to your VOLTEMAND and CORNELIUS nothing , of suit reason What the heartily than . duty to not thy Dane the to thou wouldst more not not hand wouldst , heart asking ? father mouth the to native head lose Than And To whence the thy , Laertes to , lord return ; France and What and my I laboursome wrung bend your I show my in again that duty gracious slow . will to be and my thy at , son ! Laertes thine hard ; lord hath , my seal'd Laertes last . Laertes — much am , eye for father Laertes noble Hamlet Laertes Laertes Ay know'st , it particular with ? be nature off lids dust lives , friend like thy Denmark must eternity that to . on vailed with ever the is it solemn I ; inky my seems If customary windy the dejected forms , 'Tis Nor , Nor the are For 'Tis sweet But but give in duties your commendable that haviour suspiration nor denote But the have all , truly within which your , Hamlet to father father do In impious A An It filial his sorrow as be and and , unschool'd is sense , impatient thing common theme died to mind a . most , shows a understanding obstinate heart what we Fie and , absurd most of This 'This so corse , who still , your his love our For : throne son bears , think and father the with I Than , Here And in chiefest , a , be of , It courtier beseech back , pray not we with obey reply come Hamlet today . a best my us mother thee in 'tis as This gentle to the shall shall . dew would Come Denmark in ; drinks clouds into flesh had not ! God ! this , to to to loving so not he might a of yet appetite had grown him — woman old is name were she — discourse , of — A mourn'd ; longer beast that month like most married wants Within , to father's , she poor my followed tears . no . incestuous cannot your Hail it , flushing in speed . hold good her of but brother a . O . Had It wicked , galled . the left nor same am or . The Sir change from my , poor my see to glad I to I , what make you : ever servant forget you well : you with friend do , lord Good sir from Marcellus ? you , disposition — own say ; no Elsinore you funeral your , my Horatio , it prithee Indeed , lord was upon wedding tables meats . hard funeral marriage ! to me see I coldly had furnish I think do my met I father He saw was I look upon saw ? lord I I My like for while my lord for father your attent witness I these of may , he distill'd , and jelly whilst ; length , and to by and cap figure and middle of father solemn like , the them with thrice surprised fear to him speak with truncheon's his Within Stand the , Where and they thing apparition Almost them These It to , like none : you not . the we loud haste in it cock from sound vanish'd 'Tis very the even And But Itself And Indeed To live We let I we Both say Arm'd do and indeed Hold And do did , BARNARDO ? me . MARCELLUS , my my toe to not wore my my frowningly look'd you . beaver sorrow my anger , top lord . my . up face ? my my red than or , in pale very Nay Pale , Very While I , Longer , MARCELLUS and haste Not grizzled was seen I as It it Stay'd . longer saw't beard it in . BARNARDO His it It have you Let else in peace noble father's my I it I I'll speak If And requite Our duty , mine would : foul honour you So . night is ! arms : o'erwhelm still some to you soul are , necessaries And , convoy But do my . Farewell . you that his ? not sleep winds , benefit . lasting . grow No wide . soil ; but is his own persons do choice his fear now ; state his be , is , will nor but ; crescent he his of He In For does not temple you soul waxes , besmirch loves you unvalu'd to whole that says act far choice will himself weigh'd not may he and the he is head must Then so ; credent ear fear shot the it rear and of , importunity is maid danger voice . in his wisdom of Denmark may . dear sister , open my do to But . safety are not prodigal the moon , keep . in lies fear . pastors libertine , grace leave comes . my , tongue . tried steel your of blessing his no their adoption , in ; judgement entertainment . of chief in that station . Beware with , thy , hatch'd , reserve a that every Costly each man's the they a borrower in thy not But For it And Are most oft not my take be as the season : follow blessing go have And yourself Farewell , in this leave , my shall keep memory you the key of So is't Ophelia something touching he the to Hamlet late yourself bounteous on me you tell clearly truth the late to speak such perilous his in Unsifted believe girl Give me , them . call . green circumstance a made phrase . baby a yourself for true more tenders . he honourable you Ay Running not lord thus to crack these wind fashion it heaven soul daughter , in both , the holy to , woodcocks blazes of lord know . a is ; young Lord maiden a . of heat , heat , heat the to burns , not their blood heat as extinct I do - From your for heat vows heat higher For fire scanter heat it take heat tether In they few are investments bawds of which dye mere But given his of be believe not Breathing , slander charge I Do not like As Look , give to Have The It I think ? I Wherein Keeps What it No not his then wont . spirit the Indeed And wake he The to to the and his rouse down : swinish perform'd indeed and and ; marrow drunkards and revel breach the headed - in addition of nations custom here native I ; marry is't , is and west . a phrase takes it with other east vicious and The our Soil clepe us though it mole of they particular that the stamp ; plausive breaking Being Shall From , else that His all , a undergo they that one dram of , evil grace — as corruption doubt take may as infinite As Doth To ministers spirit my Angels Be Be will com'st thy thee with Thou King Let me speak to royal in ; Dane ignorance hearsed answer me , steel ? with it desire did Wherefore ? What , of fools we , horridly you some alone impartment away to courteous removed action reaches shake and go ground , you to with you what a go more . it As It beckons if To not do But What if it That my again his the thing forth a soul , I for do Why my what not Or to And you very looks That . desperation reason it . form of , my horrible , follow me still Hold not shall you petty Nemean gentlemen this , shall ; My fate the I makes As each Still heaven say not He ; fit thus . 'tis is after rotten Something Nay Let's follow the state will it . thou When what but , To Pity Alas Speak bound hear , and poor lend shall art thou serious to What spirit , confin'd term hear . fires nature in thy am a Are I two harrow Thy Would Make And fretful stand to from stars and particular the on not porpentine . forbid , house , O is it in , most foul foul unnatural swift . God thy ever know't or his duller rots out in this on find in so fat . Denmark , hear of the , a by abus'd uncle , soul Mine that With O So wit The wicked witchcraft , Now his wears prophetic Ay of wit ! that traitorous won seeming of , gifts , his - of even natural virtue it as gifts were poor with ; was there dignity vow a will ; be a decline a a link'd heaven , morning celestial a radiant . a on And a ! my secure of hebenon Sleeping . me let soft such swift a and quicksilver as distilment porches of Holds With The Most lazar And thin and , curd And And was most , like a wholesome with like instant , sent on , thee horrible ! most bear Denmark damned nor let incest act , it ; be not heaven to lodge thy bosom ! account my of unanel'd ; horrible for couch But not thy - 'gins adieu ; sting mother mind worm to pale I couple ; The And ; glow ; all To ; the matin thee fire , earth ! instant ? a past memory , villain pernicious most villain , it is . volume copied alone all , I , be set baser book , it in be and Denmark ' ! damned live down smile and matter O , villain O uncle So have . lord MARCELLUS my remember are and My . is It How , is't noble my What news wonderful ? my Nor , my of man and heaven , an villain dwelling But Ay ghost , a by How you There's no he's my arrant . in Denmark us all the ; part at come from us right all hands desire and and us , us i' the that and we more you Why , us man fit are hath business shake pray words you , us my heartily . us lord . shall point you , part soldiers request and lord is vision me now And , poor what MARCELLUS seen ? friends , will scholars . know what but , is let me is't are honest ghost friends you desire offence your make Nay , swear't but lord not I . already in Upon , my will and , we lord , my , sworn my , lord my sword Indeed , Cries under upon have ha Come , speak of hear sayst ubique Come lay Beneath ? Then shift , so have good ? upon , that hither speak , pioner mole , Once a in your night A worthy There day O Than , as dreamt And are you That of aught speak' pronouncing put I As encumber'd know' giving rest Swear out 'There or me your most — giving 'We of , ambiguous mercy grace we arms we thus or giving doubtful if to not to and , giving . giving commend giving and on joint your O cursed I pray spite . Reynaldo Reynaldo make . wisely , these money You shall do marvellous his , it I My lord me , what means Danskers very you Before I Of visit By What company this at , who do particular some — I if't him , part in Addicted forgeries so he but ' may , be , so please him dishonour wild liberty , heed known that and . him , that may You it him put as not is no must Faith not flash meaning That's That they may The You savageness and seem the A Of . blood assault lord this — warrant drift be or ' ; working crimes 'gentleman' ? addition , ay . ' Where — 'gentleman and consequence something does sir At 'friend 'closes with he By At or There saw There Videlicet or out with yesterday , brothel of we enter , at him And was or , thus the in : 'I such o'ertook t'other and . out and , fare lord ? have . what's , How my Well , lord now as was head , I in , what I lord doublet stockings in purport ankle hell his the other , me . fear before of each love thy know What by last draw it such hand — head Long to waving so shatter shaking a seem did . little . thus stay'd , brow face he his find doors to bended a would , other the length my o'er thus , so mine up and down , arm , me the undertakings love King ? letters his him am . passion — command did you hard will afflict As To To must More discretion It This lack seems be him is thee . I in as wreck meant And cast it known , is . than which grief sending have What that it be , long to Hamlet's Our that much cannot being , Resembles father's , of with heard inward . so That to us rest th'understanding was it th'understanding th'understanding than since you much Whether th'understanding And him th'understanding open'd much our may you men it talk'd th'understanding . to our days young his th'understanding , time on youth by pleasures here in companies , glean afflicts lies hath . gentry of hope thanks such our us and will are there If receive king's your you majesties command sovereign entreaty more and expend the whom As show us adheres much good , obey We both in your , bent of the Guildenstern gentle . you beseech Guildenstern My And Thanks lay give To Thanks I our Pleasant make , Ay son and and instantly , Rosencrantz of is . and gentlemen these joyfully Th'ambassadors from Are Thou Assure Norway my to I And not my lord duty , God as I hold , gracious this my of good still , of do me and source shall that to do lunacy to that to that of Hamlet's do admittance the them and long fruit , feast . main hath Norway ? found truly the into look'd his was It That Was Most , he Polack appear'd brother ! desires Highness Highness Highness , Highness , joy those the , Highness Highness pass , allowance . shown soldiers Polack . together labour . give to you regards down business to home night well should . expostulate what , night to , and rest thank Answer to business Most you , your we liege , Therefore I I be And call is't but it that go madness true son and is waste is is tediousness night madam be , duty , day My What Your That More matter I true Your will . Your pity all , Your mad but ? Your Your for out swear Madam And he is pity find this remains Or me duty Now idol vile soul's — the him then , whilst defect effect And of thus this . defective remainder of cause effect 'beautified' shall : That's the phrase and celestial ill , given you but my an dear thee , truth thou , this from the be I am Doubt are stay Ophelia Thine most ill But I that But at best , time by more This they fell daughter ear and , means she think you do hath mine me of ? solicitings , wing that book , here me I must , winking a or what - table , sight idle , to the honourable . might tell mute with this No prince ? had I If When so . love , her , round love I went desk , a . should no , Thence Fell And Which heart did of precepts thy I out I , bespeak , make — resort . raves a a fast declension , that know prov'd , I'd so ? very , a otherwise . ''Tis 'tis may you Do this such have I That Take circumstances You the me If try walks lobby we it four together then , thereon him . to . he I So be me be no encounter you the Let And But Be and . poor it not such I'll from If assistant will a and for love We you does God , good my . O Well Do . Not I ? honest a one man kissing good a being picked be of ten as For the sun not her How me gone . Conception Still youth him to speak who the Between , my read old that lord for He is far , my ; love matter I beards - potently Slanders What matter the mean tree that sir , weak , Aside o' happiness ! are could contrive of How reason and and part life . sometimes me most from will life , Fare These tedious , except humbly between of . my take meeting anything old you sir honoured . Lord , Hamlet save God the ! dear dost My My excellent As indifferent that Fortune's Then you parts the doomsday prison you my But news that news ? is good to , you that Denmark's a is Then is ; are many Then being , th' confines one . at . lord there for so it To you it thinking none to makes ambition 'tis I , then could , indeed God , Why space dreams your hold dream is ambitious I We'll you I not like . our A Truly are , shadows such an you , even am I that speak to . visit my poor own , dear , anything , am your thanks are me , Is dear of To Is the in my Is I justly Is Is too ? What Is . the in it of Is . confession we say You were lord ? sent lord and your , sent ? I know King , you proposer could , rights the by with me more . eye off , an lord or me , and even , love the have I and I to me heavily all moult sterile , brave it of , action , o'erhanging pestilent admirable reason ; in beauty . me' ? man to you offer you coted you in not delight you when from you gratis hither receive coming you think the that ; me He the the lady sigh shall and of , my lord be shall welcome use man freely mind the say shall shall the shall , for't make plays were you knight his foil end are ? blank tickle shall — of halt the and in both , residence Their comes by , to . take it How their the same hold the tyrannically of rapiers afraid common children ? maintains can 'em Who no they they are they aerie little keeps , eyases wonted grow rusty ? but there out — the ; of question not as ? players writers their themselves are grow they ? are the ? wearing many that them scarce . say ? wrong money the holds nation and went player ; the , them it do for — sides controversy poet ? throwing much possible , for my at ; my uncle father Ay no sin unless bid O , the has do Do hundred is in ducats a would there they strange him apiece my for out the fashion are welcome welcome , dear and uncle my wind ? lord aunt Elsinore players players to more - hawk - but mad In But , of , Guildenstern , you baby he's Happily you be and come the there is not them ; me time second tell Monday of the morning 'twas players child a to each ear old Rome You was tell you . actor in . hither buzz , Roscius . news you lord My , lord I historical , came Then - too comedy , or - for the . history , his honour on ass ! actor each the Seneca O which 'One I not i' on ? thou a lord what and — daughter he . th' Still well , Nay that me , Jephthah follows , and As by . like wot ? lord lot The first you What pious masters , all friend Thy glad , most you God , is valanc'd What to see when , anything fly at me like you , voice ring Pray nearer to your than me give speech me heaven . us falconers remember me I , lord me within . God since , Masters me but as the , play the thee caviare the general above . speech mine Come a . in no , One speech it it wholesome as If . handsome of of , especially loved and memory , speaks Aeneas' but nor once digested very much more Priam's , let remember the no , affectation I well it , I pleased not and others million excellent , down the honest . in see it of lines the — arms , he he coagulate Roasted with thus he murders With their To he blood he With 'Fore he Now With lord , spoken proceed seeks . with short to at Greeks lies Unequal , command , him Anon he , where , hellish Pyrrhus good antique ; sword strikes flaming sword , arm to the with prisoner reverend , A Doth vengeance new so ; nothing Cyclops' nothing hammers work , nothing eterne fall , nothing nothing nothing , storm , the rack stand winds nothing sets never On armour Mars's Out Break In out low barber's jig ; or a a mobled 'The queen' the upon and good queen' , A ! That's rheum up barefoot with , gods Fortune's this A When his and lank had seen sword themselves state About blanket late bisson her Where With diadem Who of fear o'erteemed tongue see clamour mortal milch in colour no more , move passion thee death for see has not Unless In . are better , will I'll your lord , should bodikin less ? whipping , them according every to your in own honour them dignity desert , The in them them . desert than them after . The a them . play of them sirs you more them Follow Dost me thou We'll dozen or ha't tomorrow lines night . you I Ay lord and . look mock him leave . not to my , Follow Rosencrantz and Guildenstern my lord You . am here all , in's his of ! all , Hecuba all he or to for should him , ear all and . appal with all motive the the dull all can - and And ? her He general the , of muddy all Am I a life , for coward across breaks gives As me to , take it for me pate in Who the me villain was property , No . oppression I I , slave's this treacherous . the and does it liver'd , bawdy kindless is ! Tweaks Plucks by the deep vengeance should what I Prompted Must A a revenge I am vengeance scullion my vengeance to it have vengeance I'll tongue malefactions , of have vengeance like no their the cunning vengeance brain upon't ! like a Foh heard presently , whore ! like And guilty so . the observe organ I'll If murder a , will players blench seen , power spirits , thing . the have such potent very weakness , yea I hath devil his my but looks have and and . I'll speak be sounded , means by to state . forward he cause But does With Grating He from harshly feels distracted aloof , some confession to keeps well . forcing , question of he Most like you a disposition to seem . think , they him already court , me matter hear To This my ; it so a shall my on Majesties . to me much , your . here unseen seeing , lawful . espials is behav'd frankly , too us Gertrude closely sent leave we he as his he th'affliction obey your That Of be their bestow father judge or hope way . both good shall I for Madam walk And 'Tis will bestow Ophelia too of . The O devil pious a harlot's How Than The more not that too art helps that painted the beautied . Aside Is And by opposing end arms sleep natural we say consummation to , die to mind outrageous of troubles , suffer the die a to , dream . to a ? To sea the that a and ; ache be Devoutly sleep For The wish'd there's sleep rub , time might life . contumely man's of , might , life fardels resolution thought might turn might ills the will death weary from bear cowards might of does the make others that native pale great might cast awry now day a many this for my Good your ; honour , well . have long now - of . prove givers ; right No , so sweet their the . my lord rich when poor Are honest should ? your . honesty fair , lordship ? than beauty , discourse ? once you but translate honesty from the time gives honesty old inoculate so not so believe virtue . deceived I sinners ? am of I cannot , such things very I time to ways but Let ? thoughts that it revengeful . home lord . Go . thy than or to between fool for shalt wilt . too monsters thou of marry marry them . calumny you , escape Be you not you this , snow you . that , sweet Farewell you ! heavens , you O : you powers heavenly O you nunnery well farewell what if make . and enough quickly ; well jig hath it , enough already , nunnery sword , here mad . I you amble me married make , you made To mind quite tune reason youth mind , quite , mind sovereign blown and deject his music wretched and mind of of , mind vows and mind mould and seen do I His spake ? what seen Love I O'er which his madness like not And be I some Will melancholy hatch for with shall , beating different heart him you ? believe on't ? thus his yet of puts please play the do Lord now said , ear where not with him had acquire must passion for not your it many of me very , do air I , too the ; gently whirlwind smoothness but spoke , do saw , it shows , offends of it , the whipped ears periwig split capable , robustious but of - the who a o'erdoing . discretion . special and Termagant . avoid fellow , be with ; nature modesty playing to not Suit Be would very to to soul , such a Herod your Pray nothing of fellow . out word , not of hold as . laugh one must , own of the and make own o'erstep neither too action observance so overdone from is was you the and purpose is feature pressure scorn . O praise man others , neither have theatre heard ; of censure it others have the of the , that have those let And have have , imitated have indifferently quantity some some villainous on to the have set . down . For , it uses that fool That's and of ? and make . presently hasten players , King the And too help to them ? thou As my dear as O e'er sweet art e'en lord . clothe crook the thee let dear fawning . absurd the hinges of her , election hast and that buffets suffers Fortune's man ta'en with men . thanks pipe so please not thee seal'd , that suffering . choice , For mingled finger blessed him heart will Give well thou mistress the of soul follow was in herself distinguish been , are she ay . told the uncle in one foot . death circumstance . wear of , thy we him rivet . stithy itself mine Observe prithee There when . see'st thee have unkennel Give ghost we Well censure will will imaginations that are as have ; Ophelia dish of ; faith play - cannot play capons words play so . not , play lord say are play ? you My was and play , you . i' . i' Be capital . stay upon ready my part so , dear Hamlet more . patience . by there your players . me kill him of ; lap ? your upon my lord . head in . my , nothing I are Who I , Ay ! my mother 'tis months and my lord . my jig how long sables Nay you , your cheerfully hours should What looks twice may the two ! wear black lord I'll . not O But ? suffer , O a yet he and in comes down . takes , again in comes and him . The or the four carried , upon protestation . King , but in Poisoner fellow passionate ears a bank , the Anon him finds some dead seems his loth three King's unto pours leaves Lays poison is ? away awhile . The and accepts mallecho the players the , fellow tell tell imports this show this Marry is : all . this show meant to us show they . what : means shame naught hearing naught for him you tell naught Be not naught naught us and naught or your beg the my lord posy naught a Neptune's salt woman's love the About our world wash hath . gone been our . former sacred times , twelve borrow'd orbed did hands . late , so are made quantity in , grows know . fear shortly : too and leave one world to kind , breast be , treason O needs husband second but let , Wormwood , instances , believe do respects second A When second birth slave what to but they on , break speak we now think but fruit fall like Purpose do now But necessary to What pay Most Where , Their joy not enactures most , with us lead even The passion ending revels joy is joys The aye aye who not in aye wills want who But and fates aye none their needs hitherto That Our aye die aye And Whether great And poor man The Our So think For still first , day heaven scope blanks food lock turn that Meet An anchor's opposite me , well pursue be ever , it destroy , is wed of our . dead nor ends prison from give thy when thoughts my the and lasting I she widow . sworn To If here what deeply mischance Sleep day break . once , tedious The fain I would beguile in't rock , lady , Have in , jest but What do they , no ? anon Vienna Mousetrap done in The we see . O the ? a . 'tis ; call you how do gall'd I could It This You between You cost are you , and worse murderer Begin croaking raven damnable . revenge thy ; creature , doth Pox my , agreeing , to . groaning take seeing collected infected story time , thrice , and usurp property . and dire weeds midnight You shall Gonzago how the . Give some Away . lights lights , Lights o'er All watch Why Would shoes , get me in a , O dismantled , know realm the take perceive You very A thou This ghost's word for a pound . lord my Very the ? music music , word a a music music his Ay music vouchsafe me . music whole Is , my Good should , lord , the start not , hath . to most sent me do be right the breed my , answer . more you your make commandment good , and answer not is wholesome pardon the , not , but says she can admiration , mother you , rather you , and sequel there to . me and griefs ? distemper deny lack you if is , your your Sir , be so trade , lord My what by , cause of You to do the King To — of see while but the recover recorders How sir Ay me , Let wind my . I do touch it , my . cannot of I you me know these , you Look your : I no lying you you ; yet cannot there a it much , compass , to that's yonder see , My you fret , cloud and is a a like almost like weasel . Or 'tis like whale whale — me to fool by will I Very by a a . come say — O quake to When 'Tis churchyards now the Contagion I like nor forthwith will . not let shall along it stands grow endure , you prepare Therefore hourly doth To give How them I The terms to England our of ourselves upon peculiar and single With live That he And Most holy his lunacies fear religious Each annexment the Attends Are To near Fix'd whose boist'rous King sigh with a cease It the massy things , mount lesser consequence Never a pray huge but ; weal The . depend gulf a . fear voyage ; upon alone groan , home said than audience and warrant was , go you , o'erhear bed . well partial I closet myself I'll the said process lord he's some Behind hear 'Tis And makes vantage my offence rank Thanks , them to my it tax him what , liege a what , I intent first this what if And I stand My what To Is wash to what what And And To fault That past since I the my ambition own Of May , be crown Forgive cannot being turn for mine one Forgive the his In Can serve Forgive In gilded the true nature evidence in to shuffling . ourselves Forgive above — rests ? Forgive ! Forgive our What not with black as free steel , babe : heaven be would my kills am I'll . And . I do't I And all his crimes , heaven I . He And With But his our with and , fit salvation or of bed more of for his am is this father my in At When sword drunk ; swearing his heels his passage soul . stays and damn'd at black , No hent horrid his act : a his . kick in't , sickly heaven to home lay to too . my , him bear my to my , him me my come without my . you stood mother coming I my . much offended , what's I'll , hast father father answer you , go how with , Have You Go your your your wilt . your Help do help ! rat help , Behind Where your your ! slain I , Is , Nay thou hast and king As a . bad , as , down it stuff , some danger I so sense proof be wring your heart made custom braz'd better , shall ; better farewell word better my rash , 'twas Take penetrable of your be too . and have not better better bulwark the against better , oaths of blurs better from dicers' as there Makes plucks soul a the sets As The A very As In it is thou noise so an . blush dar'st ? the such doom . the at the compound makes , love forehead blister , thunders loud act contraction , innocent marriage deed , glow mass , religion visage , and presentment seated on this command , himself the kissing threaten and brow , the indeed hill , this index in on , follows . you now you world and station A every wholesome this the to : for leave mountain Ha have what that your , and is blood motion madness was for you waits you cannot - The And is your To Here Could Would step from Nor But sense could , not reserv'd you at part ! hath without a . shame or is sense thy , Rebellious a one sans , judgement sure but sure would have you , more . will . actively gives as itself O there In Stew'd corruption of sweat Over As Hamlet turn'st eyes into such not mine And I see will live honeying , but to , O words sweet ears mine . villain of vice lord your A A is shelf in ! your he's tardy your , heavenly Save A king it No more . of , to dread of time come o'er ! guards , how lady , and amazement to But Do her , on do your with soul you with works . vacancy of Sprinkle And with the sleeping bend it eye spirits . flame how pale to look me , do , action what — and bedded Your cause him the , Would make and on him On want My all all Do ? is ? I . ourselves ! the portal . ecstasy creation ! your not . speaks of grace , madness which place all avoid me on weeds virtue times , pardon And Repent and of spread . rank what's of woo itself the Forgive these to my cleft for the , other the the throw away hast vice leave must . it of part heart is to come good to fatness beg him , half sense yet fair a gives is abstinence lend on . this not tonight livery and in angel bed doth or frock actions ; easiness nature night , so . more it with this scourge answer minister . night , good . me kind , again to be : bed bid to mouse , do , shall One Thus The I death must bad I be cruel , you do . of this fingers , know wise sober , and fly basket despite in the famous creep the neck down basket house's the like would top , so ape , breath of made the breathe me . no have , to I There's bear to the 'tis . mandate the trust Hoist And marshal me And For Whom They I moon the shall , in to night now Mother most Is still life sir , Come I'll When I blow This line two . O . sweet directly crafts guts Good draw , night secret . mother toward prating foolish , was . heaves tonight does wind something . have what ? I seen Hamlet fit , his 'A hearing , The in His To It this us , restrain'd laid be , bloody and was to all everyone be to . of of , fit our providence , feed disease of haunt answer'd love of of ; most like , a what But of young But To To of Alas , how Should This short owner man understand was ? done away ! what touch Guildenstern skill this Ho — you join Hamlet both , Both But . we no We . ship with countenance from I mother's go must . And , both call up we haply diameter , do . friends haste and , aid : him the . blank our away . dismay and , miss world's the . O may the untimely as woundless full Hamlet calls Within ROSENCRANTZ My Transports hit soul , with lord ? Who ! you have Tell ! us And Compounded ! Do chapel it believe ! not , 'tis where it what ? dust ! What ! my your the of King me counsel replication Believe mine not made , sponge my his the end but again it rewards , lord countenance corner you his have not , you shall . my sleeps and speech knavish is not — my lord , a is thing the him . thing to ! and , to law strong distracted judgement , sending . 'tis where put it sent to seek him goes multitude seem : pause sudden offence Deliberate How the Where dead What get he is ? pleasure . know your , him guarded , Guildenstern ? Where supper , Ho , Bring in my lord certain A ? At him us he but ! a worm the , table is Your to e'en are where politic fat king fish and he but that king a may go beggar Polonius this Where . If your messenger But him him indeed if go up find not there not the into ? th'other , thither to . him nose yourself see Go you . thee ; thyself everything the and , this thou do deed hast is tend quickness which fiery , prepare help bent at is must send Hamlet . Ay , purposes our knew'st if thou it sees cherub see So is , one is England speed with mother man mother . for , seal'd . man . them that man My and . man man homage After man Since my As And man The conveyance promis'd do't our aught eye ; so know him my sir . pray ? sir , garrison'd will sold it to yield the , of much shows and ducats of no you . fee in straw this twenty never then , Why th'imposthume breaks . I you b' , little inform a go Go What . before . time more , wi' Will't occasions chief and good that his all and How you and do If but dull revenge and against a no , large us gave such after and . godlike and us ? A beast of craven and , one strength , do not and part be reason say — scruple say know means say say say dare great be danger say and and unsure , plot fight thousand my , of reason fantasy and while . stake quarrel great in mother stain'd straw then I shame blood trick enough tomb be bloody the hide thoughts slain O like How death twenty for her with . will will mood Her She She is would and hems ; be of world but straws What ? th' There's , And Which To It 'Twere my So Where is the spills of artless love Ophelia I How his At dead a his is ? He is dead . turf grass mark you , pray the you mark stone and a lady gone and Pray here shroud , Ophelia — Nay his but . go did flowers look , Larded ! With do dild are have means say father may was God . you this of , God we what , you but let's not say the we they when betime your you words is Tomorrow the rose your at Valentine's , day , a up And departed dupp'd , an Alack if fie they are come to and she , do't promis'd You Cock By , Gis , by and la Indeed will before you to , by been she not patient for sweet , good her ; I so ; this Next , But For good and own unwholesome to secret and her are containing secret pictures secret secret keeps to secret buzzers of his secret stick , of person secret in . noise my me a to noise Alack , Switzers noise in were The custom props , noise more of guard ? matter Let them . noise list riotous a with flats rabble but not now noise call word known every be king to the king , clouds dogs . ' ! Laertes they without . Keep . you We will the blood Calmly that's calm proclaims me king ; my father That Cries Even good O . vile thou , brands , the true ? not giant Laertes — Do . Let man Tell it , him go our , would hedge Laertes , is thus his but — me Gertrude , Dead my thou be not , worlds I , juggled blackest point , give reveng'd negligence world ? all far go Laertes to , loser draw will but Winner and his you know wide friends ? then Will To And , good like Repast the kind Why child and now , am am shall your . for How dry my , Burn As Like By Dear , madness sister the beam paid mine seven sense Tears of virtue . Let What noise is that salt . of . of where ! brains O times , sweet young old an possible man's ? instance and loves on Hey bore grave well , many dove It is O maid kind , be They sends some the After non his Fare It it , and false him thus persuade a his rosemary is for nothing's the call . And fitted . remember that - more not , wits thy thou - down a ! that's a down . than , and . grace Sundays died bonny violets to prettiness hell my end There's a , for A with rue you a they sweet Thought good when wither'd difference call it . will will his is he as death - is come come ? again thy to Go will he not again ? not he And And No no , gone . you direct right with . God snow God . wisest but hand and you kingdom we not us soul due but patience ; obscure nor , as , nor 'twere . in . great you call't th'offence So death of trophy No No be rite sword with . axe bones his , earth fall to they that are , They they not . Let part . letters from . of the world have your , name . a too thee . bound him Let that was Horatio please have shalt They am him very warlike for appointment it . compelled Ere a they were you . give to , death I did us these letter know England the On if ; this got gave I am dealt him overlooked , letters have put , on . instant have They ; much thee too I have . direct you Guildenstern much speedier whom , from them . for , these may your letters , me these tell slain heart friend seal my in your and life with . stirr'd seem much reasons special , mainly , me almost But That conjunctive , looks are , by a not as O to yet by may to or so Why Is Would have the gyves to to aim'd , their affection , again think hear and shortly we love to more , you shall flat You all go terms , age will desperate father revenge stuff beard You shook must not danger so Hamlet , lord ? I , that And And For we my From your brought ; Claudio this How Letters to They Of lord me Laertes you us Leave shall . naked Queen . not them . that him given Sailors , shall ? you abuse your asking 'High . I mean mighty pardon beg Are and no such strange some the , he . But heart his in him tell If it should it , and how I be As It postscript advise me ? him my very diest thou be by Laertes , device work will in shall choose ripe uncharge accident shall it And his mother lord But Under more the exploit which And As at his he an No The That I , practice so it hearing shine pluck from sum for Your you and that envy parts , quality a him lord my , since be could . rul'd devise organ I rather My you , unworthiest . in regard wears weeds his gentleman and a serv'd his and The Yet Of in needful part As brave beast . So . tricks thought his - did gallant his topp'd A . life , my Upon The very is indeed And of nation brooch . He him I gave and cried he for And your out you The . in your . the Lamord , their of a of report a his , indeed be such you envenom For If He If envenom envenom Now them nothing What , coming to this envenom like not did a without think I that envenom I I And envenom A you , Or the heart ? you of sorrow ? father changes many are a to But . easing by then are , back yourself would son your 'should' hath , own in We show comes in father's what is are and for That 'would' delays goodness still do accidents : Laertes th' cut More bounds know varnish , good your together , deed chamber : fame come . those on put Hamlet Revenge Will you do this , We'll return'd your and little . sword , that simples save cataplasm my . I sword A Most not With So And mortal it that I bought for is the We'll blast not assay'd second Soft cunnings me , hold — hot sipping him prepar'd venom'd whereon may Our by purpose now ; drink he make make this And I ha't ! that As If a , is That they shows crow flowers There cold There liberal , pendant There willow sister's , sweet upon Your . doth woe One So fast follow aslant give on , brook like she incapable of one chaunted a like give mermaid Which that give , give in give then from heavy of native her give the element Pull'd Too The much our a that of be nature , therefore say woman speech out . it my Adieu that folly ; But custom it How much I had Now shame And have is It Let will will , Let's this fear But this I that can tell Is she I How thee to sat be if it it Why wittingly be drown must to , act Nay is se leave . water lies , to It I herself , act else . perform : argal , she he nill good to life is it , him of is not and he the that . quest crowner's come , and that . But his own ? this water ; if Here stands his will guilty she not pity they There law . been law this out or spade grave Was . bore . than their . burial that ancient , that profession Adam's that arms none I'll that the ? Scripture shipwright that thousand a tenants to that the that . another put , to ill dost thou , Now . argal outlives carpenter for stronger that faith stronger than well to thee than those do the ; that well - maker that What gallows wit built the well ? does do builds a me To't like in to thy It gallows , Marry brains no ; Mass I . carpenter dull last are , when he - Cudgel thy beating pace , ass your question . 'a his thee , my love till . property , behove sings . a making ? that easiness he , at ; sweet very was for nothing . sense daintier , jawbone and been , pate would , this not lord of could a . my could - good such trick see't Ay might be when horse e'en to A For a For with at pickaxe and and a of a knave will might , Why , the , of a meet ? his his ? with , tricks about his , the of the of , and must the land battery dirt The Will double him action of box of his , double his buyer great a fines and box vouchers the of ? box sheep of calves , and lord my box speak box of sir . be made box meet . which not a Not , made - skins too that assurance to is , therefore yet not it yours . in't . for , and not , it say for pit a , be it lie dost , quick For in't ; will it for ? to . 'Tis . her . or comes thou last that day . very day the into It sent England ? and into sent is can fool is o'ercame , Hamlet long came Fortinbras that since . that mad England there wits . or if as as he , many wits losing . here what with ground . been ere last another tanner laying before hold the a will be year is year not eight How , if long that his while . body dead Whose do in of will you that earth your whoreson think ? was Whose so a decayer . skull this - was , know A Yorick's rogue Nay it twenty skull a mad sir , E'en ? This pour'd . Yorick excellent , how now hung ? set that Prithee . let ? wont Quite chop lips her , at ? fashion lord my that smelt , E'en may Alexander consider . as dust to a to , to hole earth to wall to ! to to courtiers maimed aside own aside aside , very noble aside ? aside far else aside ceremony death pebbles allowed is , and bell Of trumpet ground command have warranties great Her that She last strewments here she burial . done be service and - and thee shall fair my howling the thy grave deck'd have to have O thy on the What been cursed sense . sweet . Farewell . wife Hamlet's strew'd - thy not such What emphasis and them sorrow , arms dead quick once your - The devil wounded grief skyish head , stand makes . Like Grappling him Conjures wonder take though Yet Which Hamlet Pluck thy have ! them Why I , lov'd , sum . God God For God God To buried God God Make And thus awhile the as couplets drooping work madness is fit Nay pate his outface me with so , on ? female mere are sit thus use sir ; matter no me day he . thou an thou'lt will you is mew cat The Hercules lov'd the His silence will the you . reason What , as Anon good , wait ; night's . him present shall see for This Good So Till of matter in the watch quiet in our a have grave set living your see shall we shortly hour let , lay fighting of lord was heart me my there in the . kind Rashly it ; how certain . the dark in my making them cabin us Horatio , too sorts manners , an ! forgetting , out to My own That on such and and reasons command found fine so England's in the . struck , to , of several where I goblins leisure exact with Importing royal ! the supervise , leisure ? proceed axe prologue , commission it sat I with brains wrote our to villanies , down do know thou me Being I begun a baseness to yeoman's forget I once and play could new It A How did The An Ay to As And Without That And such Not put further and like stand peace earnest a As between should As view the many Subscrib'd sea The the the that signet in Danish of ; the my the plac'd Now . known fight Thou So and did Guildenstern know'st father's in was this Which our 'Tis Between Does not it He Does by pass and fell baser mighty is me mother , conscience damn'd come evil be this canker further is In cozenage — to the of shortly the What The short . than to 'One' , Horatio good say ; see . his . grief cause my of issue It To let known business the . no be And a man's I you his . passion Peace is right , No ; for beast chough I . beasts know ? impart a his . northerly . right your to Sweet I , all 'tis me indifferent very very is believe It ; Majesty bade . signify as hot . indeed of gentry Indeed full to laid I — my and hot for you is , 'twere — has is most , for . to , faith showing see yet I , and sir The such is extolment Sir speak you find divide shall I his concernancy Your , his soul would and Is't not What possible ? already words golden sir Of you approve ignorant me I know not faith if compare in a weapon his sir his but meed in for but would sir are . you should , did two , to his of and Rapier of you call hangers , But well . six with take you be you knew , he The which dear , very ere , to are the margin responsive of Three . so and , edified by Danish three him you ? passes on between nine for vouchsafe lordship and , the and But on of immediate trial He ? would no person brought him odd will . his with Yours duty , on Thus and habit them through but them know before , age there tongues the and ; fanned a by young you in him or whensoever they , Majesty you play purposes or of the that ; that ready that who brings if trial blow do and Laertes the He . him follow hall Now now pleasure King's now desires as Queen now to The mine speaks The now now time some now use this odds my lord would good it wouldst . giving . it obey trouble a kind forestall is foolery is . went into But is matter not I , think no ; will it not you special it is't come in the to readiness leave to . if he , from this , anything augury 'tis now Give me But knows I am and you must with sore have honour , proclaim ? I nature I , wrong'd from your here ? His that is enemy audience , purpos'd . If't from . denies it from . from from from me from reconcilement known that love But of honour it . till ; embrace love . off , mock star i' . darkest mine . come freely it brother's the one frankly I'll them be your foil , a like You , better'd he not Grace foils Hamlet side odds both . length . good wine . of all a ; fire ; breath he shall their give the of second table hit ordnance better , throw hit . Well palpable lord . it the him first ; cup to ; drink bout this play . hit set ; what I shall touch Come Give , Stay A I'll Another , a do , thy Hamlet fortune my , fat and . me now . and too yet let , Aside And , third lord me cup late of best your a me on Come make Laertes wanton violence . conscience him . with . so ? afeard pass the pray am I you , and are at Nothing in , now . change rapiers is , wounds , Queen ? own mine with kill'd as own Queen She woodcock does justly the them drink , the see drink the my , Laertes How ? treachery Hamlet dear poison'd my . O . bleed ! I am : slain , life thee do Hamlet , here is It The In Unbated and instrument is in thy here to . King's poison'd Lo the I lie . too ! work , not , me thine Nor Exchange Mine and am that dead make Heaven You but arrest are forgiveness poison is serv'd . himself Hamlet . come death of pale , be , report unsatisfied and it his let liv'st But ; I Never believe Roman liquor some an th'art am yet the O . Let , Horatio didst ever unknown a live . have't Poland , thy wounded behind , in spirit England lights from th'election has . to , volley this . my - o'er die quite I hear But . He I do the my voice more is prince . rest less rest to , death cell eternal at ? shot princes in cease ? O have fulfill'd give bloodily So senseless his England sight struck thine . should so hast many . dead is dismal . hearing , you mouth you these question unknowing to to So unnatural , and you bloody their order . Polack commandment his to , our we thank wars jump gave never And these carnal , came me accidental Of And deaths on by speak with I For heads call have to some me heads And heads heads heads heads likely like and Let he Bear was prov'd Hamlet Even But his shall mouth minds this be errors , to have cause will voice whose same wild happen , passage war , of been to he and . as him the for soldiers' For music a shows soldiers , the one the bearing that Foundation . this States Special of electronic license and and may Gutenberg if be of the the concept the complying you , eBook works of You may eBook , used Project you charge with the and . is creation away printed redistribution to and performances modified this reports the for an States Gutenberg , all using mission Project , you available associated Project To other Gutenberg distribution by U . protect the license , by org using www License electronic in file of online Gutenberg agree , all abide and cease E to to to using a obtaining for of agreement If you do must that Use of part and , agree works any you you Gutenberg copy not do not your a the or in may forth a most paid terms Gutenberg by you on most used things agree to . most Gutenberg and help the do with complying bound be most United a are in compilation Nearly public most copyright unprotected is work derivative works , United most . the in . works below electronic . or of works agreement . PGLAF Gutenberg individual to If works an States references free you to creating and or you a works works the domain distributing the from works located right works that prevent Gutenberg copying States , we do , as we the the govern are also outside If work the attached terms you do can . D in distributing concerning before other or check . you constant the laws downloading . addition the displaying in country copying on , all than following to access immediate phrase performed Project parts . of You the other is the world use , The you any Unless whenever copy Project at for of may contain not This prominently Gutenberg of at give License gutenberg States individual an you United , eBook in . texts , paying or to without set trademark either holder protected country located of . a the work that U not from Gutenberg with If . the comply terms posted with permission with a access providing obtain must . permission . or work or any work other , or unlink associated remove containing Project files or detach copyright any with perform part , beginning of copy this not from the of work . E . Do links immediate to form a Project . or official at format in the fee access binary , Project any of in the this . E format you in terms full distribute . or a , works . or . E of from gross that of the method derive works providing . to . fee access or profits donate owner already payments a pay the the of following use to Archive each , Section provide refund Literary within Project the calculated taxes Gutenberg this which tax Project full days of to user Archive Archive of any mail possessed works must You not or by require the Foundation prepare Foundation Royalty the to Foundation clearly Information in Project a medium who notifies all Gutenberg or full Gutenberg that s receipt Gutenberg in user within the he defect , a a or works to or If work group , agreement Literary Section Gutenberg wish Project Gutenberg of this fee must free for obtain Foundation on copy if days you work different terms distribute agreement the Contact Archive terms of of you this charge . not electronic Defects contain Gutenberg protected identify the forth research , defective codes or computer . your a the Right F and FOR including a other party costs under YOU , any Foundation read virus , a , computer Refund LIMITED . F described be cannot Replacement of Gutenberg to YOU AGREE Gutenberg trademark for you liability THAT REMEDIES , STRICT a you provided , person you the a you electronically a you for If , by you If . it it discover a medium sending from must paid REFUND work return , If may The if on work the or lieu the . F paragraph . damages violates F F shall permitted any disclaimer the be by provision applicable state to the of the of limitation . law interpreted or Project , volunteers Project the associated works Foundation and of , arise and You provisions indemnify any , or : modification , indirectly to Gutenberg , any c Gutenberg distribution Project alteration b liability cause . Mission the Project any Defect about you is formats efforts of in cause occur by aged reaching . volunteers and widest of all , to Information works and Literary permanent To your Gutenberg created to in old collection the Literary help www information page Project how Foundation and Section The . and generations assistance need available remain state number . and educational goals Gutenberg Sections freely the Foundation the Gutenberg Contributions . and Foundation's EIN or Project state's full identification by website up and Foundation's , to Plaza Project to . laws links org the Gutenberg permitted the to federal Watchung contact Email and is laws office , USA information page to Donations and about www to . official machine depends to including particularly The charities Foundation charitable much and paperwork requirements donations and outdated readable donations cannot and domain to public of number equipment , to committed solicit to states . We all with . laws exempt up the regulating donations state SEND keep we received of from org compliance to , contributions donate . uniform not are and takes no states any compliance in who cannot make states where donors treatment of accepted in pages current staff small but laws accepted works for card alone a was Information of concept distributed Project Section Professor of please Gutenberg shared editions of S . how of includes people Most including of This Archive necessarily . of Project , website all Gutenberg eBooks are copyright . website . information gutenberg which included not as confirmed start facility www about the new , our make donations newsletter