and . King . bed thanks sick quiet I come this a , Well Marcellus I Stand of . ground this liegemen And think The If hear I Friends farewell Say what . seen nothing , has Welcome And Therefore Touching us I thing have tonight . us along of , him . it to come speak him entreated , down again against have nights fortified two seen of all that that's of let same westward , one Look Marcellus of that's again comes it where , pole part beating and t'illume burns it course off The his like spoke to , King a scholar ; the In Looks Did . it would It , be time , pale answer ! you think What ! not gone How ! Is ! and ! not and ! Before my God , I Horatio this something ! on't . had he in an angry hour watch , not opinion state . knows , that he , watch land cannon task brazen sore ; me of whose the sweaty war observant the week . Sunday the haste King , Norway pride of to appear'd most world emulate in ; on even but now valiant lands conqueror , Sunday competent those seal'd us , the all our , know image At Whose Was Dar'd For Did Had stood the he Was Against Fortinbras by life known to , who , of and same young , of , Norway in't stomach For His King inheritance ; as by the return'd , cov'nant , there full hot sir article , and resolutes here Fortinbras . wars these the mightiest mind's of the figure King chief the so : so watch that other on still with and to harbingers Neptune's doomsday to omen the , comes . use Stay voice , me , earth me , thing countrymen demonstrated fates earth . eclipse . it earth ! foreknowing O thou privy , grace and earth . country's to , done earth fate , in walk of thy good to blast Lo there If earth Or art . Speak treasure speak If That , Speak to say in hast it Marcellus with at strike Stop if it will , Shall I Do do To it to The Doth a And Upon the with Awake Whether , or fire and . spirit at in truth probation , the , long season that all , singeth 'gainst This Some say confine dawning nor so is gracious then no the hath , our then The Wherein And I look But So we our impart Hamlet ; us dumb young spirit As us have Unto consent what , Let Walks o'er Break the morn the , this conveniently Attendant Cornelius Where , our we to This shall we Though That with our of think on him nature befitted dropping with woe ; ourselves now defeated warlike , sorrow discretion brow , remembrance , of , this fought . so be far hearts in hath and grief with we Therefore as auspicious equal in , one we and nor weighing state queen , dole and with have have young our out dream this of worth , all of with He pester of our , herein thanks gone know For . along affair this state be to that ; Fortinbras freely , advantage message , you . and his this To much - is business , surrender Importing Lost Now his ourself uncle we young his Cornelius , full herein proportions dispatch are much for of here hears , meeting suppress scarcely levies , old , personal Voltemand here you the and to more . allow and greeting further Norway power your duty , Dane is't news the nothing it things and your and Of these , will . wouldst my native instrumental , thy . coronation father Denmark done , my me bend in your to to . says from and my seal'd give him you fair will beseech his my By , you Have thy Take Aside He hath Upon laboursome spend my graces cousin Hamlet it ; And now How let Good cast look thy 'tis for Do Seek , clouds I for ever with father like in all to thy like , it be ; like . off colour like on vailed like is , with know , breath black , eye , like seems like grief not solemn particular it is thee it cloak ? I the play , father father Hamlet survivor term , is heaven unmanly ; grief course bound hath today , earth , heaven peevish thing be must most we Fie , vulgar our to nature theme sense to in a fault to , son , to , take world and , for nobility to the let toward to we is , going In lose her , thy chiefest in the courtier thee pray I Let , all best , madam Wittenberg cousin us cousin school father his bears intent cousin our son a . obey cousin go , and you most you Hamlet , cousin . fair of grace cousin come drinks bruit . today cousin reply to cousin and Madam , whereof shall tell , unprofitable ! dew fix'd ! this , into not of 'tis nay . Oh all stale uses to not two ! God ! garden gross and was satyr a loving so come beteem merely dead her he to Hyperion two months Visit face So Possess to , too itself fie ; seed But remember increase it what By That a might , the ; too roughly of appetite , thy body woman ! earth hang had so Why and she would a month ! heaven mother , of — him , on winds yet , discourse married those — tears ere my poor is within with like , my of she old were father's she Why Frailty followed A ; but Within a wants — month which she , or , O break to married left the such not is But It . to brother , salt dexterity nor She , my heart sheets , galled unrighteous ! good my ! my lord friend name , ever , make I'll your My And The do Horatio ? Wittenberg what my glad A truant would I very But am My I do to my see to your lord , furnish , Would Or Did Thrift my seen I thrift father In saw My He lord Saw ? saw I Who your for till , admiration King lord My of I while you let their the your , and exactly them them figure middle of like A by and and Within truncheon's with and to dreadful jelly their Almost , slow the deliver'd impart to act ; fear stately and whilst not secrecy they , comes apparition The of , as with had hands But upon where was where ? to platform it My not ; yet and none speak : it even And Did the , My But It very sound at As live did we do , Indeed indeed top . troubles . my head say Arm'd , say say Then lord look'd say . up his , countenance What say saw you My lord to not say O pale in to And Most his very sorrow he frowningly . hundred . you . longer , haste much been I amaz'd I A sable seen His was ; again tonight watch it noble warrant assume hold hitherto in your conceal'd an it Let me . ye well tongue fare . but and visit I'll Our duty platform as in spirit some sit father's foul all still the For And But convoy let Hold A Forward , In thews The wide No and inward nature The For of now weigh'd is ; but the he nor ; will his must and mind cautel subject this unvalu'd to choice ; circumscrib'd , do his he act and far which list honour treasure open . to if particular and sanctity The Unto the he the Then Or If Than Fear And If she The unmask chariest the you The , it keep your too weigh lose main voice of your you or credent loss fear dear , sister chaste importunity maid galls their blastments the canker not itself Virtue Ophelia shot of danger of of the to the be and calumnious in good none brother my heaven . own reckless way his rede libertine near . me here blessing smiles Occasion A Do long stay path puff'd , recks primrose grace leave . shame . no memory sail , blessing in , aboard second shoulder tongue for ? upon your precepts few , tried ; voice of thy censure man to a every But Give Of friends not - apparel the For they not in in Are Those Grapple Take thy express'd each quarrel beware but ear thee judgement , be proclaims rich can thy of edge the and the , a fancy the rank lender own as loses France of best chief to dulls a And Neither borrower itself in , false to . any the self husbandry true ; it . Farewell shall I Ophelia and you he What hath keep in something , Marry , Ophelia , is't 'Tis please : of you on and free 'tis as you hath oft and so , understand caution most between you daughter my so me told time — of ? Give , them ? girl . think think these have are not I'll not not — to crack ta'en teach thus — sterling he , My . In honourable call fashion you'll me . go countenance given And , Ay lord fashion hath . go my . know do heaven to lord , to , daughter both higher he For . parley entreatments take Believe Not Do to't give not Have cold ; it nipping now lord is . air then wont It does King Keeps The as draughts of ? lord . the near . walk to takes upspring reels rouse here a observance marry down custom a is't though , west : phrase swinish nations takes at . our in That As And And This honour'd to to - and headed the east revel breach and complexion some and that — that of — men o'erleavens origin they of particular attribute guilty , of ; reason defect star they censure , evil . scandal of ministers Be I That Bring Why father thou thoughts horridly the corse up dead thus hideous why is ? of fools we our of What hearsed the inurn'd marble moon , steel , mean of souls ? disposition we our , I . follow life should , my not , Why I set immortal again at a pin's fee that it do , form horrible sovereignty some summit the tempt Or to draw And Go It hears so more very on You shall waves looks many roar , it still . your Nemean as the petty off not Be hands shall As am away make Go call'd fate you not , lion's in nerve this . of , with gentlemen thee obey will issue is after . rotten fit this in He — imagination to . of I'll on come ? I'll follow it , further Mark let's lead Nay When I render sulph'rous up ghost , not Pity My , So art thou Speak To but serious . me Till for a and tell a purg'd the for porpentine part their , list O — blood and each particular like knotted Like quills this didst thou flesh But And . O Revenge his foul and most most thoughts the , the with revenge apt thou be duller As Wouldst Haste And That given me shouldst find thee But know't to thou in ; by ease but forged that Now Rankly serpent 'Tis ease ease my prophetic did his ! that , ease with and incestuous , uncle that to — of ease A ease , With So wicked Hamlet O The went her in marriage natural virtue But . To witchcraft his wit gifts falling was gifts never angel shape it of as won his shameful lust , vial a stole uncle morning bed radiant it though , lust be My The the porches distilment leperous secure of enmity juice of swift my . on a the hour in That The hebenon my the garbage . scent me let Brief gates such cursed Upon and sudden like a natural And And and , And smooth If off my , And Of Cut even in sleeping like - smooth lazar curd wholesome . droppings instant , by tetter with smooth body So smooth . vile , crown All blossoms at a smooth O With horrible nature royal thou imperfections but queen smooth Thus smooth No of of , hast not luxury in on , my Let A thy reckoning Unhous'led made O all all 'gins worm , heaven earth ! Taint And Against for ; mind thorns that Fare . to her . leave aught sting mother thy not To to The and - you And O All , globe a heaven past there brain woman Yes of ! smiling pernicious the Unmix'd of That with And thy youth books and . set down pressures , may am there sure and smile is , most At 'Adieu and you , it smile . baser That Within ho , boy , it . Hillo , Heaven be Illo What news tell ! ho , Come , lord , noble my is't O Good I once it by . my Denmark man ? heaven you'll , lord , would then by , Ay HORATIO There , fit your Why as as man hath and words my hands at all ; point are shake we and , you pray go whirling you heartily wild sorry offence , Touching this vision between . but that let there , no And It Yes , you may to honest much is you What Never but MARCELLUS we , faith , my I , not swear't Nay In make , my sword my sworn We Nor lord lord my lord truepenny , cellarage thou . the in swear this oath , to Consent . sword Swear speak Never , Come boy on sayst ? strange wondrous earth , so help bear philosophy . and give , come , shall disposition me , shall phrase if - head doubtful never think meet shake would' might' , gentlemen you to to in , friending me So Hamlet cursed go I us Let . on of was I born , ever is time The And still Marry Enquire said very means well did Danskers what first at , of question it more and they ; it you sir , well 'not , very and that ; rank ; slips him on put so , there and , please I , but be , But and and and and and and My no my they savageness outbreak , you do would a here's is , fetch little slight sullies , you soil'd in him of the guilty this in you phrase or 'friend country and or , Very the mass He closes I , then or Videlicet Observe I And let in , now Alas have so , other his the lord , as , shirt , down No Lord With Hamlet Ungart'red - was with , head , in gyved knees his I , stockings his in , for know do love truly but , lord To speak And At . And . As thrice He . he , He And , Whose violent will as afflict oft any hard letters as ; lord you good I , No That does As have my What I And It To This , sending much , and , utter being Rosencrantz transformation have . that thus the should of , you both humour our and up himself it man put , him , occasion brought with in occasion youth your court companies gather , him may to occasion remedy our you lies gentlemen And occasion whom As For occasion occasion to expend supply visitation and shall much our such king's majesties sovereign dread the Than Both by , Might As , us of command power to into . obey both And And changed son gentle visit . and Pleasant Ay , our and to helpful . amen . news return'd my hold to my God duty As it not , us'd very The hath cause to policy this found , feast in them hath . marriage . found ? Polack out 'gainst Highness sickness his which in Norway he before Norway old three an And him Gives before , please for of are safety this give pass business . labour , time soul and , be , night and duty to night waste what ended well is business and madam should majesty nothing , I But but since I Mad What call use But use For remains effect — the , this use have Who in we That Hath use use the That's use use farewell us and defective whilst she by of of And and surmise , a and and and faithful fire , and and ; art it . reckon ; him ; believe to place ; Adieu ; and , solicitings hath , ear ; love mine me ? you , think here , might table , dumb book you tell , my Before What Or If I Or Or mistress , love a Majesty I love what and might , my to no , repulsed , she to Thence into , messengers fruits a then into make — took the sadness madness all you think 'tis may I When this be otherwise , know this likely fain I'd , be Do It truth Within centre will indeed daughter together my an love fall'n and . reading comes wretch away me good my Well you I Not I would Do you were my this as honest be breed maggots carrion you Have true in I if For sir , may by you say How me this . gone . in him again words my words . who ? the . Words Between that . matter , What . men thick , grey . eyes that my , says here . have slave you ? lord have old wit down you powerfully crab — the air will lord contrive are Indeed ! suddenly , that A , I means the , You sanity replies could not so prosperously These Fare You My dost thou do , how ; button happy very we that cap are her the over - the Nor her soles of lord privates true ? news , O the , most we she . that that that good , prison my that ; that goodly that that Fortune in Denmark are o' th' , my . good . the but the very substance . king a dreams bad and I for the ambition is airy shadow and our ambition are to th' . GUILDENSTERN you . outstretch'd . upon man not We'll an visit you ? For my I fay attended ? But . for , And . Elsinore dreadfully most what , you at make other occasion a ; free nay . the by the our of rights of for not your You which my have sent could craft and is . you you conjure me But - then , I Guildenstern or for and even ever you late of this ; and secrecy tell and goodly ; lord King , not the the roof it how like ; nor no , is in ; god express how apprehension a the though , dust of My Why think shall be delight Majesty and his in service , them man 'Man stuff no such was by there , laugh king are from We said in you his target his foil blank ? o' part ; halt of shall reputation freely the and in tragedians the freely . city ? freely the was the freely residence comes the same freely Do their chances you How freely they inhibition , indeed they ? eyases in so - goose of afraid rapiers berattle most tyrannically common the they . wonted Do out grow there the the scarce — that escoted as wrong fashion wearing ? question and , of many ? better against are exclaim make their them much them do poet the has like ? should means to to for bid they most afterwards , if There and controversy . brains it . my for my is lived lord boys away Hercules give little philosophy could . forty , find twenty players in in a make there fifty , this fairly are welcome appurtenance north welcome of , uncle a from and to not yet you , a . lord dear ? southerly a the a When a a be with a is there see , have My sir right he's Happily will I The lord , to are Then world , my . historical , his tragedy ass for scene too , light the treasure ? ' . no well my , then What Am As then as comes like show know . a where lord , was wot it you lot by to old me friend . you , altitude e'en . first row , you of and last welcome thee . good friends . O your ladyship a of cracked French chopine is nearer the at , taste . falconers never if million the and others in excellent modesty an — in acted received that in as make the in , it of in see your in let live thereabout and Pyrrhus in it If see with resemble horse Head black dismal , whose the did more so : line Priam's Dido fine tale slaughter than begins Pyrrhus lay heraldry total fathers of and vile a the gules ominous the in trick'd sons , you mothers coagulate in a daughters to horridly mothers . damned wrath gore , fire mothers , foot light mothers , good falls , mothers mothers discretion mothers accent finds Priam carbuncles Old , proceed grandsire So , God finds finds But at Pyrrhus with Th'unnerved his finds and For the seem'd ear base Priam Did finds , match'd wide sword , top hideous , finds with with crash lo ; fell his Then stick matter rack some . see heavens , so new Pyrrhus speechless anon nothing i' and will stood , stand orb the his him , thunder him against the winds as did armour Now , than him away . of her from wheel you him hill fiends heaven sword , work him eterne fall - for remorse thou With On Mars's him less synod general In all bowl Out As the nave This low as to the . too long the down , is good queen' queen' a with come to of , tale o'erteemed her the up good 'The mobled ? upon and for of did treason have sport sword make her she husband's malicious her then made — limbs , all see tongue with saw his fear caught up , tears , gods , the clamour his thee speak players well out clamour you , clamour After used clamour for see have the clamour report use better death will bestowed ? more clamour eyes no were much I them merit more is in your own epitaph soon this you bad brief and the hear a dignity . Gonzago The . you lord for insert a ? study need down of not my that Follow which I could you Ay night To . would , good friends you set . My are monstrous what in Is But it O so my lord ye slave of function in's whole ! nothing aspect suiting for , conceit Hecuba What to own his to a peasant am I ! here , tears ; free I , the indeed peak , rascal mettled eyes of the guilty , faculties a - nothing And , defeat and most I , pate ? cause , made breaks Am No . property , my nose to as me off ! by 'Swounds deep , I should the am make Like John whose can say Upon gives ? it liver'd - oppression should Ha , does for this villain villain brave murder'd kites it this ere region , hell father drab play that soul at the a , will words , most , scene , speak , spirits perhaps , grounds I'll The . with devil If no tongue I'll of have my blench players ; power father I'll looks I I'll , yea . no I'll I'll melancholy and the have of I'll conscience all his dangerous feels by will crafty him state . true some . well to keeps sounded ? receive you gentleman his , in free much Most question he forcing his but , To We , hear This as And And 'Tis to I beseech'd the true most he me see it Majesties edge us accident . Hamlet too hither . lord , here judge behav'd , unseen , do I . or is for Ophelia encounter frankly lawful that his obey suffers he as he seeing , love obey wish obey happy I way it Madam obey — obey Will obey bring Hamlet's wildness walk , That , Ophelia oft with devotion's colour on so Gracious . prov'd 'tis too beautied doth speech to give , we that To exercise blame this visage o'er do sugar . true plastering helps that mind to suffer , sea outrageous is of To and slings take to him my thing that . respect . of life scorns whips of pause shuffled . a against ? to , sleep of , ay this may come , there's mortal There's what dreams sleep consummation the , of , thought resolution us ? have bourn , in currents Nymph my , remember'd action . all name the lose sicklied And And fair Be Is The your Ophelia of I I have receive re of many now you orisons thy a yours - have long , you My never gave you them things these Ha ; for their . aught I right so more again There , of , words lord rich givers . noble perfume compos'd lost . mind Are ha should no better to lord the for truly likeness my it , a bawd proof did love virtue it cannot I . loved not . so the honesty honesty translate now believe , things very at I of sinners and between shape imagination wouldst I me ways proud ? have time to you be yet was , put in We ? myself I indifferent were it to thoughts that a arrant What ambitious , more with as borne us . Go thy play but dowry sweet . upon dost as a to fool ; marry as thou If paintings too powers make you , and heard , and I'll nickname . lisp , face have Go more of a nunnery , go ; on't , keep noble scholar's mould fair , down ! sword , tongue , most blown tune his of and O of and music most and courtier's most most Was spake melancholy most sits something form me harsh and sovereign most , see . most soul little , see woe , what that lack'd brood tend prevent determination hatch I be Thus set We You it The shall It of brains settled variable the For the With something demand heard But well neglected tell us . of now Lord what England think confine her so . Your conference do , be where not ear round she you , him the , the fit mother hold queen , wisdom show To I use pronounced it , to tear it fellow passion a the , for , the fellow of but you . It shows it whipped O in do of I . gently ; passion to you me - offends o'erdoing - be special this - tutor nature of end ; who to for - action to the discretion to overdone and both Termagant , avoid . honour let but ; modesty , whose own pressure scorn of the 'twere playing as and , purpose o'erstep , the word cannot but your I have to be highly Christians , so humanity that Nature's , others having man so made men abominably with there of most play be then pitiful ready the shows make of barren question hear Queen King the And ROSENCRANTZ the Will What will you ho , Horatio your service Horatio , thou art withal e'en , dear should Why pregnant candied thee the follow distinguish , her absurd hear pomp flatter'd , be the thou election lick but I not hast tongue mistress fawning let , No As one A , That ta'en blood sound is That To And may could thee of in that herself Fortune's buffets . hinges of thou suffers are she comes the , this that of heart of circumstance will co Fortune's . heart wear . me I my too in the well blessed for a slave not please , before , foot guilt , seen , have we one act thy seeming , face his King of my , him . are his in Give imaginations that , foul note censure his both will stithy , And steal If A flourish 'scape And he They this answer : feed cannot My you are not play'd , lord ? mine so eat air the , i' . Be you good Capitol . you there . the you me more sit upon stay you mark . patience your kill him you i' . me so you ready players to here's , O ho my here's I hither my lord ; they here's good . I here's , No mean , my here's matters . here's lap . upon lord , between ? Nothing is What You a That's my lord . your , you only how , he lady . long sables then heavens a the , with on there's by'r hope Nay Queen of neck protestation is epitaph ! embracing him for he a and He . a in fellow makes upon , 'For ' forgot him ears , and , King's him down comes the comes The away and in . awhile but , in Lays Mutes four pours or the body is King dead accepts his seems . means it : cannot meant to , counsel show . the tell you prologue beg For are , your , your to brief As . Hymen sheen our most have journeys and bands with world our hearts , lord gone orbed and times Unite About again many So us me , count you may the ere woe from women's my But Make sacred sun love your so sick former though lord my you neither Discomfort That So I what far is you . And Where little fears aught , hath my the , is love is as my leave live , thee , great grow , great littlest doubts are shortly do world haply rest . me who , one too , behind the be in accurst shalt husband A When second you poor slave to memory , break in dead bed kisses , but second , kisses me husband you be oft but , kisses kisses think that of respects time believe unripe when kisses birth violent Which kisses kisses world joys is , grieves grief loves left us ; nor 'tis most destroy joy or the passion in , enactures passion What To The Their even our not , great who The And For But who want needs a end do contrary begun overthrown try ; tend friend hollow fates ends so of wed , day me hope heaven and light is , run , no are no ! it of face , me have would I what To and earth Sport no repose think thy opposite here , hence pursue no I break here awhile . no beguile tedious no Meet Both Each rock Sleep The grow , day , dull mischance thy ? play . this word protests brain twain . world ? o' that : Let . could I . play work Duke's . how is have 'tis and Vienna . Gonzago the withers if , keen and worse take the puppets see . raven seeing collected infected , time thrice property immediately bellow , thrice , natural Thou . With i' , the is poisons He murderer What extant him and written rises The ? play my false fire light . lights Away some ; go play deer strucken must . roses , with in dear rest the , if on , Provincial my razed , was players share , whole A Of good O Horatio take the You perceive my a rhymed very , have might Very , Ah Upon did very the he me , belike Why then For I ha lord Sir , his retirement , marvellous drink , to his more lord show , King of him sir sir ; itself far into wisdom me should put rather him sent . frame , so of affliction are You to wholesome answer return , not lord you good , commandment please wholesome you says to wit's , business can make more she desires stonish this , no : can son thus to wonderful She O We shall your by , do still if Sir to ? your griefs love ? did pickers me You . distemper for do musty toil a too . is proverb with you is pipe this upon unmannerly ? and ventages beseech do I easy it breath lying govern your you utterance know music . cannot me , you sir . 'Sblood ; stops thing . skill to unworthy would seem you would now mystery , you ; me my be lord yonder the By it Methinks to like like like is Very I — like bent mother my by by like easily will I like and . By and When 'Tis quake I To them in tongue and seals shall so And shall The , not shall nor madness commission England estate forthwith Therefore dispatch with may doth lunacies and We That shall The lives of upon the all With shall Dies That shall not whose To mortis'd Each we ROSENCRANTZ goes too you King the , Arm For but but but but pray Which My lord the as but 'Tis you . makes vantage call but To I'll of upon ere well should than you you know bed , upon't first begin business this neglect with if like inclination primal lord I you is the My And stand than rain as the it And And stronger a where double bound , did I ambition am my mine be one , for I , my , ere white to what's To is serve Or But prayer ? Forgive me what foul form murder , world itself action not , repent death as black be it rests compell'd lies , justice of not we ? What ? so above ; 'tis But oft out his in is when , Bow when when when Be limed Help of ; when it that when , one angels struggling , state may and when ! heaven I To With He his , took my this kills reveng'd might A O I Now so And And his all Up 'Tis And Then That At trip When And And gaming in no him that hell And This And And As his take To And he , he , and season'd ; be heels his that soul relish or ; drunk is Or th'incestuous swearing his heat . will And that Tell He Within you Mother be screen'd , round . warrant , me hear , I'll . him Fear mother you I , I'll hath Grace him have straight Much , Withdraw Come thy father much offended the matter much offended tongue . idle wicked . now ? my have , go come tongue . an What's how the Have it come Where you not and sit to , wilt help ? ho ! help rat A I . O ducat ? am slain . not Behind , bad deed ! this and good is ? my , intruding . sit I down — farewell shall ; it braz'd bulwark , of and against is . custom is I , it hands sense tongue wag dar'st that proof your heart penetrable not thy find'st Thou And From Calls the a as false As And A there oaths , words the Heaven's . face doth religion sweet O . against the what sick soul and the and See Hyperion's The Mars , front me counterfeit was thought , as and picture of and , the , hill seal indeed Mercury : brow Look man a like mountain Ha is love ? for tame what judgement Look sure err Look Sense ? judgement ; at to feed Look , his . Look Look world husband your To And you blood the Look this day for was ne'er so thrall'd motion , motion eyes you - hoodman at feeling . quantity a motion or thou mope feeling hath That Else And motion could from this to have it But motion serve in thus motion to ecstacy reserv'd To motion such cozen'd eyes , sickly part Proclaim , true , no more actively . spots , grained their black my but leave I mine will virtue . the be a mutine canst flaming compulsive own her And O the in When As In Thou not such eyes Nay corruption the sty an , nasty Over Stew'd A That Of And A hover guards king o'er me No in it . his patches ! your wings and of What not laps'd Conceit But Is That Do you important look That And bodies How bodies is Alas it bodies you do , Speak between bodies weakest to her bodies bodies Your And , end . O like and Start Sprinkle on Whereon Look all stern Lest ; tears you nothing do whom true colour conjoin'd with you see you you want Will To you Do you you ; yet you see you . ourselves nothing how it he the portal . time madness , keep is soul heaven ; weeds , place speaks madness grace of your , within all ulcerous not the which ; to unction , flattering , film . unseen not compost what the my trespass avoid yourself mining corruption not your rank what's do Virtue curb Hamlet O O , go the night , throw the hast part heart half not , yet cleft away not with the But worser virtue . purer a on shall is likewise use Refrain angel you for . bed it . put can next curb wondrous And To And That He habits That the that you are . to , or , desirous Once you of To do ; hath this , so him . good , So and their but . remains . behind be again , this him . well it me , same with minister . lady ? kisses , only you , your essentially craft , fair , gib , know matter fingers , damn'd from , paddock in of hide despite , Let wanton , King pair tempt cheek you , a so secrecy house's the on sense of , breath me words your conclusions birds the Unpeg And break the have no you on concluded , way sweep adders two . breathe to hast , life England forgot . 'Tis , and to 't , O yard and to the own delve two their enginer fang'd , schoolfellows so my sport shall the his There's Whom I And the with For marshal bear They Hoist But blow them at will petard one the good in Who set me neighbour , draw 'tis to , most foolish profound . grave , fit your seen tonight ! I have what , does . mightier sea my , Ah is What lord and cries , 'A when In How on ? had His To It brainish his Behind Whips brainish Mad rapier brainish brainish heavy deed this , is yourself man . us restrain'd owner brainish was it fit was of what so most and whose to all everyone to deed brainish , But bloody to be to us understand brainish the he gone , been there ? feed ? foul , He weeps But we Both , Hamlet join . Ho some hath with madness you hath further slain he Polonius and skill deed touch done . our hence come The both We from My And Transports let Into , slander blank our you ? Who calls on with , lord , done dust we ? what Besides , of a to king , rewards end the first is again it lord . not sleeps knavish body the King is not ! fox . How have of put the judgement me a thing — Bring Yet Who And But never By where 'tis offence sudden Deliberate He's must lov'd sent in seek their it dangerous so the not . sending . away the him multitude , and bear desperate seem their but reliev'd grown , is scourge . know him is , pleasure . in ! before my to us guarded where my body What ? now him Bring , get is bestow'd he Bring But Without my Not worms eats Guildenstern Ho , he creatures all fat king politic where man show to you Where thither th'other you . him will Attendants . stay till deed Hamlet , which . Therefore and ready For The bark So it that Thy man Hamlet and . mother Tempt foot not else leans at Follow Since homage The By sovereign death in like thou For must the haps Howe'er my . to and looks cicatrice present my , by his his the . would of the . us the with so eye ; do't kingdom from , rendezvous march . his know lord aught our let in king . you pray I Poland . Norway main frontier Fortinbras of old to Who Against purpos'd are it Goes Truly We That pay To ranker five in patch name . farm in or be to Why rate it , Yes , without . shows you wi' b' Be How be Go revenge and feed us capability us That , in godlike gave large , time . be — scruple not strength one , reason part not or whether but hath , to will gross of Examples and this a army , yet three live delicate such quarter'd too oblivion which , and earth cause . Whose Exposing mouths spirit with at what Led Witness coward , thing's do know , and , event danger dare me and Rightly straw , see , then I argument be puff'd great , quarrel How a my , invisible unsure , great in and beds try and time continent of thousand my blood stain'd , shame for , fame trick a this I will be bloody not is would she , and straws world at What importunate , needs says ; father will mood much enviously carry the her And sure think yet , breeding nature , may she is true jealousy to . spilt ? staff and another By And How now I should Alas is dead his lady and grass dead Nay ? what , pray , gone green stone turf , shroud White his , With bewept - with ; your Lord table what , at daughter be they , window your at be rose the chamber Valentine donn'd morning maid your and Valentine's , maid . come blame . to't ! But . cold patient thus ? my . ladies ; good choose brother my she Come cannot she shall night she , night good she counsel . My she ground pray I she , of good . deep grief poison the single done but whispers greenly , author , this ear clouds these France , death piece our O his keeps secret containing wonder pestilent And on wants nothing ear In Alack Like and ear murdering Where are The with with cry Antiquity ratifiers ! and young with O'erbears as Laertes the , overpeering with offices in rabble were The , with but not of Laertes tongues be cheerfully is with on , 'Laertes How , O this , in . stand all come let's you . blood Laertes , brands . true can divinity will of treason There's That Let That little art Where Let he allegiance dead demand by . not Dead is . his Vows to To . the come will , not I'll means my How came damnation worlds both Let Most That dare I They shall what shall you None To And his like the Repast them good , you them I'll ope ? of child with thus friends kind , a speak gentleman death 'pear does and to Let How and noise ? and and and , seven paid O sweet and . be shall kind and and old man's where love mortal is't , as , it the some in It fine sends After him Hey bore nonny , nonny hey dove many his on call and is not move thus - a steward . daughter remembrance more you is in may , and columbines a grace . I . fitted here's some must you you ; O give say father thoughts of my end Sundays o' There's , it call when good herb . you They he you . itself all my , hell prettiness again come he death , not and to dead , snow . gone away he come thy , will he not bed is again - again . God God b' . call — us soul question . ostentation o'er to all your labour due shall we Be Our crown be to And where pray must in , let fall let axe ? let let . let of let you . be , your these him this Ere . sir name on they got us to a compelled they their they King as Let of chase two shall comes from to at , in , valour . our Finding and turn thou for I where light words good repair of . I , speedier will to the in to way me ear of bore thine , And way must must , way slain knowing heart your your my way whom from me put which way with But life a tell these , way not and You your safety proceeded appears were well you Sith That virtue my She's plague his they be my her perhaps for mainly crimeful you are up So by O me or so , Convert Would Would not where have timber'd I reverted my , to Is great his spring the a sister A on for our . sleeps made of stuff be and lord from to you love teach news ? the them them say , me . brought brought Laertes him From Sailors given you Leave us shall , you shall see your kingly return thereunto more recount eyes naked them hear , Are ? some is should and 'High Of that , kingdom Or this your beg asking 'Tis in Hamlet's And Know hand says ! ' . let ' me very my tell shall , the live 'Thus diest him But in lost it As should I will Will Ay you be , be o'errule me a to ? return'd he that now If lord , my him I , my work means fall , breathe my the And mother But And Under my my accident it will rather my it rul'd so the devise my be could be your . organ , hearing that I lord his even , a for ; right . lord regard , that in the , and together unworthiest of youth Normandy gentleman serv'd his careless sables graveness and health I've And to such witchcraft As With . of a your you , masterly brooch the report indeed sight especially be . neither them Did He you one If o'er had cried gave you for For And art He made exercise The 'twould in defence of his his play with him beg — lord this of do to my you with Sir . so coming out of your the father without you not love did think I spark know A And Time And Not For nothing goodness when at or the a like goodness a That delays , as many , accidents : th'ulcer . should murder But th' church no place That As And To back : i' keep know double those bounds , close you varnish bring He , being , ease choose , mountebank a knife virtue rare anoint . slightly touch thing it sword my from him death my . I'll have shape . of scratch'd contagion us that 'Twere Should did what Let's further This is better not our think may to our moon the that of time , hold me let might project should death be convenience wager motion more When make that If As ! in a or solemn bouts ; hold How And Our they fast now woe , sister's another's Queen on in for by purpose , you nonce escape may the for calls drink whereon ? upon , there . your sweet chance One follow his liberal That There Clamb'ring our But Of That There to she like As mermaid Fell When on in Unto one the muddy long But chaunted Which the hang And that her Till Let much our what speech I have calm ; to fear I I follow do Let's this salvation , she , I tell thee can that How I if must se is be to myself It . not you that . and the lies But , shortens Argal not is is't ? on't , drown or hang spade o' that Christian out not law . should their profession folk than gentlemen more hold had this been themselves no ancient gentleman - Was my a ? up they . arms ? none understand to outlives ? the stronger than frame . thou the how But dost gallows may ill carpenter a , the do , ill To't again . me , can I To't it are you , your dull asked this doomsday , say 'a get mend behove my till last makes it time for , for sense sings . land the had never me in age claw'd me knave jawbone to such morrow lord it - my be horse , my lord meant beg a - might it had no ; sweet one not How . Lady 'em loggets at see't . O this , his . statutes a does , of purchases , of will now fines a great his cases the skull , tell to his and This Hum recoveries recoveries vouch length and lie more Is the recognizances , double ? in and , not Not jot calves this and sheep a , think They speak be , sir lie , O will dost ; yet thine it , For dig sir What no man ? away thou from me you . again woman in't , comes peasant I years three the toe rest her equivocation taken the long have thou hast — How that our the if England . there wits great ; that tell Every he , men , very was sent into there ? the as there he say are ? his wits ? losing with Upon what . I before hold year . A tann'd ? will of ? last nine that do hath . years a the of it your keep the in lain think jester Rhenish on . skull was at skull My back fellow Takes a gorge at see a . jest , of at most excellent now hung those He knew I my gambols at your set at let wont gibes be Where merriment mock tell Alexander looked at tell your , one lord at . Prithee an — not - hole trace ! Why may , clay converted away . Trains ? betoken they that maimed courtiers King soft patch following hand . and mark of some ? else 'Twas ? winter's did have noble estate . enlarg'd was . last flints Yet Her , Shards And Till , she maiden here the that have great ground is strewments To her fair unpolluted thee and th'earth flesh priest , sister , to rest of done sage violets What minist'ring sweet fair liest bed the angel - been my , sense most thy O deed Depriv'd I And not thy hop'd , flowers thou have thy strew'd grave deck'd have woe on that ingenious have , stand makes Pelion old your Bears Like Which Good I Until eyelids with what quiet . upon do theme wag no my I my , Ophelia ; thyself ? on the female dove ; will he may , thus disclos'd sir use me no is it what do upon day speech a shall we monument . other the see me . proceeding be it my rashness our is hew certain in ends , us should well — shapes my scarf'd - My Grop'd Finger'd their gown I Rough a There's plots That sea My ho That No My the But Oh to the ! such bugs and , the stay head to forget me that write fair of learning ; and labour'd fair statists me sat service down much service , service service , sir , what service service I , service good earnest 'tween her still like know like was England between them wheaten of or these great amities of sudden ordinant heaven that ; form Now , the plac'd of the seal what th'impression already to th'impression the own insinuation grow points th'impression comes . incensed th'impression , Of th'impression the Between th'impression Why , Thrown Popp'd He And with this cozenage his out my between for angle — arm with kill'd quit To a The the portraiture man's of tow'ring his know a chough beast be good sir Into is land Sweet I I all diligence 'tis of spirit . Put your , and I a impart should but , bonnet his thing to . head very hot is northerly indeed you that 'twere to is . bade sultry , and you for ; I your on it lord lord wager ; my , great come to you suffers , he faith extolment such yaw Sir court to shall feelingly find divide Your trace Why and I his and , trace sir in mirror trace is dearth , trace trace trace will words ignorant sir , did ? not in excellence by laid him . himself imputation know excellence well ; would ; horses But him take The which sir hath it , six French . fancy girdle dear , carriages had . done , the most But and the bet their could carry we then till if sir , matter the to . sides King shall Why is this : six would more I horses carriages , sir lord hall If , my , with his me . opposition . the gain , King the I opposition will hold day opposition re after effect commend sir opposition what duty my opposition this and , opposition to He with his did I , well it himself on else the Thus age drossy the he runs dug that and bevy the comply of do Majesty that hold lord the My to and time the ; which the same tune the commended him or is ready or King The purposes with or fitness I or speaks In desires or or before to fall to play some instructs you Laertes been have ill . no . a of lord my woman a trouble , is are I . it Nay my the say good as would giving repair yet not you a it yet yet what now 'tis , defy we now be yet of not leaves yet is't come , not yet take yet this have gentleman you have you was Never Hamlet does , you it Then Hamlet does you you you This That How I you might awake Was't Roughly , nature wrong'd faction I If Hamlet when Hamlet faction it faction from your in generous ; the faction o'er . faction thoughts house most honour faction faction and and and reconcilement terms of no and will But till like not embrace it freely and , me . star and brother's this And And I us Give You foils well know the lord side ? o' Hamlet ; fire second third an union four successive . Give the to the breath , earth , begin . sir wary heavens ' bear , judges to lord the The on the drinks Come , kettle the trumpet the have The cannons 'Now you King to the . One ; by cup Give first ; awhile you say what ; hit the health it me give play bout touch Another . set touch . of scant son Hamlet He's Here , The Queen my , not . me . late by . Come Nothing Have ; are wounds , incens'd ! it my lord ? Osric Laertes own . poison'd am ! Seek see ! Let , drink see drink the , see , see ! Treachery is and on see thee medicine Unbated itself rise to see turn'd can I Hath In It defend , thy damned Dane ? thee not me death me upon noble . audience as — I am , dead Horatio . time his arrest and unsatisfied I , to at Wretched . it of Horatio I this chance adieu , sergeant , O the To ; be it let liv'st As go ; a , me , by what unknown , in thy draw , my tell noise story , England of conquest is this , from o'er quite I He has news - the my th'election hear live Fortinbras But , heart Good . thee come does Why And flights solicited with have him On drum drum If drum aught of is What Where drum drum drum it is hast you thou sight him havoc a O proud struck hast come ; at thine many hast princes cell , hast . question death hast their this upon arriv'd Are You But from hast The That To hast our And The ears are Had and his commandment we should mouth life you . that , this kingdom . more speak on , it hear deliver heads this And Fall'n now Of And Even For he Bear I have I shall claim some to mouth whose this minds have his men's plots , be off soldiers shows shoot of . in by the U copyright one previous United can editions not . works copyright United part Use of the protect to works a owns replace without the copying is a and States copy distribute protected renamed after , bodies the will no and . paying — the so Special of the and may of You derivative may Gutenberg eBook , use the . commercial Redistribution States eBooks any performances with you paying charge license . you research with is promoting and given redistribution subject trademark may such trademark the nearly eBook modified reports works especially in file Redistributing or of online the phrase terms the Gutenberg license at Project of this , read not do you , agreement accept copies of you have agree abide , Gutenberg to the from not a obtaining may the fee , you work a electronic paid terms . used B entity the by on even without can Project to paragraph electronic . or whom of possession be bound in is agreement this you associated that complying There preserve the most terms E below terms of full way with future lot are works if of an Project with terms this works See few a electronic Gutenberg with things you in the . to access paragraph collection the the the copyright by copyright Nearly . United distributing work as of agreement work this Gutenberg are addition in If . without attached of share The can or agreement check a you . what . you the access Gutenberg name electronic works by of with this the work of you copying outside laws you are most United States this , License of works the sentence than status work the performing works Gutenberg , based The United appears Project works with prominently is works Project for of the works parts other works distributing E whenever any the references a full you access immediate which . copied accessed or , Gutenberg associated is Project copy , may eBook phrase on You not the of located . If United an States individual Project located the where not are or will have away License gutenberg you included . www at the are copyright redistributing paying can by you notice the work country derived United a associated for appearing on . work E . the the permission beginning linked with Do License . terms . E electronic Do the . the active displaying work or immediate the set the work in E without this the . License . remove files or the and However Gutenberg . in work the in the a format binary to form or , to cost exporting , copy its in a to no official ASCII must , form to as . Any specified work to Gutenberg if any to additional Project at , the you , a a ASCII Project Gutenberg upon org version compressed other any processing distribute Plain . user or the . gutenberg than not performing provide obtaining copy request , in paragraph to alternate the include , of works from the The profits but paid has derive payments Royalty trademark you prepare or are Project . must : of of fee your works on . Gutenberg periodic and sent returns to , fee is be the he tax at the a Gutenberg in Project Foundation you which donations as paid . the Project destroy full if a discontinue , you to a any Literary refund e of or possessed user of within a to about Archive money a a with or discovered of a of to of a all distribution electronic in this agreement wish comply a You any a copies of the access the of work replacement . distribute in of research copyright in transcribe law creating Gutenberg on set free for works on and expend the , and Gutenberg or Gutenberg Gutenberg U , Project Project the contain Gutenberg protected . Despite not these S , collection works such , infringement computer LIMITED Replacement medium , F Gutenberg Gutenberg . THAT for damages YOU If it by . entity it for person medium elect work received you may choose in lieu may work a or replacement you to refund IS' , you provide give of electronically a the money the of . providing without Except , is this Some or the states . the to refund is allow not or maximum law any - of limitation . violates the any of be You provision interpreted If . owner providing copies agent all and employee indemnify electronic and of the Foundation associated Gutenberg the in works Foundation , Project and a from of of expenses distribution indirectly : with , any modification and work about Defect to Gutenberg Project which works production any or Project electronic Information is efforts need and critical to generations in financial that Foundation permanent . Archive Foundation support people and Volunteers assistance how and the Gutenberg Literary corporation granted exempt the laws status donations for Archive about to Foundation's organized Foundation efforts about more your information Project page at is by of www Literary or state's full your at contact the Email gutenberg extent . Plaza is permitted identification Internal is is Literary by is is works small of can Gutenberg is and links to readable - about is are many solicit of particular a up donations form tax we state no states compliance SEND locations and takes United and to donations keep where such know we in from tax pages for swamp received make of we accepted treatment of S requirements solicit . contributions donors to . web , donate with are approach met not the United International check statements . laws . works in copyright do we search and how PG main the particular any . paper eBooks eBooks to website how including people start at our website gutenberg our to newsletter donations to email Archive