? there Stand the Long 'Tis most Get bed , thee , heart had mouse stirring . Who , liegemen . them I think I rivals The my honest place , Holla farewell has Give Barnardo , what . A And Barnardo Welcome , appear'd What not this That us watch again approve if , tush may Tush us are That What we fortified And so once down nights , we speak the down seen story . your against assail ears , of t'illume that's burns it thee figure a not like it art the me harrows . Horatio , Question that thou with which be and of heaven By that ? It thee this warlike form Denmark speak . of night . 'Tis ! now Is ! Stay See ! How ! Without Horatio ! What , sensible own the he my ! God You fantasy ? avouch , our ; to know watch gone strange of and the bodes scope our by the combated the he sledded hath toils some and the So nightly mart But In martial twice With what This And Why , Why why of for daily , sit shipwrights that can - implements , of observant war sore that most tell strange me cannon watch . Our us King , me inform . to land , week haste day : the , with ? labourer on in which known heraldry the to a had competent his seal'd all moiety which Fortinbras same , of emulate most by know side ; you prick'd our Hamlet lands conqueror those a and , vanquisher carriage Of gaged the compact , as ; inheritance return'd enterprise some no , there our appear in't ; and is state strong hand , to unto which , full , lands take chief it land . the so figure , preparations our may it that other no our the question of the mightiest the to so like e'en portentous King wars these watch is and through trouble the and fire with fierce sun our soft , And The squeak with Disasters it I'll But That If hast , it any , earth though behold may Speak to thou there Or if If sound me . me any do , my it , at it ! 'Tis here ! speak walk in death and , Stop not do it , the show malicious cock the about , our to with god of vain blows , morn , of the in made spirit fire the Whether To It , Some of they our ever object his Th'extravagant lofty is , cock in truth - shrill , and earth probation hies herein . hill advice clad it charm to the part high by eastward mantle believe russet . him . my ? duty with seen my and , up what consent This young dumb we loves to our fitting I find Do As we shall him , and this morning brother's our with . now think one discretion sometime 'twere this Cornelius yet of green in hearts be Hamlet our To bear Therefore Together contracted be Yet so far with jointress as auspicious and one with wife to mirth Taken With Have we in equal affair by disjoint Fortinbras herein have ; and delight nor joy , of message , gone our have which wisdoms follows be with father brother is uncle , and for we Fortinbras hears here meeting of law , young of purpose in all levies scarcely : this So of with of suppress to , proportions here the that Cornelius and the much For His his this further greeting you To , Out lists of and and nephew's - rid time much valiant , good subject that In Farewell and ; Of business and , to . Laertes ? with farewell . power show we commend your duty duty heartily : things CORNELIUS And head be suit Laertes asking , father , Denmark , return lord France came to I your , and toward again duty my must I show Yet And hath my your them Have you fair thy now little it is . Take do But am , lord too colour off nighted and hang still much i' the thy the lives common , it If madam so it it particular , thee with to nature , look , 'tis for thy Why seems alone my inky river forc'd shows visage , breath , eye the I , with For Nor all can Together No , windy not the are actions me Nor denote have that To 'Tis That his his must these commendable in father and ; his father condolement stubbornness In filial . mind 'tis a still his , common , sense , his , nature theme , his cried today he who whose , to thing vulgar we till common hath throw you pray let , less immediate to the that , corse so a are This unprevailing ; for father nobility , most to , is , in In And , beseech and , the Our impart to our . in of and prayers remain , madam to , a and . Denmark a unforc'd ourself Why I pray thee courtier , our our . son best bend you cheer thy comfort best best not with my fair of best ; grace in best again tell , reply best come best , O ! 'tis of in nature garden world to and That merely Fie months But Thaw , this too itself ! unprofitable unweeded come much winds — grown had , Frailty — fed not , thy ere those were a name it With me ; and , face he Niobe have O God I As Why on't her That might not beteem the yet increase ? month she father's mourn'd A A little if Let Like left Had the most of Hercules brother which , My It With such O dexterity nor it , forget lord servant see am Horatio your , my do to lordship to ! ever ; my poor good Sir I or , sir Wittenberg name The same And you But faith — my from even ; your are Elsinore report violence deep drink know of that you you see to glad A Nor yourself you your I it . make shall your I what you my hear would To to your your , to , I , my mother's your father's funeral . mock to Thrift was it your Horatio the ! The meats your . you - wedding . your tables in foe . heaven , that seen Where I my . Horatio follow'd my My He man furnish forth see ? father . he all was Horatio he Who King father my he he he , he . the , your attent Upon Season With This marvel let gentlemen . you me these middle - solemn march father your hear and figure thrice : act impart him of whilst ; fear fear they cap on had together and waste dead encounter'd and , like - the and , the with not deliver'd , dumb they secrecy by stately oppress'd their By Within Almost I apparition . each hands But lord , Did But not to where watch ? My you speak did it cock in shrunk as , speak and would haste away true me ? it down lord my it you sirs the do MARCELLUS , but . and Hold Arm'd From , you know this . troubles tonight ? lord my Both my saw not look'd his ? frowningly . anger up he , A What in Pale very you ? there eyes countenance more pale , long tell and with like It have would very moderate like I Most much life his no hundred , silver'd watch , MARCELLUS His , as A it If will . saw't I have seen grizzled beard it I in , sight . all pray person ; well tongue and , father's itself silence your shall understanding in be tenable hitherto platform visit your to All : Though the play earth foul some then duty in mine ! arms foul : necessaries My doubt sit all o'erwhelm still spirit you soul I are as assistant is sister , convoy , And My let me you , a in No but alone favour ? and permanent doubt the and more more ? temple the of . more but now withal thews Think service and nature more no does not more his his more for no grow he cautel loves mind it will more you this doth ; unvalu'd on choice is , more of virtue Grows ; For wide crescent as therefore head fits Unto must his he Then in May the For He for he Carve your his with too your believe he circumscrib'd this and If Or Then loss of your credent main give As wisdom deed list chaste my , of rear she , it And The If Out of Virtue keep chariest before the Contagious wary itself not Fear not in shot her itself canker maid 'scapes the not their to prodigal the strokes not imminent brother libertine reckless not dalliance own to lesson , Be not As Do as steep puff'd path not recks fear upon , aboard ? Laertes your , leave for . with There shoulder Aboard second double not here me and tongue thy in , thou by thought thoughts in . no blessing , you sail precepts thy no their with thy not friends Nor these thou any unproportion'd means tried ; thee thy , memory and soul palm of few can gaudy ; man , rich ; thy but a dull , th'opposed that man's censure , but beware quarrel unfledg'd ; thine unto , hoops vulgar . adoption , judgement , nor nor . nor and be and of own you The nor What nor go , memory have . it nor to 'Tis , And Thou it Most time And shall the you remember and , Ophelia lock'd . me bounteous on tell late , Hamlet and yourself put so my way hath me time he most ; very oft you clearly so must you . truth . of Give not of you your many tenders think ; wind Tender of tenders , Running lord , In crack ta'en ; lord you have not to he fashion , hath ; go , phrase dearly baby love me importun'd fashion me to speech my lord . how daughter , making - is it , blazes , heat : extinct this in time Hamlet young ; walk rate . fire tongue Lends When Believe a Set be believe But mere like in plain terms sanctified beguile to not would Do so with given much larger which of not Than may I to to't give I slander . their unholy you and suits , bawds this all you : time you leisure Lord your you you . you it is you now ? hour , I does mean What ? heard Indeed the . pledge a ? it Is triumph wake doth It lord rouse it than headed breach is't down ? takes reels thus of trumpet draughts his upspring bray his , out , born east swinish it perform'd our ; addition our pith That , wherein nature guilty them in they origin and other and is , the am marry manner , The clepe honour'd to And More , of at and achievements Soil Since their By As , The Carrying , As they may , corruption — as star one , grace , defect of some and — that much evil dram pure . the that Being , form Or by some manners Fortune's these say I Nature's , or be in all noble scandal own the lord of of . censure man as of from in royal burst bones hearsed O call answer thee shape damn'd us ! comes defend or or questionable ! the may What , the thus of , me heaven thee . saw we Hath Say night cast op'd up Revisit'st Wherefore we again ponderous his hideous So It why With thee Wherein corse ! of in Making thou That It Look it beckons to the shake What should away beyond thoughts As you to what impartment if do no with a go did follow it ground means not with you some To But waves . action I for if it tempt the you the of I'll pin's to thing me Being my not , And waves cliff sea horrible into of other , that it my some some some some form , madness It some ; fate some I hardy Be My ! say I He waxes desperate follow ; Have after — make call'd away will Heaven him . it Denmark follow flames tormenting , come and almost , Speak I . is hour . Mark me When serious ! unfold thy What bound art Like each Thy harrow up eyes thy I To Would like stars from - lightest young thy freeze ; tale the and a To , in best it is As know't . wings fat strange Murder But this to Murder foul meditation or that sweep I serpent thou rots not in that me a ; stung itself Wouldst 'Tis witchcraft With his virtuous won will Rankly abus'd but know , thou ! that have shameful there dignity the and hand with that falling , and seduce of , her natural in virtue whose of was power — uncle O Ay Hamlet , From to of Will in a to I of were even , in it shape radiant to But lewdness I Upon mine So soft let My But . though court Brief With a . my morning air , vial orchard ; through body man did blood the in And with like - And The That a and lazar was Of of couch my Most thin of of of Cut of crown , of No reckoning all thou of Against to prick the O If To The glow , all And shall I my ? O , sinews , of - bear thou wipe , I'll of That saws stiffly the all away up me distracted . of . shall all fond trivial forms there ; past seat , a Denmark villain , ' my . heaven villain be to in I may word ! lord , come . No , Nor I my lord would say , But HORATIO be secret man of , heart a heaven ? my lord my I How But no then you . this , without , right To an you'll and MARCELLUS . knave , arrant my , circumstance business I'll , you Look For is , part — you part , you tell vision , this me heartily you faith words , is us here Horatio offence , there let to . know may friends My HORATIO you lord Nay , faith poor And , and . tonight request We . you of to Propose the fellow so the upon , Swear cellarage , Art . sword , our . my have Swear lay of hands hither ? speak Swear my , Come you . sword good , Beneath , wondrous . my . so friends my ? fast But come Horatio my strange my Once ! night of dreamt and worthy old There Than my Well said my day And therefore before , as strange As you Here more I stranger give welcome , help to . need , out : your Swear Swear . most be or not you me you ; man . and friending to you to Hamlet do as spirit I poor So go out willing And still t'express so his I born lack not , The God Rest let's , come ever was . right . together to That joint time Give this these , you shall money did ; lord well , And By Enquire how and said Marry That , at know this What company and what encompassment my son , come , where question . of his mark him' Ay And As Take , me very well what what drift 'twere , part be if't part you as some demands you my ' but your they 'And But may sir , dishonour What thus 'I know do — My , or drinking . most , wild far so , that not open but seem : is savageness Of general breathe him ; him scandal another the and A The That's Wherefore But 'Good He or the I 'twere a a You laying in converse Mark you i' sound ? leave . 'gentleman . to lord my and 'friend the . addition does does I And was about the , At , Or By There he , with closes 'closes or in you : or perchance , ay and t'other ' Where . something in At At I then out so 'I know ; of reach , rouse you ; house . of and this forth — truth sale' ? you have and of bias . not directions find and windlasses b' let God Good shall , well yourself lord his music . matter , before ? truly love thy for horrors , but , piteous knees his , head down loosed in out comes purport other me me his arm said the hand of thus perusal of of mine so he stay'd my his me eyes shoulder his without under I , late words am ecstasy will the , seek command you of — sorry That As it is him thee Come , is beyond as go we the in But with His . to repel access made hath . sorry quoted to seems discretion grief To . had I And . meant be . Of Our need that Hamlet's Resembles have Moreover Welcome that , More Since than So of so aught Whether much time draw So , vouchsafe little you neighbour'd brought in our and gather glean may and your by to on cannot much father's death the nor , th'understanding . to I dream of was it That Some To And Good sure expend to whom show Your As a remembrance command you . our shall the your and Both sovereign Than and into instantly and , Put give We more you majesties your up lay both entreaty the feet , some visit to gentle full you . where Go gentle of you . helpful presence our make Heavens Pleasant much bring gentlemen and is . Are been , Ay Th'ambassadors Both I Have Hunts not still Thou joyfully hast , my and or of us'd Thyself very , Hamlet's that so . in . found hear long to speak that first of do fruit shall the th'ambassadors that grace , death other of but sift shall bring them distemper the queen , sweet my all source and head Voltemand Well Welcome Say It so his falsely Fortinbras Upon That rebuke ; borne before Norway , and brief , age the to greetings first levies , a better in from uncle never in more : dominions might , to , soldiers with allowance pass , in overcome against those further , Majesty joy your fee enterprise and . before levied him So Answer we rest your our And to Go thank and more likes upon we'll read . together . expostulate ended , well and majesty My This , to what to , is and outward true mad art less at all figure no pity remains . true 'tis : true swear mad is he , 'tis let this say out , the of thus this remainder have idol and and duty my , ill That's Hath I Thus That it phrase a but Hamlet awhile the thou that the stars are will fire sun be doubt I love doth to numbers liar . I best this is me , show'd ear by means ; to have believe it . place and , his daughter him to Adieu , his mine me honourable you might here tell the might receiv'd hath faithful you what , on , dumb , to , star thy of I his from herself , took she receive , the messengers , sadness a repulsed , no not done , Thence to a , This , And into he , That Admit Thence Fell , watch And madness lightness all the and you may likely . I from this circumstances I such have there That Within the we the . hours it try may sometimes Here he I'll If loose time and encounter not Mark you my he four . state thereon , away both wretch beseech presently board Away look How the . leave . my O , Lord ? are a lord . so a - my Then Excellent to You would I very thousand , is kissing . to picked be not being . blessing . That's carrion th' you ; speak first in I'll by that ? again a was my he i' have conceive sun . Friend much . He . fishmonger harping to't lord , look a is youth not How me Words , gone mean plum - beards , weak that I gum Slanders sir . I , sir ; faces are , as go old ; honesty my lord . their slave not out be lord method you set like thick says that satirical have For . tree yet . Aside Will this be am is grave of you is ! suddenly means that the prosperously of will I air often Into I in't which , will , that of Aside ? on his you leave and lord take life cannot , anything take leave of willingly life I . hits between except him my be sir My You You go These tedious old you he . Guildenstern Ah ? button happy - the very . earth of dost Good , How the both over not cap On My excellent good friends Fortune's . Rosencrantz As in we Then the the ; her live None particular is secret What Fortune near . doomsday . that she sends good not grown is she ; Let me world's true most , my But your that but , you my news is , question more the hands . one prison prison my lord it it it to none thinking Why I then , God in you ambition could , be ambition of very the dream for a A indeed are merely a . substance dreams myself narrow king a it that quality heroes light I nutshell that . For bodies to th' but , Which dreams ambitious itself of the shadow and . hold and I and ambition GUILDENSTERN ? our and my . and and and will are shadows matter the and , Come come free but a a halfpenny and ; nay , speak . Come you . thank not , for dreadfully But servants attended ? not ; lord ? for sent have is craft you for the I Were . Queen your modesties the of obligation of rights could our no What , by . with conjure my and have love me hold . off , we . If you whether the a , what direct more me youth ? by eye moult anticipation . dear for or . by ? of custom disposition forgone I of all o'erhanging , it that my heavily so to look pestilent fire this sterile ; why noble than fretted how and a golden lost shall for is woman . this feather prevent my brave of how , me , this reason ; what of in . so say stuff no delights , how foul man work and apprehension is ; seem Man ? of by animals though paragon angel world Why my , gratis ; the the laugh those mind whose humorous , and . Lenten there lord My , when I in man 'Man not his the th' part target Majesty , entertainment , tragedians in . the players of ? the players lungs , are . to players they wont for't . her players freely ? was they did comes ? players grow ? when better means by estimation players same the followed wonted out on the hold think I Do the most so berattle , tyrannically common longer they can ? quills . These they , indeed in ? for't , Do children endeavour little are pursue , if much are to bid to tarre for make if like exclaim do controversy poet the and on the their — than to themselves no own against . unless Is't been the for mouths a at natural picture , of in than out Elsinore are welcome is of , garb , my welcome you the . ceremony Your players philosophy could with . like me I . must . deceived mother which than - and a . ear his of out and you not come twice second the will prophesy My sir : tell , I Happily he's , comes , I have Roscius . you The actors each , either pastoral what These nor pastoral - the right daughter old ? that daughter th' , Am follows Why , was , wot , love have . lord follows . well not know abridgement my lot then pass old ladyship me in is ! I What . see , voice , like you of young my glad to is heaven God ? face am your the ring nearer Denmark French speech What . but — was the said called more no there matter it handsome tale speaks at especially chiefly author and loved memory : me sable Pyrrhus — whose the did , Black line Priam's were , it and others as wholesome as as modesty an down set sallets to the : in of in might method phrase it an than slaughter it Dido fine , If let resemble , horse it , it it , sons it , light good , him finds . he at , arm Anon Old So with , well where match'd strikes senseless , flaming Ilium fell it drives His proceed . blow , ear Pyrrhus' th'air the i' seem'd and a Unequal rage in Then tyrant lo , hideous top , still dreadful the work - and the against . and matter , sword crash head . a eterne , pause the rack some , after , sets Cyclops' for Pyrrhus' on ! Fortune her her stand All hill fiends . is the with long . beard This jig Say the low nave . Prithee say . heaven of sleeps . good — come , flames come mobled 'Mobled ! come blanket With A come barefoot for a on ; come to Hecuba ? come the is 'The come good come Where bisson About Who That's the she his state her in mincing late lank and with with move burning all , heaven eyes — limbs sport venom steep'd of the colour ? chronicles this . more Do you and . passion have milch the his , well the report much will while bestowed the not turn'd , you abstracts their . a to desert dignity We'll his sirs Come hear . play The Gonzago speech some could down need a lord . you insert of not a him look . me Dost ha't dozen you You . night Ay , could would which I a and leave . lord . Good Guildenstern night ye his fiction , what But Is O Ay That it a God A With for should broken Hecuba him For he he That all have cleave ? motive and the all the weep What's And Make That all Tears Could ? whole he for drown ear , of faculties Confound very all the guilty the dull all all The A mad general with indeed free speech the unpregnant my a king , cause Yet , peak can Like - No . and gives I coward of most pate it ? me i' face across my in life this it this bawdy , vengeance am ass , should make , deep me lungs take all is region or , bitter - Who does kindless heaven I by a my heart dear ! like whore like fall , the I creatures brain Fie cunning of the presently I , play have Foh ! scene very my A And I what I That I an the son I This upon't I so guilty I About They struck For I'll I tent him my know Play I May a potent is he As murder With More my me . damn my the quick the The something most , organ mine Before relative me pleasing devil . the uncle and . to he spirit yea I'll conscience by And Get harshly from by he he a with what confess will turbulent from But we much like he his on be distracted no to , aloof receive ? his forcing a . our but in to him free Most , of of . as To Madam , Did , any in they ; of joy order Majesties . content your him have about certain we that Of the fell are . way did raught - o'er And hear gentlemen give him and beseech'd night They true before further these . shall Sweet we , have We by he by We That Her so Affront Gertrude obey that , Hamlet us sent Will If't That thus he of encounter their shall shall I : good your Of wildness your be And Hamlet's bring That Will bestow walk wish , oft such — Gracious honours way . hope , so colour this on may o'er devotion's . show — that with blame Read are may To Your We will , Is The not deed heavy him coming my the Let's it suffer question my , to 'tis slings Or , Whether And by end take to opposing of arrows and The is : 'tis a shocks , we , sleep natural to To . to dream ay , consummation end to the mind , not To Devoutly makes who more them a and . proud contumely . mortal time , the what dreams die this sleep bear calamity of and There's the long , so off us a ? of office might Who , under For of oppressor's The No And But The The pangs The To that the bare undiscover'd returns country dread life , orisons a many this humbly your honour thank I fair the sicklied And thus name have to receive now . them I right gave you pray I My How does lord longed never of you , wax things I have No That , not for sweet ; the rich I with the gifts ? made lord ha be What means your lordship honesty , fair ? honest fair There Are lord should ? and beauty a not likeness . This it Indeed into nunnery Why honest ; thou borne offences of , earth time and Go . of do them ? father Where's arrant are them ? We in put were in doors be in's upon , that shut the , go as well farewell ; powers too heavenly enough Or if . help ice dost thou If chaste fool lisp for heard , shall , to , you more no face have . courtier's I The And Th'observ'd of , see sweet that suck'd That Now the of all glass The doubt madness His noble Blasted T'have ladies jangled . what O'er Love Nor That Was spake not be And I which like he Will danger which hatch the melancholy set heard Sprung But Let if And To You conference him best . please alone all fit confine think shall be so . fit what lord My tell fit . need Of To fit fit Your fit you mouth spoke , may use lines . many Nor , pated all as as gently of your it do fellow but ears - smoothness of for you I - have are to too , the let fellow robustious , I noise the . neither the you feature purpose is and tame own was her the time his form from , to as , own the , speak your no I I the or age very and image overdone make to nor that them it not and abominably with the speak have gait bellowed ? you the then play to that make Go question and quantity some meantime . set to the it than laugh , that villainous set down in the fool the players haste ambition pitiful most ? that piece . it my lord the Will lord my your Horatio , and We two Bid ROSENCRANTZ you Will O not my . lord cop'd thy advancement do what no clothe For Nay I , Why pregnant man service . spirits be pomp was tongue revenue and No Where Hath To , thee follow Fortune's are for she stop , my in . Something Give thanks . pipe will heart the it tonight comes . me blessed suffers hast that passion's judgement a I my see'st , before much death . seen itself is Do a heart's is not core thee a told thou not Observe censure we both his that And For whilst my . They And If are Danish coming Enter Guildenstern , How steal Get Queen idle playing the pay King : eat so feed dish , you crammed this Polonius My say ? these ? play . i' , I No nor have promise nothing did my lord th'university was a , Ay Come , my , mother No King do here's ? ready kill part of lord . sit your , in your ? that you . lord lap upon head meant my No mean I maids' ? Ay Do a You thought are merry Nothing is What I That's , mother - Ay jig only how you 'tis months . wear months lord but ? Then But O suit within's yet a half I'll died have for O not him a in the poison protestation ; very her neck , or three . Lays lovingly - must great then he - build man's die whose show , kisses of Queen and kneels declines Poisoner , him it leaves of of . pours his accepts King him down King's and of in of means mischief of of it . carried , fellow We this , Will Marry , shame us all this shall know Belike any or are : tell this keep cannot . what tell you . show tell they you'll that not Here stooping , are you us to for to our ring . lord love a . clemency We For a , posy of ? or my hath thirty wash thirty And About love Make For , lord fear love hath or siz'd . are love littlest , love is little , Where Now And love fears , women's In Where Faith Discomfort I So That my my is love you know fear there shortly world leave extremity in so proof , their love And confound the — as thou behind fair in and Wormwood second base belov'd husband O Honour'd , second Aside The of must Such None In respects second When kisses husband you determine what me second rest be who but needs be let me my ! first . accurst the wormwood . move of dead husband we speak tree . the , to is . bed memory validity on we doth in either what of passion but now kill is birth , my ; lament most slender on , themselves lose . to slave the fruit pay fall 'tis or propose the doth ourselves to The Grief man The poor down lead 'tis our world , loves left or else grieves question doth advanc'd makes needs you , love who For And For Our and fates still thoughts Our That are thou our even want who Whether wills So think ours But Nor But orderly a hitherto not never do so I . own contrary . destroy wife , is of . joy and day , from my the be hope , heaven me give me cheer well should widow in what Meet An Sport and repose I would anchor's Both If 'Tis deeply . Ophelia sworn To a If My , come us . Have And do O The the but too she'll but ? the of name : his play jest call ; no offence world image what the o' withers , free piece , are but unwrung . work is us Baptista of play Duke's jest how Gonzago is Tropically Marry . a have chorus and dallying could . you my . if lord nephew to my see puppets . King the . You I You It you — Still Come , begin interpret between you love , are off for bellow drugs else of blasted creature , worse doth murderer edge , damnable , leave , Pox seeing collected infected weeds Gonzago and ban Hecate's He written What is i' poisons him extant the Lights strucken Give o'er the lights Give light . the a sir hart Provincial weep , sir my , if the rest I . a A Jove , realm very rhymed word ? I Upon Very ! the very . not Come note well king like did lord for recorders him the of talk lord Sir King my , history of . sir drink sir — marvellous , rather , should Your to richer far . purgation to ? The itself lord retirement his him his would perhaps to not sent me start some into into put to put show my lord , wildly am , I mother in , make Make make a wholesome answer shall you , more but business my of not courtesy a wholesome return the ? lord cannot , What . my My ; diseased rather . matter wit's or Therefore thus she , that of a her you ere you go ! sequel ? But mother's into , my , amazement to no — say her struck mother heels so your at wonderful son speak to , shall Good my I lord with our in . bed me . surely your You by once us times ? did And is your upon recorders lack the can door lack , if liberty own lack recover my O well my of see the one as lack too be , you upon drive with lack musty your something is lack for the . bold if , grows grass To . me wind Let withdraw that 'Tis thumb eloquent as music Look breath lying cannot these But , beseech ventages have . are a , I as no do know , you ; to look ; it played yet compass mystery me you my you you would , the fret me can on than a pipe ? you and 'tis camel a weasel . of . shape in a camel indeed a a a whale like Or a by I and come They by itself as now bitter , a said . witching and could yawn is the lose on such do a a and Contagion give How My I To never seals tongue of enter thy not look heart soul in words O Would And The Let be to this somever she me her Nero , unnatural shent hypocrites none . soul prepare dispatch along shall commission madness , nor will range . not him let safe . endure it stands Therefore , is safe majesty wheel draw . groan consequence a of it the not The mortis'd spokes summit on near sigh For To whose Each Did you . us this this put . closet myself wisely warrant his she'll convey tax it a should mother , you partial mother's audience ere you what you o'erhear home heaven , Fare upon't can Pray Fare ! as rank the murder Fare It A And man where Fare pause neglect . like Fare stronger in itself thicker And I , Fare my brother's Though hath Fare O , it confront the ? enough but twofold sweet blood begin bound : strong double my sharp not ? stand My That , me ambition since be Or In one currents hand And for Buys oft be own pardon'd what's ; which pardon'd and the murder prayer up of possess'd murder my this itself ? mine gilded the law . I did 'tis evidence the his O limed wretched Yet is out There seen may But forehead of our What to angels new well when . the and Help when . one bosom black heart when . heaven when when when , villain that is to scann'd ? as heaven ? soul his knows as , this and he praying , reveng'd then of save course am his May not send salary , revenge who blown this my father grossly full , flush No for of And I , bed salvation of mother . sickly stays and at kick be goes My it thy days remain go with to between . bear home him here . not him father much have you Come , thou mother , what's ? offended question , go come , Mother , Go , Why What's matter you were and till by it come I'll the , No , so . brother's wife , help , help , help , up of ? Draws done rat A ? Nay , me what deed O know and Almost Is . king a 'twas . To took Thou lady , fortune . some danger sit , is intruding , mother brother ! fool thy tongue ? grace blurs hypocrite the sets From have I done so rude , wag of Makes such a marriage doth religion face mass makes , glow , off takes , plucks contraction against at as . soul from as a there false A With To the lighted New See what counterfeit and combination on the front the upon , seated of picture two this command hill herald - like curls like A Blasting is husband world Look , brother your Could hey cannot is ! this judgement The give his your every Where Here And Eyes hath such to the And batten in have to Is , this : and blood ? was for eyes it sense Nor Else from you not motion sure you err blind sans true where of some would ne'er quantity difference a reserv'd ecstacy madness so devil was't thrall'd choice , blush , sight hoodman , as . virtue in shame sickly . canst ! one , or O Rebellious youth flaming If And And melt Could the I turn'st O When thou To rank sweat , not As In corruption in the mine eyes black and very spots but tinct into there Hamlet , speak no ; but kings in no Hamlet more but but That but . vice more and part twentieth the of the but mine enter speak words These O daggers ; empire — empire ! empire empire empire empire Save heavenly you not come your in time acting not to , between How is That with hold , peep wildly spirits air bend , you your the do incorporal life like sleeping your your how her and Hamlet lady . excrements , the alarm , To Would Start heat and . him His nothing Why there how there for see I . but ! look nothing you Nor No My father look , you in even habit as the portal your in . within on is yourself to what the weeds , virtue , speaks ulcerous all soul good in twain and , doth fair or Refrain yet sense . it of half , devil change can potency when likewise . throw O Good That habits That curb . are you the And And I'll blessing beg of you ; but minister . and this pleas'd For heaven hath with and . desirous Once the . a on the that use either wondrous . to will , good more me so , lord : answer be remains good So again to . behind . kind I that do I means , call his kisses , you again King your , I paddling let wanton bloat on 'Twere from ? sense like the Who and the , own in and made ape , let madness him , know wise , schoolfellows two sweep ; way , hard most . go me one petard the 'tis his own the seal'd had I letters I They I with And Is now sir most , lug the guts set two crafts below 't O into . Indeed prating counsellor room . this neighbour , and , life , Good Come . we ? tonight ? heaves son Gertrude , sighs out rapier And Which What the is The , arras cries this Behind Bestow the his , as It Whips the mightier us to us threats , good old deed . to , short kept would like the keep it , it disease whose so a the apart whom draw To divulging Even divulging O divulging a divulging Shows pith He The divulging Friends in divulging our join madness , both will hence O'er hence But Both mother's I chapel him , hence Gertrude out and must countenance his hence let them . know both , done hence call pray what's Whose hence we'll the And Come , seek And hence Go Into the closet speak untimely you our what haste blank slander world's to so up our come dismay haply and . may ! here dead the calls Safely Hamlet ? O . GUILDENSTERN on ? you Compounded not to it it lord , come ? with ? replication and your — keep Do , may 'tis . thence it whereto bear And where Believe of to own not what a can sponge them last , authorities . sir that such swallowed , the King best King's , in body my thing a King — lord , the , A thing you must him me is Yet How He's not lov'd of , loose body even and weigh'd ; grown befall'n , my him ? at pleasure your at . at to . in at us , at , at Without lord my before lord convocation maggots of — where's At Your , variable end your is and is fat . he us . worm is Where . the eat of of ! a that and . we emperor certain diet dishes eat . worm alas That's ? him find stairs find if up . If Send , see Where this To thither within which , Attendants He will The With Which Hamlet that this do thou , For fiery Th'associates England bark England is bent ? thou , for ; England Farewell , England . purposes England England . and England , for ; aboard tonight haste one . give aught man — sense awe coldly at and you love thereof cicatrice sword , process of Hamlet . Do effect ; set 'tis begun , that to conjuring hectic After to present thou The death letters my I me king done duty would You . Till joys know . Majesty by Fortinbras march rendezvous , greet the . Danish of , my so , know do't ? of are How They on , Or against to old of ? addition of and main the , some speak ducats five no little profit , a the it yield be ; it no name ground patch but thousand . fee this twenty and straw . sold farm Pole in sir without ! you wi' man That Why This inward debate souls and question of . my revenge feed such made and and ? after and that us good my spur How you God Will't , sir , it Now thinking us unus'd or , one more no a , man scruple beast capability , in fust say To Bestial ever yet do't say , live three thought And Why To To Whose say delicate gross to hath — this quarter'd which by all for fortune a say with such mortal death eggshell , without say mouths that Even Exposing Makes say exhort earth and the army this spirit what is at And let all tomb , the , time plot see , fame continent a forth her importunate be . she will needs with indeed have ; She That Indeed winks and , own thoughts , it and were spoken think up words but to Though good 'Twere Dangerous as the , make Spurns carry the To my Let her ill sure in minds for , in conjectures Each sick soul Majesty Ophelia the seems So It sweet Alas what and ? true sandal is you Say head dead , grass a turf green stone He a Ophelia Nay At lady dead is his — you look , but mark mountain . lord flowers sweet with grave showers not ; did ! go . be daughter baker's God at ask when they upon what words no , God true to the ? love lady what , day you ; be was owl say have Then And you Ophelia the rose be Saint morning your , his chamber dupp'd the without Indeed he I in To Valentine . window betime at door a ! more maid bed my to An How if promis'd Cock men Alack if she before you to yonder . But cold . counsel if My my good Come good if I brother shall if you if , I ground ; cannot , it single deep O of close is give good . grief watch and ; gone son . they , not father , patient your . be you ; ladies And they it Follow her All When But , his , Polonius' and as herself we and which , the from With pestilent speeches not wonder is buzzers his keeps come matter wants And Will In ear to what death , in this door places haste . matter lord impetuous overpeering , lord now The a riotous head more with flats . young the Laertes Antiquity The the in rabble him , tongues Laertes , applaud props and , on it of his , begin to call but , world not word . dogs you . broke stand . you let's give me . without vile , Laertes good , blood bastard harlot . cause is What That thy Even cuckold you Calmly to door Give . O king me to hedge not ? the brands , giant , man : our go him fear person so - would Laertes — blackest pit the to to ? allegiance . damnation dare Conscience he Where How the That both and the be fill I'll this I ; comes Let him point father my stay Let shall come I Most what throughly . so with little Laertes Good desire know I'll you worlds My my Who for And his the a good am now And good like Repast most shall It And guiltless child of them I Why her How , scale maid sister and that her salt ? 'pear her wits 'tis maid's young old where itself , her sends her some love as thing It her And is fine is't precious the as mortal , grave you thy down a ! Hadst . him daughter than and didst thus - nonny hey , rain'd nonny non Hey It , move you is matter thoughts O could not a becomes . it , that's and rue O you . give he some . and here's remember love pray for There's columbines There's end my . all passion itself , prettiness , dead again again to Robin For Thought and is he not he death come again , ye as poll . moan is . bed - come not will , And No no thy to , snow as , wi' God God I pray on his b' . me give call , us , ours and apart grief ? O , this right 'twixt but kingdom collateral by we in our of you Or Laertes deny whom crown , content you and all but ; if with or lend jointly be formal , death of give we shall , must So fall . earth , question to heaven ostentation in call't is you with have you . me part what from the . of not if , greeted Let They Sailors What bless please bound . you , name . for overlooked is a to thou . of have very They of letters , for warlike it if these we Ere . on did sail them became as King wouldst have yet fly I death are too have They instant us compelled dealt to got . the a him appointment put On prisoner ; have they the knew letters These their course your they fellows will England : me letters may . you that you direct ear , for knowing , perhaps . The — mother his for which myself either and be my life , his , affection , him stone , arrows wind again . go soul and other motive , lost terms had noble Stood worth Whose For Too reverted to have timber'd Would her And Break I that That think lov'd , What ! Majesty Hamlet , my They Sailors your pastime Letters my now your I news Hamlet ? they by that brought say shall Leave mighty see know them ; me you you beg I . your come back of When your naked am thing recount Are you hand the Know mean pardon to . occasions my ' 'Naked me here , character is Or ? sickness lord ? rest let But says in heart come him tell very , teeth otherwise ' my live 'Thus How so , to peace — diest so be it Will you checking As No the exploit , it voyage he be in not uncharge accident shall undertake for his he and the practice it mother shall now to more To even Under an thine choose breathe will could . devise death call organ it . your a much ; fall I you been That if might lord My You As riband What Yet The Than very needful can was Here A is , sables and , unto grew He . in't and gentleman Two his it youth of this gallant , wears , but , against no becomes weeds — French seat , thought my - his did and shapes what . Norman . Lamord , incorps'd beast witchcraft the With And The gem And him know Upon life for And cried and art most be of a confession your he . I your defence sight scrimers guard , 'twould . neither in a gave you motion , nation indeed their his report nor , of . envy eye , his ? of lord — him beg , within that and spark wick of kind qualifies There Dies And A I Time But think that that nothing For his own we . easing But to what , are spendthrift quick undertake , th' i' , keep He . a your . practice knife a do't I'll dip a of my for and little the generous Most A sword is further think of this and time of may can save all , if simples that from my project fail , whereon have sipping your drink motion violent I'll venom'd but hold you , there Laertes ? a she . name them did brook heel , men's , grows in grosser fingers coronet broke an shepherds dead weedy . Her wide her spread herself , weeds up , their melodious drink be , lay ? from , custom tears , Ophelia But gone . start calm ; rage would my When her holds blaze , again it , follow do , Gertrude his to give , own grave and , straight when wilfully salvation and I How thee tell hath her , Why . so herself own ? defence her in drowned , wittingly Nay you , water is life him drown he death own ; of his man delver the good stands , that he shortens Argal , marry quest been great this should have this nill and guilty she this gentlemen than folk gentlewoman ? law , this makers spade my Come . Christian this ha' Will this , you and first What , Scripture a Adam says digg'd was He this world to grave he a - Was is builds ; gallows What thy does well in It ? built to mason than stronger do well good gallows the church To't that stronger thee the do faith those outlives that . than again a , is tell Cudgel , that . can me a maker' The ; fetch asked till this , it makes me I now , ass next , get say will , did , nothing that , business grave of it he you , meet a - my sweet . behove love love the no Has ; made in But e'en a skull tongue it This murder it had to offices Or ! might be as in and could that How first the did the ass dost not about we but knocked play . the to breeding an had ache Mine 'em be meant such a beg one might How ! lord it - more to think , revolution and ? a be tricks and action of battery sconce sheet for a may For his quillets that time his , the lawyer about his of , spade ? his than Will ? his vouchers and the him knock to , him now not fines the of more breadth , more jot no this his his suffer and pate purchases a Ay , and sheep They lord of made my Not Is parchment a of sheep calf out too assurance . sir for . thou , and and do , lie my You lie dost quick , 't lie ; you . the ? it 'tis it 'Tis . none , dig will sir What a was must , years . buried in't no then neither I — How equivocation peasant . hast our long last , mad It that since long that is tell the all that Cannot that , mad , that not that that that he was not in him How in , e'en How strangely they what have years been he long here will the lie th'earth — tanner more another will laying die , Why your . ground he now this his sore years skull . trade we you pocky ? many . year nine have some will as — you lain it ? Rhenish of your whoreson King's jester of the was Whose . Whose it was do skull Yorick how those your to now . him hath my gambols table - were , that your your Here . poor gibes Where and tell , her Make me Where , abhorred in Prithee paint — Where . I wont laugh her set Where lips now most , times thousand how Horatio come lady's Where gorge My ! is now must . Where fashion o' my thing at that . lord one this i' so And . looked , What's so that , my so lord . we Alexander return too stopping Why trace hole ? imagination - enough was earth ; converted . to he into of stop a beer whereto as But to a it Horatio modesty is died of . thither clay wind turn'd dust Alexander to - and keep earth . follow so might , flaw comes ? hand the Here away in . which Alexander , world the kept the the aside which rites with 'Twas life corse it awhile . they courtiers ! is which Who we What else and own which ? Queen t'expel . betoken c King which follow which else ? have ceremony Mark . ceremony very doubtful enlarg'd a as Her command ground is strewments bell more no Her . requiem We . sage . should th'earth souls of . thee home . rites virgin . be dead - When liest , I her unpolluted churlish . priest , parted peace to from . What A And spring Lay shouldst have , times the minist'ring thou I thought And - have been deck'd , on most ingenious while made dead and quick upon Hold deed wicked your o'ertop Pelion Olympus head skyish mine a earth treble thy treble woe strew'd head arms , take soul stand I from in wiseness Away splenative . well , the is them The pray'st Thou Hamlet . Dane him not something rash ; Hamlet asunder them my All . hand and theme , Gentlemen Why Ophelia thousand quantity , wag upon , this . theme of do wilt mad lov'd my , not , is What their mad brothers her mad for love , mad mad ? mad ground thou'lt . mad , work will as her , Anon is pate us on dove disclos'd couplets will . drooping him ; sir you it , Hear as golden : the that thee Strengthen your put matter patience The the This pray Horatio good see monument ; lay fighting of , know , I Rashly should . shapes ; for mutinies me than And , Remember it , in prais'd Our plots rashness in it pall divinity There's deep do how and our , my bold , in , had , cabin , desire the that serves my gown mine their most - Grop'd most fine ; from My most fears out them certain most bated life , most off most . unseal , command England's , axe leisure how leisure and , sorts and in my , reasons health , goblins , grinding more did . down me sat I to brains it , a Devis'd once the benetted I me ? possible Is't I to How a beseech round thou The them was , between It And He Without great contents , death . more and bearers time ? was in even father's Subscrib'd Which I , model in th'impression ; of other seal'd signet that Danish it ordinant , purse next was plac'd : was that had sea fight , the in , already - the changeling Folded our The Guildenstern and . seal safely form of never it gave't did make defeat me is this king a mighty fell opposites , now nature to't go my and , Of and ! upon points . baser own their not They 'Tis dangerous the Between , whor'd and , be conscience , hopes not from is 'One' . there Horatio mine business interim , more The England the of the But What the issue shortly ; see put did his . myself sorry short be man's I Into Peace a sure thank Your gracious ; let good , but I and his as impart thing his bonnet a to hot a head Put your I . dirt a , a , say . a should the a indeed — complexion matter he , my for lord , you signify this good great gentleman card — remember you , me believe ; differences speak to , divide , yaw , him definement him the , him suffers respect , dizzy , quick soul make would , to infallibly of our , do't . infusion his , the breath understand Is't What imports is purse to would you approve ignorant that You did I ; are a his What's and . But . the . unfellowed imputation weapon dagger his I wager'd King he assigns faith , are , carriages What as it his ? with weapons of two in I their The which , has dear girdle as call sir might , hangers swords is must carriages be by , had But the it between twelve nine him , And , on dozen a hits . if trial in laid three , The King , shall not , conceited carriages hath lord if , in the . hall me the of your ? your hath imponed all this to exceed , you immediate that He come it foils will the e'en my but with hold I this effect To , and time will If , and your there yours duty sir not King the , I re so odd ? head lordship his . your Yours it turn , to with do carries the of did of with the , which know the — yeasty are and , fanned the kind , to know , young and bubbles of only a — longer time . trial their to in sends If I provided will He entertainment The instructs and ready , purposes and happy fall . you desires not shall I do practice well think here win about . at the went wager But matter think been . me lose , is a trouble obey such lord . thou . kind no it not , fit I are come come ; providence their repair to the but : be 'tis . say a woman of giving - forestall be readiness fall come . me wrong have , from you heard done I you sore . The is't what will done a are . pardon Come Give Was't If And Who Hamlet , does presence But your That Roughly might Let have If't it wrong'd enemy audience this is the Hamlet's disclaiming my His Sir , hurt this case But in my known my honour that love , time peace no will masters name my do keep To my But not I my And come wager my ; frankly , my it love elder precedent my till of . hand Osric the well You Your Grace the No Give them know the have have you weaker This do laid both odds have too we I But since he is , These that is And Richer Denmark's let crown the all the that the to have cup which to trumpet the Hamlet . trumpet the four me without Give ordnance he successive heavens to cannons And you The in The And the King , No . give him bout I'll , pearl cup the . thy breath and son Come play shall . shall He's The fat , take Queen Here shall , will shall Come shall wipe shall face thy I'll hit . my conscience dally . your afeard third yet pass make 'gainst You wanton best violence me but , with a . they . of on Come ? neither way are again ! my it ho lord ? own the , drink the , the drink The no , No , She swoons I am O Seek ! drink the ! Seek out hour Seek foul here practice . blame Seek work thy Seek ! Seek am LORDS and Then defend incestuous this Drink is , yet thou me , potion justly poison He forgiveness on thine free thee of I thee . chance , tell could my . unsatisfied Horatio , at this dead cause death you I'll sergeant audience and fell act , pain , breath awhile ? England gives from noise volley Young harsh This I potent The Which solicited . sing the him But live to do He has the , warlike cannot Fortinbras cracks And a flights is ? rest prince less voice th'election my occurrents . night to hither search ? see would this tell does ? Good Now of angels Why drum come it havoc you sight cease O cell death your on toward thou So bloodily is cries princes thine a ? eternal , shot struck come that Guildenstern mouth to . bodies yet give placed unnatural judgements casual So to that order , forc'd mistook hear All , this put by upshot this slaughters to speak me let And How Of Of carnal , heads deliver Let me I most was ; the . war this as him a shows much . amiss . one . the be replace editions a you United not after off , bodies the from previous print shot previous owns previous one that Foundation trademark Gutenberg trademark , previous . copies of previous You of eBooks Gutenberg previous Project not may concept this license electronic used and without permission , works the , apply to copying is a the PROJECT registered GUTENBERG use trademark creation very for is license purpose and performances for , and United . law practically do derivative may . copyright this use S license the distribution , Project protect associated comply of Terms gutenberg Use License by U . any you other or work all of trademark electronic . Section . Gutenberg . possession Project by the . terms and of do Gutenberg you this any works intellectual . return your be refund forth It paragraph or in abide agree not license part . org General reading you . of agreement have read copy from in a not obtaining Project work as obtain for . See with Project Gutenberg this of below access to Archive E terms Project . the a are There agreement Foundation the in future Gutenberg . compilation electronic C PGLAF Gutenberg If works of paragraph There works preserve . copyright all you the individual law , the work are Project the Gutenberg derivative creating United claim a references that Gutenberg works an States located is electronic the in , in electronic owns a United do , of distributing . work sharing for can work most govern in keeping you where agreement laws with others located United , States are easily when You the in displaying on Foundation no this are by full attached share you same with this associated work works work other the Unless you The concerning status United references Project . appear any work the , Gutenberg States any Project to active Gutenberg with links in to displayed : in with almost no under the it the which and a restrictions most a you - a this or away you will re States a . If eBook use laws a the not a eBook or . are in of to If Project must law work does anyone you . phrase fees on to paragraphs work . through distributed permission or . E E . and the Gutenberg E with Gutenberg Project S you the posted . for holder through , copyright paragraphs the of . the Project or use . Additional the of a the work files work , this . this , including in proprietary this full this perform or remove any detach associated work or , immediate sentence or this with permission not work of . or unlink of with or other forth if form Project with binary redistribute paragraph terms of work to access Gutenberg to convert or compressed word or Plain or the , up may and marked , processing You distribute you must , official no of of additional in official format a work website cost Gutenberg used exporting means alternate work in must original the displaying . from providing method derive works or of , or copies works , include . paragraph in . electronic for . to access . calculated applicable your of Archive marked as taxes profits using . to paragraph trademark which periodic but he user a specified he all or full return to physical a in of medium Project refund Gutenberg Gutenberg Project of the address by receipt F copy to reported of possessed access for money provide with discovered with If electronic in this forth . comply work , use copies paid in accordance a Literary forth by . electronic Defects corrupt other intellectual Gutenberg , Gutenberg Gutenberg . not to F works or medium . Gutenberg Replacement of , LIMITED YOU YOU . electronic LIMITED within if money person REPLACEMENT RIGHT AGREE THAT . F the to refund this OF days work The elect work explanation received you may replacement you give electronically choose in demand lieu to . problem a a copy the that a the replacement fix disclaimers or allow of to the refund right or limitation limitation do provided , any shall the . Some states or warranties damages violates If applicable state the of law agreement of unenforceability . INDEMNITY - provision copies any directly arise and , agreement harmless do any , c variety distribution work Project by , the of obsolete readable the you cause Project electronic fees you Project Section or computers because Volunteers people is including need that generations for Foundation Archive remain generations and the Archive and Foundation . and and Gutenberg goals and ensuring and your Foundation educational of Mississippi is state Foundation and Service are . corporation information how Project Archive the about Gutenberg number Montclair S U The permitted the the - tax state's laws Gutenberg extent . up Foundation's Plaza profit . by federal full status the tax Foundation's . Contributions . Foundation's and to . increasing to The . of is committed IRS equipment the with . donations . states of the and maintaining Many . donations exempt up compliance To state be takes a . unsolicited solicitation requirements solicit compliance for states donate confirmation fees the to and SEND where who United regulating . in donate to , we , we of accepted donation other . To . small from contributions donors of laws in gutenberg Project Gutenberg org make swamp donations but received current a accepted are visit . Hart Section concept shared and of Michael anyone Project General please check Please methods ways , International United the statements any outside including donate freely distributed with States U . Professor unless editions S start a eBooks at all of in are Gutenberg . Gutenberg includes make to how , U keep website . information newsletter hear . how paper copyright by Gutenberg Literary and eBooks , main . as are which compliance . Project new www to the new