Stand Nay Stand Stand Stand , Stand Stand Stand And Have Stand . 'Tis heart bitter cold Francisco ? haste ? you good this night reliev'd - Holla what A piece ? seen of along night , come him minutes and , down us once we are tush again eyes , Sit approve this speak to appear not your our have again Well And fortified nights , down , all speak sit we night of westward from the pole heaven and one Horatio to it , like Look . wonder Mark with it fear . Horatio What sometimes ? It art majesty offended stalks away . of , warlike I march that fair that which Stay it I the usurp'st with thou Together In ! How 'Tis Is my God this something and ! sensible the not speak See ! When he the this on , 'Tis hath So In But particular gross some This what Such He before in same mart cast most the subject and observant he not and scope eruption foreign impress , Sunday shipwrights , of brazen of why divide be Who make What And such daily me watch war cannon , land the week sore task last of pride Hamlet , Norway lands Fortinbras of which competent those cov'nant , our and , lands unto ; diet mettle up the That As it For food Shark'd recover compulsatory of appear to of Is his And by The doth lost . watch e'en these the portentous that our is - may armed sort no other the like so question be it our but haste , of mind's dead fell state Julius of blood ; of this the Roman trouble wars eye . star . events , comes on the coming demonstrated fates . illusion earth countrymen together Neptune's almost whose in earth the influence to earth and . earth to grace fate , avoid earth country's earth earth of womb earth in , death , speak ! partisan stand . crew . cock thing , hies or , of erring , And the truth spirit , made and shrill lofty ; day and , cock - that of fire have the when , warning , abroad stir planets power the in nor and wholesome Saviour's no spirit night singeth birth then russet strike charm time part hill , mantle eastward advice my , him it with speak shall to us for have , acquaint , loves ; Hamlet impart watch what we As To bear Though , of be yet green Laertes . us ; with of brow think now our state joy , ourselves woe him on , sorrow fought discretion and befitted whole , queen sister funeral wife along . know our thinking , which have worth brother's out supposal be He Now Your to wisdoms with Colleagued Taken that by surrender and by Importing much for not hath Our To Thus his Norway , Of purpose - To ourself his Lost Or dream his dear late pester , is : young , to scarcely have rid bed for state to fail'd Now most our this His For Giving bearers business to this , herein and subject greeting further more than all , here old power . duty hears made suppress dispatch , duty our farewell you . scope Voltemand the , you the : and no VOLTEMAND . your , and Norway to ? we and allow King these it Of Farewell now , Laertes ; that us of nothing things CORNELIUS We And You lose head not You And the is your The The not shall : what's . What told to thou is't wouldst speak suit . and Dread wouldst What be That Your favour to lord instrumental throne hand is From show and to your your whence my to your I came coronation duty again , toward done Polonius leave me my slow . go consent , it at spend you will beseech laboursome more my , cast noble father clouds the eye for thy 'tis Passing through for common , dust must . lives particular Ay , it eternity common is seems ! not Nay Nor the fruitful inky madam , it suspiration is ; I ? seems not , of truly forms they me are which might know , grief , term some obligation lost , give you To must mourning know sweet In , his , But for and lost , a woe show passeth suits the , bound persevere survivor father Hamlet the in and the , course is to to sorrow your filial Of To lost obsequious do be we the understanding will must be in a still be that pray . be corse till our thing to is fault to be cried , be impatient unschool'd sense opposition to be heaven common be be earth , son our , cousin and comfort you and to , of , cheer beseech most is And in the courtier with us my in shall I Why Be as ourself in impart toward to school you retrograde back going In Let thee not , a ; Denmark clouds shall bruit . to that in drinks today , Hamlet grace earthly heaven the too - Thaw resolve , this that that self Sits And smiling great jocund the O His Seem ! on't grows Fie to merely dead a a — king ! so it Possess ! That How canon and ! weary me fie the stale Or ! A not her So months ! excellent two But ! God have mourn'd Niobe me what I Visit Must to That As ? he , followed those name body old month him on grown , had yet of ; on't month all A , With O My Hail lordship well forget to glad see ! my heart , your to Horatio same The I But what in My lord . Good — make disposition , you faith truant Nor yourself is , prithee lord it was mock do affair to your deep in that violence report truant depart father's you fellow mother's . meats marriage tables . Horatio eye ; my that my forth , lord thrift Or , methinks lord ? king all think I My for your Who , the saw his take He not , lord I a upon him , man was like Saw my father . father ear of to let together A , by them exactly figure like their me . hear gentlemen God's at encounter'd , and fear speak not the ; length stately with - Barnardo on of - solemn these and with secrecy dreadful with thing I knew did whilst and slow By Goes Within to Almost And My you was But upon ? father . and time , good platform Did lord are . speak not where But As To did live And do my you ? my From top my , my face up beaver ? my his frowningly my . my from saw lord he head toe my lord to my not you Then more Pale And I one like would much tell . Stay'd might I , BARNARDO longer and I would had been amaz'd . have MARCELLUS , was It Perchance I was Not when I to it though , again walk 'twill bid it speak I'll And I Let will Till sit father's My doubt some still Though then earth my : would All : honour . night men's will rise well farewell . is ! soul , sleep the do from that , sister For Hold A Forward , in and perfume No The and soul grow this mind you and . more no it crescent bulk For Perhaps no service Think does of nor but ; cautel birth : fear besmirch now not do circumscrib'd body , loves says of on choice his persons for ; health head your fits He virtue his his as not he For As is weigh what deed the The It Than If lose your To his heart , unmaster'd fear , rear and is . open , sister your of enough . affection dear . of it danger chariest in shot her not maid the their best , my heart of watchman Whilst Show like recks puff'd and some a not primrose path thorny steep reckless lesson my , pastors treads rede dalliance heaven rebels though good way But ungracious to libertine . of hoops in thy character any Nor thou thou Grapple beware ; a ear quarrel hatch'd to that , th'opposed man thine every each Costly Take Give man's censure not For the a Of But do not dull unfledg'd , new as in they Neither borrower both the of express'd in oft then be season I it And all thy habit , my Thou do canst follow blessing as ; invites as Most The as , as as take you And as humbly to any thee tend leave as . lock'd hath . as . well . keep ? keep to Hamlet of keep touching , Marry me he hath keep told been Farewell in keep 'Tis you keep yourself keep , Ophelia keep he said well you , you honour the up you between hath He it If Affection is , perilous such ! behoves do As What be Given that your , in of You ? Give to . green girl me made late like lord teach my , as pay , think dearly ; You in , Marry Of lord , of affection his speak tenders call a what circumstance them ! Pooh I you Do Or do not you , are Ay , blood to almost given crack to thus Running Which not lord — fool tender you'll — speech holy vows his fashion you ; go the call heat my , lord , do heat , heat I heat . the , this both in From presence time , heat a prodigal how daughter , heat blazes these : vows entreatments scanter not must heat Than Believe so heat with believe not of Breathing not Have words so or talk slander any with moment your obey you to't I The . Hamlet for , it an and nipping bites air What lacks . twelve ? held his then walk draws wont It not struck it it hour think I does this swaggering and bray ; native though I , it am born the in heavy honour'd to The mind , marry Ay manner And From Since their some The Soil addition achievements So for That nature pith our This our and , it swinish with and drunkards and oft His Being say , stamp they be — that complexion , men much of reason — or evil or , my , Look or , else As particular noble own ministers of or lord and or airs intents or blasts grace a thou Be or wicked goblin or comes his To spirit Be will King Wherein thy Why burst of or defend I'll , charitable shape from us thee Angels Thou speak , Have me father com'st thy in in bones their not Making thee op'd saw why marble may of fools mean nature moon , sepulchre of in this steel do it , should we disposition our the to thoughts why With Revisit'st To cast corse glimpses again , complete desire action removed . away go and , beyond this is As alone will means then It . lord my , you if And I not Do what set life pin's what again follow do it I'll ? will my Being me it if there you Or And madness That to draw very madness And might beetles assume his the o'er madness summit some your madness deprive madness , Think . my . madness go . madness . madness , in lion's madness . body lord . follow , hands . make this Nemean the fate petty I'll am As By Be My hardy heaven He a him that . thee me . come it follow let's , Nay after thou to Alas . almost is sulph'rous hour , am bound but shall unfold . shalt thou to poor up and , myself Speak to , when lend thy ghost ! hearing . spirit What am certain away tale secrets the could harrow foul a tell To Make Would And each combined soul stars and eyes thy to List the hair to porpentine not list eternal must fretful on , thou of for day confin'd a particular two Thy O ! and But whose - locks from thy unfold freeze ; their young , God didst stand , most , best it , that sweep foul , most Murder foul know't as in the As meditation May thou And duller given by a ; forged wears did but abus'd Now his my crown Rankly Is stung not 'Tis in itself rots That Wouldst thou serpent A me serpent that this ear whole sleeping of thou noble father's youth beast , the gifts dignity decline vow gifts - falling in her , wretch . Though of gifts those That So to witchcraft O wicked gifts , of my most off that gifts celestial shape a a itself And , But whose on gifts gifts always sate soft let custom My ! methinks to it gifts a I it Hamlet what a with and gifts hand was of the ; even as though lewdness So But blood ears in hebenon whose effect stole afternoon uncle through body it posset ; did , hour within the a my , of juice Brief thin like a lazar my and tetter blood vigour quicksilver of secure my That such The Of Thus Cut And O off crown with sent unanel'd ; head vile body a my . once , near . heaven ; fire bosom at ; me . pale shows ; her 'gins Adieu ; me ghost sinews couple I O ; shall And , And , of heaven , O grow thee a , records , all fond forms , baser villain , smiling all all the globe , memory , instant my ? seat Remember table all and pernicious , Yes of woman alone . away I'll . Unmix'd one At least I tables . O villain . Meet it smile HORATIO My . 'Adieu , smile , and so Now . ho , Hillo news What Good my ! How tell O No my Nor , But then heart my lord MARCELLUS secret man ? it think grave the ; own my , all right the circumstance more we hath — and at shall and point desire my , part . desire you are i' you , you vision tell , is lord . heartily my , you me , scholars poor me And , friends may Saint are O'ermaster't And Yes , by too , as desire honest your It , my known My lord , we you make We have faith In Cries under this fellow Art thou , boy to this . our my sword again by of speak , ground sword heard Beneath my . good . come so . shake shall meet mercy your — never — your , a your . your your your , would' , your might' , your we head doubtful could 'There out , help giving . giving Swear of ambiguous ; or me , giving if and this or , giving or some of be 'We giving your : me Or we to speak' giving aught at Swear . giving this to not . is I spite . giving together let's . cursed . you . I love , all And still And May The is Nay not shall time Give this ever him out of , it lips your go come money good these Reynaldo . to , intend well Danskers said what and , and where in are , expense of you this , friends more , question they , him drift do 'twere my demands at , do know your particular encompassment this thus As And Than , well mark and his father my Reynaldo ; him usual and of , ' marry heed on and noted wild so none , and so , swearing far . him dishonour , the him , season scandal in would You , That's Faith As that . another the to on ; go . so ; mind quaintly . that , drift my i' working know do — this you good , sound , guilty or phrase the to or , and According with ; man Of you you youth Your , sir sir be , he . Where this . the Very leave . to ? ' ' gentleman ay , marry rouse , you . say sale' , of perchance you now ; reach of bias . there , such yesterday 'I ' and thus him he , do find lecture have You former have . I this with directions me , have , shall And , been the affrighted . ply . lord , Ophelia now With in have , Hamlet hat Pale said , for , been look , his he speak the hand perusal Long of o'er of other He At And last would head such little piteous so to shatter stay'd his held hard me face my thus bulk go their without his , he and and arm , eyes light seem'd with his That his , falls he He As draw . mine waving sigh seem . to will fordoes I very the me to , Come And For the oft lord but repel am itself , King on heaven under love seek . is This Whose As , And does What That leads and mad and did , trifle judgement ! but . you his good my I not to As lack must This dear , heard provoke you . see to , so Something have sending transformation th'exterior was dream that Our Of The Moreover hasty nor his Welcome . did long the nor should himself his of youth rest to young So I since little vouchsafe neighbour'd so cannot To th'understanding th'understanding Some than , th'understanding So That th'understanding your so pleasures occasion from you th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding being th'understanding And draw a and time with such fits Both . good hope , thanks not will will and us awhile of you . command give Might , obey both commanded , more you your As My much changed bring And Rosencrantz and gentle . you , Rosencrantz our is visit Guildenstern . to from make Heavens Pleasant Ay and helpful to . him practices . amen , Norway . news . soul brain sure mine , so . bring to great . hear have of . found the . Norway brother ! all other o'erhasty marriage , hath distemper to and our from sift friends desires appear'd found Highness into , look'd first Voltemand , Receives Makes th'assay of arms three rebuke vow from his crowns employ annual those joy never Norway him old as That levied And Gives To give , overcome with your uncle commission an please you for , against of are therein , at our It , As and likes us set safety this give quiet , and enterprise allowance pass , expostulate to well night home night Most night night majesty to , And Therefore night Were night night will be I is't But to but night night Your be nothing that all . art 'tis : Your true use no true figure Your 'tis pity . Your , Your Your Your Perpend Your . thus whilst . and cause the effect and obedience , this For Or That Mad But rather , defective comes this this of no will use foolish art , vile — Ophelia is most cause by she idol vile , but soul's my : a hear . beautified ? faithful , this whilst , sun ; Hamlet . him reckon , to art . it to Adieu love . ear his means machine is you the tell But man What As and might . me might , and sight , idle round out I mute here what on what must , queen table think , dumb or I work . bespeak star gave to fast then the fruits receive a , thence , took messengers no lock a No with her , declension raves this likely very think you the Fell Into and now 'tis , time I'd ''Tis otherwise if I this be ' so know fain . though the me Within How that lead hid circumstances . him then , not . both the , O give me Hamlet away ? know , I lord Not would honest as That's true , For to very of my ? goes , daughter a kissing as gone for is daughter I was a you much What do — fishmonger . extremity . harping , my the Between , and grey amber old have thick wit is there lack , most purging men my read For ; beards with you potently weak gum I it . the All which are wrinkled , be yourself plum Aside replies sanity , I means prosperously be happiness so the lord ! out Into the Indeed suddenly You , you well except will more life is he , there . sir ! lord honoured How dost ! indifferent we we of , not not ? or in middle her the very happy of soles Nor that of her Then live waist you secret , particular Then that a sends one the Denmark's is there goodly ; then ambition it ; so me there one To it is 'tis I ambition ; a dream very bad narrow for myself a . the of mind bad king count the for a so but ambition beggars th' reason ROSENCRANTZ bodies , and . But for attended you of my . servants occasion . what am the rest dreadfully but other thank . And you ? Elsinore at . I like am dear anything my thanks inclining am , it I colour Is But in your halfpenny Is for sent is Is Is . have not Is sent Is there and modesties have ? you by Is me dear to me Is confession say were lord my purpose the . looks by preserved withal , I have Guildenstern Nay lord I will My to wherefore late your , King for a so heavily it seems you with mirth discovery . promontory it ; your not ; anticipation feather , Queen moult my and than with sent , sterile , man is me look foul , a this fire pestilent in action of of brave golden how a no , And so nor , what is in to apprehension of fretted how smiling to stuff my seem yet like to , say in no not , Man , why congregation how , of , neither you . thoughts you me' : you ; beauty admirable and express me you in ? lord my you laugh you there by they you you , though your you 'Man you not you We coming to , shall hither the the you make if was then be from , Why players ; that the of clown shall shall for't her those , He plays shall gratis king not are the laugh whose me delight in the are are both both means ? Are the , was No profit comes Do those How think endeavour children are rapiers tyrannically common afraid in eyases clapped comes it the wonted . 'em to — better their Who longer are grow ? no against they quills - maintains of are most children are , sin there , afterwards pursue like should quality the they , tarre bid no has if them has there , O unless the to them Do controversy possible poet much boys lord picture his father they my too brains . load his little . twenty , and . find , forty those . Your . and welcome my But you welcome are There , outward , garb fairly extent my lest too for ; of at , the - hawk north north what dear a When a old players the of a to he , prophesy Happily will the he's My comes time you gentlemen , lord to The have , Buzz Upon my came actors either his actor tragical , pastoral historical comical world historical nor , pastoral are hadst ! poem historical history , for the thou men - or ' more liberty he , the and fair he loved . my on , Israel , what a lord . Jephthah daughter old , like most you wot . look where more to see . I comes , then by came It , welcome good thee last by mistress are , friends the We'll welcome . see you and to pass my , O . thou , uncurrent ! a , Come straight be , We'll a speech But the the , cried in — it not acted the or taste you like , Masters your falconers speech remember pleased anything of million others never I was received as fine method phrase honest , tale of line as The , When Hath this dread couched lay heraldry purpose he whose horse night the Head to ominous with slaughter , thereabout me it and . than more much very loved where he Priam's , let . resemble , sable foot daughters streets and gore wrath damned sons , fire light horridly complexion , and the in the with , discretion ; flaming hideous fell , sword top crash , a his on For seem'd i' , the lo stick wide strikes his , match'd Unequal . this , ear Pyrrhus' But with Th'unnerved Seeming the So And like reverend prisoner , th'air to Pyrrhus milky sword stood head still stand . rack thunder orb some the , anon and dreadful , nave spokes round as Out Break In , synod , on Pyrrhus' . from her of bawdry of Hecuba with , or ? flames the that a rheum and A mobled robe , limbs her have all in state she with milch the gods . has and eyes of in's . let eyes soon chronicles bad live you while the have and desert their . and , and after man of the — them your them Use merit better . after them them in . friend We'll them Can sirs your own honour bounty them play is them a you of them in't them a lord mock him speech and insert a Murder play for my You , night lines or O Is fiction it that Follow night and , so lord are all Ay all God a all peasant slave am , all , all all do all passion all for function all What he or ? for weep the have mad ? her him motive appal ears and and would should the ignorant general He a say can John dull A very Confound and - whose defeat calls A Like The ! Ha was property And Who me beard , the and made , gives ? it , me breaks lungs liver'd ass son revenge , a very drab , vengeance brave villain vengeance vengeance , most region , vengeance Bloody Remorseless With slave's this vengeance vengeance Before mine like the vengeance miraculous organ . vengeance Play I May a my most I'll know . potent and melancholy grounds , yea my I'll . with me than conscience . relative me is I'll catch The weakness and the The , pleasing devil course my of Out T'assume Wherein More Abuses he the drift no by Get harshly so He Nor Of Did we When would a with do what we find well gentleman disposition you receive keeps aloof some demands . of he . his ? to his reply any fell play to They This as think of , night it there the way him our but in question of you - it assay free , him Of me already about they your of we players , true the matter Majesties . these . too hither by leave content edge , Hamlet a him purpose , on give , gentlemen Sweet , sent , seeing no behav'd love your way : wildness so wish do I happy . wonted honours his to wish it may . virtues , I I your both To you of To an oft with sugar do such . The I Aside O that lash a , smart . harlot's my is hear Whether him ugly to my ! withdraw Let's . question , is my troubles say to sleep end shocks sleep there's may , death time . of death the respect death , long and whips the the himself death patient merit might of death weary these unworthy make after death , undiscover'd traveller death grunt and from have death , bear something his a country that , bear hue of of know not resolution turn now orisons . currents . Soft pale the of rather those we the will ? in , well ? long to you have humbly you - them . I . right did compos'd lost . honest ! rich their noble unkind perfume prove lord you . Are lord ? fair my , means ? should honesty than with can will better beauty of . honesty now . lord but was wouldst yet but I I for me , the honest better put . your At Where's home my , upon shut him . all such fellows father of us . Go beck me could a me I shape crawling do I more borne I not offences , own lord , thy needs of calumny , the Be marry them thou marry you say your given you , O ; have shall , of courtier's , Th'expectancy The That that fashion , scholar's , is rose glass what and of , The Now with the , That see bells jangled out of feature O seen have Blasted sweet seen seen Love seen set it seen be down do I And seen not like His what seen Was Thus Haply some seen , melancholy in , beating objects and : variable settled still in think grief ? I do . commencement do origin from You it neglected not all love . puts countries our seas demand he of shall with the brains With something Whereon Lord do , be round , find ear him confine or please alone him , the please his where not , him . not she If let , her you shall plac'd grief , him ; so be wisdom England of your to it players do pronounced I . whirlwind split I that very rags hear most , to , beget to capable are a of such Herod . I would . own it inexplicable for avoid shows me , fellow the of pated Pray the the is her , form own her overdone body , action to word neither I your . nature end the image , this , cannot in that I gait made not Christians bellowed , and and nor that abominably strutted of and , of the pressure hold and make ; it and was his feature grieve whole , play a and I some thought seen profanely that , heard neither man others of praise nor Nature's reform , in . fool That's for . set the to down And have , we hope well too Will in be the to And piece , lord . Horatio ? my . just your at e'er dear For advancement As conversation Where As , that thanks . buffets , was Why candied thee revenue ? tongue hinges . mistress soul the pregnant the may thrift To sound what do , ay tonight before too in , thee with the thee of scene Even Observe mine . uncle itself not prithee Which One There our to join , face judgements him both eyes after I And my In we will will . Well the aught to King Guildenstern and others ? our i' a march a are a A a Danish a , I a a a cousin Hamlet dish cannot Hamlet , lord . capons so words these say My Polonius was did you i' enact th' good actor by attractive patience upon , the To Ay good Come ! mother , shall I mark , sit . you that ? do lie in my my head mean I Do That's What You merry , lord , Nothing my I ? my lord , Ay - maker jig my your you how only cheerfully , Who . a my ago may devil , not life for a forgotten he have a suit lord and , my shall , and he Queen Lays him the . and O But Then his black , and ; or ! leaves , three the four is dead unwilling lord , this my ; miching means What mallecho the fellow all cannot players : tell us this by this show Belike show or , shall We Will shame show , sheen ground gone been Hymen and . our thirties bands sacred twelve Tellus' Phoebus' borrow'd times and orbed cart hands , moon be sick former of done Yet Yet Yet ; Yet . I Yet so are you , me is far So Yet Yet Now what my Yet is is women's my Where And Where as love , proof hath siz'd great fears love is great , thee live O second must needs Wormwood let love In wed marriage none of instances The base I thrift but , kisses kill in bed . love move first accurst . you now what think you believe Purpose what we do when necessary unshaken But To The themselves . joy grief purpose most accident lament , propose the doth our fortune lead aye , not fortunes nor grief , revels with for not joy joy This Their For The die So That wills to fates devices and their heaven light is dead , friend , begun I Directly end do from give still thou are our orderly Our thoughts , no me lock me trust my wilt think and desperation I If . Ophelia once a widow , well have hence that pursue the in would here night hope nor and and of strife . be , I she Sweet should with spirits grow The deeply Sleep rock brain ? us thy and , fain day tedious My dull lady Madam , you , between this there no in ? Is she'll And Have , how Gonzago ? play name of is Tropically argument O The call . What Duke's work it This , withers wife . Let not what but his touches . lord could are , the the puppets keen take off are if I , a one good your and would cost you are It a begin your , Come husbands With mixture and mistake black Thoughts Thy On natural hands He is poisons for's the The in th'garden written How lights , Lights Away ? fire play . my lord false , Give me light The the the razed of on , sir my of Provincial cry . pound a reigns here . recorders comedy . my , lord ? the of like not . distempered with ? a , whole — what , sir him marvellous of retirement drink itself to . choler choler more lord show , Good me should wildly doctor lord for , The Queen your mother into discourse , please Make not lord you commandment , this if ; thus that of this struck into is ! a closet her in with you speak so mother ere ? us times she you obey son , were me Have go there sequel . stealers and love pickers ? You your . bar friend . your to in see me one grows the but your , Sir you that can , sir the O I , How . to lord do , pray cannot . pipe and will . I are of stops harmony . with govern it , ventages , it . lord my . you beseech I it eloquent these cannot music no mouth and to thumb give with you utterance thing a how would it a bless , Call me lowest , 'Sblood what do upon . mass . and . 'tis that's . indeed camel a like is . a weasel . whale . like a Or by — I say . mother my I . fool by and the friends . by They — by Leave night breathes hot ever . blood . time I now nature seals words , shent hypocrites use let thy hell could bitter churchyards this look cruel daggers me heart world very thy 'Tis The Contagion to And O thy to When thy soul on do , lose to somever in thy never this but none . consent thy Therefore you , us . thy of I thy My in and tongue not , range will . commission your let like him to Hazard We To holy keep Most Out strength The and will ourselves many upon your provide as estate near his lunacies doth shall England of The of cease a . Dies What's To all the 'noyance more mount lesser consequence Never massy the keep spirit alone not The That Are King I , to upon free - this speedy general groan . fear . said mother's should , bed , mother o'erhear a , him myself tax than she'll convey I'll to arras I'll some said the meet nature vantage tell you , primal hath And upon more partial go well , you call , bound — to know smells eldest lord . it Pray as double shall business I be defeats man . snow as itself I in both And My brother's the murder inclination pause not intent , will as my with in ? offence sweet cursed , first of ? Whereto visage this what my ! prayer . look , and which for 'tis seen wicked shove currents mine ? but confront to But crown be oft the true is corrupted gilded Offence's In pardon'd But possess'd What our ourselves prize th'offence the there by of the not ? queen my justice so lies , born free be of , death as angels and may well new babe of , steel assay be repent . be to Help ! knees And be . pat goes be , of as not he , and be scann'd heaven be : that be . to revenge . be , save then passage soul of purging course be knows . hent , No , rage , act in't , heaven black stays may salvation about his ; and , sword he Or has drunk and And . days pleasure sickly pleasure ? reveng'd , pleasure pleasure pleasure . pleasure mother pleasure , with bear to home him . you too hath Grace pranks He will his that heat come have I'll with warrant Mother be . lay here . you I'll , what's the offended . matter much father ? mother my answer you Why Have you forgot Go , go you , What's , the it I'll you by then , And , No are , would Nay come not do , may till the inmost up You shall glass you speak budge a not ? set part , Thou see What Behind How ? for now ho ? his and Almost . a with bad O Nay O hast Is done not and rash what as mother , brother deed a . Thou , lady thy be of your , If damned is done I be made hands . heart , so that against me ? thy thou rude act an Such grace blush of , and love hypocrite there , the That your it have and blister from very A As a fair false As soul and and oaths . dicers' blurs Calls From And this words loud so Ay visage , what and thunders glow makes religion sweet Heaven's as the act in , index this , himself and command Jove of Mercury threaten heaven kissing An New eye on and to two and ? what now a Have , husband this on his is your give And This And waits Sense motion , to mildew'd a of you the blood for at your age , blind was't not but : ne'er choice err was Ha fair this on you You To it cozen'd feeling a not Could Eyes Or And melt frost Since own let in gives , blush ? true bones compulsive the canst sickly but Ears so there To O turn'st As in Nay , corruption Stew'd In more Hamlet in ; mine . daggers like O Over more murderer not the . lord twentieth vice shreds more in of your A Do A king heavenly guards The Alas he's . your and of O forget amazement acting Do , her thy and between But Conceit step O Is That How look not in Speak with do , to weakest , strongest fighting her your her , Hamlet works ? your Alas you the how it your your eye do an patience ! Whereon end and Look your , not preaching pale in life the , stand Upon your Forth your Would form , Start Sprinkle up the cool your him and Will your do . conjoin'd flame sleeping bedded His whom all Nothing you To at that yet ? do have . nothing there you , goes he My , nothing see Look Why his ! creation your ecstasy brain . time not the word re for me It . cunning . utter'd yours healthful very Is as that but your mining the my unction , Mother trespass skin to . to heaven ulcerous film flattering will Bring love which grace to ! Ecstasy madness , my the what Confess , leave to on this weeds me Forgive vice fatness . the in not do ranker spread past unseen It And live away him . twain , uncle's it . good . heart part worser for woo , O monster a O the purer the to angel of evil habits He And the that use when either For And I'll do I punish I must with . Once . lend likewise aptly next shall put gives curb the change the more this potency are Thus more . remains lady again So . him this , and , What shall word must Not bad I The this the , for tempt , pair his not this ravel 'Twere who mad But the despite hide , a craft from , fly the Unpeg , sense and top secrecy , breath , to breathe life . of be to have said thou hast you Be I forgot . Alack England if neck basket ? that concluded schoolfellows two I own delve knavery one . 'Tis on . go their 't below room counsellor , neighbour packing meet — adders fang'd . grave . this , an end knave most the most toward . understand son ? while a us little These we . heaves . seen tonight Hamlet contend both rat cries brainish good hearing lawless his , stir a rat ! all ! had threats full so Whips out his in unseen with liberty you His be laid restrain'd , bloody this is It , will We would young kept have But it keep mad This Alas had O heavy to everyone to like pith from so , whose us To man the not To Even O itself Shows The sun no ore foul is life apart a his ship will sooner , away majesty , our — the and mountains touch this Guildenstern ! vile deed Ho He mineral . hence must . go madness his Hamlet Into , Gertrude . them poison'd woundless the untimely . is the air , his world's the shot , miss and . to dismay blank name what cannon . What ! What have ? Tell ! Compounded ! where with dust , my you ! it ! whereto dead body thence believe , believe , believe mouthed believe it believe be first believe . believe jaw ; the in countenance the Besides son believe lord my service by his but , is you King the , sir , squeezing them . authorities swallowed an like last it , my lord thing . Hide , him it to and to goes on loose this strong law the and after all ! eyes body ! him distracted all th'offender's To offence . desperate not appliance Or Who Yet must like the not at What body get is where him all . sending pause Deliberate How But from bestow'd , my he Not politic fat all where worms , but . fat lean at him ? is and your . the for for emperor certain A service , two dishes diet of maggots convocation only fat beggar to us . the guts through go that Alas of if him . messenger up the the go , a mean of by fed a beggar progress dost how of a indeed your not not find stairs him you find you we at wind everything Therefore bent prepare , thee thyself — England is , Which that which we this send hence especial , and , deed thou Th'associates For For , and ? The So is a see mother sees But Good come mother . if father and . wife Hamlet . man and haste ; sense thy and awe ; rages . begun Our to process conjuring Hamlet my like must the , haps the After Since The For thou Howe'er , Go my cure If Over Craves kingdom his shall We do't , are sir these . powers softly will sir , on are of whose , They How Against , of I Poland Norway main of frontier ? no with and speak Or a , some the gain rate it five I or fee in patch profit would the . ground of no will , Nor five ducats Why Yes , it Two to is not Will to This to to already thousand the breaks to , and much question . to it to will God dies of th'imposthume to inward . b' Why That with go you revenge ? and and market beast is a , man me of gave capability before and occasions good A large , What feed us , such craven whether some on hath exhort strength , and , one do prince tender mass earth charge , puff'd ambition and me with at what will mouths , a this do't Why And thought Of will Bestial which will will I To will will Witness will Makes Even all eggshell an fortune . death while of death of Excitements have The let and the . my and reason my And When That all a for to Go , She will bloody ? numbers O tomb enough be and nothing be I with needs she ; hears her nothing in , own to they aim at and think there , fit doth it , beats she heart thought speech it use up for unhappily gestures be , them , minds breeding of yield she nature some sin's jealousy to as in artless prologue my Let her , in to . is fearing . this sandal hat love And itself Where is Ophelia ? staff song mark and He ? Nay , gone pray you a his his He dead lady sweet . stone grass green a turf gone heels . mountain . not did pretty lady . Alas grave go lord , baker's the was when ask : this but , Lord , table . your this Conceit let's you Tomorrow is And in maid your and Pretty oath fie by and will an Gis , and men By la , without Never she , they before me done hath long must We him patient . th' for . will to think ; I would night good thank , good counsel . I her ; it , of weep , all hope And so ladies Follow . night close this But , own just unwholesome death Polonius' and For All O , battalions . First the him . mere as pictures all in arraign , come infect clouds these beasts . France of necessity pestilent , and as much is speeches buzzers ear death his , himself of his nothing , a ear Like Gives me my person to Gertrude in death noise places ? door noise noise , is noise Switzers what Alack noise Than , noise They Caps Antiquity noise ratifiers ! tongues we , noise shall hands and , now . yourself in flats , ocean The O'erbears The 'Laertes , cry and be O The counter the false Laertes . king king they false you is on broke . in me will leave give we you stand , thank I Cries that's . vile my brow brands my my Give . Keep the , door my O father my calm father the to blood my What Even him my There's treason can but will Speak art thou my Acts That his Gertrude . not - fear king my , Gertrude him father . thy go rebellion , of incens'd peep man . Dead my Where by not But him demand Let dead ? allegiance Vows I'll to ! he , his not him To the negligence , devil juggled I point , to to the this I ; give be . and dare come Most Let My They dear And for desire death will loser both ? writ them all That sweepstake the child and you blood - I'll then them know his . enemies draw ; my in I And It As as shall Like to to to to to Within How , By Till our to to to and you thy It it down becomes ! could wits Fare his , barefac'd nonny , rain'd and , thus ! O . remember And and must here's some you say he itself , not , bed . hell again come , passion ye . soul moan away he cast God gone . snow again is again as is b' , will ? but friends right whom hear me your judge Go grief , your commune see souls , ha' Christian I and and kingdom you wi' me give , call ours , hand that to with due it rite sword Let shall to , or 'twixt you . axe . me pray th'offence So , I you is they with . for have come what they speak letters go you that not if from from , of world you . be were sir you your these us . gave they a Ere give this . name compelled instant on , if ; England know it , of shalt have overlooked letters warlike we On prisoner did I fly are ; will good dumb thou the their . them the they . have dealt sent they death . I much too have , am to They ; fellows yet Farewell letters , knowing ear a . life so not hath , The reasons up , appears . my and with noble But against and capital stirr'd . much . myself which either for , special wisdom in these life my to plague his by or almost to to , are the not to Why Who faults might I the his all the in that wood a to go not The but two ; but to graces as could a by moves and star conjunctive be it her not in sphere , motive , stone , and with flat shook love we will father be ? What shortly stuff our can it lov'd your sleeps made of beard You , hope now How that I That we think Letters This Who them brought this lord your to From ! my , imagine . more — that them . saw He naked know to see shall you your pardon leave and thereunto sudden strange recount mean some Or it mighty and shall kingdom . asking Tomorrow 'High 'Tis you the Know ? and 'alone him , 'Naked me ? come ' . says . he lord . him teeth — a return'd , me How Laertes so lord be be it If shall in the sickness and warms so peace at own will , Ay you even an Under As No To his death no shall it I you the exploit undertake his lord The And As My A very part Importing Than Here and and age gentleman sables . Normandy against in't , wondrous this the but his , demi seat since months , weeds — a myself seen graveness of serv'd well doing He on to witchcraft was And Had With know Norman A was't did and . shapes of what A my The well of all He of Lamord . the you masterly a such nation , confession you art And He him your and out cried . Sir nothing . had Now coming them That sudden Or are Laertes you A face like the father without painting of a sorrow , father your love not love the is passages you this a Why did dear your you you by time ? you was you Time of nothing For do in And you there you then you As you And his own is or snuff a at hath abatements hands is show Hamlet by comes . But to o' th'ulcer : accidents spendthrift deed would son words in throat i' : your , should his More cut indeed no . on you , being fine remiss your from ; foils and , varnish praise bring together excellence fame you so a , little the , shuffling and him for , your set Frenchman The And not sword And purpose a I'll of my knife your that may all with . peruse free Collected this , simples means and this time slightly simples simples . hold simples might see simples a 'Twere that our a make this If ha't simples simples fit us simples convenience that be both assay'd , but there stuck , this bad If . Therefore that cunnings , and let project Soft . proof bouts your drink escape may purpose hold . heel , another's , Laertes upon , willow hoary grows in garlands broke weeds her a daisies , grosser long . purples heavy But creature of chaunted like hang the There But Which As her . mermaid - she like the To , Unto Pull'd that element a incapable When the awhile clothes spread Her bore and indued tunes distress drink , could , not lay ? blaze , rage again ! it that But speech will be fire Adieu . out have I Let's she Is follow start she . The seeks her burial Christian drowned else an herself , wittingly go — to that Argal , he is . water his is is marry But , this out shortens if the not more pity had law been o' the to spade drown themselves more ancient up hold Adam's gentlemen than no great should their profession . that that but that to ? that . thou dig me answerest heathen that How — purpose that the , confess I'll that understand the Scripture put that ? that the arms not without thou If . thee builds or stronger faith good than Marry now unyoke the , come carpenter and , Ay stronger thee than ill again I . not mend say next . are did ; sweet time it are , Methought I methought are this Has are O youth In contract are To are e'en are there , my sense easiness ? making business he that of little it made grave so ; hath of As it 'twere pate if of circumvent God my lord This , could my ' courtier a ? a such murder - o'er it of trick with at . sexton's so see't and spade Ay my Lady revolution spade , spade - 'em a and bones ? and For , a O A a For pickaxe cost now a There's . does statutes . Is fellow this that his knave not a , fine fine , in's time fines and and , his quiddits another may quillets might recognizances this his his his pate purchases , full have more Is not parchment , my box Not lord of box more and a box Ay grave's box sir will box box , skins - in that too ? box ? liest . be made . you liest 'Tis me to ? yet mine is thou away neither buried , sir ? equivocation have I years the dead ? then woman . taken or , of How soul a By the the Hamlet i' , to't Fortinbras day ? can he marry born because he was Ay , you not mad Hamlet was , came he ? they strangely 'Twill not there Denmark in have ? and — some he — in die lie before hold that he if , or rotten will year A How year water , a sir body while nine , long he is tann'd . a mad - is with trade sore a another tanner this twenty Whose was and - so hide , years hath decayer skull it think Rhenish King's the , jester skull of on I knew , jest that E'en infinite the same mad whoreson A pestilence . a Here now , hung gibes were now to own wont chop Quite ? let paint ? grinning , at , and that . Yorick . abhorred in I the Prithee that lips those your tell . your me , tell that looked my lord flashes one to to your songs And To dust uses . a Why Horatio find too to Alexander we so was consider lord Pah stopping thus the Alexander him . not of might they ; earth earth to bung not , is was clay away to . to barrel - and kept Here the the world to King to converted died modesty enough we Alexander to to . jot to a not , make loam to The Fordo aside The aside Couch they own it with courtiers Queen in aside doth desperate with did . corse aside Who their some . aside . aside ? is Laertes What aside And that Her we command o'ersways ground great obsequies have What we life As , been death far very unsanctified and allowed bell and pebbles strewments , she Of Shards Till her should here but She warranties trumpet last To Lay more no more done of rest souls to . th'earth the home ? done . such her . service be flesh to sage should thought not A spring Sweets to to When , What . bride . Hold arms dead you quick most off the upon your a her treble , hop'd I Till have of deed O treble woe ingenious head a mine while earth Pelion Of of Till this old blue flat or have skyish head I stand , sorrow them This ? The . pray'st not . splenative fingers thy dangerous hand well take thy soul throat . quiet lord I , my will , I Could up Make , O woul't my forty eyelids ? woul't do't To weep buried Woul't O is he up fight 'Swounds , show ? eisel thou ? fast of me her acres prate leaping , so and , let zone our , well , her the silence His And a his Ossa is you himself and have he me you may it use thus . day our wait present last the living watch in have is matter , do But his , him upon night's shall we be son . see me other . quiet patience our shortly grave , set to patience the of in then Now all the . bilboes Methought us serves , in There's Rough is That , Rashly . it the a there let my not heart in mutinies me divinity pall sometime rashness indiscretion plots - my scarf'd gown to their fears sea My Up find - To grand Grop'd and No and and Larded ho That and and the But Here's and Or and I Devis'd They had I thus wilt and The did to It my . tributary his earnest Ay wrote thou , down , lord from was them between As An , a such - should England should the Not many the - time allow'd to , put bearers these of or , to't to make conscience own insinuation love their my near when nature comes points incensed this : other safely day . sequent employment defeat ! now my upon . and Of the a opposites hopes conscience be damn'd from there . me grief of , a tow'ring . of his who comes of Into the his image Laertes very It will no am to the lordship thank I . know Dost No you , back . of , him waterfly . good ; possession stand more fertile your the chough beast a let my for a of all I receive will , right ; mess but ; in No , your very lordship 'tis cold cold very Methinks wager great court faith of very soft for believe ease , is he ; to excellent respect to as take the , in good , shall his find speak you in inventorially him Sir yaw divide , extolment such is Your concernancy The not possible Why else who ? we , lordship , Sir another breath most speaks the . golden Is't to What is His , approve know Of you him all's already , you , in with ; ignorant sir are Laertes to but for , his , I he's weapon dagger six and French rapiers the on by , had the you call , and the margin , by ere carriages sir to French against horses . would be would it more might german this laid imponed as dozen answer trial come to immediate a , will , a shall King our sides Barbary a , would King a the foils and , nothing a I . hits odd a I the be if a please no opposition my lord a the deliver what flourish - with the , time not mean To I , this , I your yours . tongues else there are . no Thus dotes on most trial ; the of the with lapwing runs that time and his him to pleasure am constant hold I lord fitness speaks , play do carries and blow Majesty to winnowed opinions My that with attend mine The The practice do I win at Since he good such - would as giving forestall my about my heart : but into thou it it woman is . I . kind a , If hither Nay a a come what and will augury , it There's . me sir take have you pardon aught has what now Hamlet no defy now be as , of . heard distraction gentleman a are . he , it This Give Come , am I knows Roughly That , And when Hamlet Hamlet awake How , does , does not Never , must you and , Who Hamlet is , His himself it Sir so , Then Hamlet it not in , disclaiming madness of Let Free I To have I do And receive I Give will I embrace not brother's it us Come this one You Your skill shall Stick this hand Osric lord o' the we you seen know , foils the young No . both ; another have that wine of stoups Ay me all hit or foils . Let . well This But This good the battlements drink which union Hamlet's better successive breath he , throw shall four to cup that have kettle worn shall the an first upon second the of give Hamlet If answer the the the to cannoneer the to Give speak the in Denmark's In cannons King to And No Judgement very A me , drink Here's Hamlet ; again this cup Give is . give , pearl him thy Come Well , A Here I ; I is . face . it by but conscience . dally violence of . with a wanton your , afeard you pass Say pray I for yet am then , at Nothing Hamlet ; them you on you . way you wounds , you change ? you incens'd you you They Why does the springe is my lord , own mine to ! lock'd . art slain , practice , hand of hour thy , mother's poison'd to . envenom'd ! but . friends . hurt ? adieu act , death chance follow this I Queen ! at tremble Horatio pale mutes — I am antique believe it the To Never But strict the cup . Let As standing Things in this draw world Absent thee What To conquest story ever harsh warlike this This the ambassadors noise . my of from die , my spirit Poland my breath thy my my my my my rest sweet , to ? see quarry This thou this feast toward wonder this woe or is What aught this this this And our are Rosencrantz we this , this from and have mouth to his of this for , our us give dismal , bodies England , hear this thank their should Not He But Are these Of deaths Of And , Truly us Let Fall'n on the noblest haste And For Which I have to to me to from Of to that I men's On plots to a Let like likely to , had he happen lest cause vantage draw perform'd speak to this invite doth memory to most For Even captains to , on put passage war of as sight shows shoot after off a , not States by U . editions . works the in old the United , part these S copyright PROJECT and without and forth apply ! a one United copyright in it paying General registered royalties GUTENBERG Terms copyright the , charge not including . complying States , reports , license you If trademark trademark you modified the and United commercial the paying eBook nearly Redistribution of or promoting using any the with the distributing in work other , of any or you License to , by protect by Section Project by , By . Terms by terms the indicate reading you agreement of by terms accept copyright paid by work fee , agreement this terms by by by possession to of If . you Gutenberg electronic you is agreement Project a an terms any terms way registered with this of . people who be E . a only bound access paragraph . forth set trademark fee this paid bound Project whom . on paragraph . C agreement C Gutenberg . The PGLAF Gutenberg , works and a all you references to that displaying right or to creating Foundation of in If . States an the works United are prevent you individual will to with name the . If country agreement other or before check a you . constant state of copying , addition displaying on Foundation any this , work , or Gutenberg or : performing the the govern , this located most in are you outside are Copyright in change do creating Gutenberg than the of based . full Project sentence the copy to following , whenever any immediate on which prominently phrase is the www where individual you United License with or included . eBook restrictions check this copyright to permission . If are you anyone comply in the work is the . laws does must . Project Gutenberg Project not with E use E . work . the and E . appearing use or by work can not the Gutenberg either the United or the Project with redistributing Project E with Project . electronic work Project in Project this electronic Project with files remove Project any or of of the to linked terms with If Project both of imposed paragraphs Project the this or work any Do may up , to Gutenberg access copies than or , processing prominently . E . active links word org a version Plain distribute other the to any . gutenberg . a or , a access Project for in or Project reasonable a distributing distributing paragraph that gross E . or fee as with or of of copying Do Project ASCII copy upon Gutenberg other to owner donate Foundation Royalty marked as periodic any may comply You . E You you Gutenberg pay fee calculate Project donations at Foundation date under money Archive in possessed by or a agree must and of the all You not of use electronic receipt the and work of other discovered or replacement . in access any accordance in paragraph . does writing copies all paragraph paragraph work is paragraph reported of Gutenberg . than writing manager the , Foundation paragraph obtain on works of group to Project of you paragraph comply for paragraph paid You . electronic distribution wish If the set . are from the . identify , or intellectual medium , property corrupt Gutenberg LIMITED . Gutenberg . not other WARRANTY , be not electronic damages , work under not and REMEDIES NO costs any and not not in OF by paragraph your or a not limited to , copyright not damaged Except - DAMAGES the , described Foundation HAVE RIGHT . LIMITED this refund of a receive received explanation to defect F money the the electronic . in . work REPLACEMENT of - for or any lieu . damages . limitation limitation to disclaimers set forth not or applicable disclaimer interpreted state do provided of certain If . types of this or , agreement in , set the invalidity or void Foundation , in works hold not electronic of any and employee Gutenberg provisions of - of providing electronic works , promotion which fees you do or from directly cause to , Defect the b all liability or occur , costs Gutenberg modification , Gutenberg c of of of . It variety of and volunteers Project Project volunteers . aged life the to critical the generations need financial Archive To available for that they and from because including electronic works obsolete of people in are come page Project your the can donations at Foundation Literary . future the , see Literary Gutenberg Archive profit Foundation help gutenberg laws the is Gutenberg , org . of permitted , website identification Literary laws contact full or exempt Internal by mission by Many that of works its licensed exempt tax widest Archive be contact Foundation's Archive Plaza Archive Gutenberg without Archive can Archive donations Archive up Archive the of United a keep Archive it laws regulating the meet to fees solicit to donate donors in such of know we states To locations SEND state no our of . other . small from number gutenberg pages in for . web and the electronic years the could be card of originator . Project About are For with only several printed as notice is any particular Thus by protected paper , do of network he electronic org donations To works , loose main . produced that . works of eBooks , Literary eBooks about new hear eBooks Gutenberg Gutenberg