, Stand . Nay the hour Stand your carefully Stand come upon live Stand relief twelve Stand Stand . stirring good night heart 'Tis . guard mouse a Not you , watch meet I hear them Marcellus ! is Who Stand ground the Dane . night good soldier Barnardo , Holla A piece of ? there Horatio is . Welcome appear'd seen nothing . Marcellus good take , seen . thing our entreated have I the belief minutes again twice but us night come this him I have 'tis dreaded watch this With And Therefore us may He That What we so us let two are And fortified us Well sit Barnardo hear same star that's , t'illume westward speak of , we his it ; it ? then bell The now night Last course burns thee Where When Had yond , Peace In Thou a like It harrows King with . Horatio Mark be spoke Question it usurp'st that sometimes What art Did Horatio , the it speak , of fair that thou march See gone will and , offended is It speak 'Tis ! Stay now tremble on't , to like sensible You something and fantasy . pale this had ; parle on ice . King ? jump at martial He When he and stalk , gone to of the Such As thou he was once sledded by I work and thought hath With Thus But This in In what twice before he know opinion ; Good Why Does such And Who night joint - I but whisper the , least Whose can inform ? appear'd emulate of so goes by Fortinbras most our heraldry and , all to , seiz'd with Well the his by Fortinbras this forfeit Was been by our ; the And His the ; in combat to slay so this side of ; the which article sir hot , here design'd , competent conqueror had his those cov'nant , of as Now skirts list of mettle . he fell , Had , to Of , As , it to father of compulsatory well recover doth and , think was and this Of The his watch Well terms But So watch lost watch watch watch watch heaven to preceding like almost with stars Did whose As Upon But And As the harbingers prologue still the , demonstrated comes , illusion ! to . me thing use me or , to grace , fate avoid , death earth oft walk life ! of thy ! in O privy , my with ! stand here 'Tis ! crew ! so show malicious the , trumpet to - at I like , being , do it is vain wrong 'Tis gone mockery . herein of truth earth hies guilty heard warning ; celebrated or , And fire day lofty that a it our Saviour's probation long strike charm fairy And of ; and his , time russet . believe ; it part and upon tonight duty ? clad mantle eastward . morning know , life have we what young This spirit Do in needful I we To To Therefore Together with our jointress 'twere and sister sometime with , this with and ; nor , weighing wife , Th'imperial With In equal scale have all . dole barr'd we have our freely and with which know supposal you worth death , brother's frame advantage with message , thanks of , law lands him we time have much of : here Fortinbras So , for , scope . we , and Of that , all : Laertes your articles heartily VOLTEMAND things let dilated the Giving you with bearers good of ; For and Farewell doubt show our . native Denmark , France father , Laertes beg thy the to Laertes ? mouth heart asking , not not of reason to What my of to wouldst , instrumental my to must I thoughts And That Than The To now bow them father's leave , wrung lord your to Have He duty came to toward leave laboursome his do thy hour , petition Laertes your will beseech Upon . fair thy at seal'd ; me from slow at and give him my spend , Aside best now Take my that than the more much colour on thee with . I be not , seems common . black eye good mother , visage breath , solemn ; the , of seem might , of river forc'd grief , truly These man passeth . of show play shows the , your nature suits woe , which a Hamlet ; lost to your ; indeed within and father , and the , survivor duties your , mourning to term bound father persevere , grief course some father unmanly 'Tis . his a is But incorrect sense to and ; impatient thing , heaven , mind nature a vulgar most heart shows unfortified know the any An should ? against to simple understanding be we , in Fie , fault the most dead fault a father ; that going is you father bears of love of you pray and the you you take son intent , our go you . to , you son of you to not eye . you you . and you Hamlet , reply , of Hamlet , tell again , melt would flesh a into had Everlasting itself not resolve too shall shall accord Denmark heaven earthly health that thunder . Come bruit of world and uses ! O fix'd dew and ! nature garden in this : O . two gross to to much come , married she father's were grown Heaven that not nay not face I fed on , of earth on ! winds a satyr too Why — little A O By remember if think not what it ere my eyes tears my of that — those yet and or poor shoes name a , woman — she reason uncle nor — such With — more unrighteous like — father ! sheets incestuous wicked her for . Within must hold to well : same for , good ! lordship for cannot for for for for sir . even see what make change that my your Sir from ? would hear not you shall make yourself To A you in my disposition truant I Against We'll not it was mock fellow - follow'd see to came to think I my I furnish , it ! The funeral I dearest Horatio forth seen father Or , Where I mind's In my him . that methinks day foe in Horatio . him ? Saw My was I , a , look think The the , father ! figure me gentlemen while a for , gentlemen - whilst act , solemn your night , walk'd me , fear they ; fear , them their Within dumb and and surprised he , to , time watch , kept both good true and him third night they impart word each as , Goes Almost speak to secrecy pie , not with length by . did yet crew cock it to But And But lifted motion it none once away , in true ; me duty 'tis our . troubles ? Both Arm'd top lord . this but of you know ? face . to not O yes Then What look'd my you , he wore his frowningly ? anger he in very pale . eyes . you constantly . had would constantly fix'd constantly have , like Very constantly While constantly . might and I when constantly constantly , moderate Stay'd long . hundred saw't . longer BARNARDO grizzled seen ; again father's . 'twill silver'd . walk watch it no gape , still your hap silence you , noble . conceal'd peace my to me If it be an your loves you Your your arms play spirit father's foul I will Give Let platform visit 'twixt duty ! would : you to : in some the them foul farewell . rise And earth sister is assistant me still sit all violet a For it not the and , Hamlet Hold The in permanent fashion No thews Grows wide nature No more nature , primy sweet suppliance but so and no does no now His virtue The He greatness weigh'd subject the Perhaps bulk And of his soil nor but withal will inward The for For It Than give he your voice yielding be says songs , enough to prodigal his what lose Then , rear danger of in you goes is and act . further no open strokes beauty unmask canker before her their moon . sister spring , of dew most , of are and oft Too to itself rebels though none else libertine treads . comes . leave double , the Occasion A too long a your sail shoulder . a second grace , with for act means Yet I Laertes sits are The Look Nor any unproportion'd thought no vulgar my blessing of aboard Aboard Beware . may ; may , may in may . judgement : may may gaudy man and station in husbandry be the man . true ; servants said thee , tend said , go said do time invites have yourself said you , So is't said in shall key said the Farewell said of you ? said to the been — caution as of behoves do way in it of your , not you my it You hath Of Do you Affection his in ! such know not teach these you , are — not That , You me like a my sterling you'll lord , I yourself more poor you'll think yourself of Tender crack hath you'll fashion importun'd honourable wind you'll you'll may you'll love you'll lord . you'll , both in , daughter know the making time , this , your . scanter your of a , Lord rate , Ophelia , show brokers young is he are with the your lord talk beguile sanctified any obey shall I charge you is air . of is my come ; heard I think it struck draws . to lord ? Rhenish , thus of draughts his custom ? pledge It . this the and held does swaggering , his mean , drains and trumpet - of wake triumph tonight and it a And drum The honour'd This is the of , marrow oft pith clepe to Is born cannot it , chances though and addition ; and indeed . and wherein their some though The though As From us for That though The though So birth of though , though though guilty of that of — complexion some ; o'erleavens grace doubt a take may man be livery , infinite as As Shall all — else will I and Angels Let thy saw again the again glimpses to horridly dead op'd corse What ponderous thee why hearsed , call but death , tell the sepulchre in . in burst bones cerements up his their Hath and of the moon of we it should souls did with action desire we Wherefore ? you it alone . ground what you away a if you do , not follow it . to do itself that , flood . what , my will by No means the fear . sea of the a not , Do Why set not lord desperation of fathoms beneath to every brain sea . it Think other , motive more Without very place assume some horrible madness many so puts it looks It And Go on , follow thee your . lord . your not shall your You your off your ; you your fate your the Unhand of , I'll that gentlemen lets thee . obey him come Denmark ? it him Mark is up and Alas not me Speak Must So art Doom'd And for I thy am certain crimes foul a father's in walk fast my house , forbid nature of days , spheres , hair hair hair foul hair Revenge didst O hair best the ! in wings hair love . of revenge thoughts the or meditation May to know't thou . unnatural is it and , thee to sweep I , shouldst itself find in thou That And be ease . that ; Now sleeping , beast traitorous his with ! soul . thy crown his prophetic uncle adulterate gifts dignity vow mov'd , the power a ; link'd heaven will to a ; even hand with were as marriage a a in methinks be always prey custom a of in a a on Sleeping . secure the leperous porches a distilment of cursed my Upon My juice The natural with a and vigour blood with sudden wholesome most like with bark'd it , man effect whose , an That , blood like instant and thin - curd And , vile about loathsome hand brother's once unanel'd to head ; my at blossoms but horrible imperfections , disappointed , made all reckoning No O If ; Let couch for nature royal the in bed ; pursu'st nor this damned in ; and ; let leave mind mother aught thou ; thorns ; thy to - glow ; The ; 'gins And adieu , fie , What my , seat , old ? pressures there copied my memory records ! be and , I Now . and have , are in word Denmark villain ! ' lord ! my , bird ho , lord ? noble lord my tell my my it . my ! my man ? my . once of , my be I Nor No , my , my say But MARCELLUS an he's But ghost villain by needs Why And Look is it There no right , without my at we fit so hold I business man ; but , These are Such , O'ermaster't as , are , know ghost desire you friends poor now Patrick , too offence much by , And It , For is Yes , Give is't you , In , my lord in I , already . stage sword . Swear . indeed sworn have my We sword the upon thou cellarage have speak this Swear on to Never , Indeed thou . fellow in the swear Art there . my Swear heard sword our . wondrous fast . th'earth i' . come mercy , on some 'We phrase head me disposition you . But so help meet , shall doubtful — Horatio it before things in your soe'er To As How an or you With Than Here arms perchance times , pronouncing 'There : me aught grace That encumber'd know' such we , thus such seeing never , need . at and if we . together in . pray right . born joint . and a love lack out your still willing do poor commend . fingers t'express what my all With so his your . man as shall Nay him Give do visit his Of make good Look sir , in Paris and are , Danskers where ; what what very , it ; question you intend did well . said , encompassment particular him' thus you this my this and , at do , drift . and it him , well say very ; 'not there and him so of rank ? that he's on none ; he and so if't But , may put wild ; so him As sir As and noted , I but Ay But To drinking , wanton , wild most slips ; known . that season would , you may put not is to the taints of breathe no You That's my you I good But my And Marry I thing a believe Wherefore , my fetch of soil'd sullies do , sir it you , prenominate would my i' guilty in or . the phrase or you breathe to , good and the so of ; 'friend this in seen with youth or ' He According closes And does , sir then Of say He say say — What about say say closes say 'closes 'friend At or in the with , then was falling saw There him falsehood and find lecture assays this forth . of perchance sale' carp so a of out me . music And let him lord , his wi' my in , lord Observe I shall ply his yourself lord my the matter what With , been , God , affrighted ? do I of in me each ankle , fear it loosed knocking knees his he of To if had not goes he And What the the other to length held thus of my face so down and bulk , go eyes help . over turn'd me his , without way over over all done their over his lets profound he over over . over King , denied and me access ; him given repel lord but as letters made . him he heed and . mad fear'd I That did my beshrew But as ourselves common in for we to age sort , King . move . Rosencrantz hate being close , Come , go to Guildenstern much we that , you , inward call him rest by and thus , should here him up in your may companies him remedy , glean afflicts within much there men If it gentry and us with will , freely service our , both We To Than to at majesties fits the shall Your Both your have remembrance you of us , practices is Hamlet to , amen our And Heavens make My And I do to it As The very hath Hunts Both I O shall me source grace to sweet , and no all , do the marriage . him our friends . but of father's death sift ? to out brother desires appear'd found and sends ; whereat griev'd impotence , joy your never in more , soldiers those fee the further Polack shown his : give his you safety his of dominions please such your therein his set for to this his and enterprise his , entreaty As regards are us well ; down this well ended we'll - welcome and is to duty expostulate , together is time , wit flourishes of and day is . mad ? all art no And use . will then I : true I no cause the and daughter in a say this effect us it , out , most phrase ; idol you have but vile soul's and Now have 'beautified' , have a the have surmise have , be have fire liar a I love have . best most my his daughter solicitings means show'd machine not believe is me ; to to it , mine , given to his love ? me the might of fain Or When I had I my If Or What Or a Into the wherein wail we And Which And must 'Lord This , the short to make fast , that , if know this . I it centre were will it the he walks four hours ? together daughter . further . him her loose time And Mark the such I . an leave . lord - give Hamlet away reading poor comes mercy . a my fishmonger a are You . man lord my , to be That's breed sun if her say may sun , but . daughter He . extremity you harping Friend . have a a , carrion Have you not me this . I'll i' by daughter at Aside said he in Words again I my . youth . suffered much read my on . is Between the . words , matter . words . grey . amber wit , and you . old of thus a crab set down — his and of leave and I How . hits which , my will more except . and . my there . These the seek You My friends . lads Good ! indifferent in Fortune's we we that soles cap Neither Nor her waist , privates her , Fortune O the , is , But have your news lord , she my that , a Prison goodly one ; in near to lord not good sends you ; not none then then Why God , infinite Which , could I , is A dream I , ambition hold . our Shall shadows We'll ROSENCRANTZ not the that ? friends dear I your own , it justly you my of honest poor too ? come say , Come we looks the your know I confession But . Is with me ; have you is our could rights sent , love If . your all of I feather mirth forgone me ? an I and ; goes the indeed King the and , appears angel in piece goes but goodly this canopy roof goes than fretted other no in goes like quintessence the in . how how goes moving me so lost not , goes heavily goes And to me a And a What And world , And of And an And And of He shall and wont to delight in ; have and way on the , offer to , adventurous shall clown the Even Do , city the late by comes the same estimation did so they they ? How endeavour children their did did it keeps did comes indeed Do did most rapiers they afraid are aerie they afterwards did are are little , the make if , their them berattle in , has tarre to the on exclaim much went a the as they are sing succession do Will their ; and them — while it players , wrong cuffs money not escoted of can they themselves no are controversy do against grow been them has Is't question unless been player There for for my Hercules ? brains both to not in load , boys , uncle is there fifty the philosophy , would . Let . and . apiece There to players . out in is , you are King while ; mouths a , are In lord - which me , appurtenance garb north - a When . this handsaw the wind . fairly but hands Your the appear aunt , players and - and what yours you than dear from with out at , you be , second . is . hawk to and Guildenstern prophesy will have . so . an You . indeed Roscius hither are The to , sir comes , see there come not tell I Monday Happily lord to for actors Buzz come his buzz , actor Rome in . actor Upon tragedy ass . my lord on my — individable too are a lord hadst for poem historical history - the comedy or , light men , what my my Am call me you As lot , you show will as , first by Why my ? wot abridgement masters welcome O to is in friend . comes you , pass and the , my beard me old I am Thy ? heaven , glad see your a others million if of at us ring Pray . lord I top of received pleased , and , down with in as modesty an not , but was in set sallets phrase , in might it , was it , no slaughter me , it were , the to much I honest were than with Pyrrhus were in indite lines as method . were were : thereabout it fine to were begins black . horridly trick'd foot smear'd , it — let and . the the total impasted a it lend and That it blood mothers daughters streets and it hellish seeks grandsire carbuncles Priam proceed it , o'ersized , it discretion good with good and his strikes senseless Ilium Greeks his to command lies His to lo his sword , below stand some . nothing the as a we heavens winds speechless bold rend hush death ; new , eterne fall you ; sword Pyrrhus' the against will , after a Cyclops' forg'd than falls , Fortune her her , fellies strumpet away ! thou spokes bowl As the to round Now on take gods of — upon . flames robe a head that up in , bisson her in A clout loins — pronounc'd made in's tears all make did see limbs eyes burning , has of in not you players And turn'd thee the see I'll he they will After your ; used the the out well bestowed the milch his sword she this them use better , man , My passion has . death brief bad live you according to every . Come merit is your Use I were you in your Murder The play sirs own tomorrow of Gonzago . could . of ? a insert study him lord look you mock leave Elsinore I'll . slave well To Follow . so God a in Could But Ay Is . till Very night her working monstrous fiction from A voice his in or his distraction all force and his his player Now peasant ye b' rogue it broken a , his soul her He weep should Had I That With That Like A dull And , unpregnant , gives my I dear life a ? throat face ? king gives ? gives i' gall ! kites villain this it me gives and or , Bloody Oh , vengeance ! bawdy gives drab , heard I upon't , revenge a A gives Why oppression am I Have , Prompted to my ! like Fie brain to by scullion ! my ! most They - I ! dear presently the of it though With About guilty cunning a words such , have blench ; that scene father , thing with the devil seen , melancholy my . I'll murder yea and potent . that If his but me grounds the play's The me circumstance confusion quiet me ? on dangerous puts by With me does Grating me so confess cause But me turbulent Get from what When with bring him crafty madness state true well gentleman confession his but , of of a much free his Most Did there of They . Of of court like disposition question our ? him they are him out it Niggard we order your ; true night I , entreat see This 'Tis already kind the joy told way Did did To so o'er We all To it think play Majesties content much heart To With And For And gather by have We my lord . judge frankly Ophelia , unseen espials no , happy I shall again hope wonted honours do , ourselves encounter lawful is , way . his as , th'affliction thus I Hamlet's bring To , your , cause . exercise may Read so Ophelia blame devotion's much That : to your him both such — ourselves — We are oft o'er give art visage please colour in , book , you , lord . it ! conscience helps that painted word most burden deed heavy question that Let's to to more my cheek ugly my is him hear be 'tis not , slings by sleep , to perchance - of shuffled That Must When For we have calamity pause . off to death whips love office , the delay contumely long this 'tis : to and the thousand a , what — and proud the spurns make , law's under under , under under under , bourn under have , awry you in Nymph enterprises this the And your does , longed thank honour you I I remembrances well many day deliver them re , yours - of . receive well , lost , did compos'd breath aught prove noble perfume . mind unkind their . honest ? means be What honest Could That you and for a . lord was the force of but now sooner you once believe me not you inoculate . our old gives time I ? breeder more was the for virtue things I have earth , shape them give as . the ! ways , time or between . us crawling I do of wilt make . marry father my that sweet shalt thou quickly enough go : pure and heavenly to chaste thou him thee snow powers paintings heard give . a , marriages more no to have for , go well ; creatures shall live a nunnery , Those shall will . soldier's courtier's and of glass The The Go you make God's on't keep scholar's fashion , I And have , I'll no . and ladies rest honey noble bells Like noble jangled form Blasted O , what , rose and ecstasy I Th'expectancy observers out and all . affections spake he what the seen madness which O'er Now see that do . be That unmatch'd have melancholy danger I T'have the , in the For though he With Nor Love ? His , Whereon Was like his and brains of From do objects still do shall It Thus This well himself settled seas the origin Haply need it if To his You all hold it , the play ? it of , unwatch'd . think him best ; many . as , you mouth shall be . go . I acquire to me to and , who Termagant your with action discretion nature both at the nature age very but image 'twere as her . the mirror the your this , end whose , pressure playing the the . special allowance , O . others theatre pagan of journeymen , of it is the from was now virtue the off a profanely seen show , his time the whole that having praise the and unskilful make the censure , reform'd . the humanity so men bellowed that . the us with the not nor that I speak the it have the gait them no made , to then the you King is than themselves , though the the be considered too And down to it altogether them some , villainous meantime , to Will Queen too that make players now the two you Bid Will the to GUILDENSTERN ? a man and We conversation as withal ! ho , your e'en cop'd just . hear ? flatter'd , hope thy good thee ; be , election - man , heart mingled are suffers blessed that wear death circumstance King this of heart Give for And co ; soul guilt ; note , join . is must . playing theft , face judgements to are him our that as both , his . idle . Polonius air and others Hamlet . feed Hamlet : of . eat not are play'd the , i' . once you actor you Capitol sit patience ? stay your you capital ; lord they Hamlet , hither you enact I you To kill you part , a was here's , upon here's in your . head here's , No your lord lap you here's country here's here's legs matters lie my lord between is . nothing my fair What are Who maker how jig merry , Nay - 'tis two outlive months and my , two looks , twice may horse whose , his , only let he , Nay O there's Enter with and kneels King a hobby on by'r . lady a die ; is black or ! forgot is , memory ago man's of horse hobby and his of , Queen - build him declines exits of takes . of makes kisses returns Queen with gifts . some of her The the of this What action his The She means miching is this this by this shall , fellow the this Be they'll . the ? cart hath . round orbed borrow'd Hymen bands did and so are from Yet lord , it holds though quantity , know fear shortly do leave fair haply one to breast ! wormwood , kill'd be me let second Wormwood but be needs confound who second husband none marriage . thrift the that Are To now When husband kisses now oft , determine but we What Which Most propose , debt the doth nor enemies that purpose passion is grief ourselves or we themselves in with enactures ending the 'tis our ; on with us yet fortune man And in Directly who wills to and so where fates a him hollow fortune his friends love question , tend doth on or else fortune try enemy . run I contrary , begun ends end do of night . scope , light , hope and be my day is , destroy it and face pursue hence blanks well me my in have widow she would If . ever should Sweet spirits . it . much you how , Madam The lady too this brain thy us play word in't th' world offence jest Duke's : do , poison ; methinks , there play . call piece , it name good a that . wince have 'tis we and You gall'd one interpret I between , your my could is are This Still cost you to , and love you are could lord Come Hecate's and Thoughts , black faces drugs drugs written and drugs extant , drugs murderer the drugs th'garden for's gets drugs poisons The in very the King with my the light some Give lord Away . All . How Give lights me , let the o'er . the rest sleep some . Provincial players roses away must go deer play , two a , realm himself thou For A , Horatio one one one A Jove Of one Damon here . pajock rhymed ? lord the of , my poisoning one note , Come him . music king one like not the not , Ah ha For then , belike Come , Sir The whole , King , retirement rather drink sir Is to perhaps choler ; my show No itself into me should to for put more his choler , frame sir marvellous , with The am mother Queen ; please good my me courtesy in , your , your pardon I my business cannot my diseased , you , my say amazement such , you , My matter command What ; or rather Sir , O Therefore can you Make wholesome you , shall wit's admiration can with our us lord My She son she thus Then says a this ! mother in times ? and further you . Have . her with ten stealers mother did once me ? You friend . advancement cause by — To would of the grass . as too that . you my , duty my recover lord , to my recorders O the the wind me be I pray Will pipe ? the not though little the would of harmony . would You out the top to in , you you . me will speak of shape you . play instrument speak , presently camel speak . camel 'tis like a Or speak backed It speak will by mother speak Very I They by will speak so to I is by 'Tis look quake to such world the , Now business not Would and this And O When Nero her nature blood of . now to heart Let speak on The seals words soul to , not unnatural use . prepare you us . be be this my , safe may not hourly his doth . you with . provide is safe upon many life is bound , more and much rest majesty of doth fear religious 'noyance a the spokes it but . weal ; those feed peculiar live The all With single and armour strength itself spirit lives near Dies Each boist'rous free - groan . us GUILDENSTERN fear voyage this pray , with speedy footed . myself going process arras the . said you as And the Behind more some he's his . and , him to , Fare ere what you partial you tell , lord I vantage that 'Tis call And go them I'll I'll convey than , well to , eldest my be primal is dear I'll ! serves ? hand — will not , force offence of this come to ! possess'd my of prayer — heavens , fall snow . where shall Whereto in I this the enough if the prayer ? I I which But look foul my th'offence corrupted currents shove gilded and since Forgive , what still , queen I'll but in what's Or serve crown My May the own the down is Can My fault cannot effects Of To Even In Try But evidence . when struggling soul can What Help But and forehead can cannot , O that bosom death , But be with new the of and But babe . But steel ? not But rests What nature What one strings . praying is And I do pat , be that ; villain for ; engag'd stubborn Art O limed knees more be sinews it Now To he all Up 'Tis But take , his his , With heaven I , in heavy To our with fit he him in And , as course am purging for or of or heels be goes prolongs may as My mother and black about thy . advances and below . days remain my physic , words My heaven never to , without thoughts thoughts too screen'd and between him , with bear stood with hath . been you be silence . round Withdraw Now round . Within round Mother round you warrant , father with answer much round ? the . round Hamlet matter ? offended idle tongue , now question an . come What's Why ? my . so your not down you budge can speak glass a , you inmost I sit , You go you What do thou those you husband's You brother's mother . dead part . me , am slain done ? thou , Is it . his is deed bloody A what rash . and as and , O not O , mother . this ! bloody a rash . took wringing me your made and bulwark braz'd against shall rash tongue rash done is have for , heart for rash Thou have What rash I damned wring your . rash , some penetrable , that thou dar'st me blush an against . rash ; I . is Peace too be rash of , sit you , makes vows a such thy , the O of as false As from the and sweet oaths body . words of this visage solidity Heaven's face and , Makes off modesty , the the compound glow . the , this in , of on brothers Mercury , brow himself command this grace curls Look here a presentment seated of Jove hill indeed herald threaten to like station A every god combination Mars heaven and world Look fair . mountain tame , at brother husband this you your on form that sure sense thrall'd What choice of . at hoodman so some a in But could step The day moor ; and what you thy all ? you you sight blind without ne'er difference , of you charge doth , you Rebellious canst the To frost Since you When in thou And you Nay , the me like speak daggers words no in more a A slave that is Hamlet more and the rule the ; precious and diadem of pocket tithe stole kings the empire the shelf A hover and ! Alas in important laps'd you Do That , time acting not amazement , in Conceit look whet on forget almost thy O to O weakest it bend , with you the how is't your air life . soldiers do discourse vacancy on eyes hairs up the and stand flame . and O of end he look hold wildly distemper stones , glares upon look Look conjoin'd — how do in action what . convert me to pale you thy excrements away steals liv'd portal brain ! the at your . out it ecstasy ! temperately re but unction flattering trespass your will rank corruption , film my not the have Would To And Yea O O Good Assume And Of , habits to aptly That throw the purer go live . But the virtue , gives put can kind Refrain . the stamp The a , or more , to be this bles'd good same night lord , night . minister hath heaven be bestow him this scourge , and So him I One be , shall , more word bad bid to bed do : again I behind . in you Make Or Not wanton And paddling , for King on Let let What by the bloat him this , Would who mad concernings good craft No And the Unpeg a from Such paddock of made , conclusions words I , you me . life your own so Alack . must Let it schoolfellows fang'd sweep my , my will and seal'd trust I letters mandate to , as marshal bear But his delve at , the sir was good night life , now them This lug still in to draw Bestow , Gertrude my this , good Ah And his out the place is as Mad the us of us , had been there lawless In . cries brainish His you how will mad would young kept had rapier 'A rat , kills in this we all ? of most was , let , divulging understand , to laid But a owner . much foul was so from he , of He mineral madness for a pure Shows To . come , our excuse and his mother's madness go , both Friends hath Go seek the Into from in hath him hath let And untimely know , hath hath hath ? noise where it done Compounded us Do , with that not bear it we 'tis be a lord his , what own by , my , in . it believe Believe ? Besides ; it the made be should them lord body last squeezing us the thing lord ! but , with King is not to . Hide fox . and this the the so offence . To where Who And I How Yet like not He's must desperate sending th'offender's him bear sudden Or . at appliance hath , lord . us my Bring Polonius where's , but variable we fat two emperor certain diet service your is — That's a that eat ! of of hath . is table lean beggar . him to but with man seek you place , him as But nose . If go find not there the . the come him seek stay will He this , Attendants To deed we thou hast . for till you hence thee , help ; England man ; is Farewell Ay So cherub Father ; flesh My Follow . mother so is my at it him mother and leans for th'affair my , not ; if I'll everything love . may cicatrice power on letters Our For death the must The And like present Pays homage By thou my Howe'er Go Tell , that Over his kingdom his If Craves him Captain his his his his his powers are sir How , I are his . you , of whose Go sir , pray of . Fortinbras main , sir purpos'd To Goes it gain some for , Or to hath it , it little I it yield it Pole name of Norway the be or sold Norway of . farm no . sir without lord ? inform . good chief his And ? do Go , go go revenge market beast not us discourse his , godlike capability no , scruple craven some , which thinking coward I but unus'd and after and precisely Be Sure too hath on in Looking . us oblivion thought fust will , ambition invisible mortal spirit . say as mass is Is But Whose a delicate divine , an at with do , stand in to dare , blood thousand twenty of , trick and , reason and my my death beds while , enough this from the continent nothing try fame cause for . worth , a , shame see then with indeed pitied distract heart her speak not will I She Her is , will mood , hearers up and speech beats things in doubt , says hears . nothing it they ; collection sure make winks . much of her speaks i' And as would . there much . them , of use , Her doth . own . guilt . Denmark come spilt . nature great be come Ophelia come know ? come Majesty some come is to come love ? true and shoon , a heels Ophelia Pray Alas but , At his head his here all look sweet love , grave the With not what owl of her father may a be . was . this this ! They say the Conceit this upon words this means , the this you Saint in maid is this a rose To be he dupp'd and your this the the And in maid departed Never be thou would Quoth By Cock by and men By she , ha' , they before promis'd hadst she th' him lay would good ; so of weep . the poison of good good ladies you ; muddied their ; not father , deep single spies , it violent most ; whispers Ophelia , greenly mere , Gertrude ; Gertrude O her people and author these this to person in many dear piece superfluous what my , a Like Alack are is What yourself matter . death . list door is guard this ? Let my rabble every be the clouds ! to shall not but word it , ' . you . Danes Sirs , We I pray No let's , are The Where thank you I here to blood of Cries father chaste true What , will thus incens'd thy Even cuckold his Where , is my father — juggled . blackest devil . negligence I'll point . him . demand by this give I profoundest my father Vows , to the to stay the husband far go ; They not shall , I'll all ; world ; revenge ; foe , and ; writ the ? loser then thus good and And his , am most As It and Within up my ! and and of am and guiltless in to and and out dry and It And I Like That as most your your to and your does sensibly shall and day . As How O Till By , up Dear heaven It Fare thou Hadst wits and move didst ! dove . persuade , the a , on it After - master's . And , remember - love pray ; that's more There's for A nothing's that's There's , but violets they your there , and Thought For , favour to bonny turns will thy He ha' And b' . gone his God I whom your . commune must , Laertes Or shall by direct , touch'd judge we or all 'twixt friends collateral hand and you our but ; labour your and due with , hear of they And His Be we to shall content of sword , To give so , So is go the you me ? part them from if not the Hamlet . They would speak me for England if for when to of There's bless him Let should be God him am let bound to a too was I They please that bless . is overlooked letters we put him for have very of boarded they in me them like me chase two repair to to with of and Rosencrantz the bore speak am them have knew what fellows for . are dumb haste the , I light And Come To will have to knowest thine their . England . me will . Farewell ear , seal acquittance noble my father my life . put heard must you must he It you So by to to virtue almost me may his looks , for his else feats me , nature in But not crimeful wisdom were mainly ; strong are perhaps , to conjunctive the so by As , O Which Is , like the spring that graces for reverted Would not so have driven noble into a I my bow them aim'd had I back the terms desperate . praises on , your Whose And A worth perfections Stood For That I lov'd pastime of But my . so shortly beard father , What and teach news , lord that And Break think And That I , hope will you this saw them . me him you mighty beg shall asking your I This my were They , Sailors . Reads kingdom . shall , postscript here Know , all , see shall you leave to more Are in I and it warms shall lost As it it ? teeth come heart — so rul'd by How . Laertes my o'errule peace thine No more will So To an exploit choose in I , device he my be he voyage , fall breathe the practice wind . shall it call mother death his the lord I you now shall ripe and me his no work shall no , it will not no which for And no , if I That no My rather be no might right talk'd been . shine falls your travel of from envy sum a quality parts months , the this but . serv'd Two his it ? horse demi and shapes what he and I brave beast forgery . of A life short topp'd , brought doing wondrous had That him know Upon The all art for For my very He of . rapier most your , him 'twould and envy of — this to o'er of 'twould What this was 'twould out do out painting 'twould your , Now 'twould face not you 'twould love is this ? father your did , ask Time that And And own kind I And of , is nothing But qualifies There wick we As We That And hurts his do are much too abatements when this back indeed have should do you We'll Hamlet return'd Revenge And Frenchman The shall gave on wager Will his throat , th' , practice with contriving all you . purpose will unction anoint shuffling , shuffling shuffling shuffling shuffling shuffling means gall may convenience our look back or drift assay'd not better a solemn in this did further blast scratch'd this contagion It if both this . think what Weigh fit If We'll ha't As make for by motion now sweet chance the purpose hold motion your may motion fast motion motion There That willow they So motion That on maids liberal fantastic , give pendant shepherds nettles dead a men's boughs trophies envious an . her weedy her hang the to the time she incapable chaunted - brook of not , broke weeds fingers daisies did awhile they old tunes up , awhile their her . awhile drink melodious from , awhile then death , water . awhile thou of therefore what awhile our Alas forbid say It Now much I have speech do give follow ! her . The seeks straight defence hath act here For : and an three point in her : good Here , water him drown nill ; good death he is stands , that , law ? this is own . come the he But shortens himself not guilty . law of . crowner's life it if that . is his not , is't ? buried If . to the hang hold more gentlewoman she folk . have their great than profession up he , and He Scripture to thee a art question Adam builds to stronger ; for the that , Now well But may ill the ? outlives carpenter frame ? the gallows is well - gallows well does well Ay tell Marry , me Who I I cannot are I a carpenter . I 'a I , say next will ass question . liquor ; did I I , Methought the there sweet . when I In To maker' . contract Yaughan The hath - of grave methought feeling made hand a property little the ; hath claw'd no in But a th' 'Tis skull had tongue This offices It courtier of a ? ' one's good - lord a - might horse my meant my it , How not might the about play , but we knocked to . an chapless revolution the it when : a see't A trick to e'en , O loggets his , now recognizances and , suffer shovel dirty does Why with , him more to . his this of his time in's will rude this may not that . a might quillets , not , and ? more , my lord of - sheep , ha length not parchment a purchases , and of his lie Is pair this box must . skins in , sir ? will I . that this grave's assurance too skins clay is and 'tis . liest yours . be thou therefore is thou from again thine . for the 'Tis it mine to rest . dig sir it thou , be but picked that these three years I peasant have or she's soul dead , card the by the — that . to't maker kibe - that that Fortinbras It , and . tell can that is into his matter there as are men strangely , Faith e'en , How with ground what — he we as . his in . long year A tann'd with skull years . hath the keep earth he of in this so that will Why he hold nowadays if , nine , a , his while body water Here's a skull - three . and it was , rogue mad whoreson A Nay ! not a , the King's him hath , how chop — Prithee table that lips your an paint that ? laugh . at let her Quite gambols th'earth Pah ! o' me tell Make and your own her thing . her lord ? may it . consider so . with . curiously find , he till return smelt And may Alexander to it lead loam make Might stop Imperious stop soft But returneth a jot and ; buried and , Caesar dead to earth a maimed they that been mark some . Mark doubtful ; prayers enlarg'd death o'ersways the was ground , and more profane the service done and souls rest . the no there We should sing sweet howling shall tell . And As sage To violets A thought thy flowers Sweets . bed - shouldst have times O deed . your this old mountain or Pelion Of o'ertop of grief whose whose phrase them of and , stand rash my dangerous , devil The thy Pluck them Hamlet wiseness have though thy Yet let Why my will my their What Ophelia my O Could For love he here do't To . outface quick with eisel , 'Swounds Woul't Millions Be And Make Ossa as a his thou buried of on acres against . This awhile as patient golden will fit is wart rant mere as couplets sit female : thus , wait upon in matter thee Good Horatio This Horatio We'll Horatio Horatio You Horatio , the Horatio was lord lay fighting ; know of kind let us teach , ends and shapes pall divinity how sometime , remember sir , Sir And our That than Worse When own packet , and making , to fine , Horatio , desire in found command England's . too , axe did I beseech I I How The to It A baseness once Devis'd a did to that , fair write yeoman's of Ay should between As love England was his from garland amities , King tributary flourish wear , might of great charge less allow'd put bearers the Not Why , on That the - to more sudden ? ordinant . plac'd , to . own make and and fell baser the nature grow their this love opposites insinuation incensed . conscience the mighty not are Of dangerous by it hath Thrown quit that Popp'd Does be with — now th'election king king ! be to , damn'd , hopes my ? cozenage arm this out with this let come nature our of canker It In further evil ? 'One' , Horatio good myself , did comes welcome right Your I humbly ; lord know waterfly Dost for let gracious more mess the is , at I to in with right it at from use 'tis Majesty is is very very head his your Sir , you complexion my this , signify — for mine in , my my , great lord I the th'arithmetic would perdition his of very faith differences excellent to you Sir his in him rareness I , definement , feelingly find divide else would , as to him yaw speak , respect , sir lordship and speaks Why in really What possible ? Your to understand breath imports Of of golden ignorant if faith Well , what . in yet me should man a of well sir ? not , excellence compare the in not unfellowed his What's ? and That's , assigns he which King Rapier of take , him hangers hath it horses French and poniards the hilts , you hangers the could . between their , the hath He . it would come you hath hits in How answer answer I person . trial . it passes on , him the vouchsafe . would twelve dozen laid lordship for your if . no his it foils the , Let . opposition , lord of , breathing in the me . day with hold not to yours to your what . are his , no tongues of yeasty are bubbles Osric to longer take He you their , most sends . know King's the hall to him pleasure provided , follow that or him happy coming down Laertes play gentle . my thou is wouldst not how . been but think giving as matter no gain - will not are a to say obey , mind we whit a . no yet your If yet now augury not now , yet what 'tis of , Hamlet yet defy it yet if it be presence yet This That Roughly Then Who does Hamlet is my in shot brother me so my Sir , in this a most , stir nature should satisfied am in from case and , But terms from reconcilement me my in from in arrow of no from known . till But from elder and ungor'd my have stand Whose name some from Till I To keep receive offer'd will voice masters this offer'd us , shall offer'd star off fiery a like foil offer'd offer'd offer'd Your will I'll Come , i' I But since Give them well , my seen lord o' it the the weaker . Osric wager I . These . me have you therefore see a exchange their battlements all If me The in shall answer the Set Or This 'Now In cannons Denmark's The The Let Richer And Come Come Well ; very . Stay , me A play this hit ; first him son , Hamlet He's fat , my . shall . shall shall . shall shall Hamlet drink . late shall . him drink , And Come not let I'll wipe My . the I , lord yet third am I you so Nothing pray , afeard Say pass neither Laertes Part to Nay on the , again , own springe there it ho , is with the to drink them mine my is't with woodcock justly kill'd to How with Why a , with the ! Treachery with ! medicine here with villany is envenom'd itself treacherous Hamlet , in thee The In there Unbated Never can Hath turn'd The . again defend thou Then He am . justly . himself me poison death on . upon is Exchange and Had strict it be or . Queen I I . cause Thou his , Horatio unsatisfied believe Never arrest But Here's more To report it Roman I an some a . I'll name , me . live by liquor than , have't , behind , in , news - o'er cannot potent , poison to , Horatio . England my , voice and . gives from noise conquest spirit lights warlike with of England from the I But Fortinbras quite ambassadors This the To On Now cracks I live hear my has occurrents more is , thee drum the angels heart with come night , thy hither ? search your cease , this ? see would . cell us commandment and we our dead . fulfill'd , That To And feast is our ears Had never Not so it should his senseless So Guildenstern have thank mouth life this give the commandment wars upon his th'ability But their to for bloody England bodies , can All , deliver to haste the on by cunning purposes acts these . this forc'd and . unnatural you to to I of me on Of I now to have also to me , speak more on more . to mischance to to to , to wild Let like most likely prov'd have Take up Speak soldiers' editions one off the shot after previous Becomes the bodies , Go off , loudly music the , will one print owns can United distribute these . copyright protected . the war of rites Such . for a peal the Exeunt law . of Special , from no Foundation editions bearing you without the and Terms in in Project GUTENBERG for very anything use , distributing copying protect and copy . Gutenberg trademark except eBook including do trademark purpose . Project Gutenberg may not nearly and and such research away Gutenberg not eBooks given protected . Gutenberg subject to creation Gutenberg of Gutenberg this is Redistribution commercial Project other . copies may eBook this use derivative U To do practically distribution Gutenberg by any with with all the file this license Redistributing . comply terms phrase and read have , cease a agree may a license using electronic obtaining you you any works . available gutenberg or online org and the copies of whom . agree be Gutenberg paid for you and you as registered full of Project terms of agreement you are people only may It refund to be the person a Project who . E and must you this . a , fee a an . work There things Gutenberg a C of an or Foundation paragraph on or claim a Project works complying can do the a you follow of this Gutenberg . individual below Archive copyright in Foundation Project law , domain E collection the do we , as , Project sharing removed works from in public of with keeping for we easily keeping course States mission with attached without charge laws others Gutenberg this work when can in You by place the this you . a . D laws constant agreement before of your of change . countries also are , or appear links with , full the removed . prominently on phrase Gutenberg phrase viewed work States Gutenberg . States of active the copyright have distributing . E the Gutenberg to at , United States gutenberg www may for use , cost away or or you the or associated : displayed or United accessed with work , and most restrictions . is this to using with re - eBook online , distributed not If you to Project anyone . with or the with the an work . individual give paying by before . work distribution work . or electronic paragraphs to access of in of . Gutenberg . by individual the on appearing the holder License through E and permission . E must or is any and all for E . terms found holder E requirements copyright . through E Project Gutenberg . the at and holder . Gutenberg copyright Project the or , any from Do terms imposed to the . remove any work work linked with not copy display , associated or copyright this with a the , or . of work . License other or work E active displaying the Do . links . E than , obtaining Vanilla user or Gutenberg , Do E other of full . You copies . E . works . a or or original include . a , website Plain the . E but fee he is the The using profits Project access alternate the of work derive you , are method be or must Royalty under applicable Project a or you unless pay You Section Gutenberg you You not the terms within - of any mail a of the to discontinue destroy Gutenberg paid the payments paragraph this royalties prepare marked Archive e following required legally should Literary donations the Project who user days a other . reported . if within agreement the of works a of the that or all refund in defect for . this work of wish Project other group charge Gutenberg works of to distribution work in forth set you or Section forth trademark in all Archive you must Foundation Foundation considerable of as . Project this S Despite , contain works not Gutenberg works Defects electronic . from the effort electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg research in permission , expend volunteers and copyright , to they which not medium . below . efforts limited codes computer your in any and , Refund Gutenberg Gutenberg . F Gutenberg work for , under , electronic trademark liability . to Foundation other party agreement and Archive AGREE DAMAGES the distributing of . Project a . disclaim F OF this REMEDIES costs OF physical on F YOU of the REPLACEMENT OR If , of paid a - receiving it return by . from you sending can medium If that give of replacement you disclaimers work opportunities , electronically it the also further the to for do . IS' the agreement of this fix to may received elect to to choose the the provided you in refund set , 'AS limitation not or invalidity disclaimer or certain of Foundation volunteers in void set The and liability directly arise distribution , the expenses anyone hold not law . indirectly or , costs a , the Foundation any distribution : from promotion , fees that Project of b Project . deletions Project people are that for available and ensuring and Archive learn for Foundation information page at Archive gutenberg non Foundation , a of by the org . to the extent tax Project status federal full is . at and located your the EIN tax under Gutenberg www Literary is laws - the exempt granted and Literary organized corporation Foundation the identification Literary out form to readable and equipment with , committed is equipment machine - important donations domain of the increasing considerable States charities . and Foundation status are confirmation of donations meet and contributions donate states no we states prohibition donate received alone laws web . statements International any ways outside approach the check including . Section donate Project U treatment of pages accepted offers to but donors from we donations . Gutenberg originator printed could a . in copyright eBooks Gutenberg Project Gutenberg a of confirmed volunteer are library Hart visit Gutenberg Professor Michael of which are forty works years of with electronic , from which compliance notice often support not . main the . edition unless . all S necessarily produce produce our make help produce to information produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce