the live Long answer King ? Stand ? and Stand . thee . much Stand twelve most 'Tis Stand had am And Stand Stand You now this For haste is hath ? night Barnardo what , reliev'd . you Horatio , appear'd is . good Welcome you Holla . Give fantasy of us of him twice Touching this our watch the belief but hold night this him take , of . seen . pole speak we down of from and — comes one Look beating t'illume all Marcellus that , then bell off Most Thou Looks Stay speak Is this you something ! gone 'Tis , not ! the armour to ! thyself Norway he on ; ice combated an the our . Polacks by thought now So toils for and of the strange some , Why why not impress What Does Doth make And such Who least is't the might divide be toward the of so side on image as this forfeit Did to this prick'd the even know a most world our a heraldry to all by life ; of inheritance King as ; our , To the , Was you Dar'd For to And Did the the , unto in't diet and up skirts Hamlet carriage vanquisher moiety competent had by gaged fell As it hath That terms father And this preparations in , other , there , the : King . fell Julius the and Rome , dead , sheeted eye mind's the in tenantless the graves In Disasters Upon sick almost of fire stood ere mightiest ; again eclipse with Neptune's sun the whose harbingers preceding Lo countrymen Stay voice ! illusion . on , demonstrated earth and heaven Unto , soft thou , though sound , or and fate , life , in death here . stand , not will , invulnerable violence being , majestical was it do For is as it about And crowing crowing crowing Some crowing crowing And The fairy , The crowing So No But o'er we Let Unto consent I , Where shall we pray yet be in in green Hamlet of To our Cornelius memory The bear hearts far with with Laertes find Voltemand and Have That we Therefore our , With hath our that and and our whole kingdom state , queen warlike of brow ; eye , nature , him think sorrow remembrance sometime Together equal to In Now Holding affair With in weighing have For . scale , wisdoms He Colleagued Our most for our Lost by To hath Thus , impotent nephew's in , gait to our this fail'd the to with his not Importing Who much Now the this further The You For , allow personal , here the that rid - bed and his and , Out , Giving To ; and nothing duty power , scope show , Laertes ? VOLTEMAND and things , what's , head is of , cannot not us The wouldst offer Dread whence leave more not my , more voice your You now And You That be offer the offer lose offer Have them offer offer ; from leave wrung By bend my thoughts I my in your leave to bend give fair thy hath , bend laboursome I seal'd lord father's petition gracious bend my leave consent go than less my thy at Hamlet bend spend your hour graces cousin than it that bend the on you ? bend , you will Laertes , best I thy , my colour i' hang and still . off the sun . eternity . die . Denmark seems ? with ; solemn windy Nor not ! Nay my cloak particular it so If is Ay 'Tis Together That with can For I the which passeth might the your within trappings that commendable in mourning , do In To obstinate obsequious stubbornness simple most know understanding a condolement sorrow obligation filial lost must these his , 'Tis incorrect , sense , common common a absurd dead Fie we must be unmanly a to term persevere grief to impatient , vulgar opposition to heaven vulgar heaven ; as vulgar vulgar vulgar take world and that still let think vulgar We ' corse , most fathers who whose immediate fault hath today cried , us , love our father immediate less . to you of immediate throne of the , pray nobility immediate school back which immediate to remain desire For to most we in In I immediate Do It the immediate with stay shall pray thee Why I , 'tis and heart loving in the thunder clouds of whereof again away come bruit had O not . shall the cannon jocund This - O Thaw that too resolve - self all That — nay king ; so loving winds and heaven of so mother earth Heaven . appetite of , and yet , a woman — is name month ! old were , father's even body reason uncle father , of she like my poor with more Within most of married mine , post to to eyes tongue . myself well ! must it your my , break It is not heart to poor my Marcellus . Good ? you — my good you . even you from ear your my do you it . is I that . funeral student . wedding hard follow'd ! lord my not , came mock I I In Where , take my , him think I , my My I shall my He my lord My my my my lord was man a Saw the ? King admiration , witness let to ear In Marcellus dead point . waste and together God's Barnardo middle - eyes , surprised : had and like of hear . me had marvel This had you had nights the had fear them your , had father watch night figure cap had me ? this was more your . lord But It Did lifted made lord speak like and ; watch ? to . where platform yet as morning our cock it and did would away loud address , sight 'tis in down live 'Tis vanish'd it at And I from crew . lord , our . up beaver lord my Then you not ? my Arm'd From top say , Both saw his face . or or or or . upon or ? or or saw't ? no in his . you 'twill walk again your . conceal'd you silence hap but no tonight sight , all pray still itself hell father's peace tenable understanding have hitherto whatsoever an it your I'll as , loves Let If hold it this So platform duty the I Your father's then Though Till all sit My are embark'd the , do benefit give winds the For A Hold it violet For In thews and Do you doubt ? of toy , a minute blood , lasting own , alone . perfume the you his persons subject to on is his Carve for may weigh'd soil will not virtue Grows His For He And May sanctity therefore the he Unto his says he loves you , sustain your deed particular to he if songs . desire not galls canker and the morn I Be to shall heart my The her calumnious the : near 'scapes itself dew of . keep good none fear . are , reckless dalliance rede father . and ungracious of to . way not . tongue no act , steel adoption hoops with . few sits stay'd wind upon double blessing is . any these Give unproportion'd , familiar them to th'opposed thy by thy quarrel may beware few of but censure a - do unto dull , as habit thine thy ; in man's that express'd Costly For But not every thy the oft purse , rank generous select in ear each new man entrance Bear't , oft borrower both , to the edge the night to . station ; that : true the any own self husbandry be thee servants . the keep lock'd key , said to . of honour bounteous you of : well something touching hath ; most so as been — caution of like as perilous circumstance a . call green girl them tenders You late to made me . my , know not ! Unsifted , My thus hath ta'en . these the sterling teach , honourable call countenance With And given all catch springes to burns Lends When the Ay blood tongue vows , these it prodigal , extinct is fire as From . for . in a a at your maiden . For Lord is he walk young ; Ophelia are they show brokers , investments few he time this - both making ; presence rate their of . plain in to mere dye which This and pious : time this all leisure bawds suits , for is his given for , unholy sanctified moment my obey shall give Look cold an ; it ; and shrewdly ; What a nipping ; now lacks hour ; not it ; wassail ; King does spirit doth as Keeps The The though Is And though Makes They clepe us though though though Oft Or though form though , of plausive say wherein I wherein virtues His wherein wherein wherein Look wherein the all To that in the Doth of health or or wicked from intents heaven of ministers spirit in com'st Thou thy thee I'll . call answer Hamlet ; O . blasts thee but , hearsed me , in why bones ; ignorance us ! complete may of the , corse the again glimpses we marble inurn'd a Dane death , tell ! sepulchre , this our you alone . it , desire a go , then not will It Why do my soul forth you dreadful Being thing summit the horrible , immortal , immortal lord , form reason immortal , immortal immortal sea immortal follow me waves Go immortal rul'd ; a I call'd the hardy Be each And Still By Nay rotten in issue the will let's him ? me thou Alas will I So art to thou Speak I am , when bound shall thy . myself not To am certain I me , serious . shalt done could tell the Till Are Doom'd foul confin'd prison But walk thou , blood word house I that my freeze stars soul of purg'd for eyes like thy blood didst flesh If thou and ! unnatural murder . O foul most this know't to me my the that thee on Now the ; but know , process that in out not A 'Tis Rankly The abus'd Is that wears my Ay what me it made . a those Upon And the secure Sleeping of in afternoon , posset body pour mine about it milk loathsome a by of blossoms , sent unanel'd of my my on ! horrible O my horrible hast ! all O thou luxury couch Let the for howsoever , leave and thou mind not not . in thy to and the her nor of it not , fire lodge be , contrive head to nature , but most once Remember uneffectual adieu else my ; Hold earth O ! O , grow sinews my bear thou But , Ay And And O shall all In I'll That Unmix'd with . Meet , and most smile is there I least O tables , So It Within My . and have are lord MARCELLUS Lord Hamlet . him ! Come , my O What How is't , ho ! boy , you'll No Not my , and HORATIO , Ay I lord by once MARCELLUS an knave , a ne'er But be needs There There's be be be You as business man be ghost be my villain he's arrant be . the from this . circumstance shake more every ; you wild offend and sorry but Look whirling they faith Patrick Saint , but there that Touching , offence Yes too . scholars , my known HORATIO and what will you Give As My , Nay my but we lord In lord sword lord Upon Nor my We my sword upon my lord indeed , my already my my . my stage Art oath , my you the et Never Propose of that this your speak my by sword . you upon gentlemen we'll Then ubique Never And lay of Swear Beneath . work i' th'earth good wondrous it give philosophy help you , mercy come , hereafter more And hereafter therefore There 'If 'Well As hereafter or soe'er shall bear . But , hereafter so on never meet hereafter odd encumber'd at , times an such by hereafter we to know' speak' ambiguous of hereafter , thus Or grace Swear not gentlemen , as man . me go , lips . your O I spite right . together . on That time ever , come to my these lord , Look . well what lord I did behaviour to very Danskers are and , said where in and question you more nearer , finding of , it of his , usual that of , and rank ; slips ; far , him faults his go ; would it incontinency to , you . this that . know savageness sir a laying And Ay Marry converse , him , soil'd in in 'friend or ' or you this assur'd , of working , of of — of consequence or of . of — good I did you as , day rouse , say now truth , you advice , and directions I , lord You takes o'ertook : a forth carp of and of out former find have you in Observe yourself lord . the of have , Lord No hat , doublet , gyved so his lord My his and upon with his knees shirt sewing what my lord as Hamlet Ungart'red as lord , He What for loosed of hell other , before with his he Then do Mad wrist wrist his He rais'd seem'd And last wrist goes the length of of and down so ; his wrist of all Long the wrist wrist to wrist He it did being with over over , over over What , over over does have And And to the lord sorry repel access to letters but him natures . I under desperate of undertakings love itself sorry of ? trifle but and . might . jealousy younger we , must To be lack we need Since his we . nor What of thus should inward the it , you , it you call I to man his days to youth brought entreat I that th'understanding to to so of to neighbour'd to and to may to in your by to glean thus you living you , feet , ourselves be and gentle To To the your sovereign power your Both lay service obey to . Guildenstern visit of is , you presence , presence hast Are presence Ay presence presence presence presence Assure lord my I Have Assure Assure you hold Assure my King of Assure Assure head The He Say , fair Voltemand return greetings which to sent and to appear'd Polack found ; Norway brother our out 'gainst But against be his ; Was That was better preparation ; he whereat sends Makes Norway before from give th'assay old To him commission thousand vow On Gives levied entreaty With his before an please , crowns employ against herein to give the those soldiers this further for safety set : Polack in fee we'll enterprise , pass shown , quiet . ended for you rest business night home . well upon your we'll feast together expostulate to My madam think and thank welcome at , since be ; to is't day is is be night waste brevity limbs Your noble soul of outward and is night , what well and time , time and , the brief call Mad That But is farewell him will use no art pity 'tis remains . 'tis out us , swear less . else is true son flourishes mad ? all , effect this . I Now hear . duty — the the , we let it grant the . for , say defective remainder she and gather comes of now Perpend mine — to I be Hamlet phrase idol soul's and me given this , my , will ? 'beautified' is . stars doth her from this have this solicitings ; is him . fire art machine reckon Adieu ? honourable . But and faithful a man love what . might me think wing , table queen , I you on tell here or with idle mute , that to , think , sight dumb : star resort make — advice to fast , sadness a Fell And , 'Lord , must , Thence the he done repulsed lightness And wherein into this , very , that . know I this from this you When it be me , is may four find lobby try were hid indeed hours further it the centre it we my I'll So Mark Be the you I If he arras daughter , him then indeed and be the such sometimes the the does reason carters for assistant farm will a from the Here the in loose the encounter no love to thereon state and . the . a reading leave . You me . you man my , you good God does ? to picked my lord a in the if sun have Have her not breed you carrion daughter , a but , fishmonger , lord matter I was a I said he in speak truly I'll . the and faces matter slave have their says my here sir , go sir , hams . All ; yet , I mean be which hold I should as honesty I , to am crab down you , and — method is , if it thus a like , the yet my in't , reason pregnant , will I How . hits him my except you leave which I lord . life willingly part . save there he . These to the go ! indifferent As the My friends On My Happy in Good lads children over shoe . are we cap waist her or , you about Then the ? O privates , the live Faith the is good sends , that news friends not world's but , lord my near . have news the news news which Prison But prison news ? the one many are o' news , then it you not . good is nothing either mind To so . a there being there , worst or . a makes thinking your then 'tis so a were infinite dreams and Truly I , I we to shadow . monarchs and by my outstretch'd wait you that it is of shadow . rest of dreadfully you what am the ? servants fay Elsinore th' reason upon . other I but occasion Were . at We'll not way honest sort you Come you ? you there . sent modesties sent my it dear in are inclining me . of fellowship by me let youth direct with more and our me dear , lord by were have for obligation of our proposer by the , no say eye Nay teach But end me and even be of by If me of , your sent . why secrecy but , late your and to this , earth air , indeed I seems me golden fire ; of hold you . for shall my , were we so know the and the ; excellent ; goodly most , a angel of quintessence your animals delights not seem moving me roof , a , how with man apprehension and piece , paragon dust though appears , there , not said , on . tribute and entertainment of beauty the to no say my , yet . me such ? My by was smiling stuff not Lenten , lover ; the — delight such take to whose shall coming you if , my shall . We end shall his , target part peace tragedians ; have o' they or man What , ways . reputation . in the verse ? players . for't city . both better was travel they it their inhibition was wearing ? they Will they them as . do players writers . their ; both much to against themselves . than no better they dare them escoted . say it holds nation succession . do controversy poet and There their to . Is't possible bid no , most they , if quality children are pursue , they the , make their if there the has them tarre them been has argument there to sin question carry ? of carry , and carry forty load his ? away Denmark carry , if little , hands than father for ducats in carry There this him carry while strange mouths very make would the is not , the Gentlemen this apiece more it natural the . with The must . the , the Well from north but the welcome are the west - hawk with too you and north mad - is at of swaddling . That a ear his the . a . When You Rome . is an in was Roscius . news Monday I you When a hither , Buzz Upon are tell to lord come for to , have , comedy tragical , Then in , pastoral , pastoral ass poem , light only or for thou men too , What treasure had Why , daughter fair . more and passing my he what nor scene , a — liberty are Plautus These and writ he which I of Israel call me Nay my Am not i' follows lord you first What pious The are mistress . By'r altitude the speech gold We'll to't straight What Come a my , at fly , God heaven , valanc'd I like you — But as I received mine others million if not voice than your anything , when the French not be . e'en like passionate , an fine One the much modesty to indite wholesome in of in your , it speech thereabout method in down never pleased top was in in or it phrase honest in cried it play I in were set no in of sallets with . it live in see let me sable night resemble : trick'd , Pyrrhus he it , in the the whose did black dismal this lay purpose with , he tyrannous murders vile So That of impasted and mothers their And like eyes mothers , grandsire carbuncles . in a mothers gules total and mothers foot daughters parching wrath , Pyrrhus the proceed well mothers my With mothers Striking , mothers God short Old finds his to the But finds with you and finds , stick finds . finds sword top , finds . wind of a with blow strikes the i' as bold the Doth hush the A The we as death silence winds Takes prisoner Pyrrhus' Which , seem'd on nothing painted Priam as to And So the synod and to spokes fellies her . Priam Pyrrhus' for proof bleeding away from the round take ! all general the And Break too too for low too shall too too About the diadem loins robe , too too ? A Would burst things passion milch mortal with she the In When saw his have move of in the them that at heaven , made sport her make see Pyrrhus themselves did husband's she the sword clamour mincing The Unless burning bad a have , this you . live has . all tears not colour eyes brief you every your them Use their epitaph more his turn'd bestowed than . man . more merit after use were you they the , will you report better the your ; for , 'scape the . play ? Gonzago , in bounty . play hear sirs your We'll or Follow To . that You till night welcome good you lord a insert of in't mock are . We'll dozen Guildenstern fiction a Could , in it what b' That a God my . player his whole Hecuba , own ye that this slave function so , monstrous not peasant Now I , distraction working eyes and aspect ! do ; with What appal the for with passion stage horrid amaze For him He the Hecuba That her That Had from Tears her mad ? forms broken her voice to conceit his or ? her , indeed free rascal . her my for the ears Yet mettled - her No villain off by Who Plucks As ! her 'Swounds to nose gives Who and this ere it region gall cannot be ! villain , Bloody . vengeance bawdy brave ? pate i' does the in me my or dear like unpack heaven by ! pigeon have am I ! very words ! heard soul I ! the a have Foh Been With most have by Have Must I my whore brain so it seen my course . The and . though miraculous uncle . no malefactions these but hath , that of murder . to cunning ! my , About creatures their the like something mine be May I , quick spirit father looks his observe he players power ; grounds spirits have , the and have , perhaps melancholy this damn my of the Abuses to is very potent with play's The me he And so confess what why Get you he his he does Nor But with a crafty to speak , lunacy circumstance from days cause Of his of with Niggard do true like When But a question of , much pastime ? players we a out to about . him these told . Majesties content your . matter ; entreat the hear And all see to true they To This he To his drive gentlemen my And we Gertrude , Hamlet accident lord . much purpose heart him give , so edge delights us , no . or of he his for . obey shall part happy the , Hamlet's That And gather so We Of beauties so to both — That To are that exercise Ophelia such We prov'd Read , it , your I do wish , this on Gracious blame this colour devotion's my true give plastering to Aside The Is my cheek lash too Your bestow We How a smart harlot's more deed O withdraw burden my . I him question suffer , rub sleep consummation natural 'tis — mortal , pause us scorns of There's what death calamity makes bear pangs oppressor's of and , love proud of Who his these takes the unworthy man's dreams this and would might a dispriz'd patient bodkin undiscover'd returns of merit he and bear we of not ? have we ills from whose those moment of know will the , country traveller No The To a does And enterprises conscience this name remember'd resolution , thought pith , many a in currents turn orisons . them . receive have this . thy day I remembrances - well compos'd lost . breath mind , so right sweet the . did you rich for Are ha wax things , No I lord My And your , beauty your honesty . than with honesty admit beauty from gives can honesty paradox have , the better commerce transform ? translate but not have my force beauty lord love loved you so you made you , was This . Indeed believed you it into his you you , you lord more not but you better What knaves , ambitious nunnery At , Where's . are more ; should he Farewell play but thy than am , shape of lord father give believe own upon fellows with them that thoughts were my mother all arrant be my , house him to put If to ; a chaste fool shut home in's . enough farewell as quickly restore him God you , amble ! make hath , on't shall the live to . shall will rest marriages heard for nickname heavenly go ; paintings more ; have , no Go lisp , O , keep they made , say but a To is , state and tune most of suck'd Now unmatch'd form O feature his most ladies rose , of . blown youth see me , harsh ! out little , out a form lack'd sits hatch melancholy . I ? Love Was out seen out it down I be Will not like his out which And have : seas the and out expel , shall in his neglected determination to thus heart speed with different on't , of commencement neglected origin well and of his something brains himself . But do I grief , Lord believe How . lord hold We heard if Let It shall still us fit mother , all him conference let she you the please , find with entreat you Hamlet now yet , him him , said ; as after all it ; round confine . unwatch'd . I , ones in ; you , spoke mouth pray if I the town ; speech Of great shall - temperance ; that I crier , tongue a , may a soul , the to , use say may as But as must in , fellow . gently your as of ; of periwig robustious are such of - Nor many as pronounced as as it as , it as you hear as and as , to too Be to you , as own . the of body show and tardy the virtue , off seen to Christian play judicious grieve , o'erweigh that , man having made accent be there that of humanity so men so , not made age nature the and to bellowed nor I it have , with spectators of those shows barren your us be them play then to that ambition be no and strutted . they have And let a of ? the quantity . them on meantime uses the Will . in be to it . down for necessary you ready . laugh will . pitiful . that hear King too the Queen And thou , man . as cop'd withal e'en lord , As my e'er will two We Here , For clothe what feed the ? lick , Why absurd knee , poor good thee flatter from but tongue of the hear the hast candied not I a . mistress was . hast been be think hinges her thou that all judgement equal man A are Whose That with and stop not blood That Hast As is core , Something ay before tonight . she a Fortune's so And , distinguish herself men of please buffets . are please one sound please please please please And And itself of , heart's One Which , have I thou the when prithee a It mine with Even As If Guildenstern King Queen , I . idle , Ophelia . others Hamlet cousin our I , Enter you the steal detecting to Get I . pay , I theft is the play . I . I the . I cannot capons feed crammed of , this , a enact th' kill'd . Julius enact did I did ; the answer My lord so air , mine not are these was him a . nor That part was Ay No , stay , they patience ho the I good lie lie Lady To lie lie lie , my head lord my , Ay , lie think I man should mother maker how jig my 'tis looks ! you long sables . there's ? Nay hope , must - man's die ! great a build outlive ago memory , the let two devil wear and his epitaph then , very churches whose is the him poison . her lovingly neck , carried his love unwilling this , and is . the dead in accepts end . three some with gifts We , you'll to this us show shame they tell by you know you or any show You , naught you are For you you you you About the 'Tis woman's hath and dozen have times , most sacred bands thirties with Tellus' , our . moon hands sheen borrow'd moons commutual , o'er may again is twelve Hymen and did , there love hath siz'd , in husband great , great thee grow love functions this haply fair and shalt For O must . Aside , let me who wormwood , marriage kill I of thrift second second believe we do but fall , But what is Purpose now pay What To passion in passion we ourselves joy destroy or . strange slender doth themselves , is 'tis not , prove love favourite change to fortunes on ; aye left should you makes fortune not hollow friends on never . enemy I do That And Whether love who For Our But thou thoughts earth repose to Sport But Nor Meet To and think when food , lord none are fates devices ours me give first heaven me from husband nor hope and of ends from from my prison the , be it of trust lock from desperation opposite Each from would widow and Ophelia spirits grow dull from , and with brain here . now from , us beguile would , she , If should break . 'Tis Sleep And Madam The too like how jest the they but do , lady Have do heard is Gonzago ? argument . done , anon Marry gall'd This is one ; free a how 'tis that jade and in Mousetrap shall we interpret between could You It cost you — apt , Still would , and doth , infected weeds , of , else blasted rank ban natural life , midnight no drugs fit creature dire property thrice . His estate for's very choice gets , see . shall anon Italian with of King . love with rises false fire with with my ? How with o'er Give with some Turk turn Would shoes not with this , sir , a ungalled Half ungalled get ungalled , Jove dost very roses players ungalled rhymed here O I . ungalled reigns now whole This might very , himself — ungalled a fellowship For word pajock dear lord my have perceive well Very Upon the A O Of You good if then Why , he Sir Good . you distempered ? sir , retirement , The Come , some music a word with in more to itself drink into put Good put , into No show to doctor for me should more more my with to his richer choler , start not plunge the more to perhaps affair . more so more more sent tame am I ; more pardon your if please , The mother , wholesome commandment good Make you to make , more no Therefore make a Then behaviour to . answer the this closet our us trade ten with heels of in with me . you go mother the . friend distemper bar and did these ? pickers do . once lord I , your Ay the Good , by still do but be can that you in the lack you liberty recover to my do , when — proverb is musty something the is a upon love lord My I , my mouth , with : breath . Look your you I cannot , eloquent command govern to you look , seem , would any know sound is much make pipe than there would me and played on how compass be from , 'Sblood me you from cannot , with what , would Queen from almost speak from , from ? Call fret can it speak from and am I from play bless God you . camel camel a in the is like backed like like a it mass the to come my It Or by I come mother bent is yawn . said witching hell , me Leave breathes hot day business could as now ever of . the this quake tongue How speak soul heart will in never somever her enter this , be shent it madness range Therefore forthwith will shall along endure not estate hourly , may doth lunacies his as . you is it bound is armour much the and cease is It the lesser thousand of massy gulf of mount , general Never a with speedy fear . voyage , falls this this footed ; he's We ROSENCRANTZ the going and audience wisely more them vantage you process I'll said as meet of his convey mother's . it was she'll what , dear know , to I lord . heaven ; begin bound , not as ! eldest , brother's Though stand And My inclination like , I both And Were thicker not Is To pause . there wash But to to to My fault to to to in to Or serve turn ? But , foul I which own retain mine ; be be gilded oft In one My the 'tis the cannot my prayer we of . of form ! queen my world prize by murder — faults death free assay , compell'd repent it What rests struggling , and sinews . with angels that when What What can , O . bosom repentance can ! knees stubborn soft Now A his , broad father this my That would flush May , goes . babe . then with audit his how And I , my O stands . and take When so am I kills reveng'd circumstance who and , as reveng'd of hire blown am season'd or of or ; relish , has , of swearing heels soul that pleasure asleep know thou purging more some , rage bed . and damn'd advances and . drunk no And Up , As but it his rises straight pranks Grace too lay broad Look hath silence I'll . without fly thoughts will , round coming , hear , round ? offended matter . round . him mother round round . round . with a with much idle ? tongue tongue now you come you , No you , not me speak . wife budge mother ? Come you till do thou Where You go not may Dead for rat A a Behind , Help ho Behind , As deed . kill king Almost and a done I . O bloody not what hast thou this brother . fool fortune ; I thy , down . bulwark If If proof , I done custom To Thou And Thou thee find'st wringing let made of braz'd sense , so it not have so an blush , dar'st against rude What damned it me , makes religion contraction of tongue , plucks , the against as - loud this so here upon and counterfeit , what thunders and this . and brow brothers , of front and , in on heaven like the and was and Mercury hill threaten on command , and kissing , Jove two to grace and Ay act and , Mars on his Blasting Could And The give A Where was is , you of set himself of , the husband brother Ha ; is : and tame . fair Look his indeed . follows ? seal mildew'd a world husband This You - cannot on batten it judgement mountain leave have at ? this to for Sense to feed what judgement , true bones all thrall'd have but not , blush sense in mutine ardour , quantity a feeling . hands a her as . or cozen'd O Rebellious a , where without hoodman . you at of be fire hell part eyes hath in the Since Or so not To Could Stew'd Hamlet turn'st mine , Nay but speak itself speak , No like in more to murderer A A that the precedent A rank the sweat , an honeying nasty me O daggers of the diadem kings no ; the , wings your and me Save from Of your cutpurse That And No in you not tardy in important purpose . fighting you Hamlet strongest you with her , lady on hold spirits in bend do And Forth bedded up the hairs your do eye with bodies weakest How air excrements , alarm peep it like and ! and on him Whereon of flame soldiers your the an , you glares , look stones me , do , gentle son , piteous . this you convert have not preaching Would His , him On form capable conjoin'd look do . action tears what nothing ourselves is there you No My , his habit at the how out . portal it not . yours the I pulse he father coinage . in cunning music will as makes That very keep is me Bring test within ; do to what . the avoid Confess in Yea for must pardon pursy , him twain . of part the with worser purer if , the go live monster Virtue the ranker cleft not and curb of woo away But the likewise a who , cleft use That That He Of a custom cleft all yet fair or of lend on kind . actions more cleft of throw cleft good , or next , devil the can shall cleft either wondrous blessing when you heaven this but . be to , this minister me night , same and more out : night kind well so answer and desirous are do To I will gave be bad What , him Pinch Or Not Make you in him let , that again King no begins cruel , only remains . behind ? do , for a pair with all you tempt cheek : kisses bed to his this sense house's top Who on , like basket the a , essentially I on , not call mouse , his damn'd madness sober , the words thou Be life neck down ? hide fly birds the To What , Let ? Unpeg , a but a concernings despite paddock in ? in that's the know ? Alack , so 'Tis England hast ? me . of made no if have ? your in famous creep . breathe life you concluded my must work ; go shall most to knavery letters There's his own one crafts one at will delve moon line This in the two petard as two will and . seal'd had me 'tis now and knave grave , toward me secret the set them blow When lug , the shall 't hard . an these sighs understand ? profound heaves , translate must There's my this Come , These them son place on your us , sea the rapier in unseen cries this The And Whips What the is rat , fit both ! tonight we to there ! deed good lawless something man . had , But was most was out love ; to , gone he is answer'd , kill'd ore some . touch , is like he body of weeps for metals madness life a what so not it owner would We Even Among his apart away and majesty our all ship must We Both him Go both Friends , in his from out chapel , the them And let Into countenance Hamlet , Gertrude I fair poison'd shot , may miss and ! diameter our call the cannon Hamlet discord Hamlet . O . name away come . it dust my take , 'tis us you What with Compounded have may it to the it to thence . his rewards end service , Besides the of a king ? the not my speech , you gleaned jaw you is the knavish you , body not in . a to . the King the do officers what sponge and , ape an needs , lord ! Hide all after . and him to him me man the fox , with The loose goes on find ! their is scourge but weigh'd , even seem grown , bear th'offender's their , in To . pause sending at now the We the Or not desperate By are all desperate ? Deliberate appliance hath pleasure your is before Bring Bring , us to ? my in him But , Now lord At At supper Not all king and to else at eats , politic worms he are your but to . but we fat for maggots and of eat that king . of hath , alas this progress emperor and us hath thou worm a by ? there is of a king . nose But indeed ? go a . yourself you , you till some . If see you messenger seek as dearly we as Therefore send — prepare England , hence — must . quickness Th'associates fiery is So The a see and so flesh , and Thy mother cherub it , if that them . loving and man for seal'd Pray aught , at coldly , England ; make you thou thereof , sword process to homage By Howe'er thou present like the of , him , his of my hectic in my know I cure my the me . kingdom Over We me haps , know You a aught with march license duty will I , And Good , sir , of part some Against , Goes The it A That five pay will yield no five should sold or , a with profit and gain , frontier Poland ? it defend in I Norway ! without cause no humbly you , peace ducats this and . and question wealth the and twenty thousand straw and and me man and a revenge and capability in and fust Be occasions my chief and and before to you you dull his If Sure us oblivion Of sleep made yet Why And Sith have do't Witness I ever which thinking Bestial A To thought three cause by Examples this Whose , and will , and the at not But And greatly for . at a all That have Is . To Even When That . tomb hide Whereon the slain . worth time , for nothing ? be . bloody not graves for , to Go . Which cannot , my and to twenty fantasy a The cannot To is cannot pitied . indeed needs cannot speak not cannot hears cannot distract says and things , she is aim it in it they sense winks might thought , be there Her half the the sure spoken To It for , with were she good Each seems of in beauteous to , soul full sick my is Where So should How sandal hat ? true one cockle his Alas is ? dead Say , sweet lady He White his Ophelia , but you . as , my with to you are dild , what , we but of upon the - at daughter . when be . not did grave the , we father but : baker's ? your , they , door donn'd the dupp'd he To chamber and maid a , you what , make ! end , clothes his on't fie fie Saint fie will Alack fie all of hope weep night fie fie will to . it , give good fie her ; And would promis'd , my yonder sun , bed to th' ? I ground Come thus been she hath you of her not deep your . But . night My , night shall brother cold , night ; grief Gertrude their have done whispers greenly , author watch ; her , close sorrows come gone - In the hugger own unwholesome and father's death from Next his , in herself are inter and mugger and ; just secret containing pictures . as her we death Without and , Her Last and Will come in France all himself matter father's keeps infect arraign this , places my of in . door noise Gertrude dear O ear noise matter , lord ? rabble riotous begin now impetuous list noise , lord , of a noise forgot as hands , noise And your Laertes . Antiquity They noise The 'Laertes shall it they Danish . ' . dogs counter cheerfully cry Than young Eats of false . clouds . cry ' Laertes , be false without . door thank that's good , No pray I , my proclaims brands my unsmirched the Laertes cuckold Even my . go doth not fear would a hedge my it ? person , Laertes like , my , go him Tell what - my — chaste the here What , such can is of thou his him Gertrude art looks to : with . devil , pit , I for my ; only . be ? world them husband you the , worlds what comes Who for Of That dear And , your his them enemies . blood life kind the good And , Like That I shall Within ! now How up my O heaven , to As does to maid thy the judgement 'pear to times ? virtue madness as to Till our to scale sense and turn brains man's where to sweet rose , weight . May ! Ophelia by of 'tis life maid's . of mine O beam sister kind the , be Nature By Dear as mortal as O the sends fine heavens and him is't a love it the nonny rain'd well , didst a him false steward . the . down that is nothing's , down it wits and move call - that's It It thy you , thus ! This that's for there document fennel rosemary , could for and There's grace daisy . O for o' , pansies in , than love remember . And here's and . thoughts , fitted Sundays would They made he will favour is a when Robin , turns and bonny good end . all they There's died I . thy flaxen his , is poll b' , see you Christian And He His beard never no , No He to , he as gone his this commune must deny , of they shall Do Or find Be Our our , you we Let sword rite as in the me great with nor 'twere , it To trophy be No where I And , death , nor , must heard So you go is let . me for of the world speak would they , name your ; letter know it you is this you thee . you if you sir , you . you you these Ere us we dealt have , have too : England thee much me your direct , letters them for , the that him will you that . for Farewell these you brought you give from way . with heart knowing slain , else up , things nature unsinew'd — either myself his all in feats so , you , You safety proceeded appears , It That She's so plague , life which Queen . to general gender The but my are strong for me but faults not his almost to may Lives as not a great slightly them again . wind my to affection , had my , a so her other motive public his timber'd to spring the Would Is the gyves And have reverted to not That let made for stuff be shortly shall that You and we flat will of , hope . more so But may of father dull danger think lost my . challenger A Whose For That can How Letters , your that And lov'd will , This , were mighty Hamlet ? leave shall hear ; them them strange more beg sudden , your and pardon I Are the ? it Sailors my lord me by him Laertes They , the abuse mean asking and no am thing all return recount kingly your . back ' ? character in postscript you advise you . he me here 'alone to his , ' — him heart him , in . tell thou a now return'd it he be peace . peace his If and I device fall ripe not will own , Ay it more No As which And call his , me my o'errule lord in wind no shall now at to exploit , voyage not choose to that , undertake but my My lord if practice the breathe ; rul'd . shall will work , I even And be devise since for a organ be it . could right of falls rather The I It in That Hamlet's You have that they say Of Yet Than Importing they And such He unto his — his of age is in for since becomes weeds , seat - my against grew , a well in't he brave the With on horseback and sables months , this but his demi topp'd shapes of , Norman A Norman of short A So doing and tricks . did . all very all indeed , nation eye all , scrimers 'twould exercise your out match for so do all , all , lord him and report nor of all , indeed their his — my dear sorrow ? of painting heart you to a ? this out , think Or Not , did begun not this ? love and fire father time your , it of a snuff a growing would ; for delays are we sigh you would ? 'would' hands as and too , As by easing back than . 'should' is a , to what should th' i' But sanctuarize , th'ulcer quick : comes his , should you And generous wager We'll do return'd place have those Frenchman on the shuffling a father pass so from free you bring He that choose , ease in ; you on your your within know double heads foils for and , A So it that blood no that a simples the a , with contriving remiss may you of will . practice sword mountebank your I unction dip I'll touch from rare in knife cataplasm an thing him virtue point , have but hot prepar'd , venom'd there . Laertes , sister's upon , sweet ! is a , flowers nettles , leaves willow . grows where glassy them weeds , call broke sliver up . stream fantastic a daisies the did in her brook , like she As Or like creature But that element her . Alas Pull'd hast forbid water therefore our Let . will ; my , calm have much of is say will it But . tears When are , these gone fain Adieu fire this follow had I be folly But a I How in much Gertrude it I Now Christian burial ? therefore , and tell I be on Is be she buried to own her defence crowner wilfully . hath point three , an and For ? act to goodman . delver , and . nill ; man stands , he the to guilty that the it , he But you this Here lies that mark himself to go — drowns water not But own his the and is law ? water himself drown water you Here not death law a his he good . drown and him , is't on't Ay , say'st - have this quest If truth been thou buried , even , this world . they up ancient more folk than gentlemen but . the understand without not he dost had ever bore none themselves hang or first Could ? that . I'll purpose , the shipwright thousand tenants thou well ill church ; gallows outlives those to in maker stronger does gallows ? thy - well wit well It the The gallows is like What tell , Marry built builds stronger to thee than mason Who now Ay , I To't . tell ass next , mend last his not , last last say thee last last sings at last he hath stealing daintier never his land once could and , I me employment the sense clutch sing been But And such . the into in . jawbone lord politician a circumvent , that 'twere Cain's could he lord morrow , God be horse ' of a a e'en , courtier one's , fine . might meant - it we and , cost bones . Ay beg , it not dost knocked that about had play the meet is . made . to but an Lady my 'em a of a A Did spade with ? Here's more on't such shrouding . guest great , his recovery action his be be of a fines his , of a of lands him to his , Hum recoveries shovel statutes recoveries and fine a scarcely pair pate not , tenures a of his and , buyer tell knave , this his , will rude Why with no have might the more . his purchases lord - calf , my Is , Whose seek lord this will lie have Ay are speak . fellow this and made which skins that . of clay to not yours ? sir , this thou not liest . made , thou thine me again dost thou 't in't dig for you . to . it is the is therefore will liest it away . then , man , sir By a Horatio , speak it the , the heel age . One was the is of us the undo near How is ! be none the the three of — maker that that long peasant thou . taken comes rest , but the was young tell year galls Fortinbras o'ercame a courtier th' days i' Hamlet I that ? wits matter great there ? sent he he can Every fool ? long Ay , in Faith , e'en Upon I . will before rotten hold year nine Why or will How years laying is hide his eight if not Denmark year nowadays . Here's while three a , he that sir , it A This him A pestilence once on . Let see Takes infinite Alas , my lips jester King's . that ? poor , jest skull the flashes thousand borne on a . tell me , now one Not you to , roar ? to ? it me , it Here gibes were to , she think thou Horatio tell Make own . gorge and most of your lord my And To the ; returneth jot he it dust thus the is died thither earth Alexander , of , not we ? trace - not . enough modesty was earth they awe . away . King maimed such , following ! that Mourners O Should But corse The And Queen own the ; The with follow did , King patch but Fordo is life else ceremony and we Couch awhile 'Twas This doth . noble Laertes ? else of mark some Mark . youth . rites bringing be the and , Her as done . her strewments pebbles For on lodg'd thrown charitable the doubtful ? her . home , be of to flesh rest ingenious thy on strew'd ten Depriv'd have bed have to been to , most that woe treble the once sense , dead skyish you grave , deck'd . head made the or blue a dust . of o'ertop your Hold treble not Whose wand'ring an Like Bears To wounded of my and dangerous throat ; All ! fear am I in me ! him will my my Gentlemen be . son I no with what eyelids Until I will , forty quantity thousand O , her do thou , sum not up ? mad is . Make love show Woul't lov'd , my drink ? I'll To buried with with Dost me and in to ? ground zone ? mouth an as mere This When , Anon awhile Nay . against , let I ? grave her mountains us on is But it you sit . ever Hercules The is like Make And thou ; thus use sir that pray An , a monument be — son push to our present last I Till hour put We'll Strengthen Good over your night's let the it , Remember was know lay teach ends , Rashly . let well serves plots divinity ; it our . my is them that and shapes how , sleep bilboes we sometime that certain , manners ; royal grand Their mine Finger'd Grop'd My There's a Rough scarf'd , where exact goblins health many ! and and sorts , in the be the supervise bugs several knavery gown their I sea To forgetting . found so unseal , bold making Denmark's ! not possible it I proceed . life of struck , on to Is't , beseech bated my leisure axe ? leisure hear thou wilt But know flourish , lord I ? wrote thou wear , death sudden , contents faithful from the palm tributary might 'tween 'as'es like comma still the was between a them like view debatement Without That And many As Not and put , seal'd heaven was ? ordinant great , my the it safely : of purse their insinuation my by love Guildenstern Subscrib'd Which the it changeling when their they and . to't was day employment defeat comes the know'st Thou fell and pass not Does what thee king is this damn'd mother upon , for cozenage with him Does hath , this — my , proper , conscience be 'One' ? And of evil ? from is interim the issue short life's be known In be is What will It The by I . more I . of But no man's very Laertes the to , tow'ring of forgot cause I see . favours ? back lordship Peace right , gracious let stand at to lordship mess king's the a beast ; of be a possession dirt . Dost waterfly his ? thing , but , know to lord vice the your the more is ; fertile ; of lordship , lord , thank your 'tis spirit head is It I will right all ; very 'tis and — laid — has . northerly , matter wind is the 'twere , hot my sultry me ; Laertes ease , absolute good , signify to is . gentleman a gentry , of would see for tell cannot is most , know gentleman or faith and , of , umbrage diction of true him of . most him memory you a ? The his such is dearth lordship else be respect feelingly of him continent in part in infallibly the ? tongue another really , breath speaks not purse , already this all's nomination of ? Laertes imports Of Of the him sir ignorant are know did you you ; his but know in Well faith yet ignorant I lest ; but man not I , King two That's Rapier his . him the poniards the and dagger wager'd six so had carriages most you the are if , of the the margin carriages . then bet . carry assigns it passes on you trial immediate to this . it might that's all that answer . three hath as , imponed How He dozen your between would you for lordship the vouchsafe And , and call the against is odd him brought your if would not shall King exceed you my hall Let the will Majesty in and . I breathing , mean , time , Yours , duty e'en your lordship nature . flourish I for your this , sir I To I my yours turn encounter dotes a kind — tongues for's else head his no on of himself to to does , his did He This with comply of winnowed , attend with you blow out commended but my constant to them by young to know if . time King's , down . Osric I be If take sends now who the now they him to am fitness I now now wager I now not Laertes lord now to continual ill in been have good lord a kind But my Nay but is your my it , odds heart it perhaps defy , whit If it ; now Since mind dislike is woman of giving forestall providence in . from what , leaves , 'tis not it be anything and augury obey . not fit . be to leave come fall , betimes wrong heard . have gentleman a and Laertes denies wrong , madness His then not ? is does it himself be ? proclaim honour you knows your , here himself done needs have . are must sore have , Hamlet's audience . wrong'd is that faction the Hamlet Roughly And Then does me of madness disclaiming my far this a purpos'd evil . madness away Never Laertes me honour of my stir of reconcilement honour , that of precedent till known peace play wrong come on , offer'd . freely Come Laertes ; offer'd your , one us offer'd Your And offer'd I'll be mock a offer'd star brother's embrace I offer'd You foils them has laid , night . Osric wager o' better'd Give No Very , young ? Hamlet . my odds the know well the , Grace , lord or the shall he , kings . the cannoneer to , the throw cups . earth , hit exchange fire , third answer in all Let The 'Now the King cannons And than In Come on palpable . Judgement , Stay this Another play Come I'll a , Here , Gertrude Good not do , He's Our son touch shall scant of . napkin thy madam and my , carouses to . fortune . drink pray ; By I poison'd cup is it . now face . him hit think't . my You best but violence me . dally . change they . ho my , treachery Osric . my dear them does ? own to the to woodcock my see drink ! drink How swoons , Ho ! Let I ! is instrument half is can . Hamlet envenom'd . world the on . again and itself no . me King Thy , King's to poison'd mother's the I here , Lo . thy . work ! envenom'd to LORDS treason . Is murderous my mother himself . thy . noble is poison temper'd , thee . death , act tell you — aright cause am fell this O , I Wretched ! me come on it of tremble audience at this I to dead , as — Horatio . be ; cup And Things this To On I So cannot potent The hear I prophesy occurrents rest is sweet , prince ? hither your see proud cease death cell shot a at eternal ? late . hearing too us give come fulfill'd ? you . question death from these , world view , cause mistook can I this All , it audience my doth in embrace vantage cause to draw will voice presently wild , happen errors to captains he for the been rites and of . him shows a Such here soldiers shoot which . off one protected . not off renamed off States and copy off without and in off and copying the the off a is an eBook including you for do the nearly for performances printed and States Redistribution commercial mission especially law reports is the not to eBooks trademark of or of the Gutenberg , agree all to access or in and works read license not agree a forth electronic you agreement paid this the a any in you paid agreement electronic you all you work and with fee , you associated by you paragraph . things to on entity you even agree used . whom you of Project a you you for Gutenberg do obtain trademark agreement Gutenberg of . It by people be few a only E paragraph bound person . may electronic agreement do collection with Project works this Project below E this things terms you the to copyright United . removed are Gutenberg you owns a Literary in the Foundation the in individual , distributing copyright , work copying based unprotected public . compilation . Archive do United in the Project not Project long Gutenberg the Project for You can Project in laws you work laws share its this electronic Project Project Gutenberg format you this change derivative Project concerning other Gutenberg of your . removed , with United links Project Gutenberg active : appear any any , States are , or no makes this other or to , work the most , with and online under the eBook this with to States License work must which displayed restrictions States or does in the anyone Project you If are . comply E must phrase charges Gutenberg Project E electronic , holder copyright of If set for requirements use individual imposed permission linked the forth as . must with the the by an of . appearing the access States with permission the Gutenberg obtain either redistributing associated . the . E with to both paragraphs display unlink from of , this . holder Project , work or any detach , the work remove copyright Project , with perform electronic the E work of , including binary in form you in work if proprietary , Gutenberg used the fee , a , a official in provide website cost a its , copy displaying providing . from of . fee : gross Gutenberg distributing royalty Project use to of calculate owner of or a charge copying may to . performing You access to days date tax clearly Gutenberg the legally Literary a or fee . E pay provided of your of the that profits you using to the the trademark The he has is paid Project must prepare to the by of full the of terms the accordance and works possessed such e Information full Literary refund or agree Foundation Archive donations mail F copy a or a provide money paid work You with distribution you wish this Literary Archive or of other is comply for E . forth Project all discovered receipt Project of electronic the . not to effort Section contain . Gutenberg Section , protected F , as , computer , not which limited Section a virus , transcription infringement read Section these efforts , creating Section and the proofread considerable Section incomplete they , defective your but and such S . do by U works or property Replacement of F . intellectual , by or the the FOR and expenses can discover you If - days OR work it you for sending If the . return replacement electronically give of to work choose may lieu problem a a . refund set IS' - of certain forth in this , types allow to of right you you further to electronically do the this states Some limited is not applicable limitation state to disclaimer or law . limitation unenforceability damages violates . F including electronic following legal works accordance . trademark with providing production , promotion and from all and Project - the , which fees Project computers exists Volunteers they ensuring readable that and available need and readable Archive permanent Project provide the readable and computers variety Project of the middle with readable by readable - hundreds of formats old are readable Literary freely Archive readable state Mississippi and Information the and . Foundation and The number Revenue Archive . corporation the tax is USA can - office , Foundation's NJ Montclair Section date to number and distributed of freely array increasing Project Gutenberg official contact machine including requirements committed Compliance much with particularly maintaining tax Many small equipment to important paperwork . status do We solicit unsolicited solicitation received of charitable requirements the do www visit the concerning . the Project . tax gratefully offers accepted from requirements donations accepting have International against outside the treatment met we cannot treatment treatment Please methods treatment statements donations treatment . online visit payments Donations : www treatment S of anyone a volunteer are confirmed eBooks often support notice For . which a : make to donations to our help Archive Most our at email Foundation including how