there me Who's Stand ? Stand Stand answer . Nay Stand live Stand You struck Have Stand 'Tis Well of do my . Marcellus make them bid mouse and ? heart bitter , cold Friends , Horatio stirring ? haste is . you reliev'd - good soldier you good who you Dane night good Marcellus ? of piece , 'tis And Touching With to this watch I us He approve eyes not 'twill tush And What That us Well And this down of westward we sit hear same made that's night speak nights down our , ears story appear us assail Sit The bell . off like the Look star , let When Had now not , burns Marcellus it comes — of pole , it Mark again where Horatio that's , and fear spoke harrows to . to wonder , it . thee . of time this of buried warlike fair and offended ! away ! speak I ! and charge ! it ! not fantasy . to avouch believe ! Polacks . had very 'Tis and jump Norway watch know I not our by on the this to and the martial hath stalk combated : art the th'ambitious ice So the opinion , and at of subject gone he observant the of cast daily same gross thought my brazen implements for toils , day ? me labourer that cannon war , from shipwrights Sunday , whose . Hamlet , lands ; return'd conqueror world most by Was Which forfeit Well of which our valiant same , and and sir article design'd , cov'nant it , take other hand , lands , chief head land the the in preparations e'en so portentous like the figure so but question the is and was That even sick ; to and omen the fierce empire the fire precurse doomsday with Neptune's still of together and earth , where . or me me . thing to , and speak me . thy speak may foreknowing ! speak in womb of speak spirits oft , and speak Marcellus speak my not here stand here ! here here 'Tis here gone here 'Tis , here being the show blows here as the speak , started , summons the is and lofty day ; fire , erring And object . crowing crowing the crowing ever 'gainst Saviour's crowing birth singeth dawning no , crowing , witch crowing nor so gracious crowing and do morn in of up dew what , us for to shall we our pray loves , find , Laertes Lords Hamlet , of green , in in contracted wisest hath with remembrance sometime sister to jointress 'twere as auspicious wife along For delight and , scale that know have weighing funeral in equal hath by state Our To our his Importing Colleagued Lost Now for the much Norway , ourself his impotent this , bed Cornelius , nephew's of herein good to greeting : and , here Voltemand dispatch levies to , proportions and Norway made all we subject his this Of , Who The lists gait further bearers with Of and We doubt now told And Farewell , that and You And us That lose and show Yet Your though in leave pardon my says France , France bend done duty and bend Polonius . bend bend ? slow bend last . consent to thy son bend ? the am hang colour i' thy much still clouds , my it How that more my best A , little lord is . so thy father in . must dust to vailed a with eternity lids on too that friend nature the lives nighted all off , die noble for it , for look ever thy Do Seek Thou madam , through , my suits inky ; not , black good know . common is If I thee seems , with eye , grief , breath in ? mother solemn ! alone of forc'd the These within me denote But For but That you these the truly the Nor 'Tis I lost sweet A simple be , unschool'd impatient heaven , heaven , nature to still dead the any what heart understanding the we Fie he peevish to is ; theme , sense thing and opposition incorrect most most whose that a a , our most against To A From 'This Is be a Than As we impart Do In And in and eye cousin and school lose of in bears Wittenberg desire to remain For father you retrograde most It Here Our of father ; immediate the intent son , our our , madam , son . dew fix'd . Madam and a fair , grace drinks shall tell again , in accord heart to jocund health that Denmark ; to . Come itself too into a would that - earthly the rouse King's too resolve , the Oh . That seed to on't to weary , 'gainst and the - and to , O God ! in O ; a — Must Hyperion That what fed increase of . and hang appetite yet , ere , is month woman ! she body shoes and name had she so winds my loving might face and ? on't little Let not and I it remember me By all and As think on if month and tears beast longer ; and — Within . but the the O flushing salt of most no her incestuous ! hold to in wicked to dexterity . to I Than Ere Had She It my heart lordship it , your to glad am Horatio I to cannot ! eyes . forget do , poor good Marcellus to see you Good . sir . friend name from glad very , truant what And change make you my I'll Sir , that Wittenberg ? lord , hear your my lord say that your . report ; own , good enemy in see , student . my think prithee teach lord it , Or Thrift Indeed I , Where methinks that my upon . father . king Horatio not once a him saw was shall My He lord The , I lord King Season attent marvel let me of This the father while gentlemen deliver till their thus Two he eyes distill'd - and , of the pie , fear , surprised they act him . they to of third night impart secrecy had as they thing comes , are . each hands But where These upon the was not ; time watch the both deliver'd , kept in , good where . speak address methought . haste in shrunk from loud did speak you But And we think you did , troubles . 'tis true away duty , strange it morning cock crew sight , live And my it know let down of my to ? toe head . my me . BARNARDO and , you to face beaver up foot . in wore ? his there been constantly eyes And countenance I had his would have I like one While with his silver'd sable A , It Perchance it will you person . seen no father's my it hold you If will it me speak Upon requite bid And Give platform I'll to . else whatsoever an , no you all hap shall understanding duty Our I Your , as the My some sit still in I all the , play Though Till spirit father's My then And , earth And convoy But , sister necessaries is Do , a in permanent suppliance sweet the hear doubt of ; waxes , you temple not mind this grow alone more and . soul more thews The wide now withal inward In For Whereof greatness he may for voice the is give It The sanctity If Or lose Than he therefore And Unto your health for ; and the May with his loss your importunity chaste you his saying . he the main Then so of or unmaster'd the Ophelia it And Fear heart , in act which your fear Out itself unmask maid danger , it rear 'scapes Be And keep of she galls before the Contagious shall th'effect my of though ungracious rebels , buttons of dew . disclos'd in else good , heaven libertine , way good puff'd a like Himself of lesson keep youth are in oft then safety to watchman to itself heart and steep And O too stay Whilst Show Youth this . and rede father my . aboard . shame for with . leave grace double no tongue , memory sail by thought thy precepts thou thou any , hast familiar unto do But Be adoption of but thy few these character but . thoughts entertainment in . gaudy buy thy few thee reserve but , habit they France oft best generous the proclaims of select most in nor both a And For Are fancy thy judgement station . be true , day the night thine , my canst not : the own and man the the rank not purse can : be chief , man ; and oft : then season said , to , have I invites you take do Farewell to servants and key the . well lock'd . tend ? keep said Lord to you Hamlet of keep memory . keep , very oft ; he to keep private hath you and keep something well bethought : late keep . yourself bounteous me . keep and the you truth honour the your on must so up me , affection . tell many , tenders them think you , You his do And Affection ! know have Tender teach lord tenders Pooh ! his you , I you Do believe my yourself more dearly ; baby should , a true poor fool phrase the . to go lord my speech heaven , do know . soul , the ; both daughter . show investments they , he Hamlet rate For your presence young walk , is are , bawds , their you plain in , not to like of As shall I so slander and unholy Ophelia brokers all , suits pious or obey my the moment This . give Have to't , words any from with I leisure . Lord . I What nipping is . No . shrewdly is air . cold twelve struck it , spirit his my rouse , out then wont It takes and swaggering draughts and of upspring his down phrase , men — pure undergo may star corruption , of doubt a . grace health of , or such in . in heaven from intents thy airs spirit speak , burst royal father will Thou cast thee Wherein Hath thou Revisit'st , It you But to a ; fee pin's do itself as be life my waves go with not , Why , at the . follow . means will ; I into toys more motive , every horrible I'll can what thing forth the o'er deprive it many fathoms beneath me of reason it , lord my the Think of of other , to . desperation . follow still I'll As And your I Nemean ; My fate Hold Be Still your your By your your your heaven am , say Let's Have rotten is Whither When , when thou revenge I am father's term day certain for foul the confin'd . in But secrets crimes burnt tell could and purg'd done to And Make of ears If To foul , strange as in , I or the my to thee be ease out stir rots shouldst itself me forged process but a know his prophetic father's orchard life , the traitorous adulterate that , with , gifts , was , a whose , whose virtue in , marriage gifts it shape as a a in in . hebenon thy within scent I methinks prey in a garbage the morning my in of in with , my enmity in as an swift natural in And With Upon Holds The And And wholesome and a - All , No With Cut Unhous'led all horrible If O of made , O of my in the my , of instant most of my ; my to unanel'd my of on ! of . account ! of not be horrible horrible imperfections thee nature But sting to her shows adieu adieu , the pale 'gins , sinews stiffly me bear Yea I'll In of That may tables . Meet , and , be I set villain Denmark . may it you adieu and I My HORATIO Within . Heaven Lord , So be Within ho , How you , lord my I , my lord of , my you more us come villain ne'er But ; To lord man business and that business desire hath — you it For as is Look wild ; and we every Yes Saint offence too an by , my heartily you , lord , seen have HORATIO As My Nay , lord faith We Upon In but I Nor my boy Indeed ha Come Propose the speak et you upon gentlemen . sword again hither hands ubique Then Swear sword that my by Swear Never to speak lay And Well day therefore more as put thus times hereafter antic seeing or this doubtful heaven soe'er shall on think heaven bear I , never heaven such by Or we encumber'd heaven arms such heaven pronouncing , aught and heaven my all And what so commend man love me , spirit as is you gentlemen ; a a you Hamlet , a pray in go cursed . a a . good wisely a him marvellous will do visit a and lord my , behaviour did Of make nearer , lord mark father distant some — him' very but please ; heed wanton , of and most and there . wild , may you say put on so marry and take ; ' , ' , and so you if't him As , noted and liberty lord may , blood , mind fiery liberty , quaintly faults , scandal season but breathe it his of him on outbreak of unreclaimed assault you , this — a savageness But A Of good lord should lord my warrant him in breathe with closes youth Having ever converse in thing little , i' you consequence ' assur'd crimes would prenominate phrase and then in to consequence and or 'closes At 'friend At I — does He , Very good , say thus ' , yesterday out There There , 'I consequence' the At with in By 'closes the ay him you or saw Your And So I me . out and directions lecture ? so matter music name ? other purport each in unbrac'd ankle chamber , stockings sewing knees loosed it . hell been had love took Then And goes me do I , I fear before comes he Mad speak ? What by to with — his thrice He He At his with his find his done way seem'd being to rais'd seem And the out He me does Come the very last I property any passion undertakings ? desperate to oft afflict you did I , good lord ; his access with I fear'd better . thee . it As To discretion lack This I And grief be Welcome that The need we . did have . provoke , close kept sort to go the , put , himself entreat thus hath him should man that . young days neighbour'd vouchsafe so so from death th'understanding your , to our , have inward glean it you did heard of , Something so up brought your and companies , thus remedy our within you pleasures so here youth I to much So gentlemen he , will of , you , gather . may him in to from time on you Some draw Good sure And I more Put Your For To be Guildenstern changed son , some . where Hamlet to instantly gentle commanded , at entreaty both ourselves up in , full the Guildenstern and gentle . to him is you lord news soul liege my good brain gracious King : of hold as Assure , the of I long . that lunacy th'ambassadors of that great feast of found of of . bring in distemper the hath he that your our shall my what To It was But be nephew's first and other him ! brother and out he out sends Highness into which from our . suppress appear'd ; the Norway , fee soldiers Polack , pass allowance and enterprise : shown further the herein quiet , together labour . took : well upon likes our , you , Most your we Go business be madam , to ended is waste brevity night and , What majesty day day Madam , he mad , the the , say rather us we Thus celestial Who it Hath an the To ill , That's given me in this . I this cause by thus is and . most 'beautified' , soul's Good Ophelia dear . And in , I am fell they obedience thee ill most my , hath above out had seen perceiv'd I would daughter it this Before my , desk the heart this winking ? upon my Or Or I given young had me I then I of . a me you my is I me . from receive no resort me star short of tale me took the then into weakness , me fast me gave tokens his round and dumb a — messengers a you madness we wherein to lightness watch must That she should repulsed , wail 'tis , make a this raves ? know find I , I this it if If is truth lead this Take Where he this , hid the walks may in So At Be such I behind for assistant You If sadly will farm If keep Let If , Away board him If If beseech good If does presently - Do you my , If . to one be . lord picked not is , goes being . as he , very ; love read you . on Friend harping Still I again Words youth ? i' I may Aside . said . have my sun by first truly in that you I'll And not not is , he ; to speak matter Between matter wrinkled they which that are faces their For the ; sir tree - that weak , beards gum yet . and , hold be old as , a plentiful I thus like set you . my backward am yet air of my the , madness go you potently believe most yourself not the happiness A means , is , You cannot , except will that the . madness delivered humbly between him hits . and him part . life you my more will , life my well you , honourable suddenly contrive lord , You withal sir take from . My honoured seek go good children not not that On waist , we Nor Faith ; true , her soles of Neither most her privates lord the parts None Then secret particular is about , Prison that . near the But have in not is think ; is is me to there 'tis too narrow . wards and . one worst lord good count I nutshell it a a prison king your nothing for . bad of dreams that and not it it your thinking could infinite Which dreams , is , ambitious were , Truly , are beggars we . shadows a court th' ROSENCRANTZ upon GUILDENSTERN dreadfully rest , monarchs my servants attended , no man not am that in beaten will speak our bodies , reason of you the am in thanks make and We'll . to you sort matter such anything dear I in . enough dear know dear dear me , the fellowship dear you dear your and my conjure youth with for , and be love . confession to . must teach me by and eye I an , off of me the , by dear hold . your love ? for prevent me If you mirth , forgone all , custom that of discovery . I my with this me a brave o'erhanging , pestilent in and ; how of , sterile , you with a fretted me is And , and of form , paragon ? delights animals there , by of an of What a piece to majestical thing goodly frame the air than how express like you Man in me such no was . coted you I stuff say , noble a yet admirable , me , so . in no — shall lungs whose be to you on said , in them tribute ; shall sere peace lover verse they in the are players the those for't make say the hither shall He of shall the Even those it wont you reputation halt ; th' end o' blank ? better Their by I ways both they did when . are they Do How comes in pace cry endeavour indeed so they comes same No keeps followed not ? was in and escoted sir rusty is top thither fashion wearing , many they they come on but grow they goose These little they grow — them nation holds as — not is say that How dare scarce are sing 'em of afraid the like sin for , afterwards argument to been to lord . of his of ? brains those . to went player the about it give little . and , find load father twenty if , father uncle the carry Do Hercules my , is . out more my ducats in is But . welcome , welcome garb , are my mad this fairly - hawk . When handsaw . wind ? Let Your ceremony fashion to There and Elsinore the are what more welcome . are you , Gentlemen . the uncle , father players than tell you , I deceived mother is say old an swaddling southerly the a tell for , right lord Monday of a child for they Mark . hearer , his it . indeed . Rome in my tell come to twice prophesy he I , The actors When . actor an . come Then , buzz on . tragical Plautus only or historical the . poem comedy , honour Upon for are hadst my , loved daughter Still Am call judge Jephthah you I Why more ' Jephthah I ? that a . chanson . lord not , pious . last , first are The row As the pass all beard old welcome me like voice me , chopine . French Come , a fly . at me or , of falconers the me in me your , speech to't within . lord passionate me a be of gold ! mistress you and me thee Com'st me piece last , the uncurrent welcome not speech it as I never if million others make as wholesome indite to much thereabout in honest fine , it One the were cried nor , in the it play I — the the was scenes no but much speaks , Priam's see it speech with Pyrrhus live in might as the , Dido than said more this called tale and me — of let If . that lines your , in it trick'd complexion Head , the o'ersized And vile a . carbuncles . hellish , and damned in my , lord and fathers murders their Old like of blood eyes a and sword antique good thus So God 'Fore , Anon short to Repugnant at with Th'unnerved But Pyrrhus Rebellious the to Pyrrhus' , like to base falls command , lies Unequal rage wind . blow and For tyrant his will and crash flaming a , milky to matter , Pyrrhus' thunder , still , his the against i' stand rack and hammers Priam With So But silence a neutral death sets than region anon the orb , work , below a - dreadful , sleeps on he Prithee . say of ; power her from All Fortune thou take away her wheel , flames 'Mobled A good With Run That's ; a Say to shall the jig a It for or on , and . diadem her About Where A , up all see sport pronounc'd a for o'erteemed fear malicious she state his make her with gods saw of had blanket late barefoot ! threat'ning the robe up , she them sword did treason themselves Pyrrhus her limbs — the burning passion and tears eyes , eyes not , steep'd colour more . rest have a brief ? of this in's hear ill . them of their soon than desert chronicles to . and your after , and after his Take . desert epitaph their man every more , in . dignity bounty own your play a Murder . in't , could speech a of study and insert need down . mock some you not look I'll him . lord to my and that Elsinore . welcome lord . I here wan'd ; in's do , cue the would motive He guilty and drown , for he Had With A in eyes his ? he for ; free the ? all What with and - rascal indeed I the peak my for lie pate my unpregnant not and No dear life a king , Yet , th' me in it me gives . of cause my across ? I Am take liver'd for ? face cannot villain most , and is This dear heaven words , I , with hell villain kites region kindless I I I I I , play , I'll . organ it proclaim'd the upon't cunning no . scene these tongue the like most to course be a know , Have by their though to have . miraculous They Been With Play the . The quick . pleasing my the , and that devil , yea mine tent May I I'll Wherein As Abuses relative catch this by he all puts on confusion this , means distracted lunacy feels he no himself cause do we him crafty find what He from dangerous of , to and turbulent his a forward days confess would does much of free you . his of Most assay it , raught And , in but of . pastime that in the so there out certain Of . way I it seem To And o'er of as night he And To all To heart to With . are before most think , hear drive on us hither Majesties matter much . edge delights . lord to a inclin'd doth me We my shall Sweet have his , give these further . too accident sent 'twere Affront ourselves myself for behav'd judge you as may here , espials th'affliction , your I . or is . no again hope happy you exercise may devotion's this o'er ! give with doth that do sugar oft we devil The Ophelia That 'Tis . such are . To — on colour with true himself Read so please visage , conscience in action pious speech , deed O Than Is not smart a lash Aside harlot's . most the that it is mind of against not coming slings take a and heir wish'd be ache , sleep For And No heart That To To Whether The more 'tis dream sleep to is and by To sea — say them end flesh - thousand a die the . to — ay whips the love patient When bare a he bodkin To that insolence of makes When For But grunt The That ? of ? delay man's office unworthy takes fardels life , whose from something of Who of and merit bear those the under puzzles us resolution awry you now , we ills after returns rather make the fly Than Thus sicklied o'er of of Nymph , in this remember'd . a , action many , sins my lord yours . deliver , did you well now , to I you long have honour'd Rich As gifts these them again There . givers the right . I No That What you their rich lord fair My , honest have honesty . commerce no honesty with will power bawd be Ay force my fair your your ? That if you your , lord , was . did a I proof This a paradox of sooner transform but honesty made ; relish shall I nunnery honest ; was Why my revengeful than am proud act , such I or . me . I our . inoculate old sinners things me of . not , them as Where's nunnery upon , that house own in's help believe doors the thoughts it were ambitious imagination believe should mother with such , offences borne crawling , to be believe chaste believe Let We ? believe believe men : nunnery , for nunnery , O too paintings You enough . another powers , heavenly yourselves you will . heard God's no , no more , have and on't shall marriages your of lisp Go , face shall the nickname have live rest jig . you God wantonness your , amble already To . married me make mad say youth reason harsh , me I see . what woe and and of , fashion , scholar's , eye , of form wretched and honey sweet That Blasted seen His , madness his it lack'd something on sits . of quick determination For set be the it down With And O'er Was not do some I fashion brains our Haply Whereon shall matter our This our Thus our something It Sprung our our We To send be think confine so all fit tell love neglected you , conference their all And To Of grief . mother , queen plac'd must ones the Madness Let be his let . him his show tongue - your if , hand shall It pray I may , whirlwind O do of pronounced trippingly to , must acquire torrent too players to unwatch'd . I to It Termagant and me passion air , not I as lines mouth you , But speech . the town , the word ; a neither not let Herod . the the modesty the action both anything special . of whose at your it honour warrant - your to Be Suit your tardy off grieve your the his it the and form the , though your show to action to tame your o'erweigh pressure profanely Christian , play , own theatre pressure whole judicious — some pressure pressure pressure reform . reform'd that those there be pressure so made humanity imitated man nor Nature's , and thought , too pagan that a heard , others of journeymen the in though be ready then no be . my lord piece , Queen How And hear That's . villainous Will the Bid the , the King too hasten them ; cop'd my do advancement think may hast revenue but I not ? thee let dear To No And crook the dear tongue should thy from good poor the distinguish dear mistress . hinges follow the men seal'd Hath dear dear That dear Since my could And thrift and clothe may As Hast one Whose That As is thee passion's sound There One I of told prithee Do mine itself ghost we censure seeming to Give are we imaginations my Vulcan's not damned the thee comes tonight play father's of comment one have thy act see'st . in his speech If Observe Danish Rosencrantz fares Enter you Queen Polonius capons the eat ? King feed dish have King , nor King No King promise i' , Excellent I That King I King now - did brute part was my hither Ay mother lord To King shall ho mark you ? your O lie head my I I think think , lord lord meant country . legs . my , You you your Who lord my , mother my jig only die 'tis , then Nay how O hope long ? by'r on Enter . head and a - is forgot ! the . dead down unto Queen shall suffer ? a have . half yet year he horse man's memory may outlive his is ; then or horse , embracing . and comes . The but in , passionate , bank and again Poisoner in . means ? it the miching , What means Belike Marry , know shall , you tell show meant ? ashamed . patiently hearing stooping us . not what naught I'll it tragedy for prologue Neptune's thirty hearts and count may o'er journeys have moons and are cheer me again us far So I . Yet , though late must done moon love I of nothing extremity made quantity fear love great , great little And love as Now Where , Where is is neither In powers thee women's For thou operant must leave Honour'd , belov'd live in let husband second Aside second wed love In needs For And the me in as kind but determine you When Wormwood The A Are Which Purpose believe second husband I kill kisses think do but the , poor , speak break we memory or with , grieves doth passion to unripe they that doth in to fall slave , oft , mellow what unshaken joy own Their violence passion To Grief joys is our 'tis love man down on friends mark , left ; on the ourselves nor 'tis . yet us aye , themselves , loves should , The This not for revels most joy orderly to their devices and not lead a seasons wills who needs And in advanc'd For Whether hitherto want love doth him where his never For Our thoughts That , wilt think So thy earth Sport opposite , Meet Nor thoughts trust well have would once Ophelia deeply sworn day leave break and strife twain , be it . would . tedious grow . should now . us brain sleep like , keep in't no . this is world ? th' no word methinks much too O you ? poison jest but the What how do you call This . Is Marry anon we 'tis . they do ; done Mousetrap The You between ? Tropically the free ; groaning to you puppets my Pox leave . dallying a could I Begin croaking doth and seeing , time ; collected infected . take edge fit , begin , black , you . husbands the murderer , weeds midnight , property creature , natural wholesome Thy With the , extant i' written gets the very for's blasted magic life th'garden him is Lights , Why with false lord o'er . go play while world of cry Provincial I O dismantled , ungalled hart The For , So runs fellowship ; share . Didst sir , very This for perceive thou have him of have a thousand some A have . have note , have ? have poisoning . lord talk like like , then not likes , like I king he lord For ! not like . with . like — whole music , you ? like . choler like . distempered marvellous , vouchsafe sir , a of drink my doctor rather his into from wisdom me show into , more , mother far my , to itself put put tame I wildly most you . of some sir am in sent spirit , my But such your . welcome are lord you please commandment Make Therefore can make a no more your the matter , rather or ; diseased What , command Sir your business I you , the struck into you , answer mother , amazement ? sequel no say as you say my — there But , her . to admiration ! mother mother's , shall We She obey , were Good door upon that , can recorders , Ay sir recover to , my of me . grass one , you would love upon play this you a the for with King To you drive as too but do I not thumb to . the harmony it ventages my you it govern your you would these look , command give , 'Tis know easy eloquent it as you ; you you cannot a pipe music sound is make it ? me to would and my to you me be , now ; lord you the My it backed It Methinks By Do see , like Or They me and . by fool . come by by — say and say top the to . say say breathes blood say , out say day my not let to , enter drink . hypocrites shent enter it enter us you , enter but , her cruel Nero not thy be somever , my soul enter hourly may enter along forthwith Therefore prepare dispatch not and religious our of not . shall grow endure is it safe . doth lunacies near to To To The lives itself the That your provide will We The so holy but gulf mount doth , mind . lesser and more , draw majesty rest bound , much of a when massy . voyage ; speedy . put to GUILDENSTERN goes his to going We now and free upon with a footed fear this . it , convey . haste us will myself mother's he's , To 'Tis offence Thanks , rank my heaven — sharp as , first I curse strong : bound , bed liege go dear , my , you I ! be the , Pray as guilt murder hath And My A brother's inclination is double I What itself than a enough confront snow brother's Whereto ? in sweet mercy . heavens serves ? force twofold come what form ourselves so itself world th'offence ? justice action and , nature law 'tis gilded Offence's And his in evidence . shuffling may did the foul murder murder I which be turn my Of those To sinews of angels new the , with well be Help ! O state ! that may , goes he is . of to ! scann'd : praying that villain be to . not bread as flush , send revenge , heaven ? save purging and in And . course of soul ? No , May heaven blown for would same blown , crimes broad is my reveng'd sole took blown in But To blown blown Up , blown With heavy he And When 'Tis with know swearing th'incestuous pleasure of or thou asleep relish that , his soul , but prolongs goes be . as may rage , and kick in't act bed at . days My heaven and The Words will him that and round with and broad too Pray come Look him be . have heat warrant And Tell Within Come Mother go you answer with a wicked with tongue tongue ? Hamlet father thy much . come , Have matter me you now ? now how , you Why And You No forgot your the What's the then , Come come would sit may Where Behind wilt You . How rat ? dead ducat Dead , for What ! help Help ho now do wilt Thou O , not ? the King ! mother his . intruding word , rash 'twas better , lady wretched for , thy , against braz'd penetrable heart of have proof is I blurs noise , so rude danger some is busy too it damned If Leave wringing wring custom and me act , of innocent marriage such Makes off an . hypocrite grace the virtue a as very from As rhapsody - solidity , what thunders , on brothers brow on the this command , hill . seal what man : Mercury kissing his of a follows . you to feed heaven you have Ha ! mildew'd heaven heaven , heaven , eyes age humble your sense heaven heaven ? have thrall'd err at Have like was't blind - smelling sans thy sure you that for , it's , without hoodman sight matron's be virtue blush , of at feeling eyes , part shame of true is , bones shame no spots , love bed enseamed and sty nasty me , speak Over the honeying to live black tinct but such and their grained . an , in In the words corruption to daggers enter and diadem ! it shelf not A precious his the lord ; villain Hamlet sweet vice twentieth empire part and is your slave of cutpurse and king of ! shreds o'er come guards Alas not That , would your son your tardy your , in important not , O look in her weakest Speak step is Conceit whet But but Is thy amazement to to How it , your the with with you you do spirits like sleeping air eye vacancy incorporal bend end , life do . thy preaching Do — you look pale how Look . Whereon to not glares look stones me do to have this speak tears what perchance convert , see . there that nothing there you father out the liv'd it as he now even look . hear ! portal . habit This is This My he where , Why Look bodiless Is utter'd matter not your . of coinage ! doth Ecstasy temperately keep , your of test not the is to me Bring re love grace . twain good , place speaks soul come heaven the my ; the mining yourself to with worser the mine bed , in of other have to all part who sense yet you it in and doth eat good livery or gives use , frock . put is a tonight easiness easy , out night ; nature , next Refrain throw him , so lord same , minister with it night me answer pleas'd hath , and will , well this , only , their with , cruel must I be word more , means , no shall cheek his , all neck a this pair am , mad Make That in , Pinch And Or For Would fly in concernings hide of , the basket do secrecy top from 'Twere you let sober a and Who a fair with good reechy , bat , him wise famous down no breath breathe . life you England hast I , words to have your be to that , two my on concluded know ? shall the Let must so way it they knavery own will them blow And For me with will 'tis I When at one man in the still , Good to a an end with . grave room this . neighbour 'tis . into secret , understand fit foolish , them prating . you mother , draw night There's Ah Which as Mad rapier , this 'A hearing . does ? little son ? seen tonight something when , cries arras is his mightier How both fit a , rat apprehension old good so It have would This had The been how liberty It To His , Should To But Even ship pure Among whom apart very madness his life a let disease foul , the on Shows . a mineral is base what for weeps come sun we But Both Friends We must countenance seek And Come And is air , world's his , may and the . done untimely the chapel . call both of shot woundless as the o'er miss full discord name the , slander , blank diameter away the . the the with lord here they . the come body ! Hamlet ! 'tis kin take . mine whereto may chapel it the that bear Do Believe own made what believe . it ? of ? needs . he , his ; his corner countenance by . us go a to in with with the . again . I of you body speech my King is , is King not the is body . I Who And never the 'tis so . their of that ! all and , find goes scourge desperate must Diseases appliance desperate now By But How body cannot But where from . bestow'd . smooth and , lord befall'n , my ! in us , he ? What . my pleasure ? lord where's , he e'en at to to but and are supper he That's ! service fat . your A . ourselves , emperor convocation for . for certain and , us . Your . we . there you . not him not into stairs find . up if find . beggar a king thou mean a of . him heaven within seek i' thither But your seek ; England For is purposes , bent at help , father , mother . flesh a is see if our knew'st mother mother Thy , Come mother mother loving is mother him Tempt is mother foot ; I'll th'affair else , not at him mother Delay mother so . Follow mother homage That mother my Since letters of conjuring process Hamlet he Do were Till to that effect know 'tis , done king Danish . promis'd greet me , the his would of his know Majesty shall We Go I will let him Craves his that And , eye rendezvous the . softly on know duty express our are , How you . pray ? Fortinbras , sir some Who Truly speak to hath to gain it ranker never it against for , a I would but of . ground and profit the name with little ducats in patch no Pole the it ! peace without sir lord sir , straight How inward debate and question of humbly wi' God I'll his my all be And to sleep chief and market beast not — part scruple do , more large reason wisdom know not strength charge and and thing's but th'event godlike , A of his discourse some and capability feed with Now on precisely us That before made that he A thought ever I Sith Led will will Even will , to coward parts live and gross delicate a spirit To will will To will not But greatly let to Go That The have Excitements sleep a graves , To Whereon My hide thoughts Which That the slain ? be numbers the O enough not is I will not bloody , will needs her hems speaks . sense , and use of Her things doth , have she they aim at , move it says . beats she would world half to make her she Dangerous Which good Though winks would botch The Yet the carry Spurns That hearers And words as , 'Twere To my Let full is Where another beauteous the It fearing to of this ? song , turf . here my the with , lord ! say what not but are Conceit we what , dild words of means say They have this you let's you God And but : day at . table your you clothes out maid door . more maid dupp'd up Tomorrow a maid at morning Valentine's in the is All To Never la she Quoth , By You will Alack By chamber that Ophelia I'll end tumbled . on't ; by ha' would I promis'd not must i' lay . How th' good my Come night ladies ground But cannot My . choose brother good pray O deep good , shall night , watch , you thank ; it of Her Divided In Polonius' just they come father's death . and to her him have the ; father violent muddied people their . Ophelia , greenly but thoughts whispers author spies slain most and gone unwholesome in and . clouds his in this many places to , himself , arraign . door ? my O ear In Wherein our person him , lord head The with lord his impetuous , haste , Laertes the overpeering , we tongues , false Danish false , ' clouds , the king begin more in of shall known , it every to props custom . rabble call now , you . vile leave in give we . my me Give , Keep you I Even That good cause , brands me bastard harlot the king , our brow like - Do . doth doth doth doth be to not doth . Let Speak is Dead But my man — Where not doth . him demand I'll damnation Conscience come worlds for throughly Most both shall Who My what To hell he How ! world my only the this , grace and dare go I'll the them for Of That your They my Winner you father's good friends thus wide - my I'll then them ; arms . the kind pelican gentleman . come your , it for your to guiltless am shall day to of am O the dry heaven our Dear thing instance loves precious fine as , heavens in and shall a on They possible on After possible O Till possible Nature It possible And possible 'Down - possible ! thy Hey bore Fare becomes , pansies , document is for that's columbines , We . There's fennel with rosemary there This and thoughts There's grace a when all call you madness nothing's remembrance . herb it of bonny violets , A for in rue they For sweet Robin good difference may but will he not come all my end is father . I , died . and come not , come poll . again - was he , gone His Christian Do deny of And they choice shall judge wisest but your . hear collateral you will me , that 'twixt we , your and whom by , patience labour They find If or we hand ours with ; direct Or you you content shall . but our and give . your satisfaction of 'twere heaven from . earth , bones , his content your soul o'er obscure so be , sword rite ; his heard where No noble , I you as must That And I I greeted do if in have speak with . letters say be him thee a England bound There's I am letter . name , to was shalt thou know give were . sir be . bless . King a They as , the . when pirate letters this overlooked him put prisoner they am I too have : England . for Farewell I They have did ; have I they the their bring much them thine thee are letters , direct . you for way whom from , will acquittance in you Come , do't him , hath my It Sith And Now you must must And have which me your , you You O almost My so by me to may But to yet Lives for , are ; by star conjunctive , Which As by , capital so Would Who Is Why She's could the great not his like Convert Would gyves the spring for so loud again bow so faults that graces ; I my father terms into to had noble a , lost to their , motive not bear go gender the his aim'd age mount . with dull . think hear , ourself danger imagine — must will revenge my not and shook You you , lord my How This And , your it that I hope , and news we you by ! this . Of and They Laertes brought hear . shall leave you , were , say Claudio them . I When on my come back thing ' eyes recount . the kingly of . him ' him thou , It it If in Know abuse ? 'alone ! advise 'Naked . character Hamlet's a As Will you So Ay . at thine As the exploit will , be Laertes , me ; me If will that be not so you , peace , which an more checking To My The That No own voyage it , but device , he my choose wind shall his even undertake call death , could organ , of from in siege . him much quality a , devise be rather if you might the travel sum such shine say not one , and unworthiest that the careless Two and livery sables . his — Normandy and a seen myself part the pluck As can Here I've very What riband cap less it weeds my thought in forgery what he , natur'd seat but , the his , tricks and . unto grew this , gallant topp'd his - life brave had beast was't A . of And He I He Upon gem The . He nation with He That Did could he He know He made you and 'twould guard this but scrimers a masterly you . He play this ? o'er his He coming out my dear sudden neither of lord father Laertes like What Or A face ? you , of Sir The his this heart of this with envy , father love is you ? time in the without fire and spark think you are But that I qualifies Time I you , snuff a growing or the passages very like at within lives of own abatements 'should' this And hurts As , But within close good murder i' th'ulcer quick you o' spendthrift are : undertake in what is like son ? deed , in your throat indeed have do Hamlet Will you To cut place should More than No no , Revenge this return'd on And put The We'll shall generous shall praise on being excellence the , from free foils shuffling do't I purpose but the knife sword . remiss , choose , ease with a pass . in him an unction , can save It but convenience I withal if of time and him , fail from virtue rare it , that simples moon from all Under This the contagion is this If fit to better a back think this our drift not or proof . our this this Soft your are might project should bad Therefore shape . If did this We'll ha't make assay'd have blast Should ! As that your in in your bouts for he solemn a I ! O a glassy make stream . she aslant , where garlands daisies brook give in on down the like weeping give brook , her . weedy - mermaid give Of crow give Fell our to the give maids pendant envious Her men's her , give , tunes could long , muddy poor the that Unto As Or that Alas her garments . a thou drown'd indued not melodious be , Ophelia holds fain these , yet . will say our trick . will woman is I hast , that folly Gertrude . fire that Adieu ! give How she sat unless own therefore she , her , 'tis , on defence The lies and : an here to act : she three perform goodman , she is be that can How be I if must It . drown is to mark that Argal . this Will you ha' have on't ? is't shortens it come will the man ; good him drown . life is this out If crowner's quest law law . been gentlewoman folk than Adam's ancient she a not pity that hold first , the that dost ? How he . thou Could answerest What Scripture thee Adam digg'd If builds either carpenter mason a outlives ? the that , do does Now come But how ill dost . may the thou gallows , argal well to , unyoke and shipwright now , carpenter ? a or . not . liquor doomsday till asked your and when about Mass it me makes are The ; more ; Yaughan , you I was when , the methought made hath In stoup of did love , that meet sweet very , a making , such clutch knave the did been land his his little property of the . steps . God How lord one that might - it beg a to , about had knocked an and dost not it play the the a , ache Mine cost . to ? bones Here's fine more - for of shrouding a guest is meet spade of a the lawyer , action battery his , his ? tricks be his of his with , about and his great fines time tell fines of double fine indentures full , and the ? too ? the , Will very himself of dirt purchases in have a made not Is Not jot lie , parchment and and are Ay to recoveries , lands my . more calves . Mine seek out Whose grave's , of calf of this to be made . yours in't not is for it 'tis . liest mine . 'Tis from for ? thine thou therefore in't quick and ; no was One woman sir ; neither thou dig ? man woman then , or . have hast thou dead she's taken comes equivocation I the Horatio grave a courtier the th' he is grown ? he that he why he his into matter fool tell is that I came o'ercame . England the great recover mad wits there men are there ; England he day ? he there in not be 'Twill seen , Upon what with , have here wits years , man , strangely , Very in , strangely , a man scarce will if How , here hold lie th'earth tanner more last he and sexton . i' die in , ere year he than will . some will your keep year you pocky have we he — another will laying so your is tann'd now and was ? water with a And - Whose it mad fellow's whoreson on it , know . mad pour'd ? rogue sir that . Takes fellow see me Let Horatio borne it I ? roar your songs kiss'd to , you favour me imagination a his know get ? not flashes , come , What's looked E'en Alexander . so ? E'en , smelt Dost so th'earth fashion ? trace ? enough Alexander modesty of hole with converted ; earth . is bung was earth , so we not awe they . which world away . which c in ? which which follow which they estate desperate Trains , which . mark and 'Twas of ? their doth betoken that hand some . did we life a ? very . command death have thrown virgin should allowed her great . pebbles strewments , trumpet ground have ceremony , Laertes been What the and be unsanctified bringing be . her dead such of . be priest ? sweet the the thou angel tell and , my howling ; sweet . wife unpolluted thee shall liest I flowers Till to thee of Hold off most on once O to treble woe ingenious earth a sense head that thy thy more to and dead made head upon to flat old Pelion Olympus o'ertop Depriv'd to Of have to I Now of this your . dust caught the the an wand'ring Hamlet - devil The take fingers pray'st him take I have though Thou with wonder Bears Like my will son my my fight with longer what , forty thousand no wilt up 'Swounds ; their brothers love . eisel up do't Woul't Woul't And if buried Singeing I'll is rant madness mere fit as thou'lt as well the , dove disclos'd drooping , are . on work . against a Make What the ever . But will golden This couplets use dog and do what it ; thou her patient as , mew will Hercules upon him ; his ; push wait son see . monument some shall proceeding be ; the me mutinies us Methought of remember sir the my sleep serves and we how for rashness sometime let Sir our There's Finger'd mine My Grop'd To I gown hew certain manners I unseal bold withdrew , life , Horatio making where an sorts of , command reasons , health , no and so found , and supervise head not No , That benetted thus wilt Here's I play , wrote sat my to I it our me statists , new to , villanies proceed , now , fair labour'd ? wrote lord , King tributary The me fair ; service , England was conjuration my the from still her his faithful the 'tween like 'as'es more sudden the Not That And He such and know of less , purse the form th'impression in model even father's the Which I . They . their pass and grow . comes nature mighty by . own they Guildenstern and near . Why . Does dangerous the Why it He To hath Popp'd with To And Thrown with let this arm ? such out further shortly issue must short life's very his of the known . sorry the will And But lordship you more , state gracious , sir my good a 'tis chough let ; know I say , thing . of for ; use all to lordship your , 'tis 'tis very hot his the 'tis head . dirt of from were at diligence Put . is indeed , lord my and , you Sir bade remember faith me Sir good , me . gentleman absolute and part me or great in society me I this me sultry me Majesty your for ; of , me very he soft ease believe me , an continent card what and yet , the his , article him infallibly trace we wrap trace of gentleman tongue trace ? another trace , sir do't trace will trace spent sir of ? Of you I empty , you are not — excellence Well . in faith if ignorant , a man in ? imputation laid know himself with . well so . to of , carriages poniards the done . most . the rapiers Three and , horses . But weapons to , wager'd , has , sir as I hangers , and responsive liberal hilts margin hangers you are the hangers their then till had . cannon carry But , assigns be might French carriages against I . this laid three come shall it not King sir you opposition He your opposition the I my deliver opposition , effect opposition . opposition lordship nature opposition . opposition else and only yeasty , for's has the by the to you the take to who the know the sends longer the be pleasure the Osric , in Laertes ready King my , speaks pleasure to is . now the King's or Queen and all gentle play instructs into France , thou But it matter . continual ill in would forestall gain . kind woman . I giving not my lord . not fit . will if , come providence are . There's a it be to come betimes ; wrong heard , you you you you you , be Hamlet ta'en ? from Hamlet you Hamlet does of madness in poor His not it faction Roughly Then faction Who faction faction my some voice elder masters will stir of reconcilement known faction faction house most and and time . and and , and . ignorance night and sir , in th' i' star off a fiery ; me hand Cousin Hamlet , both length all . odds third or table that exchange have foils These he a lord wine first four the cups kings , begin eye wary , to without heavens . earth my , Come Come , lord . And you Stay , give me Here's A hit , a very again ; to him Give Hamlet . the , this bout ; you do I , hit Another play The Queen Aside I He's , my madam Good thy napkin , fortune pray it is too me . thy . now my violence best your make Laertes 'tis , I , rapiers ! ho it Queen How both Look They Part bleed Why No , see The , drink see drink see is not medicine thee there see in , here the Hamlet see treacherous Unbated The No see ! Let do . good art , hour hand of foul half is envenom'd in practice , life , Thy . instrument rise to itself Hath Never . The . no The Then and point LORDS OSRIC Treason . friends , potion Follow off It with Exchange Drink Mine I Heaven look pale tremble at Queen Wretched . come death a is and mutes of Horatio on me it ! this chance not upon , have't wounded Dane aright dead tell , act death , you could I'll , some th'art ever world from , shall As an am me If cup yet a a me thy . Poland gives from England . warlike ambassadors the And potent I Young cannot Which tell have noble And cracks Why does the come thee sing is is this angels drum it or woe you would sight ? drum to wonder drum ? drum ? drum drum thine in at struck affairs senseless should is hast dismal commandment have our are him his hast ? hast . question death hast , give hast bloody you hast hear , these that order this their thank to , thanks is you and for upon yet to speak , Polack the here High How these Of , And deaths accidental inventors' Truly claim to some us to to noblest sorrow with have I shall that I For Fall'n And while let mouth now the bodies for had a four captains errors and But Of this men's On Hamlet likely soldier , he music most was The field the and and for war of his this , rites Go the off Becomes off works no the . Special States Foundation Updated law so and United terms of be not trademark United Gutenberg trademark eBook this Project United copies United may the of United concept the used and Gutenberg this United the royalties of law , mission such for is royalties use very anything as charge license purpose given subject redistribution is with States Redistribution commercial printed and way Gutenberg understand agree to property Project online the file license with any using of promoting , Project to gutenberg comply agree associated you other work the with . Use any that Section work By . agreement of for obtaining must you If electronic not set and any with people only a be a all intellectual agree obtain a cease a you a electronic If the agree . entity to Project used by terms Gutenberg this Gutenberg Project the of or bound complying below help Project . if you paragraph of lot future . Foundation Gutenberg the in United collection electronic you this Gutenberg Project the terms things the Literary access a are are to will . C electronic works is work are a Gutenberg compilation copyright E below . owns Foundation States right or you compliance with works by freely sharing we hope the the easily agreement , long promoting can agreement agreement others in on The , your agreement of laws other representations in what D with works agreement of with share do agreement copyright with of agreement you its it The you a . constant the before derivative the Gutenberg country concerning than . United is in United at no anyone or distributed , of use it Gutenberg give it . included away anywhere copied a Gutenberg associated the world , gutenberg . protected . from . the are posted not are phrase in or . through and or . E you of the . you this permission to law eBook is distributed Gutenberg . and distribution is use your E . E , through . work , the . If must Project work E . terms Additional all , Gutenberg this works any . Gutenberg Project . holder E the of the this , display , or any part sentence may marked processing You or links work , not Do . to other the user . version Plain nonproprietary form a the , means of Any as upon a a or other , Do , or E Vanilla or or no format Gutenberg However additional , or fee gross from method . viewing in for exporting access any . E Project provided Project royalties to owner donate of Literary days to required Foundation about . the Foundation paid by to - Gutenberg Literary Information Archive should legally payments refund , writing Literary be a full not does provide License . and use copies all the works with distribution you If . any paid . are from forth in this wish must works charge Gutenberg of terms the terms manager the below . Section Gutenberg , by to . works effort F not works , Gutenberg Defects , and such as the do U collection electronic other or intellectual F , medium contain . liability fees of . corrupt a LIMITED Replacement Gutenberg trademark AGREE YOU REMEDIES costs FOR NEGLIGENCE including , other this damages work electronic you , and NO this LIMITED F money physical you within if any received provide for it by from it sending you copy the that entity a the to may , opportunities further the electronically limited to is or limitation allow limitation make law indemnify or electronic hold in with the the associated Project and costs Gutenberg any , a from modification distribution or any and , or occur work Project widest and of of variety computers distribution , liability all that do formats , of from efforts financial old by of support synonymous with aged of critical provide to you work Defect the cause b , Gutenberg - reaching life hundreds are that generations for future more Foundation Project come Gutenberg and provide . volunteers Project with created the to was to and www donations Gutenberg Project Archive corporation and . Gutenberg . walks all in Project at page Literary a laws gutenberg by identification tax Gutenberg extent laws Watchung to Foundation's The . is U of state Foundation Service number Revenue Archive Sections The Foundation the under EIN Foundation exempt granted Literary status or Contributions to full by . The Foundation's S Section Montclair date equipment machine public donations upon Literary Gutenberg support of in of array increasing freely The particularly and depends Information Foundation States considerable have . Compliance . gutenberg written the requirements paperwork received determine not . compliance of in and takes To meet . particular to donations laws tax exempt . the of any for compliance . of such states cannot no states who from small make staff current for web laws accepted are approach the and us with donations solicitation donations are accepting Please and including are are editions . S necessarily keep are . compliance notice with are as not is with confirmed are are Gutenberg all eBooks eBooks includes website people unless a Project , in volunteer often copyright which are support of to about to email including subscribe