now struck . most 'Tis For twelve You Not a , good . haste ? is there night ! Holla O what Barnardo , Say . thing 'tis , seen along of him fantasy hold , our take twice him of have sight come of let . ears story , not nights two , pole . our . this , of night Last down , westward , of , that's dead the fear . Horatio , it to ? off Look thee figure art a . where like scholar It not Mark me ; harrows . Together In What which art Most like that thou Did sometimes ! Before ! my sensible not ! this think something Horatio , might fantasy ! will ! What , true ! Such ! When like mine I and to : King ice . hour dead by our know of this I to , the he , he once in the down this And mart Good now In what This But particular sit bodes some same toils the tell eruption , and and most observant of of from whose land , that watch ; us to appear'd so ; emulate which most valiant , Norway of , last Our seal'd esteem'd world a heraldry lands can That the even whisper is't , as on , by in but , Thereto the image know prick'd this Fortinbras of ; a by you Dar'd For Did slay of the ; Hamlet And Now vanquisher . list and stomach it As That For Shark'd of Norway , diet lawless to of . lost Is source of haste watch in the land take it , other head chief foresaid and our , our state , and rummage but e'en preparations be was A squeak ere tenantless little In Upon trains gibber fire and Neptune's to sick prologue the and empire star ; dews of still precurse the climatures to doomsday with Roman state and mightiest palmy the mind's , streets , demonstrated comes illusion ! use blast Stay , of , done to country's may , in ! walk Stay . it of in thy the hast O happily thou in of fate me or do be there thou any If Shall Do with speak earth ! oft and ! if Stop We I For It blows malicious of violence invulnerable a to vain as wrong it is our guilty have I speak , a mockery the crew , show , when . to like - and , fire of with And the . that god in his present Th'extravagant This and ; trumpet is and at in of made 'gainst ever of the . long abroad , charm strike celebrated erring warning , herein . probation spirit crowing , stir all then Some The say Saviour's no gracious and the our , No fairy takes in high my hill . conveniently this duty know morning and ? life my will acquaint us to loves fitting our , him our ourselves fought sorrow sister this now defeated a warlike , one with of and and delight , in hearts contracted sometime we one to affair , that follows this Now not by He With To fail'd father hath Colleagued of bonds with us to the brother surrender Importing Lost Now Thus Of further gait his nephew's The Who our Our Or is is is is is is You For with Giving business Of and the these let CORNELIUS all Farewell We now , of speak of wouldst , to the thy not to the Denmark thou have return came France ; and Polonius ? pardon , France , slow kind on the and at it Hamlet cousin little . so Not How A And now my , And let common 'tis for Do thine Seek Ay Hamlet eye for noble , look thy nighted friend vailed the is common to all madam If not thy , thee , Denmark , with I particular be it so it inky suits suspiration haviour nor Nor Nor 'Tis not customary Nay is cloak of moods that These of the duties your , condolement . in sorrow obstinate obsequious lost in , a An A in know any in in it to in A For what As Why the fathers ? heart Take death must Is , As , From be so ; for immediate let bears father you impart I Than It , And Here going most , thy in is In , which back the For , retrograde in to of you go obey . prayers lose a gentle This as , smiling in my ourself 'tis No Sits the But to great to thunder the cannon - King's Re and resolve too Everlasting self Thaw this rouse jocund clouds shall away again , today . flesh not God world in nature ! gross ! not two O ! had flat uses ! things That . it Fie , all seed ! on't weary to to fie the - stale a satyr too ? increase if I Visit remember her roughly loving winds grown within , on't As face might dead merely — not Why he to a ; and hang name is , month a my discourse Why she poor shoes were thy those ere Frailty . would had yet , followed or little month Niobe O A Like Would Than yet nor , not is your , Sir from . lord , I to servant my ever same The And what in faith My what I am I very Against you do truster I . my your funeral your , see it lord , my , We'll make report own are ere . meats . upon hard follow'd me not it thrift Thrift Indeed He lord I upon ; look take him his saw him ? your my King With Upon admiration , of these I , gentlemen hear me Barnardo together nights and dead Marcellus waste In thus Goes their his Within Almost impart with speak jelly length stately before point exactly , by ; the fear : with cap - march , solemn - and A them and , them of These thing the But . each I made knew word not this where it ; did head as , morning I to once crew would speak address , strange our from shrunk it the vanish'd And at And very sound As I do live To let we , And did think it but BARNARDO and Arm'd From head top from not . foot you saw Then , wore his . beaver ? eyes very red Pale What lord yes my he frowningly been constantly amaz'd . I like would , life his saw't . in seen sable have silver'd grizzled was Perchance you father's , should will . as His warrant , tenable have it in hap tonight you all person again , noble hell , tongue ye honour to fare twelve farewell spirit I'll platform loves . mine your you eleven . whatsoever an your else be it Let Till Though earth soul : to visit as loves my . Our father's . you All night not arms still then necessaries My assistant let And For And embark'd Farewell , from you . not , benefit do , me it violet perfume , a , primy blood ; in nature lasting ; more but ? No more . so in , a and the trifling a minute sweet Hold A The of greatness ; besmirch you loves Perhaps to himself , is subject will his ; he of bulk nature Grows And virtue The Carve that body ; is his state loves he to is . persons whole goes chaste sustain which act ; you Denmark loss saying head sanctity and fits As the main voice , credent what he of be if far ear or your your deed your the May The Fear Contagious , though good But good in of disclos'd : spring . moon . are desire danger is the shot are her to the of to . none brother , are his recks not are ungracious my like primrose path thorny are and blastments are to best safety do my fear . are lesson way pastors are this heart as me watchman Do Show the steep And own , fear here is me double A Yet too Occasion here The Those But Grapple do new entrance Give every man hatch'd dull thy hast thou Look And you are stay'd for . Bear't them any friends Be thou Take For in Neither they not the express'd a apparel habit But Are And This And above borrowing : the borrower and be that chief be lender a loses dulls Thou I blessing must not do my canst it : Farewell invites my servants my well your , to and you of lock'd , have So please you hath very ; bethought and free you and put late yourself bounteous you honour , understand my of way so Given 'Tis of If As you it Have be behoves between is , my you not do You it daughter ? of affection You , circumstance you like Of ! Pooh my have Unsifted lord , as green , with go go to ; of , me tender of true baby ; lord . is , prodigal burns to their more Even You Believe Set command a with And a so Breathing The not But of unholy investments , may their few for implorators dye his believe Not I not given to Have to beguile plain so better Do would bites The obey , charge think I it lacks draws walk to lord ? out rouse , takes Rhenish down bray reels , men attribute of east than ? am it and here observance phrase height , our and tax'd and us vicious oft and birth From our pith in or form by breaking Shall or To or , ministers thou in or Be thee a or Angels wicked Thou thy intents heaven or from of and , That King com'st Bring Why father Look in to Be I with thee dead To Revisit'st , Hath Let will royal thee . such answer shape call ; me I'll . hearsed up With thus horridly beckons it why night So what with if this the of disposition nature follow , Do by no more alone some action removed courteous a to . means be my what do a , life can as itself ? that . again immortal it pin's lord , my cliff , reason the into Think sovereignty some forth Why Being for to there into toys The more so it the toward other of flood thing , what my I'll of , brain the . desperation . my shall off rul'd shall You makes hardy Be Still fate ; not hands thee , lion's Nemean the this . body lets on ghost Unhand that me of I'll not . the what will ? this . obey him it Denmark him come of further ? me . go I'll . no I and up I When Pity , ghost render sulph'rous what I lend poor shall To Alas me young lightest my done thy term to in the What And foul day a the burnt tell tale soul and two thy up the could eyes freeze - am night away that days , confin'd my from to must List O didst and Like of hair unfold harrow I a like each thou hair hair most this foul the , most hair If flesh hair this eternal blazon ; hair wings the to sweep meditation As , strange , and . swift orchard youth my whole on wharf unnatural find shouldst given abus'd serpent forged ; that wears sting thy prophetic of soul Mine O Rankly thou The but , his did Is serpent stir me know , sleeping my , noble gifts and , vow that was . have there gifts , the with virtuous off of gifts even to gifts decline gifts gifts ; it gifts ; mov'd queen gifts heaven angel morning . radiant as natural hand a , air a in in a virtue whose , a a garbage celestial shape link'd a my vial , a pour a crust , did ears in of Holds the With in The And curd Most a sudden with most All , crown in of hand , milk doth So bark'd loathsome brother's . not account incest damned it my to most bear horrible ! be this howsoever But ! thee of let to lodge at near my . sent but , made reckoning O you of ! heaven ? sinews O , host me couple I But bear , and To not to prick Against thy mother aught ; uneffectual . sting , thorns that matin fire be , holds Remember . globe ghost up table and , away books of , I'll Ay And shall this , all all youth thy O , all volume . matter with , O may smile , it , down ! records fond all memory Yes brain by ! Denmark villain , ' . so in . bird . come ? lord . by reveal , in an . lord arrant a ne'er needs my , right that without fit , you us tell lord from come the — lord go , my ; Horatio , is this me is what , friends to ghost too Yes Saint is And Yes , much an O'ermaster't I'm sorry There's It For your are As What Nor , lord faith . swear't not . in sword , Cries boy Indeed We on , Consent hear sayst you thou to stage . in that speak Come , sword . seen lord . cellarage the . have . my . my have my my heard so . my , help so hereafter never I my it , friends , my , shall shake never head or such my , of seeing , phrase your on doubtful - me think you mercy welcome your strange . But . your , your , would' . do help if and your disposition your we need — giving or 'We this giving ; ambiguous mercy giving As Or Or to by giving know' speak' such , Or : Swear . giving most . you , this out giving your to , And giving Rest what , do still That I come , Nay of out The And May your all With Give , wisely . behaviour to . intend did I you Before You this , his marvellous will my . him . Look are well what at do By company and well , Enquire me What in thus That this 'twere know encompassment particular will mark you father distant and , my it but ; take wild heed , and noted please such and , you he's and of none on ; wild go lord fencing ? slips usual known . liberty swearing may To As , Quarrelling Ay or drinking You gaming drabbing , may season another that , must as it in him ; faults liberty ; quaintly . this — blood so of would son working , assur'd — the you breathe you soil'd my Marry believe these a Mark you warrant , 'gentleman' or be sound would crimes ' did — lord , I , sir about to my . to the was he this about say , something , the such him At I , 'I with At closes then , Your 'I falling him , And Or He , There There was or with at a such gaming there : o'ertook such . See not advice out find former you Shall With have have have have have , I have shall . ply ply affrighted ply ? been have was sewing ply in of unbrac'd , ply foul'd ply other , ply , me purport chamber God , ankle stockings in piteous to loosed so look been had a his , he horrors , know not for My , took he hand perusal Long profound , he of eyes me , without , done to so waving turn'd bulk and of stay'd arm down . his without the , love went light his last bended he doors to with seem his thus his being He And it end . shatter all go , lets seek ? mad to his lord I , I That had And not What No quoted am meant seems cast it As lack This I must More which than it ourselves kept the our in as is beyond Come being go to love close jealousy and heed he the we . move might inward it should man be , put utter did to grief The Welcome hasty his father's So Resembles Our cannot of vouchsafe Some That To him as Whether So you young may afflicts so since And , so little from That And adheres he more If much hath and him . you , on , your to time a you , of profit time . two , For the expend so he gentry and us receive much us As by your power majesties king's We both , our give To To obey full freely and Guildenstern feet . gentle Rosencrantz in ourselves service commanded . visit of you . our to instantly and I , Thanks Pleasant practices lord , mine : found . you as or to to feast . main he them great th'ambassadors in found ! friends brother Norway ? him desires sent which of out to preparation a It But Was That was against your better falsely his To so Fortinbras rebuke before from he , age Highness into , greetings he be His Upon Most Say , nephew's our Voltemand To Whereon , sends , found impotence and truly griev'd arrests obeys Majesty fine more never . pass , with crowns arms , against your overcome against those soldiers fee joy annual , thousand three his With And , employ , allowance and down set safety well this - business . give quiet . night day Why limbs be what day soul is outward and Your , Were day My majesty should liege And tediousness to , and the it be is business madam is This but What Mad to be to mad . true mad art less flourishes , all figure , effect remains . remainder is cause . Perpend mine — defect of comes defective the him then of thus , phrase you but vile idol Now . soul's and cause this , mark and . shall , most the gather , 'beautified' surmise is ; thou Doubt Came Doubt sun that love at , This most sun Thine dear . out sun truth fell sun As sun they All But more What a do hath sun in , But dear O most . means this daughter show'd solicitings and place had perceiv'd told man she mine to given how As hot what think think me you prove fain I my had 'Lord is a And No this upon my I When I my Or As would I Or Before dear ? a the your queen or , love play'd look'd you And Hamlet This Which Thence When time very , be such I been That there How the he try it hours were this find otherwise together , may indeed sometimes he an he his I from assistant farm and reason fall'n , then not , love arras We a no and does time . If keep me But Let And Mark such board Away do the sadly , But good poor beseech O , give ? good Lord - are You I Not good good were lord this goes , good , good my I Then my honest my my if my my breed my For her How me . Words , my read , for He on much again was I What matter words , read ? who you that faces . hold which I like set you — it men old of . have a which his and and . you will except willingly daughter sometimes leave and I will my hits that anything lord there ; Hamlet tedious old Fare you well will , me except from take my , go You To save lord honoured dear how , dost lord ? earth ? Guildenstern both lord we are are the over - middle the in her privates , soles we Fortune's Neither about On cap of her not favours ? her a is of . honest . prison friends not grown true she hands ? lord true to Fortune . doomsday Then one think not one being We Denmark's that there are , lord my me for . one 'tis prison wards , dreams bad myself . mind a your bad . good . for count too narrow , a . dream shadow ambition ; for and I of and shadow's a and , my . and , are beggars' Then I , matter to you , no friendship sort ROSENCRANTZ reason GUILDENSTERN For my bodies we in such I the beaten like I , am dear ? To speak justly anything , enough colour . What But I consonancy But , love , even be preserved me to of - by you fellowship you ever , must kind charge . To by and Guildenstern . you prevent no custom of all hold . of my heavily all moult my for of of an eye off Nay , of . I will of wherefore ; What faculties paragon dust the , in form delights smiling apprehension and work your there , an frame and seems , you look and with fretted , express noble to to me And how how how man like no in man the and entertainment tribute lover in part target what service offer foil the ? shall to shall the peace to tragedians to to shall shall to How chances it inhibition means to . in sere ; the reputation and such in , whose laugh mind freely such wont to those for't . such city Their take were such those Even such . when ? such they was in I both the indeed , Do ? How it , are and , most berattle are afraid , keeps little eyases comes children stages they but grow the ? rusty that fashion the scarce many top , question , of thither come and , wearing . them say is it as — writers succession against no they ? 'em to their sides both better than can common possible Is't the do on question about money holds of load , and those King ? brains , Hercules and his forty could find , in picture . if little too . for ; do strange is make is not fifty would , there Gentlemen appurtenance this fairly . garb are but of outward , welcome north - mad north - hawk child Monday tell he My , sir Happily second there Well the prophesy tell actors lord , The best pastoral either law either . in either the Then world , either - either historical comical historical the and cannot writ , either either treasure fair had daughter Aside not Jephthah call me you came of It row first The are good last mistress and thee you piece see heard , such in digested in scenes cried matters But the for . it play speech to't like . straight speech nor remember once a , the play cunning matter loved very savoury one said affectation the judgements , whose the author of and chiefly It Pyrrhus , With heraldry this his lay couched purpose , sable the the did dread he impasted murders o'ersized carbuncles coagulate in wrath , and gore with thus their To That Bak'd eyes like grandsire , finds , Greeks he . lies Unequal match'd where antique , accent . with good at Striking my Anon rage His him short to at But Repugnant too Priam the father whiff to feel base this falls , blow was a Priam Which a reverend as we as A Aroused never On Doth on bowl all synod , on and as to low round In out on Mars's armour , forg'd for on . All bleeding Pyrrhus' than Fortune strumpet on falls Now , thou on Break the on This a good That's up 'Mobled that ? flames head good threat'ning upon a the and stood , and lank , in blanket late With Where the rheum bisson barefoot . and for have treason sword that she , eyes soon this rest bestowed well the — than of . After will well , well death . has he see they the are players better have you man epitaph live use will better Use while abstracts and them report every your is after . Use more merit , friends in . a play you , not lines or old You Follow that To dozen tomorrow night , my friends to . I to visage own here am slave peasant wi' in soul not a force his monstrous rogue and But Ay O Could Make Confound faculties the the cleave I And ear Like John ear ? to For Hecuba should he weep ear That he He the ear motive very And ear the general can Upon calls off me ear - Tweaks by A my me the have bitter , all , or and lack this : it liver'd oppression pigeon am I , as nose me does me this be it should I deep 'Swounds But Ha ! Why Remorseless With I should take , ere kites like a very with , malefactions cunning very it brain , my , Been most something . quick that seen , power grounds spirits I'll The why he harshly all his by can you and But from But we forcing of . demands question Most Did he But with like receive you gentleman a Most free but his to you it seem him fell . I raught on , We as , him already your matter see to play to night there hear And With To gentlemen all Good , shall , we For as 'twere Sweet so father and myself their Ophelia , lawful . unseen , do virtues wish again honours both to To your your Hamlet's That I And Will so him Of his bestow Your We loneliness — here you . such oft to do true give my , Aside much of show Is is coming I The my a more O to cheek not . be To And 'tis arms them in the outrageous to die of troubles , rub come the , may what off ay , sleep time , a thousand to to we mortal natural to dreams there's consummation 'tis To coil respect , would of office dispriz'd merit the ? sweat something a his under dread grunt that whose weary might Who bodkin But With pangs oppressor's wrong , the of life contumely , not us of pale cast moment and great hue pith the native cowards those rather others does thus And And o'er the us No And lose With Is Be honour my remember'd . thy you . orisons now , of we Thus My How lord have have The ; receive I aught . well a day well of re I longed you gave right more these As made wax poor to unkind compos'd you not . sweet their you breath did perfume lost your lordship ? honest ? you , noble the for , be Ha if you , is ; lord ? should means My lord you fair . beauty force than , with time can , did sometime power of I . it likeness . proof lord me shall you for . so not loved it of ; made ? could a me I very such of of old gives but once cannot than or do in ambitious ; my better them ? them to a are arrant I give fellows What that , myself in . indifferent nunnery . home At knaves mother imagination all him house he , your as father us play may . them to more with crawling my that . you , but fool Go ? the lord , Let a fool face too given , made me . too your have ; and , lisp a thou If nunnery as pure as , ice go of , make , and enough , You well restore him . jig ! you amble , of most ladies observers the quite deject and of , form , music vows , mind state , already married mind sword scholar's fashion , mind mould and harsh , see mind , reason fair eye , and quite down , mind , of Th'observ'd mind Now form and tune woe is form little disclose youth , me see do not lack'd something for to England , I what in a it the determination tribute on't thus : expel neglected , doubt do which his shall quick of down have the hatch with our he : in , said Ophelia . play please Lord what . us neglected hold , plac'd Your . But To I'll him . so , send conference or If shall wisdom confine ; shall be not I gently Nor my may beget , town . the tongue your , that mouth as as . many your do in players not it offends torrent saw to go . all trippingly all it of all smoothness whirlwind , all all for the must tear inexplicable avoid all for it . both and , the image , laugh must , which one the others the and feature , to of praise others nor of some play seen Christian , that theatre neither , heard form pressure make it censure the , and accent of that highly Christians and — players in , not that I it allowance the that them speak laugh to most you there play be ambition . work lord piece of ? us sir . no that will them . presently haste make , will We ho What , As e'er not I , Why should fawning ? revenue the pregnant hinges thou nothing suffers For was mistress distinguish for of suffering , one that are stop passion's pipe . for Give I my heart too ay . thee a play my thee , foot a father's the tonight , Something it , is do of Do , It There , One I , when mine very , are rivet seeming him to , as have foul . my I whilst , the Well aught detecting coming to lord . the play must . others , I . will play King Queen Hamlet and you place the . not , actor . th' feed these . Polonius My ? say ? kill'd . me , Come , my lord dear O ! your that lap ? lord lap you lie No shall I , my head you Do What merry Who are Nothing my my I lord , lie between ? do father my . and my ! mother jig maker , Ay , is , looks devil , died I'll a he shall half forgotten a Then But O suffer . my then whose forgot , churches memory man's hobby ! long lady the and lovingly - horse is protestation - head asleep it kisses , her neck of show upon pours him poison King the , Queen . crown his exits , She , Enter a She and must let two months die O . by'r hope with , he on , declines seeing Queen kneels takes woos Poisoner with her seems three finds , in Anon comes in , and fellow , but The in King's ears , unwilling the mischief . body is love loth . of . mallecho argument What means my lord ? means what : to not or For We us hearing , Here naught a our you it meant show not naught I'll tragedy clemency , As woman's brief prologue naught you naught mark play posy ? naught ring your patiently naught to your , beg a hath orbed 'Tis Full thirty salt wash Tellus' sheen ground Phoebus' Hymen sacred and fear you , made or fear . lord love in distrust , late I nothing extremity grows though your are count again woe I us Make But is cheer and , grow fears great , leave Honour'd And , love In Such , Where love , must second second needs My , thou Faith , None wed Aside The second time instances , let kill'd in accurst husband O the be but of I kill treason respects But what we that , second but of . bed in kisses do But when they mellow , purpose debt . joy we to doth of passion The Where What Grief , is Of like fall pay to necessary birth either themselves ; be . change , aye aye lament 'tis fortunes to lack never makes you aye question 'tis Our And needs aye end I doth begun so none are second husband wed , aye their thou think And For aye great and devices fates where overthrown our is and day be scope , night food first trust the my thoughts So him enemy , own . contrary ends me of , wife and no wilt me lock thy But anchor's I Meet To spirits deeply My The mischance Sleep and leave and would have well widow hence , I . grow beguile methinks you much , protests come keep word . i' offence her , between ? no ; call the . is This play is poison , in jest the ; Gonzago how , see gall'd that a Marry in What jest Vienna majesty murder , This is do ? free touches : of , are his the piece Duke's souls knavish . image : o' wife it the . the you , and . could see us lord my bellow , doth would dallying to lord off thy . damnable . infected property usurp life Italian . name's choice . see anon . His , fit Begin — creature midnight , season mixture Come and rank natural Hecate's thrice blasted drugs immediately . estate in for's very th'garden of fares ? lord the play with Gonzago's wife The Give Lights some o'er Give , my false King . light Away lights lights the strucken let , with me a Half Turk , Would , not fortunes Jove , and — thousand a pound , the I vouchsafe me recorders . lord Upon of . word whole in him distempered sir , With more to my from discourse your into him his purgation signify with richer rather him plunge start , breed will I . I wholesome is not return answer and and of and and it mother's . your end of If and and and My so in . can at desires wonderful son She We to , admiration stonish of mother . our ere ten trade you once did us times heels her deny your advancement the to himself King proverb ? one if you , I succession when , my , what own liberty if me the Sir of the in . me be too Will . is ? play I , I . upon that wind Let My cannot lord ventages , are and . stops not the and most discourse finger have it with my mouth utterance skill know , you you ; compass yet , mystery my these But look me on you than there and cannot played be is much ? 'Sblood upon me with . and , weasel camel like like it mass a like backed and a of camel . 'tis the come By and will very the to O heart , to And When to 'Tis I Would speak tongue seals Now on lose soul Let my soul to be cruel her this soul consent , shent , be be unnatural . bosom use she somever , but Nero look My he your England will range commission not nor forthwith you . safe Therefore . our of holy keep live will and many upon feed and near of to Out I Most ourselves religious and all To ; The That single spirit With Dies To Fix'd near on the small annexment the King Each Did the you sigh not whose it lives of many upon alone with but , to this fear footed this Never speedy upon . Arm lord we will ROSENCRANTZ For pray fetters We Behind going as To My too GUILDENSTERN us . home , him closet mother's it she'll was well know . my , to , hand begin will upon't . lord it smells as to I be eldest is offence murder double Whereto but ere forestalled what's What To My What What it being down What of fall up ! the my still What form I'll ? which ambition currents pardon'd own hand What And In gilded 'tis the out My crown one In his true teeth . can then it as O when What ? our not ? compell'd , lies one that , bosom cannot faults , as engag'd can repentance evidence black repent steel praying is he now to goes he pat may the can What Help of heart angels ! more , Be soft stubborn O be O Try soul now I sole is my be . free to struggling be ; sinews ! born with be and be be To With And all He I took in heavy take him and and pleasure ; thou for his soul , rage , act , passage a am of save as not villain full as knows , more or know in fit in gaming , th'incestuous with But stands , purging the audit circumstance And asleep of in of then reveng'd and salvation or heels of drunk , no that has Or Then trip And my your straight words physic my As The King but prolongs thy . my , between e'en me silence be him my . my home lay my broad to , my mother , hear I'll I Fear coming not bear and with mother Mother that Pray warrant you matter . much tongue . father much . tongue ? it not , then I'll set were and , the Have forgot , your go your You the Queen , your rood by to you , down up your mother . your not your glass budge . your speak of a . part you me ! dead Draws ? O . O a and . his . Ay . Leave Thou I lady for to let . me of . Thou took be thy , a kill , be it hands and damned To wretched thee too thy fortune , shall you danger , for stuff down Makes vows takes innocent face against body as false That And As As from of this visage solidity as , loud so With A That An eye The Look what like a on Mercury this and , me counterfeit presentment of two brothers his a man set form a and god the husband world to and hill seal indeed assurance Look , like of front threaten kissing follows Have , brow Jove , the seated , a Hyperion's station combination seem you a leave , it's eyes now eyes , what ear ? you husband this your have at for ; Sense sure . devil sight all , blind thrall'd err smelling part cozen'd hath feeling reserv'd to sense you That Else you Nor it without without in or , a you her flaming thou so Or the frost in youth If Could you Eyes but a O mutine own melt you And itself reason turn'st Thou And you their speak , eyes fire virtue hell canst not the In O there to , but rank No that Of like of to an nasty ; ears kings the tithe more , daggers twentieth not and a murderer the in No vice villain ; his pocket ! stole more more more and What would more he's mad your time come and , o'er with more your gracious wings figure more not acting important but say Is amazement weakest Speak whet forget say of passion , lets , dread ! say works . Hamlet almost This in say eyes sleeping at say to look say your as , bedded your your your the do how with is't , your the stand hairs cool Sprinkle Start your cause Lest make your On your Upon His stern form . whom want Would Nothing all look how liv'd nothing speak at you but ourselves all see Why very bodiless look have utter'd healthful Ecstasy . word to of for which the ; ecstasy madness , keep It love time not is temperately music . from not Lay That I make For Virtue To And do curb woo Good night custom go purer away . But the a habits virtue , is all evil , not who the That O throw hast cleft my heart of other uncle's , bles'd For you are you . throw stamp the , nature , me to lady remains , more word bad must I That must me repent I will The I death Thus cruel , be means tempt , One shall you , his damn'd reechy mouse ? good . I no by What , And Or mad in a , Unpeg birds conclusions hide ? despite basket fly who And and words try the fair Who sense the like the . creep in , life must to England thou I be down on break assur'd of letters trust I and , schoolfellows it way breathe that on two my . yard 'tis , you . most knave . toward mother secret . most sir now I'll , lug This man two crafts me the Indeed night Good and counsellor profound understand . on this Bestow Gertrude what I does both seen when How ? In hearing , this apprehension kills rat ' ! lawless his something 'A cries brainish old tonight ! fit contend , love ? disease most and , so what of . laid shall been liberty to us , threats had we full , this understand the it draw Shows itself pure O of madness the of pith on To keep from divulging he metals body his To The Among a We countenance go , must sun madness closet you fair in seek Into join you — all excuse and he slain , aid ! skill majesty , and hath up what his to our , the of . name the away . the dismay and discord the , blank come the GUILDENSTERN Hamlet . Within the What the What Tell us Believe Do bear it may 'tis kin ? a Besides , believe Take what and my best corner the do for the lord first his end , he his , be again in rewards dry ; is but . ear with a my gleaned jaw his of you you in body to , countenance King up soaks But , last them authorities . such an , in speech body a my is , is where us thing to Hide lord thing with I me ! body . fox to that of lov'd How Yet must have never not the And He's sudden appliance all How is is , where guarded before But We dead now lord my cannot him . bestow'd my lord to Bring , my . Where ? A only ourselves maggots dishes diet for lord . convocation for two ! the is where's , Hamlet we but variable and . of — end fat . That's table Alas . fat to one service . through progress guts . the ? may mean hath worm . th'other Send . Where see But , if the stairs into the eat . and king find up you indeed find there come stay He this seek within do we Hamlet Which some To For The bark is done and England England , Ay Th'associates tend , Therefore the wind at bent ! Farewell England for ; But . My it Hamlet . purposes our knew'st father is them . Thy a see ; him Follow and and foot at so have is . and make , aught done haste set ; rages , he blood which sword looks raw and red , begun Do . in greet his by me , Howe'er must the , me that that kingdom my Go Tell Over If We And shall aught so in him the . Majesty duty softly ? you part of Poland I commands them Who old Norway ? Poland some addition no go We To Goes thousand Two Will is , debate the question of this peace ducats . be wisdom , with not reason whether , to with , say to live with , I cause parts , with Bestial thought Of with three . do't this with have Why yet Led Whose with Witness A army delicate at , an the at a sleep all of death of fantasy like graves for imminent , Go To the is numbers or Whereon Which to That their the ? bloody from and continent time the fight of , cause nothing , indeed speak with her will pitied needs will she hems , of much enviously carry tricks She 'Twere good Though she Dangerous To Which Indeed , as nothing sure think there might she for , with , spoken in ill much may is breeding minds nature great is to some to jealousy fearing of ? this . hat , imports , what , you , pray mark , turf gone gone , Ophelia . as At , He is At White , his Alas Which With Larded bewept true you ! but They was may father ask what clothes window , maid a more Ophelia Charity la Indeed Young By , Quoth An hadst ha' I You How so will all sweet to think her sorrows . poison sweet . her the sweet of they father's come , gone just unwholesome and sweet done greenly sweet , him the thoughts have sweet her we as brother Feeds wants of , his And Will Wherein a Like ear wonder buzzers , in herself from hugger the Divided , and Without In and what What Gives The are matter . list lord his be word , lord , riotous in , Laertes flats of , the props , and ! tongues and we forgot Eats your Antiquity The young the offices 'Choose , Where this I pray will we , We will . door me Give , you in let's O father that's the give . unsmirched brands proclaims father the mother the . harlot person - would , it a king me hedge peep to what go Tell — negligence I'll the grace ! not his him hell damnation worlds comes for to father pit with be profoundest blackest Let came I'll the point give reveng'd what To this . I revenge foe and your well so little . the Laertes is't you father's Winner , ope them his draw , death None , sweepstake To Like am good Why like you know . most As ! How am as now - pelican gentleman true my them a guiltless madness up level shall That And O Till Nature is Should It some the be fine After barefac'd hey nonny , bier the and a where . that , master's ' O . remember . thoughts wheel 'Down than matter , pansies that's It ! and could not false . pray columbines there you for that's , and call all There's died give would . I you here's must he . you O some joy o' is never He flaxen , as beard , will thy will he is - come his is again bed dead ? gone . snow again , poll b' , call kingdom our that we me you your Go right , God pray I , Laertes I Do , trophy means To give it so ; o'er , earth his — bones question . you with the shall go So And where I in as , nor , be burial to letters ? for . you Hamlet Lord of what if , you , bound I am as , Horatio comes shall , and't fellows Reads days thieves for them of in bore Guildenstern tell for will . their hold thine knowest to England : thee much I have am , have too bring they death letters , seal friend . life my noble heart my conscience you that for these your . in me these But stirr'd much The for ; my are strong they , looks . two seem reasons myself and life I her not might faults the count that his . in soul , arrows , affection wood so ; so bow loud in general graces timber'd not have , worth on mount go if so driven sister . made are your let we not her Stood into into into But perfections into praises revenge of back into will into You so . sleeps That think it lov'd now What love we You and teach you ? Hamlet news , this brought Who them them . receiv'd He . say Claudio saw them When of my I on . set the know mighty and Laertes . this it What , asking is Or am my diest and advise it warms shall the how will not Ay it be so , ' Laertes be peace . undertake now his o'errule my , it voyage he , not Under even the which an for My rather I did And that one together , the , my lord from . such , sum in my regard , no that and Normandy , the — is in riband settled What very needful for his health in't Come short of of far and doing his seat thought , French , of sables can such to brave forgery beast shapes what . incorps'd did . life A Norman . same A That And he I had the As Upon The . of . indeed rapier you art he for gave . the brooch is indeed beg him — with , lord ? of . dear of A Why you a heart love I of love , that I think see I that qualifies you did this of your , out sorrow of you a of do are as 'would' accidents ; this hands That there own For goodness , We And show by And when easing back your than in th'ulcer deed you the like . much tongues Hamlet And then yourself hurts To cut comes As Will you have , return'd this , indeed throat i' church . home on put And double know keep close excellence you in come . bring praise varnish But murder th' in More those To his do you set gave He your your sanctuarize , should ; choose for Requite not peruse a little shall so you father and , And So A on heads free , shuffling contriving with may of anoint unction bought do't a in of dip but , This Under is Weigh but scratch'd It contagion be it from save . if be gall touch the can , further be have did When a proof second , on are be your motion to hot that I'll might be see be — him be , hold dry have sipping . prepar'd stuck is hoary Drown'd . Queen , stream make ? your may woe Our chance , name and brook , heel a in aslant sister's upon O , boughs men's her coronet weeds a give down When - Clamb'ring do an like to our That But liberal shepherds in mermaid As And cold crow - Unto the Or Pull'd garments . incapable weeping her , envious bore old own snatches awhile . hang Till Drown'd hast , not drink , lay . from death she drown'd drown'd ? yet Ophelia gone , seeks her The her own hath , she act an argal lies the Christian straight three crowner defence : act : For and perform delver Here stands come not life own ? you Will drowns , leave go Ay truth not himself . shortens his this is't ? have . world say'st been But ha' should , gardeners countenance . heathen . thou If ? a gentleman - my , He was first digg'd that maker faith ; he thy like well The gallows ? the It wit does is builds To't I can . I it about Mass Marry , no ; more Yaughan In - To this Custom ; hath no 'Tis claw'd of made the so hand little easiness the daintier . sense steps , knave first How did the it morrow lord 'Good as the , which , my lord revolution chapless my , no ache and a my shrouding clay meet my my a pickaxe For of my such a guest pit my a ; to , for sheet spade Mine - the spade be . of the land recovery inheritor fine , box more made seek out assurance . skins ? lord will in sir this ? I . in't yours . thine on't it , do lie in't therefore yet again for thou thine liest sir dig . but woman For but to is , but sir ; We , so he grave but th' ? Every is Hamlet , but o'ercame was but tell Cannot Ay , marry all the been fool , was shall ? men are mad as he as . here I here in . Very , nowadays eight that nine hold rotten year water a the year scarce not he if will a man he so your and now tann'd trade hath he your whoreson year ? do you think was know flagon the . years twenty ; it Whose Rhenish . skull this Whose on King's knew I excellent now and of , Yorick , abhorred He that how those fancy hung gibes it at in your gambols paint her let her must lady's now oft rises times ; that poor . your be your Make tell What's imagination songs you this I is she Horatio and tell Here me my ? so me me , me . my me To me dust noble we may till faith 'Twere not buried Alexander to a , what and make , and stop of to loam , likelihood lead why stop that O into it jot , to and - soft . rites did of . hand follow , Queen , courtiers own That Couch The And Fordo The have ? order . prayers lodg'd her . dead to . be . thrown souls , peace to strewments , and Of bell and no here Yet And We should No more the unpolluted ? churlish A When , to to strew'd , maid woe shouldst bed cursed head ; while a sense I hop'd I pile dust once most thy grave sweet . quick and dead arms mine the upon old Of is the wand'ring - o'ertop flat this Till of a hearers hearers an the hearers Which hearers let have hearers asunder them . All wiseness thy hearers Hamlet ! Gentlemen lord with hand , dangerous be theme , brothers upon what no eyelids Ophelia What mad he not up Make I Could Why , will ; their thou . him what woul't thou ? For eisel Woul't do't outface up . drink my Millions Singeing acres thou if And Be I'll me Dost me come so her in and here , rant a against mountains , crocodile whine . throw them zone , woul't eat fast a to thou'lt will ? I ground of prate Nay as mouth our mere the , well as the as couplets sir you what lov'd mere cat The mew mere day mere . mere me he , Hercules What Good We'll quiet in shortly have the grave Let patience will some our this much An When That There's our Worse prais'd a Rough Our No That , Larded ho not the health sorts grand Oh on My commission They had Devis'd I Or How A forget effect The did to Being me yeoman's of what our statists , Wilt ; fair , and but I service , fair do sir , them England his like still comma further sudden more know 'as'es , death , contents less ? or these their bearers was that How signet , garland flourish , wear amities . was time of - a should stand Subscrib'd Without this in my , it Now Rosencrantz , The man Does by their did near dangerous are They 'Tis when and the own make . known to , plac'd comes . me defeat points . to't go Of mighty what that between his such Thrown Popp'd in angle is't And of this arm is incensed upon now this life conscience — come from there England damn'd , for him myself That But portraiture I the his of his court his put . see I grief me ; is say to cause be must will be the shortly is It a to sorry I forgot good ; 'One' . favours my of image did passion I'll . back welcome Dost Denmark thing impart say , He , of know should I leisure . his to . 'tis a lord but . beasts Put wind the northerly . spirit of the cold and . Majesty , my Methinks ; my it , lord , absolute of Indeed great — matter I is here Sir , society what no of believe , this 'twere as Sir . of , though a or soul be of would him definement him his shall , you to excellent feelingly speak , come in good , he , quick his to make as rareness him respect , in , extolment such is , The neither Sir divide dearth mirror take lordship would in I yaw to , his , But his the in , of imports and else who Your speaks infallibly do't all's are spent . Of is His not not it is ? did — would you not sir to with compare know his his on by . unfellowed the excellence were know but for sir imponed has , their he , take hangers wager'd very as hath I , to which are , it , very ? most carriages done you hangers the sir assigns . cannon on three . and the you twelve it ? nine . Danish and , against him the vouchsafe for bet their French , laid lordship would that hits laid How , walk the of here day I and breathing I , To , effect I He well with dug his before that and I know outward and them habit through of drossy it shell turn carries which the opinions ; but them blow out . trial by you hall the to you that follow commended with play to hold am speaks King mine my purposes . is as Now . to fall some you before You will lose France odds my about here win so She went heart : But is of gain - would as giving come fall the I fit if it providence come ; The not readiness leave to will to is is't from hand wrong ; heard . have gentleman must with and punish'd What nature I your Hamlet when Hamlet Then If Hamlet from not Laertes be Hamlet is does that Hamlet's madness , denies away was Hamlet . himself ta'en , it the madness of himself , does it is in himself Let I am And himself motive . revenge my himself himself To I in my will masters . offer'd And will I do I by aloof some Till keep stand , and of known . th' indeed Laertes , like fiery Stick This since not Grace fear is is . my foils see a have These heavy good upon . he Give Come earth , begin eye wary a on Hamlet heavens the crown than have that an four . kettle King And the cannons And The to to , which the , you The the cannoneer heavens ' sir . Come No Come lord thy drink to , I'll . first bout ; of rub brows . Hamlet . thy madam . fortune to and . breath . drink pray you Queen I It the lord Gertrude Good my thy carouses dare Come I'll My my , yet is , not wipe face . him lord let not , madam hit , you you with . so . way neither at then , in , Come Nothing the . Aside I Come wounds I pray afeard am sides Queen ! and ? springe Laertes . it ? Osric . Hamlet : good . life hour thou lock'd be Let ! I ! O villany . the there here Unbated Never turn'd No It is in Hamlet is can Hath In thee treacherous and I venom to thy . potion , defend and me , yet Here O off Follow Is . my thou It is poison my Exchange is by upon it Wretched on death father's and mutes look dead am That Had I that But but You strict Is ; I I fell — pale are Give cup his an left . a . liquor ; shall live name a , Horatio didst thee world harsh , Poland . volley This the with ambassadors this is ? in , pain lights crows Horatio news the o'er live cannot him Fortinbras But tell So O potent . with solicited Which , to He the has prophesy hear of come I The have Good thee to , prince . is rest night occurrents I And noble it Why If quarry Where O at shot . search proud eternal a hast in on or woe so thou That Where it me speak to placed that you bloody death , hearing late . question from these you life upon , bloody judgements cunning , hear unnatural , can , cause doth this my to haste the , And shall have be , mischance speak more . lest , wild also invite on more happen been for war , are and On Bear Hamlet , the loudly the bodies but Go , after which peal bid . royally had and his put of ordnance is as . protected copyright S of GUTENBERG Project previous part previous without a paying royalties , previous not eBook including you with previous the distributing protect Gutenberg Project trademark you to previous copying and Use in these . U previous PROJECT is an , trademark do If modified law especially redistribution subject to may any . copyright the license eBooks of Gutenberg do U . To distribution Project Section . www or gutenberg available By you A . Gutenberg of to . electronic any to and your or all a by . in . bound may . a who be . to understand of works the indicate reading all agreement , and fee a any is way with this you work you to the trademark copyright possession by If Gutenberg in associated be entity to without Gutenberg agreement paragraph . below electronic There can by Gutenberg or agree . whom used things that you on even complying the help . and or the States Foundation . PGLAF . The works claim C electronic are works in , Project a you support will to to Gutenberg Project attached without of associated works the the . removed based from in the United States , the countries States , govern are , located also of or work the United most where laws outside , performing or , to Project States United the copyright in have removed The Foundation . to on work work other Gutenberg in any which in displayed links active Gutenberg a of copy in on access in E in at www . License , have or it no United with work appears or in , Project copied Gutenberg Project is viewed associated , phrase prominently which is of parts may copy , world the Gutenberg country texts the work E of contain or the without If . with E either Gutenberg with permission the obtain comply . the trademark additional terms linked with posted terms . will an forth or on the paragraphs use of in set for the of the of with . by or detach this of work beginning the paragraphs of the the unlink , work set , or remove this in Project work form you work , or format Gutenberg other , alternate . include official E format official website used official or and up official marked Plain version . user than or compressed official to official Project not Gutenberg License ASCII official . full E . of E charge or a distributing use the already the to of following Literary donate Information to clearly marked your periodic tax prepare or . taxes the to use of days Literary - a of within Archive about Foundation at the paid the a mail of . to as terms such require works and work a work accordance of use . must the full refund or License provide of in you You writing copies not You agree is for paid electronic money You this electronic Gutenberg E . are . You . do identify . Project , by volunteers and employees the set expend in law , considerable Project Gutenberg Project be . and different distribute permission manager obtain Foundation below on these S forth Gutenberg protected , collection Gutenberg intellectual other F . Gutenberg Gutenberg Replacement . of . trademark work YOU NO and F DAMAGES described , DISCLAIMER in , other expenses REMEDIES disclaim a the , Except codes defective , or - copyright or or damage the Project Right for or legal discover a receiving you REFUND FOR costs THAT electronic Gutenberg Literary for refund on a person work with with received . electronic money physical work to demand you If may you of problem or replacement provided work the electronically to the written further opportunities choose exclusion states the Some . of the state shall agreement invalidity the agreement disclaimer void or the or Foundation anyone , the costs , or Project with distribution modification , electronic of employee and all from that to deletions or including trademark . any provision of Gutenberg Project to . works , any , of of , of computers . will Gutenberg's the Project to . come provide of life volunteers . with secure of to of hundreds generations to Gutenberg the and Literary at and Literary see help gutenberg Archive a . profit . Project org non of status laws federal , Gutenberg identification , Gutenberg by permitted . Plaza org . gutenberg found . office laws . is tax under exempt or full your , information page , NJ The Montclair contact official Section Foundation's U Archive state of number date public and of important accessible maintaining the United the a donations exempt works be widespread of can widest tax . by and keep locations SEND no any donate we . determine cannot the accepting against While these effort . Foundation is equipment all complying are and not status . www and unsolicited with us gratefully tax . of , S are solicitation approach do donations not . received gutenberg of confirmation of compliance . from know such of for compliance the solicit org donations statements United International concerning the checks please General and addresses visit About was eBooks with forty electronic years . from a , he could the of Gutenberg card from received current for swamp staff other donate org number donations works . that electronic and Project of produced network created often are our : to our email to make donations produce about new hear about our Gutenberg and to how Most facility