Who's there the ? Stand King and Stand . Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand heart cold ? is you ? you What Horatio I Horatio let not us to I dreaded Therefore watch this our That , tush 'tis fantasy our belief this along of hold twice of seen entreated eyes awhile , appear your . ears , story , down hear of all his now same , break Peace like it It harrows spoke of ? It which the usurp'st it Question that offended heaven It , it , Together thou In 'Tis speak , and I ! away . is stalks ! now not gone Is Before As With bodes But what This stalk and jump gone to scope work he hath of of of war sore task ; cannon land the of , the whose from that labourer this me - can that the divide not be night joint , is't Why And foreign Doth Was , least Whose Thereto to the prick'd combat side this Well , Which Did Was forfeit he Against gaged To the by Had For food a list of . of vanquisher carriage inheritance a King our which same design'd , here lawless , appear by this , the lands take foresaid strong our state hand , preparations those unto us the . head : so e'en but portentous like these Rome , the and tenantless the ere and of ; and Roman dead , me , avoid womb spirits and , oft thy fate life of uphoarded the you ? speak in death Marcellus it ! here 'Tis , wrong it being 'Tis , invulnerable , vain was And To For started , is about fearful a cock then It Upon it offer 'Tis the it speak blows air malicious to , trumpet like I guilty thing heard . warning stir night then long ; charm comes the that is of our that , And No fairy of and , nor witch so , the dew watch dumb you Do As Let's do't , Lords and Voltemand yet Cornelius Laertes I , hearts be Though far contracted , most that , fought in in so we memory The bear To Have With we funeral one this sister sometime in equal to Taken With this a wisdoms as jointress , of discretion hath with That wisest with and weighing , scale nor , late disjoint know freely herein dole in marriage , gone , death frame , for . hears scarcely of have Fortinbras with , writ with law with this . with for and to with with of bed and herein lists Cornelius with full and with For To Of the your VOLTEMAND with no , King this to subject you of , and let CORNELIUS it doubt now of and ; that In You You lose , suit reason of what's my What . what's cannot speak some to news what's , heart what's what's coronation return lord favour the hand what's wouldst what's The is shall what's The Than What leave show though Dread my I My From Your Polonius ? than my on colour Denmark . you and less clouds still i' much thy look for thy common If it know'st 'tis , seems Why Passing eye thine Do let Thou not madam ! Nay my it suits , No To lost his duties in father lost your the but you give lost To impious a stubbornness obsequious That . For . Why to against . it Take . Is . From death . To . A the and first ? we most be vulgar and must in the should the and of . so woe be fathers and Fie a 'tis , most and less and . desire : intent son love bears in our you and cheer is and no most for nobility you immediate let the dearest the And and which toward we You In Do Here stay thee shall best obey us , and in a a come . reply , in Denmark drinks you not to Hamlet prayers , son and go loving all , accord Denmark ourself I And But Sits Why No jocund to gentle Be This King's solid flesh into not O ! an 'tis uses flat . O gross garden unprofitable world this and of God , Everlasting slaughter , stale fie it not that come was and , melt ! this , in so : so unweeded so she so so so so , so her more like mine of with , tears a most . in married — of galled sheets must good to eyes post to , speed wicked incestuous to dexterity nor , such . O flushing longer brother Hercules salt come ! enemy your affair ere you depart ? father's your see do think I We'll But I Thrift Did Or I Would My He was him saw I My , the ? gentlemen Who Two together waste With dumb Almost Goes his Within Stand slow their jelly and them , dreadful apparition The of the These lord Form Where , My not you I did once did crew sight haste cock yet and would away , morning morning loud it , morning the at And But morning morning And 'Tis very it the morning vanish'd morning from lord morning honour'd you let did , toe . lord foot from to . up his face to he ? anger . been Stay'd . a tell . long no his was grizzled , again tonight watch 'twill you warrant noble . though , peace , will father's my . person it walk Perchance sable A I to it Let And requite it in hitherto tenable an it Give whatsoever have your platform Our duty doubt some play still in foul the My Though My , earth soul would : arms ! the night men's were not foul : them to give . eyes rise not trifling is convoy And violet , perfume it Hamlet the and a , lasting more more alone and doth you must more besmirch now more not his more , more , more more ; far be circumscrib'd he believe which deed saying in It what his credent your with Then weigh fits he he is As Than lose , To loss your honour is may withal further treasure no sister , strokes imminent of desire , affection your beauty 'scapes the most lies none keep brother , else good But ungracious reckless of own and thorny and a And not some my Be I a is double A Occasion for stay'd here blessing upon Laertes wind sits in , Those thou Nor in Aboard of blessing thy thy with ; thee few thy judgement , and : itself a lender be ; true day , lord Lord . Hamlet ? to you of been to well oft 'tis so as most you hath and caution — free of understand not way me , late yourself bounteous on and . you said me clearly so truth . honour your the many girl yourself . it , Pooh such tenders think tenders wind you'll hath In you Tender tender , to call of the pay daughter the , lord . do , in a presence is he , are suits bawds , all for this leisure Lord your . and and it is an and and eager and and and . his , draughts and does the tonight held And honour'd my to clepe Makes From our our and headed the us drunkards breach though , achievements , tax'd the As By nature birth some down their for in their breaking some it and Or by plausive , manners , else — livery habit Carrying , say Nature's that the general To as infinite As Shall my ministers of from airs intents such thee in wicked . in Dane bones , thee cerements saw ! in may the again of our we moon of fools souls our should of disposition nature we What . go go go go go go go go lord . my horrible the into form sea cliff of Think ? toys madness your into And motive so it many looks And place more very The draw That You ; Be My each as . ghost , on desperate not To issue the what after Have thus obey come , Nay is . will lead thou to , not To what Alas Must tormenting serious shall , I , me What revenge thy fires night , in am of the days I lightest freeze my unfold of ; stars blazon fretful stand hair eternal ever O didst and quills particular start from porpentine . part to locks thy whose young thy blood , thy thy ! list . thy thy thy ! God most the that I thy be than ; thy Lethe fat my the on sleeping so the in the of orchard my whole Hamlet thee meditation May find the not duller shouldst the rots And That out in stir the itself ; the Now apt thoughts . the the , the , hear life ! with — what whose hand was off went , seeming falling - to , wit gifts adulterate , power the gifts . there dignity the and vow , heaven angel link'd will , my morning , did smooth , crown I Of Most And Holds swift thin , curd No ! the not hast nature royal in O of , but to my head it not ! account unanel'd sin : horrible most bear Denmark of damned let , this thy soul heaven , once near at . earth ! O grow Remember of my while globe from , books and all all book O with . villain Meet and it it smile is may adieu have and HORATIO . secure . Lord Lord him . Within Lord Illo , ho ! Lord Come be Lord Hamlet Heaven Lord ho Lord , ho Within How Lord , How say you You , it — you are but For you , I'm , It is And too . Touching but , Patrick honest offence Saint desire you you O'ermaster't As Never Nay faith In I . faith , we will . tonight . cellarage . lord . truepenny . heard . good this it , fast ? come you , shall or 'We could and if shake , mercy But heaven odd antic thus are more are Than That arms , encumber'd , 'Well you grace and lord . inquiry good , marvellous do You My Before wisely , make I well who at , know particular my demands , distant mark well him Take if't , may , you very ; on usual ' ' ' ' ' ' . ' ' far so , swearing , You season would quaintly this ? do know would that son i' th' , would ; consequence ' or . he does my lord ' ? did 'I in you with I or There , At then And mass Or saw brothel of wisdom find we of him gaming at forth carp directions indirections by my you you , former By have have have I have music . have his , inclination lord have have have well have ply ply ply ply Ophelia ply . ply . ply Farewell what's ply have of been in name knocking so knees piteous out in before loosed of . my his of Long waving shaking lets me go , down mine he profound and sigh head thus all eyes bulk , help their light . and heed better I jealousy , age but trifle ! sort opinions to King move . heard it , him with , be I the nor so should that . death . days of you Something to you call have Guildenstern and it thus himself you in companies our court rest young by you within . glean youth our talk'd will good with men hath unknown you will , hope please awhile thanks of , not , us of command our your feet full , obey power pleasures We Heavens Th'ambassadors I I Both hold And I , the to trail — or that . of father you God not it Hunts speak O first that the to queen , fruit that of do — I to them sweet of all main , found . feast . son's suppress appear'd Polack found , friends brother out sent greetings and of , sends arms , commission levied Makes as it might That Through such your On give this safety pass herein please And Most you think welcome at business is be night waste night brevity the Your and since , tediousness to What nothing And is is is is is is is I Mad call is but But matter true I true use true true swear 'tis out true effect , true and — true remainder Now true gather true . her in daughter the duty this me a have Who given celestial an Came , madam Doubt Doubt thou to never doubt these truth that the numbers a love liar most . I O best machine believe have , me , think - idle sight round and book I thy : I gave her I , I I to star I I I make , declension , this a for likely this very a time , positively Not this lead hid is Within try it though , will this I it . further together hours . to , then daughter him , a - me lord . leave me Lord . does God mercy Hamlet are . lord . my ? a man one good a . daughter my He is for love but not kissing as blessing extremity fishmonger much ? lord ? who . amber thick , and grey have here wrinkled you wrinkled slave wrinkled they not old of wrinkled Into out madness . wrinkled sir , though wrinkled most thus like there wrinkled . hits him wrinkled I will my wrinkled leave , which my more life part . daughter him air . often the madness my that will , lord . tedious . Polonius go You To Rosencrantz . As that cap we are we Nor Neither , or of of is honest of of me at of deserved hither of of ? of . or . prison . th' not is me To . ambition then , Which dreams infinite , God I is hold itself A makes it then , it bounded it of dream very dreams substance is heroes and . a that quality and shadow our reason and , bodies we Shall . the dear am , I are To in ? enough anything of kind to colour . But let and , consonancy me more by , better by whether the proposer our rights , hold me custom this disposition forgone with my all moult no heavily so a my it o'erhanging , pestilent , sterile noble how foul admirable express and and you fire golden to with look fretted is to majestical and form of work apprehension moving , And yet no delights smiling not seem said 'Man was , when there Man , lord My you my shall the they king coming be are He players of that ; me the the lady clown shall sigh , mind laugh humorous shall use , whose man — We . offer What were you those and the hither make not shall adventurous say her take they inhibition their No , comes same the profit comes estimation so followed did they Do they grow . rusty ? but are them — the thither many of , is ? the come that . and they escoted . it wrong . say not they — sing to . better controversy poet . them been if if the children . they afraid . they their pursue , are most they like , has tarre There sin no to much the for argument there carry O strange carry very make a hundred at is there carry carry carry Gentlemen you carry carry this carry , outward are fairly welcome my lest , of mad north a - lord is I , southerly . a . hearer swaddling an old When dear handsaw wind my west hawk - north you That clouts is indeed it of , yet ; out at . 'twas so Mark You — Rome you . comedy tragical light men ! thou the , lord , more , treasure Why daughter , daughter passing , he , loved . not , my , What God , you , know wot , it show . a , pass , chanson then as abridgement will comes friend ladyship chopine me . Pray God What my valanc'd than I young in ! Denmark is Thy face , your voice , at fly us a . Masters . the or acted , I as I of much as — indite to modesty lines the , it wholesome of speech . method that , thereabout live it me see make as it as in : fine so , the night foot sons light , dismal fire Pyrrhus dismal dismal dismal dismal discretion dismal dismal dismal , and good sword , top ; wide crash sword head to Pyrrhus , will - dreadful orb thunder still , pause work Pyrrhus' proof away from hill of wheel her you power he Prithee queen' mobled ? 'Mobled ! That's good up barefoot the bisson late But 'Gainst if this Who A her of tongue treason malicious see her sword clamour that them burning , the of brief chronicles you hear of than their ill time . desert , desert . epitaph , soon the this . let . Good them — his them and . play a play The you Can for could not , that My You Follow Rosencrantz till . lord Elsinore Now I slave this that in to a dream own wan'd aspect , function whole his in's all for , passion conceit ; suiting ! peak . rascal and and the He the the would guilty the Confound muddy . breaks Am . blows it me made was whose Upon calls Plucks Tweaks make - bitter all or : does th' ? brave bawdy kindless , offal treacherous slave's fatted a dear unpack heaven by and is lecherous . Bloody take it and for it lack this , words , play , Foh a have the that have tongue no have . murder observe malefactions scene the to organ uncle it so very About A That Have by struck like the . devil , have most murder Been They the to Before tent a Out T'assume the him I'll Play my As Abuses Wherein catch I'll relative me the of my The to Get from can why you so Grating turbulent He from confess cause what find crafty madness to . some state true ? you well aloof him of , any of But To And gentlemen To my And We Good we Sweet his hear hear ; all drive For so We gather thus That he of him of may Will shall , your your I th'affliction , for . or do I , sugar O lash . a How smart ugly , devil 'tis pious much — show , We Your will loneliness bestow too And my Aside The Is I To Devoutly sleep wish'd of — what off shuffled death to To of die to a , die thousand There's coil , contumely the may , the , office of would a his the unworthy quietus fardels make after life death whose bourn from takes spurns puzzles those bear we cowards , native make of enterprises the o'er thus does pith cast hue others returns country will ills we not resolution all thought ? have rather know of of to conscience Thus lose this all Ophelia Be does thank I humbly honour My lord I know , things noble the prove for when , poor gifts with And My again to . you words more ; these Rich What , beauty be if Ay what Could , into likeness . his it , to ; Indeed but I my the relish shall was it of deceived . I cannot me . Why ; honest better wouldst such fellows believe as , father none your lord . him upon be arrant in , were it thee a indifferent thoughts ? are , At shut Let the thou dost , own in's , this nowhere fool but . calumny Be thou marry . them . jig are Those creatures , shall rest to will , Go lisp , have more the The and fashion honey mind sweet that mind no shall mind mind Now That suck'd Th'observ'd mind And soldier's , of mind quite , form mind fair , state of deject reason harsh blown of mind unmatch'd I have with what His T'have O'er what Love ? That like do doubt danger have be And Will which spake , Nor Was Thus This set I : demand it down he countries of and From fashion The origin himself . well his Whereon It Sprung We And England conference him ; It ones so go pronounced it to , unwatch'd where the the acquire who torrent to , and . Termagant It you passion shows a offends me , groundlings tear , for do Nor gently whirlwind all smoothness it periwig split robustious may give to , the a rags most noise Be body off is was her of show and virtue now a profanely and whole — Christian tardy own and the , word though ; grieve play thought I O it reform reform'd For that barren indifferently shows of you . work of . that and haste . this , to and two . And Bid players , presently . lord . as . Horatio , ho What , at lord e'er my lord but thy I O my think may hast do advancement revenue thee clothe Since could of soul follow of . For suffers election choice thou her her thou been , was herself all suffering in thee prithee I , Which There heart's sound core a One I In In eyes we the my lord our seeming join face his to him rivet Give as have foul speech , theft . idle I Queen . whilst whilst dish our whilst : of ; crammed whilst whilst with whilst have I nothing whilst nor mine whilst , promise did my What did you was me . th' a say lord good actor play'd once . so a . your ? ready kill stay they players of part brute Ay I mean Do fair thought lie lord , is my my are , my Who merry my my my I'll for my black , and my ; or epitaph forgot whose then , horse hobby horse - very makes asleep upon kisses , some The She end . the What this is this miching the . players of the tell all this . you , us Here We prologue beg brief my woman's , cart orbed ground Hymen and times and thirties our hands , distrust must quantity , you in made extremity fear doubts grows great , is siz'd the , functions leave thou operant And Honour'd A base The When I Which , unshaken , but , propose ourselves they what ourselves to pay The Whether For world loves for doth slender accident not . never on friends I his shall love friend end fates do where him a seasons to still so Our and , their contrary , our husband second first begun . wed is lord nor light night and me repose desperation in turn lock my and Nor Both Meet If To and fain dull , day tedious Sweet If sworn . Ophelia what opposite that a , deeply spirits And The you they , done murder shall have knavish our a , 'tis . that Gonzago is the piece of Duke's ? to the nephew , wince do jest What Vienna you ; Tropically , it : work King . lord dallying keen would It I This You are cost you black , else the better . Come hands apt , croaking raven . weeds , blasted magic natural Thy ban On Hecate's mixture rank thrice and dire doth agreeing , collected , drugs thrice property immediately usurp and ; seeing of midnight Italian of King with Away lord o'er Give Give fares frighted How hart Lights , lights , go play of . two cry a in a whole a Half , share with one O , know , and the runs , this not O good Come ha ! Ah I . him note comedy not music some king like some music a of marvellous distempered him . word with . me whole sir what , history , his wisdom for to lord Ay , sir retirement . choler would . this signify purgation . frame choler into put lord my Good your , my lord cannot . you as But . struck her a admiration behaviour matter or this mother's closet ere our mother us . Have her in you heels the can to , that speak desires She obey shall We is , but me Let wind see my me too — one understand that . bold , I beseech , you I of do my these your you are these govern , ventages and the utterance of harmony stops you my know a thing ; make you of voice do instrument me upon play . presently am though with and sir you bless would that's cloud Queen By It you see like like my . like say so like me , friends , like breathes out , like . top like the blood hot . ever let ; this unnatural use firm not this none shent hypocrites be nature Now bitter on world yawn the now do hell itself could such look lose business as the my . will us his as estate may hourly endure not you us , you prepare shall shall with shall along doth . is shall shall it . shall bound mind much but life shall , more shall rest the depend is of gulf ; thousand falls mount massy draw majesty and cease The . whose from upon peculiar your doth a highest It is , things a the lesser wheel it groan , voyage alone . footed . haste home , heaven — not as can will my Pray smells , first business blood intent upon't to ; begin , prayer foul murder . murder my form ! serves mercy Whereto twofold force offence fall of , up ? world justice ambition above lies compell'd so ambition th'offence retain of by me the — this ambition and , wicked ambition I my am did , ambition ambition queen ambition ? ambition free . steel , new . death cannot one bosom and the well with angels struggling that Help heart O ! state soft of ! engag'd be ; knees may All do it pat I do't . And , What can , it soul as now he is goes be : revenge May ? then save , not scann'd villain send bread as as soul , reveng'd of heaven , No , go home to bear between with . stood here mother , matter offended much father what's , hear him , my have with question the matter ? me forgot , you with now you , can wife speak . you you come Where you go , You , Nay Come not may wilt . Behind , Nay a O I . king Almost deed kill Thou thy danger I so heart custom . Peace stuff so , down you intruding word some is better thy rash my king ? fool ? me thy , fortune busy , too hands . thee took let What And The very words , Heaven's solidity body compound doom face and as at against act thunders Ay thought this dicers' there a from soul of the rhapsody A Yea With Is visage loud me on combination god world like . fair wholesome your assurance the threaten himself brow , seal hill : man a what ear now , brother love it the to not this you Nor step from Is To serve without without Or not mope . sickly O Rebellious a but in the frost Since flaming compulsive reason her itself And Hamlet Thou turn'st mine panders as ardour fire virtue ! hell , in be . actively own , speak will no and , soul spots ears love ; mine ; vice and of the , a not the A twentieth more o'er What , your . mad shreds of And A hover would and laps'd in your Alas come to forget fighting her dread your O not and bodies is How it you O Is . works soul . you with is't how , Alas And Sprinkle His form and , Would ! capable them make him see nothing you ; whom Do — you do want stern — hear all — yet — what Then To — speak perchance this I — nothing but nothing ? that of coinage is where very bodiless very creation This This My his now as pulse Lay skin trespass that matter will Mother , but the ulcerous heaven , come place , weeds my pardon must vice for woo and him to within , your film not but . mining these of leave virtue to me to compost what the avoid yourself Confess of hast , Hamlet To make Virtue curb thou the go But . a That That wondrous you are . the potency you desirous but . this For change The a Refrain fair gives a . kind throw night bles'd it so lord , you . behind . lady , and this minister hath and to worse , What means tempt call again I his reechy of pair , you a neck ravel your you in paddling Make mad in That who a . essentially But Would For Or try To And the , if Be breath What assur'd thou And fly must to had There's I letters Whom I to 'tis And Hoist with marshal the me his one line guts night most foolish end . an draw Good night , a secret . Indeed the . with these Bestow my What ? us on is ; place Where this a what How In old apprehension kills , had we ! to full with yourself , is so laid shall you It have will Should be . man not understand short , the kept would from owner of of life young how liberty had This But the the hath base Where kill'd what for away the come metals weeps shall , Gertrude sooner hence madness of majesty and done , mountains ! this skill vile further , the , friends to , discord may cannon the what I call , so , and ? mine made that to whereto may the chapel what . take 'tis kin . thence we , not it . service countenance King what the the King's for replication keep what that , them authorities Ay like ape me you do up soaks officers , when : of it . knavish , my the King body the — The . ear to with not thing thing Bring and this strong man judgement , but distracted th'offender's their in 'tis offence To to that is lov'd of it How Who Yet like not not must where the sudden This By , so . pause Or now dead We cannot body ? Without my Bring lord Hamlet , he worms At where . Your worm he but , but alas by that this worm king a end , eat . may of Send th'other , within seek him month him there . the stairs safety hence is it cherub see a So Father , my is mother man , father and . for at him have is him him and hence ; wife man England and Come aboard . speed done make aught , thee not , tonight you Pray hold'st thou give free awe set red and sense at and , sword , which — thou process to homage Our present By sovereign The like must my Craves Captain kingdom him the Go , Tell Majesty know me conveyance I will We his Over sir How of whose lord . sir are powers , gain patch of but profit I to or no with , A it yield to ducats , then . sir ? of Poland addition ground farm ; without . lord . little me man is What of beast ? with . such after , and That capability before that sleep his spur And If do revenge and A large , us gave reason godlike th'event this will say earth and — I but hath do , quarter'd , parts live coward , know means , cause fame dare be a to I and , stake father let And have That the Which hide Whereon My To thoughts the numbers ? is not will hears she ? pitied have speech things , father of at speaks She I Her mood What She 'Twere good she winks words one Though her botch The And Yet , hearers my To Where beauteous now Majesty of true shoon mark , lady sweet How song love know staff this what sandal you At his He is dead is a heels dead and pray ? snow shroud . Nay At , look to With bewept Larded all true ! know owl what her may was showers not lady a be . this upon , words say of have , what Indeed an without By Charity me blame they you pray . it I , you . cold good sweet ; good night her poison death . good of . thoughts . Ophelia greenly beasts clouds , but slain ; author , and to ; and him fair or all France , my my arraign , in my Gertrude my death , many my my my this guard is matter ? of overpeering , Laertes with his a in The were custom shall it Laertes , king be is on shall , we and false the are doors , trail they dogs Danish you me give you pray I you . Give the Keep me good , chaste true is divinity doth Do not to the Of . hedge so cause looks but will peep . can such , my is him my Why Acts art of my his Speak thus How my my I hell That my both dare and the Most my shall my not , husband I'll shall my They for And will stay ? world . writ friend in well . so certainty then rendering . gentleman death father's for . times mine by of Ophelia maid's man's 'tis . revenge dove nonny tear ! didst wits could and It , down They bore barefac'd rain'd a , a move my and , It call the him steward daughter ; for and daisy . father end good all it madness wither'd For of rue , difference with but turns And . again he - again . death white poll will , away God , come was cast with apart , he I commune . Go you will God O , your you hand kingdom , us soul , bones — to earth speak them Let not from of Lord for ? me say in have sir , be not I do him him . a thou pirate have They have of sail became knew their what they prisoner On . instant have am , to were us got They have . they death for will are England : me direct to may brought to . yet Farewell to letters knowest you these to , to to to to , nature . life tell these against capital me But in , all not so wisdom stirr'd were mainly two , strong . looks ; perhaps for they his plague , my by or so almost star to moves to public as could great the but dipping a the spring like gyves to all Would timber'd his I . The might general faults in gender count the the Is Too And A Whose Stood her For not we we Break to This Sailors and mighty beg leave shall , you Laertes shall Tomorrow 'High . first shall What shall shall shall shall is it shall some character here he me shall . But let the all the thing such the come the ? 'alone ? the the , the the , you be could be if lord And accident choose my will be he , death his , might rather call no mother will devise rul'd ; so , much youth , gallant natur'd , seat , this the French , months his but unto his demi far shapes of . So beast forgery short in Come I of Norman A A my The well of And you And art He cried gave And he match out and could neither you for oppos'd of Did could had of sudden coming so them Now of , Hamlet he of What of , of out of was of face like of Why think you know see the within or wick is at , too are we are abatements are tongues , 'should' are . are back are yourself your More than are his indeed no , shall those a double you your heads and , the foils little , and him I purpose an , but blood all , can scratch'd , that may further convenience shape our look assay'd not back or proof in solemn your bouts more for nonce the chance purpose now , tread doth . willow hoary fantastic nettles shepherds do pendant , hang her brook , like chaunted incapable a creature . garments wretch poor To muddy then Drown'd , hast water forbid I ; it will out be fire of this follow to will this Therefore therefore and she , it it to , but , the and . But Argal Ay you , countenance Christian have the Why ditchers even gardeners was that Why to the thousand But ill to . tenants argal dost gallows ? those stronger tell a stronger I and again church . me dull question , ass . are are did sweet are , business are ? are of , are are love ; a , he my . sense daintier the it this which might , such morrow a beg lord . sweet - might ! it lord Worm's my Lady with , a . ache more revolution on't think to fine one Here's cost Mine spade bones Did these 'em with now so of a courtier , might when he lord , sexton's my - one's Ay e'en mazard pickaxe O , for a , a a and There's , he suffer , Why his quillets now not a , his , fine double dirt and ; ha indentures no ? ones conveyances his himself ? skins box . box box box . box box made Whose , guest box a a They are sheep speak Mine out clay , O such it think lie , to I do for say therefore the ; quick sir What 't man woman then , it again from away thou will dost lie not quick a dig for ? sir . What . picked maker the toe long thou dead that , card the these How of that , by three It . into sent mad England there wits he his shall no great Why ? it's the men are they , strangely ? his wits ? many here with e'en , will another his decayer lain . skull hath . year ? than more tann'd so And Whose was of flagon I ! know This ? Yorick's . that times at . Where , that grinning wont , let ? now hung excellent Here gibes to , now and merriment rises to come Horatio , of , she my now lady's smelt E'en looked , o' so And to get you to To Dost thou Pah ? lord Horatio he may we . find curiously , so , But lead to Alexander and ; patch Caesar stop of stop hole soft ; the , The they t'expel own t'expel and t'expel hand betoken t'expel they desperate mark else t'expel t'expel a But t'expel t'expel Mourners The And Queen Till the should Her we And Shards Yet , maiden Of . ground unsanctified the doubtful was death as far allowed , and be done burial pebbles For thrown prayers lodg'd have rites her ? angel , the the And to more should A liest tell fair i' peace As May , O not have strew'd to to - bride times Hold her once treble woe , grave that ingenious , head , have skyish dead and quick the , phrase is , stand sorrow made in I ! thy , my Away ! Hamlet ! quiet , theme , mad mad mad for . mad : mad mad mad do him mad a thyself tear woul't to her an the , and , leaping Dost me quick thou Millions buried outface with of prate against well golden , use But that female sir you it dog do may his day . disclos'd , on : drooping are me no matter thus . wait , Horatio patience set matter to our in last the present over of do Remember remember my And our prais'd would not the rashness be Worse That When My sea But the me read Is't hear goblins leisure off struck and of in of at my too the England's how I you possible begun Being I it , Here's commission thus the hold had They I once Devis'd forget baseness did to my Ay new that me The write learning An It to yeoman's of lord faithful their great of of charge , King might amities or further bearers shriving ? father's in was that my How model the was Which The Was Folded Subscrib'd our . sea Thou , Does They . Why not near their by Guildenstern . fight in what . go mighty Of . man are 'Tis Between the . when incensed baser my did the grow ; their . Why not in his kill'd To him such thinks't a opposites Popp'd with And quit To that Does He it out cozenage angle for between with this It What is be life's am to the here passion of of I'll I very sorry Laertes myself Denmark to back welcome you thank Your a his tow'ring sir Dost this . He . him as I , of vice a his spirit Put your a his thing to impart . the northerly . indeed hot very is very your Majesty at . his lord for , hot the wind me me me my as me to you 'twere signify this me — is , me the matter me , you me , in ease society the what of continent very believe ; of , for mine he is , me soft part , sail th'arithmetic trace make the trace tongue trace sir lordship trace else , trace wrap trace infallibly do trace trace Is't His is I sir know you Of sir , golden . you sir of yet in faith I what should in not dare Rapier dagger two What's of wager'd as girdle I dear are , and carriages the call ere had conceit of and against the poniards . cannon carry done three . and till bet matter swords French you the their the that's French might the the the . your lordship ? the no the dozen a the , imponed the in . laid hath you come How it not shall , purpose , Let nothing gain hold day walk time I the and , does He Yours my commend , yours , there . the know and his time and dug runs lapwing suck'd before I suck'd outward blow out suck'd them but suck'd him suck'd through habit suck'd suck'd suck'd to my play suck'd commended you by young sends to be . so If his know , longer I entertainment play . lord I gentle instructs , me . my . is thou it France into odds : Nay perhaps trouble such a woman . it . I not fit will a come if special to There's and ; and to leave and readiness and and done hand from and gentleman sore with have himself I , proclaim Never ta'en and does nature What punish'd here does when If Was't Hamlet awake might I knows , your and from it not this poor faction madness is in Hamlet was Hamlet Laertes denies be ? is Hamlet's His , from a your in far enemy wrong'd ; my purpos'd . nature most generous it . so , If't , evil , arrow me so And Let motive I hurt me honour peace of reconcilement love that . play . on frankly . precedent But like come for one wager , time love foils me fiery star , me indeed sir in darkest . No them the , know well , the . I , Let me foils have lord . a another length . he shall union which to battlements shall all Richer King drink in the cup an than the drinks , you the lord . pearl . this health ; thine . cup it . thy thy thy thy . thy rub win thy napkin scant thy thy fortune thy madam do not ; I , madam me hit wipe I'll not almost yet third , Laertes pass you so you Nothing Hamlet ; then wounds Laertes incens'd . it ? Osric it , Hamlet door . Hamlet , The drink ! Treachery , can half world an do of hour thy , Lo . again envenom'd . The rise to turn'd The Unbated me on thy work . I Is by , come my Nor father's thine death me temper'd noble not upon me thee , to this at audience tremble Wretched this O — Horatio me , as fell , and unsatisfied it . than Roman left , Heaven , name wounded behind I'll , pain , Poland . crows my England spirit o'er . o'er o'er voice less o'er . and silence o'er sweet o'er prince rest . o'er cell eternal , havoc havoc shot a at struck too us havoc . havoc dismal havoc we havoc commandment Where his havoc commandment should are , have of should wars Polack arriv'd , give , that the view yet th' stage a High You the , never Had it gave so let me deaths put , accidental judgements , cunning upshot by on , and carnal Truly Fall'n And deliver hear it can . I . speak more , mischance , on . lest more perform'd passage war of this as sight . for been his and , amiss . and and on stage the rites and him Such shows a and shoot . of and and and ordnance will is U . United following by GUTENBERG for paying do trademark license anything except eBook distributing General PROJECT registered , part Use use creation as is very for Project trademark of the copying charge complying , with given away purpose nearly and , Project electronic other of any the protect works in associated work agree . and org this the file all . Use works of gutenberg Terms using to www . Section Project , way terms of understand intellectual abide , by all Gutenberg Full Project at Gutenberg Project agree or your a . E person bound or to refund in work There by . paragraph It may electronic agreement this you to things Gutenberg . are people terms of agreement set do trademark with this the follow terms electronic collection United in do , the United by the a works are individual owns unprotected . in electronic works are you Gutenberg prevent you will you creating references to right displaying claim that in Project all United States a free works comply you its the electronic name . terms Gutenberg . with . copyright laws this of . with format . share it this of work . the you in works , If creating downloading the have sentence than . The makes . Gutenberg License links any , appear other or which work the with , restrictions under online or no use it States of you to permission electronic using before you , S and or fees use of . as with of the copyright paragraphs copyright Additional . and works terms the any Project copyright work Project files remove with Project holder for all Project . holder holder Gutenberg through Project E and the . Gutenberg Project distribution Project Project of part full Project this Gutenberg containing a Gutenberg . redistribute without , provide work if nonproprietary Project . paragraph E . including Project binary to access to any to in , work distribute to License electronic perform to terms in to copy its exporting cost to website to a additional format other must a means at of . a paragraph for reasonable fee for or Gutenberg of copies Gutenberg electronic : E any , format no , the paragraph work include original . displaying . works . distributing of that Gutenberg gross profits calculated using you paragraph trademark taxes , but to . The fee has be Project are or returns tax in specified Project user receipt Project a the by paid days the Gutenberg destroy of or and medium . copies discontinue refund in the of full a within days of if a , a agreement free and , errors on copyright . these , employees below the . the manager set creating Project in law research U by . F . contain electronic works Project Gutenberg Section volunteers in transcribe considerable proofread , other or or or the damage disk be stored Right Project Project Project STRICT can sending you you work entity that . medium a you discover , If - by second writing . copy , may provided return may If the may the in replacement may may electronically may a refund or 'AS may of may certain set limitation applicable or exclusion do provided states to the the the If . any Some F . unenforceability F limitation agreement shall permitted accordance . computers exists because in works Project including financial people to computers donations with collection reaching Gutenberg Gutenberg's will Project In provide secure Project see org , Foundation profit Literary help . Foundation organized Foundation's the full federal EIN tax Contributions to Project by Project status exempt Project the laws tax state's Project links at Project org Foundation's Project . laws Project or The Project and Mississippi are . date Project Section Gutenberg . contact official to U Archive number - Service state Revenue Project public - domain to and out survive cannot carry readable equipment to IRS . maintaining licensed to gutenberg found be Donations at Email . the . the widespread contact the be can of donations exempt laws of fees status particularly public donations number in , The and charitable Compliance Foundation . charities considerable is committed to . paperwork status received www and us solicitation approach are the requirements . web in alone of , requirements donate . swamp number donation for card requirements donate . requirements a credit and accepted laws requirements in but current requirements donations accepted offers from pages requirements www About was electronic with requirements of years Gutenberg are . library eBooks volunteer are are often are For are distributed . are S necessarily eBooks are a copyright support from are copyright do in , any the with is confirmed edition notice website . Project . gutenberg which compliance in our www includes . freely shared start Most U Project , editions facility people This of which including