answer , Stand yourself ? Long 'Tis now twelve carefully . He King the me . at . to most Barnardo Get your hour thee Francisco , bitter thanks had you , quiet mouse . Marcellus there this my watch Well Not ? make haste Who ! is ho meet Horatio , bid . Dane good . place , Barnardo good . there ? Say Holla him - night is What Welcome With dreaded I if watch may the to That eyes him us along him this Horatio will Therefore sight , entreated this again twice take let not 'tis to of of , appear our minutes of speak not , story seen ears . Well so Sit And That we again apparition made now let , same Where break Peace , figure In yond When Had his burns , westward speak of this , heaven again wonder , it where and — it ? the ; King speak me spoke harrows It would dead . buried the with thou art It is By ? march that which it In majesty fair Question usurp'st heaven Together that sometimes See , it speak , speak ! gone ! 'Tis , Stay ! now Horatio not ! Is this What ! Before How my ! God Without Thus twice the frown'd With what some before and scope me nightly sit , foreign why So for implements , my gone at work particular the gross strange , toils daily of impress not might night that - the is't can divide That can toward be the even joint know you Thereto this Fortinbras of on ratified the to with side so stood forfeit he seiz'd this slay gaged by the Which he Against been the To His fell , Did Did his life , Hath And Was to in As it a food up hath But the For Of mettle , sir , Now unimproved and main our post The Of may of and e'en figure state strong our unto us , by So Is it A little most The is through think Comes armed I A the it it In That is and in squeak And , heaven As Unto the whose the trains and Did Was even almost sun of prologue harbingers earth And influence like to preceding earth still climatures countrymen it Stay voice illusion , me earth ease Speak any Speak though , good to sound behold it thou to thee do it , earth there ! Lo blast , me use . or thing and to , to earth country's thy , foreknowing speak uphoarded happily me hast earth to grace be you and earth in Stay it the ! death , earth walk in to of thy life speak partisan in oft fate , it stand my , crew started summons a when malicious air of , invulnerable violence ! show I trumpet the fearful speak , day , sea Th'extravagant confine present object of the probation erring or , in hies air , And was , Upon with cock , the This his that of our they are , and and dew our we Break what do morn up the Let Hamlet for upon my speak will duty ? it . pray shall , do't Where Walks As needful Laertes we yon of acquaint and him I I loves shall ; him to find and Voltemand Attendant and know our morning whole with on , queen him now . our grief state , discretion sorrow of us death kingdom joy , befitted brother's , defeated , in dropping our think warlike and , nor scale in In funeral mirth Taken equal wisest , dirge we herein Fortinbras young of all dear and eye with For know freely have late and his death , our which have delight gone thanks our of us those , worth bonds of , disjoint of you supposal our dream pester advantage message , dole out with frame brother's of , all much law be with the lands meeting have time him . state Colleagued He Lost Thus Who lists nephew's - of is and ourself for this much Now our by To , To impotent Norway For good and herein , The His You Giving CORNELIUS and ; with all things , Farewell And You That shall , duty duty scope heart the to native more not is head The wouldst Denmark of more the What Than The thou hand not your lose Your is speak of us throne instrumental whence and though duty , bend thoughts Yet your father's beseech him leave give Laertes , I , his will my hath I do laboursome graces my more cousin you thy Upon By you Aside . little , Seek And so my , How Not Passing common not it If be . seems mother not good I , die eternity common must dust the , lives that . with thee , solemn forc'd passeth , eye , the in river of , These a all That the nature , a and commendable in your , for father to , sorrow obligation duties these his , lost father To sweet and know within actions have you trappings father your But To A Take what shows Of As An A To heart any against most be a unschool'd and thing vulgar heart understanding simple our , Fie ? should 'This You This must From As , In Than It Here And Do , Our , we Let , not the thee I pray thy , in , is chiefest stay in , as Why ourself a my I Be gentle This in shall to jocund No And Sits great the smiling But O Thaw earthly heaven . not would ! world unweeded garden unprofitable ! God this of , uses things it That should and come ! flesh this nature : two not mother on hang would , had within ! earth heaven , him of to my 'tis ! woman — body even mine discourse reason , of poor with shoes like my father's , wants unrighteous month Within most galled is name were , of to flushing salt . followed she old eyes her father she uncle to , tears ! tongue . with friend ever . sir even from lord so ? own enemy hear you it . you affair Elsinore know you no do my truster your drink say ; good But my to ere depart fellow it upon . The follow'd funeral tables meats hard foe , my in ? lord I see father . goodly like his for he ; once my . a Horatio in again him all . you these admiration , of may Season an Upon the This God's Marcellus at and whilst of . not with oppress'd his dumb Almost , dreadful the had made both the did This , kept your . platform upon , lord My apparition These hands comes I word deliver'd was I once we it as like it lord My up But made it vanish'd even the at motion answer did , it It Itself to lifted the 'Tis live did we I do , let indeed We Hold , And Then yes , or . pale upon had would And fix'd , anger you . there been saw't . tell . BARNARDO Very MARCELLUS like with Longer and might longer was haste , His Not as I A , no silver'd it pray you should hell I my peace father's , you I I . tonight again . So , requite And be else shall no fare though all gape and tongue , your 'twixt loves whatsoever you And Your platform the your an it Our Though duty as sit the then my would : to night were the soul ; come eyes . rise will deeds farewell ! play still some doubt And For Do And hear let , convoy are necessaries assistant doubt . sleep hear give Farewell his of hear a ? so hear hear ; minute ; lasting hear , grow mind you but cautel ; will his loves besmirch fear ; own : not Perhaps he is soil withal greatness Grows And virtue himself his bulk ; but does more inward The He may himself and voice and his of on persons do doth you his whole circumscrib'd state his not is ; not subject will to his be of main Then Or Than the your To too give May lose the it far yielding therefore credent his Ophelia , it she in before their and are disclos'd of fear , youth near . keep But good heaven , do pastors way as , rebels this reckless ; treads of his libertine good brother and dalliance rede my my some ungracious though itself the to I As Himself I Occasion smiles here wind sits But not double , shame your , grace leave a And Look Nor any familiar . thy soul adoption tried . vulgar . my , upon is . sail There Aboard a shoulder for unto them thou not each Grapple friends are Those thou And these few thy their by thy palm unfledg'd but , rank : be chief that gaudy station the rich thy of France apparel fancy censure th'opposed - Give not For express'd select borrower the to oft purse ; in , follow : false this edge thine as of self any in own both nor best both , buy a generous both lender the man both . both . day true . friend both be leave my thee the be your . both tend , my Farewell hath . yourself , he said , have in shall invites the bounteous . bethought well something , you me , of free — I must . you , clearly ? many me circumstance you girl call what perilous such his Pooh Affection He , between you hath my tenders , should a of you'll honourable hath tender a fashion me the more fool dearly me , to go . lord . my for tenders sterling crack — not are to thus not — it Running you given With And how these heat their must fire a in the do may In Ay vows holy , a command scanter him tether he blazes woodcocks springes the You may be given And to in his believe Not Than that Do Be in Even not your dye like to , not The would I not Believe larger a Breathing better of from this all show Ophelia , for Lord come ; shall give you , charge talk with slander terms you any you . and , or so in you Look Have I you air you you you hour think bites is It King the wont draws near lord his rouse walk reels , then to it . season . struck held spirit , I The Keeps The Is it a custom . it he kettle mind , though am custom . phrase : observance is a , breach headed and heavy the , the east of and perform'd swinish ; reason forts and pales by Or , much of star , as dram censure . scandal my lord , a his particular As that virtues Look Angels From all Doth and thee , will I King me not , father , ministers spirit intents Why Hath cast up thee , Revisit'st thou That Making beyond do , hearsed thee again corse , to Wherefore disposition should complete What ? go with impartment away to alone some you did more what . a removed with you But It , go waves Look ground . action means no it speak not not Do courteous to do ; not by should life what cliff follow you his , at can it Or beetles your other the the itself do thing toward dreadful of form sea , it immortal again , fee fear be a flood of of brain , lord , my into Think every the sea it ? puts motive many roar I'll . desperation . thee still to into fathoms more looks You shall Hold ; you your . lord so It rul'd follow on My makes Be not go , hands off body nerve me lets me heaven I'll hardy And say away , a on in Nemean ghost lion's , that follow thee . come him Denmark . this the follow . Speak me I'll ? lead will render sulph'rous come . me Mark to . not bound hear ? spirit father's a , shalt am of in fast walk But that to to day foul and a tale of . days fires night , done thou when , for crimes What I the my in unfold thy the unfold ; stars secrets thy each unfold ever dear unfold most and unfold foul ! unnatural Murder unfold unfold strange and best wings the foul Haste But most to As , that in foul know't May sweep the revenge in so process of hear death , thee thee ear my Denmark noble youth crown thee , orchard . thee , beast traitorous adulterate wit ! uncle thee , my O , wit to that his thee won , gifts ! most a what , and his to With Hamlet O will So O witchcraft wicked Ay gifts lust queen there dignity decline . poor never of orchard air scent . hour , angel the Sleeping thy my did pour ; be link'd , heaven shape a the garbage always be methinks I a on in effect of the doth about loathsome , eager blood smooth by at once dispatch'd , with body brother's hand blood it alleys , to account queen of crust it . my sleeping in , head tetter crown all : posset droppings All , it bark'd Unhous'led reckoning horrible the . So and Thus life Cut nature royal bed most - not luxury , most my off With thou thou and of blossoms of But mother aught leave not ! even my my , damned Denmark horrible O thy those sting to soul imperfections . Fare bosom , on O thorns her well lodge contrive Let matin in pale , thee adieu bear , fire me What ! Remember uneffectual thy , her nor pursu'st not this poor bear you host all couple I his of , stiffly wipe all the ? youth , Remember ? my Hold not , heart old thee memory ? my records seat instant . up Yea Ay All is , uncle At least one tables , Meet villain most , smile you I there 'Adieu am . O matter . damned ; word my me . bird ! ho , lord come . lord it lord O , lord , would you'll HORATIO and , my MARCELLUS of man . secret be heaven by lord dwelling think it ? in arrant lord us are And Why ; right , To tell this fit so hold I You Such as , business your man is Look you every that and desire desire own pray and point , part , friends , between soldiers , And one Give are as honest to may friends desire me you , What you is't Never My known ? scholars HORATIO what , faith I . swear't , will . not not . tonight have . boy ha Come , the Consent to ? there sword . my fellow this . Swear . so Swear gentlemen ? the in again you . th'earth good so . this wondrous by your speak Beneath my that we'll Then , Swear Canst hither of ! And Never Well more and strange things night Once Swear more i' , more remove more a , bear it give stranger dreamt I odd never , But , more meet think head we , more phrase if would' might' they and be and more doubtful — me , this . on help could need . your : out to do , not you . shake shall , if giving ; speak' such mercy ambiguous and at of aught Beneath , Rest With God these Reynaldo cursed O and . pray , spite . to was out you Of . notes shall Give me Enquire Marry And , That they Than in As part thus And Take Ay , if't ; he so part in 'And ' well As forgeries he's ; slips well 'not wild on there and you I him wild heed him very put that , usual , go swearing far quaintly blood fiery , assault unreclaimed of outbreak general lord ? my here's lord should you do this sullies , working , th' be assur'd would crimes ' consequence this 'friend — warrant . i' sound him in or the to country you a party , my little Mark seen thing breathe youth Having you with so According He ever in man guilty , prenominate ; 'gentleman' or addition about he say does was something I the consequence and ' consequence' : 'I , or and such so in ' . t'other marry as rouse of See you , advice , bias gentleman day o'ertook : house carp wisdom of we him saw bait falling he gaming , of of out directions have You son my and Your And God Good inclination my him shall yourself I , you my . lord in you . let Well now How , I . the been so have Ophelia . what's affrighted my all he , look knees out been so piteous comes thy love for fear . of truly had a As To And shirt , head with down and he - to loosed in knocking horrors before ? lord My took , I me not Then goes He with his to What the by do And He falls And thrice , he draw last — a would rais'd his he As And He seem'd with being For out it He And to o' As his And end Come go the This with Whose is leads As That does , What have , my afflict No you And I good , I am had not I meant And quoted sorry It to To seems As To lack it cast must be discretion More This known grief Welcome Moreover The that need Our Of did hasty Hamlet's did Since Resembles did that nor More his So did I much , did cannot That being And since did That of you so than To draw So little him much That , aught Some And gentlemen sure I To whom To he Whether show As to For Good Your As the Might , by Put your here To Thanks My Thanks too And presence presence return'd . Pleasant bring presence Heavens Norway presence , news lord presence good my soul King of presence brain this policy cause us'd the trail of it presence not do I think my I The hath hold Give first admittance that and God duty my O th'ambassadors lunacy I else of very of My be tells He do news fruit Thyself head fruit fruit His , fruit is father's doubt The fruit I , fruit brother ! marriage , but the all other our , my greetings and him and no sift Norway . suppress appear'd he and in brief , preparation your be Was Fortinbras On To Makes of th'assay thousand to in your sends griev'd found to Polack borne Norway three him And So , employ crowns , you , vow as it On please herein before safety well at And Answer , and As It more think at rest Meantime . feast - this further dominions your , you likes consider'd upon together ended , well to , night is expostulate . and what madam This What Why Therefore but day majesty is , since to day And My nothing will Most for your welcome and be tediousness Were But ; the to that , art at all that cause then I for 'tis with use I matter that 'tis mad , be brief is't that that go for but let that , is farewell And that let we rather , say us it Madam he But Mad For I that . remainder of of whilst the a Who , ill a me daughter in given That's vile idol Now duty have an the celestial phrase this shall phrase , and effect To from . obedience to her you vile ; move . have to be will I liar O means , place , art , I believe is , him it this his by mine ? think she you and me ; solicitings and honourable , book - might tell love must love mute table here idle love with love thus I love , out herself love , should love she took messengers receive his tokens resort . tale short fruits the a , lightness madness all we It there That If truth from circumstances hid , centre it in the we try further four . lobby state fall'n love . leave me you O try presently my try does God , try you . do try the sadly good a mercy try try ? lord - Hamlet give . man one kissing daughter ? a , a lord my dead dog , being a my lord look to't blessing . is ; far . he as gone my love read very . old thick men their have amber wit a like thus have I if powerfully set crab . in't method ? his is you , of walk sir All which they wrinkled , weak - plum gum ; and not backward go be of between madness leave leave my lord and part that take , my my I except life is . he there . you , honoured lord My dear ! lord thou Hamlet Lord God Polonius indifferent of over the soles her very children the how , do children earth . happy - children ye children children are button . children children . a me at deserved ? to . Let prison , my so there is prison . and bad mind king a . substance . your or a narrow count for airy and so it were , not that I the outstretch'd heroes I , servants with you and reason . For . fay and ROSENCRANTZ you , not , are that dear the beaten way of what am the make a nay a dear it thanks too inclining poor in am even with ? Is friends What to But the You , Come should say your were have sent rights of ? say , love . feather moult anticipation no all my forgone have that all your , congregation of reason admirable pestilent why fire heavily me you , a how with noble and golden and foul fretted me work and animals Man your of in , by though , an faculties me that plays shall knight , gratis sigh players did My Why , think my lord you shall of the He not ; hither king adventurous say for't those whose laugh shall lady the Even How Do they hold chances their inhibition , How No indeed grow are they pace they ? when did they they so ? it endeavour rapiers they are pursue they , like afterwards their and for , nation is say wrong escoted they ? they holds the no money cuffs There question possible no ? longer than better do poet there , if to been their if has to has the Is't on controversy . throwing uncle for for father in , lived out . give twenty picture if . hands come me comply . Your Let . which I players natural the . Elsinore players , aunt dear ? are you must you with deceived , mother southerly father , a . yours clouts an . his old man say . you , yet them ; of ear each . 'twas so . swaddling for twice me child players a a for tell of is to sir have I , news : My , to the . my . When news I lord Monday best The , tragical . comedy pastoral on buzz - liberty heavy of treasure and O the , the Israel fair What , of law unlimited pastoral actors pastoral Seneca writ Jephthah Jephthah , me I The judge . 'One not loved I . have lord Nay on , not daughter a ? on I love on my ? Jephthah on that , God you most comes abridgement chanson , show on came on , lot then pass the It , The first to as , good and are , We'll , of not your . I , wot . voice , well thee see to face ? ring . than Masters taste a us falconers speech . French within chopine a , lady gold . all of thee the speech a , in scenes play the for , whose , play well I matter the caviare above author affectation savoury digested one , and of especially chiefly memory 'Twas very . where begin loved It is , purpose he this not his couched he lay in it more Pyrrhus as and heraldry is this gules dismal , whose with the trick'd foot complexion black . mothers a tyrannous impasted and murders total of vile . in Roasted a fathers And Hath With Now Bak'd That eyes o'ersized rugged The God well with 'Fore With their , grandsire thus , like To my wrath , Striking short his command , him antique it match'd . Unequal lies senseless a , head falls father the a , Then , where sword flaming lo on , as , And Of like to with Pyrrhus Repugnant But reverend neutral his , milky his to Th'unnerved Seeming prisoner So But the Did seem'd feel Pyrrhus' was th'air stick with blow . and tyrant Pyrrhus storm , and matter , hideous the i' , sets the for hammers orb rack speechless death forg'd than after Pyrrhus' on Priam thunder , fall eterne sword you All ! away power , of , her her , bleeding take proof Cyclops' did never out In take for jig barber's a tale with , of beard to and Fortune from take the down low round spokes hill heaven take ; fiends . take long . or take Prithee — bawdry to , is threat'ning tongue mobled 'Mobled down Who this , seen Fortune's But if gods , and of o'erteemed . all A and clout queen' ! rheum stood . upon that head a , loins did make not eyes of all , steep'd caught her that at . tears in's . eyes heaven — then , no no no no gods , the bestowed well players no have out speak are use you to let . this Do no . Take and sirs no . Follow thou me ? you play The Murder . bounty honour man every your in is my . own your Come lord a study of tomorrow . for ? a them Gonzago speech some , in't could of you . set could , that Follow and Guildenstern night till Rosencrantz . Good my ye slave to Elsinore him and , wi' My welcome friends Now player I , lord his to a visage aspect suiting ! nothing Hecuba would ; here of distraction , For ? fiction a from in A to her in That Tears force That forms broken voice eyes And all his should he And The and and What peak rascal ears amaze speech with for he stage and not cause king for . dreams muddy - faculties the motive and drown ear very have ignorant - mettled the , he or her general dull say Who me , throat , coward face ? gall , does for me the Who , ere and region kites , cannot bawdy , all fatted oppression , gives Remorseless To am I - to nose , lungs the should make gives I vengeance lecherous , most gives be gives it th' this gives ! brave gives , this speak , words heart my brain to proclaim'd have . murder the malefactions , these I'll no the a have very the , like fall my with , presently play ! a ! that scene players of he have power ? on of lunacy days his puts no all and harshly can . conscience I'll you And , this dangerous he by why Grating from him so With turbulent distracted to madness forward him bring his he a But we do Nor When a a a a a We a Did To Good And all With hear ; and see the matter . so him sent Ophelia accident judge frankly , or love his as myself have we bestow of gather he thus That be by as That For Her And and We so that encounter of th'affliction may bring To Will Hamlet's your I , him obey I way it this , the you . do your , may , this give himself we action pious devil do to exercise an that sugar with Ophelia . ourselves bestow — Read so on colour in may oft too doth my visage o'er , harlot's more How The coming To be hear him my is Let's nobler them . 'tis to arrows against end more heart flesh that wish'd To : the and ? arms ache sleep have us pause of dream , by ; is be perchance we give calamity of off to heir makes bear so There's life . man's , dispriz'd would That a . Must who oppressor's That himself he sweat merit bodkin and ? the love shuffled . death of the , law's the and the office of When patient and might the dread that traveller country that cowards not ? whose weary grunt The And does under bare No makes Who But fly conscience others us returns to o'er with great currents and of pale regard ! Nymph sins , Soft turn of cast the puzzles undiscover'd enterprises their pith us we ills all , many of yours ? day well . compos'd ; know them . you lost well breath mind unkind ? did perfume noble prove lord my when givers ha , you Are ? no admit . than can force will sooner honesty beauty better to fair , be beauty Could truly is a bawd than . my ; virtue . more of I such am proud beck accuse at them to had yet I offences or old . have to time than very . breeder . sinners things ways and I I . fool the dowry nowhere may not heavens ! Where's . At him be in's I'll pure farewell if sweet thee snow . monsters wilt of . marry needs escape too Farewell ! hath wantonness amble . nunnery , say , mad To all make . your I , of quite , eye quite deject and , of honey suck'd , that ladies most of out sovereign blown feature harsh , youth me what little disclose his seen in and the , some seen do I be And which seen have I of he danger doubt . seen madness , Blasted what seen have seen I affections seen his His There's though in down , think beating matter in shall neglected shall quick to determination with different countries expel him puts his you thus , heart do of commencement us lord , what do . the Hamlet , ear . him with . think best please . shall must be so not ones great pronounced you players not do as all , say but spoke use my , it mouth pray crier such capable give it , as , you - soul a . most hear rags I as that , robustious to to part very tame to of , the of praise the so of that there be one which make the , of , Nature's , pagan some , Christian profanely thought , and heard we have have reform'd they neither others having had have have there question necessary have and a shows of of them have that to play pitiful ambition laugh have will speak clowns spectators the . have have ? presently . of . piece lord it . Go barren then be that make hasten them . my GUILDENSTERN lord , What at , thee candied let revenue I not think e'en lord a the poor good thee spirits flatter'd ? choice election hast hear nothing been ? are - me for so buffets . that For , pregnant the thrift In Hast my That ta'en stop comes of , it a do I Which told of thee is what passion's , play thou see'st thy foot circumstance the near have , A equal judgement , I seen guilt speech have foul occulted in that note one we heedful ; his his are to him judgements face . as our rivet ; censure his both mine after In of damned And Vulcan's I Give imaginations my eyes stithy As For steal aught Well he 'scape I whilst my detecting we are Get the , the They to If A coming . How . flourish i' fares : the our , faith Rosencrantz - you of Enter ; chameleon's cousin Guildenstern crammed with . To now th'university Polonius this , lord answer Hamlet I What , my . promise nothing mine Julius Caesar did , was kill I part of him kill brute . kill Come , my a hither kill ; Ay kill , No the King . good lord kill , mother Lady kill To I shall , here's do my lie , upon my . legs ? matters lap your ? maids' . are nothing country meant merry I do be but lord my . jig , cheerfully , Nay heavens twice wear or whose is ; then , may very show upon lovingly of neck and his is he , and embracing him Queen unto the ! asleep kisses it some three , The . returns and her pours him . protestation his She a King kneels declines a , The lament to woos this with What miching fellow : tell by know shall , this Marry Belike , any or are naught Full thirty times a brief About love the dozen times . been most and world Neptune's wash Phoebus' . woman's love 'Tis gone thirties moon love you me again bands and be , in , cart done o'er journeys ground sheen did sacred twelve and may . borrow'd sun , know you , late distrust , must fear hath holds proof , is love is great siz'd shortly too : as . kind . there love to world in belov'd My , In love None wed base I do When Are Which Purpose now Of we believe But , Most is pay what To But What Where Their This joy That world joys is The The And great The For who hitherto lead 'tis not love shall a want down doth him his his mark never enemy . try friend : favourite friends hollow seasons needs enemies prove nor with us flies love to else fortune on friend should loves a poor The But So thoughts wills and Our our advanc'd anchor's lock give their to in none ! from devices still are overthrown . from from from from from , a and spirits And never come rock Sleep Madam The lady but how protests she'll Is there her word methinks , th' world offence in't ? in ; is his image but us not the puppets . I if love lord , and you , a you are you keen cost my , You It Thoughts , and , mixture hands , of else creature midnight usurp magic and estate wholesome no weeds and doth time leave thy . revenge , see anon story how The wife the gets th'garden and , extant , lights hart the . razed , players roses , if sleep ; feathers away some play watch must sir Turk with , Would shoes this not me So a fellowship whole himself A very the the lord the Come the not . well ghost's perceive , my . with you . word . history whole me vouchsafe , of distempered signify with choler . purgation . and . spirit . pronounce affliction of . this courtesy , make not if , me is you commandment lord , my sir say — mother answer . My command the . admiration mother mother's this mother , rather diseased , my lord . her ! admiration you to bed any you did once you do so And My I with her our lord trade ? me and pickers stealers surely friend . bar . to something why a toil musty is , unmannerly himself . lack I have you Sir , succession the when one be understand . Will , grass if duty , lord recorders the wind my if I know no : these ventages with cannot do of my . your it the are these it beseech I touch , utterance skill to command . with of you make you stops of note me top this out in would pluck most not finger discourse and I stops the would have I will you you voice lowest ; thing , me cannot bless me , what think , though little ? and it , would God Queen with of . you ? speak you you , cloud pipe a upon . me that's 'tis backed a . like weasel camel is like my It by — a to and a a now yawn such bitter a . very . Now on thy a world this the Leave a witching lose be of daggers Nero Soft to , my she , but be stands , her cruel somever give To I To I I like seals soul never How in them let him his your so of Hazard And of near The he To Most all keep not near That spirit it summit spokes thousand doth wheel , speedy ; upon free too will ROSENCRANTZ now For My that you process the , more warrant . some makes audience , well partial you and wisely than it them you you dear , what I you Fare I'll said , bed , not I can defeats to I first bound strong as curse smells blood ? serves sweet offence business intent , hand . world ? up , still did , and the what am this justice by wicked of our What then . it can , state the it can soul be the struggling ! repentance evidence can O Help ; the that and the ! heart angels with born babe steel the the praying heaven that villain not full for , blown as hire is stands who circumstance father this son villain his my his how audit all And 'Tis he When When he sword , At That Or Then is , and th'incestuous gaming drunk , has in no fit take the know thou for season'd asleep swearing relish soul This My Words him will words The and thoughts lay me stood home to to . Grace I'll be . you Mother too you broad and him , mother silence you , Fear him matter tongue . offended . much thy hast Mother you come , wicked Hamlet ? mother speak can you me ? glass shall not a you , brother's my . of inmost wilt ho , ducat a Dead for , What . Behind Behind . me I Nay , How A ? O not Is . deed it done ? King As with bad is . a thee to your too your heart a . be be made not have custom a a hands of bulwark a that and proof noise a ? sense it so a , stuff against Peace , That I What That have so grace blurs and and as the mass face . the from of soul as false As The A An See this counterfeit The curls , the was presentment Hyperion's like lighted A station upon of herald indeed , Mercury seated , and picture front Jove . assurance did grace what brothers , himself kissing set man seal a what hill eyes of his , now Look your age eyes you at but feeling , difference some madness would Sense ? what : have to this motion sure you to tame ; moor call hey And The That Ears To serve Nor But without so thou but Or To And Hamlet in compulsive her canst melt in When not youth mope Since Rebellious in in burn , in matron's Proclaim charge , bones . as in in the doth . into black and tinct in ; ears more . the pocket diadem rule . figure go ! would he's . patches , of son time O forget thy purpose sits . almost on to , her whet between in Speak strongest fighting lady you Hamlet . mother . discourse on , you , blood upon preaching you to me stones glares see . that is ? you ; did you nothing , even ! your brain time temperately music Ecstasy . Bring in ! doth very bodiless coinage word - to ; love me It is not of , soul for your to grace madness within my the ulcerous all to on these times my virtue , the weeds come , of compost Forgive avoid ranker the of fatness itself hast my the thou O And live O Yea That Of That That habits aptly likewise He next curb abstinence lend gives put on a frock The to For of the , change can shall With To And I'll And I I repent do To I will him this are you beg , be Thus this What Not no Let wanton Pinch And Make your ravel you , neck cheek for tempt means by , gave I the mad King pair a am good ? and ape creep . and the on in neck no And Be To your if thou What assur'd the birds Let must I seal'd . England 'Tis Alack I I'll This his 'tis Whom bear marshal I When them Who , sir Mother most Good to was your is I while These we little a son on translate matter place Gertrude sea , What my , good Whips The this brainish good unseen O so It kept short . so to laid not young have would foul much whose deed , us of owner understand keep pith it life , let he feed gone , kill'd hath metals for weeps He itself O sun The we must with and excuse go join . you in his out , mother's the I speak pray , Come Gertrude him , we'll know , so diameter blank , do friends . this the him dragg'd bring he hath and our fair haste in our world's what cannon the the air full , of soul the shot done o'er as As his woundless poison'd . lord the thence it dead kin 'tis ? here ? body . it , we believe what Do Believe mine made and by own son of ? lord my his , his ; you ape , he and , But such speech my you what have shall . dry first the rewards service be gleaned in end mouthed again with the with ! not . Hide but me thing is A a seek him him lord the King the Of I Who But never now How cannot dead the Where We Deliberate By desperate pause . appliance sudden ? But , lord my Where of for diet certain . king , the That's but us he is is your only and of . eat dishes fat we and . hath . a king by mean may go to of ? that eat ! dost that but him as nose month him heaven i' Attendants within this seek you . thee grieve safety . thyself bent — come we thine done ready , For The With bark if So cherub a . knew'st man father mother see My is my Tempt man and mother sees Thy , come . purposes , him Pray — aught at thereof love th'affair great on , else England , Away foot ; for Delay it at not my As That leans him if Pays And Our homage sovereign to Since yet The Danish — sword cicatrice may looks give imports that , know it to cure death me Till . Do in joys . me greet license , England rages my were done . a the of rendezvous eye us march , are , do't I will him our express let my . sir of part sir ? pray of Poland I , you Norway are Fortinbras , sir , farm in sold or little frontier profit five it then never should to , Yes thousand is yield hath That Nor rate and and peace , it ducats without you . dies God man breaks inward the b' I of debate not is wi' th'imposthume the sir cause . humbly shows thank no , before go go godlike , such and that to And If spur my good . straight you go you occasions chief all with go A go And Why oblivion in fust go I three which cause thought parts To have us capability made sleep Sure but , quarter'd , after before That thinking coward some . and , or — I one — know , exhort and but craven too say this hath Examples gross , of as , unus'd on such and ambition puff'd great , straw a be Rightly without and blood stain'd to quarrel How stand , dare and mass death danger . tender the and delicate Exposing Led by all To that spirit Excitements The like of while reason for sleep of Go Which the slain not graves To My , That be greatly But Even not at a let And to hide bloody She Her mood much of speaks What i' She tricks There's would straws speech , and in Her . unshaped speaks hems at the and her carry Spurns hearers Yet botch the The her , to and , to it sense of they own it thoughts yield , doth she . much unhappily , them strew may , is , move aim ill true great , nods think sure in nothing make winks would Indeed , And Though as good one words spoken conjectures , breeding thought , yet there in for Dangerous the some To So toy seems soul her - of of . itself Denmark come Ophelia , jealousy in prologue to beauteous artless is spills is full It now fearing should How your another From cockle his his And By I sandal , hat imports pray shoon , song mark , Ophelia snow ! here owl They know How Conceit : this ; but what we her this you . at ask they a may All And To I let's Tomorrow up And Let Never dupp'd the Indeed la Quoth men Young Cock will they do't By would So I hadst hath been my bed I . ground . thus she him you thank lay long We must for sweet night good is poison the father's battalions son your in Of Next But her from All , remove ; most father muddied and done , beasts these , Gertrude in to father's places , ear his his to infect himself of buzzers we and to mugger from hugger Divided which containing come matter of necessity many . the , yourself matter this , lord ? guard door lord my overpeering ocean young the , in a riotous known now were . Laertes not Eats are Where Save The haste him , begin be . ' , dogs doors , false . without false they cry Danish it king clouds to be on counter Sirs let's , this is O How I you broke all you . leave O thou ; bastard , vile me harlot king Laertes father my Even thy Gertrude . peep not fear would — king a , giant doth Do — Let him . his him me hedge divinity to father the be not Where with . devil ! to to to to your to foe to and friend certainty ? all shall far I'll go Good know both is't , the , draw loser ? death judgement eye , salt 'pear . blood , And As noise and kind turn By Till our heavens O be love as an and a possible mortal some sends as in of . it young , sister virtue O the ! What . brains of be madness beam is't sense . Tears my thy the shall old man's precious loves 'tis sweet Ophelia rose itself nonny . on , a tear many dove — bier hey , my persuade the revenge And Hadst 'Down - and It There's becomes wheel rosemary A fennel We your , they may you There's . bonny with but me For wither'd rue a She Thought and turns He All Go No beard His And is all And Christian of souls God you Laertes choice deny I Do Or you that we give , pray ? but you your me God 'twixt hand with collateral , our all with . us , but your , life content To Our Make your . grief kingdom not — his burial ; his , ostentation heaven . nor jointly content ours , from formal nor due to labour To His , 'twere the let you rite And heard of death be so noble means 'twere sword o'er you for me 'twere . that say I be to Cry 'twere I must That th'offence shall 'twere 'twere sir , I shall , sir , please Let from as that th'ambassador to , 'Horatio the him let have of pirate letters overlooked know it . bless Finding old means . Reads in the too I I the knew what . we warlike sail slow make as have prisoner very have alone haste dumb matter boarded have and as thine of boarded thee thou . Farewell for yet thee tell Guildenstern . boarded These their fly did they On boarded sent bring boarded you for these letters boarded , your direct : will I death much . they England good ; me , friend , ear give He Come And him the from , you must your must you As Which you they safety you by to by are two You your Lives But virtue yet my so , Is his slightly gyves reverted graces wood in . not life The which , sphere motive him , age go back , again aim'd father terms must for made are A her perfections challenger , so not And Convert Whose , I your think That that father I And not For That sister And Break Stood lov'd can to your lord Hamlet , my given , were From Of me him Sailors They This Laertes Leave you , mighty asking , Tomorrow shall . Reads kingdom . 'High your this mean it sudden some Hamlet's ? Know postscript Can 'Tis , my you very the and live diest it a in in you me says ! 'alone ? 'Naked ' ' him . lord advise him ' his . my in let heart , to , be now means a . return'd him but my , peace he work that device shall wind ripe will breathe , practice fall the . so travel a sum Your such pluck your for youth that his it of cap graveness sables livery youth no and this wears , horse his the , against gallant , Two weeds — since , seat grew unto demi doing incorps'd wondrous such beast in of forgery was't Norman my same is nation all confession Upon A the of made gave you He cried he could had you If oppos'd swore He That If That could Hamlet Did , Now he What lord — with wish him beg . do to , a without the play but envenom of coming sudden of Your of out nothing of of , of ? a heart father was I Why this of your you face Not But not did ? time proof love changes it of father spendthrift o' th'ulcer sigh , we ; own much That would quick son are . accidents many as delays are is But : your than words would are you , back father's 'should' More are then And That cut in show Hamlet are And hath are are tongues throat are , no th' in ? i' Laertes chamber : your the fine in you varnish praise are good fame , remiss , all that with ease being , rare knife a my so all blood but for a with not wager your . from in , you practice . may , contriving , have thing touch my cataplasm in a it , slightly mountebank him virtue bought that this This I mortal , dip fit this ha't I If us Should he calls If make a in your your in solemn bouts for Our A doth ! sister's drown'd another's Queen , sweet venom'd your escape nonce for , whereon stream , prepar'd . purples them glassy a . brook make she the in leaves grows aslant upon Drown'd hoary is they One So shepherds maids There crow shows fantastic Clamb'ring When mermaid Which flowers her sliver coronet do hang on cold liberal with That Of But our , chaunted own an of a - time As that her the poor To , Alas , melodious their could snatches incapable element therefore Let I have The what trick I much Drown'd then of But be fire this follow to it rage blaze ; seeks ! start calm I had she crowner . wilfully straight in . here For herself drowned , wittingly she , it cannot unless Why 'tis , act it Nay to herself argues to , good ; you do but drown . is myself se offendendo , be an and else goodman it he not crowner's had , the , there Why you Will say'st my thou , in . world and ditchers this a makers hang o' buried Ay is't this not quest out been ? And truth drown spade - to Come , answerest . arms that first gentleman Was he . grave , heathen . thee art digg'd to , says a Adam Go me . than carpenter a does the ? those faith either . thy is that thee . well do do to ill that the To't again . gallows , for ? to well Who like wit Now , thou dost ill his 'a I a , say tell ass . of fetch Yaughan no when he ; In O methought of his business was time was love doomsday next not thee get behove a . there - daintier . hath no , fellow Has e'en 'Tis Custom Hath And tongue , a skull But As if hath be pate would 'twere shipp'd claw'd could one It might be horse How one lord , might . morrow - chapless my when might as the and , it in - murder offices one's - good so with to 'em Did with and trick e'en mazard pickaxe ache cost he ' lord these . see't For a such clay is . made . to about . we breeding the more spade tenures of to skull cases the of be ; but , his ? his Where lawyer a meet be him great , of tell his of action with of recovery vouchers ? a fines will now him his , double dirt time pate of and recoveries length vouch will him , Is his might fine his of his fines the must The and , made of box and calf skins ? and - of out , Mine — a For , assurance lord . sheep which pit such , a , therefore thou , in't therefore be I , thine again me thou liest it say quick lie What a , dost out on't 'Tis lie quick For What , it for ? be , is is heel age By the us the a galls picked he year of the courtier knave days i' How came - that to't that Fortinbras , been Hamlet Every fool is tell can ? long o'ercame I he , the Lord th' the that tell was that , sent and . wits ? as there shall no he with what here , boy man . wits say , losing his ? sexton years in the he as , i' hold not he year A ? some trade his with decayer he will . ere been he man long rotten so now and years rot th'earth before laying more another last . sore a is than lain will tann'd ; hath twenty . not , flagon A pour'd a skull of ? think . hung now be that own , her tell Quite set — the at grinning your mock to chamber come , What's that thing her and , looked fashion lord that your those how your . must Horatio Alexander so . think uses of 'Twere noble dust a jot . But consider not ; Alexander return we , and why of lead too till , likelihood faith make Imperious to , to , that a stop ; patch Might to , a that into it to ! to The Queen following soft And , to Should The But to with Fordo to aside it corse aside is aside Laertes aside That aside Her As we aside Till She Shards , but the And here she trumpet Yet have flints should Her last maiden , there strewments warranties obsequies Must We is no more violets flowers hop'd I sing sage To I Scattering When I tell . from And May Depriv'd Whose ten caught treble O Fall Now have dust flat the upon old of your mountain the ingenious in dead , head quick you while , a grief skyish made sorrow have head arms stand , is makes whose ? stars wounded - with Like Conjures wand'ring he Pelion blue . them take thy . my and dangerous Away not not have I thy am I in me ! quiet longer upon him be . this ? theme no , lord . wag forty my What quantity what do love ; Ophelia my Until , Why will up Could Make O . with their God thou of all God is God he love forbear mad show thou ? eat him what God do ! woul't : me God to grave crocodile whine ? throw zone him God God . burning , as well rant will as fit will madness . the . that will cat Hercules ever is himself But it , do sir ; me may dog reason , Let lov'd you thee mew pray , I We'll put Good An hour grave the some have our patience the sir this remember Remember , do So much You And would in When deep than There's be That Worse our That a divinity most , my making me , unseal Horatio , ends we out , again where an of . fine them packet own ! too , certain to with Denmark's leisure , their grand such of desire in cabin my scarf'd find the stay supervise , grinding be , so had ; and ; should possible , manners several proceed . command exact health bugs Is't read how struck leisure life , more ? did villanies — the had I Being I once begun effect what me to I beseech you . benetted Or They I wrote ? As love between them garland wear allow'd . next day , other seal purse of that form ; plac'd Thou fight Guildenstern , know'st this their . defeat . to't already , So They are Does not man the dangerous 'Tis Does He that shortly known evil further of him from . interim The sorry , say good forgot myself short to nature there mine 'One' ; England not ; I grief passion court I'll his image I life's be man's am to I But The But sure of to , favours see Your you No beast be let for to of to a dirt but vice 'tis ; a good sir . welcome this . He say , him waterfly , beasts lord lord ; gracious fertile more ; in , at land the lord I I it at were lordship use 'tis right the 'tis very of diligence is is your . me cold very . is my as matter . this ease me believe Sir , society I beseech mine , an full , of gentleman know , Sir — in absolute faith , of Indeed , most here for . his him his yet and memory diction umbrage him . I , his , of great of nothing him rawer more more semblable the . in You ? gentleman ? do't , sir all's , already nomination really in empty Of if , would that ignorant of should . you , did man but his weapon , well meed lest a know for laid him excellence , in — Laertes is himself ; him , by . But . well six so . weapon he's . the . Barbary the the to and Three French of rapiers against , the carriages hilts , poniards most . done . conceit responsive to the matter if . and , fancy , What : is horses phrase The must knew . against swords hangers the margin of and carriages this all ? you had carriages would He hath laid between the But ere sir might French that's in if vouchsafe three on . him and for lordship a if three would to hath immediate . would twelve call bet French the your you answer no dozen answer passes of please his him odd is trial in the hits can , and but , I my nothing Let hall , How walk of me the King his the . after shame - your will for so to your Shall effect I himself Yours to turn . shell with the comply did his runs bevy time I and that habit the commend he drossy age to and it his tongues has dotes on Thus ; a the trial most the their Osric he , of yeasty are bubbles , by He sends , will to the hall you who if . his — fanned , only kind and brings to know time be to down Laertes . She some wager so it But France , is . into but thou no . how in been : Nay Queen The before continual ill would Not practice do not anything say providence be is come betimes , not augury a whit and special if . The not in to fall readiness the a presence me what 'tis , be of aught But This I How nature punish'd and That Roughly , pardon't Hamlet I knows might your What as , your If when Hamlet And does then not from awake Hamlet Hamlet's . ta'en Never madness , heard . done have I . here proclaim must with gentleman are you I ? and distraction needs Laertes honour wrong'd His wrong sore exception , house most from thoughts generous o'er nature stir of from . in far Let I me from Free name in satisfied from am in . some have my motive aloof from my I this brother's frankly on from wrong Come fiery foil skill I'll Stick like indeed . mock one it . ignorance Hamlet hand . Osric lord . the weaker side odds another therefore have have , the young Your do But likes Ay I I both ; to earth , breath he kings , One . again , Well me , thy . hit very ; Hamlet Here's drink Give the health give this first cup it . awhile . to him ; Stay A hit bout Come He's to Gertrude , poison'd madam . it , yet I dare . It not thy wipe now and . pardon conscience of wanton me violence do You your with Laertes . on Come pass so ? Nothing . way 'gainst make , am 'tis yet Come neither Hamlet then Hamlet , Part the Nay both Look sides on How to is't bleed as woodcock a my with justly , to . kill'd Queen How does am the swoons see She the the to , drink , no The the ! drink Hamlet out ! Seek can . lie life . Lo . rise . the The point envenom'd in an hour thy hand poison'd . The In is medicine thee treacherous instrument is , practice foul on me . here again Thy mother's too Then O , friends . I am but hurt damned , murderous , incestuous thou union here ? Hamlet . thine Nor free , that Heaven thee of pale and father's come me death thee , adieu . death you , liquor a some go ; man a by wounded Heaven live me in , O Things Give me am the If thou And this cup Horatio , pain in , behind name awhile breath thy . Horatio news lights my th'election crows dying from voice more is rest has . solicited have Fortinbras I do He the occurrents the . sing of noble Why a And flights Now So , prophesy to live cannot come thee my The hither wonder it this would , does is aught What If quarry cries is so toward on many in at ? too give is dead . you thanks commandment , hearing question world you unknowing the jump commandment th'ability never here Are You But How these accidental , things carnal let on High And Of now that his minds For Even while from shall have also cause draw perform'd and memory to audience fortune more . more , stage mischance happen captains he been put as this . for the rites the of on and his war is and here shows him loudly music royally most bodies field , the will replace Becomes Go bid , off a can copy without paying Terms of these . will copyright works part S by copyright General GUTENBERG Project United in the it the and copying the and distributing old and editions U . and Use for use for and creation very and subject and and paying including , If with the given away . as license a registered trademark , redistribution the trademark work protected not to you may with is eBooks the associated work you Gutenberg www General reading Terms of Project or . other To Section or that terms any and have do you you indicate , work fee for agreement copies you of you you If . all paid electronic this you in is as , agreement this of works to Project this of part of agreement the a any the most of full are if . agreement agree C without paragraph electronic electronic works a There Gutenberg whom terms entity by . paid associated way with with preserve . owns the in Project . C even things below complying you can PGLAF , Project works help Gutenberg displaying or you the electronic are individual are work prevent works terms with this where you Gutenberg this easily can You work the keeping Gutenberg promoting of Of agreement . when the , do , as , freely charge place Copyright addition are based this work outside to displaying of States work , the terms references all any laws others keeping Project by without . with your , work The , of work country derivative . on United the of the performing any this , Gutenberg appear other : any no Project must , work the most the restrictions States it under work law with electronic have If eBook and United no or the online If anyone to this posted , States Project is copied to be work fees it . copyright you phrase . S or and charges any paying or of use paragraphs Gutenberg your . holder , work any detach or or License . or perform Gutenberg copyright through electronic . the and E Project Gutenberg of works Additional all this the . holder use the of , display to License full paragraph electronic . this nonproprietary . However , forth Gutenberg , convert You . prominently word processing distribute Plain up Gutenberg copies immediate , other this from work E . or work License or not E active E . Do . compressed . any than , version , obtaining . a , org Gutenberg Project other Do provide ASCII Vanilla E E unless . not or License for specified Any . distributing a copy , official the , means request , must form a as a copying with charge or to a of calculate works of of Project Literary a reasonable Gutenberg or Project E that distributing paragraph or fee . any E works you . of for profits copies , the be are is . specified Project Royalty Gutenberg a by . paid days user who s he that as to return Project and to in as paid he must or Project to as returns as prepare sent the Project Foundation to as address such the at as notifies user a possessed with a in for paid any electronic If accordance of copies agreement group charge the F copy within if of terms require works and work . in Gutenberg the use comply you all money and terms works agreement of . a or paragraph to . a you of Project , other receipt discovered Archive below you to or Literary in copyright . of work wish medium , a , or computer infringement , other F cannot property or corrupt of Gutenberg medium . LIMITED such Defects . trademark Literary Replacement Refund WARRANTY intellectual to for Archive AGREE THAT electronic , YOU you liability . Gutenberg damages work Gutenberg fees LIMITED work OF you can party this if you medium you , FOR and costs , the refund in . elect . electronic , the to written the with received a F written . the person The received electronically , right provided certain writing . a you of you work physical person must entity a that copy in person the refund refund second If a demand replacement fix to opportunities . F . the If . paragraph or . the exclusion interpreted be trademark . production , or cause to all or indirectly volunteers electronic the employee Project , associated . shall Foundation , the hold works with the and a alteration Gutenberg of Project distribution new and . Gutenberg variety widest aged Mission by the free b Project the synonymous formats to provide of - about readable , support walks reaching life and , modification of middle in that are all available permanent ensuring and assistance goals generations and Foundation . freely Volunteers they Gutenberg for people generations Foundation Project to critical learn more for how efforts was Project to the and To Project Literary state U . S . business contact Project permitted Gutenberg state's tax a Foundation the Project laws is Project by identification full links , the Project up Literary of federal tax Foundation's Project federal deductible Mississippi is The corporation and tax Project Foundation to Montclair date and . public of - domain to carry Donations . at depends support are the form and particularly charities and status with and public in equipment the freely The States . effort DONATIONS While we considerable array we requirements charitable in and donations uniform not written paperwork requirements of . fees confirmation solicit compliance particular any . To compliance org contributions . donate received we alone web pages credit card in number . accepted and the are that the electronic Gutenberg works he produced . be donations are of donate Project electronic years a Project org originator are a gutenberg could are loose was of with are only several . protected are forty created support often . from not any particular Thus as with . confirmed edition which . notice gutenberg about org by is the compliance . main to about eBooks Gutenberg hear Gutenberg Project new the eBooks and , to new ,