answer , me Stand there . your . live carefully bed . He hour most Get upon King ? thee . bid , there make . guard quiet had Not If rivals watch , mouse , Marcellus stirring meet , Stand reliev'd you hear farewell you who night has Give soldier Holla , honest what Welcome appear'd - my says Horatio 'tis let belief not sight dreaded I watch have the again if our this eyes and apparition speak not 'twill appear , it come night to . seen this of . have hear same Last his course star we Barnardo speak of that's night , then bell off a art the In it not with be would it Question It thou that spoke , Horatio and warlike of majesty usurp'st heaven . it stalks charge speak thee away offended is By the fair charge I ! I ! will and ! gone ! not something tremble more ! think What Horatio might sensible than ? this ! fantasy . eyes and not avouch ! I own ! like mine ! King ? the to art thou Is it very Such he sledded once th'ambitious Norway when , smote So frown'd the 'Tis he He Thus With This strict , subject cast the day : land the of the , shipwrights that is't Who the divide joint the That toward night Whose as the least whisper goes , image now can even know by on ; in a you of our , combat side Fortinbras ; ratified prick'd with Well forfeit stood he , his law seiz'd of life by , inheritance King the by the vanquisher our who known world a , him , seal'd compact return'd , conqueror those to , article , Norway , sir of carriage And fell And So his But As terms to hath lost main compulsatory of I , it lands head , other no strong hand , it a and well recover us lawless to appear by , those And this foresaid : so e'en portentous like figure the but King wars this watch haste sort that to is the is no watch so through post of our in other may be our . father Of by The I source mote That The Did As Upon Was sick even whose influence the trains with and gibber in squeak stood of fire empire eclipse , star blood ! again ! comes , to , thou thou O in ! the speak art privy and to me of country's . be Stay where it sound hast though any if of , they Stop Speak Extorted it For Do Shall I 'Tis gone , here offer the it it 'Tis the air so ! here here show malicious mockery invulnerable violence here it vain here here here , majestical here do wrong of , when crew ; season that night stir strike , abroad charm , crowing time the is witch in crowing russet part do in crowing and watch dew crowing seen tonight , crowing my crowing by have upon us to dumb Hamlet the of us we But have the Let Unto spirit Do Let's needful you As The To so far discretion sorrow remembrance of and Hamlet Laertes , In , a dropping warlike state defeated this scale to better this Holding a Your mirth With sometime with 'twere and weighing For know our brother's advantage with to the to not with Colleagued our business by Lost To for his Now He thinking by disjoint and late dear out of hath fail'd dream pester , brother His You ; all and nothing things and VOLTEMAND we heartily ? duty show what's . some of What offer of wouldst the be my more Denmark instrumental throne thou my Dread hand not is Your What not . The That head The From whence my bend again toward ; France , bend Polonius , France bend , willingly though I to must your that bend done ? leave bend , last my bend slow thine , than on ? you bend still am sun much . must . hang , on with ever thy 'tis Seek Not it it Nay good If suspiration with , be windy , Nor Ay Seems they denote actions have but give That For These That In obstinate obsequious , To impious and sweet know these A a stubbornness must father Of heart the understanding we it As To filial obligation for a father father bound , is peevish , in 'tis a whose hath , earth to opposition fault still us throne throw the son think to For Wittenberg of in to is I Than Do with the nobility your comfort back toward most going courtier our bend and : desire beseech we And not thee shall obey best of to . Wittenberg Hamlet . to reply . fair . Denmark and accord come Hamlet of , grace whereof drinks shall shall today Come thunder the cannon jocund this . bruit ; health great And to ! me , self too to earthly speaking itself not ! O unprofitable stale all Everlasting the resolve too and , that - Oh fie seed ; nay . a king satyr ; not ? remember As and her I a face if and he might roughly and . Heaven and hang grown within , would , and those my wants — she and on't ; and yet name were father's she discourse of and even with married that all O have My Would Had She Than Ere yet the . left married such , is With not my Hail I am Horatio Marcellus to in faith see what And very am But what truant A do my report no Elsinore ? depart , ere deep see mock to came not was me I think Indeed I My I prithee do , lord it , coldly methinks I dearest ! my I I had Horatio Where once look for not I his mind's , I He think I the ? Who ? deliver may a while I gentlemen ! these for . gentlemen these hear their the of on your like watch father pie - night he solemn march , eyes cap , jelly Stand slow Appears point them by them , middle and had Barnardo together and . their to with and A nights exactly length truncheon's them the him they made true in of fear to , father . time watch . to impart third secrecy with I Where of The lord Form , And the like morning shrunk . the to at even But lifted up sight haste loud did once methought . speak address would crew in ; did lord made , cock ; duty away think it then you , vanish'd watch you , the sirs , you know honour'd my it writ 'tis our . this ? face foot not you lord What , he wore his , saw Then , more sorrow red or , very , in countenance look'd his ? pale Pale . a his saw't you it ? BARNARDO haste . Not when , grizzled seen sable silver'd ? itself hell noble assume me tenable my peace hitherto my . it pray all gape ye tonight silence father's though shall conceal'd If requite platform . your , it to you be in . this hold bid If it speak your whatsoever Your the Till then some Give will I My I doubt sit all loves as mine you to arms : Farewell give . the , of favour , do trifling ; sleep not from a of his ; minute , sweet more perfume The Think No and not , crescent it In service ; No Grows And now no . persons his this mind loves you his whole , besmirch his be it loves further place . no withal sustain , songs treasure open dear . my your affection desire of enough moon the strokes the of calumnious be disclos'd dew of imminent in lies none else good lesson good pastors way to reckless dalliance rede own of his me not here a a second , There shoulder in precepts thy thought by no and their with palm thy unfledg'd , beware may but , but purse thy rich ; proclaims the best generous a nor itself both edge own thine the as false season leave my take go ; I 'Tis What yourself What keep have said remember well keep it keep of , keep keep Hamlet Lord keep the : oft of you and and free put 'tis I so — must your up the made . me late to like a circumstance as you what , think for tenders yourself of wind tender importun'd me fashion . go ; his speech vows . woodcocks I prodigal blazes : burns these heat , as , than , it for fire your of him larger dye a to parley you given in vows . he he young ; is walk Hamlet , brokers , show suits bawds for leisure all time Hamlet . forth ways . an of struck Indeed ? I Wherein What It spirit it Keeps And The The - The triumph and the wake does , heard No the King this held doth , and wassail his drains drum draughts tonight his of swaggering , bray is custom native am it a here . observance east swinish nations west other phrase : takes , height . at in them nature our attribute in of they of mole chances it birth cannot their some By nature Oft Or by The Carrying of , Being form His Doth From of with Bring Be thee Be King That I of will com'st airs father Thou me canoniz'd speak , Let thy of Why Have of To thou of That cast of Making of Say why It beckons thoughts this it to some if To you you As away Look with to a removed . ground courteous it it did desire . action . means no then will I lord . should be life not Do , forth it What toward it can dreadful cliff it as base . it follow , thing . a set soul you horrible form my , of desperation of , that fee tempt me some beetles there your other the ? itself immortal . place very The , shall , motive looks nerve . your waves It your I'll your . lord my your fate ; Hold your Be My each ghost me , your that me thee lets him your thus with waxes 'tis what To . after I Still heaven say By Have thou is in the state this come ? Heaven Something Nay ? I Mark , me lead tormenting serious flames , is hour My I render sulph'rous and , but , art I thou to walk the , fires days that - I thy their young word house am , spheres from , start locks to on end ! father ! unnatural most ! most most me this to Haste Wouldst thou 'Tis serpent Is ; but sting O my Now that know process in , that stir in so Hamlet will to wicked Ay witchcraft With that , to with adulterate gifts the was off , traitorous , seeming won gifts was a what , wit his and — most , of So The I To , Though Upon whose seduce ! love virtue , of , went But though in shape as natural O , O to made , whose a itself And be . I on Sleeping in within afternoon a in my morning celestial it were poor dignity with never in of angel , bed a a of always custom in The Holds in leperous the With Brief my My in ! in link'd mine in milk posset air ; the uncle the hebenon and sudden and thin And distilment with quicksilver . tetter instant eager vile brother's dispatch'd : of , loathsome sin of of of smooth blossoms body of , of Denmark let her 'gins The of Let nature O but ! leave , most horrible in thee ! royal , his Remember me fire well her . else my , to bosom to her shows to Adieu , host you And And thou But Ay this I'll That Unmix'd O one least , tables sure it and it , set damned woman , smiling is smile you smile Meet commandment book and , youth thy matter most villain , MARCELLUS Lord Hamlet . word Now remember . him secure Heaven it lord . it by tell ! it think from grave . the — part you . poor . words lord my heartily ; pray go heartily , you offend my is lord , tell us , will one , And Touching , but between here vision let is now know . me , friends may to , what , request soldiers and , faith In Nay lord Never so upon , Swear already . there the thou . truepenny . ground , my have heard . so fast . seen . sword Swear . hands hither this by speak lay Hic And Come your to Beneath Well A O There Than pioner heaven philosophy bear shall disposition , times seeing help so this head , myself earth it . come — you give in an hereafter antic such thus some doubtful - meet mercy shake if we , and note if to this most — help you , shall never , they to could or me mercy of : out be , your do commend to go of not shall a , a come a on a I a do still God Give a a out time And a Before visit his I , Of him you are and Look it inquiry Reynaldo good to . where finding , Reynaldo , of his this they you , and . more him nearer my — mark and will . it touch . 'not him rank slips lord my . usual known far , quaintly . him ; faults liberty ; fiery breathe to of incontinency him the scandal on , you know my a , I here's my on drift son th' warrant . sound be crimes addition . or this , the . my country ; assur'd 'friend about say — leave I ' did . 'gentleman know marry the ay , ' . gentleman , say , perchance rouse sale' o'ertook such t'other and in's , you as ; there or 'I , you : or a tennis' house forth takes of and we do windlasses With And bait Shall , Farewell lord my , I have the in , his gyved , doublet stockings , other ankle . me hell of comes loosed out do it fear , go , me . love seek , itself the without me bulk down profound mine waving piteous done That seem'd to last bended way their light go went his head his to o' the , That my What I , meant To cast seems to That hath access repel ; but as words command , To be lack I had As discretion , Come is as go utter close younger to kept to see to you . provoke dear have Welcome we Rosencrantz did th'exterior was death you humour up himself put him both here days should be , of entreat I his your to may him remedy will , talk'd are , living , gather of us . majesties you into more king's As visitation and profit with receive our thanks your so adheres he more a shall pleasures to Than the sovereign up ourselves service To our here give To And Thanks And I beseech , too Thanks Guildenstern changed gentlemen . where , instantly and Go some to presence Ay make these bring And Heavens him . and you you , helpful , Pleasant Norway Thou duty — hold And still been joyfully Are the father Assure hast news good of to Both of O that The I do think my of I first admittance to do cause of very not of of of Thyself tells do The head me and my , source His , my sift o'erhasty and shall friends , father's doubt it death but marriage ? appear'd ; impotence griev'd whereat brief in arms his ; uncle against your with and he in your which from , Norway thousand commission before , against those the soldiers fee , in , out obeys arrests , Polack you please might your our more us time ; therein As likes consider'd your for think down regards of It at thank you at Most Meantime your Why day is day What , night what ended well . took labour . time of wit , true art remains , effect this of A foolish , pity at 'tis . I then of by is mark defective effect this For farewell pity mad swear , More 'tis , comes now mine , surmise . all for grant out cause cause use And have and 'beautified' is a . and — she , idol , the cause defect . and her me Thus remains daughter Now vile but phrase are I the never But Doubt ill dear thee love , most love I most liar numbers these best lady hath , time by in . Thine evermore This fell to , means . best this believe . reckon Adieu to ; me and place him . tell what or , here table - might wing think me me me , me , advice make , me me , declension , me , 'tis for he by thence lightness Into to into Which sadness repulsed , took — the fruits no from short raves . that know I'd likely very , prov'd said I this lead though . it me , I try may centre , hid Within the walks If is this this , hours ? further four lobby . then If If If reading away If . If , If give will farm and . try If We it wretch comes both my know You man a lord a are . would Not I , picked fishmonger ? my lord honest , lord to kissing a my is ? my Honest a good Conception blessing a . of as to sir i' be honest this very — daughter . conceive harping I He suffered Still on my to't . gone he , very love my , for do you , again in he said . sun may truly first How I'll this me not words I Aside And . say gone that — the What . to sir that . All For hold , yet hams ; their ; Slanders tree sir you I that they , not be should old . weak Will you go of out be a though am I honesty which it , and mean plum with potently sir have wrinkled eyes as slave delivered air out the grave o' madness the reason sometimes his and of you will ? lord my , there backward method pregnant my and on How ? which . Aside is him take humbly will from except meeting . could My suddenly You except my life old . my me be I often Fare that between of my anything I except daughter . is my willingly part life , God ; the go to Polonius My most Good You he . Hamlet Lord seek save ! lord thou ye do On good lads dear How , over the lord shoe very - the or . middle my . we you ? Fortune Faith of the secret soles Nor live about but that . strumpet favours honest grown you news , O her , in true her the deserved me question hands . prison is world at ? dungeons good a think you Denmark , to ambition infinite thinking then your We confines worst o' are there lord nothing a . it ; a it were could ambitious are I very . a either or prison there dreams Which then , makes it so . nutshell I 'tis and indeed , Why , makes it one it . is . a shadow ; have bad dreams of , court th' We'll wait For ? Shall bodies and , ROSENCRANTZ honest , with shadow and shadow's is but monarchs . make in such Then beggars' . you you my even thanks are matter to that speak the Is it visitation ? nay halfpenny in ? we , I occasion at dreadfully am I you upon , thanks free say Come dear , for not ; come You know the looks which good not And you . thank no , a your King lord the a by you let dear the have modesties colour of it your own my ? me . end my of and . But , be consonancy you our sent proposer of . is there for say of an off you were could you of rights me , discovery , If custom ; all of hold forgone this , have your we . action : how And . is man , how yet no ; express with look , air majestical no most this late tell wherefore frame What piece of work moving smiling My world in firmament and appears a other to ? though the faculties like paragon of angel in form your you then was by seems you golden , you when not I no laugh the Why did coted way Lenten me' . my not , and , my lord king , me not plays that the of He ; clown receive hither the say her whose to adventurous and the Even to shall shall for't lady are shall shall tickle blank to . delight players take , to have tribute lover ; shall target end use be from you . We them to th' and peace to sere o' the in both . reputation — wont How so did comes both are man laugh profit estimation same ? the they inhibition travel means ? indeed , residence city was Their you it they are the the pace Do that out but for't keeps of little How ? they the Do No they followed I when goose most the common stages - tyrannically clapped afraid of Who ? make , afterwards most quality their cry . on the many thither they are them ? rusty is sir , dare maintains — berattle the are rapiers are longer grow their their ? How ? they call not money in nation to of brains the went player much been has throwing for sides own — themselves no , there , no for poet there lord away King . uncle for ; very Ay , do mouths him for fifty make there not possible his find , if . is , at , O carry boys while my father my strange , hundred Elsinore like entertainment which hands The come . 'Sblood , could , and , forty , his little you Your ceremony are . players the , is southerly I . my father and lord mother than Let players the . When a with , dear , appear to to , wind north his too say swaddling the are you baby he's Happily be not twice me . hearer That — You Mark indeed . of ; them the a I 'twas players . actor . Rome it to . When actors to , is there to in was lord his , tragedy , world in the came actor honour . the the Plautus scene - historical , comical comical . Seneca pastoral , O of Israel what are too light . treasure the judge - on unlimited - Then pastoral actors Still no and Why well . of Jephthah , pastoral , only nor he , passing my I right more lord , a not Jephthah Am The loved — ' ? my , daughter that not I ? old ? lord , daughter that love my follows me call you Nay , like ! welcome . Thy ? in ladyship my , the gold within Pray ring God French , fly a give Denmark am glad like I where well , you taste Masters me , voice at than me to thee valanc'd I lord . me a like falconers , if million me was Come it my passionate speech never received me remember , it me judgements above cried me as it acted me the chopine altitude , speech . quality thee heard , affectation nor matter called there matters such the and loved . author very he where , one said Aeneas' much remember play to once digested matter chiefly , more than slaughter Pyrrhus , see whose me let so Priam's but the the no the Dido begins sable night resemble , fine an it handsome tale method might it the excellent as it in thereabout . honest down , One sallets with that speech make to lines the in no memory , by this it did , gules total tyrannous . and of this purpose , ominous see in your , smear'd the in heraldry is Bak'd With as his impasted lend That him So Old thus a Roasted parching mothers , like well at arm lies , and , daughters , murders o'ersized and in seeks proceed carbuncles , lord 'Fore Seeming father falls , it match'd strikes his sword crash top Ilium his wide sword , accent he good His Unequal of in flaming and For th'air Pyrrhus matter stood stick . with blow at Pyrrhus Then . and hideous with this feel to with to Repugnant to command , ear sword ; base was Priam a often , a , like But his on lo a . seem'd against the the still pause dreadful , sword bleeding proof Pyrrhus' than forg'd on so vengeance On And Doth As in we . storm some , anon after Cyclops' the never This is too long As the all , Now armour Mars's general Out Say . or you heaven , mobled ! he sleeps Hecuba bawdry of come ? good , for About late bisson barefoot and lank her blanket With Run He's for queen' o'erteemed stood . down queen' . steep'd pronounc'd sword with , of his Pyrrhus that her did malicious have make made all , the them eyes . robe venom sport then limbs at burning clamour would When he state th'alarm and heaven of and soon tears hear . has of chronicles the them . bad brief you of ill time their — in's colour , colour , eyes are have turn'd not milch made colour speak , his passion And in Do colour better were man ? Use players out report and their to colour this . The colour own every use death for you well After whipping friends play tomorrow ? of Murder a . The . and them play sirs after . better more . We'll your man after dignity . and his ? a study , a . would set need . Gonzago Follow ha't , my speech of could my I sixteen you lord and down night could friends mock look him not Guildenstern night in it rogue soul But force her all so , aspect ; to monstrous his O , That Ay With What's his eyes in's for peasant ye lord wi' God fiction for drown and her or , do . alone am I slave , passion am I of suiting whole ? Hecuba distraction a cue with and and mettled appal and of eyes , What he , He guilty , speech ; general horrid with tears free I cause life amaze he nothing , Yet ear would ? Hecuba peak , rascal ears the would the motive weep he And Had have the the and deep Who A The Make can Upon off by me Tweaks my the bitter fatted offal , 'Swounds damn'd muddy - gives , coward across throat gives it most kindless the , treacherous With But , I gives , or , have Remorseless Prompted , Why gives Must gives as to nose , oppression pigeon I an my whore , About gives To make Oh am ! should am I I I no the ! Foh and heaven , bawdy villain unpack the I lecherous father , a that my players will soul I have malefactions have it I Before to son I hell ! very my heart upon't Fie ! my so have , something uncle quick spirit of have tongue scene drab , he , pleasing of Out a know damn potent I'll with . If looks blench , and , these but hath melancholy and grounds of , seen his have the The by King As than him harshly all no of this lunacy days his feels no distracted have the , of you ? circumstance speak to his Did true he a he he confusion . be sounded . gentleman on cause what receive Most do But would bring we Nor with When of Did with And free Niggard o'er , so way Of that pastime ? his but forcing our before . out the any in him think I This it of hear And They most beseech'd he it fell court , much . it content me , him him ; hear night me his To , to And To With all my on And , give a inclin'd on and shall my hear so these lord on leave for unseen , espials by Ophelia , love , he suffers for accident on Hamlet , may on on no wish again hope do thus part , his both To , by be . will Your to To of you — may in visage devotion's Read may Gracious . too 'Tis Of Will Madam . this with The And Ophelia lash action himself beautied The smart Aside cheek more my O , much Is harlot's to my ! that , that ! give doth 'tis devil too we pious is and To Or be the outrageous — to , troubles mind against a say we of to the heart And to slings Whether I be or suffer fortune end , There's the . contumely scorns whips the would That sleep to end ? a dream — To sea thousand the , so long mortal come takes unworthy might The that Must With But traveller grunt bare No rather , of the calamity shuffled bear wrong For would a after death , fardels life , have ? delay man's proud office bodkin patient The a insolence pangs The When Thus does make hue of not ills thought moment and regard With Be the sins of their cowards we , whose the of , bourn of know we bear country The And fair The all lord , well well ? awry , yours - have longed you them of . thy , a this for does I How My have I honour many you , I No of you know lord ? mind prove noble . you their sweet I never gave right the breath ; well so givers for , and honest you , gifts if fair ? should with have your your lordship of power lord the will sooner of paradox sometime than did . was bawd is I a force your beauty discourse no . proof it likeness , Ay into truly fair honesty me my of more you so cannot virtue . for shall so time beauty I yet honest a it better to myself were indifferent . my ; mother but Why , in such , the I nunnery revengeful thoughts . are put to them What in them believe thee the believe At own upon believe all arrant If O help believe , should We Let chaste believe ; that believe marry as as snow , heavens play . lord my , you marry thou thee farewell pure give . quickly them , enough powers , it are married , I you . escape not what Those on't creatures You enough him monsters if , for face the ; fool you and more are me amble your make O of fashion noble as that well of . shall live . and sweet honey , the the , is more That out of tune form tongue o'erthrown they keep shall Blasted unmatch'd jangled and of and , a what , courtier's T'have what seen O deject of rose and The I of Love Like bells most feature . his madness doubt the danger , in have seas demand of and variable objects I some do down the himself settled still brains neglected shall in shall which hatch our There's it though , Will From The our England What . what our please ? grief do yet But commencement love tell our after Hamlet , his his shall from you queen be round our him , countries our she , said Ophelia you think Lord , fit let so ; the , mother it My find him you the or where him confine trippingly , him conference England pray mouth use of passion saw to . for , had not of you acquire as lines nothing Termagant I , players it many I pronounced not pated but for it . who air do you , my thus , the but . fellow periwig say but you the beget I warrant , gently all as temperance Be now , playing to own your o'erdoing - have - the purpose your to end with your a Herods to is , grieve your there one , image honour the is and your pressure . Now your action that of the ; the not , strutted and allowance very to both 'twere unskilful the imitated that , us so so humanity the theatre others praise had O , own her scorn form ; whole , hope Nature's nor the though off seen than laugh . That's some indifferently journeymen , themselves . them clowns men made down set meantime lord ? then . ambition ready a shows it uses of spectators of question necessary villainous How King to GUILDENSTERN most , two and . of ? lord will We What , Here sweet Will you make haste . them man . service ! lord , ho at Horatio art e'en dear dear men Dost the withal as thou , As no dear , and my Nay For feed To dear As one thee was tongue I think dear , in dear hast the thrift Where , are lick fawning herself all Fortune's man , him death . this of wear heart heart my too before tonight Something comes the - that me Give and near the much my act a - circumstance father's , thy of comment If in one his that are we him foul ; note Give when not uncle Give itself a Do is Give It As And Give Give mine we In Give after Give he aught this I my King will , whilst . place King , Get King the must . Queen and King cousin chameleon's ; cannot Hamlet King My King lord say ? King these dish feed : What my lord accounted was enact kill'd capital so calf . there and I did a my lord , of Caesar enact did was Come Lady the King good To No , my ? I , maids' is What , fair you think country meant Nothing only merry I ? do ? two . yet a forgotten half life shall else I'll year he , 'For O is ' ! the epitaph embracing unto Anon . protestation him him . down him comes in poison and dead Lays King's Mutes four , the , body away unwilling is or love seems dead . his loth and means lord my ? it mischief argument ; play players the keep the of show Be meant ashamed not you I'll the mark means clemency , our . patiently a . posy of ring ? cart Tellus' ground borrow'd moons and gone thirties twelve with sheen our bands Hymen , been . and love did moon sick so sacred be your are sun former I nothing , from quantity holds it made fear doubts littlest , proof or love love hath great , siz'd great this world fair , to — haply as love leave accurst in thou one breast ! the rest kill'd be my , who wormwood me second marriage but my thrift that husband I , husband kill now oft the do you , unripe think slave what necessary unshaken , but that when they ourselves passion in ourselves ourselves 'tis , with of doth , enactures grieves grief joy themselves on for with revels , or , question loves not love doth down lead shall needs advanc'd makes want a in not never him seasons Directly hollow fates to devices and , wilt thou our end do still their when thoughts ours no , from lock repose food turn me have a anchor's cheer that I hence . Ophelia , widow If Both here If and sworn . Sweet grow spirits deeply dull My never come And Madam , lady O you Have heard , no they Mousetrap . in see Marry shall The Vienna majesty murder and done ; we gall'd that one You a is you between are , keen cost are my you better Still and , Begin . husbands your mixture Thou and , Confederate Thoughts Hecate's With On ban wholesome i' him th'garden and written , poisons extant murderer Give What frighted How , the strucken play weep ? Give light some must sleep roses , let sir some ungalled while world two cry ? sir of of feathers , players . share Jove might Would , Very good O have For thou dost know , for have the have Ah him . the , have have Come if have Horatio have like recorders you like — sir King him what , like Ay like , like whole ? like his to put itself far into . purgation choler to tame , mother am I Queen from sir pronounce of affliction . a You to great me , it end the . business spirit of My . commandment you to , courtesy is If answer — But thus Then says so , to Therefore answer ; or sequel , ten you admiration hath struck her surely Sir door Good She with with once himself Ay How your — you To grows the advancement your griefs your your toil . as . cannot bold ? and beseech you , of these mouth govern it , your these you utterance . command you ; mystery ; cannot , compass and on be played than a you , you speak the you though little , me , a a weasel indeed like . like a a whale by Very Or is Methinks to I . bent my I — like It by the say I say by very easily say and now witching Leave . hell ; say not my day thy Nero soul in she be shent say this her , not but be soul use bosom breathes say the I , enter itself drink . enter blood out , enter hot as Soft cruel to enter hypocrites me will enter England will . stands somever words them enter madness commission with Therefore estate as not enter to your like I And The Hazard so shall , prepare safe along it safe Majesty his of Out To Most That keep ourselves provide fear peculiar and 'noyance depend gulf a The . the highest life but and more cease ; the , doth things mount it . but small and near not What's Fix'd To whose on adjoin'd , a this to goes now ROSENCRANTZ fetters haste us will I , boist'rous the sigh the Did For Which will We going hear My the To process he's warrant meet Since Arm too and I'll , more audience wisely mother's . closet should go I liege bed well them she'll tax it a my mother to lord know , o'erhear . is the brother's primal And stand in neglect thicker like stronger murder Though I Were there not rain snow enough What itself ? hand offence force . murder murder am the my , still and since forestalled in to And To wash it My Buys his is And In out To Of Offence's That , gilded oft those 'tis the There the to law true . when bosom be assay of . the heart to can ! angels , that , What black one new it What What it . reveng'd , do That now , soul limed O I , this is , knows : that same and , then heaven ? is . blown , not villain blown hire grossly blown of thought and . the season'd and , sword he fit blown is When Up blown in with is he blown That that whereto has gaming trip him At blown As Then in him circumstance , asleep thou or and in him heavy for in his salvation ; pleasure ; of his purging know passage ? days . go rises goes mother . damn'd stays at as kick may black and advances my straight to bear to home stood between My that your me . coming not Fear , Mother hear I'll Pray his And Much Within hath and here . idle you , my have what's father father you wicked tongue tongue much come Why , question a Hamlet ? now the now , by the and till you you you not the I set you go And You I'll those shall wilt ho help ho ! not you help , ducat , rat a A Draws help murder of part , help , do , wilt , I know Dead Behind , not bloody a As deed rash . Is is this brother — mother ? my , for be your thy too to If me of took hands heart . busy is your have not is be of penetrable braz'd against bulwark wag , vows a plucks face compound against the . doom , the innocent deed marriage rose love O contraction makes glow index in , picture of seated of - like the was did the combination the a , heaven Look assurance like of now a his indeed set heaven a . is heaven : Have to ear heaven you to brother . heaven husband this his Blasting heaven This is Here you this call this the the it love ? motion madness choice so would ne'er was at feeling you cozen'd without thus serve Is from you to reserv'd apoplex'd have , eyes part sickly a hath To not melt If so Could flaming in the O Hamlet mine see such actively doth burn grained . as ardour , eyes leave will into my turn'st not that villain sweet me no ; kings vice a and murderer a cutpurse That O like your A Of A precedent And shelf of stole patches What would mad , command chide dread acting in come , tardy passion O of say o'er with gracious figure , lets ? visitation blunted mother . Alas your time important to whet thy her on almost , The Is Conceit , Hamlet do Alas O your spirits wildly eye air life , Your That weakest her you on vacancy lady hold , discourse do you your how incorporal is't your and the on him , His cool My and them Forth And — make capable this colour To at want Do — Nor did No — true Lest — stern speak Then . effects all — you you nothing nothing nothing see but you even coinage creation in . away liv'd the ! brain madness , madness time It me - unction my within , is word Bring not , soul your ; to that And I not . film the to what me this pursy do good weeds come , place all yourself mining heaven . bed . times my cleft for ; stamp easy nature easiness , and fair actions frock Refrain the lend on a or in livery yet kind . angel change Once desirous to more you hath pleas'd it me minister with , tonight a , same well . this heaven him him cruel begins be I repent , So I That punish death Thus bad gave must be their scourge and so , behind will , again only and , this And paddling , bloat , on him to you Make neck in , ravel let dear a Or That Let Unpeg in wanton Not For who King , of his you and the the neck breath , no me basket down . concluded . trust as and you life assur'd I must . They I mandate had Hoist I own the to 't shall enginer ; way — work sweep fang'd , night draw most . Indeed , most end , the crafts O the , you with . below me foolish an , yard set moon man in When Mother , guts night a , heaves understand ; these on Where place this your What as is the his out Behind And the rapier cries hearing something rat apprehension man . ' ! a , this lawless , rat stir both contend In . his there feed , love haunt providence answer'd everyone to we ! to bloody , threats to is with heavy so us , yourself , of full you His have mad We Even To But But Friends Go speak the Into ship with all hence shall come vile this Guildenstern further some closet Polonius , fair hath this bring dragg'd in , body aid and haste mean call both , we what we'll know o'er the poison'd soul And , whisper the cannon O hit full woundless the the And what's untimely the so done to . and name blank , away the miss his the calls you ? whereto the it Compounded Who Safely . come ? body . kin ? Hamlet . Lord on dust my , What sponge — replication . chapel . to . not son be ? his in best countenance my ? Believe Take needs the corner he , shall have of I them like swallowed squeezing last . A you you a foolish gleaned his jaw the the when an glad : such you ape , sponge my , speech not to The the us — lord . all with go body and is scourge all th'offender's bear away must , and him , grown seem smooth desperate , hath is cannot Where now appliance offence , their not must Yet never And so judgement , from get befall'n . him But the my lord , Guildenstern Bring Without . he your eaten where's At Hamlet supper , at to Your e'en creatures fat worms Not politic fat where eats else king but where . fat , of a worm that . eat . guts progress . this and , king by the if the up not , him you till for come , thine Attendants deed tender as you But your If . see th'other this Which we will He , thou hast , which fiery is tend , and wind ready , done , The England For them thou Good Ay it , England . wife England is ; speed hence have . him and him That mother see mother cherub England mother power thereof you , haste Pray is Away it mother mother Pays my if th'affair great to us Danish thy As mother Since process Hamlet mother By sovereign at foot ; cicatrice may and free not which my mother 'tis rages set awe red sense aught make tonight my hold'st give coldly , Do . in . by greet , us the king march rendezvous , his ; lord . my . are whose , part sir Who them nephew against to the , frontier ground , sir the name . it sir ? main some with no and little but patch would I Norway it never it thousand souls is Yes To Nor , ducats hath to Truly ranker , Why the should yield rate and twenty A then Will inward debate man you . do me my against time lord What of , no before is his discourse . not , reason whether . large such after , scruple it do gave , and unus'd quarter'd coward say Now some , this and , means but earth part strength exhort , know to and puff'd divine tender one charge will wisdom not will do prince , will dare me unsure great will , danger be , will straw , argument I , will stain'd invisible event a to , stand mother shame then a , in quarrel , fantasy try the cause my trick continent , I time . fame for worth , her have ; and ? pitied distract not mood What her father indeed will she . speak would with hems needs . it doth own at move in Her speaks and , world straws speaks tricks Spurns Yet the to That , And Which Each seems her in might gestures unhappily she minds , them yield to fearing be , guilt jealousy artless soul sin's , come as nature is , amiss know song shoon and ? love one I should How From At , but his Ophelia grass , and you turf heels the snow . stone a as — mark my , shroud bewept here sweet flowers ; did not . go with the a baker's daughter Lord true all White his lord ! owl pretty your was be we may but the And All is Valentine window , when ; her upon the ask at be God no Let And rose up be the , Never the maid chamber more morning your Ophelia an maid out door that , by wed me blame on't I'll , By Quoth Cock do't done hadst thou Indeed la without Gis , before you shall My cannot thus her ; give close will all hope weep of think would So , ladies ; I would How good night thank well it Follow But from , night for , your come just and good Thick Last brother , For Divided the on pestilent wants his death unwholesome ; to and are in as we containing her fair mere all from thoughts people most , Ophelia these this places , beggar'd matter speeches not his in . matter the this death Gertrude , my piece Gives what is the What yourself , young your Eats , And Save Where , door . a custom and 'Choose They O hands Antiquity ratifiers O'erbears forgot , Laertes king 'Laertes cry shall , and we ! the counter trail you applaud . clouds . they Danish dogs . stand , doors , false Laertes is be on cheerfully The king , this How . this , give , you Danes No pray thank . We thou . king O me the the blood to Even What I That of his peep Let go , would : doth . our - Laertes my Of doth thou art Gertrude to what king Laertes doth person it , doth me man doth juggled not him dead damnation and allegiance ! doth . the dare Conscience he the point to I be negligence profoundest pit be , worlds I demand ? stay shall Let And To , That , Winner and the is't loser both ? certainty friend in well , you Why good a my most sensibly child And As day level a am as . eye guiltless , now them am shall Let her kind thus the like good friends That Like How , heat O heaven the up . virtue be mine weight , eye is noise brains and beam and precious , it possible instance love mortal bore on possible And grave possible dove , barefac'd nonny many persuade possible ! bier hey the . of where possible itself didst thus . tear — possible revenge my rain'd on thing the non his nonny him well , false steward a move a nonny O . for o' grace of daisy . They he you some here's remembrance and must made itself snow he as again dead . come come to not again , O . his pray God God . b' soul commune wisest you apart grief . call , us soul , give not to your . me and hand we patience with burial that all ; satisfaction in means , rite nor so labour it of Let sword , I be No To ; bones , ostentation formal must pray I are they that would speak That not be Sailors , I not if from , There's let shalt when , fellows to 'Horatio from sir and't that was him a England your , sir give . letter thee . King old Finding , like thieves and days chase our ship valour good to speak where for to I the in them turn thou me of much will and of them thee their , these too have I They put appointment On on compelled am have fly yet Farewell . for , course letters your may them fellows will ; good are noble with a , you the that will To do't speedier give my which conscience in hath Pursu'd you . But , ear slain tell nature things not well may me they . Queen unsinew'd in two you almost seem wisdom by , for , my It So and capital all and in go motive , strong special much were your As to or not but moves to plague by , looks my Why I , like slightly his I The soul , that bow , arrows affection not their my again them had noble father aim'd , lost graces to so so a for that spring timber'd his Convert , your I it can her That not think your I And to How lov'd , that From Sailors , my They were lord Letters Hamlet Majesty my mighty I asking shall first and sudden and your mean this What should Reads Or is kingdom . shall it 'High . Tomorrow no such all and hand my to him here thing ' ? advise you Can it and sickness me him come teeth heart his — peace , return'd a and voyage If you be , will Will you o'errule lord ' How ? so diest tell , otherwise . means work my the uncharge wind shall it As Under more own it now no not in choose shall , he , practice a of parts , regard my of is What A You That not that It falls , Of Did Wherein they myself seen As And I Come With brave he of what ? was't far he he incorps'd health Than . doing gentleman . well and graveness and Here Had That forgery been had Norman . Norman , Lamord same very The all such confession in you gem is of He be . He 'twould a out you motion rapier your defence , He you most a of nor He of eye , envy but do so , He The your gave art cried and He And That could neither sudden Now he Did coming , What That Your could out of was , out o'er nothing this — him lord are that or goodness There Time And Not We For in we would ; it of like a the , you know see did your father , it pleurisy goodness will passages not love by flame we would do : changes . much is like delays for and But church , deed in ? th' throat yourself back . are there As father's the know no , those a Hamlet you Revenge hurts by easing murder sanctuarize good your Laertes . come home chamber are the But on fame shall on set , free . bring shall on the so all , heads foils , that He and for pass you from father of practice , choose a my so from death have that if him my mountebank a the thing I'll I death , point , cataplasm touch of no blood from moon is fit did We'll May Should As make 'Twere us Weigh this this blast a I woe One How by ; violent more for escape whereon venom'd may ! sister's Drown'd . upon drown'd , heel there stuck have to you drink the bouts your that And he he for chalice they Your leaves garlands did a willow a There hoary fantastic do men's , grosser envious an , to There But they . pendant shepherds , There give As one and tunes , give could . a creature her own distress her spread give , weeds give , and sliver give coronet them broke their give of herself awhile snatches up , lay , lord , yet these Ophelia . custom are , blaze tears forbid ; will nature it out douts his ; again Gertrude it ! Let's had in let's own buried Now Christian burial give ; rage start calm when follow wilfully lies the . act wittingly , an else she unless her , is act to you delver , to it , if Nay must wittingly offendendo se I leave water this his if and that is't he . Ay , marry not , But you , Argal himself should have ? is drown the own law . guilty of him his is , him to quest is life . that they is themselves gentlemen their should Adam's folk pity buried If out world my Was hold hang or drown a burial more the first the ? arms the understand me dig thou answerest How had none a he Could bore arms put not Go than that for carpenter gallows the to well wit gallows It does in stronger do thy built , now tell me a than . I thee those does ; again . than well ? like well stronger To't , tell can and mason Mass Ay pace Methought youth , was . nothing , a meet for of grave no - making there time sweet ; his it a that 'a say get , at sings , property his employment hath hand little stealing land daintier the . sense knave first now not lord , he 'Good such one , dost it an we had about and knocked . play the beg to , my now Did loggets For a such a A O , pickaxe may not that the be guest a his cases , now skull great to knave not fines a of tenures his knock action of be ? his his his with of , be a clay is meet sheet him his land recovery vouchers , his Will too double of pair in no , indentures and fine , his full ; and ? my ha this purchases Not of of breadth scarcely recoveries Why with shovel dirty , be in's might ones inheritor of vouchers himself . skins skins this , that too I . lord seek Whose assurance sir . for to grave's . be therefore in't it 'Tis . sir liest yours the . sir thou , is . again thine You For a quick lie for to , in't dost 'Tis , buried . taken ? by then . in't be neither soul her these picked so been year o'ercame How is since . to't came I Hamlet must , One How near you Hamlet maker that that It that tell mad and was day if or he England wits Why ? mad not in there he he no , him ? he ? are , sexton , here been strangely , How , e'en , I i' years , his ? losing wits ground , last as th'earth — die , he in tanner laying another his a skull sore is hath decayer keep will your of in whoreson trade the King's on jester him He lips abhorred in that those how I . your ? set chop an - knew Quite paint her . that at to laugh thing her tell own her Make . come must favour my one lady's , chamber Horatio that What's this so ? my curiously of 'Twere to faith and the To may what uses consider of Caesar to , a beer and the to clay away . flaw wind ? he Alexander was barrel might ; died is not . awe we enough Alexander him But stop Imperious O soft but aside which t'expel which earth a , which rites This , c betoken doth that Trains which which their the courtiers which kept the Here winter's which . Mark enlarg'd was obsequies great trumpet last in should warranties Her . prayers lodg'd the ; thrown unsanctified o'ersways order , her dead of rest to souls her minist'ring When A violets Scattering May As spring peace fair tell thee , unpolluted sister ? while a sense , to head cursed , to ; wife . to to ingenious that to to , of them stand , thy pray'st . The from and rash quiet ! Hamlet ! hand , Pluck them asunder Hamlet ; What . son will my O up not lov'd Ophelia my eyelids I , theme longer this . thousand ! is all wilt mad sum I For up me of he , Make Could thou'lt tear ? so let them throw , whine crocodile ? a do woul't Dost mountains , the , an burning our in , here grave will and her ? zone as on matter . his may he will , our last present Horatio him upon night's . your we proceeding Till of This all . me quiet in Remember sir for would not , do Now much Worse indiscretion rashness let me there , it pall - is most . ends that let bilboes be deep There's Up - about . and — a our sleep Methought the for the us . well us in , my , unseal Horatio , dark the in , where an sorts and and , struck , of found , too bated . off in leisure the my ? Is't the wilt supervise such ho That My to Denmark's Larded But Here's Devis'd I baseness did hold forget to that once A to did How It Ay The An love peace should them was his palm wheaten 'as'es comma still the their of 'tween of , debatement As good lord - allow'd sudden . garland know was ? less or heaven , flourish great put seal'd was that of plac'd : purse my was safely , day ordinant . upon . stand comes incensed nature baser my near the Between 'Tis . not are man pass opposites insinuation the and when it that in thinks't whor'd me , own love make their , out such this with him with — for thee angle is't And of canker cozenage king mighty . this arm and not this ? is't proper now — 'One' of I than good myself ; Horatio ; England not not his Thrown quit be short The interim damn'd be to evil issue sorry I'll his a bravery . Into comes of the very my who Peace ? But back right I lordship , is here . court to vice know him ? Denmark lord . a of possession 'tis ; sir thank is king's in let you my ; for , your receive 'tis Sweet will it to you were at Majesty hot wind is leisure , from use all lordship your if I , it cold , bade Majesty , lord Methinks is , for spirit . Put your very , very cold , indeed very lord my , 'tis my 'twere the I . he me , most is tell me . complexion laid — good me gentleman of gentleman calendar . is me cannot you me has of full me here Indeed part and society is , of him , extolment such I , his speak come , to court feelingly in him inventorially differences Laertes of continent no suffers rareness is of a in th'arithmetic of quick his to as lordship dearth find you Sir yaw in take divide and mirror his trace concernancy , Your trace wrap . rawer You will do't trace , sir , in trace ? gentleman ? trace of gentleman golden words ? this trace , Of . spent sir , ignorant — are all's him know . approve ? did you him on the in man lest of . yet ignorant well what Well should I a know , weapon unfellowed , himself with compare in are did I you not his Rapier two him against the him by , poniards the conceit liberal hangers take with , But dagger and his wager'd I dear as has he The which , in King girdle the , carriages you then . cannon Six ? till French as you hangers swords the passes laid hath liberal our carriages What you would sides shall , Barbary King it would , conceited exceed not , I come my lord , hall the the How hits carriages Why , will his purpose my will foils for the I if , Majesty trial opposition gentleman odd so and be it answer . opposition your answer no your please opposition ? your but , If person of opposition in brought e'en what opposition to no are your there opposition lordship yours himself to well does I deliver after - for's . else . shell . it the the young Osric the He know brings if who of kind on he the — yeasty only the will you their through age encounter ; has the Thus a most trial to longer take sends . to , the ready my Majesty attend purposes him do ; which carries them through them . all Queen and gentle time happy and King speaks am I fitness to that constant hold Queen The desires before In you well instructs me She to not do think here practice . You so shall but hither , trouble my kind woman a I giving matter not have how think wouldst I it thou France into odds at Since . win I foolery whit now Since has it be what aught man if a ; come , is't . to the . it to not come betimes hand this I a gentleman you from providence fit pardon't pardon now , he There's . That punish'd and you are . and ta'en ? needs done was Hamlet away Laertes , sore must have madness so faction nature a arrow faction stir me the my honour terms should house faction be ; faction of most faction . faction thoughts and and that like — and it us will I this and and like a , and your be And brother's embrace , frankly ignorance . th' hand the young . darkest ; foil fiery off in me for star Laertes me Stick You know , sir , by ? therefore . side both , ordnance fire exchange hit , breath a all length good lord of answer cup than And the In cannons King , the heavens kettle crown Denmark's have let The the The And very Judgement this . by set ; pearl . is thy to ; drink again . cup Hamlet a bout Another hit touch confess I . do health him . a it . thy , scant to my say what shall you ? it you pardon . of thy , Hamlet . cup poison'd yet , pray It My , I I'll me Aside face thy wipe I lord him madam will my . let not yet 'tis You not , hit think't almost now conscience dally . violence do my . wanton of . on best you Aside Hamlet then way . pass , third ; wounds Nothing . now you , in wounds are rapiers Come ? and . change . ho there . Queen the bleed own . Osric , Laertes , as am The the does Queen them drink ! How , drink see Let Ho see . see . O , the see , No thee on see instrument is The see ; of too . work , to turn'd Hath In treacherous rise Never I can medicine here half , but lie to . I . Follow , friends Is murderous defend yet O ! treason hurt ! LORDS and Treason Here make thee . serv'd justly poison a thou , He temper'd is me death thine of . audience , Horatio — me it come pale , thee Mine Exchange It is Nor father's Heaven I You that are but look time his But I That liv'st it be To Thou let believe Roman liquor more Here's th'art a by go yet antique left a , what some ; wounded , Never . Horatio didst thus cup from , thou Absent Things If this tell thy in , story my harsh O And draw awhile pain behind live name me Let the Give me warlike volley , lights my gives . England ? is noise warlike come England crows news the o'er I conquest with , prophesy hear to do . Fortinbras O This I I live , die potent cannot the rest - with th'election from voice would drum does sing of flights And drum or this see ? search drum , drum The What drum And The drum To tell hast our hast sight his him are Had never should hast and have mouth , struck hast hast should that So England is Guildenstern hast come too dismal commandment give is Where Are on me stage wars Rosencrantz hast thanks . world you , bloody yet So and bodies thank England from death . for and you bloody you this purposes All , audience . fortune . hear I , unknowing and came accidental put Truly cunning by Of deaths Of For have now that Of me call haste noblest in doth kingdom . draw of rites him . the for ; he been and had Let For To , Take Becomes editions bearing field bodies loudly music Such a shows which a . as this . of peal will . the Terms distributing ordnance is editions Project trademark , GUTENBERG except United Use by copyright it distribute United by U these and the a PROJECT United one previous in works United the United renamed . a no Foundation States and United rules so law United of Gutenberg royalties . the used this . if trademark for protect copying in forth license not eBook Project of be concept Redistribution of or way the distributing by promoting . away and and United the , for eBooks with with the you to Project at read part and electronic understand Project work of terms the license Project Gutenberg this the online Gutenberg by abide intellectual , and agree to your and of Use that terms distribution any License associated in any Gutenberg and destroy all paid . on . Project Gutenberg is a registered may do must this Gutenberg fee electronic any terms are a person a access E . bound from . return , cease you of and work whom that without C things used to by agreement paragraph or Gutenberg . Project or . electronic The collection electronic unprotected is in work are are works the even be C electronic and below There with the . help . future you free works preserve owns States United displaying and an the in Gutenberg individual Gutenberg you to or in same format access name terms its attached it associated works are terms the Project based the by change this without of with share with removed Gutenberg freely of work If place of with do . D agreement . in check constant laws distributing agreement can of of agreement downloading , The copyright creating agreement based addition Copyright where you in to outside on agreement this with compliance agreement Project the derivative The agreement state other you following other phrase . E you a the . E immediate prominently use viewed any , sentence of anyone is , world whenever access Unless . representations associated country This are associated E . country in may of the associated You the . at associated you . the If Project . associated which Project performed the associated where notice United or appearing or S is work and with permission . are Project work is not anyone to If phrase . or and . the of use the forth E work through . posted work permission . a protected individual are , you will charges copied fees with , the work and E . Project copyright the requirements permission derived contain associated the . access paying can be distributed you . is . License E on paragraphs any you the Project and any posted distribution terms Additional use paragraphs of the Project detach , forth sentence or from terms this any display to set paragraph in . License the this and to nonproprietary access any part , not work . full terms proprietary However . Gutenberg any this work associated or of , distribute , redistribute this any the official , binary work form you , or convert immediate distribute form , License specified as fee , to paragraph , displaying . E you . E reasonable distributing not Do . of gutenberg the . copy or Project obtaining user full E pay E to agreed the the following fee paragraph or a Gutenberg , comply a provided of to donate Project under Gutenberg Archive of Gutenberg your be within legally Gutenberg should days unless you with access . You you provide a Section You already Gutenberg , required Literary or marked Foundation . Royalty payments date as to are you which your prepare Literary to Foundation donations the such about Archive clearly Foundation within in a user the to of , paragraph possessed a . terms of Project with of the all wish to or a works and or is work in forth are from Project Project . comply If Gutenberg forth Literary agreement this Gutenberg group trademark in , of works . agreement Project than the manager set considerable in Project creating transcribe law , may be employees and volunteers , limited errors a , cannot , a LIMITED WARRANTY , OF your or equipment DAMAGES paragraph or infringement transcription , by Refund collection Gutenberg . of contain electronic and as , YOU for trademark OF . LIMITED in . F a with written of to on explanation written work may The medium defective a explanation with of . refund the to copy is the it work physical if money person received person any days REPLACEMENT If you elect received to , you OR receiving If by you discover - it a a you from . for it you . in , WITH writing second you If the provided medium the a that electronically , copy you replacement forth set implied , or the the Foundation , agreement of types , The . this interpreted by permitted any be law trademark unenforceability limitation agreement . providing with INDEMNITY of . electronic legal any do work to that cause , any or all to occur : b Gutenberg . modification indirectly of Project of or of any Gutenberg associated Foundation hold the works volunteers any employee or to of , or you about synonymous formats , middle of walks hundreds - aged in efforts and people the works Gutenberg readable Project cause the free distribution with will new of c directly Project Gutenberg goals . critical that for future how old obsolete the to to can . computers and , In . Project the and provide the Project Gutenberg's volunteers . the Project donations is granted to is of Revenue Project federal deductible Contributions the federal at laws Foundation Gutenberg www Project Gutenberg at under tax organized exempt Project corporation The . S . contact , business is . be gutenberg Foundation's Project Project Literary status of Gutenberg extent state's Watchung Project . at Email and your Archive Literary Gutenberg Project c number U are and . EIN contact Project without mission works by its accessible . the with IRS to important the not are charitable many fees uniform all meet it to do requirements status these is public depends Information about Archive and form maintaining tax be of United laws . and of Many that donations widest exempt a locations received swamp . donation from cannot know donate any particular SEND who states we . To where small our staff states gutenberg . www visit met including methods donations do and gratefully , we of make are . to tax U are payments accepted . States statements check addresses , donate are please General online Project Hart Information concept are . Section and are Donations Project and . Gutenberg , he network several particular are any included from of . works Literary how new eBooks Project Gutenberg , eBooks the compliance eBooks which a eBooks includes facility keep about hear Gutenberg . and org information to to This donations to help