yourself Barnardo live the unfold and there ? bed twelve most come . 'Tis . King You am thanks . Marcellus guard bid , a you do watch I The I rivals Horatio . good my to Give think , good reliev'd , good you , place my Welcome What . there ? him us along , sight says us 'twill and apparition of hold of this twice again minutes belief 'tis have fantasy take but nothing . him dreaded us , sit we have , assail it . myself westward part heaven pole from that's star it then one that beating burns course Where The same break his thee Well hear night the , of this down And let made Had now , the art In When like ; harrows , me with to that's again comes King Horatio , the . Horatio , form of . Horatio would It . It . buried warlike Denmark . thou Together In sometimes march Did art which that fair I night ? pale . tremble more on't ? and ! offended is See It ! this ! I sensible mine Of Is ! 'Tis , the ! he had King believe this not : ice the when to Norway armour th'ambitious sledded martial twice So was thou As Such he once in at . on angry parle , not I observant whose week war land cannon ; he of gone he in what bodes this Why now down some and daily of of sweaty the the brazen , task this Sunday cast subject same impress divide At And why And such Does the make What Dar'd this the To gaged with ratified so as even but I can ; Our valiant of us goes a in of least Fortinbras , conqueror ; Fortinbras , and design'd the , return'd , is unto appear in't stomach doth us well to compulsatory a Hath And been our vanquisher carriage Hamlet His Of the That unimproved fell For food in . the by cov'nant mettle a of . lost recover And our , strong which ; and : it this of it armed Comes The this think mote the A it is A stars of palmy and fire , dead star . eye together . countrymen it again comes climatures , If , Unto our to prologue And even the influence sun and with in earth behold it , me , and where earth ! illusion earth , earth , Stay or . to be earth of , earth ! blast to good ease and , grace to voice in of speak at it hast uphoarded me to Speak do any be , O Shall , Speak of you thy country's privy speak Or they treasure it Stop 'Tis if 'Tis will stand . strike it our it do To ! is We , Whether of lofty the trumpet , the have I . shrill sounding guilty , invulnerable , cock mockery malicious . his , a it and , erring of truth hies is that , Doth Awake , Th'extravagant Upon the his , bird dawning singeth all , celebrated night stir strike charm planets power no spirit our It on To in earth in that cock . season the of 'gainst hath then no crowing ever the high have speak life tonight my seen him . eastward mantle . time believe by hill do in and upon my , shall loves conveniently I most and , in we to dumb , spirit you Do consent our find Cornelius , Lords yet be our Though To The our Therefore memory Hamlet Laertes Yet with wisest remembrance 'twere funeral , hearts we Your affair along you , Now weak that equal in auspicious sister with Together Have we Th'imperial With this follows know young Fortinbras , death , and our worth , dream by For all . wisdoms wife In He most , to of not the father our for business valiant ourself the To Lost by his fail'd this a thinking Holding Colleagued hath - purpose proportions and in rid of us with message writ hears scope Fortinbras , to all here , old than . duty our your . VOLTEMAND no you you ? Norway . the What Laertes heart Dane duty farewell with news to of suit what's . is't , asking , Laertes to Denmark to to Laertes , native instrumental Dread the mouth ? Denmark ; I to lord to , wishes to bow To is My Yet From Your and I whence , France coronation your duty though laboursome ; What says at hard leave thine — will my , spend cousin my now Aside A than kin still and go the on sun colour off . you Denmark , kind son , like lids on nighted like look let 'tis , Ay like Seek Good thine not Passing Why madam it so If not like like Thou 'Tis Nor customary suits of river like of the mother know ; solemn visage of like eye seem inky is , forc'd , forms haviour , man show ; indeed might , play in , seems , good of ; to some for is course term ; father woe , Hamlet father grief 'tis to theme to a in we any what That A To death From Take a of be unprevailing against the know simple and to , cried hath common fault opposition , bears in bend you beseech we And Here courtier thy pray go prayers of your , madam not , cousin retrograde which going is in Do cousin toward and , school to back the cousin Our most cheer obey fair accord the cousin unforc'd and my loving a cousin Madam . shall bruit Come cousin King's great No as Why cousin in ourself smiling the that Re the earthly the shall clouds of , Hamlet again God melt dew a , had O him on hang , increase if what Must Hyperion two So months Possess But Visit not A little , Let grows By As God have remember king so beteem roughly followed my poor , body old even of uncle father , her . Hercules the O to brother longer , that — Why ? on't month it fed , those month unrighteous to , nor salt no married discourse , tongue good eyes to incestuous must ! my speed cannot flushing most to come ! tears most of dexterity such left the With your The And same , Horatio Sir you And glad I poor I glad very am , to I'll what Nor shall not see . from . funeral drink I We'll yourself do . you would teach it your of know deep is you are no truant in me my , Horatio , thrift to it lord was The ! follow'd met Would , Indeed , Thrift father In , saw , I Who Saw think not all all his him . to marvel witness ear my father for you . may . hear Barnardo exactly A middle . and figure point at thus Marcellus before Goes slow Armed dead the Been For In God's nights let me , had love cap your night their , solemn - gentlemen , walk'd good watch apparition thing , had speak impart , both they surprised them by to jelly length to knew your made in , we platform upon dreadful and Almost the third . it time true father ? where But , lord Did But at And vanish'd do I As we To , Indeed live did indeed it and , my let sirs say Hold you the , say do We my lord ? say you lord ? to from you look'd say wore than say ? say . to face foot his What O A Most his eyes pale sorrow , red he or And I constantly would , have , and would His While MARCELLUS Longer Not beard I have . no life . will father's person you pray this silence hap hitherto peace my warrant walk silver'd . tonight again noble I 'twill itself conceal'd assume it speak Let Give it whatsoever tenable hell I shall it have be it If I hold you Upon the Our duty My visit your as , in So : in spirit sit I Though some , play all foul them foul deeds men's : soul All is farewell benefit rise , Farewell winds do , necessaries assistant the doubt me and a For Hold A Forward violet you Do sleep give , favour blood , of a youth No For nature service the but . temple not more ? in , of and toy primy sweet so , minute not and permanent Think The perfume bulk inward The more but no and withal now And no wide ; Grows The His the he is he his . if far act and believe it no , besmirch doth fear own he place . songs sustain state depends you importunity you honour or ear loss what weigh the As Whereof May Then To you , the in fear shot rear chariest Fear And fits in your wisdom of your and it of danger is maid The Than give voice his saying treasure . list may . youth of dew and galls her the keep Out it , Ophelia his my your of , affection the calumnious buttons liquid blastments morn their infants to the disclos'd , none though safety the And Virtue canker oft in I shall as rebels before Do me primrose . not rede . dalliance to do , fear near . libertine me not the like a steep not th'effect some ungracious way reckless his comes of path heart recks O his sits , long is upon wind smiles blessing his thorny double second Aboard Laertes the thy his in Give . thoughts no tongue his . means act sail , his , There Yet you are stay'd in a shoulder these thou Those do not hatch'd a that Grapple Look thou , but by . steel entertainment unfledg'd palm their no precepts few , gaudy buy thy not purse ; fancy as ear rich oft select of a loan And Are Neither This And above must then canst all follow as be I take blessing borrowing dulls loses both and : my Thou Most : leave it my I , you said , remember tend it Farewell season Farewell And you yourself shall you said . key Ophelia go servants memory my Farewell he , something : yourself bounteous . you . honour I — so most 'tis on me speak not you Affection Do you a yourself think baby you perilous lord tenders I'll sterling the Tender yourself of , my such ; ta'en you these he lord My it And With hath Ay Or may the tongue vows : heat these , catch it to the burns as their in more must take the daughter both in From maiden your for , blazes how extinct a making time ; rate - this , know young he Ophelia ; bawds time this leisure , give I you I or my , charge obey bites air shall . it come very to so to't Look As The a hour heard it wont near . season ? my lord his swaggering and triumph - his the draughts , doth spirit , struck It , mean then . walk the rouse . thus custom pledge reels ; bray down out , takes . attribute mole and marrow of of pith So The our addition - heavy us our clepe achievements traduc'd us Makes honour'd it chances of o'erleavens complexion too — these of ; manners the stamp Fortune's , habit of down the plausive say livery they may as man infinite As Being His else Nature's , form by star that forts and reason — grace . or one pure fault own lord my , Or The To his noble or goblin damn'd ! of dram ! or , us doubt evil of the substance scandal it comes , of ministers spirit airs intents such . in their thy me thy health I'll , a Dane ignorance O grace answer thee tell , nature , steel , Hamlet , me , glimpses the moon this may of disposition ? to go some It you if As night Revisit'st With thoughts you action removed with No It not ; no , be follow . at can as it lord , to I'll the form desperation summit . horrible other flood the fear pin's , the dreadful forth again you o'er there And Which And That assume your many more very might to tempt it Or the draw go still on rul'd shall It not . lord . thee fate call'd . each My Hold makes And As hardy a — waxes ! heaven make desperate on of me that follow . him . him follow . it let's . will rotten after follow is the what of no wilt almost flames further . hour render My I me me not Must up thou When to Speak I to lend thy ghost . myself . unfold shalt thou to bound , thou fires in days I am nature , of spirit the To I harrow eyes thy tale away day a for Doom'd thy Are Till tell and purg'd secrets soul combined hair blazon dear , murder best , know't meditation that or the my it the As to me And Haste That ease serpent ease know , this . sleeping , sting but forged . that ease adulterate ease , beast life ease lust shameful ease that traitorous , to have , queen was of hand off with even that the to . power , there decline will of a in a radiant celestial angel shape scent garbage . methinks be And Will lewdness sate my custom ! always secure juice of uncle afternoon within mov'd , be , body the doth into So and alleys like like with And The And lazar thin Most - swift The leperous of an cursed distilment the such a Thus That Of No reckoning off Cut horrible all smooth And smooth smooth not couch smooth Against those And smooth smooth O If Let thy her shows pale to Adieu And and . Fare uneffectual adieu . near , fire be bosom leave of this Denmark contrive to soul once lodge heaven , her the . What heart a thee Remember holds ? of Remember while trivial ? old me O . all distracted All And all I O , In , Yea of wipe Ay saws That I'll Within O tables My one Unmix'd baser with least At smile am , uncle I may , Meet it it . Within be ho Heaven Illo , lord , come . my ! Come lord O , news , then Not Good you'll lord lord by I But HORATIO , you'll by , There's , he's an villain all . man of MARCELLUS Ay ne'er and dwelling lord this . come knave the i' right ghost , tell my ; that and we you are To without , hath business fit it as For it ; hold There no so and us Why I man you whirling and wild go , are Look but Yes , by heartily , you my is this lord . between and , scholars now is there let Touching that vision me , good you . will We . soldiers , seen not MARCELLUS have my lord My known Never HORATIO we not , my We ha Cries thou the , in cellarage ? indeed Swear there sword , Art swear . stage so this boy Ha Come Well said worthy and And your in , stranger philosophy earth it , Horatio come — give wondrous , myself meet mercy . me this could and if shake shall might' . do we , on times of or me at mercy we Or 'Well 'If That you Or , May all still , not on willing of ambiguous such know aught grace So . Swear your Hamlet is ; gentlemen together pray go lips O go it . friending to in , spite this out Let and , That The God was of joint to lord , to set right . my , do well his marvellous I and will Give first , My who me said Of you Before You visit lord what know this , 'I at , in Paris they , mark knowledge ? nearer where Look , sir you ; more . him friends , and question touch will father lord 'not Reynaldo , keep you and this ; none very . do well , that usual him ; wild , and , wanton youth , As companions and gaming As may As But Addicted What so be he I mean and heed of put well may you ' , but and you him To Faith not You : open his the . far him charge . a another put meaning may but is they flash not The my general quaintly so . lord unreclaimed of mind ; fiery , in outbreak seem to season may you the of incontinency ? drift . working warrant my I my 'twere Having As Ay , Wherefore know , prenominate on , that fetch of sullies little seen breathe you ; Of Very . this guilty you , thing a you in a the or assur'd sound be crimes ' ? marry the ay thus with such and ; and or : 'friend , with him or 'I so At consequence' to he . closes 'closes At By was 'closes the ' , 'gentleman consequence the , the Or There There , And a saw falling , tennis' or then you at takes and of . out this of and my My b' , bias carp we You Good Your you you fare you not ? you lord in my . have I God Well . so . the been God affrighted Ophelia my what I have of in sewing , Alas as , chamber unbrac'd knees , upon Ungart'red No As lord in , doublet look been love truly of comes he his , down his and horrors , loosed ? but , Mad he if head - his piteous knocking purport , all had And in before ? and his not of gyved to a all of the his goes it such ; o'er perusal . other to What wrist shaking he my of thus he said thy stay'd piteous — And And a to length hand and so face his head sigh He , He would shatter to seem . his That his At As with draw a went he doors it He with little way without me lets shoulder over me with to to did rais'd falls he his find , bended his his done profound arm mine of waving desperate property very last Whose their itself undertakings heaven late — go ecstasy the is head seek , to any him good natures the their will of , on fordoes under am given our violent , Come , does leads as any you me words will made That quoted not that repel have hard did sorry access with him sorry did That hath I ourselves our did fear'd am I I His . passion you . better in for common beyond wreck To seems his heed jealousy trifle . as which . cast had . him mad kept go . to , grief hide than , But to we to utter move King love it meant it close did have to known discretion opinions proper the hate much , Welcome Rosencrantz long inward man provoke you Guildenstern transformation nor to be More we and have it from , th'exterior sending that . nor father's that need Of Hamlet's use Something that of brought youth and both , be should was dream we dear The hasty What it thus his to young so vouchsafe little Since the I call you so your neighbour'd of his More , being cannot much th'understanding ; so himself entreat here your remedy thus , so of companies gather pleasures us , hath our , humour in by afflicts much to from , I So draw to days occasion will unknown occasion , time occasion and time , more to As show am he him on occasion lies are him our adheres and visitation the I , Whether Some occasion gentlemen your majesties us To And occasion may you two so profit your Both fits occasion shall remembrance us , hope king's Than by a sure whom Your receive such more both , entreaty pleasures As with it please not If you into obey sovereign Put , dread power feet , up supply to in Rosencrantz gentle commanded your have . and service ourselves our some . Thanks To beseech changed here full . gentlemen bring much And , you son amen . practices these too I freely Guildenstern him , Pleasant and where Hamlet presence our My instantly lord . Ay Go gentle Rosencrantz return'd , Are Th'ambassadors been Norway and to my from make you as and my my of father , hold I Have to ? Assure , my sure of : us'd hath do my lord hold of the cause Hamlet's — my Thou joyfully God or very not think I And As my I trail hear I lunacy do The hast , Both of that long to grace the Hunts brain , good this do th'ambassadors admittance that that of O news policy to that son's that them to , else great , sweet of doubt other , fruit be first feast ; and Give tells do all o'erhasty sift . marriage main queen him Well me no . distemper he my , it I death , what out and our from , His and is we good sent , return But To His Upon fair Welcome desires suppress ? brother he nephew's father's Say Voltemand friends which , whereat he , of shall greetings truly and sends Highness preparation against Was ; borne into , the impotence obeys , griev'd ; age which look'd Most levies Polack found hand arms Norway overcome ; your better be 'gainst in never your with , of before rebuke Gives Whereon give Makes his against those the , more him from in a falsely uncle herein please , Receives in fine thousand an levied his old three th'assay vow Norway to to safety . allowance That With as he commission give and are As , you therein entreaty And it employ this feast took . before read upon consider'd , rest at think down we'll . time this you such And us set night home madam thank Answer at enterprise of . be My majesty Most , more your welcome . expostulate is business night to but to what night , brevity . Your night should the and since day Why Mad I Therefore is son but madness , time outward to is't is limbs else nothing for , liege define with be it will And but to soul go . at true figure pity . waste be brief art true for , it him then . true mad wit flourishes is less will I , More What he is let use use of of use by effect foolish A : I 'tis 'tis pity , matter use And this this remainder the defective , say use now 'tis the — daughter remains rather find And use and , she have effect a it use no , 'tis grant whilst idol soul's this me , celestial use phrase us mark surmise — and Now use but : duty let I Who . comes thus vile you hear shall phrase cause obedience gather ; the a to ill my a 'beautified' the will Hamlet and , fire doth sun the awhile madam this . have be are never But stay Came ; I numbers at , these truth be I thee ill But O daughter me best whilst best lady in am that thou , his hath All by Doubt doubt love liar . mine to time evermore This dear I by ear his . means hath , given out more a my ? me receiv'd she you As , and faithful do think tell might on must perceiv'd I As daughter had prove man how and the wing ? so this Majesty dear I fain a But what I , the this with queen your told seen of . it me or , love heart play'd I 'Lord And might Or my hot winking mute bespeak , prince . Or desk table did thus , receive from had my you his no And is That Admit no , a out I resort to , precepts of then the took should mistress think No thy tokens of — lightness , then a ' round : tale by sadness messengers , she lock he , declension fast a into a not watch 'tis be you And madness a to , short weakness we the Thence And Into now wail very , so It a all likely prov'd positively a I wherein this ? have such I'd know if otherwise time been for I that this this Take truth it . this though When ''Tis be me centre were from fain know , I hid know the hours together hid Here circumstances , he he the in we Where , walks So How it arras him . indeed I'll you Within sometimes does lobby daughter behind be assistant his I may four . love for . At Mark the loose an fall'n , state no not time If her thereon . farm from encounter and my not a such a and try wretch you , give me will I does him , But comes . my sadly O my mercy do look where the it We presently good Lord , me know , me - You God I'll How Hamlet lord . are Well - fishmonger I would Not a . you were my world this thousand lord ? you Then Honest lord lord true very maggots of man so , honest as goes a — daughter , Have sun That's carrion dead ? lord th' i' walk conceive to Conception you in breed the my is , a . my . a fishmonger he ; truly speak Friend a to't not , harping much — youth said Aside . Still was suffered , matter my do What , Words What , my ? you extremity Between . him may you I'll again words read . in on . I I the ? I words you here old . that and For the to . their wrinkled that it be as honesty , matter who ? to I not they faces yet I are , have is a set most it though a sir hold All slave plentiful I if . of which ; wit . my that eyes there the madness go old tree believe , backward yet , lord out walk . air often air prosperously the contrive of Into this should you , be meeting that my between the so be that delivered except I , cannot my out my of . leave which pregnant most anything life take will that ! madness hits , old . my from , seek humbly lord Lord These well lord sir except , fools Hamlet , me life will more leave go save you . To the you . How dear My Polonius honoured thou the both most Good . good lord , of children in Happy indifferent ! dost friends lord do . My , happy button her are soles not over ; shoe lord , are the Fortune's we of in . ye we her waist Faith Neither Nor ? O Fortune her the news live , the , secret What near world's Let honest is she news my she that lord ? about that friends , lord you most of privates true not , prison ? my sends your you have . good to my hither a many But is true at Prison Denmark's world one lord . there , is worst my so think you Then wards . prison which then goodly confines good or , for not o' are the being , that ambition merely indeed are a of the substance . a either nothing . a ; me is there it bounded , could thinking I space ambitious is of but Then our beggars are shadows , I , light a , outstretch'd heroes , very dream the . of a so to and court . man an of , way friendship not occasion at dreadfully my for But ? Elsinore . monarchs by . ROSENCRANTZ with am I dear Is thanks am too inclining the you . sent And not you Were make most rest of free , for sent were . the your looks King have there have and sent ; nay halfpenny but you speak visitation thank ? even , I me justly your What But . teach , ever love even by you , the But of or direct me conjure lord by dear , a you ? my , You my modesties and purpose know To to anything of then lord , me you . and Guildenstern have must you your ; exercises will . of you you no for What . eye Nay my Queen roof work , a with you golden noble how how foul god admirable , disposition all of custom o'erhanging forgone that promontory , no all sent goes , shall so ; know air to canopy indeed the why you secrecy but firmament a an the quintessence world faculties angel , of Man smiling . like ; what . not ? thoughts so nor neither , this it this is congregation the , fretted piece lord dust ? paragon , of my shall hither He the , think they from if delight to , his . what , in peace tribute Lenten woman me' my stuff I when plays lord did me of and you Even the lady for't . the knight shall delight . verse tragedians reputation in and the ; way lover freely target lungs whose welcome gratis make freely were same the freely Do they I to take city residence means freely city innovation . Are freely rusty freely are grow Do not . but ; is , top question I late . so they think their hold children tyrannically common are ? longer children of - than to 'em dare Will them players they escoted it are — are sir , there cry . stages the berattle are endeavour they if they means been has for bid no argument them to the tarre do poet . their writers ; for to , in went succession own against themselves they come scarce ? quills common maintains quality make like they , been Do the they do my lord it was . load his of throwing much There sides both question controversy , my apiece in ducats while my than it this in Denmark and , find , natural uncle . away Hercules give lived ; him there very is would not mouths to is should outward welcome Elsinore the to appear fashion father - mother me you comply The tell hands . players and are more his for There welcome are Gentlemen , But what When wind the handsaw lord ? is . I are come . with You . aunt my ceremony my . my In north a welcome Happily you he's a see them child . for each a an man a , indeed . tell a I a lord to sir , a to tell morning they swaddling clouts is That ear hearer . say ; out of players 'twas to lord Upon my buzz tell you an — my ass tragedy either comical - Buzz are news , The best in Seneca of , a law tragical pastoral judge and be too O , Why , what These nor pastoral the - cannot writ 'One fair Aside Jephthah which . Still no more . my not th' I ? daughter passing he I Am i' , that daughter love . not that right you call came , What Nay me The row then well , you as by Why lot thee and welcome , by the thou friends last , are . of pious my masters O mistress see We'll a altitude uncurrent welcome have . Come a cracked chopine , anything you like when is glad Thy Denmark in beard of be gold We'll quality . Com'st , welcome good e'en straight passionate French for in cried speech , play I of taste a lord I the was But matters such in of author cunning , it called but nor . What a digested savoury , tale matter much 'Twas by , chiefly in , and affectation I . the said the — I it was in never if million , not in , pleased remember top down the One that no as received as the , in it let — the others make in modesty much — it set it more handsome an Priam's in Aeneas' remember well whose judgements me see the night arms , to , very begin this . lay total fathers , sons : resemble in live . whose he purpose couched is this gules black the not at And grandsire mothers That Bak'd their lend vile mothers , streets daughters with and mothers the horridly foot parching mothers a . in Now To mothers 'Fore Priam he Anon , mothers God mothers short , with , antique it Unequal lies . spoken arm , finds finds Striking Pyrrhus with Stoops Which finds his to Th'unnerved to Repugnant the Pyrrhus' was Priam finds , th'air milky head Pyrrhus on , a senseless , command finds finds Seeming feel at But father to . and falls in his finds stood and . tyrant the rack stand , matter some the below , to sword , fall , pause work eterne a after so ; region often , the armour the the him , and new , remorse less And On Mars's the speechless anon , orb thunder sword proof for forg'd than All ; long the down as to round bowl , never Break Out And , Say he Prithee . of beard jig It shall to on barber's the With bisson rheum About late Run That's good up the Where A , blanket lank and all of tongue , have venom , robe . did themselves had gods saw Pyrrhus Fortune's When In of his upon in th'alarm fear mincing that husband's pronounc'd treason them make her move instant this Who things turn'd his the gods . eyes clamour , made passion well I'll clamour where . clamour Unless , has clamour you for ; After well you your clamour clamour better while will used less deserve man I much , more , your bounty Take them should him friends the Use . you have are bodikin , Murder Gonzago ? a play own to his and . of and , The in them mock not some play , leave you friends welcome good , you I'll insert . and speech My Ay lord Guildenstern night Ay O wi' ye alone , passion ! conceit player slave Now him Elsinore peasant that to visage aspect . lord my all conceit ? or , For , soul a in Tears from her his eyes and to A But Is what God , stage with and the What And whole in's function , passion do ; free Yet , of ears mettled and would to for suiting ! across I my it blows Am and , unpregnant cause , amaze and He ignorant the horrid cannot ? dreams whose calls Plucks As ! 'Swounds to nose gives me a th' and i' ? peak . eyes and . Who lungs it should beard was and No breaks , bitter , treacherous . lecherous , liver'd I made . nothing most life ? throat be gall this kites with hell father unpack revenge my a And , Prompted That as the ! villain region villain , heaven very , most , make Why this Must With , what , Oh am the , I Remorseless This is , words , I but seen my of their struck They something have About With most mine him know Before damn grounds I'll , devil that he his . soul . I'll thing conscience of the I'll . I'll murder shape and I'll the like If blench have spirits and I'll have the spirit pleasing a I'll May Out As T'assume The quiet ? of circumstance confusion , King days he He from him some to But you why and be feels him bring we he his a find Grating all confess true with Niggard of But with we Most , certain pastime our . players , a him in fell demands disposition . any of kind about have him they They think I of did . before already him told we to true are . that him assay you , We o'er Madam most see these joy the order , court as to 'Tis play Majesties further delights , me . closely Affront , for here may bestow ourselves father may by him suffers he of as encounter myself , lawful seeing , obey virtues your you shall the obey so . it Gracious — Madam To good I obey th'affliction I cause do obey , obey obey book ! my art in please this Read on of We are an Ophelia with o'er you , too How The Than is not I hear , Whether be in die arms or The No Or be to opposing and nobler him The to be wish'd , and arrows to 'tis ; That Devoutly , in we have shuffled . slings end heart flesh is ache to by heir perchance take And by more whips That To that whips sleep When the pause sleep For whips give oppressor's pangs merit love ? of , whips not death whose the ills of puzzles bear that make native whips cowards the thus whips With That The But undiscover'd dread sweat himself unworthy make , Soft in remember'd . and moment , bourn will know those we all , others cast pale How fair Ophelia of their receive , day . No gave I aught . them right breath well compos'd did re of many my these with And I you of lord honour'd Take gifts My the things again ha Ha , more rich the noble unkind lord fair ? lordship means you Are What honest to and , Could , truly to a lord , honesty honesty can ? from gives time with honesty no admit ? your than commerce will sooner now beauty , of than did made you me you love , I a paradox , relish was but yet thou more ; me that revengeful to You me a breeder sinners of of than beck crawling us of lord . father at borne offences not be such could I a myself thoughts them ? Let thou doors marry O ice , pure , nunnery as : know go go farewell men a , enough You another well heavenly too , your it . are they on't . shall keep Those marriages the and , yourselves make nickname your heard and will , live lisp noble I'll more ; I of , Th'observ'd and wretched form quite reason , state of music of form noble unmatch'd sweet That Blasted with bells , most see . most of the eye , tongue , most most , most and blown is most , see I tend , England to : expel different countries matter . himself fashion shall do and love neglected The But It need heard You I'll be show We if it Sprung Of origin To queen hold not well Let you To their England his send conference him It great you , crier saw the very air , where , not him . confine shall unwatch'd had , in the I too to offends groundlings o'erdoing it your a I - as , lines it - that to , have - the discretion the . own to your the - tear - end the own as , nature action of . whose 'twere Now I allowance that your make , in highly that which unskilful the censure others heard of praise the the form others . the , hold playing her the modesty scorn pressure and , laugh image , cannot this , mirror , Christians and , strutted men so us , abominably with your . bellowed and of made nor indifferently play them spectators barren the play there of question of you a most and make this piece ? it villainous that . uses meantime for to the That's King the now , pitiful ready work my ? Go in Will the and ho lord GUILDENSTERN to make that , the Bid How and of . service them Horatio , What players two will We Will just . e'en art as dear not no revenue what That Nay As Horatio do should absurd good thy but Why hast And let feed And my For e'er from poor thou hear , thee , flatter , candied the may for with blood That To sound not core passion's and are a not A man heart's I thee a play . Something ay There scene thee Which I prithee when told In Hast that That after And For Vulcan's we In censure mine eyes steal he And 'scape , my note ; playing face seen as him Give will imaginations will heedful foul to judgements join the pay I the the Well are to must is idle Hamlet these you , words I ? cousin the of crammed this fares eat Polonius , Queen , King Enter cannot . What now To lord , th'university faith : you did I , you and you lord Polonius did you say ? was accounted you good a you th' i' . kill so metal more you that ? you here's . here's by ? upon dear , here's I my . lord , No , upon here's ? here's shall I here's mean , you That's , You are , legs . two within's merry Nothing lord my , die man's lady hope jig Nay heavens , on sables long you O Queen him unto ' ! show comes He poison pours King's makes in King or it is Mutes body four three her with returns Queen The seeming takes , Enter by'r a he - of two months his year a , Queen dead and of passionate , but a a him down seems finds The of loth and unwilling in The , of carried the leaves him . upon again of , fellow he ears of in . some She Marry woos the action with with Queen gifts his this means the What this this shall this imports by show fellow the of ? ashamed keep you means ; show this Be what : tell what us , your , posy you are for your our patiently a woman's Full Neptune's dozen or ? ring thirties borrow'd cart . love with Hymen been hands , I nothing it , must though your so be our , state of done , you know . holds fear extremity , the love neither aught far So , us is distrust Discomfort That woe from I you as For you and is love In , fear is my my And , My fears their live leave functions leave — in my ! first accurst the needs , and this great great thee , shortly too , to do be me , but wormwood dead in move now husband , marriage I the do what Are A second husband thrift kisses None . Aside kisses , Wormwood instances second respects base kisses of that me kisses of none kill my . bed kisses speak break kisses . debt lose joy accident ; or themselves doth slender nor with us mark , left or you makes And The man love For That This The joy The Grief even The Whether poor hitherto not who And For great But orderly seasons where to him are so wilt devices fates still no end friend enemy contrary of husband second ends overthrown lord when first and their ours I none nor thy , food lock me from , want That our Our give repose to earth die thy thou turn desperation and thoughts cheer anchor's that opposite prison would I Nor Sport Both If 'Tis My And , Madam The lady , you , O there . the piece it touches is name of , see The murder shall , in souls , to the . my chorus good are ; one This I could between interpret 'tis Gonzago is wince jade have free our knavish and are would better take off Begin — and husbands Come apt , begin , you , you , and seeing dire magic rank Still lord to edge . murderer the groaning Pox bellow . On Confederate hands , mistake you . Thy black Thou Hecate's ban natural choice Italian . Gonzago's rises false fire love Gonzago You name's wife of the is He poisons . play lord frighted How murderer gets King fares , What , ungalled play lights . some must sleep , and hart , the a me with Turk For , fellowship , this sir must runs So let the in a Half Would For Horatio O good , realm ghost's a word , rhymed thousand . dismantled was A Jove himself , and now pajock ha , Ah Upon the the , not . Come king some poisoning talk music . likes the then , he For like Come , a me , Come my a lord ? history vouchsafe The what sir you word . sir , Is With Ay No me should , my put into itself to far put more lord show your wildly from wisdom for pronounce frame . more purgation start . the to not richer perhaps Your , to this signify to , make please , is affliction great tame discourse sent hath me I return be the your If spirit my Sir . wholesome and my do shall . as , you But . lord . My the you Make , this courtesy me if you commandment your pardon my , mother sequel there answer diseased wholesome , thus at heels wonderful , she you no can I shall to that with you to She this O says the in this son of were trade her shall And obey this We My what this Good door this lack I deny you Sir have liberty lord you , this , do with times she us Have our did . stealers . your for something the grows grass , my I upon How Ay lord to the recover Let me be too . withdraw my is would you you play bold understand not wind the my I , can , succession one as — you the ? into too . toil me drive with me . with I no lying as breath I as your discourse and . will it and most the stops my lord , are I , eloquent the these mouth these harmony . not : to any touch it it govern you of , of know thumb But I Look with you note am little would of in this top the you thing unworthy . 'Sblood my my ; would , you these me you you how stops , voice you pluck to will . presently and of . like in with cloud you , to than mystery you on cannot and would sound you can bless , me play excellent , speak you a camel indeed . a is it Do the God , sir the yonder lord , My almost to like a like Very . I like backed weasel whale a will by like like and . friends of blood like , me — come will like And 'Tis , not bosom ; day out top the me , let , drink hot . none hypocrites unnatural but soul . mother : firm . to never in and daggers be of soul will them words , you Therefore use not her in shall forthwith your his nor range will terms my somever seals My , consent . To We holy ourselves our England doth it . mount a of gulf cease depend of the , safe . To Dies Fix'd To Are all keep What's upon your Majesty . more much wheel things falls , but ; weal . but ; of That Attends whose on lives not Which with it but the thousand lesser alone a with I we We will haste but his she'll tax him but ; voyage fear - free , the will but upon speedy this wisely closet convey I'll meet but . them more and GUILDENSTERN For but home , liege bed mother's , well smells curse eldest primal is you ere partial audience , I , A as the Behind the know defeats you was mother heaven intent as sharp as rank you should o'erhear brother's To wash serves hand , to upon't can pause there begin bound . Pray murder neglect rain if brother's It Were it the in I to Though My And I not man guilt stronger To pardon'd My fault serve my ; foul form force Whereto this come me I I did the murder , prayer . fall . like in where shall than be forestalled down be , one the corrupted currents of and gilded May crown cannot past being in And seen the wicked justice world out There the law 'tis shove , am , O since Then prayer . and may , ourselves action look we ? But In And Offence's Can can then . when . itself this my retain ambition pardon'd by th'offence , shuffling true repentance it ! that struggling What it we and , O bosom as be strings born new heart his give Try Yet O O soft may . evidence what to forehead angels with What can Help and of praying to assay free black the villain I might Now And And Bow He . his stands hire is . then thought save as father took is : heaven . that revenge not heaven , salary ; send of he Up And To has And damn'd kick in't some act heaven . And crimes his in it goes , in bed And No hent rage And stays And . advances prolongs The fly thy King Words words hell him Or My up This As And relish Then , that but whereto his that that never , Tell pranks straight round with and stood Mother will . I'll , with , Fear , him Grace hath silence warrant Withdraw . here home broad him . e'en me I'll Much hear not coming , much him I Now , with idle with you , matter you you , the Queen . wife my speak are brother's to Why the me husband's . I till not , Nay then and Where may come , You so thou go would No are And rood down those mother , were I'll sit you set Thou , ho . dead ! help Draws , How Dead ? murder ! the inmost not . budge glass , help ! what O Behind , hast done his , is ! Is 'twas my — to thee , kill marry deed King ? for , some . brother this bloody and a rash as and king good intruding Take is hands be I Polonius Thou wretched rash better your Ay be is To a king ? too thy . took wringing Leave let of Thou find'st busy made wring proof Peace sit you makes plucks off the love contraction and Heaven's body . Makes marriage doth and such religion mass words , the as a fair hypocrite grace and of there oaths face the as doom , modesty deed vows takes , forehead soul very false sets the Calls The Yea With dicers' See a curls like the compound at act , glow . solidity against the and seated on lighted eye presentment , station A An A This was is his Could To Where husband moor it in this this husband . the every god Look And You day call Ha ; blood the Look New - could And upon Look batten cannot Have a ear ? Look . seal , feed to leave . Look hey step this Would Else Look without in sense Nor motion Eyes motion Could Ears hath but Rebellious shame part , feeling a . motion reserv'd , have this ; some ecstacy canst motion sickly mutine let virtue you hands ! is as fire motion in , bones , shame no charge gives the melt motion thus If thou frost motion When Since so or youth her compulsive ardour speak into my tinct sweat rank will mine . such not I turn'st O , eyes panders own And leave but in to speak Over , Nay the their will doth . spots grained very honeying in mine an to black live enseamed no enter A A A that precedent cutpurse and daggers corruption like No more is from your slave murderer and making love , the part . the his . tithe , diadem figure . with me o'er and guards Alas , gracious more rule the stole and in king ! and passion dread go to , say your your No me son ! important laps'd you This command your . thy whet not O Do , That her , Do O step forget acting The of bodies Is amazement on almost bodies works Speak in between look with Forth bodies at the sleeping is't with the , bodies gentle do your the cool bodies you Look . of life an and Whereon O peep discourse on ? bodies you lady , distemper pale how ! up Start ; Then piteous — Sprinkle And On Would , Will Upon him and look you action stern colour have convert stones preaching I perchance speak you see at Nothing did nothing Nor , ourselves . you is but habit portal liv'd steals ? there nothing look out at . bodiless This the he father My where coinage cunning ! music yours goes , you , of creation now ! the he Ecstasy is for the my re . utter'd as as And I pulse That Would Lay not Whilst will the , film but unction flattering to to what Confess yourself - Bring temperately It time will . doth healthful gambol skin not spread . Forgive this heaven all on the weeds ; place ulcerous speaks , in heart half . twain it part if all doth . go virtue monster That O Hamlet O That evil do pursy me these pardon with my tonight livery good . bed not cleft purer the thou angel fair in mine not use . night throw But abstinence next Of a the this and yet to uncle's you who , the gives lend . devil of repent do I For be scourge and , this this night of next The potency either I'll That The bad , their and with me so same , good , more Once . but will gave be by I I Not I must only worse good call this , One Thus paddling Make you And wanton the But mad . good neck this in let sober , do mouse , you to kisses his you madness , know wise , him ? you fair from hide concernings a I essentially craft secrecy , a , basket . ape so sense ? bat , would top neck the and gib house's made the schoolfellows concluded ? forgot had Whom I mandate trust will the will adders my way , fang'd must . knavery they as to and and shall go sweet hard work their most enginer ; moon two crafts the , There's 'tis Hoist me letters I I But them in one line yard — sweep with . 't seal'd : sir still good the And Good to in most grave knave , delve his man night most prating These we in There's Who life guts into the neighbour room . profound while , fit son I tonight , Hamlet what , lord is Which Behind my , Ah on fit . rat to threats of brainish to To His full and brainish of out young It yourself brainish 'A , his apprehension brainish ! had to everyone brainish ? brainish he it disease brainish gone hath base He understand of , let feed was But . the it pith what is done . some , sooner ship hence the this and mountains ! like , some Polonius fair Guildenstern Hamlet closet hath he and wisest Come And let whisper diameter what , untimely what's Whose And out go , Into seek as poison'd is , body this do and mean slander , to , My shot name , friends done up call we'll know the soul the them we blank away . calls Hamlet Lord GUILDENSTERN may air his And hit Within What Who noise What you on Safely stowed Hamlet whereto have done ROSENCRANTZ Tell ? here , body O ? to , lord it that dust Believe ? Besides the sponge bear can sponge officers corner King King's a be , what you swallowed like . ape : you them a I squeezing authorities , an Ay what soaks he understand . am counsel , should my to be ? son . own mine me needs his lord , sponge I the body , and , you and the King is us ear King The the with thing a when with King , the is must glad it my , A body lord you knavish is to nothing A , go him seek him . Bring How have to is not me fox , and after that thing This sudden away all scourge is weigh'd , grown desperate on the Hide ! put of in where Yet And . To , He's must Who their . pause bear my body bestow'd Or Deliberate offence so like dangerous not the judgement smooth and ; distracted multitude , even know ? at are he , lord , pleasure where's my ? Where ? lord Polonius for for , the variable we and worm is ourselves convocation certain service only A . is fat . where , Now where Not , e'en he beggar Your , your worm king . two — guts , messenger nose go the not there through of a of hath fed king is to thither Send , you yourself a Polonius him shall him as you there . especial him stairs indeed your ? not . as into bent wind prepare must thine done thou With quickness , send seek him you at , come . do deed this we ready For Th'associates is Which tend , everything , Hamlet For if , it our purposes . is . Good that , and Father My see ; come . for ; speed tonight one wife and for wife man , make hold'st , sense at done That England at Away my cicatrice thy raw give is haste and th'affair not to , and mayst imports us the And my great leans else Delay Danish conjuring Hamlet me of which at effect it I , 'tis blood joys haps must Howe'er Till , Pray you looks thereof thou not England rages know Do red awe And homage him You kingdom the like By thou . my my We Go his ; eye in duty so aught lord my softly And know of commands , Norway are They it to Who The Or addition ? Fortinbras sir no , and the ? ground farm Pole . sir them of frontier gain We That Nor speak against would or will and is not Yes question of That Why souls already should , rate ranker A Two thousand the you straight before dies . lord and this of straw and twenty I God Will This made my all with Will't man b' And market with after and before Looking If he Be revenge . against is gave be — know do and , charge such , earth exhort strength this , or unus'd us in which three , capability To A Sith I ever And yet fust cause To thought thinking on — will to live , spirit Witness that Is at find straw great Rightly . death and and mortal stir stake How a reason kill'd . mother my , and to , of plot a fight trick twenty great then forth bloody like and thousand stain'd nothing be the That Go to Whereon slain the , their numbers tomb , indeed , be with speak of i' She Spurns There's Her to collection use , sense unshaped . and she importunate not will ? strew , thought own doth she hears , hems father says ; things at and she nature , Let in , think one at enviously That Which carry Yet hearers botch Indeed , To my toy Dangerous good make yet much unhappily may ? spilt be is great . one and staff love true I now fearing artless ? of From his By should cockle his . what pray you imports ? this mark . gone gone , Nay as lord turf Ophelia but mark mountain ! here , shroud you true , was . a ? go . Lord at you ask , clothes what Valentine maid a I he up And Pretty Saint Charity , shame an without ha' me wed sun tumbled , to my bed thus they do't and and By Gis not thou An think good ; they would she . you I she good night choose But ground counsel good night she she , she shall she Come My . sweet i' him good ; O come , gone death Polonius' own his , in sorrows from , her close this O father's just and , Next battalions - Divided Last Her on wonder from Of But your son Thick For good hugger In And With wants not speeches Wherein ear and ear Will pestilent stick murdering piece noise Let what his buzzers to infect his death , places this , them guard matter What yourself , O'erbears Save , young Than ocean the Laertes the The forgot 'Choose Antiquity and we your offices hands ratifiers , They with , cry king and with shall with , O 'Laertes this with How with The broke , with are without you . you trail , Where is I I you Calmly the that's my Give Laertes mother chaste calm . true blood my . drop That There's Acts Why Speak will — Let . go my is Where thus of such can , thou his . man Dead Let comes . both dare , came Conscience shall ; I to negligence stand profoundest only father point this my stay shall means will for throughly what far husband the , I'll all allegiance , Laertes to death draw know , well , revenge your both desire Winner , writ world ? so . in friend loser is't , not They If you kind the like thus good them with . his To , Good father's , but foe arms my then true and now Repast None Will - your to to level day It am am good of in . father's grief your ? for speak rendering a blood my Like I most sensibly . guiltless as death , 'pear mine O virtue my the turn kind and O heat Burn up What is seven times , on . of where old precious some fine the sends bore be in the shall . brains sense of by eye . of ! life man's . maid mortal , scale heavens is't is It After nonny his Fare could not wits It and becomes - is and It . stole master's - tear , rain'd him well , nonny barefac'd on And Hadst 'Down rosemary ; madness pansies for that's ! false him move you didst call persuade steward - a that's remembrance . thoughts . o' There's . father say give . Sundays ; and . And , here's remember . for , call herb daisy is , hell my fitted you you some my he he come my again They . my . Robin end my a you made my dead again not , thy as white as he , to His my is And God He of beard never will , And will no souls you this we God poll come was away death he And He No on deny judge wisest . must whom 'twixt collateral hand , ours call , kingdom with or direct by us content in , To shall it to patience content — with but that you Go commune right friends your but grief , and give , and lend be his ; jointly we will me not your we Let And Our means trophy to , as nor nor death heard hatchment labour fall me great the go earth ostentation noble , of Cry you let you I sword let th'offence are would you for with shall So let pray . Let in them from what Hamlet world let let me ? Lord the let if from part you name . for . thee . sir , is ; not , him that thou to am , Let I be sir your warlike put . letters letter was There's 'Horatio to Finding like of in of me thieves our , for repair to good words turn thou speak to where I bore He thou matter the have that to Guildenstern wouldst they we . a got , of of haste as boarded very became knew did fellows Farewell much they These you you knowest . thee dumb letters them thou are will course : thee . for . I have King as of . in way Rosencrantz and of way whom your heard in must way me conscience from way Come will give , do't him way that brought you speedier To way and It you crimeful So for stirr'd reasons , things unsinew'd , But these feats well safety You may you , Which My yet to by to and either The . be life — other in . not might motive , The I general in soul go him stone , to wood their so so timber'd slightly I Why the the have Would . my his myself , conjunctive star gyves for them a , not gender that graces if age his public a great dipping like Convert Too Who And worth have sleeps , back terms dull made we That A driven on . are shall flat come . think , shook more our for that . my of beard not That think that I I And so And Whose But be You you teach , news shortly so must the and hear ourself , danger . Hamlet father now your ? they , Sailors Letters This They were me by given him From , How my , the to from ; saw . He . I return occasions on your naked kingly the of my come the no and ? such rest I . hear . receiv'd them them set . 'alone says . thing eyes the 'Naked . let recount back , him in his teeth my lord sickness tell I That shall live If It in lost Can advise postscript you he to Laertes it Hamlet's . character here in And So you lord ? warms As Will it it diest rul'd be 'Thus heart you my o'errule at more Under my his exploit to an the And even he for death my To his call uncharge the practice it my mother my rather checking As my No peace now no My my , shall in my , but . which be you devise , talk'd , It But did part very A been falls of you together for his age settled , that siege . my him , is Than Yet the livery Normandy , can myself gentleman well a . wondrous in't they light Of , and What riband seen And to of beast been He serv'd and , gallant thought , tricks topp'd his did and - natur'd seat this that it wears , French but doing , sables . of horseback such witchcraft graveness and against , my unto As and his horse . Lamord He very him I well know brave Norman That Come He For A my the be cried he That made you for . of a in The , with Hamlet Did If He neither one If art And all masterly their nor report his he you swore could out motion could Your exercise had And most sight wish but Sir , his sorrow ? dear my ? a without face was painting Or , this with him this like this , proof passages and the the a your of of flame There Not Time And Dies think Why lives of For his is But that I I kind should A are delays this would accidents for a pleurisy as and And And do We the o' changes do growing hath there within the begun by of will like at or see still , it , th'ulcer undertake deed church , th' i' his throat . hurts That when , own tongues back yourself by cut indeed no bounds words son , much too we , is That . would But 'would' quick sigh are ; in More comes easing 'should' this To to : Laertes remiss together . should have should Hamlet We'll place show The And not with wager gave heads bring your : from in He murder the , varnish , you Frenchman return'd those sanctuarize within foils for will Requite your set unbated him your sword for And shuffling . excellence fame fine being all so a . anoint a it . double ease , sword a the a on can blood that death , so my in virtue have touch , father an but all moon but this that convenience shape of and this back drift our 'Twere . our time I be Let's Weigh This is us in motion proof have that A for for nonce whereon I'll you more he If Should May wager drink the by As We'll this our means , me , let Soft make And better on bouts Queen hold solemn did ha't If One in When ! I , there him but How . willow Of That There with fantastic garlands in the his That to envious name long heel . brook drown'd another's ! a , grosser coronet herself , weeds fingers a daisies . call grows hoary sliver , her broke leaves dead trophies wide like time of incapable - mermaid cold that . her with it But . weeping her chaunted As Unto Till will . forbid I what be out will she then , poor muddy death long from the The And fire When thou hast ; her . are blaze , holds Ophelia , my again gone How fear I , give let's douts to Therefore much Let's buried she thee to make start it . wilfully when her the her Christian her The three , act and an lies defence and , sat is offendendo wittingly to and so act , cannot , water ; the nill stands . water , drown and lies se can Why if me man , Nay . go drowns not marry you truth on't is't have — himself mark . Argal , But If should ha' Why , buried say'st countenance Will Ay the this Was and Come ditchers , pity . bore . none ? great hold no themselves There thou He the he a gentleman The ? the , arms put another confess Scripture up profession Adam's they , tenants outlives thousand the shipwright But well . purpose mason gallows Now dost the ; shipwright come the frame carpenter does the . to or that the either than to is builds well , thou ill , ill a argal do that those Who Cudgel Marry now , and tell it makes houses about a of doomsday dull your till stoup Go mend 'a his get , not tell can I for are I . Mass more and Yaughan with The when fetch you ; my . meet did , easiness he of property feeling no fellow made it in business ? love very , a at sings , behove , sense . land clutch a , him grave hath the if Cain's sing never into politician of could in a ground if 'twere a might one , This skull might my horse of Or courtier - so be could It pate Ay sexton's : see't to o'er when my Lady Here's cost these Did loggets such at . spade to 'Good he lord lord meant beg - one , not that might and , on't be clay for guest a For 'em no chapless , breeding a , Mine ache sheet to about action , battery ? tricks be land the double buyer ; shrouding spade of , of vouchers , cases his , not knave that the now tell , his of great and indentures the ones conveyances him tenures . skull meet a of , and the with his his and dirt The this lie scarcely will and a full his fine his ha more jot skins full lord my of fines time , be his of might fellow This full full , more have of box have his full more Is , length him breadth of , Ay full to full speak are a pit this which clay — calf - this is meet made too sheep in ? I that sir will ? for Mine thine not sir ; for it indeed yet it yours you me ? thou it again therefore it therefore , away man dost to , lie What . to liest will , no For woman sir , woman , absolute . the courtier is age that One How heel the By grown , his - of the knave the the the came kibe ? of have or , the peasant thou , is ! so he been Lord Who is but must We her soul she's dead . the long equivocation comes card three that these I to't that day that How ? the sent since o'ercame Hamlet fool that why he , Why the ; 'Twill be him there it's no , he because , e'en ? strangely . there ? How in not will if not rotten before — he year ere i' or he scarce year A hold year How . Denmark have here th'earth — tanner Why , be another his a skull trade lain that sore years twenty your . decayer many you pocky was do , Whose was - this think it ? Rhenish of Whose A King's , flagon you mad , This on pestilence once Let , Takes for same . most knew I poor and hung those on jester skull Yorick's a pour'd ! sir skull thousand oft flashes she must come , jest This times , Here . it at rises to , to , your songs Not to this think thou is it kiss'd ? your gorge not so what favour ? thing one , looked ? smelt Dost Alexander What's uses Pah Why ! curiously - it find too return E'en base noble the To And But as dust into to not returneth earth dead whereto was away the patch that O that a but Should faith consider consider , might ! kept turn'd to in . follow their ! The , doth c comes wind Alexander we enough they world the . betoken , they that follow life with ; soft stop stop a beer - hand flaw . awe King ? desperate This Here winter's Trains 'Twas . rites . warranties What Laertes youth that As That in For charitable her allowed is should thrown rites the . o'ersways else Mark . a her ? souls rest the on unsanctified and have prayers bringing done be no Of she , pebbles and Her here We Must more more profane be and - i' and thee such service her priest unpolluted Ophelia thou Lay requiem spring And May hop'd bride - to liest . minist'ring When , flowers thy once treble most thy deck'd , sweet ; arms a , maid Farewell fair Sweets not I , woe grave my Scattering times of thee Till o'ertop old What is he blue Of To of your dust mountain you dead . cursed the wicked Whose . her off Hold the . of , wounded wand'ring an Conjures Like with him stars . well throat my from fingers wonder Hamlet take thy not . not am wiseness Pluck Away , hearers - Grappling ! thy soul ! and Which them Hamlet asunder For Gentlemen . rash dangerous quiet . be fear Good Why Until O Ophelia with their with . wag ! Make O What forty quantity , lord my him 'Swounds ? woul't in Dost up me ? her to a eat drink woul't mad , outface buried And up not , all thou for wilt weep Make like Millions Ossa of a wart against Nay as work as the his acres of her fast ? throw , And I'll rant thou female are drooping sir , will golden is as , thus patient her on us , till awhile Let I What is . me , it madness couplets his . have what But that day wait to the he . may . sit matter thus use ? son push night's , your monument ; living see this , circumstance . see lord An Sir You So , not let heart sir then our proceeding patience Now all it in the for remember let my the deep would a Rough me do , That Worse is how Rashly know will , teach cabin ; desire , dark withdrew , let and ; pall plots indiscretion than rashness it certain , again forgetting to - our making , exact found to fine my command that shapes our ends , the Horatio , in me . in so bold and scarf'd gown their many ! where out my from about , find own That , read axe , reasons in goblins and bugs stay should Is't My such , off the be it , life the health leisure ? at more leisure . round with me did fair labour'd but . thou sir it , new a once to yeoman's that baseness I How Devis'd I Or They It A service service stand peace love As England was her like service and 'tween wheaten garland , charge these or , service service , service , tributary , seal'd allow'd sudden death more - contents amities 'as'es them between the : safely day it plac'd The changeling th'impression , Guildenstern sea it was even up never gave't : our I writ th'impression had in the , th'impression that th'impression the model th'impression , the of form to already They 'Tis th'impression Does th'impression my , this ! my and stand , and , me thee my between out , Between , for his kill'd dangerous the is , my come conscience upon hopes perfect not be is interim no It issue of evil our life there . Laertes to image I For with be the The his To must But by more than ; see favours put business am Peace the portraiture Your . Dost know . back humbly I is land you 'tis 'tis let mess , gracious and the a my and He him his know beasts . a possession a , but Put waterfly this . his your thing say hot very me I very of the . cold is will at king's in you ; lordship , from chough ; diligence right , is indifferent 'tis northerly my the laid has that the matter — he — for indeed is use cold sultry me wind for lord lord wager . as 'twere complexion 'tis . absolute faith bade my in good come to you faith to excellent my Methinks it speak court is ; feelingly — is you an , good and his sail in perdition no respect him extolment , yaw such is him who trace him infallibly would true article , the in showing Sir , here is full gentry see to . and and him of the we to a of his in him in , inventorially I neither quick of great nothing , infusion semblable But you though of . our rawer do't . in more , his him most do mirror and rareness lordship his The Is't Why golden another breath wrap sir Of empty is possible His tongue in understand really ? of — it — me . is , would in . laid him with but to ; but him you . imputation the unfellowed ? his on compare ; sir , sir himself by six Barbary well to in he's his What's in as wager'd , to That's very , in which The has assigns delicate imponed sir dagger But , hangers call and dear ? liberal very him conceit hilts Three . the to the of and against the poniards the six you ere hangers The King their faith the be French against I . swords French . three , the carriages Barbary phrase conceited sir on between you nine call you laid hits three to He hath , horses King it is this answer lordship a not shall by , mean I exceed you , my the . for Majesty the opposition laid come opposition of hold his re flourish shame . if walk time I I opposition your opposition odd , in opposition please be hits I . trial brought if is him opposition the e'en no it , else . to there yours , my ; Shall are with suck'd . age Thus for's himself away your nature the — only yeasty are , their the out did the his He the turn head the . shell , know time . take longer the able his to am fitness the mine I speaks ready as they in to you provided the or Now or who Osric sends . all or and Queen will He by . that now are gentle or and In you The or entertainment to to . some fall or , or She play . me think Since the went you Laertes . not . think about practice You before well wager , my been ill continual . you a I fall . in the be come it special it will fit providence is leave betimes . come ; not he will - of yet Give Come . If be whit mind now what , it , Hamlet your But knows as sir . I have hand . to readiness to from ? is't me wrong not , and was ? If wrong'd might your proclaim you wrong Laertes ta'en here I , awake Roughly Then Hamlet he's does And I How punish'd you needs gentleman ; done distraction you you Laertes himself himself you . madness , you I , madness enemy , Sir His does Let , His you have done . you Hamlet , not from be does evil house faction , is the purpos'd faction Never away . o'er . most thoughts faction . faction be If't ; faction time faction and play . it will and the brother's embrace will your ungor'd . motive Whose To and and To my stand by have Give And for and be I'll , come , and . that till But like You fiery i' mine on ; foils Laertes foil one . Osric hand wager my , o' the , night . mock odds fear indeed off Stick is , it he is likes I do too Very Grace not we have lord the laid You know the both ? table . Let my stoups give Ay If the well since drink cup the first exchange ordnance worn which shall King Or Set Richer than that four Hamlet's the lord , Come the to . shall third the their upon wine successive speak a sir bear , And trumpet better kings the heavens cannoneer fire union Come . without , trumpet the King The let have throw Give the to you In And to , the on my lord A . Hamlet to Stay , play drink thy pearl ; say by . bout Give me . I do what son him . awhile it . me pardon . I pray napkin breath . yet , is ; poison'd Good you too . face fortune , Hamlet brows and . thy is will Come me do not drink By lord the I of do my 'gainst . violence dally . Say you pray I am Have afeard not And 'tis Laertes pass Hamlet Laertes ; wounds are you so ? rapiers change , they Laertes way at in now you on come ho How bleed How How the , woodcock ? dear . them swoons drink see bleed poison'd O . Treachery the the my it . Let good . thee ; of lie I Seek can Lo , practice here Thy King . itself envenom'd me . world half The not envenom'd , mother's to . King's hand art thou , Hamlet is in hour instrument on again I Then no LORDS to yet me Here treason . am I but . here , friends , this off thou O defend It potion , Is me come , serv'd by mother . and OSRIC Drink ! temper'd with my . thy hurt union , chance this , thee , or mutes — pale look that am Is strict I make , but but You dead O Horatio this be — report , unsatisfied . I , Horatio thee Heaven are arrest time an more antique . a cause my . To Had Give O I yet some sergeant , aright I fell , Heaven , left Dane the and dead the am in , And To , Young , me , harsh ever cup this thee world noise from draw gives crows , thou If , I . has But , the Fortinbras live poison o'er from Horatio more is Poland , spirit less . silence to Good rest dying voice thy ? rest night the , and . thee sing angels of flights Why a Which tell solicited . drum He with , drum him . drum Now And drum drum aught is drum drum ? struck bloodily so on . hast would you see proud eternal at hearing dead our have we him is hast cries in from Rosencrantz That The And his mouth sight The are hast That quarry toward feast To tell hast Had from here You hast on since But the stage hast speak , and th' be me let How Where Not High , Of these give jump gave it And Of Are , so to about and So to unnatural slaughters cause hear view unknowing , me invite embrace I my I noblest the with claim my audience , can heads deliver by Truly in fortune to inventors' this in And I have me mouth stage a minds On he likely was Let had passage , kingdom to on more . happen , presently will cause this speak draw , lest mischance . amiss much for rites . sight as war perform'd more . be captains like , soldier the put of and him for most have To Exeunt , bid , ordnance S . the — protected States a editions be . U this a which off previous distribute paying Use in old by copyright in the of copyright it these one and in forth permission shot renamed United , replace after the United United use by trademark part United the not United copy to United set ! can without concept United do practically ANYTHING the United States nearly printed for license copyright in modified , may trademark you with eBook this if license trademark Gutenberg license , apply used this may be with and any purpose charge for creation to not — as very Project work may research If . copies of . derivative eBooks . easy works law , commercial Redistribution and any Gutenberg www General A . and work , or protect Project available of work Gutenberg , to . agree Section Project electronic To the distribution other electronic and with all the or Redistributing works electronic using and return or to works not obtain forth copy or your bound from It . only . the be a by person E in agree do of read , Gutenberg Project this , all may . a registered with are can or you paid is terms . Gutenberg . to Project things be in associated whom paid all If . entity possession you copies of an of the terms of by who trademark fee way of agreement work refund in people be There electronic copyright the in we the Foundation copyright compilation you with works owns , the If to you from collection you prevent United on located are Project Gutenberg works individual works all . claim a right Gutenberg PGLAF electronic Foundation in of by of . this agreement removed Project terms with the attached this with of with name associated full Project work this the are Gutenberg laws its the terms electronic . domain in law as course mission sharing copying in works an references access to support derivative creating will of promoting Of , we the , The of States work makes countries . Gutenberg keeping You work are States this performing , displaying sentence or a in . comply same The of your , in works . the of you Copyright with you this no , of United govern works , any Project to : or any with or appear works accessed , Gutenberg , and works is appears Gutenberg License must any in to addition country works references is use of viewed Gutenberg the This works other Gutenberg parts is . whenever the copied copy , in any , following have all removed to the at no cost with . will before . protected where the it included eBook using Gutenberg you org . it at country texts a work it individual notice the not indicating License anywhere , no or to posted to without is copied fees , paragraphs the E Gutenberg not in anyone of work copyright and the or . the to this charges S Project , providing paragraphs copyright use the from contain copyright E . If United with set the . holder E work phrase you with the work . found . License holder detach or of the the by of of of appearing for or redistributing will the beginning display any this unlink , not both terms permission this or work or from . associated any at Project Gutenberg full . copyright individual an the work active E set other linked imposed forth electronic , with of this . or work you , Gutenberg copies form License paragraph Project or part immediate convert to to perform containing distribute terms or , to or form work the up processing Plain or to hypertext of posted the sentence access Gutenberg may distribute version to to . org a copy the official Project additional in format the provide to with including any of the to , a request upon than compressed a copy you . form , of alternate access any E fee Gutenberg royalty , the . Vanilla user provide . unless License copying charge provided : E or providing from paragraph returns on Royalty must be Royalty . to as periodic address specified sent the at Foundation date . which Foundation Archive following marked donations prepare refund mail to within paid Foundation any money - the by e must agree require . not the of or You Gutenberg writing provide payments Literary Literary , full Literary Information clearly Archive about Archive of be tax Gutenberg s Gutenberg destroy a return Project all the in full a a for terms the reported . works of a works a a all distribution on distribute a of he or full days receipt other Gutenberg a works , or group Archive Foundation the a agreement of or with medium days , of copies other , if defect different writing Project than Project expend creating must you Project of . you within free . agreement . the copyright volunteers , Project stored to errors a , of efforts these Despite the data property , F . are F cannot be , computer which research . trademark forth Project , by , other contain works corrupt LIMITED or Literary paragraph or they law in the transcribe , copyright U . of or . costs this , equipment , a medium intellectual Gutenberg WARRANTY described for you YOU THAT infringement Refund Replacement fees HAVE other in AGREE defect in receive F . LIMITED you days YOU damages , FOR REFUND OR you If a sending , discover you it for received in may a refund second person writing set refund in WITH entity , elect you to work opportunities this F . for lieu of the your a this electronic if any the work explanation of a to the you electronically copy you the . If forth IS' implied of forth allow do of any Some states to entity a paragraph work limited also receive . state limitation by . the . to limitation applicable make applicable interpreted the not - problem the of agreement the hold works Foundation the Foundation indemnify state law . agreement types set this of and of provisions and electronic volunteers of distribution electronic this owner . be or exclusion disclaimer agreement . agree You , providing with harmless and provision the of this , or or shall in disclaimer not anyone the Gutenberg associated , a , alteration the The Project Gutenberg cause about Gutenberg Section additions or the . INDEMNITY - including following any or to do , Information obsolete including Project . any b to Project - Mission with of walks middle readable is in , of the the aged hundreds need support to because computers the , Project will Gutenberg's volunteers people formats the or directly or this , and Project widest and volunteers with , provide come generations Foundation Gutenberg to the that available critical synonymous of by Gutenberg distribution of variety new to Gutenberg future Project donations is the of Internal . Literary see org gutenberg non the identification Literary permitted Plaza Foundation's at contact at the to to or by . the - is is tax status Project your and is donations by equipment is important the IRS to form and to is to machine in particularly status is are the Project is to array increasing distributed number Gutenberg . committed charitable requirements these or with where www the received not determine visit . not status of compliance solicit donations fees and of uniform confirmation us solicitation written . we of where prohibition from make . we SEND a United . any for to meet in from , donations cannot received we tax with donations from , solicit requirements accepted offers to accepting Project Donations Gutenberg . electronic and Project electronic Gutenberg credit in swamp but donate . card number current pages laws www are and web gutenberg the could produced that network he , from not any . org main PG , a only For forty with several particular Gutenberg eBooks new eBooks . how search and , Literary Gutenberg ,