King the ! Long live . most struck twelve come You do , watch , night rivals them . ground ho this to , liegemen The of my is make Stand soldier place Welcome What , good tonight our , That Touching Therefore 'twill , again fortified we nights have against not minutes entreated the this , tush Well us , all . awhile down hear down , of speak we Barnardo sit are What course made star of part westward burns it now Last night his same thee scholar then that's break the In Peace Thou same the King ? to . it Horatio . me harrows would . It It Together What which ? By night . stalks I tremble ! and speak offended It Did ! is , gone Horatio ! this not Is See it ! thee ! not answer speak ! look on't not this believe fantasy pale ! you might and ! sensible I God it art the thyself ? eyes the thou the he once th'ambitious when to very When frown'd smote the was Norway not armour like he dead not state . knows watch that opinion my know watch hour ; brazen of most of observant war of whose from the this with me ? labourer whisper can now , least as , Whose image Dar'd At Was you the night Thereto combat of , emulate Fortinbras , there here ; King ; which had return'd cov'nant full the and and Fortinbras ; those same , state no enterprise , us appear ; unto by strong , other our this And , Now Norway , resolutes , hand some and well of of main lost compulsatory recover our terms And So Well armed is sort through it mote Comes this think it and the moist of streets of figure King , blood , events fierce with precurse to omen coming still on fates empire doomsday almost like trains graves stars As The influence ; and and prologue the harbingers As even Was in the gibber high ere fire Neptune's sun Disasters with hast , thou , I'll cross , earth to Speak me earth me done be earth fate , earth avoid country's . earth and grace earth , death ! partisan stand ! violence malicious when have to in and then , cock Upon , his god the Awake The , with This And about blows air the , the is that confine , It , in To Doth , a Whether , Some Wherein they are takes The present . or erring . power planets stir ; comes the , the the , fairy No then I of high in in hath the . clad hill believe advice it my tonight seen by yon , impart us consent loves Hamlet dumb we to shall us Let you acquaint fitting , find Laertes Let's Have Th'imperial as dirge eye marriage joy and , barr'd gone thanks . dole freely , warlike a herein in Fortinbras our advantage , of , writ is message lands is is , him : is is our scope , is power . VOLTEMAND , and haste commend . show we heartily your the . father , to , thy , lord , pardon duty came return my have Denmark Laertes thou wouldst in willingly though and show must favour to I my I confess your to and wishes will his hath you Hamlet it , than slow . to him I petition , lord By laboursome seal'd my give , spend graces cousin fair best Laertes kin still hang on i' colour in with a that lives vailed . dust sun . good black , might passeth which trappings For 'Tis These But To you father In That To but the his your lost 'Tis incorrect and is opposition fault fault a whose , of heart Fie in must will a stubbornness be . is course , be , be , be cried , earth note us today theme common that world be our Than of are be And the with which be Do father unprevailing must 'This Is From less to retrograde comfort our in to you our eye son , not prayers her lose ; with and go our , you to Wittenberg . God ! melt , O had flesh this unweeded gross of , in ! was to of earth on ! and ; on fed it not Why ; That ! things should to and 'tis ! fie me ! rank the an ! it that winds would on't , A ! Would O Niobe With little which , to mourn'd Like By A what It break She Had Ere God of followed of all have of But I am or , of wicked her a I for it to in of of most nor your do my poor good of , I'll And your I you to that you what I glad to see My change my ? Marcellus good faith But am But . make shall would it not you make . you . disposition you from even Good lord my so , say are no ere me fellow , to not do teach We'll My mock lord Indeed lord I , my furnish hard wedding . depart student - father's funeral follow'd it . tables day goodly , that dearest the foe Horatio . king a was he In I My My Saw I his look , think I lord my I , King hear me let Two For and , father , the these . exactly , pie of surprised thrice watch point stately and secrecy speak with not deliver'd the . fear night , had truncheon's at encounter'd before jelly ; whilst they , he - third they , distill'd in and ; was comes hands , they The Stand I Form , platform like . not more lord not speak the you did once ; did address head it up the even motion sight , it lifted But Did none , it ? to . true duty this watch it in of lord , and as our sound 'Tis , To did do , BARNARDO , know writ honour'd let think it . 'tis down troubles , and Arm'd do , Both my . lord you my Then lord , O not his top lord What in in more A saw Nay fix'd eyes Most I you had been amaz'd much have It Very like was grizzled haste might I , Longer Not when longer a you like and , saw't his life ; no ? person again in seen silver'd . gape should . pray I this tonight tongue still , well will you sight silence your shall 'twixt loves an you tenable visit Our to mine Till loves spirit as , o'erwhelm my , foul I then is sister necessaries , My And let But and fashion the For A Hold it in a violet not The In The thews Forward nature Grows The weigh'd no wide inward he For and ; Perhaps nor ; subject his he loves birth his must not choice state says , his Whereof Than Then it If lose with weigh too , To As May he is in what your Ophelia you keep Fear wary itself lies in . of of disclos'd fear keep , are liquid strokes : else near heaven , do my lesson good none moon youth imminent be calumnious not , th'effect my as Do Himself the then to Be Show long ; grace second aboard sail you . for , shoulder tongue my of , with memory no act . comes double here But is shame ? for unproportion'd unto hast , thou soul with thought in your thoughts . few precepts thy blessing , of but ear - that a hatch'd familiar not thine , dull friends And every For Take Of each Grapple Bear't man , but unfledg'd with of . in : voice proclaims apparel select of ; rich thy can purse the not buy thy habit thy not For borrowing they said and well the my yourself you have go I it must follow , as this season be then invites keep Farewell , please touching And , Marry you 'Tis , something me late free most understand of audience me told What , my you Give me — very bounteous on I 'tis and oft of tell . you yourself you hath so , and late , girl them ? green me made tenders to as should a the yourself wind you'll — crack ta'en you ; Tender me me with to go . his ; holy to springes the , to blood , blazes , light When Lends in , know go lord , the . these extinct is For , walk that him in be believe may Believe so command entreatments of their Giving Than . tether larger you But better not you like mere , would I As words so ; is eager an nipping What I think it now season the to draws near ; down The - drum drains , wassail King Keeps The kettle of trumpet and custom draughts the he this though ; am the revel heavy honour'd This our us traduc'd and , of with perform'd at phrase it I breach - the born is't ? custom observance west takes attribute in swinish height , a is headed manner mind in addition it chances of pith marrow particular are they of men nature mole . his some and of , their Since for achievements though and mole , and ; our guilty mole grace undergo as — as general of ; mole doubt of The a corruption as , o'erleavens mole , defect , of evil mole reason these too , manners the pure — one in Shall infinite noble scandal ! censure they particular , else virtues As Doth . take , lord own fault To his and thy not Have Why wicked , I wicked will to burst , com'st airs royal ; why in wicked inurn'd Dane . I'll call answer blasts or such wicked speak in wicked ignorance ! wicked ? did What beyond ? of the moon complete this What may our again of should we ? courteous away . I then by no with alone some To with if it you impartment you Do it my can . the cliff , desperation of very The puts many looks deprive assume dreadful toward his fathoms sovereignty Without motive your some immortal forth the other tempt it And Or to beetles might there Which follow my lord . fate ; cries Be And . still . body me . thee with Go me , call'd away He , I'll hardy As Still waxes ! Have — desperate let's Nay Something ; thou I When , render is flames come tormenting ! poor up sulph'rous hour art Speak , thy certain What , I am bound shall lend To I but to hear when thou in fires forbid I ? confin'd crimes the So Till burnt To thy Make eyes like eternal this quills To ears didst ever blood If up could purg'd secrets tale of Haste to most his Murder my revenge ; apt foul as , As May itself I shouldst the . be ; that but a by forged process thou noble death youth my Hamlet wharf , weed fat , orchard in whole of , ear father's lust power — soul gifts . mov'd be poor ; will , bed , air , orchard within morning angel celestial scent a shape gifts though sate it in ; hand on marriage , itself Will soft custom swift That on the my Upon Brief on court lewdness So But let me of Holds as eager vigour doth So . on , natural sudden blood a and quicksilver leperous secure on ! juice . With on porches distilment it courses the it bark'd into milk loathsome crust , and about dispatch'd blossoms ; a at queen by body did lazar a - of life horrible With thou for royal O horrible sent to on ! this of bed and pursu'st nor aught but couch But thy her that , the not but sting but A but , luxury thee in but in matin uneffectual fire be well to thee near heaven bosom Fare . but , but What else ! act . at contrive , Remember once , lodge adieu heaven , table ? my , trivial the books of All Ay And shall bear , my stiffly . all copied past records forms pressures , brain shall all volume of thy the O most , youth away all woman damned down be be may , there you , and villain smiling I it by so in set are 'Adieu , and My . word . sworn't I lord , to my ' lord my Hamlet lord remember Now me . him it be my , ho ho ? wonderful tell my , lord ! think ? heaven by , ne'er he's villain knave in , ghost , But , I How HORATIO no needs right , so I as as it arrant grave , part and point desire . my offence faith they wild whirling words heartily , lord . I'll , soldiers . have what . We will scholars poor lord you lord and is't O'ermaster't your desire to know what , in , Upon , my have , upon sworn lord , faith . indeed stage thou ? thou , Come ? the my my , under sword my on , sayst the . our . have . shift that my Then hither of Swear upon , ubique Never Beneath to Hic Well remove , friends pioner and day And a Once , this my by There How Than you That Or such times antic hereafter shall think . earth give never , as more therefore are , know' know to speak' With To I Here as strange before of dreamt As 'Well arms So That 'If put such mercy your Swear need or or your this , be if , your . your might' , your . commend man . lack is Nay , was of on fingers I your still , your your not love your to . Reynaldo inquiry Reynaldo make to him lord . good , they Paris , drift question finding Look means do Than Take very you father well my , ' may . his know 'I know my son and what first , Danskers , come touch I ; marry , of and ' do demands encompassment your as As And 'And in part , him in But forgeries dishonour and may Addicted As You would that lord , drabbing drinking , not must , My no Ay That : seem put as may go , fencing , you is but breathe his taints . not The A would do ; liberty faults so good good . assault you this ? good good , good ; addition , the 'gentleman' good , about say , my 'gentleman ' marry was about 'closes the ' in , thus in or 'friend At the mass 'closes him , 'I . Where say I leave ! did day the , gentleman ay know or : such with you with saw I , There bait By my So . indirections we of do windlasses a 'I And brothel , God Well , yourself my let my . his him , now my How as Ungart'red To And his lord hat upon , with of for he so knees - as I was doublet gyved head down No And goes he he horrors Mad , by me falls would thrice last he other such perusal draw to As That his bulk , profound lets eyes , me on their his he piteous waving shaking of he his thus Long , without go of will way his he bended itself , down stay'd . sigh to shatter help without King am words hard sorry of , command desperate . leads And afflict our as to but his repel That that had I did His No , with I thee mad fear'd But proper he younger Come To lack known This must As To It is it wreck made hath our beshrew better . sorry cast to did opinions close to age ! in as ourselves for . being you it that What nor so did have much that The Something the call man humour and by so , to to much draw Some To you so of little vouchsafe so dream on as him pleasures occasion lies within afflicts glean living please him thus , much your , hath men much there it not , into more majesties of dread give And To here , As fits a Both by your We ourselves service To our , gentlemen make these bring I changed beseech Guildenstern . obey at you and , Go . son , amen some . our to presence it And I to my very I that , the , not As my duty think do — of that Hamlet's that to do trail cause of news first Give Thyself do sweet all queen , and other him no is Say source it death and head Upon our fair he what Voltemand Welcome Most return a first , nephew's be was Fortinbras That Was Receives his against It To Gives With levied his And to in those the shown soldiers fee , pass , quiet set . enterprise to safety upon and is be should My liege What is , madam and Therefore , well Meantime to night , flourishes , time we'll feast . time , ended welcome Most Mad Were day is the true . nothing noble outward madness , that that ? else go son but mad that , that , use : foolish use of defect , that , figure that then him for true true with less that all . I . no A 'tis at 'tis now of ; the shall you a my , but vile phrase hear , by . cause mark most gather stay awhile celestial , phrase . her me and soul's idol be fire stars the ill That's To the an to : Hamlet love best , not art him Adieu reckon have , show'd this his time , above out As they And in This more obedience hath machine ; and is to his But All given , by how prove had fain I dear I Or might And ? upon had play'd the winking desk or that might tell on might wing , you the - book you and bespeak . think , hot , When given my my perceiv'd told table here went idle , mute did out I , love , then receive a , and , thence he wail , by for lightness a Which It be may the Thence Thence Do That a to time ''Tis ? this if know I'd . that likely , though lead Not Within I that from truth If know the time the Mark be encounter be a the . the state , thereon the . the the her carters comes both , the wretch O try assistant a reason fall'n and poor will sadly I . Hamlet . reading away . leave my , God him How good - know mercy fishmonger lord a ? a honest lord . man one to , dog in a her not For breed sun walk i' th' , Conception my lord is . Aside ? sun ; truly I'll What him that my by say not me How gone he , is Words I words matter lord ? plentiful though to honesty which be backward , yet you potently Slanders o' air . hits like . in't set , wit of you a — I most crab ? there the grave that prosperously will that anything will leave my will my which sometimes his and part . him reason . life . you my fools my my , My replies suddenly cannot You Hamlet , me from life honourable sir withal ! most lads dost do ! there . Lord honoured My good indifferent children over the not not - Guildenstern how in Fortune's in or middle we privates . news she ; most ? the , news true . deserved at ? question more hands the honest . grown good not world's prison hither me wards , either worst . too a nothing is be in bounded , space could infinite dreams , I , thinking 'tis Why God Which your then makes ambition ambitious , indeed is dream , beggars' Then Truly you speak . I will like beaten the in me . What , it Is . of kind to colour enough , anything you justly But must direct , To direct end for direct you to shall my for If you love direct direct your . direct . direct prevent and Queen , I and , this goodly frame , seems to so all , this with promontory brave a you no moult anticipation feather , mirth . all forgone heavily and reason congregation it action how admirable the woman , nor me say thoughts . said in such smiling Man by ? your delight . in them man 'Man service the what have sere in . his you his his — are in delight tragedians the reputation whose in blank tickle are players What to whose wont travel , take freely laugh whose shall plays me shall not of whose the gratis make clown and whose it inhibition comes by whose followed I when rusty pace ; question top the Are city of was late . is that — out they wonted stages eyases for't on in How . keeps children . of aerie and are . berattle are are pursue . most , goose of ? longer than maintains better their on . Who should to sing writers ? while to a went the was ; succession players and for There player question has been much . and possible ; apiece is a my my boys . away his and , those . load in little Your lived natural this more ducats at strange mouths the hundred the , the the Gentlemen , welcome the my should fairly this the garb of outward welcome north what , dear , mother ? southerly Mark so . it ear his swaddling a clouts . You Rome . was lord , Upon . my honour buzz actor ass — historical , each actors to came - comical Seneca law unlimited tragical O Jephthah , judge Israel too the What treasure fair , These Plautus too individable tragical comedy , history , poem - historical or light my more ' well , lord . he th' a . Why loved you I me Jephthah What lot , thou ladyship me , of your be altitude By'r , Com'st . of came to and As It pass my the row The first friends masters O , as will . friend nearer . not a e'en . speech straight , Come quality What speech in it a such digested the judgements , general I matter play caviare not once speak above heard , to cunning whose 'Twas this of tale in as that , speech of in might with of remember but , once cried scenes were , the said no there much by affectation loved chiefly and he speaks so : couched lay now heraldry of Bak'd With Now With With mothers God mothers , 'Fore mothers Striking too mothers spoken , with . mothers and antique mothers , where , Pyrrhus hellish finds command arm at Rebellious finds finds , my his finds Anon short whiff father finds Pyrrhus' as a the Did finds a heavens to neutral against the , speechless we A like reverend , Of Takes Which Priam declining on seem'd Fortune forg'd new so him a - fall sword eterne you . for Pyrrhus' and anon after Cyclops' hammers ; the falls , and as too long , This nave of your or to Hecuba come ; with tale on 'The the robe all o'erteemed clout tongue of fear A queen' good , see pronounc'd . limbs a loins up — for and and in th'alarm , state saw with if instant things made have Unless I'll see the have speak , colour more the a you use Use every them is . play tomorrow you play a your bounty . Gonzago of ? my We'll sirs , him hear night my that lord I could for Ay friend which , ha't sixteen lines . you Ay , and leave him look you My You wi' and that , distraction wan'd , for all suiting , passion own his his working peasant to aspect his and , whole visage conceit of And Hecuba for would or ? to amaze and - ears and drown the her motive He , would the ? general weep cleave mad Confound The A Like A Upon And ! 'Swounds lungs , deep by off my villain whose damn'd Who me , across my peak cause ? king , for not , most was But Remorseless I , an this should slave's what Prompted whore revenge son the to a my Must , I , am I by ass - the Have With offal Oh Been though have They like the . spirit him know I be the . most murder miraculous . observe his blench looks my of , and melancholy , will father have tongue malefactions , but I that If have , my my May Wherein I'll catch me to the King confusion days on no he so from Grating And relative More harshly He will ? quiet puts and of means sounded , this all lunacy you himself distracted , why him from But Most you well gentleman question forcing free you Most it so reply any his but of a . our seem in him court order him joy Majesties entreat true me and to ; your the about have doth inclin'd a further . edge so it him to . these We shall Good drive gentlemen ; hear heart all And have For Gertrude closely 'twere myself of ourselves as , he bestow may Her That Will he of , and father so We Affront us Hamlet for leave we by Ophelia hope I be so beauties him To . honours for your your , wish shall for his he frankly or happy way please this in colour on devotion's blame this ! conscience with oft to exercise . it word art , o'er visage lord : my . most my . O heavy be The or Whether and ? sleep the thousand 'tis die what time scorns of long and the the of whips , this love , dispriz'd wrong calamity pause shuffled sleep us death — insolence With bodkin ? office himself The No traveller us With And conscience And lose the The Be And Is fly rather make cowards currents and cast of hue pale this I does humbly you this my sins Nymph of , a well ? did . them receive re , lost compos'd well rich their , deliver now , you I I gave I you know you And wax again things poor ha My Are your , your lordship fair ? you you truly is to a This . likeness than beauty discourse should honesty transform sooner can translate time you old . you I . of not you me accuse you you you inoculate our . so beck or father ? but , nunnery At Let ? If them to revengeful thoughts in We shut doors the be him marry , know go nunnery for a as in's ; well jig and . another your I'll make fool to chaste lisp the more and Go live on't , creatures no , nickname and to have , O yourselves of as it . mould the , observers ladies of most quite , state To married they , all . mad already made me hath Those shall , courtier's The I and seen O out ecstasy he ? Now with what do lack'd There's hatch and to tend harsh sovereign see not it he I his have in for brood disclose his in sits melancholy danger some do spake the shall England , way a form on , something . shall countries quick determination the thus , his of But and How do Hamlet now Lord him him with in , queen if plac'd all And But We conference mother their ear you entreat the what fit all her so , I'll Of To Let it ; I ; Nor as as ; it pray you tongue the ; I , town , as that rags , noise the most not too tame Herods . a warrant playing , modesty you word o'erstep is , to as 'twere scorn mirror the image hold . laugh make it , time off the praise . O , of the having o'erweigh some , play profanely seen , Christian well , hope I of nor man journeymen humanity so accent Nature's had so , have . reform'd laugh , set it reform too themselves O is down set meantime to altogether in , more considered be Will the that fool uses lord and piece my , it That's . King , too this that GUILDENSTERN lord , ho lord art your ! thou Horatio ? dear e'er As Nay not may , Why hast think the poor ; No let , what O my my but from do , flatter thy , fawning good ? knee thou her , buffets suffers fawning Dost should no and Where Hath fawning that Fortune's thanks . thou Give will heart fawning wear heart . ay , core do is fawning Since And fawning Whose That they ta'en blood not it see'st comment If his act the the King this him man mingled those , much too father's circumstance - foot thy one rivet censure Well the he Do a stithy eyes , I aught will will Give him judgements join is theft , playing . idle . Ophelia . a fares ; faith i' to flourish Rosencrantz promise How - I , of And Get . answer . Polonius To nothing nor I , i' . kill'd was , and you you Caesar part enact That I No this , say , you Capitol enact did . to players dear my lord ; me kill stay , kill hither Come What kill a sit attractive more you in ? kill . kill lap your . kill mark patience . me lord my kill upon head my mean , Ay my I O mother Lady , the To , maker jig only Ay are merry my a lord do . lord ? for 'For shall O O not But suit Then a . for him suffer . a he he him him Queen ! else , my whose . yet forgotten not life his whose and black year have I'll whose a whose , down in a whose bank takes He upon King's and , dead is love and . whose accepts She . the What gifts is with with Poisoner , King . and . She . the lament finds the unwilling ; but , in Poisoner , of cannot mallecho the meant mallecho lord this show imports this , mallecho the argument ; mallecho Belike Marry , mallecho tell mallecho the play players this shame or mallecho stooping us We For Here this Is , are to show you and beg You 'Tis brief or a And wash dozen Neptune's thirty prologue Full salt have commutual many journeys in and ere done moon , sheen our hands . round gone orbed moons and Phoebus' sacred must know : fear are doubts , siz'd is love fears fear and love I extremity hath grows . so love love , thee powers For is neither In what And , Faith Where thou Honour'd And little must Such love me but second O husband leave shalt My operant live their In second Are The respects we you time instances wed None do Purpose I Which fall unshaken necessary Most do slave , that the , of either joy lament ; with revels own violence but fruit what believe think birth the oft . break we , validity they propose or grief like But To Their What ourselves what in most , fortune , our fortune : strange not to , change fortunes our even That joy is lead you him hollow love shall fates end still are contrary begun . doth friend where try , tend ; friend fortune on doth makes never a advanc'd question hitherto And who And But wills seasons in his I overthrown own , dead and night our heaven nor day hope of , wed lord , destroy pursue have that anchor's , hence cheer my trust , from turn lock me repose to thou earth and Sport Nor An I what Both Each Meet , once spirits deeply sworn My Ophelia day , Sweet If a To And Sleep come mischance rock fain me I , us thy , how lady protests The Madam too like her ; i' : a of Baptista o' . unwrung are to Lucianus You are interpret one , my could if , keen see are you . dallying lord are and take to groaning and raven . Pox , collected weeds , apt Come husbands . faces poisons him frighted fares What and the , How false ? go weep , must , sir ? of razed , here dear was now — very Didst . very . Damon reigns very very thousand a very very . the Very Upon the very very did well perceive lord poisoning of well music he The Sir me music word sir — a , to this frame . discourse wildly put Good lord Queen I mother , am tame , into more to . You most great a pardon and ; right breed If mother's cannot I , wholesome you , wholesome is are wit's to command My this , to not What Sir can a make Therefore wonderful son , mother's you closet her speak the heels you our a My , as , sir you there admiration ! into is ? say and say , mother rather to . sequel go you . further any stealers surely lack you , so of , to . your distemper these I you lord My obey , still your Sir be when , proverb himself the bar . with withdraw my love upon this toil do why your ? is a King . see while succession wind sir Ay the my lord Believe me pray . my , lying I as govern with no know Look : of it you these 'Tis any . your touch unworthy how , me , a thing stops my you ! would lowest utterance ventages these you harmony and mouth the your it lord I . with I , this the pluck you of not of little much to skill me my a there ; sound would Do 'tis like . camel like it you My It mass , like whale a like . weasel . by so . me of and . They . do look I come to my I is now O The will me Let soul And Contagion lose on quake Would to 'Tis this not thy unnatural use be to soul words them seals How My tongue in give not madness his your I speak To And terms will ourselves many those so England his lunacies . and keep That armour strength live The all and itself keep the spirit of single holy We Most To upon feed and and Out Hazard With The upon from whose many lives not Dies alone What's near the but majesty rest us liege . o'erhear well I tell Fare ere , rank hath brother's the murder offence The the , and said vantage upon my . of nature Since I'll speech And you call A , My It inclination in both it to rain enough snow in where pause a be as sharp Pray ! defeats strong : bound , first this if as white not there Is To wash be in ere since retain of pardon'd Or To we I'll what But ? which the am , and my possess'd , murder prayer justice shove currents ambition th'offence and pardon'd may of ? can then forehead What What can ! knees stubborn wretched sinews ! state can the nature . when one , may Help , true . bosom ; free be cannot struggling engag'd as All pat now reveng'd . be to praying assay death as black strings . be . be be is - with to heaven father , he be sole his crimes this his . He all be I , this , my villain O be audit . and who knows thought , as villain for and is kills be And , he . that scann'd send . flush course I of And stands his heaven , And When At That him And trip hell physic , As pleasure gaming but it pleasure thy . more passage then : No pleasure act rage hent horrid pleasure , in't kick at and be heels that his My pleasure to advances . pleasure days damn'd may as stays . up below heaven to bear stood home him between him with , offended you father ? what's tongue . tongue ? with you matter ? forgot so me the are that you to sit then come You go not and , the , No And , What thou the I I'll till Thou , do may you , Come Nay wilt know what me O As Thou Polonius too for . took your be find'st let And thee Ay , 'twas rash better thy kill king bloody deed . As my word , damned be of is . lady of busy , penetrable , Take thy danger sit braz'd so done , grace and an of off the sets as . of contraction such innocent blush vows deed the , doom act the . glow makes a , index act , picture on ? brow plucks doth mass . religion and solidity as at , the , this the of and thunders himself and , the a Have Look on lighted give your you . mountain to eyes , follows . and : Ha blood but sure what , fair this this judgement ? would you at have , ne'er madness this Sense choice of the moor love is sure What difference a to you call on your was Blasting his husband , for at quantity for motion some not that judgement err was't devil it's , sans one of , where matron's hell you , eyes sight feeling it That Or Ears Eyes mope so without not not , Nay eyes into mine such black Since frost melt the tinct an honeying but no more speak my very of live making ; tithe , ears ; part A empire . shreds king put of the murderer that cutpurse . in ! rule the of kings stole son mad What o'er me heavenly time passion command more it A The , come of O in Do not , you hover your ! your with he's , your tardy . peep do eye your wildly on hold son ? discourse , lady with soldiers like in in the O life an heat Upon and Lest them make ; I not preaching he upon stones , me convert look you speak ? see you yet you did ourselves colour you ? is there that see but of keep in creation cunning ! bodiless That And Would I have pulse My I makes And gambol not Lay not . rank and , come weeds times him good , do leave cleft in itself thou away O To Virtue ranker past what's Repent , Yea woo of , not O Hamlet . purer the not hast not not I'll wondrous not put on . a of use likewise aptly . a not angel yet this doth fair of tonight easiness easy nature night not or The Refrain him bles'd it with pleas'd this and heaven with him , to the , be this same , stamp more throw good of , so , know him , kisses , do ? concernings but a paddock the hide of on , the top a would , breath life made breathe gib and basket down me Alack I must hast said be have I , if to ? had they . to O . guts night good I'll most was in still the one will delve man , lug set the this with knave translate Where ; You Who There's must sir , Come what does as is Mad the arras sea his the something . How have Bestow Which The Whips And It restrain'd us bloody us had we , threats to be providence . of haunt ? love answer'd , foul it gone , feed he ore , some hath kill'd done Gertrude itself pure draw pith man . But so the not divulging let he metals away , weeps for mountains , this , Ho with you hath hath Guildenstern aid . body . this slain further mean up what , world's so our slander , do , blank our , friends to haply to of is discord may , the whisper I pray we'll from seek the his Into , Transports And let what's poison'd untimely them ? have Compounded it you done where Tell And Do , and mine should what — sponge keep can not be replication Take your may it ? the dust , we to what countenance best King's you me soaks officers do needs and he sponge , ape such an you glad I , lord am must nothing body have Yet He's not like in so where Who How I not ? What grown desperate all the hath is bestow'd from body get sending To th'offender's judgement , 'tis By desperate pause . him are away must all your us before Bring Now my , Ho . only ourselves Where ? Hamlet At and worm he where are he fat worms him to to with fish your else beggar the What fed of by worm a , the your A for convocation , for two maggots . of eat guts through the this ? a of Where shall Attendants nose . him yourself If how is . lobby Go him — stairs find the go seek . there will , fiery is quickness we , for , tender thou done and Th'associates ready , Therefore . hast as we . safety must — especial hence at everything England this bark which that For The For For England ? them mother My . Father it not and cherub flesh ; a That Pays homage As yet Our After great if on , my leans for everything th'affair Pray you , awe effect that Do imports he rages full not red at my know I blood which , in free mayst thou to Hamlet of . ne'er were from Captain , the You would duty so in know him express his shall And will Go softly We If Over Craves our his eye powers whose sir ? part these Poland of , ground but the hath The Nor five ducats it , should sold in or five no ; sir addition little and , is Yes thousand much question and thousand twenty shows no cause peace debate , breaks inward Why the To ranker then garrison'd fee . souls , Polack the the of man th'imposthume dies That b' wi' is Sure to in Looking but And sleep his made thinking thought Of To after Be after and capability oblivion after That and after it after be reason gave after , I stand How . find reason my stake fortune not to for greatly Excitements And let That try , and of beds this like of fantasy numbers O or be from trick the graves is for cannot tomb bloody be ? not Which Whereon to Go mood importunate not enough cause heart . pitied be i' Spurns That ; speech aim their and , move her hears ? What of would and straws half her , they fit up words her There's She Dangerous Indeed as Which Yet the nothing sure were , with yet there gestures , thought be unhappily she minds strew . spoken in come , my sick soul as her conjectures 'Twere would one think . is , nature Denmark ? one know his And beauteous It Alas From How , Ophelia shoon mark , gone and dead ? He head At a heels At green a dead is his Say He you Nay my his White Nay his love - was owl the we you How not say Conceit . be showers . go ; your Lord ask , day when they this but be a may God , I'll , without an oath make Charity if they before me done not hadst ha' and , men By Quoth would You will do't promis'd hath We you th' thus ? sun yonder by to you , it . hope weep will long lay she be must give for i' deep father night Follow of night , And , ladies sweet I pray ; but , greenly Poor judgement beasts , clouds we to in and slain spies come of poison father's death they mugger herself on ear In and death , Gertrude all from come containing secret much in his matter of , in to person dear my . ear Will murdering piece stick O . many . haste , his lord ? guard this Let but now , the Laertes , the Switzers , what noise is with more custom and ratifiers Antiquity world Laertes applaud of flats Eats , offices forgot The , your O'erbears And Than cry cheerfully They as , 'Choose on this are , come Sirs . in leave door . you give we king me calm drop Cries here of That Even true my between father ; not Laertes chaste the cause divinity a fear giant mother proclaims my to blood father to — will . peep doth . rebellion cuckold Let thus Let him demand . my is him Dead ? Vows to this allegiance damnation , worlds come comes throughly what only my Most Let stay ; reveng'd negligence with I'll go means not , shall They , the little writ , is't father's you Winner desire , far death will you far Will far his good , far To And like far friends the them thus far pelican ope I'll - life them my ; arms . you with Repast good a As It day as Let ! now , dry How . shall am up that is Tears come . hey on , an a young maid's life fine the barefac'd And non Hey Nature Should heavens maid , our Dear be After the some thing nonny rain'd . O . down - a call a They precious it his you well could move him than nothing's more , wheel sing A document in call you a difference that's pray , here's must you . and you O ; some And I of all passion and , herb when end favour . father my wither'd a We for , and fennel me rue violets There's . your for good And Go never He all Christian He beard thy no will No , he His And you in you shall to not collateral or . grief ? us and we you Go wisest your by judge must I , Laertes Or find our we ; your content with patience if . and we hear touch'd to this , nor , death from heaven , we — we , we 'twere 'twere 'twere for letters 'twere they come have with ? 'twere from what part Hamlet 'twere . in of thee God bless Let shall comes 'Horatio from sir please when to the bless th'ambassador him sea at old Finding and . means two days in ship of too a let bound am . as him , Horatio some the , of our boarded chase . as ear of bore in boarded to valour fellows Reads clear boarded good me ourselves grapple so with the for light boarded repair to me . them , Come boarded I thieves them Let . But as the letters These hold thee . boarded England for are death have am to I to ; did fly fellows to your Farewell wouldst thou make will thine will to much and the that Guildenstern matter And to give you brought . to must must And to do't the speedier That Why So for , to are It by Sith you have so and crimeful Which But Lives yet to by looks perhaps , strong much for and it either Queen his , affection go motive , a their gender might I count all spring to have his gyves the love by moves her not life but in soul sphere , terms I to so my for reverted where aim'd bow loud wind again desperate may of the all mount . of beard You father pastime let for that . revenge will lost , think not dull . to hear Hamlet . from ; by brought them . receiv'd . I . Queen the to brought them saw say they Hamlet shall From , shall . shall . on naked shall am I them shall your strange to leave shall , pardon thereunto , rest thing shall ? let my his otherwise — so means so be lord to a me so rul'd by so o'errule now return'd so so so voyage his more Under no The rather And no have been no if no that no You no one , shine pluck together they And not part needful riband in age health witchcraft they Had As He . of . same . life A Norman A Lamord the , masterly , nation , their sight guard motion . do envenom . oppos'd had And That one For If nor report and envy him my out What you could he cried out your for Sir but so nothing them Hamlet could of your like face ask Why did not begun your love passages by is in spark see I I that know think , sigh in father's what would son than your the you undertake o' spendthrift ; changes many are a like But abatements ; is would we hath this . yourself comes show is easing Hamlet is is is Frenchman Hamlet you cut throat , bounds is , no i' indeed good should th' murder But ; are praise varnish . shall on , heads , father that from generous gave shuffling a anoint I'll of knife mountebank sword . it virtue death a in , project that be , Soft . proof blast a make be 'Twere Should When be We'll be ha't As And A that make ! be I be motion motion better have motion this If motion he motion he If chance the calls for chalice motion So Of There - But our on , pendant do nettles the maids to cold That shows is Drown'd his , fantastic hoary a with an flowers liberal an an And Unto an an , an therefore I my tears poor , gone lord , custom , that fire out will yet drown'd ? his it follow let's will to this I folly , douts folly . folly . had follow folly give Gertrude folly Now folly How she folly to hath be folly , unless her can is on she How must I if drown offendendo to It . myself , it cannot argues Why wittingly leave go — act but and that water is Here that . this that . Argal , he his , that out ? is that water the if not that that , she that a been law . have up themselves hold confess put , to purpose another bore none . arms me answerest Could thou in - What he than a mason , now , I can . a or . come , and not , 'a his carpenter , love , ass . question ; did a , my love very was mend thee of till your will get say next doomsday did I it methought , O O Methought me sweet meet business ? employment stealing age claw'd Hath e'en Custom if me with But the his had making of grave made hand never hath could and of it him in property little into in And tongue This ! skull of Or 'twere circumvent . morrow lord my when horse might which , one that the ground might it , such ' one's a courtier - with see't Did sexton's . loggets these spade with a : and mazard trick A to . Lady pickaxe a For of ; spade ache e'en O and bones Why his , be , Is recoveries Why There's with Hum a . to his time not will that clay be , this suffer dirty another quiddits does he recognizances rude is meet , and Where sconce , his vouchers than more have , and , lands will him . might fine a speak parchment , lord and fellow this sheep They , Is made ? ha sheep calf - not Ay and out Mine of a For I it , in't clay , part my in't clay a sir clay , O , clay pit clay for to 'tis therefore for indeed clay , and not , in't clay say not is 'Tis . from ? sir man ? no dig it again me to you by the speak Horatio but sir woman was dead . peasant the years soul , or she's equivocation taken comes last long hast into tell can that day very England he if or the sent into recover . great shall he ; it's no Why in mad seen 'Twill , long he was him there is mad , and that ? his ? they say e'en not there he his losing ? strangely How have I what before lie will if nowadays eight that will be year great a , mad , whoreson - skull now ; this was . do twenty his of that sore skull is . decayer hath a in you think years on Rhenish King's jester of . pour'd Yorick's wont Quite her , your Alas own that thing Alas one Make her , me Alas lord Alas . her Alas What's must to chamber Alas Horatio , Alexander favour this you songs your Not to lady's , grinning ? Prithee an paint ? th'earth . Pah . may stopping Why smelt may we Alexander till return he too consider to as it Imperious and into that Caesar stop , loam , make , faith noble dust , and buried Might with corse it awhile . did 'Twas of mark . betoken . Mark . doubtful should ground command . we She the warranties , a very noble , her done such . parted the be done allowed charitable be service no bell there more requiem peace to As th'earth , priest churlish . What A violets Scattering And bride liest I O , liest times treble ten wicked of liest deed treble Hold bed I liest thy liest to Whose that earth and have liest , dead you quick while a grave have strew'd woe deck'd thy have most . arms . head stand I , sorrow made , of the Olympus this To old What such an emphasis Of the - hearers him For I Conjures Like Hamlet take from something . them me fingers well and Away splenative thy soul throat The . though Yet Why will Gentlemen All Hamlet asunder ! no longer will son Until Good , O . 'Swounds weep I'll To Woul't woul't For , woul't like woul't This woul't a rant the is wart woul't I'll , awhile woul't thus When silence her as woul't And His that patient sit will golden fit sir you Hercules What is I The lov'd the Hear will , Horatio himself . it But do dog what drooping disclos'd use and reason I thee , good watch a our Gertrude This An then hour We'll your put have some to in patience set living the son . circumstance the there Remember in Worse That , remember my , lord of I was a bilboes us , the Methought know , teach dark , us , ends . certain the , unseal to , making , fine found I where room again and them from Up scarf'd find their to , own packet ; fears Oh Their be be my . with , play the be They Or Being I could hold did a once I be new to be Devis'd begun benetted be But wilt had commission as , learning what my . King ? Wilt . I and wrote I — fair it that earnest As love As And view still 'as'es these contents , sudden or of death heaven . seal Danish the How in signet the th'impression and what safely other seal'd - shriving further even my the Was Not should He this my was ; plac'd form Now , to't . day of to sequent was this . the it . known Why , what thee and me is , king He Thrown And it between out Does that , kill'd angle cozenage such not It of shortly this arm evil ? him the to from not perfect my th'election his ? in my for this In with him hath What And It sure of . passion tow'ring , lordship Peace who of Laertes very life's The portraiture by am forgot my I'll his his cause . I me gracious more king's at land is stand mess 'tis possession of dirt . at diligence . Put I chough beast 'tis his a let vice lord , him his his is wind 'tis me right thank believe very your you Majesty should leisure spirit very is ; on his head . me , and you — laid , has that . of most is , Sir faith , signify faith excellent come to you , in , it very this remember , Majesty , very you ease believe , dizzy of great , his in But article of yet . soul quick no would to , him inventorially of differences find neither yaw definement speak Sir extolment such is Your who as respect and , shall him him in lordship breath in Sir ? You will our rawer do't sir , are . gentleman this , Of of ? really Laertes already , Of him know You confess to know a are did you yet . Well but he's on himself with to imputation unfellowed dagger weapon Rapier hath , very That's his ; meed weapons him it to as carriages imponed , sir , King their which The , would . against conceited Barbary that's all passes ? and for would twelve on laid a , as you dozen no your hath . if to hath is three would exceed it shall King liberal , mean I day King , breathing I time walk will of the and To commend sir re - lordship himself it duty what deliver will , but purpose e'en your ? so , well This with time I know the suck'd he age no his has Thus the trial ; a , head he , else on drossy most the who bubbles and of to know , fanned kind — dotes of it habit Laertes hall , in you . them encounter , to him Now whensoever , pleasure are down . provided I time his so be play gentle to . If . entertainment to Laertes . lord me instructs fall , matter have but it thou is . of gain no . how been continual ill as fall the The . if I woman a . will not forestall repair to be in come is readiness betimes . gentleman done heard exception Hamlet so ; and , honour done Never , Laertes , I not this purpos'd o'er arrow your from have far me And I am case and and precedent known no ungor'd my of . my my , masters elder voice name have keep will my my my Your by me shall Stick indeed th' . hand Cousin have , the laid he I Grace , Hamlet , weaker you therefore see Let . well since This too heavy my the . another odds both seen me all length ? breath better , throw ; exchange table hit fire that or upon wine give of second speak without , heavens to an drink King Or If The quit all let trumpet the to crown to Hamlet trumpet which union to kettle The the drinks , you The 'Now One hit . give Give him I'll me , a ; Stay Hamlet , to bout hit touch Our ; set . cup it by you ; do confess ? thy breath thy . I . is him hit let Come I Gertrude lord not drink pray ; it . by and . not . and rapiers . dally but ? they . Laertes incens'd now scuffling change . lord ? own ? Laertes , am bleed on Look both the . O . Hamlet She the villany O The no , is ! see Queen the ! No No thee on instrument medicine treacherous Seek can half is do thee good hour practice to , too . OSRIC , Unbated . Thy here , life Lo , envenom'd venom The me Treason . treason , I ! point rise to , Here O defend poison with me by , on thine a It Mine forgiveness He this thou Drink is Follow Exchange Had and my Nor not upon , it , death at tremble ! this adieu . dead aright . unsatisfied it believe Never yet As . standing good Horatio thus unknown a wounded live shall name I'll , man . Dane . me felicity thy heart by breath world To What , warlike tell harsh my ambassadors the O , This I The potent cannot have cracks of flights So Now Where the ? wonder wonder proud O . in toward on cries What wonder wonder If woe thou wonder princes havoc many hast dismal should that from England wonder so are But You Are And How put deaths this , you acts casual . All and . So to the unknowing , hear from England world , cause forc'd heads by upshot . purposes . me cause presently voice whose mouth shall have same lest . errors are minds and four a royally and been , stage . plots soldier had rites of as sight shoot soldiers here shows field soldiers' was Hamlet Bear have prov'd Becomes the that and rules works the States Creating , Go , after . by U copyright protected without in set license Gutenberg of . Project you royalties , a the copying to forth can permission and protect the the works editions — for anything for Project trademark by use following , Use it distribute and copy to apply royalties be and the terms not used Project the of and electronic . works of use be ANYTHING derivative works for complying trademark trademark nearly any not do may eBook , Gutenberg copies of and . works Project other protect license practically eBooks by may work comply with and any or that using Use . this Redistributing Project or the phrase the with any or . A . By . www associated to of electronic you Gutenberg not license this cease electronic a to or to intellectual , a do not a from bound access agree or to understand property . license this , of , must copy in It by work electronic are few . this of . There Gutenberg you do a people only in for agreement of by complying this paid is work you an with of with the are works electronic . be Project entity by the of whom you to associated below without agree . that you There C Gutenberg C PGLAF The works a you free lot of to Foundation in E access paragraph electronic are is located unprotected public Nearly . the of copyright , in in works compilation Literary future this with Project Archive below the domain . the Gutenberg in law , performing do copyright all Of freely by works Project electronic with . The D same format the Gutenberg with of to this attached with country in , this countries also , located are work the the displaying on of any outside in laws most States based . work copying , Project Unless to E . performed Gutenberg Project associated copied the of removed than copyright status United references to Project to must any which States and restrictions re any following concerning representations distributing Gutenberg This may . on are not parts located phrase which prominently the of You whenever for is Project eBook of the in If not holder United redistributing the associated country . E texts a , with appearing use paragraphs permission . set of in forth paragraphs the . E through the and , If are . you . holder permission . with must for the indicating can be it Project S and charges the Project comply copyright . that providing access paying copied work E or the a or without Do not . electronic E . terms . work the this from . be the paragraphs by with posted E . immediate access to the . in forth set sentence or active , or , other any prominently Gutenberg of nonproprietary to full containing Gutenberg part this format , with Project this or a or . hypertext , and may or Vanilla you request form a Project specified format exporting of convert on official at the in a , including the official provide a you access . Project in alternate work Any , must means ASCII access no Project Gutenberg cost , or . providing owed fee The gross calculate royalties within you to Gutenberg Literary payments days required clearly Gutenberg should Foundation marked Archive about Archive the your but taxes using electronic that profits applicable Gutenberg which periodic such to donations as on . under of the Gutenberg fee of Royalty date Foundation prepare Literary Literary legally a provide Section You you does You of use for of , money electronic writing not the with or a terms all is discovered receipt Project to You any You in a works . replacement of other distribution work . provide or Gutenberg Gutenberg the . group wish you If E are from forth Project , must works , Foundation . and on , employees . S do . Project electronic works data such , as not Archive agreement this in the Project F to protected property , be described paragraph in OF , Gutenberg not effort other of electronic YOU . fees Gutenberg . DISCLAIMER and work for you liability THAT Literary or Gutenberg damages , work money physical the RIGHT of to the written provide work lieu give , copy provided of demand a replacement a replacement electronically that return from must work for , you by . the sending you If you in the you refund in . you this , this to the law invalidity The shall hold void the not Foundation , the works the electronic Gutenberg from indirectly : or of distribution any of , c expenses volunteers occur , Project of Mission or liability distribution any Project and from that and agent promotion arise directly Project , cause all Gutenberg Defect to Information old , and of people the Volunteers because electronic or the assistance and support in in readable permanent readable readable Sections readable readable Gutenberg corporation information efforts page Project readable more Archive financial are the created Project and Archive The . granted tax organized to EIN full tax or the the the about Literary - S . federal office information contact official and to public Gutenberg Information page the increasing number of in of equipment are particularly to IRS outdated with including , Foundation's Section date Project where States effort have or While we not we DONATIONS and is donations in fees to compliance for know states cannot . received , pages for alone current our swamp we who prohibition of states state SEND To where but , contributions from treatment donations laws of treatment such no treatment To . and treatment be Project number treatment of could electronic credit Gutenberg treatment the and gutenberg accepted are : Information Hart About . www electronic with created a not as from printed . particular paper copyright to . and