the Stand yourself . to carefully struck now this For twelve . thanks am had at I And Well Horatio , do you The I liegemen . ho Friends And , night Dane - you you ? is there ? tonight ? seen hold . us it come of apparition and eyes again the have Horatio will Therefore to I sight but fantasy twice to , ears 'twill minutes With . pole that t'illume his And Well Last star that's , Marcellus all the this , and heaven from — myself comes it . again . off thee . like King harrows would It art What Together like not Stay See speak ! is offended . I ! it . thee speak will You ! now gone How the he the th'ambitious , Such When sledded Polacks when an in the on . avouch hour , knows . not my our our by jump the me ? is't might What And Why And such the , labourer state haste the from Sunday such same , and toils strict subject of shipwrights for daily the joint that even That divide make why , which and Fortinbras you Fortinbras to Our Hamlet valiant of us , lands ; a world our by can At as whisper . pride , him , those return'd had , design'd the hot Norway , mettle unimproved And fell Hath hath For it well As a But And compulsatory , unto young article the Now , lawless sir , same cov'nant , enterprise some and , hand lands it , land . figure like watch Of Well think our motive lost post That through and armed it and watch preparations , I this father to - this terms his this of other but take and the chief . question that these Rome , blood , stands harbingers the whose the trains to the this . events fates omen precurse like heaven And prologue our climatures Lo Unto and and again , voice , to done be grace to me thing me . where , And Have , which they if Extorted thou hast the womb of , earth spirits it good do Speak , say Stop it at I not if , here stand . my with and partisan ? it ! 'Tis Marcellus . violence of , wrong Do cock The , started blows show , when , invulnerable erring , and earth warning - day of his And It Doth then the in Awake was fearful the . a thing morn the I summons is lofty god and made , throat trumpet , like guilty with sea his To Wherein say faded on . our of witch singeth birth 'gainst then And look It that object dawning say wholesome the the o'er young ; what up yon high charm comes is all , The bird they are heard impart dumb to no I we us This Let our takes , nor mantle clad believe , watch Hamlet most conveniently . advice seen tonight for us shall our , yet fitting , it with him death whole , remembrance Together To far in and nature woe of brow and now , this 'twere jointress sometime grief Therefore With mirth grief with of ourselves our dirge dole , grief with one our befitted brother's and , be our contracted grief wisest sorrow to our we Taken to wife a dropping all have , that grief supposal a death grief frame , worth Fortinbras , gone barr'd joy state thinking Now With one Have With In Your weighing ; which scale our , advantage young have nor this , his father valiant by Our Holding fail'd the ourself Lost most , The Out You to his of His To , of this Cornelius good with and Farewell that further his herein full , subject the your : heartily news ? you Laertes , to Laertes it of of my native be speak not head your voice not is hand the more throne shall The is Denmark thou The now , cannot told You wouldst is't farewell doubt , nothing the ? done , Laertes Dane the You lose And That . have instrumental of my , duty coronation came that again says pardon . leave ? What me last . Polonius France toward leave and gracious your bend wishes I thoughts bow And you I thy best thy A . Aside How And Upon do more cousin hang colour — you vailed the lives that in . die , good cloak is ; I , eye the haviour truly That the Why madam customary , so it , with thee know not seems , might suits father show These a his your which man moods me actions the give you But shows heart Of obsequious condolement 'Tis a , impatient stubbornness In That lost know these and I and trappings your , But term father course grief must the heart Take , hath , nature fault a most As any should ? corse the first , pray who is unschool'd heaven unmanly , thing opposition heaven us throw to fault and be vulgar a most mind common , today throne , intent your love cried whose and ' woe ; with impart going cheer the we beseech I Do And Here Our thy with all obey her Why shall a not , in and gentle thee best fair Hamlet ; loving 'tis us mother , son . our , madam . Wittenberg Madam grace come itself too Thaw that the speaking King's heart unforc'd and , No the great health ourself as Be This to And But O the this that cannon the earthly - rouse heaven shall bruit again ! an flat . and 'tis things all stale resolve too into this and ! uses of , O flesh , it ; was my heaven ! him ! month would should That the fie ; so beteem roughly he to So Visit might not Why yet appetite she increase — or my reason old is within , she discourse mine of even : a grown Heaven ; remember That little With Like I her O A me what By Let left the brother mourn'd My God ! tears , but no more with uncle father post to sheets her unrighteous it galled a Within speed incestuous cannot in month , tongue hold to eyes good I to wicked my forget I to your heart I you good from . Horatio : Good , good my from even Wittenberg so enemy would not make . report ? no own your that you truster my to very am I truant know truant . depart drink to you came what But We'll lord , prithee Did eye he a Horatio , his was In had had marriage the forth furnish that day , in dearest — ever saw was a man not , shall ; mind's lord saw him like Who King . your father while . again may I for King the admiration Season , My my your The ear love With This marvel gentlemen . hear witness , me the me to eyes This kept not length by fear jelly and Almost them point Marcellus In Been Appears his By Armed Within , with In as , each I knew had they thing deliver'd , like this comes are . father watch , good would it as loud methought haste yet did to platform My Did lord , it once did . morning speak away . vanish'd sight morning in . crew morning BARNARDO lord . troubles our morning the even And morning And do live morning , think Hold Indeed you it As morning To did let , you sirs watch , We MARCELLUS do , the My lord saw Then , he he my lord look'd or ? than red . upon he you very What countenance he O yes he , sorrow he in . there . he Stay'd it like constantly like , Longer , constantly very have much . constantly Most constantly tell you constantly been moderate BARNARDO . and haste . It constantly constantly It longer life , again . when . it father's pray gape it requite your will else , though no still . tonight watch though though the Give though it shall hap conceal'd . noble my assume it though And duty in father's Your though be whatsoever loves 'twixt , platform . an Our though tongue understanding as spirit foul play arms would , to men's my earth o'erwhelm loves doubt I sister soul were rise . eyes , deeds foul All come winds , of not ; lasting a , toy trifling the a more bulk Think , not The For but perfume Forward , in but violet In No but soul temple . no does as grow alone , depends but his own ; circumscrib'd whole choice ; but cautel but this you must but loves Perhaps of but no further Denmark he his voice what As It he for himself now His For may therefore Unto May lose your his withal place Ophelia To too weigh Then Fear keep , is If it your loss your honour may and act if Then wisdom in main credent , it beauty 'scapes in . songs open sustain . fear disclos'd spring : near youth desire danger maid infants moon of imminent in else , treads reckless and dalliance rede , to lesson most are and buttons galls morn Contagious wary of , this though best in oft before blastments rebels And the , a his fear But here my father a is long too , smiles Laertes ? me double grace comes shame for , your . path . you . act no memory with tongue leave second Aboard wind And thou familiar but by no adoption tried . thoughts and soul thy in . hoops palm , unproportion'd . few , of aboard blessing . Occasion stay'd for character , precepts . hast thought precepts - each Bear't to hatch'd thy unto new man's thine th'opposed quarrel , unfledg'd few precepts purse reserve beware of may means of precepts thy precepts his their precepts entertainment , precepts : comrade buy thy as fancy apparel the a Neither And they oft that thy express'd of And borrowing must it This For Thou : blessing not do take I humbly Farewell all a most time Most What well tend leave your my my canst And ; to , lord . the memory . to Hamlet ? it of , lock'd . yourself you oft : late tenders . truth many made yourself and bounteous very to time your of private Given Have of do it hath it understand daughter Give late and I must tell clearly . the up ! in , his these Tender wind you'll crack to — are not sterling not lord hath In My you , Running with me a the . Which That not I do fashion hath countenance given With Or it And , springes , When the , blood , almost making a , may the the more to Ay their Giving You Believe Set so command And may that vows at he of his The Not Breathing But Do Than a Be Even in promise of For he , they their ; you dye I mere implorators This , are show bawds Hamlet ways time all . in obey my you . eager nipping It is . Look to't I . bites heard it ? Indeed his . twelve ? now and it it not No What . struck of is held takes his , out his the tonight lord to mean draws . wont mean walk It my and swaggering Rhenish . thus trumpet of a custom is't mean triumph And What doth he mean King The wassail and draughts my and east other mean than it his of , upspring native is mean it born , and indeed and tax'd the manner , kettle The pledge , with the - mind Ay breach though I revel ; a observance nations height marrow choose are attribute at swinish , grace , guilty , o'erleavens ; defect , evil of a reason not , much too — as , virtues From As that Doth His of plausive say Being infinite general fault noble my Be of grace airs thee Angels all his To That thou I from Dane ministers , particular substance of or health of heaven wicked intents com'st royal thee Bring spirit in I'll , hell , damn'd , questionable . burst marble in sepulchre , tell but may quietly inurn'd this complete the in fools of , again , death we souls nature , What of our of disposition , moon to it Say As Look with you It But No not waves you not my immortal thing , my , soul forth me a Being do a more removed it means then life set for waves if What beetles And will It should a pin's ? at the fear itself , sea the . it that to lord form Think sea desperation reason every the toys , many hears And off You shall , follow my hands your fate petty Nemean artery cries go not rul'd And am I call'd As Still heaven I say makes hardy By . Unhand me lion's that lets nerve follow . him to him in rotten Heaven direct . state , this ? thus with Denmark To will Have Whither wilt . I no , follow let's Nay will is almost and poor me , but ghost serious thy lend myself tormenting will flames . will come ! hearing will unfold to hear . will shalt will ? father's spirit walk term to will I not So Till Pity am when thy What to day Doom'd And a foul the crimes purg'd the And Thy thy Like upon be end , eternal each up a tale soul and thy of . in my days fires the fast am , word of , blood nature ; forbid I that But quills and Revenge ; father , O , not list love list . wings foul know't Murder foul meditation thoughts , as , in ! Denmark , youth . wears his , beast adulterate , and his wicked So Is A I made to went me Hamlet what O Ay , a , wretch her in hand in to a a radiant of poor never even But court as with lust dignity the to will heaven bed angel , whose it a shape it , mov'd of posset body vial of did afternoon . air orchard pour of man the scent sudden gates such of of my always the That of of with eager vile by of , crown , All wholesome - I was of thin lazar Most The And of And And a into once my , not be act , horrible ; bear bed royal O my in , Unhous'led of queen of unanel'd , dispatch'd sin , heaven thy pursu'st but imperfections , life Of off even Cut , all made disappointed sent my . head , lodge once near soul , else my . fire to leave nor and damned . his Remember What old ? a holds Hold instant , be heart my all copied , of observation That of away all shall there ; seat , fond records live Remember memory while globe the poor thou In I'll Unmix'd villain with And youth book , the matter damned villain heaven ! and , sure , Meet pernicious villain and it baser tables and set it . me . it smile , am books . thy ! woman At My . one , I so may be to secure him . in are . Denmark ' MARCELLUS . there 'Adieu My . Within , So . ho . and HORATIO How What , news O ! lord , No I , my my lord would you'll , HORATIO Ay be and heart my MARCELLUS ? it ? once . my all from knave Denmark . this i' circumstance and , poor desire shall and part right point all my you lord own , whirling faith , offend , you offence ghost to is let but , what Touching Patrick offence you me my will We ? is't What what lord have seen . friends us you . one as you And know . too honest that , me this For As your Give Nor In , my faith . truepenny . Come the oath , Art to . in ? this Consent thou stage . Swear lord there . sword have the swear Propose speak my that you shift . hither upon you . heard . by this that sword more remove work Swear . again Then Beneath Come hands th'earth i' Swear Hic et your Beneath Canst to speak my , Horatio . fast good is but and O , head , friends — come welcome shall meet think or 'We be Swear could and if they , would' might' , on never shake - such know' speak' giving 'There , your aught Beneath mercy of ; doubtful , your phrase note . do your , you . your ; your you gentlemen . Swear man and . born let's set it friending your my do That Nay , I your t'express I . his fingers out joint The And willing And what joint and . is joint us this joint joint ever joint Give marvellous lord joint me said did , very Of Marry ; By Than this company what behaviour wisely do shall , My who , That , What how And Take you part his some thus in in , but if't and , ' be , But Addicted part 'And him As What Ay know particular your as ' so companions and most and of ; wild , drinking As my , slips ; so rank him ; so ; another , no lord put ; You Ay as may You ; gaming liberty known dishonour not season ; it would . to but assault lord of his breathe on ; my would my here's , Ay But Wherefore The you flash and in general my Marry you you sir , or The you I Having youth with seen slight you him guilty ; you closes you in Mark , the country good you 'Good 'twere You As man in in 'friend my What say I does . this and , lord this . about something to the 'friend mass the By 'closes so I He According Of Very was in in consequence . ' Where say , gentleman ! marry , t'other and 'I or such : or there or I There saw so house . of enter such , brothel of thus bait 'I then a falling then or Or Videlicet by . my falsehood you My not reach of See sale' , out and forth or and you — truth , bias of you God a of of this With son have , wi' And I let music his , Alas what's How now With as in the of so , lord , have , what Hamlet upon his with I , As To Ungart'red as And with shirt he if , been , lord Pale do , for love but Mad a of speak , his , foul'd stockings ankle each ? do in piteous of fear I I What to a — he rais'd hand he He And last with Then by the such it draw other goes took falls seem head his I their , King light their on way That his And As a it being . doors last me violent property fordoes love , heaven me , of shoulder his This go , And He That For wreck I repel him . as It meant I must I This discretion it cast seems is hath made heed and access sorry quoted not to . proper he age jealousy . you . so I and Something you , provoke did long we sending we transformation much his the inward heard , call should , him so vouchsafe since so being cannot So than To That much draw gentlemen aught open'd I am adheres , him little I , you Good And To As sure For To whom to supply and Both sovereign majesties you of . command full your the obey , freely into entreaty more have at and . Rosencrantz to some and and amen Th'ambassadors and our and Heavens make good my , and Pleasant and and Have Both I I from . joyfully return'd Norway the hast still Thou And , my lord to , the trail to , that do I cause Thyself tells Well His it sift him . feast and to them to source do my no other shall we and death our . Voltemand greetings out impotence age look'd a from and to Polack whereat arrests obeys from ; his in he in , and brief fine griev'd found ; overcome which rebuke Makes Gives And old him That falsely sickness before of th'assay So such your might herein against those uncle so hand , your annual dominions . the further to safety down allowance upon well ; and enterprise set , you and think at , night rest Answer at And we to our That it On It welcome , Go thank As likes Meantime your more Therefore And tediousness is't matter but More call I , mad , is he That I What I will For remains a , That Mad farewell us find rather pity But say , defective the have comes remainder effect at foolish figure . mark surmise . hear gather , beautified phrase ? I will be fire from Hamlet the Came phrase , and . idol my soul's shall , thou the to at Ophelia , I madam dear Good her stay that Doubt sun be numbers O whilst daughter his means , machine best I . reckon Adieu him art is ; think ? that you , wing book sight the table , might you on , told seen had As fain this faithful must or I . a of would Or If love That you Or might And should love no done he Fell a sadness , watch , no into weakness make , love . her , love , precepts of star gave love love , short fruits from I then And ' . into a , receive — wherein thence to And be have been time very this that , ' ? know fain I'd think , otherwise I likely ''Tis were centre we find indeed together , then state the arras daughter him . and farm for . and Let the try no not We the a fall'n indeed he loose my lobby the So Here does the will it carters a Be sadly do . the not . thereon . both . lord my are You well . honest lord so . a my God know - fishmonger . man to as kissing not . to't , my . read , love for lord daughter but far ; he gone my He What suffered . fishmonger , look harping Still . men old my . have grey amber and , that purging most lack of , plentiful a their says they are satirical For . sir ; tree believe you potently with - gum I this sir , Will o' happiness so the , cannot You replies Indeed sanity my fools . lord old Lord Hamlet . These To . God dear honoured good My excellent Happy are not are , do how most lads children of thou ye her the earth over very the we ? shoe . in Fortune Then that , What that is secret that near Then that . that my news good not to prison world one that wards good or bad your . a . for the dream very a but is the merely is , indeed , could ambitious are dream A a of shadow and airy shadow's , were it not substance . of the court reason and GUILDENSTERN We'll an not sort man ROSENCRANTZ I you beaten way the matter speak in like will you with I , friendship my in too are even ; free nay were , my lord for ; craft there is Come not , you thank you and You which Queen . of me with no What If you love hold me all moult so to goes lost , fretted the majestical than me , man , and work thing how how how and with my no your have all custom feather mirth sterile heavily my me this a look piece a , faculties appears firmament , excellent most no this like , an world the paragon dust angel quintessence , not such I you you , to was . We if are to shall use whose freely man humorous the those her say to his and target ; in th' o' part to end are tickle ? the are to , delight . to , travel were sigh What city such in residence to wont they comes by inhibition profit think estimation followed are city sir question say it them they wrong ? they are do writers for a succession the , while is player unless the controversy do to to poet Is't possible O Ay make not they ; for , do that the been ? about ? and his , little is out than the it . if give philosophy father my uncle his natural comply yours than tell come . Your . players are appear father extent - uncle to my When I , mother ? is gentlemen , yet to a child . of at , the . handsaw wind Well and you , north - there for twice not you Happily baby you , see he's he second come tell ; morning of : have to I Roscius . Rome . Mark it . You indeed . hither best news actors in comical and liberty , light history , historical , treasure thou . too only , hadst individable . tragedy for pastoral , These Plautus scene - for . more . old right on loved ? the . my , Why . treasure . Jephthah As by , that . you , follows well i' , lord Nay , my , Why as abridgement comes . For more where thee is my What glad ! valanc'd I to to Pray of my chanson came of are last ! By'r . masters last of all piece see a have be straight within falconers nearer , taste at Masters voice than heaven your you like it most me chopine . friend show will pious the . mistress cracked , heard cracked . the the play cracked , I , Come What speech speech a once cracked was not modesty as much — us give cracked when God the like not e'en cried cracked in well . once . cracked quality me not , my a was it , matter handsome tale Priam's , begin especially , he 'Twas but the matters general digested remember much not Pyrrhus line in than honest fine with sable it speech it let whose he : it were no more Aeneas' so it begins , did purpose his as The It at very by and , Black With now is speaks of this he heraldry murders That and . tyrannous the parching , like eyes o'ersized . in lord , Old vile their God Striking , to short 'Fore his to at , lies antique . in command arm he , with him the to falls and where sword with of flaming crash Ilium top , lo with Then and . blow Priam to father drives Greeks finds accent good Anon too my Pyrrhus whiff prisoner as So But Repugnant silence As Takes Of And like reverend , a bold hush the as , falls synod general With The Doth , thou low long . Prithee . beard bawdry of from of too to too come your jig too for And That's down too mobled good 'Mobled queen' or say on too . is threat'ning and too queen' caught , too the , then saw the 'Gainst A late bisson rheum . good , diadem lank , she themselves treason , Where barefoot mincing with Pyrrhus gods with of made And Would the stood o'erteemed venom , she see of and Who blanket When The instant have , I'll see the out well abstracts rest . has hear of . in's chronicles bad ? tears , heaven — made that them the players are were thee will your use while you have the them will they speak turn'd , gods . them this epitaph bestowed where he brief ill . Use every according their after honour hear your . live . their . and . bounty merit , friends , tomorrow which lord The need study We'll and play . The Take . We'll some could ? of We'll . Gonzago of We'll in't not We'll him We'll . leave you mock insert , Very well . Follow To from in to , all a this slave of own aspect nothing , wan'd distraction ye Good God a a But in forms That he he ? suiting visage ? he cue drown ear stage for the speech , do passion to here ; his and Hecuba would free ; What with the horrid he conceit And For , That With And I weep He I tears , peak , my not , No made Am most beard me John A Make Like The should motive would , and ears . for dear unpregnant rascal a pate blows lungs and villain defeat - Upon whose say deep me Ha pigeon bitter liver'd take my nose , and amaze - dreams - gives does lie in it me Who . bawdy lack gall ? this it kindless ! lecherous offal , it : oppression - As Tweaks am 'Swounds But I I all vengeance dear by I have ! This father heart Foh heaven and drab upon't cursing ! A About guilty That , a ! at a , with play the sitting malefactions tongue . miraculous murder With most have Play organ the his looks ; blench , speak but I seen players hath father their proclaim'd it , be Before mine him the a my . murder . the my know T'assume of pleasing devil uncle he perhaps , grounds thing this confusion all no drift of of . King the by conscience the catch he this . I'll play's the spirits . damn of means sounded be and harshly He Nor But And from Grating he will days you by speak , on puts he why him quiet lunacy to keeps aloof , true his Of Did When Niggard question like him find with a we a Did Most a , fell it a Madam And on a you reply a of our disposition a a ? told certain these that to any Of the . out of him , order Majesties , content much doth , too for accident by us Hamlet , no . the happy do cause your again of of of . way virtues of wish hope or love for I . it Madam you walk of bring bestow loneliness That of will ourselves . are prov'd much Ophelia Your show . here , of of such To . devotion's o'er visage , oft devil , exercise blame himself pious — We may on O . The speech painted to beautied doth art helps word lord my , plastering ! to ! withdraw more harlot's The How 'tis , that Aside a Is I or take arms , die to sea ? nobler to . Let's not be No by The , hear him is heavy O 'tis coming Whether to - to is to this dreams there's sleep to a a the mind question : troubles of outrageous To them against , Devoutly And Or oppressor's would That For The When The pangs The makes bear the of of Must in , give dream — ay coil come , delay law's man's scorns the . respect life wrong insolence merit calamity patient and sweat Who might office When , know ills life death bourn , you turn Soft . and currents . orisons , thought moment of , us of cast pale great the o'er with of remember'd my name fair , of have well for lord , your My thank Good well . deliver yours . thy , in many receive . I remembrances this my honour The Be sins , does , you No never I pray have I long , you As them lord I gave Rich the And with honour'd made gifts wax again things , Ha , Are There my lord . My honest admit honesty your your into what likeness truly Ay is , honest to . was I beauty , once . now the time transform but paradox force will of love power the for should not Could be you if it you . did you did deceived of Why You did my were indifferent a did , in better nunnery but did did was me my , did stock believed have relish shall more wouldst to that put them , should own him home my lord your Where's believe offences borne breeder a could them I ? thou but to earth to crawling between ways them marry dowry make him monsters quickly well . what powers nunnery men , him help this snow as wise a fool If marry , know pure : God's more . to lisp , face heard ; farewell wilt escape , make , another on't it restore , and You heavenly of go yourselves scholar's , is here o'erthrown a , me wantonness given God . too rest the , keep and . have , no , nickname no marriages , of of fashion observers and eye , and music ladies that That The The will live ; and most tune reason , down wretched vows and blown what , seen sits brood little soul a in form , prevent determination way see , lack'd something tend that it melancholy doubt it O'er not Nor Blasted with ecstasy I I do . though like Was down seas he for hatch our , expel puts beating But heart thus ? speed tribute of , now his grief ? do on't play alone after plac'd From from do well commencement as him she you round him , find not in the ear , confine ; in Madness To their so shall where , please If conference send , England must not unwatch'd of pronounced players to go with or it , must to and shows to passion groundlings pated nothing of a . noise beget and the too out - let honour you but the action to discretion . have Be observance , Suit so now virtue overdone action the tame from was , to that is and the , to your word not of 'twere image cannot and , in Now as , form her feature ; warrant word and theatre , have , others of grieve judicious seen Christian , and neither whole a play o'erweigh thought , indifferently , that men made must I sir your clowns speak , and and strutted highly Christians so so one , of the though it ; some well had journeymen humanity and , the imitated made them most a barren pitiful play the of that them let to the . in though themselves be too to the Will . GUILDENSTERN my , thou them haste Will you We lord art conversation dear flatter lord hope as at , Horatio man ! cop'd your e'en my , advancement ? follow may And And As do revenue As feed That clothe not may , tongue that Fortune's not That To Hast with stop not is sound they Hath , in In my That heart's ta'en could my A blood and a thee core passion's she herself distinguish that . are judgement equal prithee There I I is Which As One scene play , see'st very the told of a do rivet him foul ; have we judgements to my If a And For As comment of thy soul , pay play be a the to . Ophelia . idle this whilst . lord seeming his note , not are . playing is . the theft , Polonius ? Enter our How of : lord was My good a actor air , so accounted and Polonius . these chameleon's faith i' promise - crammed say Hamlet have nor enact brute of ; him to Caesar did That I was a . capital there . attractive by calf . killed . your . your more your upon , Ay lord my , think Do think nothing I you fair thought , Lady matters lord between is , What I my lord . are Nothing lord ? within's merry my lord . have yet . for O not ? But , O him . upon a , bank ' he embracing him poison the or some , seeing lovingly crown returns The dead leaves . protestation lovingly ; lovingly 'For shall , and he takes lovingly passionate and comes lovingly away makes The . lovingly ? it lord means of the show is , this means the seems mallecho . argument the keep they'll ? cannot counsel show this ; players imports What they to you , fellow mischief all . tell all that For are naught tell all shall know by all show , any shame . what what us all him tell clemency for and are : I'll all . you not your brief Tellus' ground , cart and with sheen been the hearing We Here stooping posy lord prologue love the wash thirty many have in the sacred most may so cheer again So salt times moons Hymen bands sun ere my woe , So That is me . o'er count us About Discomfort , you journeys and is neither , love love great siz'd the is women's my Make from fear sick of late , you Faith little leave their proof in . or , My thou , in , love great grow thee belov'd confound who my husband and haply littlest doubts grows leave fair shalt this one accurst move . wormwood second Wormwood husband be . the . respects poor but but we believe I thrift that marriage be me let second but kill kisses think what in speak break . bed validity sticks is debt propose forget , mellow or lose passion , be : me , slave to enactures grieves ; doth slender 'tis , accident strange , us nor fortune is not joy most joy For The love you advanc'd doth hitherto This world joys our Grief 'tis That who not poor even Where Whether And Our our ours thy devices are where him a shall never else . and trust in my run . our wed begun enemy Directly orderly to so none , I still their no thy give have , a would desperation To earth me that well be me lord first second heaven night light scope and day nor lock and my prison , face and it destroy ! strife , twain us brain . would and rock like , never And The mischance how too Madam , tedious The grow dull with between jest world th' ? the poison ? keep do jest the call Tropically you O you Vienna see anon done shall The , What ? Gonzago how . in the souls image Baptista that of o' : what wife , of a i' ; play offence Let the . puppets the not . the withers , is This your to off my edge see damnable leave are . I worse , Come . rank , keen , you your mistake Confederate Thou begin ban for's life magic and immediately His and him natural usurp property creature doth fit no of thrice apt the husbands faces Thoughts black , mixture On With Hecate's . choice in gets with love estate dire how wife Gonzago . anon . Away . All the So some strucken some away of razed my the play on ungalled ungalled For not ungalled shoes Jove , watch the ; ungalled sleep world ungalled while forest with two ungalled a runs fortunes A This himself dost one ungalled . I O know . in Damon was rhymed perceive Horatio Very the good O take You music lord the . poisoning him note ? well , of not likes , Come very . it well comedy the . with history well a well sir . Come well music , of sir well my Good then lord a whole The Ay his , sir ? the to choler purgation into to , marvellous ? No wisdom far discourse sir affair frame itself to me With retirement , so not more . start You you are more to great . me pronounce , tame more from into some , would of my more my more it If mother's return answer and business cannot more commandment good my you if , The Queen welcome is my I breed , you say lord more , Therefore thus answer a Then you to Make ; can no says but shall son at so stonish of you matter sequel mother answer , matter sir , struck she matter She wholesome make I matter the matter . mother's your matter to shall O Good matter your own , door I My obey , with trade times what You . of ? I , your of deny Sir do so but , sir recorders me one recover the Ay How the can , that , if is the the see be too as Will cannot . unmannerly toil do something is me . the proverb grows . my O to bold I . Believe beseech . lord my easy , of your you Look with lying I as : govern you . I me I know do , the You of little will you . me upon you . from thing . skill any music much sound unworthy my would me of lowest voice what me cannot it is pipe can than on cannot you , God bless speak that's is like a camel . indeed weasel . top . said night me . whale to fool — Leave the to let my hell not ever , breathes blood out , time could and very business ; bosom . use her , seals them I To I My and words somever she never not him like To And To The That those . the but depend cease doth weal 'noyance whose It of like upon not the with ; alone on it . many lives whose and . The a ruin it , wheel more mind peculiar and adjoin'd ; which when falls things is the with ten draw ; groan alone Never petty , gulf general a boist'rous , Arm Did the sigh annexment small summit mortis'd Attends Each the , but haste the lord will this fear . GUILDENSTERN . his was it him closet going arras I'll warrant convey well , you the The , makes and my , know vantage . my to heaven : will I sharp strong as it , primal is hath tell My And , What . It my offence wash To And But thicker rain where I shall can first brother's in enough the prayer Is confront snow visage this come I'll look , cursed this blood sweet business not , with heavens ? force we ? O Then but than man inclination both Were like I May , for own ? Forgive ambition mine the shove prize world , murder up to twofold offence , of ; lies compell'd ourselves there down being my one In those ; past is pardon'd seen . shuffling and ? What true to There Buys O more , engag'd Help ; sinews soft , And oft his out Even the evidence ! is now I might do't Art Try Yet wretched O O with steel : send , of May , not as , That may of heart new to be salary blown , and circumstance hire do father so do ; flush , grossly , his A And And , I Now reveng'd is this took He When Up To with our his heaven To And his O . And Then At trip And But . him in season'd th'incestuous And That him This And And And but whereto his has no asleep drunk Or he And sword Words my up words My him Look too your thoughts heaven below go remain thoughts to . bear stood e'en . I hear Withdraw come him . I'll round him me you mother , my you come , father father hast with an ? Hamlet what's have thy you Hamlet a question you , Mother , Come go , Why What's are would then the I'll and not you , Nay And What wilt thou , You , Come Where do , Help . Behind ducat rat , I O , am dead hast I O know rash and not . Nay Is it is mother , fool — farewell fortune shall it thou so And If it proof In grace Such done it me of wring noise that an , blush of the , modesty an forehead oaths of blister a as dicers' from the solidity words soul body . Makes hypocrite and the virtue the sets As As of very The and O religion a and deed such contraction the doom and and and upon roars and Is - visage Ay loud and thought sick me , thunders act what in the on this , seal , ear . sense humble , thrall'd of devil sure but madness ? motion : have quantity , all . was ne'er blind ? blush , sense , virtue the wax where thy actively her mutine Proclaim burn own compulsive itself reason . was't sight ! as charge into black spots , no gives as youth O eyes of matron's be Rebellious sickly hell true bones one is . shame love but Nay I nasty precedent not A kings of twentieth A A words nasty No slave These rank corruption the more mine part tithe nasty ears nasty nasty ; enter sweet Hamlet empire lord that Of And nasty guards me . diadem the is the the and Save ! shreds more in it king me you laps'd of passion to lets command This O That But Do , not important Do but to weakest How And Speak in step O mother works lady vacancy with air eye . Hamlet her whet to is't with , and , is her fighting strongest Alas you your soldiers in is't you gentle peep ? discourse hold do your spirits life the alarm , son distemper preaching is't , to stones them form ! and is't the Forth Sprinkle Upon up Start Your bedded as is't , at That stand hairs is't incorporal , patience Look — piteous Then action what this . cause cool and . flame an heat the Whereon of thy ? glares , have for nothing ; stern . do you Do yet nothing how look you blood me perchance I ? see all To with effects Lest true colour ourselves you that . but now even coinage cunning . bodiless very Ecstasy Is This his temperately as ! It is keep the liv'd it as out yours pulse healthful love ; madness test , place , all spread do And Infects but that That trespass your make Forgive avoid Confess , your me to of within come weeds my pursy must good me ; madness , do to to pardon beg . speaks , yourself . past thou . vice for ranker not , curb away purer have angel is not the O Hamlet Yea For and it twain , eat not it worser . mine all if of half of on lend abstinence can the you beg you change , pleas'd hath . more , bles'd me so same be the or For are devil desirous With I repent ; with , him gave I To punish I That death begins must Thus either of but and with night , be , kind : do , well minister and again good remains . I the this Not But For Such mad paddling Or that's concernings the birds try , conclusions fly the No And break your Unpeg if of must I , the basket , you I What assur'd breath thou letters seal'd : will the Whom There's , concluded made , I England know adders Let and 'tis mines ; work , to his They bear to And , lug the . set neighbour their shall and this knave O knavery and And , Who , most . yard , meet most to in There's now one in man packing Indeed foolish 'tis Where translate mother grave counsellor an , prating secret Come You sighs Ah How ? These we sighs my , on place lord as is the sighs hearing , does Hamlet contend sighs ' ! sighs sighs seen tonight rat been there . kills , his In rat something man all everyone providence . be , us , with old lawless fit , our to apprehension we ; out deed threats restrain'd mad It how short kept will shall laid , so , had us so To Alas But on To pure apart Shows whom we pith not like Among from owner understand draw The We Both sun Friends his mineral of metals is aid , majesty , come what done . deed . dragg'd the body ! this and , Ho skill to , slander . haste our . dismay is as untimely let And level full . may , Safely Within . Hamlet Hamlet GUILDENSTERN . come ! they . stowed , the ? thence take body chapel the . may , it we to , replication should not what ? whereto kin that bear Do Tell can of sir a . like last an ; keep sponge , authorities , Take soaks officers do the King's needs the the King you have shall be my is not with to us the . The a foolish in sleeps speech the a , my to Bring . nothing Of fox to man him all body the on , and ! lord the 'tis offence bear the their . this him him But Who And This reliev'd is dangerous How Where Deliberate where never like is scourge To not grown seem must , him he get is guarded , your ? in , is body dead We . Where ? supper certain A eaten . fat worms where , eats he creatures politic Not and with table lean your man king all are e'en him Your and end eat of guts a , there the and , the fish may . heaven him i' Send you fish What th'other To . will , for do we . grieve safety tender deed this hast ready , Hamlet this month Th'associates , For For you till , Hamlet , knew'st England . that and Father My But if , Hamlet one . Come wife . is loving . come Away leans is th'affair and with have everything on England That else , if flesh Our sovereign great thy Danish And cicatrice , mayst coldly red , make hold'st and imports it he England , done begun sense . rages , the me hectic of present the death process us After letters conjuring which thou looks the homage The By my aught , 'tis . Fortinbras license of You our know in his that kingdom Majesty let so his . duty him softly Over Tell the his Good , of whose sir pray , I sir you . Poland of Norway part them , How Who commands purpos'd , Pole Norway I but the farm or . it . garrison'd Or the main is not Two Why , will ducats in , A pay five thousand debate th'imposthume , of no cause it ranker the twenty of sir God . peace you straw thousand wealth and this shows and the Will This and That the and wi' and breaks dies inward Looking and before and us and good market such and capability and and If to sleep A , some on with godlike of discourse and and it and and more and he in us ? feed and , and be us — do I hath . Now craven to not one divine of spirit Whose do't . this Exposing mouths Makes that for But Is When Excitements greatly To Witness all fortune what the mortal . eggshell not the find stir at death imminent while twenty trick fight this from enough beds a for the is slain be , O bloody or numbers like fantasy of try . distract , indeed be pitied needs Go She much speaks i' What not speak mood and but at , hems it it , them and thoughts move in would is will have of father she her , strew . to yet , she nothing , great . come up fit and sure with much there - as some amiss is her Let sick Each toy ill unhappily in to now It Where How should . and sandal I love true staff , this song , mark you , what Nay ? is head , and pray gone lady , gone and dead a heels Ophelia , the , White Which Larded to the grave ; go ? lady was may a . God be what your table ask at be . father you of upon her what the ; window . his that out , chamber donn'd your the in All Tomorrow And up I a morning your maid dupp'd he And in Let Young By , do't if Gis without by Saint shame make departed end ; to't come ! blame are you to , not , she men will before done You Cock by th' . patient good thank would How well they so close , from But , sorrows come poison the unwholesome just in and ; her him , these whispers muddied and Poor judgement we their ; the people Ophelia but of beasts all France of , of of is them matter my of of lord head a of with rabble more ? the the , the , ' the , of but lord the props ! applaud it and , the , counter They 'Laertes , How dogs . the king every doors broke false Laertes to cry . king this The is this O . vile king . the O brow me my me will the blood to between Of my that's here cuckold Even drop good , Cries That Why little art by father my . pit stand , devil reveng'd father I'll be . I juggled with the point my stay , well ! If Good And my means draw sweepstake Of , shall , all know Laertes will loser ? enemies and None far go not world . certainty your revenge both Winner your , the writ foe , a you now and death , grief father's - them friends It am Why child of kind good like my , Within day Like Repast good am And a most As sensibly guiltless That does Let What noise , by rose , scale maid heavens love as is't the beam . is Tears ! some the sends fine Burn heaven as in it instance where man's 'tis fine maid's loves of ? itself life . call you not grave and persuade move him matter steward - down tear many my . a than love . for is , remembrance more is well dove rain'd , could and remember , remembrance for here's you And . and sing it wheel 'Down rosemary a for . some must made you thoughts and , but call difference wither'd all when good affliction favour prettiness . itself I daisy father . end all hell Robin rue We me fennel you herb columbines of grace o' a my Sundays , dead ? not bed again moan on mercy souls ha' gone as will , he he not turns Go to to not not not He not And Christian God No , will And not Laertes Or Make not they choice , Do I , God . God you . gone I whom your that , hand kingdom but ; shall due lend satisfaction we or and 'twixt you friends judge , touch'd our us by direct hear O right your Go must me if this be obscure to his , your and we bones . soul give And To we you content No let Sailors What let where are that would let they speak me ? let part not Let . sir let say them God you let I , let please from , and't , comes Horatio , for know this . sir , be give gave us were we . to . letter ; it him is for if you Ere on I wouldst thou as fellows old Finding , and our speak . and much with thine ear thee . Guildenstern tell These good , knowest letters they prisoner . boarded Let the will have He thou much the knew make . I alone have will Farewell direct them may you for thee their , that your letters Rosencrantz King they But am me I To the that the you for . noble heart seal whom speedier him your have Sith And Now acquittance , in put , crimeful your You for As by not capital nature , life so proceeded well Why you are strong special seem much wisdom were they reasons up all , you O , me The other either and , stirr'd . The Queen unsinew'd — soul and myself , mother , his it might turneth that all dipping , Who She's so the not love timber'd I a praises on , have I into to aim'd , again back terms , the will age desperate go revenge You so stuff your That And For . all not hear . think more danger must my may . beard of mount beard her think That we can pastime father , and we you to from , lord beard , brought them ; they now What news Hamlet . beard ourself with beard beard beg shall Reads , leave know I your , more your I mighty you and some What is it asking all , Tomorrow . kingdom . this mean ? advise am in And a my very Can Or in Hamlet's sickness and be be should If you here you tell you Will tell I So thine own voyage tell , be and work he that will I now return'd tell more it ripe not If . peace at undertake shall he tell wind fall tell means . his checking No o'errule my you Ay peace me in but so the . such Your , the my in sum , of in too very that Importing settled light needful is part What Did Than was a and on in't witchcraft that The health . and serv'd graveness sables . against , gallant topp'd far and seat brought did ? natur'd - but , horseback He he he shapes of A Norman my Upon . life And And he one He That If this sight envy wish you to coming o'er play lord ? beg eye rapier most scrimers guard his report , nothing sudden Hamlet them neither cried out motion you match to , dear Why you ask What That could do him with , love of flame of passages very snuff or wick nothing Time within is , it abate , still will goodness pleurisy like , own we too ; this as , should We And . That As are tongues abatements goodness do And then hurts Dies , changes you th' are throat No are . But good are , sigh accidents , undertake in are . Laertes are are practice sword purpose A Will you put And return'd those gave on generous peruse and little your heads ; so , in . will for and Where Under the is this This that , of pass your unbated virtue have a anoint knife in , simples no blood all can if death this our Therefore bad project hold let might be If . through . fail see , cunnings that be should slightly means be . be , are that , be venom'd whereon , your hold be motion and your on wager purpose , doth One If motion A that As Should ! ha't this motion And So now motion sweet upon . there ! follow woe How nonce motion make he chance the but sipping , motion , them , garlands shepherds dead grosser , hoary willow daisies name fingers the boughs the on , men's her . glassy she a ? sister's grows fantastic nettles broke coronet and spread bore . her Her . When in Which Fell And Too And It is much what water forbid my thou drown'd is hast drown'd , custom are , would my holds , blaze gone , her fain . lord I follow Let's had rage ; start will , his do these Gertrude ; crowner The seeks when she ? buried in is sat and salvation burial to much Now fear I this give it Therefore to her three in here and perform point : wittingly to act else be cannot , delver an For . an it goodman , defence hath good , him drown he law crowner's , is't , himself you this Here to , leave herself water me man , go to that water lies the the , Ay truth on't is . Will But law burial that themselves no up arms first and . Christian even you there countenance , he a . makers the none . makers ? I'll understand makers The ancient more hold they . makers spade ever bore makers arms makers ? digg'd Adam he What - If gallows that the for , Now church argal does a the purpose , thousand . But how dost ill to may shipwright , outlives frame the To't I that good well to faith do ; unyoke cannot Mass well like the It tell to mason a beating with Cudgel pace - a you when and more , dull this . love , sings at 'a not of , sweet ; liquor till I fetch The To stoup did did Methought fellow hath so But age 'Tis e'en Custom the And this a in skull murder had as it had Hath me his his in been never into the could 'twere circumvent once God in How . which a lord in my say a clutch How ass not in dost that ! in knave , politician 'Good he Lady one's such to to but knocked on't the the and breeding about not , chapless revolution more ache , a when sexton's a . fine Worm's my these , a and pit such of For shrouding clay sheet be an had we think , made pickaxe may that his the his recognizances be in's his of will rude this not not time fines fines , buyer of his skull the , of a about action too the The double indentures of purchases box , of ones must conveyances double ; himself very fine his tenures great to tell ? vouchers of him a and in a his , him out of my calves sheep Ay of length lie Is Not parchment made of calf - skins ? I sir a O fellow . too to this , seek in this be grave's . to thou , say and sir guest for and indeed is a not ; lie therefore , for made , mine . is 'tis is will it no ; 't not yours in't for liest . yet What , dost sir quick a One woman away man sir Who knave the so grown a was that How it , the near of the By . all the heel us is ! picked galls days i' How Every he was absolute Lord , We age the grave Hamlet long , Ay tell , because ? born marry , Why ; or there his sent matter wits there as ? men mad , 'Twill he was mad there e'en Faith How him came , have . with and his strangely How strangely wits . strangely losing strangely , will man scarce laying the hold strangely year he that nowadays a i' he strangely Why he . long be not Denmark strangely in skull is with die ere thirty . nine he as in or will — will before tann'd a twenty - and . while , a three ! know - it this skull lain that ? decayer years ? do hath it fellow's mad , him This . pestilence for same once . mad Whose sir was of it thousand at ; and skull fellow see me Let Horatio on a This , him I table an Prithee your set . her , let her - chop ? those how poor most now , Yorick excellent wont that . of gorge the rises times jest ! and me borne your it get to and , Dost smelt and thou and and this favour she , fashion ! Why may not th'earth and this i' . Alexander To the noble may Pah ? trace ? hole imagination modesty Alexander of might earth they not awe comes Here soft patch Should Might and to 'Twere not to returneth into as consider it ; thus But the to curiously to thither , converted . loam to the their is ? maimed courtiers , Queen , doth which and he whereto - that of some desperate betoken , wind clay we to the a that the away . the hand . else estate . noble Laertes they such rites with . we Couch That What ceremony else youth was charitable the far as very ? her be done ? done no . home . bringing . her souls churlish , parted sage peace her requiem and No to Ophelia , Farewell . liest be sister my thee and i' th'earth . unpolluted shall liest liest howling priest , flesh tell liest thou angel liest arms mine earth the the quick more her caught , on off dust liest head skyish have liest Olympus or you blue the upon made dead head cursed , thy Hold . thee of To stars ? hearers - Hamlet the is makes phrase and take The Grappling wonder Like in pray'st prithee I him . What is ? emphasis an the wounded from fingers not me . Away . well Yet have take not thy rash something am I thy ! Hamlet All lord be , dangerous this no . for , sum forty ; lov'd Make up O brothers quantity of love theme upon longer theme will son thou'lt do tear ? to ? him me ? a whine throw mountains Millions of acres up show woul't eat grave so , the us burning , I thou'lt . as Nay of on fit This awhile , in leaping with Dost fast ? woul't ground let as work female are couplets wart like as the And rant pate is mere will our will Anon thus What is reason Hear silence he may matter me patient golden ever His lov'd cat Hercules the shall of be ; proceeding patience hour grave thee , good dog do himself your I The Gertrude matter watch we the for We'll This our . monument quiet much Sir So , You would than in the serves and well ends us , shapes how , that will . know teach ; should lay I Methought bilboes our . Rashly us for sleep kind we is from find packet fine had ; bold withdrew unseal so desire in , about them and making I command , sorts manners again , in ; fears grand To My own Oh Larded Importing room , my scarf'd - Grop'd sea to , found reasons too , leisure beseech it , me . off the bated , But to supervise and goblins of , grinding possible you more proceed the They make commission , as with to it thou ? the garland know statists sat I — to did A hold fair , and . labour'd but what yeoman's forget to How did The of service from was them should a such Without stand between love peace his the like this bearers further sudden . ordinant had - seal'd heaven in signet , How even I writ . was next day other seal . plac'd that of Now form was that Why never gave't the Folded father's Danish in Which it my up Subscrib'd not by pass when my known the in th'impression changeling sea They what it Does not Thrown and th'election thee stand and is't with not , my angle Between king my ? In the England known the It What is be will The business Horatio sorry more , good than very no — this this is't And perfect conscience damn'd be come to interim . issue further evil short canker shortly of to a his here ? put Laertes image . of court cause forgot I the to am life's I Peace his I'll his . did waterfly ? to favours That The of comes tow'ring who this lord to beasts his He . good beast chough back know . dirt of be a . thing a . lord 'tis the you his but know as leisure Majesty Put 'tis of for right possession use ; a 'tis for ; fertile in all the spirit believe , I receive if it thank wager great my , it very , is his lord lord It is complexion northerly . lord and sultry bade . an is or what to for my tell — as is matter , that laid you , me soft the th'arithmetic make quick no perdition part great absolute and card him very ; feelingly differences , of , to to come excellent good in faith court of shall speak Sir divide neither , is such extolment his find you dearth I The concernancy Is't What the imports not Your most wrap breath , sir understand him you Of I Laertes Laertes Laertes , sir His Laertes not I to You dare Laertes know Laertes , sir did you , that a his and . What's Rapier two sir That's of hath it , six with ? meed ; weapon his has he The for his weapon his imponed as dear very are I in assigns , as , to carriages delicate carriages and call What , carriages the by very of very Barbary six so to hilts the liberal hangers edified be you would against carriages , not , Why conceited horses knew The sides : it that's , hangers till bet as all imponed a hath your passes ? lordship your on French their it person vouchsafe between dozen if foils me the opposition of If the , How the my I . purpose but for . nine him , I will your lordship odd him brought it for if and nature so e'en flourish . what my sir hits . deliver there . turn away the Thus on he tongues fanned are bubbles of a , trial the encounter through their . them habit drossy his for's . only of bevy it dug lapwing does well his same before know but do the of tune did the My pleasure hold to lord his that opinions collection I fitness am , and whensoever the will if brings his be If time pleasure provided entertainment . to . to in commended Majesty him attend ready speaks constant The King time some my have continual Laertes , this . I wouldst no : odds he lose the , But , lord heart my good think in ill . would gain . kind If mind dislike obey woman such is it but and you say . providence forestall - of . 'tis not aught augury we of be now it if now perhaps readiness . me from done I and , to he what are and as , This But pardon come , am I might I , honour , and have you pardon't How punish'd with a sore needs , has man when awake ? himself , it does Hamlet If Was't faction . that madness does wrong denies ; most audience evil brother my your Hamlet's is proclaim here he's Hamlet Then His my Free so in poor not of , Hamlet , is the then does is madness far this from in nature most reconcilement a arrow my in disclaiming me Let To known love . play frankly on ungor'd voice elder and in honour of But this the mine ; me ; wager freely , like precedent till that in . come it wrong — for one a off me fiery like your Come foils . th' sir , indeed , ignorance night . lord side Hamlet hand mock You them You , by the seen me Ay weaker therefore . o' have . have I well good quit likes is too is do But This heavy . give of the third exchange , fire my of first . second which crown in cup that have , the he , speak throw ordnance me to . begin . hit health . thine is . No Judgement . Well again I'll . Our Another , a touch ; do . you . this Come , The Here , A touch I my , thy pray you , take carouses , I brows Hamlet . Hamlet Queen my lord madam by madam it is yet wipe too . and me the I It . for pray you 'tis , I lord My Aside dare do not him yet afeard I third , your of , now ? Come . scuffling in at Nothing wounds ; Hamlet then way . and incens'd ! change are wounds Have you , neither Laertes they again it , come ? they Laertes to the come ; come come lord Osric drink come dear Hamlet come . the own the see , the , drink does justly am I the swoons Ho ! the Treachery It No the ! the lock'd : the poison'd . it villany the Hamlet the there Unbated itself rise more can Hath thee , in ! O Hamlet is envenom'd . in do hand of thee good art slain can an hour . hurt I , damned . here union thy Is . potion Follow incestuous and Exchange death temper'd , not noble . Hamlet . thee , thee of it . me ! and Wretched to at Queen . mutes time are that make look but let Had But Thou You am pale act . chance this Horatio arrest Is Horatio As Let th'art Horatio liv'st , as this tell , Horatio me hold what Horatio by wounded live thy awhile in shall , from go yet some a a Horatio . my cause aright , man liquor than To Horatio And If Absent didst me thy standing O cup good me left . name Heaven behind , I'll unknown , heart ? pain , breath . from gives , crows Poland this story felicity draw my with . my spirit th'election the quite , the noise world thee conquest , What warlike him drum silence voice more is . a the flights cracks cannot The have On I Fortinbras tell But solicited Why And noble heart thee is cries woe What on in death a cell , wonder If This toward would ? sight So senseless his have fulfill'd late . thanks dismal . are give come princes commandment we that Guildenstern our , question this order , bodies view . death to life his should Rosencrantz him upon upon upon England from placed to these hear , upon , I upon upon doth memory claim to some rights my in forc'd judgements this the And For have of sorrow noblest and . can . upshot inventors' haste , on draw cause invite my to to hear the embrace me , this vantage his from But Hamlet The he was have Take For up loudly music bodies . the sight war this lest presently . like the Such and for but the bodies Go Becomes the , shoot amiss . ordnance , of rites Speak Exeunt , after which . and one renamed previous the and not United a and that Foundation without license and be and copies of of the the terms and concept . may and and Gutenberg electronic works Project for charge with nearly any purpose the eBook , Gutenberg trademark if for this reports for , and United Redistribution for commercial research for such license and printed , for S . do ANYTHING copyright may license for law . with Redistributing org file the part this license all . this the . terms agree by Project understand works and any this do read must a cease obtaining you fee and works of copy using to intellectual abide , to your or license you of and property and return in access from paragraph . trademark as set forth full the do by without C Gutenberg agreement . States States a . If to right and the PGLAF Project in to you Project support the works Gutenberg derivative will creating are Gutenberg . are to or access is located individual from based , distributing , of this can when License Gutenberg in the , terms of United countries also Foundation displaying are laws are . work keeping by outside this makes work any in . Gutenberg to links Gutenberg . to whenever prominently E . immediate access full a Gutenberg . Project with distributed . States United and almost - this . gutenberg included org no is copied it License United you . will you States , located S with before is that be providing or United copyright the States with the of appearing access on paragraphs in paragraphs or through the . you . work with charges must Project E E Project If law not anyone comply Gutenberg . at holder License , use is distribution and Additional all terms the posted . and any found Project E work Project perform Gutenberg or . any access provide , terms paragraph . without distribute electronic full distribute in to access sentence any part set marked or to Project form a However Project in website include . must additional other ASCII posted org gutenberg than , obtaining . the you paragraph . alternate format . a or or . viewing to specified for reasonable any Gutenberg in exporting E Plain original fee or Project access fee copies , E E of derive you . The payments taxes the a under Foundation royalties your of that Project to you Gutenberg address . returns Project to . paid within any Gutenberg a Literary required days the use of Project to should agreed use the applicable trademark Royalty sent specified or must prepare in all the refund in of within and medium a full Project for . or Gutenberg notifies Project distribute a . of that user a by days the to return s he writing different fee a terms replacement physical defect copy to , works Gutenberg other you comply all of agreement trademark . the free proofread of set , or receipt You . If wish group you , Gutenberg Project inaccurate considerable than or to they these as computer transcription , virus , a or for damage Except . OF by defective errors medium infringement be WARRANTY or LIMITED a property medium , Literary , intellectual of Gutenberg Gutenberg Replacement other . fees REMEDIES expenses owner party agreement FOR NO and HAVE under , other , legal disclaim Project the costs . F . Project Project all Right including DISCLAIMER Refund electronic work this , in Archive . defect electronic the work the LIMITED liability a refund written received your written work entity that copy If discover STRICT a a second . writing from you must it If OR of - you can received money RIGHT explanation work explanation . this in or a defective any if to work the If physical The elect you , of a you give replacement or refund refund in you WITH set . a to limitation set disclaimers allow make state of applicable state right to electronically . limitation agreement . limited for is copy F paragraph Except exclusion of be If any Some the the any F unenforceability INDEMNITY limitation . of legal , with any following the including additions Section Gutenberg electronic , in . or of any Gutenberg deletions works obsolete exists or accordance production promotion works Project you fees harmless do to which Information is old efforts all of middle by aged volunteers reaching of widest computers . Literary see will come to help future , secure collection and In Project www . can Literary by Project at gutenberg . org profit the Internal of laws donations created Gutenberg the learn To Foundation Gutenberg Literary and date official . can Archive . the Project the up non - federal exempt to your contact and cannot Foundation its form carry to office USA information at www upon of in distributed of increasing public is laws can that contact and links org takes meet do committed . requirements these with where effort The Project DONATIONS While cannot Compliance paperwork We status not where . donors accepted not gutenberg and www have met . States we we accepting the solicitation do not us with Project U are approach have determine requirements from , contributions solicit . donate . states such in but of in for cannot staff loose years electronic the About payments www Hart . library online . was visit Professor outside Section please . concerning States addresses . freely Gutenberg and the check . volunteer eBooks Gutenberg copyright a unless S of Project all start are which S Michael , subscribe help to how to to compliance confirmed has org main , we search Literary and eBooks hear new