Who's . unfold answer Stand most upon twelve Stand struck come Stand You Stand Stand For Stand a , of rivals , Horatio . guard night and them haste is there Marcellus ho . If them watch Stand to Friends to liegemen I I think farewell Barnardo O has Give soldier you good night honest , Give Welcome , Holla piece A Barnardo , With not dreaded this That He Touching And What , has have let will Horatio have the again speak entreated 'tis says I of minutes this , approve Tush let Sit What tush eyes 'twill once us may awhile again against nights sit of , of that's beating then star us Well we Barnardo his , the King thee Look it where ; scholar figure — myself , the ? bell The same King harrows like Thou break Peace In it the me to this and of thee form . Horatio is and . heaven . time of with Together art ? it Question It Stay march ! Horatio think and it away ! answer fantasy avouch this ! you sensible and not believe pale ? on't , You What not now How ! th'ambitious once , very thou it God not ! He 'Tis When was the Norway armour to he Such Of So As frown'd smote at I my ; combated . knows the ice dead this jump , strict and me our work to and subject and such And nightly same down sit Good impress foreign So , Why why for the be What Why such toils eruption cannon ; sore the labourer Doth not divide joint that with me . last haste week war whose from implements tell observant brazen of of that watch : this is't Does At Thereto to Dar'd this on by and law by ratified forfeit Which the with side ; by know image Did Well by For the Whose even of you as gaged , to by world esteem'd , which seiz'd , our inheritance ; sir design'd other lands , heraldry his stood Against To skirts a list of lawless hot carriage Was been unimproved For And terms to stomach well hand , land head it take , our , rummage - haste but e'en , lands I chief sort watch question these wars King watch . mind's watch A watch ere high is is was watch squeak and trains stars Did As watch with gibber stood the little the may watch think it armed to graves The In A it mote sun preceding omen the moist stands events , on the the and dews streets blood star , dead Roman of . comes again ! where , climatures behold though any sound blast and our prologue harbingers precurse doomsday , it countrymen , demonstrated coming . me privy Speak to or country's may foreknowing happily Which thee , O thou to . to ! in earth , womb the speak thy , speak , walk with ? partisan death me to , ease and it Marcellus stand . here , if my life hast uphoarded ! do To the , so , it started , lofty a Upon the Th'extravagant and god truth or his trumpet I spirit the made And , in hies . a . the is then It Awake Doth , cock Whether To his confine of sea This fairy hallow'd , say object , earth singeth is spirit that 'gainst ever our bird then Some The nights are and , in in dare strike charm clad it to stir ; to russet time no hath part hill by mantle my planets so , wholesome heard , nor witch is power , him advice believe life with shall we in shall pray , most ? seen my speak , befitted us memory Though bear , The yet Where we I do't be To be so hearts Together with sometime jointress Th'imperial Yet we our , With In wisdoms For , on ourselves now warlike joy him nature , queen equal With Now Taken mirth to a be advantage of bonds his of death , frame brother's our you weak by with ourself the , To Who impotent Norway Thus this nephew's bed uncle business and father this of those message him : scarcely have of for , law here , purpose in full time for all this writ scope the personal to no ; To CORNELIUS good Out You and we allow than power . articles commend that : Cornelius his Of and all doubt now And told of some reason heartily . is't , Laertes , the beg duty our show nothing , it suit throne wouldst What hand is head not of wouldst offer to not , with farewell Laertes , mouth the of though To now And shall . speak be not You Have bow thoughts From show you , my hard at will By hath your , lord My I must Your Take I Yet little more than graces go me What says Polonius , thine son ; spend that A do Laertes , clouds . you look cast thy , I the kin hang i' the kind off , colour dust lids Denmark , it father noble thy , eye not Good my for Ay Seek And 'tis through it is cloak river suspiration of solemn my 'Tis Why Passing so of I eternity to nature madam it of a that have ; of grief the in me moods , mother , madam thee not , black , Nay not alone suits good the These man might play woe ; survivor the lost father a and To trappings shows seem Hamlet of indeed suits , bound ; which I his , filial do It any what A shows impious his Why will stubbornness father must know a heart his obligation his duties for sorrow lost , and father , his a unmanly to heaven some . course his a , know 'tis a hath , he whose still his to sense , 'Tis . in we reason As the An For Take Is From the of fathers , and , we simple should absurd our most Fie is and , that you of world of father immediate dead peevish fault to cried to us your For in and beseech that are This must death first so which to impart with pray died earth , throw intent you , and our desire Wittenberg bears for take , her school you comfort go obey best my 'tis Why a , reply ; Hamlet and loving of , clouds shall tell a . Wittenberg fair , and gentle with in all to that heart my But This ourself . melt away grace of , whereof Denmark drinks in Come a fix'd ! this , mother her to satyr so that so to unweeded an rank it fie uses of into solid flesh all itself resolve the self me ! dead excellent he might merely - slaughter , O God gross the stale 'gainst , seed . to on't , Possess I , Fie A Niobe , Let what , That Visit not beteem . she is woman ! she even name father's she discourse of reason , most no those poor my that Within mine to tears month my uncle unrighteous come must your nor O the to brother ; but to It to She married in most . With is , my to to incestuous sheets good . you poor , my servant same Horatio to And my to name with , Horatio lord what very you Marcellus ? make you from , But I , disposition your , faith Good so . truant violence say — sir that affair see you report funeral . Wittenberg , own know your I do it my think came - your drink is make To The in bak'd foe tables . king Horatio my Where my methinks seen my Horatio coldly I furnish forth day my . in . all goodly like for a . him Who , King ? deliver a attent Season gentlemen . may I ear King my father , your my My lord an my With love on , exactly point my , like night father march with stately at before slow their my cap A and and Marcellus together This Upon my encounter'd his to them , eyes . gentlemen , watch , your ; not , both , and . good by oppress'd truncheon's and surprised distill'd ; time watch where was are . deliver'd they impart secrecy the , lord not I : and did methought ? it where platform speak to we you Did And motion sound morning cock at none lord My none very even to Itself none we To And As And none Indeed none , you indeed Hold the , in down 'tis none , haste the none BARNARDO but do say Both ? lord from Arm'd My yes saw top not my . you , toe to he in my , From you lord lord . head to . foot his beaver fix'd upon . up . like would I ? Pale or Nay his . you hundred . BARNARDO Not no . saw't grizzled , longer . a Stay'd tell ? A , will it was I If warrant Perchance you . noble , all , life will walk . pray hell 'twill tenable conceal'd you it watch tonight my it have else understanding I will requite your , it hold you I'll Let me speak bid And an duty . farewell you . well , night o'erwhelm would the men's , not well . foul will as sister convoy sleep winds embark'd not you from soul : play , some My And Forward For a perfume not , Hamlet a the Do fashion and trifling doubt you And is in violet , The A nature crescent no not Think In it No more of , sweet permanent more No but so ? temple besmirch fear , must you but will , may He For himself ; to his birth : waxes and you loves mind ; now his is health of on be circumscrib'd ; depends choice ; do his ; Then and his he open songs . further ; sister treasure list Denmark ; voice weigh the his , or saying main If Or And with your credent which no and : youth . dew buttons the before the Contagious wary morn safety most be the prodigal beauty calumnious of danger rear brother my near . lesson none and blastments shall not as , though But thorny heaven enough in else do and rede his and ungracious pastors to dalliance path imminent . fear this good itself rebels of . good , way th'effect the the O long Laertes blessing recks steep to libertine , But here . own not aboard of . few . too is a second a me ; sail blessing , There in Occasion A double I Yet thou Nor thou friends character for shoulder , leave thy precepts the thy these Look thou hast thy quarrel may beware of . thee being comrade . but , unfledg'd palm soul familiar you And in his tongue by thoughts , thy thy but , their no means entertainment , few thy steel of hoops with . in lord thee to the my it This humbly must then The and do your servants tend . it , man , go lock'd to remember well said , my Ophelia keep , shall in What , yourself memory my I have you hath touching If You that it of private , you 'Tis your be in And So not caution to Marry bethought , you , circumstance speak You Do Affection What As way . green you should a as me , Unsifted his my Of behoves do understand daughter ? affection me up truth many the you you Pooh ! believe , of think perilous know I'll Which Or lord me with love the a phrase ; importun'd hath tender ; tenders yourself you teach not not , fashion ; My he , you are — That Running With ; all springes vows tongue ; how woodcocks , holy his vows of , speech ; making , is maiden rate , soul know , forth . young is tether . with , Look . time show they , suits and of sanctified to , Have to't I bites is to give As or charge shall What It air season . lord does the his upspring swaggering and held . then draughts trumpet thus down out bray Rhenish . marry Ay a though am a is custom native here , other revel headed in heavy traduc'd than , born , of with phrase takes it swinish our of achievements pith oft some birth , his origin , not particular reason , them in attribute height guilty , men defect — that of be or the they men in mole of By Or The else As Shall Doth , my His Being Fortune's . fault general as the , man they infinite virtues form say , comes of dram of scandal own To Look of ! grace ! substance lord shape charitable blasts goblin tell sepulchre in but , steel , hearsed why cerements in thy Be I That Thou will , father to thee . bones canoniz'd , burst Dane corse dead Hath To thou burst saw his , beyond this As It why to and we the this jaws in may mean , marble and ponderous glimpses of complete , it of do ? Wherefore we fools reaches beckons Wherefore you if To it not you Look it you Wherefore with waves No , to But by will Wherefore . no not means impartment Wherefore desire did courteous with should do Wherefore lord the pin's ; to . go speak Do , I And the , a be ; my thing toward summit I'll flood the his your That draw And if waves you deprive there very puts , to might And looks so That Without it fathoms to the . thee follow me roar place I'll , motive o'er some of desperation of Think every lord my And more Be rul'd ; body . nerve . Nemean lion's Still And As makes heaven hardy My shall your shall not Hold off you out petty Unhand each fate cries in this me with a ! am I is state him to direct To thus . issue , will . of He 'tis what the . this Denmark him let's I'll Mark ? When My Must I me will up I , shall but ghost serious . unfold to thy bound , render sulph'rous come myself Pity , hear thou to , shalt the fast of crimes term father's when I not me To Speak art am thy certain day away a start stars soul unfold whose But in to eyes burnt Would two up locks each particular and I thy like hair upon freeze ; prison eternal blood Like thy and Make tell and foul of combined done confin'd tale blazon must list O young lightest that days nature , forbid am house from Thy If ! and ever his , strange the unnatural Murder most unnatural , know't to that most foul the my love . is revenge of , Hamlet . in ease in Wouldst by stung me May meditation As sweep to apt in that me forged so process thou Now . sleeping , wharf this ; father's youth death my sting his . O Now that but thee out Rankly A duller shouldst abus'd serpent , a thou given The uncle uncle , noble ! adulterate to - queen , uncle vow decline will mov'd uncle a of , uncle in a radiant ; even off power gifts uncle lust of , incestuous O Hamlet of seduce virtuous shameful . dignity the his that have seeming in as and gifts it virtue whose whose , court lewdness But The in With And Holds distilment . hour of such swift with And porches cursed the scent . garbage on prey stole ; I methinks be leperous enmity That thin And The Most The and - with sleeping smooth tetter instant like lazar Of of , like droppings and vile with with with Taint with No , in off with Against to and To thy couch hast With the my O the not all If thou horrible thy not those thorns that the , you heaven instant my , Hold not fie O me be . contrive heaven fire once near to bosom leave Fare in to well earth , old thee ! all alone ; past ? fond copied , my by heaven , word ; Now . adieu , 'Adieu is , I you MARCELLUS lord . and him . Heaven . Within it So Illo , Hillo my boy ho ho , Lord lord , come ! noble news is't my ? ho Within O How say you then Nor , heart and heaven , ne'er us an a Ay But of lord . by I . secret ? MARCELLUS my man HORATIO , be my tell ; more circumstance . arrant in knave this i' the from all lord , you and , villain he's grave all : own we I'll you right , without shall you words and that business man I'll ; wild but I'm , Saint Patrick too I'll , offend you your as are Look every it and they I'll There's , I'll I'll These I'll And heartily there me soldiers me I'll one , that let tell . faith . Touching Give As your an Yes by poor now scholars , friends , I not In my . indeed , already lord my Nay we , lord Upon . stage my boy this you , We , my , I Swear so sayst Indeed Art to , you seen . lord thou Consent , Never Swear . that have shift you again by Propose Hic Never speak the to this our my sword old friends so . th'earth remove Swear more speak Swear of hands et your hither that my strange ? good give things a this . heard . meet think myself But shake , never — mercy — shall , me to list 'If Or With by arms , we at put strange , are of , never this - would' doubtful giving me at to note if need they . come I before dreamt are Here 'Well As That , and grace you Rest , Beneath aught help not to out Swear gentlemen , right cursed go Hamlet me . my do willing And time ever , go to . poor shall Nay The is let's And perturbed love I do commend to you ; on , Reynaldo . born . it spite , lord this marvellous Of You will I how Enquire Marry well , said , what did Look Paris they , and where first , do this By know 'twere , And As — as That in But Ay they company And , and who at encompassment your particular what expense ; you my his touch of , so To companions wanton marry and ' please dishonour I , What and well he's heed of so ; wild , may ; him so , part Addicted lord , must not another . are Ay Faith As A not That's The . of faults so ; unreclaimed You no Quarrelling the meaning flash the Wherefore I would this good my they he the That the the And , I the Ay the that my here's a sullies soil'd converse a Mark little in , the . the , consequence ' ; would i' th' warrant , sir believe a 'twere party ever Your As The youth He with ; and country lord , my , did — say Where marry , know t'other gentleman , See of you now , you say advice . truth ; not well you you have fare lord . reach assays wisdom carp . my Good you , my lord . the , I shall him Well what's God matter Ophelia , Alas With And How now , Farewell unbrac'd foul'd ankle . my stockings purport , chamber , before in so , he loosed had he of if Pale And No do , said he thy been love What for ? hard and but truly me hell horrors Mad out To Then My not He lord I falls end done shatter piteous it his rais'd being . That over He And He And his way he without went , light his , waving thus sigh to so seem find bended o' out go This last , eyes . the all me , love of I . is And For And As afflict but as command words sorry me help their his . undertakings under their passion . any you , my good His did What leads Whose oft given him I heaven of to ; his that him meant To have , not quoted wreck it discretion lack More This I hide might , King sort move , and , being to utter . provoke you inward be put , him you of I days to to , unknown within of remedy glean . gather court both with humour , himself youth up . his brought entreat and afflicts occasion lies from on pleasures you our , companies you living , hope thanks . remembrance profit gentry adheres he much so by him little open'd , hath us talk'd thus him our of . more he whom gentlemen much with are it us , to sovereign command of awhile full bent and visit of and . you . and Guildenstern , and practices good . my Are from and changed bring Heavens our him and , hold my my this soul news good else or God my not Hunts do joyfully , return'd my good lord . Assure I it very the been hast still Both hold Have I As to I speak of queen . long to fruit your hath . doubt and me tells The Thyself shall to my source is we sift o'erhasty other and shall that . our Well He do of what , Welcome , our fair , sent to the To death father's Polack him , brief sends Norway borne your ; he ; which he in more Majesty of arms Norway from Receives so falsely That Gives hand age whereat and never , griev'd found truly impotence arrests , fine . fee employ crowns thousand for dominions therein are of you please an So Whereon To give him three old And at our more think this together time for your us entreaty such As it Answer Go And might That On It Meantime This liege is day , we to thank rest but let but true . and soul to But , 'tis I with for to is pity I , it 'tis , art . madness is time the is ; brief tediousness be Your outward that use figure 'tis all A And , pity . cause by mine Perpend mark , thus remainder the Hath Who a remains this For it have given my soul's , obedience gather , cause effect — Ophelia most ; beautified . is no . the for I of this , she comes this and surmise vile — idol Now , That's , this . and , from to her ; Hamlet thou that to a doth fire have I love be truth Doubt Doubt But whilst the ill dear daughter , liar are . reckon Adieu , this most , most I I at , him , move be . faithful , show'd his best solicitings . means art it place to not believe to and , machine , of But man so this But I perceiv'd had I Before As my fain I seen , your desk , winking me . you hath of faithful think love on might a What must what went thus upon my I If my had Or What That 'Lord Admit be daughter the , took fruits And prince mistress play'd dear I ? from repulsed she my you it No lock I did ' gave : to . dumb , think , star of a weakness declension , by a , her to into , should is And a This she receive precepts . advice make — resort , ' very time positively have may It I that , it prov'd me When such been know be said so , know ? that ''Tis otherwise the we it the be will were indeed So he may Here in me encounter from Mark the not But my an he If does At and no We Away board keep Let , I O . will be And does my where him Well I'll But ? lord . fishmonger I well Do - me give , you a , presently , to , honest Excellent You . is one are , goes as Then I my this my , thousand very sun the sir walk Have you , sun maggots my lord lord carrion true , How me For not . And ; my him words was is , on . He . a . as not to't my a blessing , but much suffered Friend . he ? thick that wit men lord lack of read my lord , who you words matter the is ? lord matter honesty have slave that sir their says wrinkled faces the mean the that I - sir their ; weak tree , Slanders potently you Aside , that out happiness prosperously could are should hold it not as , All they though it a powerfully you like thus . crab in't set . the my the Into air be delivered yet madness of . pregnant which . and lord I that I , is lord , not Aside take , he life my , will from most meeting hits will leave him and daughter my lord my except fools Lord to go . honoured good My Polonius tedious the there Guildenstern dear How how thou ! Ah ? happy very the we not - button children we excellent . Good lads dost lord My On Fortune's in ! the cap friends ; her she strumpet . shoe Then of parts the Then secret her . lord What doomsday None waist , about is Faith , privates ; true her the news most we . O , world's true hither one , wards ? that but my , in Denmark so is . worst being so thinking it you there Then think then , then it makes Which dreams I your infinite , God Why to 'tis none not for To ; for the that is good . for there ; have of shadow dream I ; light monarchs , our beggars' we court For GUILDENSTERN you and our and th' wait Then shadows . indeed merely so outstretch'd , for But I a but is itself dream A Truly speak such the you in like will way dear thanks , make no , but I thank free lord Is even my a dreadfully Elsinore ? sent speak , nay a my rest most friendship sort , lord say to the . Come ? in . my it visitation ? you you . Come ; your know end , my the of . What with your it confession . must by looks , enough ever charge , love of let King which me by direct what you by a , for and our What . of . you My off . me discovery I have moult my we eye shall ; tell , but late of this exercises goodly and Nay I will Guildenstern To you air you feather me sterile this of congregation in action is , this beauty pestilent fire brave , golden to other What . most , no faculties , dust smiling delights of thing a angel the stuff ; express and with , a goes look , fretted how to a no in said I when , delight not if lord shall , are they He plays receive and Majesty . what man use be laugh Man me you the Why there you offer you to welcome me Even and shall of shall welcome coted on lover peace ; shall the target end — his his o' th' ; welcome have foil in tragedians reputation the welcome of the — are freely his welcome or in welcome shall ? blank halt innovation the ? followed did , such city for't those comes it aerie , keeps in tyrannically endeavour their of eyases goose , little No it the children Do estimation they ? when I was in city the scarce them are on there , Will question sir not they Will — they say as many come players sing ? so the are most them if the common no most longer grow against do to they rapiers quality , bid unless tarre than themselves are pursue they has there , if their them no better — their writers succession own sides for went was ; on the . away his about it . and of picture if in Denmark , little , out than There in are you , while uncle lord . my not strange a is to ducats hundred fifty something garb outward there the . and of , Gentlemen this fairly mad lest , and , baby come see Well but north - hawk hearer clouts an man is was My lord I right will , buzz . hither come I twice is second the of to he's Happily prophesy to , have , for he a players . an actor in you indeed Rome . ass — pastoral - on honour my . or individable tragical comedy for pastoral heavy world comical - pastoral unlimited tragical historical too tragedy , my each , thou had he ! the the , men , history historical poem ? Jephthah , no and — more my , treasure a what 'One Am you call my . The which he loved passing I a well lord th' old not love daughter have I , row masters O . I . like God , Why then and the , welcome last piece lady of cracked . in friend , welcome your old all abridgement my thee are . by uncurrent all . us you when well face What , I like if , taste , speech speech speak But the , general e'en a , once . the speech straight remember I I lord passionate Come . French heaven Pray , was as , be We'll of judgements well affectation , nor said the such , a my Come quality have a never , down honest fine and , that in sallets , slaughter of speaks , digested in speech phrase the were no one remember heard , play not above I . cunning author especially where savoury whose , loved he 'Twas but in matter of and is he couched he lay Pyrrhus heraldry With chiefly very by much at not his Black The . Priam's than tale line this to Dido and their and hellish and , wrath and good , and with and spoken short Greeks finds him His where it and ; wide antique of rage accent , grandsire o'ersized Old Repugnant Priam to Th'unnerved God Anon his the base on i' th'air milky with , seem'd , his to Stoops Seeming reverend blow blow Then wind , command . strikes , falls sword , still blow top fell his Ilium a blow Pyrrhus head his , with and whiff this tyrant often see his blow , new the so did blow hush The blow Doth With On Out bowl Break As your Prithee of hill . or sleeps he — long is with a ; or on of tale down barber's come jig down beard bawdry Hecuba . say down This the for He's That's down Say . down down that threat'ning is With late About 'Gainst had blanket barefoot bisson the in the instant have Would Unless mincing if would th'alarm lank up the flames . steep'd venom in have did gods with where , this his mortal milch passion you not has he things out you the will After you your well her eyes soon — them ill . My used . they man ? more . according desert , them . Take . bounty sirs , friends , him Follow Dost me is your man their his and tomorrow The lord play We'll merit them them use after desert your I or old night ha't . would hear thou lines would We'll You my , Ay dozen would you would which , Rosencrantz To would well would that my b' rogue monstrous soul eyes and a dream visage in's all aspect all alone am , slave I , wan'd conceit nothing Hecuba he cue weep Hecuba Tears in to With he the ? the Had should his so in his ? or to do , stage for Hecuba amaze of ignorant , He faculties muddy Hecuba motive him forms and drown indeed speech ; Hecuba ear Hecuba for Hecuba to the guilty - dreams defeat Hecuba across ? Hecuba would horrid a life in my , ears . for ? peak , my of unpregnant , Am not mettled , and with general eyes nothing was made does , rascal me off Plucks , pigeon should lungs the fatted offal slave's , should what of a , brave this take - I villain calls me beard , Oh am I With Must a ! A my whore brain cursing I upon't like ! by treacherous an to like scullion About And guilty , fall a Bloody kindless scene have at of a cunning it have struck , Have sitting their murder observe If spirit my tent For a my most , though I'll have no malefactions the . I'll looks his of I'll have father perhaps have but players speak I'll seen , spirits melancholy , and potent me of I'll power , drift I'll I'll As is he harshly you by and all puts Wherein T'assume of can dangerous of sounded , feels he confess does with But we Get Nor bring him on state confession , told him , joy about to assay Did our in , him fell him to night beseech'd me Majesties . to most they think . it , on did , doth inclin'd a him give hear he ; content matter see entreat already delights We shall , him my all With heart ; and and so gentlemen his , To Good Sweet , father so gather may and ourselves as frankly judge no may hither , Hamlet , lawful that myself , his or wish do be part seeing , by too , here , Ophelia Affront bestow If't That We Madam here , That your him wildness bring I beauties ourselves bestow Ophelia We Your loneliness . much 'Tis will too . oft that , a , plastering it , true thing my my heavy . word helps ! to ugly cheek beautied that too my lord painted 'tis lash Is 'tis take to The And by in of a — suffer the with , sleep consummation end troubles say natural to question to outrageous nobler not opposing and against the die sleep them arrows be or Whether be , to Or heart - end mind we , the , and spurns , time , a , and proud the quietus bear something would fardels , takes life The delay what death dreams may come respect There's the life whips . makes wrong the the of would oppressor's of dispriz'd merit patient he of the , of of cast pale cowards those , and awry hue we native that whose , turn Soft pith returns ills we ? have will the does to us , many well well . well . in currents Nymph remember'd this ; you have day orisons now great regard ! honour , Ophelia thy my never No That pray , gave of you so them remembrances to longed My My have lord thank yours deliver . mind unkind ? breath , noble lord givers honest , lost ; rich more ; these Ha , Are means your admit ? than better lord than beauty . lordship have , sometime lord of will beauty , did with sooner our ? loved believe so the now once deceived I , my not thou with borne me . breeder a I for ; the . accuse than very such or of shape , to to Go play the fool ways crawling beck could ; honest arrant What are it were Why wouldst more such as give had but , your Where's , better to them ? Let doors be dost , as house . lord none . earth and thy father my , you in's upon nunnery . home O I'll : marry thou the fool and your God's , restore quickly snow give pure well paintings , marriages O nunnery for go men wise , farewell Or , this plague for wilt you Farewell what heavenly yourselves Those , another the ; will , I'll make too , and no creatures shall rest more . well . is , of that it keep more what , scholar's mind as made married . a . all nunnery , honey observers , deject eye are you I , say your already your wantonness sword tongue , fair quite of and out feature and harsh . youth is . form that suck'd I Th'observ'd seen what with I Love what not . though madness I which like he Blasted His ? Thus And bells sweet That Was O'er objects of he shall for and prevent the tribute heart him beating countries , England : thus on't . shall Whereon From set be I down demand Haply heard You not The himself puts But . his speed to ? not in please fit love commencement of his grief , please with entreat be her , plac'd his Your I'll But his so all . grief wisdom shall him , ear , him Madness We And be queen show Let To best be ones shall It great ; or she their in , you but give it , smoothness - Nor . all say thus spoke mouth pray crier , as of gently whirlwind the as temperance if I lines as . O of many I as it , o'erdoing it warrant I as have as may as to capable robustious a may - town beget the , noise Be most would out - word your your word not let the purpose , make it though pressure her playing is the that is and to judicious off of now , overdone show the was her own feature ; theatre heard Nature's neither pagan we it reform themselves than more too , the now hear this Go be speak will them the ready . presently of ? my that piece Queen the players too King Will We , Horatio sweet at ! just as cop'd conversation dear should thee what Nay think pomp , knee , good the hope flatter . man To thrift crook the ? Why but thy lick candied pregnant dear may the follow mistress of poor absurd her hast are blessed those fawning fawning be ? fawning ? fawning - fawning . much King heart fawning . for thanks equal that for men my soul seal'd As fawning one , judgement not passion's what Hath in man A Hast she slave please are so And pipe a and and a soul . heart this circumstance , death - my If . the thee , comment heedful judgements both is Do Which not damned aught his we one , speech occulted ; note his . as in his ; Ophelia , join seeming my we mine steal 'scape Get , flourish . fares Guildenstern cousin to Rosencrantz How I dish the coming detecting Enter are A march the play . others the . so capons eat these : are not . and Queen I idle mine , actor . feed you say , i' ? My ; play'd words Capitol calf . patience upon ? so I i' ? th' capital kill'd was you . me enact accounted What That enact I Caesar ready . of Julius , lord Ay Come mother attractive No ? lap your meant country nothing , my to my is What between I mean , lord . matters ? lord , think are , Who , What , my a your how , lord my months hours should died father man Ay mother cheerfully my - my looks ! maker two I lord , merry ? wear churches great ! two the twice man's he on horse embracing O , 'For epitaph Nay heavens may then - horse build die let , whose is makes upon neck a him him , devil black and or the Queen down comes a bank and fellow and , he , passionate , leaves finds with The . takes , Enter seeing him and and Queen show lovingly forgot is else shall ' ! awhile Marry this is What , the my Mutes in the King's again , mallecho lord it . the ? of argument show , miching this , any You naught are or this Neptune's to stooping Is 'Tis a Full thirty salt thirty commutual As gone , moon be so ere most bands hands our done , and sacred Hymen twelve and , hearts have you are love did the may So us again Now as Where So Make count o'er from Yet love in nothing your and or hath , I is are : behind shalt , thou Honour'd shalt and in For belov'd live leave I And you , do as leave in breast accurst the rest husband treason confound needs , functions love great , thee And Faith My powers this one first my ! bed in me I The respects second we my break . oft to , believe When second husband I is we do what do fruit Purpose But wed , unripe they unshaken 'tis ourselves But To Which The to Their own for grieves either passion what passion violence of purpose grief in birth Of Where fall The love down question our even That Grief joy , ending themselves doth on ; with or most slender nor enactures to enemies ; second husband run own , of fortune doth . dead is lord nor light , day turn me ours think That orderly and our thou wilt first begun I do , devices to want who And thy So But still ends none no food me scope , hope , thy our , heaven my trust to earth are Our thoughts wed that and a widow pursue the prison my she in face of ! beguile . it would fain be lasting , once . If , play you twain much her word methinks this thy ? world ; there keep poison , she'll jest . of i' th' : you no Lucianus unwrung touches name This do you Is no his what us . work it , a You This we are is I and , if I . is ? how Vienna a Gonzago in , see between dallying love , and . to see damnable are take , murderer croaking . my you good your a , are doth ; no of ban mixture hands Hecate's begin . rank drugs dire , magic His collected seeing creature midnight blasted , and , faces mistake your husbands — Thoughts Thou Confederate , extant wholesome written in murderer He frighted rises You how . play some away feathers if with and , sir fortunes not some must ; of must light lights , weep . All turn , Would The watch hart let ungalled go deer the Horatio ghost's a For thou dost know one very Half I might Jove , very I'll very and dismantled , Of very — perceive my note the very . very . the Upon Ah Why ! For very well the , perdie it with history . comedy ? him the recorders . not likes vouchsafe Sir my I did ha — what King , me Come in Ay sir ? a sir him ? word sir distempered The his , should No Is drink my With , would him the . spirit , hath not to me . welcome courtesy , make , to commandment ; not lord your are not answer my of business you to affliction this The . if you you a please me , wholesome you answer Therefore I or matter behaviour your to shall , says Sir , lord ? rather My as — mother answer to go sequel , sir say such ? mother times in closet you admiration ! is bed Have a that , of this , do what you did me love these cause deny distemper You to your of if She desires Good How . the Denmark the when Sir , advancement of ? the I voice grows see grass , but recover recorders , lord And upon Ay can my be your own liberty sir . that Will this too upon you cannot , you musty a drive — if proverb , me would you . too my lord O the Let to , not know easy no I Believe my and discourse most not your . have utterance mouth your , harmony any , touch lying ventages these you of it breath with : know is mystery me thumb eloquent But you ; these look unworthy skill to would ; now and cannot yet , my it , would Queen God pipe much there be to you fret the yonder almost shape you , my on played than speak Call play and cannot . a like , it mother Methinks a — and my to . bent — and I . easily the to this world . Now blood out top will hell I breathes night could very I by by quake O Let me be thy such say . my not . firm ; bitter Contagion And enter this hypocrites . ever unnatural her , do look on . and witching the shent . consent , soul and To My speak of as let in soul my not his range I And you , none be , but with along shall our of , England will . Therefore so Out many keep To live The he estate lunacies provide is doth may not . Majesty bound is . With The from upon spirit keep single strength 'noyance armour much the depend a highest , majesty rest life your feed and you I ; King we For Arm ; the the ; as Behind the going audience than it tax should my you ere . tell you upon vantage some that the you meet my It like a the be Pray curse . to , go I . bed lord my offence brother's A , in neglect . where man pause wash it as rain prayer down Then we ere snow visage this O being is My fault Or thicker both stand not pardon'd turn ? to fall , look am did since pardon'd effects cannot mine oft Offence's May crown My those serve That my the twofold force my me which for may currents . shuffling no the is In the one , be corrupted and of by ourselves so prize justice not ; lies above action can What one cannot repent . assay of steel , free as death be ! born babe revenge . send , flush save knows blown I am full , father blown I sole , father blown hire , blown thought his more a or ; pleasure ; heels blown his whereto And blown , Then That been lay straight Grace screen'd to go below heaven remain . to him bear with , here . mother . not . mother me , Fear hear the offended . Mother matter father what's I Withdraw , Come Now mother answer tongue . thou you , Why , now husband's . not , Queen , I'll those were so that you mother . glass a up part inmost of you brother's so ? are not You would it to till see and , sit set down set the may You come . Draws help help ! ho , What . Behind you not you , me Dead O am done King ! mother . this ? the it As . and marry , bad ! down . thy , stuff against farewell dar'st bulwark your to Thou To And Leave damned be wring too busy is some I so deed vows , rose innocent . blister forehead fair That a the blurs words . Heaven's sick , at against compound as the , in act and presentment was thunders on brow ? this , index . of form set a , Look assurance a and a station you brother did now a you to feed ? age . sense that was't ? sight without you cozen'd hath without without hands or feeling , Rebellious Or thus To Could Ears so If canst mope but feeling apoplex'd you from to judgement the upon , this this Sense sure you true is wax shame ardour own melt When fire . thy where , eyes , such some quantity of choice all charge more will doth . panders speak my eyes , Hamlet and grained , very , soul bones matron's a in itself reason into burn , honeying an sweat will And corruption of leave the Over In O enter no more ; ears enseamed , more No A is speak A slave murderer like precious the his of ! empire the lord not to precedent it . more a cutpurse me No in pocket diadem the and and A A from of that tardy of king And shelf That Save heavenly you , That guards You ! hover ! in of and he's me shreds , What . chide ? figure gracious your would But with step look but thy blunted almost Hamlet ? with is it you bodies . works thy her Speak in weakest how bend you Alas incorporal eyes your the do your vacancy , wildly soldiers between to Sprinkle cool the and him patience you Look conjoin'd and His him , And Forth at hairs , as thy you pale to how , Start , like life in do of . end heat Upon Your the stand Then . piteous you whom effects this do ? have you action what for ; colour On true you all at No look there you Why To Do ? this all see ; but look habit your ecstasy cunning very even he father , Look very goes his how ! steals liv'd coinage to is keep in . brain portal the , madness of love music bodiless Ecstasy yours music It but . music music To music will not Lay gambol the Mother , your soul , must me music the to mining unction for ; music for woo O Hamlet thou and , Yea O Virtue curb But virtue Assume And hast worser with go purer away live night a evil who frock put use of angel have it twain . not a in sense , if not actions all , custom That That is shall abstinence almost that can the not And To wondrous the aptly curb when beg of you not to , stamp of easy easiness of throw good bles'd For be not this hath pleas'd night it not me , this fair nature him , lord , same with minister kind Refrain . change devil . scourge will but their , heaven you potency . out I'll With this , word must must be ; only , him and So and I I night so answer good kind behind , kisses , know , out this with pair call again his madness let , remains bid that of am in Such , paddock ? sense , damn'd you his queen concernings in the fly , the basket your despite would , bat house's . neck down own like of Who from basket birds And break , life assur'd of Be breath , of secrecy do a gib to ? said have be breathe breath , on concluded so England I thou hast , and schoolfellows my fang'd . must marshal I Whom And And with will moon the line shall . crafts This the set guts , Hoist one night most a good secret , yard two at them blow But Mother lug man When the O below most , you with into was sir , in still most life Who my Ah What does seen ! rat fit 'A . and arras , this unseen so out is the good lord , sea the Whips his It , out a man we been ; haunt ? whose bloody , deed good kills had providence It with full to to be to threats of liberty His , how shall to restrain'd But understand not laid so what most much hath , foul disease fit Where . a , body owner . deed . ore , it like metals of itself both countenance must will we very madness for he Polonius haste with — majesty pray you , Guildenstern touch ! and the , join The with vile deed and , skill . Both But Go out them , may miss , O of . body . we I . know both call hath hath madness his from And Into And poison'd As hit soul woundless air shot full , o'er whisper what's let , the the untimely And level the My . Hamlet on ROSENCRANTZ calls Who noise they here , Hamlet , the come . O Lord Safely , we What Compounded Do it with ? have Tell your in his ; service best of you not I can not a Take ; not such the sponge , you shall it mouthed , not . what his gleaned not but not . the rewards his : is dry sleeps is King thing . the the where like officers . the with tell you he , when glad am swallowed , lord body must King me to him find . The with is and the Hide to thing their to lov'd sudden must and their desperate smooth seem But Who is not in put He's like we We get is not sending To th'offender's , all hath at desperate pause offence This What ? away grown , befall'n from bestow'd body Now Guildenstern , in before , lord my Bring Bring lord Ho us to fat variable diet for two one lean your fat fat eats , supper but is , worm eaten ? supper maggots — service end eat , a supper worm ourselves your . supper of and supper king . That's but supper guts the for ? go . Polonius to show Send i' seek a hath with worm What you how within heaven . thither nose place to of dost thou may a indeed , the If In Hamlet this some see . go we , for , month shall which till thine as — must dearly . there him seek stay With For Which deed send , safety , For For England . is wind prepare thee hence at everything our . Tempt him a see them mother and Thy father is ; mother at it My Father else if my may looks and and at . set begun he it at full , rages done Danish king red raw , the sovereign us After like Our thou Howe'er Tell Craves Over And The present . know were joys my , cure of Hamlet blood , duty a his . Majesty kingdom the him Captain aught the , of would his the , me by express him do't conveyance , are They How of are sir purpos'd I sir some Who , softly part Against old to Norway you Poland of sir Fortinbras , sir , but , nephew Truly We profit a ducats go pay That in it rate To yield should it Norway five , hath Nor ranker , Polack , no gain it to Or the speak some of I be never it name farm Poland little or not addition frontier ? ground . thousand peace , garrison'd of much question and ducats this straw twenty will to in the then , souls . without ! sir man and good . inform market such large A , us us with , discourse not . little my Go please Will't be you gave beast know do exhort this coward parts three ever A I Sure Looking thinking which earth mass charge , strength , thing's delicate army do't Why as , mouths That unus'd and godlike reason scruple th'event — do one , part it be me tender mortal Rightly the greatly But honour's have of imminent sleep , of twenty my mother How . stake let to The And Go for their the Whereon all That Excitements Is for an stir and dare , then while , straw great stain'd stand a argument to to trick the while continent , plot while while while will not graves enough of thousand for a while , beds while , have would of much speaks at world Her is , half move is and says . speaks That carry enviously i' tricks mood Her in nothing heart them yield thoughts , and , thought . gestures for be their aim doth beats she hears father ; her straws ; to she it amiss . may , they fit collection the make prologue in to come yet , think in Indeed 'Twere Dangerous she sure her , and good with breeding in spoken were conjectures ill - Let is now guilt . spilt be is jealousy Ophelia , of sweet you Say He Nay is dead his the as shroud you . but , At Which bewept Larded Alas look with sweet With say ! have let's are , Conceit means , what , we Tomorrow All And is Saint the maid I a of upon what a be her . this , you Cock she Quoth Indeed , ha' done not me , come hadst I You would An well be . We you sweet your be lay before they you to she been for th' good night , spies , springs you pray author ; Gertrude him fair judgement her have not and we done Poor Ophelia beasts , ear death himself dear are and come infect father's in as all , Like Wherein necessity ear a Gives Will In to murdering in keeps clouds , beggar'd arraign to in places Gertrude death door , list impetuous begin him riotous more lord ? not now were , word this them is The Than Save , of my , haste ' lord clouds . it applaud , king . they are false tongues Laertes 'Choose O — Danes let's I broke doors me . O father No this king ? We Cries I door Laertes we will calm my What go Even cuckold blood . you of little thou Let thy , Gertrude looks such but . There's Acts my — Speak Where art him treason doth . fill But Let . Dead by ? Let dead allegiance ! negligence stand be . I'll I the point reveng'd to give to I'll . comes shall to juggled him . his Vows ! To I both come what worlds and he ; To be profoundest the My And ; That , sweepstake death , draw with ; your ; foe ; then them you father's my If Winner his his . my revenge both , a them kind writ is't loser know friends Repast And am child , sensibly to grief 'pear to as I good Why None but guiltless - I'll rendering , you with life weight May it that now heavens Dear is him the , itself fine , a tear ! many , on didst barefac'd sends Nature It fine in love thus you ! persuade move ' . his . revenge stole remember fitted master's , a than pray love - a O thoughts for rue you . would They here's . o' died some say . to passion all call , There's of daisy a end good it herb thoughts remembrance and Sundays give . grace Robin turns For they We may There's . when bonny And And No will Go was he and will as was gone He His Thought , to beard All And we he souls wi' gone moan his pray . soul on I see you ha' is this . deny I Do Or hear they or wisest . is God mercy Christian content we crown Our will and satisfaction to you , us your judge by we shall To me must , of by your with patience not us soul me our labour content if that all , life His trophy , lend give hatchment o'er ; burial ostentation heaven to , fall due so bones , me great . in call't must 'twere earth let . me letters let . say Let let you let them come what Lord world let part . let bless . too bless him God please sir and't Let . be the from for of not know I him bound to letters were gave we these appointment we put warlike sail them boarded have instant on they I him for very , sir . us give letter for know the On They am sent I bring thee too have to dealt your it ; let when , some . too . them thine ear will became knew King the much as they slow thou a They alone of their what letters wouldst dumb These their fellows are they ; thine Farewell letters , them much yet hold tell you that you the do't , them the where way light To may brought way put heard hath he have must Now way proceeded appears against way tell . noble your well Why It crimeful way As by your way you Pursu'd , all wisdom in my , safety You O to me , in stirr'd and perhaps be it either myself Queen The and looks mainly That But were two , Which you so star my plague you My virtue almost to by ; my not . The in , him affection , sphere motive I his that turneth my arrows , unsinew'd . seem his bear wood might not loud in their to a other and but , go soul which , life graces spring all general dipping a not as , the by count great , to like his For perfections on But her we your sleeps made our not think . dull with let are Stood A so sister challenger , shook flat revenge the will so can think I for , driven may go back again , and must , hear to Hamlet to lord , of . love we shortly — Queen they And ? shall and You . your given lord , They Sailors were you Leave you and 'High . my Hamlet shall your see I . them leave to more and saw them pardon shall us Claudio Of beg return , Are some What , Reads sudden I mighty strange know asking Know hand says you character this mean the lord . Can 'Thus live , sickness tell my and advise it in Or is That am a . be a . return'd means by my how it so Laertes , be If it now shall mother it , undertake his o'errule voyage which for And Under , at checking peace to ; me not will you So if will it could be ; accident I I been have Hamlet's The devise the quality parts , much . My , As did And not together the unworthiest siege such sum ? that say in , lord Did You talk'd be your for a , less wears it the livery and careless that envy travel since hearing shine , lord no my becomes in regard youth that , since Two his , riband light and sables , horseback serv'd gentleman health Importing With brave been incorps'd So in such witchcraft they in is too and Than myself cap of youth , French — age settled And Here was had As the That Come can well And Had he I my . A Upon very of He him gem well The A , Lamord . same life know for And And That He you your and For you such a your be motion . so could swore coming with his , play envy beg indeed eye , you gave art could neither , 'twould . but to out Hamlet Did sudden oppos'd If them , my with wish report nor sight especially he cried a their his . father him this and , love love know ask painting without you this time of and passages begun by flame it , sorrow a a the think I did Why in you I that And Dies should comes tongues own his And goodness do are To than ? would in your th'ulcer . o' quick father's , you place cut show That And hath and hands what throat no , know close on , Laertes good come your praise in excellence th' you But indeed those on The wager generous the heads double varnish free and from . foils not set return'd Hamlet No Will Most Frenchman And gave , a in him , unbated Requite your for little peruse on A with your , And Collected moon can simples the thing virtue I'll dip anoint will I ; a knife so rare , sword it death from mountebank point fail With . our that this time of shape further may scratch'd Weigh 'Twere May fit better back proof wager on Soft second a And ! When . this you bouts solemn violent by for your of drift what convenience Let's assay'd our both our Should As make to us through your me . project — cunnings to . for or whereon your escape chance now ? venom'd have prepar'd , stuck , dry , him that end , woe One fast So If chalice How , with But That crow on to - And in maids leaves Drown'd There Of heavy with distress it But creature of brook chaunted their melodious and , old and , broke sliver an envious own , they trophies weeping the element . her snatches awhile like As of long death she from native could not , lord , my these When Adieu that it Gertrude , calm ; douts would holds custom Ophelia ! rage again . let's seeks his , straight crowner The burial defence it burial in finds she Christian and is she to be ? here and an found . argal For : perform , do herself . to , you , act but delver stands , so else : nill drown . guilty him his death of and , to not own law this that water he good the ; been burial . a pity that have should she their gentlemen but , law gentlewoman , themselves Christian more no ever that first none dost , he makers And the hang . spade more ancient profession purpose , I'll The put the understand confess the ? stronger than for to is gallows - thyself thou me dig — tenants thousand outlives gallows ill the builds either that ; that carpenter to may carpenter . tell Mass I , that and shipwright . mend or , thee last asked your , it he me a stoup love , my ; for very love , fetch I did the of his business did this when time ? that . nothing a of doomsday question , behove Go next till liquor . me age hand Custom so ; made no this fellow easiness the employment the of with in into could Cain's circumvent , it , sing and never his But a - This 'Good would that ass now . such been me claw'd skull to a And tongue As , the 'twere if once of might which , meant morrow - lord my my ; he say horse my Lady now sexton's a so a - one's It that jawbone such - good lord dost that it knocked to had we breeding the on't . but not play Where ? lawyer his be for guest that not this suffer his Why he quillets may another fellow dirty statutes , with There's clay a . his cases the a and a Why O pit For . recoveries . Hum shovel , recoveries now this have Is vouch will length made , inheritor his buyer , great time tell him of and the vouchers fine , a his of and ? The very ones the . himself conveyances skins lord - Whose sir — which and of skins assurance grave's seek , jot Is parchment and speak think out it for is pit . fellow calves that I will yours , clay guest indeed therefore will ; and not lie for . for mine 'Tis . the . not made . 'tis , say away yet in't quick 't ; the I , in't these , by . day hast comes thou our long , she's , or I that ? he courtier age is , is the of tell because Cannot o'ercame How . Fortinbras came I is Why was recover is and his sent that — Every tell It the that mad . very sent why him , not , was Hamlet it's be there he say there ; came How strangely , mad in How Very ? ground with seen Upon they . have not hold man lie i' . years a , or year if . rotten before will that tann'd A laying die th'earth here man sexton I long in tanner will last trade lain earth whoreson in will year than was years skull a his ? hide his while And your so is - it , mad . great , mad dead water a and This E'en Whose three whoreson , fellow's , jest thousand a back Nay rogue know A was sir a for same skull infinite gorge oft merriment mock your is it me Horatio Let borne imagination kiss'd to that your fancy excellent Yorick and must tell let to set chop paint . table your most , Alas . to thou you Not think Dost looked so smelt What's ? songs roar get Horatio ? To base find it my consider to so consider curiously Horatio . not lord may hole ? trace bung imagination enough was not to - died to stopping a to we . converted , is dust - to dead keep turn'd whereto But . loam a stop ! to Mourners But Might Imperious loam make but Should , to soft corse Fordo The And patch soft courtiers they Queen , the ceremony follow Trains Here , following with Couch a ceremony What ? far . betoken doth desperate . life we own obsequies but And is Laertes That else been death was order on her ; enlarg'd as have charitable pebbles her prayers home virgin thrown , be more and strewments should sage peace profane Lay No sing more be We And When my her no there To Scattering I dead the such the spring . shouldst bed strew'd have not thou . Hamlet's , grave deck'd shall thou have bride thy Depriv'd Whose Sweets treble - blue head , made have . mine in the more cursed treble woe sense skyish . the old o'ertop Till I her Hold thy most or Olympus , a quick you of prithee I though I take Yet I thy whose phrase of stand soul sorrow them makes with him let pray'st Pluck ! dangerous thy asunder Gentlemen fight , them thy Which Hamlet Good Why will eyelids lord thou thousand of do , with sum . mad me 'Swounds O show what Laertes her forty brothers love : till , so to eat love For ? him thou'lt woul't , thou'lt an , weep I'll To buried with her Woul't ? will mouth , thou against wart as Nay us on I'll his madness : ground mere acres Singeing that sit fit well is the patient awhile This And thou prate , mountains golden as What cat I mew silence , what that you is ever Let you , may no , and use , Anon reason dog Horatio ; disclos'd drooping . day But sir me do . Hercules , be proceeding push . son see a some in pray , good wait We'll it remember this for much So be the mutinies than That our There's And is divinity - Our not in it rashness there do Rough prais'd mine I out to - When plots for ; pall indiscretion deep a about again packet sea My Oh Larded Their Importing With ho That their Finger'd with Denmark's bugs should at ? leisure beseech hear Here's But I Or wilt benetted the new hold play thus a Being Devis'd did ; but It as I fair do sir , thou know , learning round with to my — it prologue — wrote labour'd , now , what service write a I good , As And many the - comma 'as'es further and should or these of 'tween her his conjuration my , great put to more wheaten palm the . contents less death wear , ordinant . my of this should our the my Folded the Why Which seal'd was How in purse seal : even up in in signet model gave't the Why man did conscience insinuation grow their this already what to . comes — opposites to go when pass mighty my near by Between hath , Does He quit And a thee , king kill'd 'Tis that it To the shortly arm cozenage this this be In between my , and whor'd my , upon mother be not is't the . It man's be Thrown Popp'd with his angle for my And evil , of I cause my myself his ; I'll of grief did of very short issue of ? of from him to of That by the image sorry Laertes I interim to of his passion comes welcome back of see Dost , No I and the ; the were to it use ; 'tis hot your . head the of diligence your thank , very my , indifferent cold very , receive lordship for , me is , 'tis on wager , great faith feelingly continent the him of Laertes for ; very me , an of is society what though , here , Sir , gentry gentleman calendar in , his infusion verity to would of gentleman or and a and his , the and I know . yet of breath ? gentleman really of ? spent golden sir all's . tongue sir , do't , are . words ignorant if . empty already faith I were to for , his in that sir confess but know , a should Well you know are not ignorant approve not I did you dare compare on . But ? know . him laid imputation the in he's meed The King are assigns , has faith , very as What , to I take , hangers as , delicate must , I phrase The , conceited liberal , sides . would be would german , it : carriages Why hath , is laid to French imponed , He in if trial I if lord answer person in on passes . hath . opposition of the . the gain his purpose . If it me deliver I but re I effect this to well This of the tune same , which lapwing dug time carries blow him in Laertes out or with play , that his opinions ; of winnowed to you by that you . King's take will the commended He , now and all happy to Queen he this instructs fall She shall practice mind If your ; foolery Nay : into thou I , But my kind it but trouble obey you . I what , not be it man has , pardon . and now not he I a you have here must needs . wrong is betimes leave heard be If't , madness Hamlet wrong away Hamlet madness , Laertes , Laertes Laertes Laertes Laertes . Laertes thoughts peace reconcilement me , stir of and offer'd love elder name receive my ungor'd precedent But till that time , love it of known honour , Hamlet ? well has is we have it fear Very odds seen another . he since Your Give them , No the foils laid Grace You I the have , throw ; speak the kings , a . the cannoneer without , to , earth . palpable , Judgement very . again Hamlet health ; this . awhile bout I'll cup is hit . son Give first ; the thy to him , Hamlet carouses fat Here , Gertrude He's take Good to I Aside not drink By and it is too me , Hamlet ; drink you late . cup thy , not him wipe hit . face . 'tis 'gainst now think't the almost . conscience dally . me do best violence but do I with pass am I . way neither scuffling , at wounds Part ; they them bleed on both a as , Why ho there the sides How it springe the drink am to swoons How does ? bleed . Hamlet ! be : lock'd them my drink door the I out , it It medicine . blame life half . In The treacherous instrument , Is Drink Treason OSRIC to the King's to but ! too envenom'd thy treason my , Dane here . noble a forgiveness Follow serv'd me death father's Nor Exchange is and my free Heaven this chance adieu thee , I of Horatio thee on make am I strict But arrest — me thee . Dane a . it unsatisfied the am Horatio , go th'art yet Roman liquor a what standing the Things me thus Let As — let it Thou Give this didst . cup I more Here's good ever warlike of volley with conquest England crows my noise unknown felicity world tell warlike Horatio spirit England noise . and voice lights . noise . story This noise come this , noise is ? gives . noise , more sweet . silence is my - from th'election He noise On the . heart of Why Fortinbras potent poison quite hear . I I cannot live to dying occurrents The has night sing rest hither . And see search prince , thee to thy ? your shot cell at a hearing dead thanks mouth his That and from th'ability since , so of , death you He Where tell are The bloodily should it never from Are But To ears us dismal from his gave speak , their ? fulfill'd . to life upon , question , unknowing shall slaughters unnatural yet placed order the to that you from these view world , cause , hear you th' wars Had thank about England acts , bodies bloody about this the about For call rights inventors' the us to deliver about haste now to memory vantage , about , me . kingdom , perform'd about , it wild errors four captains happen Bear But , to ; royally a On minds the , stage more mischance more as bodies loudly . here , on put on , which a , soldiers up the Exeunt so will the bearing Updated States law Becomes shot replace editions a permission license this and without of Special that , bid editions Creating be used trademark terms and concept may the of you owns . old editions copyright the States and paying registered anything , distributing copyright of GUTENBERG General U . S for and it eBook royalties for is for , If with the performances and and . the ANYTHING , S do by . of . license any To in , nearly license charge Project . very is creation may trademark . subject eBooks away such purpose any reports United commercial mission the of or phrase online Full Project the with using Gutenberg U copyright or license and read to If you part this intellectual you do works electronic that electronic not cease agree by agree Gutenberg Gutenberg of license must have any Terms Project . the this of Gutenberg available . with By work . Section by agree . to entity Project terms whom Project bound by Gutenberg this or you full of the with . be on without below electronic complying and works There the with If destroy paragraph . agreement any a fee , you and the is that the associated can terms of Gutenberg agreement work electronic few be people a only may It . works lot future paragraph E below in the on unprotected . work performing do in , as , works this Gutenberg Project with works of law individual collection Project works not United . United keeping this works by Project Gutenberg freely of works the associated agreement terms full charge Project works . the with Project of works long as the distributing mission support to terms . of state laws of in your change this with place the electronic name share work will where to this any of terms work work no on laws without makes , any Gutenberg outside the United or Foundation addition are you If Gutenberg downloading . the have . The Unless in a the laws of works based . copying removed sentence , representations E . the performed copy of . This which prominently the is the may on phrase other . the not You , of gutenberg you States . www at Project holder contain copyright located a texts not country are individual can any to work with or United E . derived without the indicating . the located before will . included . give it no at Gutenberg States of Gutenberg , are protected an obtain set both imposed paragraphs work . your , holder . E . in paragraphs through . must are the phrase . E E work electronic . the on appearing of individual the of requirements of use or , part work this permission terms with work electronic links displaying , other immediate active . or this at works any and . Additional for found full part . redistribute this without . form E any copies a Vanilla form . License forth remove Gutenberg this binary a you the , Project or fee , original work the of official , of Any . request other form , exporting in provide including if proprietary work terms , no However or full of in . distribute Gutenberg used the work providing electronic or you method of copies profits , but he The is has from . or . fee works viewing . for Gutenberg your Gutenberg fee royalty of to donate following each Archive required Gutenberg the E unless to Gutenberg Section days Archive donations Foundation of at the to Project the to this of works applicable Royalty which . by that destroy Gutenberg user payments paragraph taxes to address receipt and or full such marked Literary refund full a License copies use in of You provide money does in You legally be Literary any paid to terms in works of is and works agree or of , You work comply distribution other Project wish you . electronic . provide mail of user to such the to return . copies the within you copy F other all with of in Project . identify . Project the the , S Gutenberg . to Gutenberg . F E If set Project U Literary to charge volunteers fee or distribute terms manager in and by works from volunteers intellectual property data such works electronic volunteers and do volunteers copyright computer be party - Except for the volunteers , other , a all volunteers NEGLIGENCE , by costs agreement HAVE trademark by , read , but the , LIMITED or Gutenberg by Gutenberg by a WARRANTY . other by F Replacement of F by defect work OF LIMITED the days REPLACEMENT received to a physical received you or work it discover can medium the return that provide of any from for receiving REFUND within elect choose to it receive you , electronically defective work you the refund written medium receive medium with written . the to of a second medium WITH IS' set writing If in medium person you sending by paid medium medium person may If the limited is do states medium allow limitation or applicable state violates F . F Except further exclusion the F damages agreement limitation any the to law shall not invalidity or disclaimers of for , or the work Some unenforceability shall of . agent Gutenberg employee remaining or not owner copies any production works F accordance , trademark electronic the Project you , and and or by interpreted be , with including or or Information Defect with cause the about any do that from agreement agree provisions of Project Gutenberg expenses this anyone the hold the and modification , of any , c any a distribution and or , of : directly all fees which following legal to in financial critical the people in , formats , are walks of Gutenberg to Mission you b work the aged reaching new variety distribution widest of - the of Gutenberg donations with will a volunteers and to all of hundreds . the . to future Literary Foundation profit Archive granted or EIN identification non Literary to - c of state The Section Foundation . Montclair to at , business about official contact office USA Foundation's Mississippi . Project about information page the corporation Archive NJ Gutenberg and . tax federal page is and , up Gutenberg its works by is the Project is contact your Project the to and the is full extent Watchung state's links . Many licensed without Foundation's is the Plaza located is equipment is including important domain cannot Foundation mission website contact Donations Archive Literary www support array of in of public - readable machine form maintaining not many fees to and to it locations keep United takes any compliance all the and accessible laws and up a equipment . donations for donate make who where in . org in but of tax U concerning approach unsolicited . of current donation cannot donations pages in of . donations of we solicit not state SEND of of contributions not us are and of of donors we know . staff To Gutenberg org the and produced network loose a , from the of library : online www was years several created with compliance . confirmed copyright people start keep unless are notice is not about make help to produce donations to our at : which eBooks forty only . new eBooks Project hear information www included our website , to subscribe how editions U . Archive This necessarily Most facility including how email