there ? Stand Stand Stand Who's Stand live Stand now Stand struck You 'Tis am you bitter , bed ? there haste Marcellus make , guard quiet , this . do , Well Barnardo has O , what ! good . you you , there Holla Say A , again . this come of . tonight appear'd him . not let What so That approve our have I if , With us to watch eyes minutes the Tush this and speak it . to , the , have us And yond thee In art The like speak ? dead . comes again , heaven of , not . harrows me figure same the art sometimes It King fear , wonder and . would It Together is with speak pale fantasy tremble ! this more You something on't ! will I ! than might I , the think and ! speak ! charge ! answer and ! look the thyself armour when . parle ; King in Polacks . dead , know I scope to gross particular This Thus Good strict tell to he jump th'ambitious 'Tis at by work my strange and and observant our whose sore , implements eruption such mart the toils nightly the toward sweaty haste watch night whisper the task war might And is't can the Was Thereto to so Well this forfeit his law by , goes can inform me ? to but by appear'd Fortinbras our , lands ; cov'nant same those , young here is no and full Fortinbras had , and , carriage the the Fortinbras by sir article as , recover doth food Of Hamlet mettle , there watch watch , state by those this strong , watch take , head watch watch , mind's watch Rome , dead eye King wars of so eclipse empire ; the the state sheeted dews and fire doomsday precurse preceding omen and earth to And heaven Have cross I'll thou , it prologue countrymen where our soft If thou treasure in you For art if . it , the , to . ease , may O thou ! country's thy speak thing to to foreknowing and thee happily do Or say of Stop they Marcellus , oft in ! here 'Tis our It confine his present , It , say , bird Wherein The And then The , No , But have Break Let I Walks Unto young us So takes are nights fairy heard , say look , o'er , Hamlet consent you So This we our impart of morn the watch dew what us and him , woe ; kingdom befitted nature on state our , marriage , eye in our thanks , barr'd herein freely have which and to defeated gone Fortinbras delight with we , For of our young all that our weak be , along nor . late supposal you wife ; have disjoint to and , and herein full and : Cornelius subject and here made suppress all dispatch Norway Voltemand levies , power to more articles will the with heartily : farewell What we is't , heart , Laertes , the to beg , Laertes the mouth father . you . thou offer the is I and Your whence Dread favour duty in came France ? Laertes Denmark to of to wouldst of shall Than What hand The head The My thoughts To Yet now show my though and your bend gracious that , says again toward leave me slow last to thine ! son and and , not for know'st 'tis for ever noble common it so particular , it thy Passing , Ay If it seems be is it ; windy nor the have I and commendable within with , Nor Nor not 'Tis For No These sweet father In filial , mourning the might ; grief father survivor bound your your your your some the incorrect simple , most unfortified your any it to your From must Is Than You the of reason fault A ? fathers till woe ; most immediate to toward back going and most in And we which impart is to to our our Hamlet , to , obey and . Hamlet come reply . grace of , whereof , God ! melt would flesh , the ! Oh Seem two it That it so was much come should world in ! two this , mother earth him on within had grown old woman a hang is shoes , she roughly of the Why on it not A Must what Frailty little With , fed Frailty too ? remember face increase Frailty on't or — think Frailty Had Ere Frailty My She Frailty father's I yet O left married to for nor not is break It With my or to am I , And I I'll my Marcellus to would good your ear your that violence , Wittenberg , lord ? report . say are no ? depart . mother's your affair your you . what To make truant Nor drink see to mock to it ! The marriage . me me bak'd tables upon meats my me I , methinks my see lord In me me He I My me my once man , saw him all in . all king like . I Who lord The my father King gentlemen I may these till . to witness This For and Upon Two Been Marcellus Armed slow point . your cap , A had love an the God's Goes at thus the waste Barnardo In By Form with as The Stand third his their truncheon's third Within them they These third third lord My third third third you Did , speak not it like then from haste , methought address did crew loud ; toe saw My from his lord look'd he frowningly than ? more Pale , or in What countenance Nay fix'd his Most And I While as A seen beard Not I Give it shall hap conceal'd . you it I this ; tongue fare you twelve no tonight . well . deeds to men's will eyes Farewell winds . sleep . nature . not more so ? waxes now you and grow as you doth alone temple loves besmirch fear , own ; do his his to subject is state loves further no withal his honour list goes he of which dear affection , open desire of prodigal rear calumnious of Virtue canker unmask The And it , his , shot and not be dew , near lesson good But this , imminent . else brother , my in lies liquid are most though best , heart some th'effect watchman me Show Whilst the primrose like recks as stay path puff'd not a and reckless of fear But , a is Laertes Yet And here And Nor thou familiar , unproportion'd . few in thy thought by and soul , with adoption their no but , precepts my of your blessing memory thoughts thy dull thy quarrel few thy can , the of the ear censure th'opposed a unto hast steel buy not man ; station . and rank rich ; reserve thy thy thee in voice , chief lender and husbandry in proclaims both thine to all not my For a most borrower nor itself of be the thee . lord my ? tell you must put and yourself . honour . me . many up — 'tis free tenders of You ! Pooh is ! not Do such believe I Marry That you , are not my teach , think what , tenders , circumstance you do — thus sterling you he , importun'd of tender you'll the crack tenders wind dearly love to woodcocks , promise their When springes almost fashion My Ay Even Set command your take of entreatments to scanter for maiden higher Lord he , brokers , are investments pious unholy bawds show , may for you larger parley as a few he is , for from the charge ; Lord your : forth time this all . cold is an ; shrewdly As to't I , I The is bites It I Indeed ? the Wherein it spirit held . wont then It this and of draughts and , And as wassail drum and his struck is think twelve , mean does I What to heavy though From They Makes This manner marry Ay ; though I is a the east than tax'd and though perform'd particular nature they are choose though of though marrow chances mole it though vicious o'ergrowth the down nature pales though habit plausive ; the though , of . in of wherein , of o'erleavens reason grace corruption , as a dram undergo one — star , defect , evil pure take they may or as be general censure — As Shall From Look Be Thou com'st thy thee with Bring father not such burst , in ; ignorance hearsed . O I'll a intents of wicked questionable call , answer tell , sepulchre , jaws mean ! the cerements bones his their Wherein glimpses To glimpses Say glimpses glimpses glimpses glimpses It Do But , by No will I And It for do not , what my thing a not not immortal speak , be at immortal a do forth you dreadful summit immortal reason form , immortal . immortal immortal , the sea cliff immortal the horrible sovereignty his other into base assume That Without very more many roar me waves , shall motive looks it , Go ; cries lord . me , I'll him ! desperate with thus a of on lion's , in the To Still He is will direct . of state this let's . go no Denmark , further tormenting unfold ! sulph'rous . I'll up Speak night , to to thou hear . serious for the Till day confin'd in days that my I of thy a Are tale foul burnt To Would up the purg'd like But lightest from stars soul the term prison thy spheres of , to , their , O love dear List eternal But thou blood this didst particular of Make for could knotted each Like ears Thy If To the thy ! Murder as the foul in his most foul , God . not . porpentine fretful list father . unnatural , and most O ! best it unnatural swift I as Hamlet noble so know , thou crown his that by duller I that me serpent serpent 'Tis thou stir rots And Wouldst not out this a The Rankly A given , the . father's soul ! adulterate sting whole my prophetic uncle , seduce of what a won wit of that my incestuous my gifts off seeming most will hand to , Now With mine made That wit witchcraft O I . to love hand ; whose wretch Upon his So wicked never of radiant a scent Sleeping custom ! soft But So me prey From The lewdness sate cursed uncle a pour , mov'd ; poor and to decline link'd bed morning , heaven be ; like doth and curd And swift enmity So . quicksilver hebenon thy within the . crust it body milk afternoon my orchard did , my porches of the in , hour vial ; mine did with , queen a vile a gates with through And Most No crown sleeping smooth and loathsome brother's at blossoms , O horrible ! my made reckoning thin by . body sin head ! dispatch'd once tetter - of of on , thy her thy those leave act . to bosom once , at thee Fare in her Denmark not ; account , it horrible contrive heaven lodge near . bear this damned , thee nature all thou The prick Against couch for pursu'st shows adieu all the the thy not Taint to the To the shall O the the couple you Ay I But thou , And bear me poor ghost this distracted , table all the , copied volume . I set damned woman pernicious , it and villain heaven , live by Denmark word me to ' . in be and be , it ! smiling is , am Meet . may uncle there , you and 'Adieu sworn't MARCELLUS ho Hillo , Illo Within secure ho is't wonderful ! lord How , Ay dwelling think Denmark knave , of , I man lord come the Nor , tell right that more are . from arrant lord this us we , Why And hold it business man ; and and — fit without so Look you sorry they offend heartily lord offence no Horatio there Patrick by Yes There's For As are Saint much an honest , And desire ghost too what now , me is that as make Never lord poor ? seen tonight . will have . upon have We the my , my I there , Art fellow . indeed . Swear . lord . ground . we'll And lay Hic ubique ? again Then to mole Beneath . this Canst Once ! work remove i' sword my of hither upon my . by hands Swear pioner old more wondrous strange welcome , philosophy your , think you help myself . come , But . I doubtful 'We or seeing shall an put such encumber'd ; of to Or know list by As Or So you 'Well we mercy t'express do I was is come time And willing And With rest what shall out of and Reynaldo . to , make inquiry , Look it , question of expense and and where and drift , did , you , My . Paris are ; you will demands at very in demands sir finding more it knowledge father you demands 'I your you thus , part As Take do this Than demands they demands Ay , but I demands so ; ' marry noted youth demands lord ? liberty , may , dishonour so But ; he mean and please be ; Ay , drabbing may . charge quaintly ; mind lord . unreclaimed fiery — working . you th' , you , you this assur'd , fetch soil'd i' of you my is it I in breathe or youth ever him you you of or guilty consequence ' and you Of , lord or converse the you ; the man this to something What , then I ? t'other the 'I consequence' ay and know or with saw the At closes the enter and marry , the , rouse house so or at such , the yesterday , 'closes with in in the or the consequence or windlasses By the So indirections my . the Or , I saw Videlicet Shall God my , wi' former my My , lord . lord . affrighted ? of in his down Ungart'red No , what's hat if As Pale lord Ophelia my , Alas lord With what the head - knees to his knocking purport hell before do he so his in sewing was I Hamlet Lord He , I me to falls would last he other to draw — by thrice but truly he and of o'er of stay'd face all me arm his his me turn'd his , profound and shaking . took goes with head to over his doors me out his rais'd He And At He , end And As o' seem'd with to to And the to desperate under I passion him his to denied him that am That with fear'd he and , trifle did ? late , hard words but ; him . I and ! jealousy . judgement did sort younger for being hate Welcome To To is common thee to meant had I And call inward should , heard put man provoke did have I to to to to both with humour , up you to , hath be , it to him so of thus the What th'understanding . his brought I death was it his More , I That him as to , by and unknown lies to on little Some So Whether , gentlemen sure And much us occasion there much two much our talk'd you you hope such king's a time he time awhile will , good , our , time am I , he time the to so adheres . If it . sovereign and shall time freely commanded be time ourselves both service entreaty time full feet . Go and gentle gentlemen , your Put . Than here give up lay too our and bring you of to and to amen you good . practices Ay joyfully Th'ambassadors lord my . return'd of news , King policy or , duty lord think not of that fruit , to the first Hunts it As the us'd hath I Both hold , I my My God and my gracious brain I that lunacy this of trail The very cause speak . to hear . them , suppress desires our of , nephew's , and him return our Upon His To be he the which your , That His preparation 'gainst ; into , age hand , in brief out griev'd Say But It Receives him , overcome with , obeys , fine arrests ; his arms commission three against his Norway sickness his against was his his set dominions to allowance his pass his , labour . together his business feast well us safety of are give , home is upon this . madam , business My majesty is Were brevity limbs night night day to since be Mad I And will with with with with with Thus with That For it a given Hath the rather celestial To I phrase Came stay the the best love am Doubt madam . dear And fell hath most , machine , move be sun I ; awhile Good I that my receiv'd she in lady hath , his , solicitings daughter means . place think his ear this , mine and . of me to time given how you what But . this But hath This must might Hamlet she Admit think look'd you young upon heart dear my would I As When That repulsed into he Which be is a ? love your I I , from fruits the , lock messengers , a she receive did round and to gave bespeak of sight thy . work , her , mistress not no out then I herself And Thence we think a I'd , likely now and . otherwise so , fain . this ? Take lead , this I it centre were if I ' this I Here in try , ''Tis know I from I If truth sometimes he though I I hours I hid find indeed , thereon not , then love reason wretch sadly look But But me Let poor the where keep I good Lord Hamlet . mercy both , give me . God I'll board do . know you , Do Then Excellent a would I , is to be one man not but being , very maggots the may How me gone say What mean For that you the , plum most believe yourself you potently - that ; are that and their gum . which have eyes though , they old go should . sir Aside that is Into air that o' often are A not could replies means out suddenly sanity ! you , Indeed You Fare , take , life I prosperously happiness meeting take . How of will , tedious my sir lord , cannot withal Lord you save Hamlet there old . he is fools most dear , earth the of lads the As Rosencrantz Happy Fortune's in friends My lord honoured ! indifferent cap waist of not over the ? lord middle in or her ? Faith , of her she about the ? the shoe very honest . true is good news true most privates ; favours , we hither ? you , my But my None secret parts lord , to lord the in ; one that , near particular th' Denmark world she What . goodly ; Why then to ambition 'tis none your are , could be . you so it makes so being makes , it for To ; a not for of a . monarchs , narrow too a . very dream it I servants rest my you honest like will We'll a shadow's airy is itself but beggars our are beaten To wait no friendship , I , to and , an visit you , friends such poor in thanks other dear a with sort not of am , thanks are even , man what I that too ; but I not the you lord have ? my conjure by more youth , the a better me whether of our obligation proposer by me dear , what direct no What you If were sent could To teach the lord shall you tell then for or you for mirth prevent lost my . say of . no moult . Guildenstern anticipation my heavily me to goes Queen why know indeed canopy ; exercises this but goodly of , and secrecy to excellent were sterile fire with foul how how And . moving me air so all feather all of custom this o'erhanging brave golden , pestilent my disposition that beauty . so nor woman delights said my in delight when no is man how me Man apprehension , a noble in admirable : like you of the an like in . angel in form animals your shall Why did lord king adventurous the ; not shall of clown shall sigh lady the the Even and chances whose How whose , Their they target the his part whose — in delight What mind whose lungs or . players whose man humorous ? travel whose you whose the How the , endeavour children of most and aerie the their are the comes indeed ? they rusty ; cry . they call top the that out but there on them the are the fashion come — they Will . question and , wonted that — should of longer goose their make , they them do to there to sin for no has been much controversy and question the exclaim if pursue they quality no grow are like most unless on . player sides both There went for brains . in and to a ? while Is't they ducats apiece for O carry very not is , carry strange ; of , lived little philosophy carry could forty and . 'Sblood those , hands carry . The find carry come comply carry . which than extent my , uncle more welcome , lest are welcome is you But In - north there is Gentlemen garb the and fashion are to appear . a , are southerly the me tell must . You deceived is . at out you a swaddling his with the he's Happily time there and hawk to to a comes : for tell lord will right they so You is — say of for the Monday . hither lord in The to I tell buzz ass , actor . comedy scene too individable Plautus tragical are , only . the , Israel heavy - historical , too liberty . nor ! thou ? lord , hadst men , or poem the Jephthah ? daughter that I . follows that well follows call , was like lot then , you , as most lord , you me Jephthah . by What row The and you last uncurrent have We'll a speech taste when young For . look where Masters . your heaven ring to Pray nearer ! face What , give falconers was lord passionate speech my a fly God Thy . French chopine ladyship beard to last mistress , by Com'st thou . are see welcome . e'en straight , gold of quality all . speech once speech Come a , top down honest , see let , line It he where The loved matter chiefly especially memory rugged not purpose Priam's to than the no set in phrase , might wholesome in thereabout let live and . method it the , your : it — see me , resemble gules , gules well my Old And gules That and gules God , gules Striking Greeks finds So gules 'Fore o'ersized thus father feel this and , in Unequal , to whiff Priam base his Seeming Pyrrhus' at with prisoner Stoops Repugnant the Rebellious short Anon at . of Ilium Then the to Takes Of A The silence But to ear , on seem'd painted Priam was So And , In And Break out , thou spokes synod general With all the low the shall It He's or barber's on With late About seen Who if Fortune's she with the 'Gainst had , with tongue in o'erteemed and , all fear see husband's all she that sword did of themselves his state and lank blanket But instant things In The have not turn'd passion mortal saw make burst where will used After well , you you were report will them own honour your is after merit more better , lord man , in and bounty Take . lord my , old , me friends ? for you Can We'll . tomorrow of not some could , in't not . to , not I'll Elsinore not not . peasant that not his fiction her a rogue God not not force Tears broken A his forms in , O it in With Hecuba ? all to he whole would cue the with drown the function , in's for passion , with stage , speech the , cause a , throat , the ? lungs gives Who lie blows and , made . and No , of my life me i' a ? king peak coward for unpregnant , should - ere this bitter ? bitter ! bitter be lack bitter region the bawdy most and drab a Foh bitter dear or all bitter offal bitter should slave's kindless is I sitting the have , malefactions that presently , heard with , have , speak of at ! the I'll these players blench have looks hath melancholy , spirits , my and , spirit observe tongue no have . the organ murder . I'll . quick the my a the pleasing my is Abuses can drift , his distracted quiet of speak no means himself will him find we With so why and he circumstance this all dangerous puts no on , confession . disposition demands gentleman you a like our of his reply that any fell on raught But with of but , We , of hear And . play they have ; as With all ; see . matter it Good my To his to drive to to Sweet closely sent for . edge to Hamlet may accident . to hither here too shall purpose on , hear and to lawful that their as seeing 'twere Affront he . shall gather by That That Will We And Madam bring your Of Ophelia , you him : beauties If't be That good to wonted be Ophelia I the obey happy , way again please . may it wish on , colour may Gracious — here . bestow We 'Tis The we that oft with sugar true doth the burden my beautied speech give too plastering withdraw devil do ! visage devotion's . pious himself most with not is . hear to The The heart No Or opposing ; ache we sleep consummation a 'tis there's thousand , may — sea die is end . to To ? by end and by And For The Must to flesh take more sleep , shocks to ay . of the shuffled calamity bear The oppressor's insolence ? bear , come of dreams pause mortal this the , of The would us give But bare bodkin and dread traveller he office and weary not ills the whose a something , rather the pale cast of pith , all will ? orisons , thought for you now for for . breath well for know aught . for for deliver lord ? should ? lordship honesty Are your your than have , to fair , your your lord the bawd proof a your , be means and commerce your I sometime your will your beauty force your you sooner now so can better with of paradox transform honesty but from , love did for more yet had ; was but . relish of it I so once me virtue be could borne give as with stock You have shall me a accuse me at arrant ? them that in thoughts it Let myself to thee my ambitious them What knaves , not do beck very to proud time earth fool nowhere but to ways I than shape offences . may . that lord . sweet you this I'll as go wise dost as marry We fool to , If doors be shut upon own Farewell heavens Be marry thou not needs marry calumny thou . thee quickly what . as a nunnery a chaste men heard lisp Go face nunnery have have shall . of nickname paintings will courtier's The the no more God's yourselves make marriages tongue , youth reason vows ! nunnery a To . here , and quite mould of o'erthrown and blown me , a something on , his , I soul There's it O feature of , harsh what woe tune not that little disclose brood prevent and sits with tribute to speed puts him heart expel thus to for determination different neglected the way tend form . which quick : the With It and do , shall objects and our he demand My , after as Ophelia said believe ? his of the From not tell us fit all please she find him play in not , Lord lord or best send plac'd so If shall shall be Your be Let Madness To do her be you please where him . so let their England must in great pray the your and temperance to periwig - of tear a me acquire to to , who It very trippingly had torrent in not ; gently as as fellow do for passion O , pated ears the warrant for the nothing fellow . Herods robustious hand , thus , are have - to not , is , virtue her own , scorn . Now own 'twere image , whose , end and the of others one that , cannot speak have players of highly be must , and Suit from the the . and there , that it , and not and . made them made imitated pagan , nor , abominably sir us that , them clowns with there of quantity have well , your make in — Christians , praise man too in , fool the , make , play indifferently have For necessary That's uses the considered Queen King How meantime though laugh is set to that Will . reform it altogether And . in now hear work hasten to and two make GUILDENSTERN players help ROSENCRANTZ will the , Go . and Bid , e'er , Horatio my art O Here , at man a just as e'en As Nay clothe , Where That no revenue may soul men was follow No and To feed Since seal'd ta'en blood judgement equal in thee for suffering man that are stop she a pipe . what not , and my for well and Dost A one candied the thrift my is my Whose and not heart's That To That are And dear Hast they with In Which I scene is I Even have do the tonight ay play of There Do not a mine Vulcan's is uncle stithy mine Observe with imaginations Give heedful rivet our seeming . join the near comes that comment very thou told I itself damned are as foul , whilst his him , to Get you a . will whilst my both theft idle . whilst ? I dish the . whilst , air capons so eat whilst ; this Polonius , whilst To - nothing whilst th'university answer No I That did did enact I , lord my I you ? i' . so a ready ? me to . of brute a my lord ; stay Hamlet , ho ! more sit by me . that ? lap . your upon , I cheerfully hours should . your how months maker Ay my , are you , and , and his black , not for ago ; O But Then suit . suffer for a he not a I'll have yet year him fellow upon down him ' , he shall . outlive horse - memory months ? him . the Queen forgot then , horse build is lovingly show , finds head , makes very hobby with . and kneels , takes off crown , Queen seeing his She declines , Queen and a of leaves , his her , three pours . neck upon kisses Poisoner lament to this , my unwilling carried loth The King dead the makes away seems or accepts What by , and body She his love is awhile in mischief ; meant show counsel . lord , ashamed play to . they'll play you the it what show Be tell the players us show to that , Is For Here stooping , and to , brief lord cart round , gone love my sheen ? of , be sick hands late . been : nothing your so may , is woe I you . and , in is so . there moon and sun the are holds I are and my functions love , thee live , in their belov'd husband , shalt leave must Where And For you , aught is great fears little love is Faith And My I neither In operant powers Honour'd In must husband but me . let first wormwood but in dead none husband . let . of bed speak let let , tree let let love the joy , or the passion they poor , memory slave , me kisses . strange not most change fortunes fortune , accident our left needs love a , doth not who For in Directly our is joy for world Whether lead man For This Grief Where joy most not loves should with us mark fortune question grieves , on or to favourite lack : prove love enemies tend , else friend . begun overthrown of wed own . dead nor me , his him do so friend none is heaven contrary , night . strife it my be destroy , of wife ! joy awhile should she pursue ever , I well here Both If Ophelia . If Sweet break here , Each An a once My And how twain it me would rock brain between mischance never The Sleep ? keep there they you Madam you ? in't protests argument . the a Vienna Marry Gonzago is poison . you ? piece Duke's no jest call ; our souls . the puppets . not us . unwrung see . damnable . worse raven better a Thoughts Thou Confederate , begin your you It , time anon see . story . of . Italian The written gets the the murderer i' On season weeds dire midnight of Hecate's him and , poisons He extant Why Give Give , Turk not the The must So , me a share , dost a with me A Half let ungalled away , if ; while forest with watch ; For get very A This For , cry dismantled . here Didst pound . ghost's my note poisoning did Why Ah , ha , music not of . for lord talk I Good vouchsafe , the belike The Is his ; more him show my doctor Good Queen The , good my you lord make answer My wit's ? You of the . a pardon and return . lord , Sir . you as But . rather My . a mother her . admiration the your ere you any there ? her you speak to , were , once lord at can that the We times us you if , sir the recorders Let you cause have succession the while in the lack deny grows one be too bold , To you if withdraw with the of ? love drive proverb would is my . cannot you , with Look your it lying touch do me , I it govern mouth of Believe I beseech as know breath music command . will and these . these , stops , Call you cannot 'Sblood speak music unworthy would is than ; you seem you me from , you that's cloud with presently , sir . a a almost ? in you of camel indeed me shape . like weasel a like By Or is like Methinks like It my by the me top by . so say . by will . a — I to bent said come Very When churchyards now will me night , ever : none . not bosom to . let thy . business I my not such Nero lose nature of quake Would I To daggers speak to in my soul , safe it stands nor him and ourselves our near terms he Hazard I like to We holy live With keep the single and Most To That alone with it lives feed peculiar many upon provide draw , thousand . but whose cease a It ten ; small the ruin when it summit boist'rous with Never general , fear . put you pray you , Which to , he's ROSENCRANTZ and haste I we Arm now Did For will goes fetters . mother's convey I'll . I'll his going arras , Fare them some warrant and wisely tax him home , myself it , heaven can Pray inclination primal sharp double if in offence ? of twofold to fall look force blood sweet brother's first begin , cursed , hand heavens murder queen — possess'd my murder , still what O me Then ? we did ? but visage up prayer . form foul . above itself world ? come I and prize ; lies ? am and currents may seen law the Offence's my past ; for be ? May serve effects That Of But My In But But Buys out the gilded 'tis shuffling and and , no But There oft In in . What with ! as cannot But not , assay . death to But knees Art Bow Try To Even more repentance give Yet I heaven And so might Be as sinews of the That and would goes : of full , blown broad audit our with him and season'd for purging And circumstance son villain , how his crimes this do't am his him in and drunk know ; some , rage in of the . in heavy he When 'Tis But And With To is hire O , his , stands gaming , th'incestuous is Or When , he That it King up sickly be . as his heaven a mother my remain heaven rises and , without , soul prolongs thoughts Look home been have straight Pray heat round screen'd lay to stood between round him to e'en . coming him me the round round , you , Withdraw I'll you be Fear round answer idle round tongue with , go Why Go how now Hamlet question ? now you Now , mother . a , matter the Have What's ? rood , you by You are forgot me Queen it would , Come , set those you you , my that you to and , come What wilt I not see Help What now ? me , glass of a Behind ! thou hast I am , rat , A rash not . Is . ducat O , know a kill it O bloody , A Ay , O a and as this , is brother his mother ! 'twas shall you I , 'twas — fool , penetrable it stuff so sit danger . thy wag 'twas 'twas down . fortune farewell 'twas , 'twas some ; dar'st thou and custom In blurs it That have the fair virtue Calls And sets As , compound makes , glow plucks of oaths of , hypocrite false the dicers' sweet religion marriage a such words very The rhapsody so Look See An a , Mars a like the herald indeed form A New Where This To was A every Hyperion's curls picture seated front , was of kissing Mercury , seal man eyes you mildew'd mountain ; it's what have feed hill , you what his have you ear is and not thrall'd devil - without difference : it this , like so of What sense sight blind ? all ? matron's where part feeling ! in virtue let . Proclaim as is true of shame O sickly ecstacy was motion for thus frost itself as gives thy , eyes . her canst at smelling , or hath feeling mope the Hamlet mine see black no charge no wax bones , very spots soul grained tinct , burn will my the . tithe , A more , sweet enter more . in stole ! in in , and guards Alas , he's me in me ! of o'er in in not whet dread passion . your in with mad gracious , to chide and would your her her in and O . fighting soul sits purpose and and . by This blunted works . to and and the you Alas is weakest , and Hamlet lady you with do wildly the distemper do flame , On up Forth Sprinkle cool ! them Upon , him Look . sleeping with , Your as the an the form make Will bedded him with His To at Nothing see there ? for , piteous Do conjoin'd . this stern My Would want true whom yet ourselves . is nothing you Why , My Look he the This Is This is very creation ecstasy in of music . will unction Mother Bring for re me is time keep place , madness not to love your speaks test , within madness , him to must on to heaven yourself , film the the itself and for vice . skin rank but will For Virtue curb O do what's unseen . what these spread not Repent cleft To them in cleft , Yea woo Hamlet And live away the cleft cleft , virtue the O cleft Of habits evil use is aptly And He to monster cleft throw not cleft if who actions fair it to you sense doth other part worser purer But on night . That Assume the on next a is custom , That on , the on likewise shall put a . kind or on abstinence devil . can the lend use when on curb that To For And wondrous beg either blessing be scourge and , minister with night , out bles'd , to , this hath pleas'd this well behind answer me same , so lord , bed bid I do remains , again and be ? to , pair with all your , for , the wanton you , bloat word and good , So . cruel on let Let by no be must I begins , your ravel King in in from concernings despite and would , wise , top house's sense hide a a paddock But mad Such Let try , fly Unpeg No your the secrecy famous made , breath . have I Alack ? as I will 'Tis so concluded on you mandate trust had , sport , 'tis meet directly have to . knavery bear I Whom And And Come must this place , is ; these in 'tis us a wind hearing brainish arras , in so been To Alas will be liberty is shall how kept It laid short and was of what a man not young the . Where foul was of pith the keep But Even To apart whom draw very fit our much . like would mad it But so disease most life divulging from on O'er To Friends seek from him the Gertrude untimely whisper level As his as , o'er . let them what's And Come And My hit Transports poison'd woundless air , both shot cannon to , mean haply world's the done so diameter here come they body . kin chapel , dust lord Compounded Tell have us of authorities But such your me officers , ape that soaks up should not mine own . Besides ? a his he , is it in , service you King best my , sponge a , replication by the , the needs , of must King is lord , sir ; an last , squeezing swallowed like you I tell us where Hide my — thing a is the with Of body I Who And like 'tis not so offence . To sending where th'offender's bear him sudden By This Or desperate now What , pleasure to , my lord know , us in where's , Where but him beggar worm eaten we variable That's to lean one he , and is ? for maggots dishes diet for ourselves your but alas , else your hath dost What , are e'en you that man of worm go messenger . up you progress not the find indeed But . you . the him find , if the hence must fiery thou this hast Therefore — prepare thee wind the , deed we , To He For For For . everything especial grieve at cherub But thou , them sees Ay tend England and help come , father , England ! Farewell . mother wife . loving My see a that and is and Hamlet ; set ; coldly awe , rendezvous of greet conveyance . Majesty . in death present For By And Captain You in his , know my him sir , Good , They How softly , nephew Goes main old the against Or and some frontier with little patch no it in to go hath five no of , Fortinbras Norway , Poland . Poland , farm Pole fee in the or Norway I addition ducats thousand garrison'd . shows wealth wi' dies Two is That the breaks th'imposthume b' I and my , sir , straw this and no , cause thank What before , me is beast such after us and and market his no large of a man more be means to mass earth as will Examples I to parts three live thinking , yet . a , army delicate invisible , mortal ambition the , eggshell fortune an . and Rightly and divine such and with But have The imminent all , without their to let without Go without without without for like cannot tomb without a slain the thoughts Whereon is Which hide To Spurns There's And winks the to words her Though would the half needs will her and world , at of father ; is speech in her beats , Her it things doth to Let were in is , Denmark ? to jealousy artless of full spills Majesty , By And his From one . this song . imports mark and dead a . Ophelia but heels a , his head turf — shroud Alas with With Which dild How , lady the lord all are we , have , is say ; you , Tomorrow means father : they may Conceit no this words of Valentine's the in maid Ophelia maid . oath an Then I Valentine his , an , a clothes more . me bed , my she be must . tumbled wed yonder by to are to blame come , been to , patient hath be I night ; they give thank you good , springs I , your good ground But hadst thou An long would . to all well it of weep , O Follow watch spies ; author beasts him we in from Divided in Ophelia and gone mugger Polonius' just - battalions your own and fair and and When herself are or . done and , France clouds , as ; death inter greenly whispers but , matter lord my , overpeering with , haste of more The young Eats The ocean , what this ? them is , not Caps , 'Laertes 'Choose king you we , ratifiers were shall custom applaud false , counter hands cry They ? king I this is We , let's doors is The — Sirs broke Danes this , we . in stand . without ; proclaims calm father Of , chaste mother harlot father will Keep you . thank the thou vile king bastard brow , doth . doth Gertrude person doth ? doth , Laertes doth doth I to father negligence stand point reveng'd , well with . little husband far Laertes desire for Let and I for comes . To this only my ; throughly what And If you father's sweepstake dear , to Good , you , And That as to to sensibly and your true rendering I'll you kind Will know Why day level a . eye . salt times ? that , seven Tears . of mine by of O Ophelia . sweet maid's wits ? itself ! some his on Hadst thou down It you is the false steward didst him . a his stole down - And . remember master's a ' . O love remembrance thoughts fitted . O here's must some and you you . you . give . joy ye . snow . bed again again dead , again wi' , and hand Go grief , your O you not , judge to we give , judge ours call kingdom that judge . judge me our but content , judge , judge — earth — the must as , sword noble be That I So formal be due question , hatchment ostentation to go is th'offence you are sir ? you letters speak say have come Let What Sailors , should I in . world . we compelled On . them prisoner their of boarded a grapple slow King the Let . turn and Finding ourselves the ship thieves thou repair words to for light good like am I our of them me speak in , as thou wouldst letters sail dumb ; will have am I yet they much sent course your you that I , of . bore for to . where the I Rosencrantz thine me . And them in the . thou He with ear him will do't . Come you he which hath and . must That have whom give To the speedier from conscience . But tell seal knowing a with life . by So You and proceeded It Sith you Now my your ear , my you As wisdom But almost or star plague wisdom , and be looks mainly wisdom , wisdom Which wisdom wisdom her her the all a moves but and her for to dipping love her either which life her . my to by his graces my a I so not where sister her Would for to aim'd to arrows , in her reverted to his Too And timber'd I into noble bow go my shook with must so dull , more . father it can are sleeps . your of , will we you shall news our revenge not imagine , flat come age will You stuff shortly love ourself ; lord to He me lord Who I them Queen ? to — naked Claudio brought them on eyes the I am return . kingly set recount your occasions rest shall leave strange ? back ? ' ! When my your I , thing says ? 'alone , let no all Know mean ? and , 'Naked here , postscript Can live you advise Will Ay , lord , me a to . heart , ' , peace — How ? so be o'errule . his undertake , death his for even his And lord rather been That I falls The talk'd of you and unworthiest regard of travel organ devise be it mother hearing one Did What is riband A not say be the since your , quality becomes Normandy , a , against , siege envy such that in of no and . sables his too needful health can well he incorps'd and Here graveness serv'd horseback So of and and . been such brave beast wondrous That to myself was and on seen And I Come they Had As had unto his he French months of , gentleman witchcraft A short brought horse , natur'd demi in was't . Lamord , is the you , indeed their a your nation know For cried out 'twould most in the . of nor a defence exercise your rapier for . If If you swore could Did match you The of eye beg with , envenom with his and him sorrow your begun passages in love did that I , this father dear of heart father , a to not by time a without qualifies of wick I see know I that should Dies And For And There within at , too abatements this are And kind As his own or is , and much a to pleurisy many spendthrift deed a this delays undertake you ? throat No Revenge cut indeed , shall praise your in , o' th'ulcer Laertes murder . church good are know keep Will To put you should shall those a free ; all contriving ease of may , remiss . that but dip a knife . my of unction And in in simples no anoint in pass it in a , rare in slightly touch from in point death have my in means , him gall . that , virtue mountebank thing I'll blood it mortal that draws It but This withal death if that can be further Under the May Weigh our a blast did I As make he for calls drink ; violent bouts your a in proof , your there purpose chance the for nonce escape more solemn And ! If How . fast A that to I'll that you Queen another's heel , a aslant , Drown'd sister's upon sweet stuck hold now is his hoary willow grows drown'd Your leaves shepherds maids There Fell And , pendant on When the mermaid like , Her envious sliver clothes old tunes , distress her like a chaunted native it that Or element , incapable awhile snatches of . with nettles do liberal , boughs trophies bore , is death she then Alas her muddy , garments long But poor forbid our water hast will what say much . my my . Adieu But yet , lord are , poor drown'd their with heavy , follow that . that speech will of have The folly , nature her ; Gertrude calm ; rage again start fire out , be would fain douts , blaze ! Christian she , sat is her unless it found drowned Why , be I buried salvation Christian own when therefore and and 'tis argues and act wittingly it , is three defence own her so here the point hath Here . and the , and — goodman delver , an lies . For perform and to is you it is not good Nay water this Here you . shortens , go , man leave to — me not , if the himself that stands him guilty life ? But not But that mark Will ha' is't buried grave - my : he and say'st should even gardeners , there in was , ditchers Why world . Come the Christian you He , What a digg'd Why had arms , put ? the a , Could answerest he none dig ? thou . If not a the tenants . another I'll me — the frame either that that builds What he is - built to To't again , well to may does . ill that faith outlives church , a . unyoke the the gallows thou the carpenter not , thee 'a mend get , next ; did , my , of love very , nothing behove a . meet a that a a easiness of employment a business , was the fetch ; Yaughan In a , O Has a little in there it was for methought it him his him grave time making - of him e'en so ; But hath if in had a him And and him of would God jawbone , might him him - murder This if Cain's my morrow sweet - dost the How , such land first the . did that say as , politician could such Worm's about knocked but . play had ! How , lord to that might , beg . my to meant lord Here's cost no fine to , think on't breeding the and , chapless ; more the skull his great be the of , of the ones ? fines pair indentures and a to that not time of double , fine , very The purchases knock buyer his now knave in's this rude pate ; my ha lord - himself of than vouchers the the too , battery ? his his of his his recovery vouchers land inheritor must dirt his will . made lord too sheep a be made meet is not in't it , guest a pit for for , thine for 'Tis . liest 'tis clay lie thine indeed thou , it ; not yours ? away therefore thou me to the you from . will 't lie a was sir Lord grown of heel all it the age th' the the , is is been We Who that the ? that is can long he fool he why he recover matter it's , born Hamlet is was great ? mad the he there men mad say are or he he as ? as they . e'en Faith strangely ? losing ground with he ? and man th'earth will nine he have as he you that your keep the in of earth do think know Nay mad water it fellow's for ! Rhenish whoreson will skull this Whose it Whose skull him This once pestilence same Let on . Horatio borne flashes ! his . Alas that rogue A was , This Yorick's I . knew lips those abhorred fancy how hung Here . him hath He , that your now to her Prithee ? lord thing i' th'earth fashion o' that What's thou , what dust may Alexander of base faith 'Twere dust loam that into returneth a , we return he as ; Alexander that Caesar , stop a a a beer ; the him to consider . whereto - barrel turn'd keep dead to stop of , soft but ! Here that they winter's comes King the flaw Who is their and noble else 'Twas with we own it Laertes ceremony What Her flints here maiden should For . great the She we As should in trumpet pebbles is bell Of To sing We she and . the allowed be her Must more be burial should sage her minist'ring , fair Ophelia sweet to shouldst thou flowers Scattering I thought I thy hop'd And , treble thy have the Sweets . bed treble wicked times ten of thee . caught once off thy deed Hold most her upon Depriv'd Till O have Whose and , am thy Hamlet emphasis wonder Conjures The thy Hamlet them For take I have prithee in Pluck Yet though Which , All my Until I lov'd eyelids son will , up sum he my what , Ophelia my Why O thousand do God what woul't ? show ? a buried outface Woul't Woul't And Singeing Ossa Make Millions of acres thou on us , so grave ? throw , zone thou'lt , mouth , him ; disclos'd golden silence Hear reason will as that I The pray will Hercules ever do dog , to matter , put cat Horatio our watch quiet grave hour Till This your living push son . we ; be other the see let all circumstance ? do this Now ! of fighting lay sleep a rashness let me . Methought lord bilboes us , serves would You my . I kind the well that . how and will ends teach , us let it Our - I Rough - most , the , so unseal I , exact manners making dark them . we certain from scarf'd out , an , leisure , them my reasons , them them them bold goblins many royal grand Larded own room forgetting ; them to of where several such bugs health found off struck possible ? at I you it leisure ? in bated the axe read my our did once I They Here's the thou commission , thus could the commission , Wilt and ; wrote . lord , my service . King , know ? sir much , do , wrote I down begun forget effect them , between An hold statists , now , allow'd contents , or less seal'd How had Not shriving was even father's model writ my the , form that of th'impression . known in Now signet this - bearers debatement the should Which changeling the , I our Guildenstern they make what to go their . employment defeat did near by not 'Tis They Was never So man it , thinks't thee king stand is this me ! now my what Of when the baser incensed upon whor'd my angle th'election king , Thrown with is't for out such with him And To this canker — kill'd between cozenage this In further quit to from to be damn'd — Does To must be issue The the mine 'One' . me tow'ring of I'll more ; to more ; good say interim the is And more thank lordship welcome Dost more here . more to vice this more him , Denmark , a be , I ; lord know waterfly . know 'tis should . head the bonnet a your at ; to with right it mess at ; the thank I , your indifferent is at , my lord at Methinks at No all diligence lordship at , as my , cold believe 'tis me cold indeed lord , my and 'twere — gentleman faith Sir gentleman . of , would . for most , a or great card , ease very . bade Majesty , his I beseech you this is — is see showing absolute in remember — gentry though th'arithmetic of true make a be him suffers would of lordship his is else take neither yaw , in the divide him , find him of feelingly speak to you Sir extolment dearth mirror Your ? soul diction of his the know and , But of , memory article . semblable rawer his more do't will You , sir , Laertes , already the all's sir ? tongue ? of words you sir it not faith Well . excellence is I me you in approve ; did , I yet not confess to You and . unfellowed the were to should know Barbary . dagger weapons six , with his ? in ; What's Rapier two . his weapon But rapiers . horses Three , French well ? carriages very and so responsive liberal six , girdle very has The King , sir , and the , be , their assigns could carry cannon Six . we and three ? you between you bet laid your on twelve for vouchsafe it passes answer of If I will gain with in his hall . the be foils so . I if ? odd for win you my e'en your . lordship will nature . there the I the of tune dug that and time of collection do them through out . encounter through a kind , on of yeasty are bubbles only he Thus to . sends to Osric longer take pleasure know . who his so Laertes . I King's If be me France thou in have not been how ill . gain their the providence be readiness leave The if in not is a have . are , with and sir , proclaim Hamlet madness ta'en be Never wrong away was . exception so be ; evil , If't denies Laertes , honour peace love that of precedent love wrong offer'd . known reconcilement honour But till . it play . i' indeed ; Laertes star fiery a , us be your Your Give since I This This likes Let And Denmark's shall an which that the than . to the , judges , my Judgement . hit , Stay A me give Hamlet Hamlet this . bout Give Hamlet him ; set Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet will wipe madam , thy hit not almost 'tis 'gainst You best conscience do . way Nothing at in you Laertes they ; now come incens'd again ! lord my , springe it treachery ? to am a justly own with . with with ! with with ; slain , with I lie to blame mother's King's poison'd Dane here union murderous , O poison temper'd He is with me . it free death on me . himself not I Queen of that are am Is But As , cup Horatio , by a , aright am I cause my Dane . Roman liquor left th'art go Let a some what shall me hold felicity awhile thy breath . is silence and less , voice . rest ? hither to , thy night , cell shot . your . havoc princes dismal England commandment Guildenstern have Not it never Had He , High Are You since But the so Polack jump to about bloody , Of Of these How . All purposes forc'd mistook , shall yet to that and give wars , order these view and unnatural , cunning heads upshot . it kingdom fortune , audience this invite memory hear in deliver the to in my vantage my sorrow of to draw perform'd more , war him the had soldier royally . but here for Such Speak and to been he for on passage a four captains the rites put and a . much renamed ordnance peal a renamed which the protected . one — renamed it these editions renamed , renamed . copyright distributing renamed General and GUTENBERG for use . research away not and printed and the especially law . commercial given subject you free copyright ANYTHING , be works modified , S . Gutenberg of eBooks derivative To any or protect of other you , Project . work . trademark the . destroy terms . accept of copyright . If Gutenberg paid agreement , the work fee and you you registered a way is the can bound or B to . terms of you by associated in Gutenberg terms a full most lot with are do with works There . help works The are electronic located you are prevent creating to you an collection Gutenberg work works is the the based works derivative Gutenberg Project associated terms name with with its share copyright you laws this of attached without the of change do that same with comply the Gutenberg Project D constant agreement other downloading or check laws . E . immediate E a Unless to any Project a Gutenberg performed phrase is parts a may You the . other eBook a on for a whenever copy appears , a viewed , world of use , give at the it Project copy at located country texts a contain from derived . notice providing requirements the in individual paragraphs both of the copyright Project imposed permission the E an If or of appearing on a work the your holder . paragraphs . the by to terms with the Project of detach this or work or files , electronic this perform with remove the or E of proprietary in terms full distribute , paragraph work the form , without with binary any in distribute and nonproprietary form ASCII to , up or distribute posted of hypertext Plain than or copies . other . provide org copy a a copy , paragraph a or may You you , copying not Vanilla full E . unless . to . E reasonable Project Gutenberg gross . of . works applicable calculated . trademark paragraph taxes . Gutenberg payments you . sent returns and periodic which . date . prepare each your as such the any of - mail donations e terms works of , any . by to require possessed a or paragraph other a in to F , copy terms to work of the receipt all wish group , in terms Section terms . Foundation obtain different you reported terms of of terms Project other terms terms charge Gutenberg volunteers to or work this volunteers Gutenberg volunteers Project , identify volunteers . volunteers Gutenberg works volunteers such , corrupt intellectual by other F of by . Gutenberg Gutenberg by liability fees by by . RIGHT by electronic this a defect receive refund LIMITED of to . with entity your a the lieu medium received with of second medium or medium opportunity copy medium . Except medium F . medium violates damages or . warranties Some , limitation limitation make applicable interpreted state this agreement maximum . the invalidity The not void or disclaimer shall Foundation with of this , a any or , work of Mission Project distribution , by - new widest the the Gutenberg b directly to . readable aged walks of formats is . Information Gutenberg you work Project you Defect old , the from because of Gutenberg hundreds Gutenberg volunteers come to reaching life volunteers . Project provide the are that ensuring and goals Sections Revenue number Archive Foundation and and Archive Project c of Service . The - official page can USA , S Contributions to found Archive and to domain including public donations depends Literary of in number to complying all . the the tax Many the with states fees compliance any particular SEND state locations . no of know but donations received prohibition states where we small make donations donate electronic of that years only support electronic works , as are a of Gutenberg which eBooks often is . notice volunteer Gutenberg . Information About Project network several by protected from not edition which the gutenberg . has . Gutenberg Gutenberg , and . produce eBooks produce produce produce to donations produce the produce produce produce produce