Stand me Who's Stand Stand Stand hour . Stand Stand to Stand 'Tis heart . Stand Marcellus them Horatio , and night quiet . stirring Not relief this For The rivals And honest good Dane . liegemen hear I , my has , Barnardo , again thing Horatio A , this What Horatio will this to And Therefore apparition speak again have , sight entreated twice take our but belief seen awhile again minutes , story . this speak we down from part , our , the of it . like It the King harrows Looks Thou Question In march See speak it stalks majesty that sometimes Did What art Together which By the ! and . answer ! avouch believe ! this not more ! something ! You think you the mine Such When was the . the very th'ambitious he , stalk jump in before martial , the down to scope eruption and subject daily such work at me tell cannon ; task land he our my I dead this thought hath to cast of observant , brazen nightly implements shipwrights not Does And toils and strict Why sit of for , pride appear'd of emulate Fortinbras by . joint night be divide - King Norway us haste week the whose sore , Hamlet valiant our , Fortinbras ratified with the our King a life of know as Was least , the even At image you to slay Which he who by which world law in esteem'd seal'd those Fortinbras of of , Was And Hamlet of Now as sir by Norway list the had ; full the , competent ; which young same the , I , hand our rummage other no be lost compulsatory . And foresaid sort haste and of and armed That watch As hath the terms watch motive e'en the of watch these wars . watch . head watch so question the is through it that watch in so land watch watch . King the to tenantless in the Roman of mind's and high most the influence ; fire dews events with of still omen our And even soft to preceding As squeak with in whose sick Was As the and climatures Speak hast , though be any to sound good be , voice to and me , use . of thing it ! where it together and the earth Have . me to may , life country's thy ! mockery the majestical . invulnerable , crew . charm time to planets power , the night all of ever that our bird , then The The No It So fairy hallow'd the heard , Let we , Unto This Do , you needful we shall , green our To sometime sister discretion in that our woe marriage dole we have delight and and , one brow of , state defeated with a , queen ourselves our joy , eye in with one our of advantage message all which , along that you of dear out late law writ late late hears to , scarcely have Fortinbras late : meeting here late young : is brother and , and late ; proportions late in , are here to late , dispatch , made suppress all than old more articles VOLTEMAND will , heartily : what's the What . the is't news thou to of What . not And The We doubt , In You of cannot now us You lose your some wouldst reason beg , thy , Denmark the ? have lord , go it at , my , Laertes , thy Hamlet my kin , more than will thine leave Polonius What and at consent leave hard be still spend and last time cousin clouds I thy on son it that the . is How lord not for 'tis common noble nature father , must dust on , than and less you friend eternity madam with , thee ever look , Hamlet in lives lids . Denmark off vailed Passing , seems through thy for to that is cloak , not ? I ; particular is If be good , of play woe of suits nature and that moods , which , the , river the , bound father father show Hamlet , to in the have denote with all forms within the duties is 'Tis most for a to term your , his , know must you sweet and But Of It give , obsequious do lost To For As A Take In An we any In impious shows know unmanly to , must heart the absurd , thing and is impatient , throne earth to our to pray he till corse fathers most Fie the should be sense opposition to us whose to a a and We , let nobility desire , remain our comfort the today , your love Hamlet our eye ; to bend to . Wittenberg not prayers , to her madam reply fair , I pray thee in Why gentle to smiling But No as Be I Let not shall ourself in cannon rouse today again ! and . Everlasting had too King's resolve the ! Fie weary 'tis flat itself earthly great jocund health speaking that . tell , dew God ! fix'd O my to so come unweeded ! into solid too this that O on't grows His That Possess But So might ; too ? if her he excellent dead nay king not ; so beteem , yet , poor my thy shoes old month ; discourse those name is she even ; mourn'd Why wants with ; married like my reason ; hang Heaven the Why on That ; on't Frailty . would had body woman ! uncle father's were . tongue I it , It break But With such Hail nor cannot come . tears for month most Within . galled eyes good my , for The for for am your poor my lord friend for : for for : ever . sir for — servant And And glad very what My make Marcellus Wittenberg , from Wittenberg . truant report violence so . that — to in shall Nor teach My my I to is your , Against To make you your ear say my . my . upon my wedding student funeral depart Elsinore my your mock not do my my lord But to drink my you was follow'd in tables funeral The ! fellow see came to hard - mother's , day marriage Horatio my . lord , Indeed , Did Would ever father had had — that dearest coldly , Horatio in again him saw look man shall My upon think , once ; not lord I King My The I while for . King your his all ! father Who I your , my the an Season father attent and Barnardo marvel This together waste these hear gentlemen deliver , to watch me distill'd , night impart act , eyes he thrice surprised they , march solemn with of the , father your pie like and length with - jelly oppress'd they thing But are comes the third deliver'd , him of fear . we . true kept they the secrecy , This . did in good watch ? it where knew . the of Where had the I none as morning like head did ; once did would loud , haste crew platform My lifted to motion the vanish'd But shrunk in and 'Tis the then answer Did lord at sound And it ; duty writ lord it . 'tis true methought speak away sight . live , my ? BARNARDO you indeed I And think tonight , We do Arm'd MARCELLUS , Indeed , of our watch lord Both , yes you his . beaver face ? up Pale Nay And or , very pale upon his eyes you ? like Longer like , would much Very BARNARDO . I haste . MARCELLUS I no ? and when I grizzled longer I , I life I tenable have Let I as I watch tonight it seen have will I I If I'll noble Upon requite else in your silence still , all gape noble you tongue noble no this I . peace my to it hitherto though hell itself sight tonight fare noble . you eleven , shall noble the I'll platform in arms noble ! foul loves , to noble as soul night men's : noble well not is ; were visit Our father's then all necessaries , My And convoy But sister let that ? Hamlet a violet in youth , and of sweet in , not , you ; minute a . more suppliance so more this grow . it No no ; must mind and soul loves ; will but you doth alone now you Perhaps withal inward The wide And The Grows greatness is of his yielding says body , birth his depends choice ; his unvalu'd will . His he is For may he , Carve the the fits main in his deed ; list open , sister , treasure danger it importunity my your of fear , To keep it she Virtue The oft Too the And morn before Contagious Be Youth canker galls buttons are rebels blastments to watchman As not steep puff'd path own . fear But my good ungracious as th'effect , best and primrose the Whilst Yet here wind upon , my . in The are Nor any of hoops his There . vulgar means thoughts thought . for Look thou There But do entrance Of There There There Give every There not thy thine th'opposed a dull with comrade Beware There , entertainment , in There rank and man ; buy reserve can , proclaims ; thy rich thy purse in friend ; true husbandry . being but that . the any own self as be blessing my it Are the apparel borrowing all : to both edge of and chief the station both : be fancy both oft nor both thine a loan For both And Thou both This And both humbly : Most both The And both time you have Ophelia , and to you remember , of . to lock'd memory key the hath said Have So Given If 'Tis told me audience time so private been most , understand daughter affection like me of Give in And As Unsifted , not Which , are it thus , not , teach . what speak such ! Of my these ta'en you lord his green . call pay , them ? think should I yourself think tenders true dearly poor the me ; phrase go to , speech ; it to his vows of , holy prodigal the fashion Lends springes And Ay When blood to woodcocks , maiden it fire your a at for entreatments parley you with so Believe Even Giving something Set Than a Be command not must may Than believe his of This , any you shall lord come you to't I so words I charge for leisure from ; talk with terms . moment is the slander obey The It ? Wherein the heard it not my mean , spirit doth King Keeps The What he - triumph marry to And my to And honour'd the , the headed , and and ; indeed perform'd . custom , phrase at attribute nature they choose cannot birth some our our oft So As Oft form of habit pales the Or , Being censure dram pure star of stamp ; and of much in not origin are some forts complexion them , guilty , that , his o'erleavens too ; defect one manners the — infinite in that virtues plausive that — these Fortune's as noble my of heaven thee a of and thou lord ! defend . damn'd or wicked such thee Be Why burst we again the in , a . cerements thy burst bones his op'd cast hideous to shake our we and thoughts , Have With why Say is fools disposition What with it action did the of ? waves go It go go go go go go for go my should , not soul Do ; set a , I my what forth deprive draw And That Without The You Go Hold shall call'd as each body him a ! away By am makes , He . after 'tis Let's follow Have ; lead Speak , I come tormenting flames no to unfold shall but poor I , me To to am art thou Doom'd the burnt To Would I the crimes done in that days the am of night ; unfold whose thy freeze my of soul combined - lightest house , list best in is ; it with of . unnatural and the ! and Murder as most his Revenge foul to May find be than wharf , weed . swift apt , as I , thoughts to the love Hamlet of death my my , thy thou of the forged stung stir itself in this so know Mine soul father's noble in ear the fat . sleeping sting his that me uncle , gifts was dignity there . have adulterate his and hand in in her to made The Hamlet , my and queen marriage it shape itself But . lust Will to court mine will wicked I of sate prey methinks ! though And a a celestial in , never of radiant the scent So Though , That To soft let lewdness wretch whose it in a ; to heaven mov'd be ; within of ; pour , vial man So droppings of through ; loathsome my even Of Most I , sleeping at sin : account unanel'd of hand crust ; dispatch'd to my disappointed imperfections reckoning Unhous'led , all the queen and vile instant crown of All eager vigour . about it . did blood tetter body blossoms smooth with life was Thus off With O No Cut Taint to - And glow 'gins The , thy mother , nor leave in Fare the uneffectual this damned ! horrible thou Let couch for , most . of her Denmark act pursu'st thou thy thorns his adieu , to shows . Remember , me fie grow , hell adieu ! Hold instant , In I'll youth books Ay of wipe . not O , the away ? heaven old ? a ? thee earth my heart ; thee memory globe while Remember memory , heaven , live , villain ! my alone volume woman . past . him . lord . Lord word , ho ho be it ! Come Illo ho Within , No Good O , it . tell reveal , lord you'll , would be MARCELLUS and . secret lord . all Denmark grave of man ? once dwelling , come are circumstance point you . lord Horatio is I'm are sorry faith there ; my . pray words Yes but and you Yes And an Patrick to Touching this my offence by are your is It my MARCELLUS . not . make lord swear't , I . lord , in . will and what , Never Nor my my , upon sworn , sword my faith Upon Swear already . truepenny . sword cellarage you . the Art my my , seen have . sword by , oath Beneath my that my . upon again that . so friends strange wondrous but stranger is this heaven philosophy your help so never soe'er odd or hereafter — shall , if and could phrase head antic earth it Horatio come , and times an perchance , shall disposition , bear I or some your Swear mercy aught speak' or , know' list ; grace perturbed do me to gentlemen , do , you you together , is Hamlet as friending and love a poor . Let , Reynaldo , inquiry make to . wisely . are , Danskers said well means and son , drift will know his And Take That Than your encompassment , me and they 'And As mean in But sir , mean dishonour and be very mean ; such mean noted companions As , most lord mean . of on 'not mean none , youth and liberty , ' and heed mean put so that swearing mean As To As may usual known mean and charge him in incontinency of faults liberty fiery taints unreclaimed in outbreak the of savageness and meaning : seem The A may scandal on Of flash he That not That's a blood . so ; quaintly , but good I know my of drift , th' my on soil'd that , warrant fetch here's my is a these it sir , this prenominate guilty consequence , working sullies Mark converse seen thing him , this . believe in The Your you the or , i' the . I ' the What in , or 'closes about does about consequence thus , t'other such and consequence' yesterday with , as sale' See now ; you reach of of or a forth . directions wisdom : this and assays out of not tennis' , bias truth tennis' rouse you tennis' tennis' , have you tennis' tennis' tennis' tennis' my . lord you fare lord Good inclination And him ply the been matter . Ophelia , lord my How , and , look horrors been , he loosed piteous stockings all head , down had , know for , do , hard , bulk eyes lets the me . on seek ecstasy . find with violent is very will I last o' seem'd He And And end For And the his his without his shoulder their King ? sorry of , letters as you command judgement . heed better with made to did mad him I to meant had I him that . our jealousy hard access repel have you ; hath That I did His am it beyond it fear'd , trifle age might hate than hide As To This I be must lack More To common grief Resembles Hamlet's that The Welcome much have transformation th'exterior Something to , you Guildenstern and long use have be himself hath , him , afflicts much him So nor death neighbour'd vouchsafe little aught , gentlemen you rest and our to and pleasures to from much men . he you adheres us not of you him remedy within If two gentry hope will and much so am to time time and us of us good awhile thanks such with profit receive Put fits supply a Might , to pleasures Than We , obey more majesties both dread sovereign your have power our your by Your lay , be ourselves To here And And too Guildenstern son presence from Th'ambassadors helpful and . Hamlet practices our make I ? lord my do Hunts trail or my — us'd it Both And I , lord of hast Have , I Thyself tells He The head , and me I His O shall my sweet bring that of to them fruit that ; feast great hath main marriage , him shall death it doubt , what of first our be To a levies Welcome Most return he which 'gainst into look'd better Upon against But , fair greetings Norway . to out and , Highness ; age , preparation your sent appear'd , in never your fine , obeys impotence , against , Norway arms crowns herein , before to those soldiers overcome against such dominions please entreaty Through more and Most at regards are . As therein It consider'd upon well allowance , read business feast well is This What Were Go thank My welcome , to , and madam night night waste be ended the , and of outward flourishes mad for ; Your to nothing that be tediousness brief it to son madness . less art . go define to since . brevity but , Therefore be limbs else let matter with , let Or That pity he Madam , remains find grant out , effect then . by thus she is Perpend — mark . whilst have the the the him I . true farewell mad , 'tis us is 'tis But Mad For it And That it we rather — soul's you shall to from this Came Hamlet thou ; sun I the Doubt Doubt Doubt madam I dear But Ophelia Good never stars are . machine me , Adieu , it . and ear mine , given not believe is . his ? solicitings art you might . me this it do of what wing that faithful you book table , or winking the told , I faithful here might on and honourable you tell faithful think , faithful faithful the faithful , your queen faithful desk love seen prove faithful so perceiv'd I of his gave star : resort to the , ' should a receive fruits a short thence then into , sadness , madness a watch And the to to into , tokens , my . and fast weakness declension , a a and raves ? that and and , know ' , and . such I and been , otherwise this , I know . and very prov'd and if from this That there Hath this Take Within How know So Here sometimes he it . hid indeed further try centre walks four in may and I . from me be If reason . leave me , a Do Excellent I sir , That's to Then Honest as honest maggots carrion you , were lord a my th' i' How say me gone truly And you . by Aside sun I . have may conceive Conception Friend you lord very far daughter . gone was but was . to't my He for my Yet was not is was read , on was a Still harping . said youth I — was . words Words , matter you ; was , says slave wrinkled they was have though their which not honesty . as madness , it plentiful have sir to I lack old . sir ; tree gum mean matter the that , there . method ? lord is am of I thus a set like my , pregnant and my take hits him I . part more , my fools old save Polonius go To the tedious well seek These Lord God . to My excellent Fortune's in As indifferent children , are not her shoe ; button ? thou dost How ! lads cap Happy of the her . true ; privates the lord happy very of grown Let we strumpet . hither my sends , But near Then particular . parts my What , you that news . the ? not the Then being it none 'tis , makes to We ambition your then , Why could , God that not one a nutshell dreams count is lord th' which goodly , infinite then I space indeed ambitious dream is Which Truly Shall and bodies ambition is are ; for I the but a shadow a outstretch'd my , heroes sort with you upon I the rest servants my by most am make beaten you to . of a . monarchs For at you . a ; inclining ? in thanks my I am friends your am way honest other come Come too lord , it with What . Is , should own I like an not man dear it ; lord my me anything kind of poor nay halfpenny , free Were ? thank I visitation and not for you , is there ? for ; not , sent Come . you speak say we purpose have Queen lord you , with what conjure dear me me of direct no What or say the consonancy for youth . a . fellowship must teach me . Guildenstern be let My have I then I to Queen we , will late why and , King were eye , and , indeed ; but secrecy this canopy know and , of appears most this no . work air the to is an like angel piece thing me moving And yet a and pestilent promontory my mirth my all to fretted of the What in world in form in , how like how in , brave sterile no heavily me not , earth it the Man smiling roof , of , a though Why did , such stuff seem , in my thoughts . is beauty of it , how congregation of this , way what , on ? entertainment me' neither woman what , me so delights have tribute ; peace th' part blank in lover and shall Majesty . them coted offer his his , target the the tragedians in better was travel , players Even chances How and of He players ; the king knight laugh mind players shall use shall or — tickle his players ? are , players wont for't . to players ways the the not players city such take players inhibition they comes indeed pace cry that How No , aerie in common little stages the ? Do These out on the top of question fashion call come that but ; 'em dare them — are How ? can to Who quills maintains there many , the thither escoted they writers they say not it both much they the pursue afterwards , bid for no What so the they rapiers are they no means no better on and Is't there , O boys it load do very has carry Denmark , of about question , fifty there are The hands . me I come , tell and something is is would not a garb this appurtenance outward Elsinore are Elsinore but welcome of you Elsinore welcome my should In - Elsinore players with Elsinore must . Elsinore I clouts Elsinore swaddling his Elsinore . you a west mad baby Happily right of . so Monday twice to for , he he's will tell a players . you was Rome . lord When hither Buzz are lord tell . I to lord actor my , buzz . his honour on Then - actors I , actors The Upon , historical the what lord my light , had judge comical the historical - be - too and a the scene tragedy — comedy , only 'One The daughter and — Israel more you call Am me What Nay my Still on . row As first , masters . friends you and and to thou , gold lady O good of are piece last We'll welcome uncurrent all mistress see . welcome all is ladyship my , cracked to't speech the But . general above the By'r thee heard , the a speech not of a be . a lord was I like French passionate , for , in digested affectation . more Aeneas' no the matters play I remember it and others million or an as thereabout it , let slaughter to were an Priam's , speaks were line me let — were the did were , purpose is lay were night horse ominous were , smear'd in he Pyrrhus arms were to complexion begins were resemble it and in : it daughters . with tyrannous it trick'd the impasted of When more it , wrath parching mothers , it and carbuncles with the . gore it it coagulate it , damned streets a . thus And their Striking too well vile Bak'd Now is fathers blood God my to his , So where . him , it rage of with top crash Ilium ; His good accent and . antique wind and drives command at Anon Greeks . lies Then , this declining , was Pyrrhus' . feel and senseless fell , sword the . For with sword . head . stood stick his a strikes . Pyrrhus th'air . painted Did as The . Th'unnerved father prisoner Stoops Seeming reverend like But And A As So in as , round hill and remorse , forg'd on take from All ! Fortune synod , thou general all out the spokes Pyrrhus' her long the . away falls less vengeance the Aroused armour did the him On a As the In And Break bowl the come That's come mobled threat'ning head and clout , 'Mobled 'The come late come ; come to come come , come robe — come upon o'erteemed fear in all of at she , heaven , made husband's her venom a flames the down . A for see tongue diadem the Where A Fortune's gods the state themselves saw she this Who Would passion of would with milch ; your well . used he will After , you players the you see , you will Use after better . I lord , bodikin man , the report well thee were much My whipping man own in , play you Come merit is Use every them use according tomorrow ? Gonzago . of some down a I which , or tomorrow sirs hear We'll friends him friend , You Ay you , would ? look to you leave . you , welcome that could Ay my lord lord for and my . so what and that Good peasant this dream conceit passion , own of player slave . in's his eyes in That Could To God O , it a But A With all conceit , here all ! suiting aspect visage his Now I am ! alone all ; nothing all drown ear general ? would her he to would for all the cue indeed . rascal mettled all ignorant weep him ? Hecuba all ? Hecuba for all he have cleave mad the muddy dreams - can Upon A Like The very damn'd a of the the Confound me and . I a life a my peak king for of , free coward not , No - eyes , And dull John guilty , the lie me it gall be ? th' ? throat does my most and unpregnant Am made . villain And off as , I should it : for cannot this ? dear ? face lack my kites ! words , is hell drab ! have play a and heart a cunning unpack very , scene the . heaven by ! kindless brave , bawdy Bloody a I lecherous son my scullion my Been For murder They miraculous something most , it have organ their the to so About - whore of ! like , heard but have seen , grounds thing melancholy such play's I'll More May him to course devil and the of conscience . the can relative puts all he very . me potent with spirits dangerous Get And you drift on of his he cause himself no sounded some confession . well you gentleman a like he Of does of But question free Most but reply . of his receive Did Most with Did forcing Niggard , raught there hear And We And - o'er , To of did think to hear To he And beseech'd it so him and give see all to ; on purpose And gentlemen on hear ; my on heart a , delights further inclin'd . edge on leave . espials seeing lawful Ophelia and so Her father on ourselves We , on Gertrude , shall too Hamlet on accident by closely sent on , wonted the honours shall beauties Ophelia you love . cause happy . I way suffers obey shall That Hamlet's him , your this Gracious . of . such oft that prov'd too an show . loneliness We much That — And Your 'Tis a lash 'tis Ophelia blame devotion's himself do . with the deed my is not Aside cheek , to How We pious To we sugar with to exercise may in o'er true that give plastering too devil are O beautied heavy The . be not burden lord helps the , suffer ? of sea die in ; slings by more and end The heart No them against and , by To Let's is that , coming the a mind to fortune — outrageous , come may there's , die ay To mortal dreams the what . this death so whips the calamity Must And wish'd perchance in To Devoutly For That to be pause off merit The insolence office of himself he patient When The oppressor's would That bodkin ? pangs The a grunt That of But that the sweat of something a would Who country returns us fly traveller and dread undiscover'd To bare hue native the thus conscience with make does Thus No makes And The And sicklied The does honour ; this yours well , remember'd sins many well long you my . moment , day I As made the And again with honour'd I , did . well you breath . them - compos'd lost mind means you Are be you Could That you Are fair , my to the sometime than . was bawd the ? discourse no from honesty ? transform translate time beauty gives . inoculate old . so believe cannot I . me relish I thee to but my ambitious , myself was nunnery were it thoughts the be in's upon nunnery my he may us do I as believe lord house him give thy dowry . escape thou calumny . marry , them you for plague shalt if thou heavens . sweet this ! needs Farewell thou farewell thee , Or you , him shut dost If chaste to thou fool face have heard of make you , to shall will Go , for nunnery paintings yourselves another on't your lisp nickname and more , what soldier's O live no Those as noble The Th'observ'd I , of noble that Now courtier's . have The Like Blasted seen what And glass see all Th'expectancy the . O feature of and vows reason harsh youth , see little , blown is what I a way hatch in form that . soul tend , prevent to different his something he of still in and variable the be which the believe you his beating . himself matter But , How on't ? I his yet heart him . what him , him with you please play as thus now the in , round , fit fit be or please . him not fit confine find , fit fit . where him ; shall you fit But it spoke mouth , as it fit do for not passion ; ones so think shall best many , must I your O but inexplicable it o'erdoing groundlings dumb , passion me torrent too , trippingly had and to your be both for ; end action , at to up nature , discretion own to the not purpose hold playing the , Herods - out too the the and form and the . make censure others O praise heard it though virtue tardy play that and whole a judicious of show overdone to , tame you from is observance action that her was pagan seen And have altogether of theatre thought Christian , neither journeymen nor of laugh , allowance gait the to speak bellowed so abominably of necessary some reform'd hope I some , profanely , man had . the most you shows there be of those them Queen that meantime on . we be the the And my that , barren quantity question the considered , too in What Here lord my , the but tongue pregnant revenue clothe No To may , thy should hope ; flatter hinges mistress of her thou been , hear the her For suffers and was suffering that one thee for And Since And could Hast Whose Hath To they judgement are thanks Fortune's seal'd let crook may feed Where That That my There Which I is blood and she please pipe . and will wear heart those that , Fortune's me I in before a - thy death foot his that my damned my imaginations foul seen finger man of that much the , soul judgements him both of . my will we stithy , And I mine In after eyes the mine Even , when very . unkennel Give rivet heedful his join ; Polonius Ophelia , Queen , air ? others , Rosencrantz promise , How i' our Get the I be eat must . i' , My these lord Hamlet of , Polonius . answer are . a kill'd so capital you did , accounted enact th'university and i' you . there patience upon dear my you lord , you of Hamlet Capitol you ? Brutus you th' Be you Ay Come No you It was here's here's do me your ; my here's mother hither To here's here's , King , I here's the here's my head country here's I a What thought think fair think Ay , should and man do but within's merry . be father my , What cheerfully 'tis maker my , let , Nay mother two . lord , merry , my a died ? have yet suffer O a ! is life months hours twice devil looks sables on there's , and kneels , and She , seeing upon him his , a of , it kisses takes with exits . off his declines lament Poisoner Queen with returns , action The her . She end . with accepts with means to head and her The crown some gifts the the finds The Marry this shall fellow us this . what tell : imports miching the the show shame you'll to or show not naught that know him : keep . cannot . you You stooping , hearing your our naught are tell any , Be not . play a sheen ground orbed twelve times and wash the our world thirty salt thirty my About in the may again Full And But So That cheer , most sacred Neptune's have thirties hands , moon ere love so though , in or proof siz'd , hath my , great is my and the great is , you commutual us So from far Make , woe journeys sun done must state you doubts and to world love love , littlest are leave functions their , this leave grow do as thee powers belov'd For must , operant must live shalt husband great thou let second Honour'd love . None My A Aside husband O wed second do When we is do second kisses thrift me dead , wormwood Wormwood , what , but slave we forget debt propose passion to 'tis necessary to doth grief , ourselves The The violence what birth violent I But Purpose Most ourselves ending accident ; mellow they in unshaken what Of Whether lead love great That The man doth shall love advanc'd down And But not want , makes hollow enemy friend lack fortune doth run , so are fates end where do none husband ours our and seasons needs hitherto who And Our are wills who think thy die earth Sport anchor's opposite widow have cheer desperation me To deeply spirits tedious Sleep come mischance rock thy Madam lady you , methinks world , name : work Duke's souls is wife Baptista . it touches us unwrung the my , is could I It Still you cost . Begin the , Come apt rank of drugs , thrice midnight fit , and blasted magic life , poisons is extant The rises . wife You . The how . story anon see shall Gonzago the very for's King of . Italian . Gonzago's . Away ? fire ? frighted How me , sleep must some cry share forest , strucken deer ; go ungalled hart turn fortunes Of I'll very Horatio good , ha Ah I , thousand my the for word Why , the . you ? what sir Ay With sir . choler to would him distempered . marvellous perhaps his with richer choler . some start not so sent me itself lord my show wisdom , doctor to should for Good The lord you good , make courtesy is tame sir my from affliction spirit great you Queen mother , your this business pardon Sir return , of wholesome . commandment ; my to Make wonderful son she stonish this behaviour lord . rather the . hath admiration her us our speak We shall obey O Then thus says that can mother's ! a ? there sequel to bed ? griefs pickers me love distemper deny You your and your the . you . Have go you closet in , liberty lack advancement mother ? did of King your . for with you into something do is a , drive is love in the you , be that How be understand duty you bold you To ? proverb would my I toil . pipe unmannerly . upon me too you my I lord , not do if I as give as breath easy , Look govern touch no with , beseech it of I . I music lying . you any would now , me , But cannot : know there you seem music me you compass , my look mystery to be you ; these yet cannot you on you from excellent , cannot bless would God speak my 'Sblood me sound how stops my thing make you a ; note , think though . camel indeed and almost a you of weasel is the By you cloud , shape camel . like is backed like like mass like . me a It bent is When churchyards Now now By . 'Tis quake Contagion will I , The will speak to soul I My , and this but be she somever , her , as I time Leave , night breathes . shent soul , this stands my not never , consent . you with us . prepare as hourly estate near of commission him your madness my in How I his To let I And all itself and 'noyance ourselves ; The of many ourselves upon and and from spirit ourselves the strength like a of doth ourselves the thousand the safe Majesty is armour life ourselves mind , ourselves peculiar many bodies rest ourselves draw . your . The What's That keep . lives whose weal depend and more . highest which petty consequence it mount . majesty massy , fear - GUILDENSTERN us alone Never but you . fetters goes will a , Attends Are mortis'd and huge the . with to this speedy ; falls . closet said audience wisely it myself his she'll arras call I'll , of And Since 'Tis My speech meet makes some more them that , nature And tell you ere you It My The you , Thanks . to , intent bound , heavens brother's this first Whereto offence , to come visage What where like stronger to inclination Though hath brother's Were Or is to turn . down forestalled confront the ? we ere it there to And in rain enough . than not with in to this twofold force fall look my I be be being but to the of cursed sweet white to to I'll Then possess'd my ambition , what am and currents the corrupted gilded And Offence's be , and world justice so not wicked of this above there But , nature true the oft hand seen , and teeth his out and . repentance Try give the Yet , when What the compell'd lies itself we , not ! What death repent it , assay strings - born new to Make can black ! babe of cannot then forehead O that , as . he is he Now I I'll villain kills my father , now to praying revenge . May : scann'd be goes pat reveng'd son am his his then thought reveng'd of knows as and hire now so And am I and , of O his sole is same stands purging course who , my . And But audit him for in his pleasure asleep him circumstance and or ; th'incestuous drunk blown And the , Up is take . thou gaming And hell , his Then Words straight will words fly up rises physic whereto King advances and . him Grace pranks his Pray Within heat him Much , you , I'll silence him mother . e'en stood coming offended what's you , Mother , go , Why What's Have now ? not you , with forgot me rood so brother's husband's rood rood ? rood sit Help , do thou rood may and set to down I rood And You are then rood not go , rood You you see you , rood that shall you glass ? me ho ! murder . help , Draws , O I what hast me , O , Nay what I a rash As rash rash Thou took rash Polonius I rash damned is rash I so me rash sense so I ; stuff bulwark rash tongue . an hypocrite blister . an the a , doth face contraction sweet solidity Yea rhapsody Calls false That And As very words so That this - and me Ay upon counterfeit a With The See loud this presentment what grace of and index : seal his , eyes mildew'd a two Jove of like Mars , was front himself brow , hill age feed what man ? sense err sure judgement not would madness for to it Nor The You - step Would you Blasting Here your your on batten hey And you sense in - hoodman sight blind sure at have Have . you What that it's what . at , hath But To hands sickly feeling reserv'd ecstacy was quantity difference apoplex'd could have this but you choice , devil you you sense thy . you sans cozen'd without without mope canst you in hell without was't a shame you where is ? you smelling fire let Rebellious a And you sweat , in When Since O I rank corruption , Stew'd In turn'st , mine Hamlet eyes see there And Thou daggers , No precedent of Of slave your that These a A O speak not and like twentieth villain of vice the , in shreds hover . pocket precious the shelf from is That put rule the And You heavenly me laps'd not Do important The and What o'er me with your gracious , to son your come Alas , guards say time acting you say say say visitation purpose sits say eye , and say blunted . mother her Hamlet works her say , say you soul ? vacancy hold do with your on peep alarm look you excrements , your lady is't air incorporal do you your with in the life . flame and stand as That your an . your cool and heat patience form Would your And your , hairs bedded ! him Sprinkle him your Lest My your whom want with — cause Will On on , effects do that hear . see ourselves all yet you but nothing look his away liv'd habit there is all see you at Nor did father is Why the doth It temperately in your brain ! to ; which not madness soul grace . place film will . music me word for avoid spread unseen the not past , compost me this on fatness vice must to my good do beg of the , to but , what Forgive For make do them in , throw and ranker Confess leave cleft for purer if , a to not eat , yet mine uncle's doth you angel , who of use the , virtue . O not But the of the worser , bed this worser livery and , worser in actions a kind of , worser , of out easy worser good , worser . worser him bles'd lord . good Refrain next more . night this . Once more it with be . That . bestow only again . kind , and this pleas'd . nature , so . but their and hath desirous . you I'll , With , repent I will tempt cheek your on , and worse , your , begins , scourge minister . answer , him him , be must , word this Not What , more shall I , bid bloat , pair his him , gib , mouse , out in not am queen 'Twere , hide , fly paddock a . essentially neck all this a with from of and in words And try And Be the , dear but your break birds the sense conclusions , own basket know ? that me no be house's basket Unpeg in assur'd must What life thou had . you I trust , said 'Tis England to of breath And I letters concluded on , way ; go meet . neighbour packing . this , good at I with them own 'tis marshal the seal'd will . sport the delve man into . to sir Who most in now the night still Indeed set crafts , directly me O moon 'tis counsellor , in translate is must , Ah , Gertrude , his lawless both ? Hamlet , lord good this on us ? while son what In man heavy to us . something hearing , this brainish arras cries old ! rat apprehension deed to laid bloody , whose of haunt kills ? there ; been answer'd everyone to us full of , deed shall But what , he He whom Gertrude metals , most fit out , a of mineral very the . was much foul it , feed for come , O sun The Shows Among a draw of weeps away and Ho madness with further kill'd hath body no ship excuse . majesty and ! madness haste and . in he dragg'd bring friends do our we what we'll know them let And Gertrude , level hit And And Come Go My soul As untimely , o'er the may discord O miss come dismay . world's done as woundless full Safely calls Within ROSENCRANTZ stowed O ? Lord ? have Who done on Hamlet GUILDENSTERN . the to it dust , may take . it believe that they come with us ? what replication , not be sponge my lord for what Besides of . by Believe chapel , to a king in his the it gleaned be he rewards service King's countenance jaw have of King corner what , my ear foolish the with is dry first mouthed but , end , is the after with us body . him seek sent lov'd where never And But must offence Who to that put we like He's not have How judgement not Deliberate . hath , my ? befall'n , and all desperate seem bestow'd cannot dead the ? from Without , Where . Polonius , pleasure . he , one your else . where supper eaten is That's variable we fat certain for diet emperor convocation maggots eat of and progress but with fish man may worm that fish that hath eat hath you king a of to . you especial as , do hast thine we — With that Go must , send the for tender To seek stay , bark England wind bent , thee everything Therefore , England ? is , and . dearly , Good , sees , For if . mother . Hamlet purposes wife aboard speed , for one . and him hence is Farewell Come wife ; him have is . tonight make thee at hold'st thereof cicatrice and thy , looks thou . awe free , us great power sword th'affair thy yet Since Delay it ; leans Pays present For The like the his kingdom his him Captain me conveyance my joys , it he 'tis , England ; aught in a by my his Howe'er his Danish Fortinbras . his king . rendezvous his of , If Tell that license his know the You . promis'd his , eye us . his ? you Poland of part his , sir are . addition ? no Poland ground . name farm it . not in Norway the speak to it A , is will never no to Or for some would or sold be it , then That God dies breaks souls the shows wealth of question much I and twenty , wi' humbly no thank it already th'imposthume thousand debate not inward man Will't And If to go sleep made feed and and market such go revenge you be but Sure Be go go godlike craven some . or in us go , precisely , quarter'd after go unus'd and , with before go straight man go . more discourse no not us whether reason A and good , large coward I . Led Witness To by cause thought which , Whose To Even When greatly have That honour's at not Exposing have all Go , their hide the slain ? bloody for fame men I shame see , and trick of fight this and cause , forth continent worth . things speaks speech nothing she her says and in is it own doubt , them . thought unhappily might be ; to . their collection words , one were . Let , in . amiss guilt nature is . come come come come be is true some . come come come come Denmark , come ? true one and . staff another cockle sandal hat your I love shoon And his know song , turf lady , his , as the bewept true - love grave With do a ? did go ! lord ; Which with sweet the lady baker's . father was How God , what let's you pretty this owl what Conceit means Then this , you we this this Pretty more this make , this an Indeed this la Let up dupp'd this and your the in at window , clothes his . to't . tumbled bed my yonder by , to come ? ground night , good . I , watch Gertrude slain author violent not ; springs you , single the O good her the father's come battalions son death ; in ; First they . deep grief gone just and is speeches matter his person , his to containing as all , France come him . and these , arraign this this my is noise , beggar'd my places is my and ear me , What my my my , overpeering the Let the door my what my them flats Laertes , not world ! tongues , ratifiers and They young lord his more we and hands false you , 'Choose be How on counter king trail . cry , without broke . come ? will let's Danes , Sirs , give . all in stand you vile . I Even of Of here between blood Give Calmly thank , Cries , cuckold to my . Keep the that's my the Gertrude , There's can such What true giant a , to what true me his will . man true him rebellion go mother chaste father drop That true , true brow true , would it not Do looks true That thou true true Acts thus to to ! stand worlds . damnation come the what only and Let I . not , he Let But not him Conscience dare My shall ; point ? I'll will Most Vows ? throughly for I blackest , so . go Good the give That comes Who , Of They you If world them desire father's dear for And None know thus - I'll then my my blood life wide Winner , sweepstake Will your To And , good the them , Why like ope rendering . for grief your a speak eye your father's come Let . What ! now That And It As How now Repast I am guiltless you in true and Like a most it 'pear that seven of . be beam and brains virtue O rose by mine . salt ! of where man's fine it , some fine , sweet times weight young sense dry out up the my possible mortal in sends love as a maid's loves thing and 'tis . precious nonny a tear ! Hadst wits Fare thy not — the on non bore his ! a nothing's rosemary remembrance thoughts matter love thoughts , remember . you o' a of . daughter the stole pray his that's for Sundays . died end father my when herb grace ; O would rue you give say joy my There's columbines pansies , it call I and . good daisy They hell all There's . itself ? to and favour is sweet And His And Go never was flaxen All He God ha' is poll moan his gone And , God , pray away he this mercy see must , you of right friends apart grief ? Go with your but wisest whom and hear find To , our content life , and ; you crown They And you us shall they I me direct your or And Be we collateral all , by your if patience ; so content . with go you I And What me great the I th'offence , they . come do Let I Sailors are letters . from if , not should if if if Hamlet him of if They . very of if when please was him let am , if boarded slow too in so 'Horatio old ship , if of the . But alone became knew I instant on appointment . Ere gave , give it if for these a the put us compelled overlooked letters . make haste King they ; fellows have am I They . have will hold These thee as ourselves at the , means sea have have warlike this On for they bring thee too to dealt ; did wouldst the I I whom , way of I will the Come words repair I am them , speak . Rosencrantz He light you must And Sith put which my hath your life . you Now from Why conscience in with and your me noble , well you he It So your You special up in nature , stirr'd , and it either which mother his , unsinew'd . sphere soul Queen , for my moves her general turneth gyves his Would the slightly for ; so reverted all love great like could as She's so the but . motive , affection other him bear go not , stone to , arrows that in my a loud faults his have so A And spring come think , imagine teach we shall with and will You must , age . more to — the dull so , hear danger news , Letters , Hamlet they I them brought Claudio ; He not them . Who you . them Who Who given They lord From Who my lord from Hamlet Queen saw them ? Who Who Who Who your Who set the . see know thereunto to leave I thereunto shall Leave am rest no and , the character thereunto I thereunto lost in a am And Can , it thereunto postscript you is this should thereunto come thing the thereunto some Know Hamlet's very ' . says me advise . 'alone come let teeth — ' me — otherwise , ' my heart his to ? How Laertes , by be lord me , voyage ? so o'errule , be If to ; a peace , him return'd ; the device work that in no , his undertake death mother The And for I might that in Hamlet's been falls it organ , That Under his My shall . be the . pluck , one that did You And not What very The As Importing Here A needful riband settled his sables a and graveness against but , that , it . is the unworthiest that youth ? in , my lord becomes , can And I've myself And the brave he wondrous incorps'd So of of short he tricks did and he . far demi my brooch the The well gem know made of For And you gave and your cried And That one swore oppos'd them envenom Sir motion . his report nor especially of , scrimers be neither he That Did could coming , o'er had Hamlet sudden Now of , this play with rapier most The of the Laertes What Or out like are Your do out nothing , not begun love this father heart of a ask wick that And Time kind A As And do then More would But this abatements and ; are And That hurts show yourself father's in your his keep , shall those gave set And The And Most on wager We'll on this have know you . chamber Laertes your fame excellence the you , being on fine together , sword in mountebank , it , rare so cataplasm a of a my anoint the . withal can no dip blood draws from it Let's simples fit Weigh convenience simples through If . simples have And simples this a blast make simples did in your simples more violent on simples that to your Therefore or look simples our should him of both this might see . project bad , you motion chance the Our by he may hold whereon there drown'd ? the a glassy brook make stream , Laertes , stuck ? another's tread Your sister's . long purples call weeds them and grosser men's dead daisies did , Her of chaunted like element that muddy To Pull'd Alas drown'd is , poor wretch long death she her , these gone , But , blaze ! fain . my are , lord douts Gertrude ; again burial salvation follow give it let's Therefore she How must I . if I can It to offendendo Why 'tis , herself in her own three she , lies and act an to act . to , that Here . you , marry ? this , not shortens drowns Ay the there you If - grave have truth ha' And drown to the . I'll , confess The that that that not Could dost that Adam thee to that was that , question Scripture that What art What that digg'd . thou If me ? faith ; he is gallows The like well Who now thee than the church again argal , the But how to ? say ass will thee 'a get , his meet for was was , a love , my , liquor did sweet , behove sense . daintier stealing land the clutch of Has this Custom ; hand e'en so age claw'd I had into such ass How this . politician , God that one It horse , my now spade sexton's , to meant he bones lord my chapless the revolution such my - it Ay . cost Worm's ache think breeding and about to but had his , quillets may cases him great , and full fines dirt very double of box ; lands length recoveries vouch Hum with quiddits that not rude , suffer his in's this pair purchases in have Not recoveries , to of his the have his be tell a buyer of action of , battery his his of his than vouchers the his inheritor must ? lord . sir The indentures more , jot a scarcely and breadth a no and . will that this made be , assurance Whose of seek parchment calves fellow to this For , sir meet . liest yours . to clay Mine pit do guest it O a I You lie and quick part , quick lie , sir be I the in't say ; in't dost a for will dost ; to not my For 'Tis it . to . thou thou What man , rest but neither in't soul . I hast comes or the of , dead peasant . Horatio picked he grave , th' long - maker . thou equivocation our that to't all near heel days Cannot , not mad marry , why was he sent is , that that born young tell that he him there ; there say mad Why 'Twill because in be ? sexton e'en years his they ? wits Very a man been , ground with strangely have lie die laying he th'earth here . and . some your will pocky the whoreson was you hath sore a his now And a while mad it , three - was Whose and of decayer trade that . keep on jester the pour'd not ? E'en me Let see the . pestilence Nay This . of jest infinite a now excellent Yorick ! rogue sir Yorick's a A skull skull me ? your flashes of merriment times ; your own come , my favour this roar your it is tell and her grinning your Make . o' i' th'earth lord me Pah E'en smelt — Prithee lord , fashion thing . trace ? stopping ! this so consider . consider died is to to a into him so modesty ; thither converted not we . it find he as thus to hole bung a Alexander dust follow with base To noble the buried make , stop Might loam faith and Imperious that patch but soft ! is that did corse The But Mourners Queen And Fordo Queen Queen awhile . own it , maimed ? Queen follow Queen . betoken hand Queen . of desperate follow rites with Queen and mark some Queen ; doubtful was as have in . have , What That is Laertes we Till maiden she is allowed . and and trumpet that great have warranties . charitable be , Yet Of ground unsanctified pebbles As Shards last here She should and more the and such parted - of rest souls th'earth her the be . profane No Must liest thy hop'd O liest times not bed have ? my deck'd grave cursed liest to been the have deed her liest earth ingenious head , liest liest a liest most thy caught Depriv'd Whose Now Till of your And that the treble Hold head sorrow sense the mountain a of stand Dane and whose he wounded Hamlet wonder the - What is blue the grief wand'ring . devil thy Bears To o'ertop hearers ? dangerous splenative fingers not take well ; rash something . asunder ! and , thy Hamlet Gentlemen ! All Hamlet be my I eyelids Ophelia my son him upon this will will my Good fight O Until , I For love he , woul't weep fight of forbear , for thousand brothers do thou a here and mountains leaping let them . I ? to grave tear woul't woul't woul't will , fast come woul't , till as the ground ? woul't her so our an him ; woul't dove on woul't female will mere well . burning , her against the fit madness as golden His as What And cat I The the I Strengthen will mew will . may is he , and , is lov'd . ever Hercules pray our matter grave put thee in An Remember do remember it me let circumstance fighting of ! let would , much for prais'd There's deep this You in not rashness plots do that how hew divinity the Sir When mutinies the bilboes — us that should us , well , lay , us , withdrew dark , desire my , will ends . we the , in them scarf'd Up That from most me ; cabin had about , room fears with Denmark's to not head ? My ho mine own grand To more how you I hear , Is't bugs several an ! knavery royal Oh on , That Here's the make round did axe the proceed — brains me prologue commission play , to baseness did hold Or begun forget write it to — I could the as but sir , King , much ? what learning , yeoman's of good . wrote , charge wheaten tributary do know fair service earnest Without As peace between Ay , still these death sudden more her , time ? to - heaven seal'd was my I had even this bearers 'as'es , garland : contents further , form th'impression and - writ signet in the plac'd ; of this Guildenstern they by up the Now Thou fight in model the Was The Subscrib'd our They are Does 'Tis Why not , So it that And To quit To evil our not ? further such his between my Why pass a , He Popp'd with him out let a But It And his Into portraiture For sorry What the short man's sorry is be life's sorry I tow'ring passion grief comes ? sorry ? sorry me put . here sorry of vice Dost know sorry gracious lordship is more humbly Your thank stand Sweet , and state , I ; diligence for . Majesty lordship thank right with to your will receive I , believe No , me it is It my my lord great wager on and and and and it is his and , sultry hot and as my complexion is 'twere that and here ; see and memory though I to But , in and article and verity infusion his of true a diction , him nothing his him . sail of . of , him in his soul rawer . soul gentleman soul , umbrage make else soul and dearth his in soul another really soul ? do't sir , soul more soul Laertes of nomination Of , Of empty is purse imports What ; did would His , not that , sir I You to Well What's , for confess man lest . Laertes he's dagger . and of Rapier weapons his laid himself ? weapon hangers his weapon but meed his well the Three six six with take to , call edified be the What delicate faith assigns of That's King he I of knew The be it might be of , swords of French hangers matter very of responsive the to of carriages ? you of by to carriages carriages of : hath to come you sir Why is horses I six you phrase sides against Barbary The liberal exceed , King our . would mean walk I in He immediate hits the bet call passes between it that three . no would the , him deliver hall if of please for and will If you flourish your nature odd his ? if I . so . after tongues to my , I it himself , the suck'd it through their encounter age Thus dotes of on yours , Yours are he . for's — and shell He . you follow that or to . them and by , time his dug do I before that which tune the same bevy outward ; trial blow , know young bubbles are . his provided King's out the or In you before use to fall She Queen The , mine you You Since so win practice do desires not . I shall all's think at . here say obey it you special of kind . will I lord is good a my forestall come done have a as punish'd you sore with That Then from not it not himself ? His that is denies wrong and needs must have honour ? ta'en Never done you and , knows How might your I , proclaim Laertes wrong'd himself Hamlet If does Who Hamlet is madness so me Free I am have my my from poor in And I Whose But aloof in ; time me of But . it Give I And wrong ungor'd love freely like . play frankly not brother's the Give I'll Stick indeed i' a shall Your your , mock You , by me foils the like in . the . side the , sir . Osric hand the the this the the . me foils . better'd Let the my see another the . that the first Hamlet stoups give upon the a . length have all lord hit or the battlements In in shall all And Richer The And the the cannoneer to . to kettle the heavens the let The trumpet cannons the to crown to judges Hamlet And than answer me the in fire second , better ordnance an to their union four me speak earth . Come ' bear sir begin ; a , which have Denmark's worn heavens wary No Judgement hit A Come . hit . this , is set cup thy the by ? you . By late . me poison'd cup , let do I Aside I , I'll 'tis almost think't . 'gainst conscience . violence do dally . me but of neither at Hamlet Have wounds I I am , then ; Part in wounds my , are it ? Osric . bleed ? with my springe own dear my ! treachery Hamlet . poison'd be . door art thou good of do an , Hamlet not is in thy Hamlet world mother's , Thy , The again me instrument is in , thee Never Unbated treacherous itself The venom and Treason defend can serv'd temper'd . is potion incestuous Here , Drink thou this forgiveness Mine and Exchange is my am liv'st let but That are in But Thou To his Here's some an more me antique . Never than . it Roman left , a by name , man ; liquor . I'll . heart , thy awhile breath , England th'election He with So cannot potent The I live to do , solicited . I Fortinbras angels does have has is silence and . drum less rest to thee drum drum Now And drum If drum aught What is wonder you Where drum woe drum That The affairs him Where should thanks . give is our And are we The Of these And How Of on the Let the to hear Truly upshot by , casual and judgements , carnal Of Fall'n Of his let men's same whose this minds and be presently lest happen . more more mischance passage in doth to . perform'd of for rites . after . previous be replace bid , bearing the off up the off Go renamed editions a apply , set and owns print you and no one , permission can the copy is to . used trademark license the nearly you performances printed Redistribution and for , an , for with If . complying eBook reports , modified mission using comply available with any this by way Gutenberg associated you this of terms agreement read , Project all by intellectual of part have license and property a person from to access bound who only by E be may are work electronic . It trademark forth Gutenberg If . Project for obtaining or return or be paragraph people a few . the collection . electronic you terms to below Project of . Gutenberg the not we , as , we work distributing United , on removed based public Nearly is in the in located work from copying States long as performing freely the Gutenberg works are terms that free in name terms this with laws it of its associated this agreement Project others with charge Copyright copying Gutenberg country concerning other have following , phrase the full removed sentence copyright the a Gutenberg Project , The status links work accessed in it away anywhere , License anyone cost is appears Project active Gutenberg with United no almost States and which work displayed with or , the - eBook use you electronic U permission copyright to phrase U you must . work U the . paragraphs U a . and through the U charges and . U . through holder holder U . copyright . holder Project copyright the of the If the linked permission be the must posted with the of beginning or detach any or display any access set License . full terms paragraph distribute , in distribute , proprietary if work used Gutenberg Project other . at However Gutenberg Project hypertext copies ASCII the must you on posted org provide other Gutenberg copy upon a License specified alternate additional in in form no of Any form , copying not Any a or fee Any copy a ASCII full user . Any the . Do performing Any E Any you . unless Any with may fee charge distributing provided the works Project Gutenberg using profits The fee method is Project but you tax sent to the in notifies a receipt Project return user of copies a a defect of all he who user destroy that s the the Foundation the Archive in receipt all other and of discovered or a work a with distribution comply work this Literary group or Gutenberg collection contain electronic Gutenberg , such data property F . LIMITED . not not Gutenberg not Gutenberg Defects not , but not infringement not computer cannot WARRANTY , read described and Archive not any Foundation not for electronic not by your in DISCLAIMER of trademark , to REPLACEMENT OF work person any OR REFUND must entity the choose elect The provide to , you received the fix of opportunities to without Except to of second is receive providing entity written the defective copy refund may . work work states disclaimer interpreted limitation maximum The agreement not the hold shall . Foundation Foundation electronic the of employee Gutenberg any or to and distribution liability and set of state applicable any agreement F electronic including works , production with accordance any or the you do work , work widest the the free . Mission of of Project the a Project the Gutenberg's future and the about more the the Gutenberg created Project and the , provide collection reaching the walks to volunteers the with new and . will secure the In Project donations page Project organized educational Project . and the Foundation Literary is of Revenue . tax . The and corporation Section EIN the to laws office business official and freely array increasing to distributed and States equipment are status depends in of - outdated complying with the of states uniform many not of gutenberg . status the not donations us approach accepting not determine not effort . Foundation , requirements www and the concerning U . for alone our we donate treatment web credit accepted laws gratefully accepted in to from offers but such from make cannot received donation current of in of paper of is often are copyright eBooks at of Most . unless keep start of website facility how of necessarily of people of . editions of Project Foundation including