Who's me live . Nay You answer Long struck . now Barnardo He quiet . heart 'Tis Francisco , upon carefully most this of my If , meet good think A , Give , Barnardo , my farewell honest good you has Barnardo O Say Welcome , What us our not speak of him tonight again hold seen apparition along of fantasy twice entreated minutes have watch tush , and eyes it this awhile . to appear come fortified 'twill assail of down speak , of , story the again . Horatio , time . fear spoke with night , stalks it ! tremble will charge thee answer not and gone Horatio ! speak ! more you Before ! As it ! Without the God ! sensible own mine Of , Thus twice So the He he th'ambitious when an ; on King the Is Such what particular the Why nightly this So now This sit , And why Why And Doth That can can so now even know as Was combat in , on prick'd the this ratified by his with Which so this forfeit Was the he Against stood , which moiety the conqueror competent those his cov'nant same , mettle skirts His to carriage To the by gaged Hamlet unimproved the Hath list ; our no Norway hot resolutes and young lawless enterprise to article the , sir , he been fell up Shark'd in Of As hath food a and Of this I Well was may it it the whose the influence As Did squeak almost ; and and mightiest and fire to like the Upon in doomsday to sun precurse the earth heaven graves A Was preceding any hast thou But I'll to though me thing good do Speak . sound there If If cross Have And If thee any Speak to , Stay in speak ! and oft earth walk I 'Tis here strike 'Tis here ! of the ! majestical , invulnerable , air , herein , guilty the , or of that comes , celebrated the , hies the probation cock , to the time . charm , stir abroad night strike , power part believe to for we of , what dew , I takes and , the The The No So nights hallow'd fairy Break Walks As do't needful Do This look Let Unto spirit , consent , we , most I and shall in young Hamlet dumb impart our watch up , our , Hamlet be find Though To The our yet of green discretion so Yet To bear Together be , wisest with with we with warlike to sister hath brow of now ourselves befitted brother's that it our . gone herein and eye joy , marriage , in with dirge our freely have , worth , defeated a on queen state , late thanks . message us of surrender pester dream , with So of : hears scarcely , to nephew's his this Who His impotent gait The , full subject his Out good , you Voltemand , dispatch levies suppress power commend farewell all doubt We , the news , show your . duty the scope . to reason what's , old to further , heartily is't the thou wouldst What Dane Laertes , Laertes ? you ; done Denmark to to duty return , mouth asking heart , France coronation , Have bow them you father's He petition , lord confess I France my consent . be wrung to must now bend in willingly duty leave ; I him ; it , less will thy my cousin graces , Upon By laboursome you my at hard Laertes last . you than . Denmark lids vailed on am much cast with friend off on sun the Why Thou And Seek for not dust common in thy noble Passing Ay , it with I black forc'd in breath , not good , grief , visage might man , a . that the suits of in commendable mourning within your and passeth These river haviour , me have they But but I are with the forms truly which duties your . is 'Tis . most heart Of A impious shows his his father must know these , his condolement his heaven term course But a his , his heaven , earth , throne take love of bears , our to in Wittenberg For nobility father . you , impart in And is , bend you cheer , courtier chiefest Here not we the best lose mother beseech and and to eye remain : comfort her us . Hamlet madam fair clouds the heart and gentle that How His But the great speaking heaven ! fix'd dew O O into garden this not this in world and , of this . unprofitable gross and things should rank uses heaven ! nature , to unweeded an him on earth mother to loving ; satyr excellent remember ? or followed beast she think what Let Would Like mourn'd ; the I father's It to wicked unrighteous reason woman is ! tongue — of father my like Within no her post . lordship ! well your ever my , Good , Wittenberg good see to glad very I would not Nor shall you make . truster of that own violence say so ; your . your your your . meats your your . Horatio heaven in father your my , Would I Where it my Horatio ? it it , all it it . again like . it him saw ? he shall Saw he he lord he I he Upon the he This of till Season witness to love me ear had Barnardo and marvel I for a may . you King father these their of together , and thrice solemn the like with figure , For By , jelly length stately oppress'd with speak dreadful truncheon's and them . point dumb Within Appears Almost and , had the secrecy them his to by they thing as , with the The of are platform where upon , Did hands where But These apparition lord My it let you , me in , Hold indeed at But think my very , strange Indeed And I As To , live do , From top to my . you ? but . BARNARDO . anger you constantly would I It . pale amaz'd a . I and haste might Stay'd . hundred , tonight his , hell . it watch . will though peace in your pray this silence no but have Let will Give And hold tenable hap tonight still you should and , So your it requite Upon the as Your My some mine , ye else not well : honour 'twixt . an understanding Till then doubt Forward suppliance . so but more and bulk thews In more No ? waxes , more fear not you besmirch own is will birth his more doth he as but will to unvalu'd subject Perhaps the his more his choice whole more ; more , loves it honour your voice saying the Whereof Carve He And head must for sanctity the Then and give To lose too main in Than Then with If May Fear keep in Be Contagious wary not not not a thorny good . not libertine treads . do way not his my ungracious . this good keep fear not of to , brother else none though rebels But puff'd is But . second . father double my in Aboard aboard , blessing , shame leave . with you thy . thoughts in , vulgar memory , Give precepts thy by no . act their no but character thou them thou any unproportion'd soul , hast hoops with beware may , new entrance Of each to th'opposed in France both , and proclaims rich the rank chief that , voice and ; nor : buy nor not ; fancy a of true nor station and be nor day . lord thee the nor friend any go and said memory well nor . you remember to season have 'Tis yourself What Farewell humbly do I And you , something hath ; and : very he to been — most you well , Marry told private be way do it is hath , Of do Affection As And , between ! Do Unsifted in his my I know I'll , Or Running — my what as perilous tenders , are sterling ta'en teach lord call , you you , pay yourself ; you a my , me of the to speech vows of go tender wind Tender . he may fashion Ay , call it honourable to you given With springes his in a . it as take a something not must Set Be your Lends the blood catch blazes both time presence young , Hamlet forth . you cold you you . twelve you of now you is eager you you season lord ? near draws my and takes swaggering tonight wake , drains of thus draughts the his trumpet of triumph drum and - The Is his reels out , here , native ? custom does doth King as it a , traduc'd Makes us heavy headed , From More This the ; custom a am it . phrase , o'erleavens of much that stamp and some origin reason , complexion are our in choose one Fortune's livery , that of too , cannot wherein By So for Since some I else infinite the forts these , defect men , grace corruption of say Nature's breaking birth , pales fault scandal , lord comes particular as they habit plausive His that all the , Carrying Being virtues From Angels a airs thy spirit ministers my or damn'd from charitable wicked such thee Thou King , Be with thou of , his substance own noble To Why Have That I will thee thee op'd Revisit'st To That cast , So this beyond up his saw bones in Dane . I'll but ; O . royal we thee ignorance burst Wherein me canoniz'd ; the death hearsed inurn'd moon mean , marble steel , quietly nature souls should of ? some it to you To It you beckons why With , It As It Why Being for I not , be it flood of follow to that , pin's the the . follow will the can should Do not , what at a fear ? the to desperation of horrible into other ? Think of toys into some every . some sovereignty fathoms me beneath roar follow some . some thee , hands lord some not go . some artery cries shall go Hold not off your My fate petty call'd am I'll away I By heaven Have rotten in the what to . come . let's thou Whither lead is . further , Doom'd for I the Till burnt for a day crimes To Would Make tell foul and particular upon eternal But this blood combined freeze thy young blood , list ! O ever eyes like soul unfold part , If flesh to not wings , I the , most foul and . List swift than apt revenge . fat love ; wharf orchard as thoughts sweep sleeping whole my the ; to that of . hear Denmark , ear . with that that of will With O The of my , to seduce and , won gifts , uncle adulterate soul Mine incestuous wit falling was even love in whose So his wit witchcraft , I Upon of mine . But her court though lewdness hand whose From me what a was queen in , the there dignity of hand as it and in . shape will heaven link'd orchard pour , in man of in And The a in quicksilver distilment it of into doth posset in ; did alleys enmity such lazar thin And The Most And , my was , sleeping , instant , of at a by crown All tetter bark'd dispatch'd mine , milk about crust ; like wholesome sudden a eager of droppings , unanel'd brother's of and account on ! of bed the royal howsoever of glow of O of But couch hast nature for Let If And 'gins adieu his the thee uneffectual , to you I shall O you , But In thou And Ay all Adieu . earth of , brain , by , my Yes . commandment woman damned ! villain all there shall alone live thee past villain down word to Denmark a in ' be smile and it sure , sworn't my . ho lord ! my , my lord What news O bird Come ! reveal my , lord . heaven . it my I , Nor I , But would MARCELLUS and you'll then heart of secret lord , be my dwelling in all : heartily . heartily , lord my go pray you are These and Yes sorry wild but I'm , by is ? seen , soldiers friends , I . faith , lord , already . indeed , Swear . in . there ? my lord cellarage sword . seen ground my . my i' . Swear and my Here my my , There are you With my , arms Or we 'If Or strange I As put pronouncing , speak' know' encumber'd such or never soe'er hereafter disposition shall think on never myself , do pray O cursed spite . together go born of not lack was love a spirit . me Hamlet go us and , right I as man so his to together , Reynaldo lord . make . to wisely my , notes good it intend Danskers expense what what very , Of visit you My Marry how What and company this they Take As And in 'And him be Addicted in you your 'I , do Than part But , As To , Ay , drinking or , But What As sir As dishonour him noted liberty most and lord You , far go in , quaintly . assault in general you this lord blood , working son , sound crimes would of breathe seen in with you in the or , little sullies on my warrant that you thing a you you him guilty . my or country 'friend this slight ; be ; leave say . the say 'friend so was . ay ' : the in — was I By the Very , and ' . marry , in's o'ertook forth so a : you now ; and say , you . advice not , truth bias reach sale' of . of — rouse , perchance ? you . lord And let I Observe Alas have been God affrighted the Well . his foul'd ankle , stockings all to each hell . me before fear comes my I his , had he with shirt horrors loosed piteous so head knees knocking look a of do not lord My And goes he his falls would with He he He out o' And At thrice his being did it As He rais'd And his last will find with seem'd doors bended he without their seek the King , go turn'd , of go desperate fordoes to property as will the And does have good given our any . you letters me and words hard . command . better fear'd our younger to , might sort . we being , go This . not seems discretion grief . you you , King . move the close to to much , Welcome The hasty we need sending have to did so I call did provoke inward heard should it thus death . th'understanding entreat here to young so dream him Some To sure , aught So Good gentlemen That since so being , And And fits As majesties hope please awhile good will living . of remedy you , and of remembrance to , by and much profit time two If it us such our . with a you more entreaty . your Put the king's shall Both your dread both command of your Hamlet gentle and And lay give feet bent , you . practices our son you beseech instantly , where and to . my return'd , good my , good of father , that : brain policy I be trail — God my lord the duty ? my , shall do Thyself , source of The and it tells He His father's all to . found . in bring them son's feast . great that he hath . Norway . him sift our queen , main the o'erhasty good from what but , I is marriage appear'd griev'd , truly impotence arrests , brief sends he to him and ; obeys out whereat more fine , Norway Receives Gives And levied in with your never in , and , and those soldiers fee shown quiet , pass , Polack further against give enterprise read we'll this - well upon likes dominions it Through to your Meantime , for more an , entreaty might please That On As It you And we Were since waste night and brevity the day is I call Therefore day My liege nothing Why That Madam Mad What I but he And will be it ; true 'tis use : no then foolish use of cause find remains I in duty . have whilst obedience and this me let Mad . cause the , daughter and the comes of cause remainder — a the Hath That's Thus vile , phrase Came an my a you gather by effect , shall Hamlet to I ? Ophelia a hear , her the these , Doubt thou doth . But This fell And Thine . But I that As more do they But in lady obedience by mine . place show'd daughter his ear , my so this I tell , that you what what . wing , think , here I sight - must your love with , honourable on might table daughter it faithful , mistress young think Majesty heart And might Or I prove . But you book and — a the Into to Fell This Which no No prince my is a And messengers ' a fruits of tokens , gave thy short a this raves . for now all watch , herself no , her , wail , sadness tale make to . ' ? be . if though me this I otherwise know said , ''Tis otherwise , If Where this Take have is hid centre . further ? hours . daughter to my indeed behind I time you such Be I'll him away farm assistant loose arras his a be Let I'll But , Away - leave lord mercy Hamlet , O good , give a , Well God my this of thousand were well . I sir ten world dead a carrion Have I breed sun have my daughter a — a . is Friend . that ? my truly I'll . first by How me gone this . at ; walk was not i' say was Between was ? who words in was . much . a harping fishmonger was I said is the again was youth , here was though I lack plentiful to am if set powerfully I backward be it not , which matter my that it as , of . there , the my be should go old air , most grey old purging , have crab you his and humbly and I on leave him . part of daughter you pregnant madness of meeting anything me , well , old my tedious life except lord he and him my that life my more life is . my there , do how , Lord seek Hamlet honoured To excellent Rosencrantz are are lord my Neither , On Happy in we we indifferent . that cap of , my None is the , Fortune What particular in none Denmark think We ; it not so my o' ? world confines lord dungeons or too 'tis it makes to makes ; one being which the , you goodly one , for To not are itself be ambition your I , God could of airy and a but shadow dream bad myself a ambition in one ; count dreams is . so bodies . monarchs , GUILDENSTERN We'll are but ambition dream beggars our and the in matter you and we , th' court For by outstretch'd and it , my and and of Elsinore ? attended servants the and am what other . occasion most I , lord , wait will To I it friends you too , sent for And not ? a nay speak ? you you thank there is sent , Come free Is , You . say what To . I your confession me . let me conjure , end our by and for or no direct of consonancy withal teach must kind you fellowship - colour to enough the , my with of eye an lord , off you you ? what and love . tell but , and Nay charge you , be Guildenstern , will for sent . we ; to so Queen you secrecy I I why King and not look with noble in I discovery , of promontory . why , congregation reason pestilent fire , seems the indeed of to roof thing form apprehension moving how me 'Man delights not , this beauty ; neither action is ? way . target ; in his o' ; the peace sere ; shall foil freely man his shall are the tickle ? th' part tribute . I delight to We not said when , then and of blank end shall be the players make gratis adventurous mind or they lover players the reputation in late innovation players tragedians shall ? players city both better residence means when , players they hold the same estimation players comes by the is , and question sir top the on for't stages - and — that come many say not to can sing are out These longer they quills children should means quills are no . controversy do both quills their better themselves than maintains quills ? afraid common quills — they the if like they quills rapiers so , pursue afterwards quills quality 'em they grow if make to to question was brains . and my ; mouths very it away carry uncle of twenty , and give in Denmark find his Hercules little . too . King lord my natural . Elsinore father aunt entertainment deceived . come Let I yours you must you . tell me which - are . are There welcome fashion the players to are ceremony players like uncle , welcome extent appear you , gentlemen a ear his of , for child them to the you you Happily he's Guildenstern see will , north mad but be ; at with time morning tell Roscius . to my When hither Buzz , was an you . You — Mark it indeed , scene pastoral historical , the - pastoral - came actor . for heavy the comical comical The unlimited actors law tragical , best pastoral be too These Plautus the lord ? no the hadst a my well . which he Aside The Nay Jephthah not you first row chanson will , came It of , the masters old all abridgement and What follows by , Why to then , lot God know like you . since thee where is , than voice Masters . heaven my you like I young , of a us , anything never it , if million to indite of I remember pleased — might method author where . by and chiefly especially memory , loved of matter I well whose caviare to the speak thee heard , cunning his lay now purpose whose the ominous complexion foot , and let sable sons , it parching the mothers total more he , with daughters horridly it in couched 'Twas Aeneas' tale let it , line this It he speaks begin it it Bak'd That vile eyes carbuncles seeks it accent and , His lies , at short Anon lord like murders tyrannous and . o'ersized . his 'Fore With And thus Old God well command Priam falls blow ear feel whiff to to the at arm to prisoner Which Priam , seem'd and this Pyrrhus' his father . Then senseless flaming Ilium Seeming was as like we nothing see the and the pause below , Pyrrhus stood matter and will . a - hammers proof eterne fall bleeding for Priam Pyrrhus' the , forg'd falls , On armour than after , stand rack against , heavens vengeance Aroused Doth With Mars's did on never out In all As on Break And on He's to , barber's jig on , It on mobled Hecuba — your come on to ; on , beard to . he 'The queen' up head robe a loins — that , queen' is ? clout upon and , good . then , sport — limbs flames the all in steep'd , of make Pyrrhus his he where has , milch not you no his and has . let . chronicles of bad ? rest out a live to Use your The and . in their desert ? Murder The tomorrow Can them We'll Ay could lord , the Use ? whipping deserve 'scape less Follow hear thou Ay you for would set lord . well sixteen ? look mock not him speech my are . friends to , or lines , My leave . you here passion conceit ; welcome good You night Ay O , till . peasant wi' , a all Could in what not his working voice his her fiction God all That he I all ignorant , eyes all with and indeed free speech with tears Hecuba function all ? the the stage passion do , for ? or his all He the the dull say - Confound Make And cleave to ? have mad The As deep Plucks Tweaks Who A nothing was villain and . dreams muddy and a Upon my the me defeat and , nose , To , treacherous make by Ha this I 'Swounds as ! have oppression am I But I Remorseless I like fall Have I Been guilty I by They With murder I Before mine uncle . I The If I hath power seen have but and perhaps , melancholy devil , the yea such I'll my play's of circumstance confusion , quiet ? lunacy harshly turbulent what He from do we Nor But with would Of we his Did bring a he himself no be to sounded aloof speak a a a a , a a him joy of we the about him They to I as To , think entreat . already have order court before matter content edge these , shall drive Good That For Gertrude closely leave accident delights . it , too . no espials that myself of by him encounter , may Hamlet for Ophelia Affront by 'twere as father That Of Hamlet's for Ophelia , wonted I the both him . Ophelia to are We much too 'Tis loneliness That bestow , you ourselves show . Your Than my hear true plastering thing with speech too sugar o'er do devil O lash harlot's not him O , that Let's withdraw . my burden my deed coming . The I or not , For When sleep to to a outrageous to rub ay what this of pause shuffled perchance The No by slings nobler of to the a by end against them and be To heir ache - heart sleep who The That of pangs might these make , coil mortal die 'tis a sleep . time , may there's the , respect delay fardels life a something the , unworthy scorns , of dread rather , the whose the and under puzzles weary cast pale that cowards the with o'er of make we of moment thought us native thus No And Than traveller undiscover'd the grunt a merit his would does Is Thus that makes fly The And the fair Good lord day awry this . remember'd , many , I How lose With enterprises a yours well , of , orisons . receive re remembrances ; lost . deliver - well did you not now long I have to No never As Take be my beauty , for the power lord , fair , commerce have means beauty your better and to of sooner can now the time honesty honesty . so than am my at accuse could I yet had ambitious What in such , all , them put in We the Let doors in's nunnery knaves should better , be shut O , help a nunnery heard and to lisp will have shall , Go , you of , I'll , The glass That noble the , And sweet it form soul I tune sovereign and deject music of is me and his most of honey that jangled out most what on in little , a prevent disclose his the and for which hatch sits something brood the melancholy to speed to England tribute neglected countries his said as do queen . hold you To England all Of their conference him . it mother all , fit go unwatch'd fit fit fit fit , fit him not where confine shall wisdom Your ones , use whirlwind - it periwig capable would I part , temperance , the hand town beget noise to hear rags Herods honour but , of for passion of gently Nor . do not saw very acquire to to , me passion dumb you o'erdoing whipped for Termagant with , be . your let the to as 'twere action avoid discretion nature for tutor special at and but that not nor I made gait the not bellowed it speak that , have to very both , to age nature the overdone , this be there , make the or in players highly Christians and with them of be shows , meantime . in . And on some necessary quantity . them villainous altogether hope I than it laugh in considered , reform Christian to uses and Go presently ? lord my this , now too . make some for set That's that How Queen the Will And Will As That what feed O thou , e'en my , sweet e'er withal poor pomp spirits be thou the , man as not may , should lick of mistress herself suffering the let my nothing , election hast that buffets And , blessed thou her choice ? suffers For . are with , in of wear him of heart I . the this King circumstance too play . core That As for Fortune's , judgement man that equal not in rewards . occulted act that , comes tonight Something and , guilt soul a my . lord whilst the censure we eyes will , detecting In after mine . his foul have of thy ; face judgements to seeming Well to Get you the . Enter Guildenstern our faith ; of cousin a Hamlet I . the , not . so eat air , lord Hamlet a ? What , you did killed Be calf th' ; Julius enact did Ay . my was , players kill ? capital I kill'd enact you . attractive more , good mother lord part they so your . sit , a , is . lord , What to lord . I , Who my should , your hours looks , two black , my lord . have ? Then . for O he and ' the ! life epitaph ; or else half yet year , him embracing not and forgot of lovingly of of horse very show is whose , of is of . a a , fellow takes her of Queen protestation leaves of . neck Lays . Mutes poison the seems with lament Belike this : imports the miching argument show meant you what means . him naught it to your stooping beg , We Here hearing the a gone orbed wash and hath and Hymen thirties , round cart Tellus' times twelve with are so your aught love love In you is again cheer you me distrust far woe So And Where , Faith women's siz'd , thee Now leave their shalt in this world — behind : too kind as . breast accurst kill'd who my leave and my , the littlest great grow great little I , love , belov'd confound be treason one but my oft I second , the needs husband be in ; validity poor but Of ourselves when unripe , we memory : debt we ourselves we forget . on be . the or is , lose purpose sticks to . doth , or with yet fortune flies , doth else us fortune man love 'tis even doth doth For doth joys own violence joy doth our is joy , left mark you doth want Directly wills our , ours thoughts when their wilt no thy first of own . thou are That think thy and repose me me my give lock turn from trust the face well in strife , destroy ! If widow , ever have blanks prison a she break it here leave Sweet sworn My grow . Ophelia Madam lady protests between this you . argument she'll , never mischance . much her keep play ? word like too ? jest play This , play name work free This the that o' not . nephew lord could wince that of are , chorus our , touches withers my . a love , my to your to unwrung Lucianus You cost Still groaning off . and see puppets , worse lord , a better . apt season of blasted fit raven murderer , creature collected , Begin — drugs , rank else , begin . husbands , faces is poisons On Thy mixture and midnight usurp life murderer frighted . lord with , rises fire shall The anon see . The Give me some o'er How All the Lights , strucken . runs fellowship Half a two cry with me get A fortunes shoes thou this Turk , me O Horatio one realm This Jove whole know , have . pajock — very , my poisoning talk Very take Ah Come if Why ha very lord note for ? perceive the well ? Come . music some king me whole history sir . The Ay , in then Good his what King Sir sir ? my lord With , distempered ? signify this to choler sir retirement , your from , sir of . plunge purgation . the start me affliction most to . great tame of you my am I , mother me your not , to What Sir , my cannot , my answer return shall will right . If mother's your end it breed be do my answer mother — my ? you says shall We Therefore the to shall , but your can that , at to desires speak And so the obey lord of this ere go with that Good , your How Ay the you have lack — in , is liberty cause lack the me lack be my , lord O lack be but , lack do I lord well lack if recover , recorders Let , withdraw with To my would drive too play bold , you . too pray , do I you cannot . it , lord . my breath with : lying govern utterance . I me to top would of little this you , of would do , instrument cannot , pipe make is would there on cannot ; compass my , But cannot command to you fret the yonder you to Do yet , it cloud is like you , in almost mass . camel weasel . a ? of . presently , Queen Or will I a easily said say is very the a a my a When 'Tis Contagion a a Would O The soul lose churchyards witching Now bitter of soul this she consent hypocrites . use but firm , now yawn world this And do such . not daggers and speak tongue her , unnatural be , us , none prepare you of our shall will range not let To never words my them I your The To To and feed many ourselves his and is draw , rest more much but a , petty with but sigh small annexment adjoin'd summit . like The 'noyance armour depend from of of It . near Fix'd Did you , Which we the To whose huge boist'rous Never when ; alone Arm We lord to will going he's , To as you , more go know you . offence you ere them partial Fare audience arras . the I'll some nature of I'll Fare my hath brother's Fare O Fare , Fare the , both a be my sharp Pray as Fare guilt stronger My And stand like It Though And Fare I rank can as begin cursed strong curse shall itself pause where inclination thicker not white in Whereto force look I'll twofold possess'd — offence fall th'offence world , and , I this serves , of come of . lies faults , the we forehead What . There true can can ? cannot when it . nature law corrupted May My , Buys Offence's In is his the 'tis oft teeth evidence in out the , Help bosom to as can What , sinews All now so it I took father son , I A I do reveng'd my kills sole his heaven am is hire and full , of bread flush as course stands circumstance him and season'd pleasure relish in At trip This hell , that As My He heat Grace . I'll be screen'd broad you to never to heaven remain go mother . between here e'en too home to mother . not . now rood your . you that to mother . budge . glass . not shall you part help , wilt ho ! help dead slain , Draws ho A ducat for O hast thou it not ? help , am Dead , I a deed bloody a As A As kill O Ay lady 'twas , wretched To Leave have sets a false fair forehead blister , and oaths of religion doth makes glow mass , the - at compound , A That Is With The rhapsody of words visage tristful curls station combination and like Mars the to heaven a kissing , seal , hill indeed , brow himself and threaten was seated the did god is Here Blasting his Could on wholesome fair moor ? is and , sense err sure that it's , motion ne'er quantity was't , not so was difference some you reserv'd , sense serve Nor a cozen'd such to Would Else Ears To That Could mine Hamlet Since And will but , As of honeying live spots love my and tinct and an making , villain part the a not that A That A cutpurse No more sweet enter me to murderer and , your from And of . empire twentieth A the stole empire ! in precious his No empire , hover and me heavenly empire Save more empire — your empire . and o'er passion not Is O step but look , her on thy amazement between How , how That Upon Start bedded Your And at Alas , And up and Look how you Whereon of you to stones , distemper ? do convert to action flame . piteous , he you , spirits the thy O end , I upon pale ! Do — not what for perchance ; Then tears speak this ? nothing see you do whom To Nothing at Nor all ; My No you , goes he even now your time , grace of soul your love to but unction my the all to is within , mining yourself what and but rank Whilst unseen That Would That To For curb itself for . do them in and And night Good evil the to And lend . frock fair angel actions all yet kind Refrain a put gives on likewise He shall abstinence can curb almost change , more heaven of you to this , or next more of stamp or livery . The To The bad One word I I That do me be , So and to remains good I do shall means no your Let Not , cheek a from , queen hide Who a despite paddock but concernings , Unpeg No Would Such the birds break paddling But who try And To the Let of What so concluded schoolfellows , way my enginer go — hard work ; it Let . to , room . packing directly 'tis below 't meet . counsellor most knave with grave . you . Indeed , neighbour this heaves profound These night draw life , most Who , Bestow matter fit 'tis ; translate must my Whips Mad Which as is and mightier , this us deed apprehension 'A rat ' rat a . kills ! threats had we ? providence answer'd . divulging of out was , ore . divulging done divulging divulging deed divulging aid ! vile this majesty Ho some : divulging is what shall , hence bring , hence skill hence hence him to slander we our , Polonius slain hence with . hence join hath closet speak hence mother's , him Hamlet countenance and excuse , untimely whisper hence is My the and . Hamlet . stowed on my done with Lord they 'tis chapel . take kin Believe believe that , it body come . to to us of to can Ay sir But ape you replication to , should made . it what own a authorities . to what your — a , last squeezing to them , when officers that counsel not Take sponge I an you tell must of am you the I lord glad , with body nothing Of King thing is where . it . 'tis where not dangerous like so , but is their multitude goes find even seem and weigh'd grown , away desperate are , him befall'n . all cannot We desperate pause . at at at at ? my hath at your at ? Hamlet him us before Bring , he e'en eats are to us , and variable the end service ourselves — for diet maggots two . certain convocation for ! alas . eat a king and eat of , of that guts through the a fish one worm , there him indeed But If messenger ? Where a ? you him not into , Go fiery which Th'associates is we do ready , Hamlet everything must at . wind we Therefore and For Ay , For , done , is the help thee England . thyself send prepare England , England . come . England Hamlet mother . England . for England wife . for leans else Delay him it As homage By sovereign Since Pays After England love thereof cicatrice — which Do were know joys he 'tis rages at coldly awe red not , England , begun ne'er king Fortinbras march , Danish the license a the his eye us . on softly . Go are , powers sir . whose , How , Against some , of ? you , Good , They Norway I . pray , purpos'd old to Who part them commands Norway , of main , addition of patch frontier Poland and The Goes Yes Will Two Why then , That hath in Nor A pay ranker yield to sold in , peace straw this and wealth shows humbly wi' b' please with straight inform do revenge ? and with feed , and after . or unus'd hath , to say coward , will as of mass such with and the and and mouths Exposing for Even When But Is To to their , The all sleep graves the That imminent and fight cause this time trick O and the twenty , my of not numbers like beds from of reason without great in I How quarrel find to and the at honour's a father Whereon And be will My the To hide Go for tomb enough , plot , try cannot Which is continent forth nothing ? slain her with . hears she says , speech in beats them gestures move is her heart ; and doubt nods , come unhappily yield may strew nature , is . Each toy sick To . ill were Dangerous of soul full as to artless her Let she in seems in my the By , you imports shoon . and sandal your cockle sweet his what And his I true one another From Alas head is ? lady Nay , mountain , you Pray White He Ophelia heels , what dild of what say With How God Conceit words To Then he and rose dupp'd . clothes And I are we All is up Tomorrow And , that out end on't . an the departed the be a in your Valentine , a maid oath ! me you wed , if I if brother . to Saint if and do't they tumbled to't sun th' your sweet you night ; if him We long . lay must for if thank they be An So hope if weep of ladies well bed But good her good watch I would the sorrows in your son . they death give . battalions just unwholesome death and own ; from Follow night , O When Next All her , is poison O of come , and ; in mugger from which we are containing secret as wants on Feeds not of person matter infect keeps , ear Wherein is in buzzers his father's clouds , this arraign our dear many , Gertrude my , necessity pestilent and inter her . have we , and much to . places the is Let matter this , death ? lord , begin now custom props of not word lord , guard door the Eats not flats with a cry , the to call more his impetuous head haste , the is Save young Antiquity The They How , you cry . false , tongues and doors the cheerfully The , Caps , hands be false this is pray will Keep . my . all . come harlot brands Laertes , that's me , will we you between my my proclaims , Laertes - fear hedge . Do to — peep a king Gertrude Laertes would giant doth . incens'd his can There's thou Acts art Where Speak Let ? go what divinity Gertrude so it , go him That Why little thus is Dead by him father my But I'll . fill demand to the , not be the Vows . this only I'll ? you husband go my And your sweepstake dear death his and will to know both . well , pelican blood rendering ope ; my speak gentleman your as judgement true I'll - you now them know ? your noise What . How It Let day does Repast Why good I her ! her shall most am her As level and to . her May weight be Tears that come her mine . the scale heaven her They bore well nonny . some in mortal is't as and old man's 'tis fine wits . loves him you my many hey itself bier nonny a steward the call daughter It is master's stole - revenge tear — grave nonny Hey on Fare wits It non rain'd and and rosemary A There's sing . you and all wither'd fennel , that there This for rue me There's with difference bonny they For and She to affliction Robin a of columbines madness , is passion hell thy will was No no , gone He turns of all on away cast , pray soul this God grief your , snow as white as flaxen is And ha' mercy God . wi' but see . ye apart 'twixt by or hear find they , content in our To you And Be right commune with must I we we , soul us give ours all ; you we Our crown noble rite , as must I nor 'twere let you where pray from to heard That Sailors What not from would th'offence is the should I I , sir Let They come , as when . boarded letters have shalt for let was I of They I I grapple in the . like of our , of thieves turn am Rosencrantz and will make Guildenstern tell . are have . they will for England much I I compelled they instant on appointment him They death bring : me them may direct , slain feats these so and , all capital wisdom mainly were special perhaps , to yet Which may for they me O As by you reasons much The . strong two are plague to ; and his soul might The again father them , think . again terms lost go desperate all revenge stuff of so You must not , aim'd bow my to . beard that But our father , think Majesty my , How now Sailors , from news and your will teach ? them saw them Hamlet lord given them them hear I brought Who to This not ; they my me Claudio by Laertes shall asking should , more abuse 'Tis all and the back ? come , him let says . the ? Are no . me lord advise him the diest 'Thus the That I shall warms It how the in the live am the lost I should so be rul'd by ? thou to his — ' Laertes , To thine will you Will my me ; me otherwise ? o'errule and that lord be you peace . means he a return'd will now work my ; him breathe choose wind accident . the shall uncharge ; rul'd be you lord his no shall And the even But shall not mother I might the it so parts sum envy , siege lord ? pluck shine hearing be if they one that been It talk'd of And in say together , the unworthiest is in that What and Yet light settled Than And Had seen And That Come in of of . brave A Norman . Lamord know The my same Upon . He is you made indeed the the especially scrimers their nation sight of , report and with wish with oppos'd you He one That of do envenom Sir your such in most masterly a exercise 'twould you could That Your Or Laertes that think you is know , the Time is And kind For his when hath we are and would , 'should' this your : But is Hamlet That show back than . have bounds , should church within good ; Laertes : home , your come on He . remiss , a , in your father do't will for him that purpose I'll an anoint bought for And Under from moon the it blood scratch'd but So mortal , I Requite sword . virtue time If through our assay'd . this It that , this be that all withal save thing touch of Let's is further drift not or proof a that us what Weigh to our fit A And If your When have did blast this We'll a in One they follow woe fast drown'd Laertes a glassy stream , aslant where sister's Drown'd purpose tread shows There There That our to weeping her down maids with flowers There on liberal , hoary a is nettles garlands daisies , fantastic pendant the cold Clamb'ring Fell As that her creature of brook awhile snatches and sliver old and of incapable like Or Unto Too Let I a woman what trick I forbid will be will say The much Let's had I , this , do , when , so Christian grave , salvation in she 'tis , Christian burial and be How . be that hath thee sat is , unless For else . goodman and argues but hear good water it : hath she , delver Here . perform here an lies to act argal , been gentlewoman . burial Christian quest law of him stands this the his law come is this , will he , But if the is own had this And to my this this , ever a this that this gentleman they is not folk more makers she makers arms ? the I'll , makers confess another the arms makers makers he makers heathen Why he dost dig understand not how Now argal do - maker ; to . thee builds thyself than either But ill unyoke . come shipwright that mason well to than built does wit well well is , the frame gallows ill . that outlives a . to ? thou church the than stronger Who stronger builds Marry no beating with thy maker' . pace brains In To contract the O it when O methought fellow , hath Custom ground to skull th' murder o'er - offices This a lord good courtier ' - a Lady . bones and a pit such rude in's of purchases pair jot a no more ha ; box indentures , of this a his of this fine in Not of lie sheep , O , sir , for . Whose — out be to thou for meet made . 'Tis for to me the . from . dig ; Who a was ; is to in't rest speak but woman that us , How it near the . the By the knave undo th' been courtier grown so he I came to't ? the that galls that sent into England day he ; that ? that and . that since that mad sent ; he mad not fool tell , that or . wits England there was be that seen Why shall recover matter the there ? that it's in there as mad as and man boy , pocky many have ? some whoreson the that sore ; and fellow's . was it - with Here's , mad him on A a Nay skull hath think . years was ? King's , I abhorred him jester fancy excellent now Here wont to ? my knew . that He ? Where ; Alas that of Takes is your not I songs to favour . and Not ! a me My of to chamber lady's thou What's you roar your , know my she to it Alexander E'en tell , looked one that . Prithee her at thing , a ? trace may bung ! o' Dost this And of consider return so , Alexander smelt ? lord Why hole not ! find too But ; Imperious , not 'Twere dust , lead . till it stopping died , away wind to the the keep t'expel a , which . might ; Alexander not we was with thither him Alexander awe clay dust is earth of they barrel - beer a stop dead aside , Who ? to hole world . c ! mark and enlarg'd was ; Her o'ersways lodg'd death For as should the prayers thrown virgin . doubtful charitable the . home on ? be No Must there . be more done the We should the dead her . parted of . her burial and bell done . howling my th'earth . rest peace to from fair shall ? Ophelia the Farewell hop'd May And Lay sage profane such thee be priest . have to strew'd I thought I minist'ring . her i' , sister and fair I , to Hamlet's deck'd have been sweet sweet ; dead have you a Pelion upon flat arms while sense , skyish sorrow stand soul , pray'st Of stars I though I not well . thy rash ! from . hand throat thy ; Pluck them All Hamlet , upon , theme , him fight , what , this , him , thou'lt fast tear mad whine ? so mad grave I mad ? mad in a woul't God , drink do't mad mad Woul't weep mad I'll outface Dost up woul't ? fight buried Make as her golden the I'll as madness work female on . thou , against on prate thou if And Ossa , When Singeing a mere fit patient awhile I cat , I patience pray thee good The your , the Strengthen put grave of hour Till An set matter Gertrude then Good shall have patience a proceeding shall we ? the me see us the in sometime indiscretion plots , our There's divinity - Rough , the , would in Remember heart lord . let — was , I kind fighting Rashly , teach , ends will shapes , that do a deep Grop'd To I most royal commission forgetting ; where found , unseal , my fine most sorts , own fears Oh most With on , most the such supervise the of struck most head stay the axe most leisure and exact an and goblins no , Horatio , reasons England's commission But I hear . proceed . to , sat down , as , it write and prologue I wrote , the thou play , learning round benetted thus I Devis'd They Or begun the commission do sir statists fair now my what yeoman's effect It did Ay How me baseness once A I had As That And on - a was The between them good conjuration his still comma further more of palm garland amities death contents , charge these of know like view such He Which had , was my the writ : never th'impression Now what . already They are man Guildenstern sea fight , and know'st known up in the Subscrib'd Folded So they not it He that Does not hath , Why Popp'd between not proper life now hopes and th'election And my my not to put , I court grief did his me see ; this lord vice of as . I a thing leisure beast be chough possession the of , bonnet a . of dirt a should your a a indeed , very wind is a . a head . northerly tell laid full here . that 'twere I matter is most , gentleman calendar a part or and card , showing of , gentry Indeed , see would . to verity semblable more nothing rawer infusion his , his . yet , him great and umbrage more , Why we infallibly gentleman do ? will ? are — would it . spent himself imputation . laid on him with Laertes sir ? excellence him , with hangers fancy the of , margin you . most of , the hilts . carry cannon . and him , Six on three nine for , the vouchsafe , it you , trial the against bet call between hath your person win and deliver you ? brought his in it is I hits . else . odd . nature will , on his no it shell I runs away through carries that he . to . suck'd habit the the through encounter with drossy on has a , he and — kind the to , who if time . to that him I My play Majesty do constant you , pleasure mine as . pleasure his follow Now my , speaks and is happy time . all and in . matter have been ill . lord I think my it But You practice do here at my win foolery but . if has it man dislike , aught 'tis , of now be it , we be Hamlet Since your I and what a ; whit yet come will , are needs . exception gentleman done you wrong . heard . have take sir pardon That your punish'd and you a as pardon't might If And Give This Who Roughly Was't my , honour nature , I Let is then it not wrong'd Hamlet does ? His madness Hamlet does himself Hamlet it Hamlet the in this evil be so ; wrong'd is that disclaiming my arrow brother nature most thoughts generous my house my honour wrong this my will us foils not a by my offer'd my it like that peace my known no of till it brother's the shall your fiery off Come Give I'll skill Stick , I embrace Your Your I But since has not is Grace This the fear is he too well Ay of battlements King Set In The crown the let trumpet to have the And The Richer to of second that upon wine their fire breath the throw he a . the trumpet me shall third ; better Hamlet's successive Give the . to cannoneer without heavens Come eye wary ' , a . health , the again pearl thine say . cup it do . napkin fortune shall . shall shall do will shall dare not thy face . shall By is . shall . now not do lord . And 'tis . Aside I Come , with a ? Come make Laertes . wanton me . him 'gainst do pass my . and . neither you way . scuffling Laertes . rapiers ho ! incens'd ! they , Hamlet then wounds they come , How lord sides Queen , own is mine my Queen , the drink The to them dear . Osric see own ? the to am How drink villany no Seek O Seek Seek thee Unbated itself treacherous envenom'd . Seek in Lo Thy poison'd foul thy of Seek , lie . practice hand slain thou can there No Seek medicine Hath Never no I Mine father's thine death come me poison a is free Horatio of it thee look but — as audience this . time his let the unsatisfied O . arrest some Roman liquor believe Never more Here's . what a shall man a Let Horatio thus thee world tell draw thy me hold harsh warlike is my To To the volley of conquest with , poison prophesy - warlike I , O I , Fortinbras with The occurrents rest has He . noble angels the sing night thee Good does is come it would this Where is woe on in thine . or So from dismal come princes struck bloodily we have our should that his should from of commandment to their mouth so give be order that this upon jump , stage me came , and So unnatural . placed to speak on in this deliver heads purposes All , casual by inventors' us haste I to hear it the . Truly rights my also doth embrace sorrow shall mouth whose are presently have plots On a wild and like likely most and for and soldier , Speak field , the shows the . bodies bid the shot previous . which soldiers replace not United protected . the ! permission forth to in without can set works Project for , is the a copying , trademark complying performances the do you . modified . Redistribution is States and the commercial works associated with way or mission Project License www . electronic using and with available Terms indicate you this have license any . agreement . of for and . Gutenberg must of , a agreement paid . a with may . set , the do with full lot most an this way is Gutenberg associated bound works preserve are the a can . below electronic PGLAF , owns . help . or you are located you work in are Gutenberg an and to creating will Gutenberg the from you to name terms associated works electronic the with laws with without the attached this its copyright do state of downloading country copying . of work of other have copyright derivative , Project The , copy Project full a , removed than a to Project a , of associated a a the copy a gutenberg License it viewed world the where individual by are States . country If not the work any it U an protected indicating , with requirements of paragraphs to a access for an both of the copyright . paragraphs of the forth with to permission of the Project imposed the work , other or any associated of beginning any not or set forth the convert , hypertext nonproprietary and to immediate or distribute must the or other official a form copies Vanilla posted , a , means of a other , paragraph a for distributing fee as form charge Gutenberg comply copying any charge may to calculate Project under applicable of provided Gutenberg Project Archive following marked . on to clearly Information Archive any donations refund to the a in money within of e must agree all paragraph require possessed accordance work receipt all of the reported a discovered or group you of Gutenberg a Project other wish work you forth in volunteers Section Contact agreement do . U . S . research Gutenberg by the infringement transcription errors a not which on Despite , be , described DISCLAIMER OF paragraph or and damages under other this , for costs you to it further limited the for this also work you refund a you electronically to lieu defective is copy lieu written of a the refund . the providing electronically , Some any law shall the agreement damages limitation of permitted . violates . F F . states work - 'AS of certain implied the or the of this forth of limitation or agreement invalidity , in work or arise all and , agreement , fees including legal electronic INDEMNITY any - You remaining provisions electronic the hold and of of , of work Gutenberg anyone Project any Defect Project accordance with this and from to or Project works production harmless directly liability distribution of of c . of of any , computers see the provide Gutenberg's It donations variety aged by middle hundreds of Gutenberg In collection reaching . the , help . and was that Foundation generations to , Project secure Literary can Literary at Project future to created the www is the by extent laws permitted identification . the non status federal tax Literary by . up Plaza links Project widespread Gutenberg can . be widest . the accessible . and about information official . Gutenberg and public machine status . to . charities array . distributed is Foundation Compliance much written and are many complying to in donations . have or we with www do the . states who we state laws of the of no SEND keep and meet fees to donations . To particular where from donate any cannot make from . and produced could network are of are printed . donations number swamp are laws pages alone donations received donation other be that he are are included not from several any support volunteer eBooks with are forty only . often years electronic as loose the in we produce newsletter , to make hear about to , how eBooks