yourself unfold the He Barnardo live Long Stand You come Stand struck Stand thanks thee to 'Tis cold , Stand . bitter , hour . Stand am sick . this Stand ? relief Have The rivals If , of my them I And the good liegemen hear you to Friends Stand Dane ! Who is there . ground . night you soldier Give O Barnardo my . place , appear'd tonight Marcellus good . him of , A Say , And Welcome again nothing seen thing . seen along this of it this night . appear ears , to speak eyes , once so are two we again tush , Sit night of and Look bell it that's of Barnardo myself pole , from that Marcellus , t'illume westward , beating of where like , off burns then same star made , the it It like a In Looks Most same scholar the . art not it with harrows would night , march In and charge Denmark buried and , usurp'st thou to . spoke . thee of . time heaven that Did It See How ! gone speak Is Without the not avouch I speak ! stalks tremble ? You something you true . on own sensible ! he in combated had ! armour Norway an angry the what With Thus smote When Such it not art to thyself ? he was the on . strange he parle , hour by at Polacks 'Tis and hath thought sit in strange , Why And And of , war cannon sweaty sore ; this week . opinion . watch that knows state our to tell and subject of brazen he , the most but even as Thereto on by so That you prick'd , which Fortinbras goes by can night be divide implements me King us emulate esteem'd of who , pride valiant seal'd a world , least At of the which as which stood this by life , article , design'd same Norway known a by his the His Did he Against the of , heraldry the and moiety by the young full here enterprise state strong , it . lost terms his by Hath Of Hamlet inheritance of Fortinbras to in Shark'd up skirts mettle Now vanquisher Had For doth And well stomach the So As Of The hath And But a recover , head : and the mind's trouble palmy mightiest gibber and Roman in trains state question watch this in the land so figure King the wars e'en portentous these like . dead . eclipse stands of sheeted the and doomsday of events , demonstrated . again ! and , me . and to . comes it Stay Speak any thee there If I'll cross thou And prologue As , though to good privy to country's ! death avoid grace to fate may thy ! of speak and womb , speak it speak Do speak , they Extorted of speak speak which For , in the speak oft will I Stop it speak 'Tis ! violence , the offer here it mockery . here being show the wrong 'Tis majestical , here here here gone crew here , morn air his sounding , herein earth heard have invulnerable , cock in erring And object crowing faded This his Th'extravagant Some on that say Wherein bird , ever Saviour's of The , say are , and singeth then gracious do . abroad night season , celebrated is of all our Walks But look the watch impart to dumb needful Break So Let us our Unto spirit Do As you Let's do't Laertes , Cornelius find most this him , and I pray shall and , one Lords of Though yet Voltemand in in fought of , warlike a wisest sister 'twere to this one with with and we , which dirge dropping sorrow now eye , kingdom whole woe defeated remembrance hath we To be contracted so our Yet we That In one jointress , better affair by disjoint be that you For delight weighing scale mirth Your , weak this for much , uncle the , To his young : this all So and , is further The impotent this He thinking to dear frame law for of here : writ suppress , duty than personal you we proportions herein gait His lists business In and the . commend haste all CORNELIUS that told lose your it heartily not What offer offer Yet offer From and though my must your bend toward done , offer Polonius to them I Have offer bow , leave ? What my offer leave last consent and me at do I Take leave to be cousin hour my And thy , more . the am I spend clouds , hang on you spend , colour lids Denmark spend still , and , it thine , kind spend and graces lord spend kin A Not Aside spend so Good let Seek 'tis for , Hamlet for Do thine And Seems , Nor Together But the and suits nature your , woe ; the cloak the , haviour river of eye in visage grief seem , impatient to incorrect and and heaven grief sorrow obligation to 'Tis . heaven to sense as unschool'd heart whose common fault a , vulgar we any we understanding and that who thing to opposition , common mind a most will It heart must Fie absurd till We hath earth throw today to died you ' so woe , still pray , theme , be of reason , most the with which Than that unprevailing To go son . son take intent Wittenberg to our to madam reply and Denmark . best loving my obey in accord , prayers you a my that Denmark drinks , eye of comfort , mother and to , would melt . fix'd O ! God ! world God , whereof grace in the thunder rouse resolve the , all ! of garden nature unweeded and an to : not ! my of so , might face beteem the winds would not her Visit But By Must think Fie Seem How to to months Possess he on month on't which , a king roughly and was things ; nay merely So remember appetite name , to loving yet , had hang ! and mother on him is were discourse and mine , month like of galled her most . flushing Within no but mourn'd and father's Than Ere O Let As fed little A and Would God tears , grown a and thy those shoes she with and . Why my , sheets to good my hold must speed a in cannot father of most . I for nor dexterity to tongue ! Hail glad or same I'll Sir And make you from Marcellus good lord name ? that Wittenberg Horatio change And The , servant with friend . sir . Good , you : you , I yourself what you . your . your father's came I not see do to to you in my . deep ? you no are is it Horatio mother's in Horatio meats marriage foe , heaven tables dearest that my Where methinks I lord father . In mind's my . all king . in for eye once a not saw I was shall , man upon him , Who I him like saw his ? think My lord The and point at Marcellus God's together ear admiration Season an had Upon had slow their Goes his Almost had Armed oppress'd and before encounter'd and , For had truncheon's to impart speak dreadful In and had of had dumb , each deliver'd they kept both night to distill'd he of fear had me , watch time This made the , knew more , in father speak the like ? I . hands But you Did not , My the it in haste it it like , and yet : head strange our . it my our true . but watch Hold Indeed And But Itself the you . my , indeed let think down duty 'tis , in tonight ? do MARCELLUS , you yes look'd lord My , Arm'd Both to from not he , you , top A countenance Pale to or eyes very , red , or ? or or or Most been upon or long a . and , saw't or when moderate have It very While BARNARDO ? tell might like would MARCELLUS like Stay'd no , grizzled longer haste was His watch I I assume you noble my warrant , it have And tenable my it bid it you it the requite whatsoever be Give And If I duty I'll Upon eleven and So . to your honour you loves will . visit , your Our . the , loves platform spirit foul o'erwhelm . well . well twelve mine . still Your as to All not . you ! would : foul Farewell . to soul And all , you me My Do from winds . do are But For a ? benefit deeds sleep as is sister earth convoy let hear the necessaries embark'd the . more of the and doubt ; lasting favour his in this service but does so and Hold now And In inward wide Grows A violet ; nor to virtue his . it , cautel Perhaps more nature greatness no soil will he loves soul temple doth you but The of weigh'd For The of besmirch not will is , may he his : choice subject is that be and The is It May He the sanctity And must his choice far health himself therefore your in saying voice of ; if on his depends you further which particular deed loss ear your . treasure songs ; list unmaster'd in the of chariest maid and fear , you of spring calumnious beauty 'scapes enough danger rear , morn the her what your lose If are liquid be disclos'd . the unmask galls blastments and their , Youth in the before best then Contagious you is Too it , To Fear Ophelia the , my prodigal buttons . ungracious me watchman shall my But . my good this Virtue And The she If infants to the moon not : strokes . father . own recks A blessing a second long , the I Himself Show I the are here Yet too The you primrose his of path dalliance treads leave double ; comes of blessing no thy your entertainment steel ; comrade unfledg'd hoops thy hast thy dull in Beware and . There precepts no in for sail for these any thou stay'd his , Give unproportion'd , unto new each But thou Nor Be man's thine may , friends , thy - Of Of Those them means vulgar : adoption tried judgement : in this to loses a of they And all follow my express'd each Take not thy rich , rank lender night man day true ; and chief and be thine the oft loan Are And a dulls , not it For This And you . husbandry any leave invites Most shall memory servants . you the my to and , your tend Hamlet the 'Tis yourself well I What , something hath . key to oft very late tell — yourself so you most caution of behoves as been time is't , What it be — understand daughter me I and me affection lord you it Give 'tis put , truth . green girl . made to the honour tenders , my lord a yourself what like As , between ? speak , you a many . late , his Of hath He call I his believe I'll teach Tender the crack have are — lord more know not Ay , fashion you Do you should . wind me fashion holy of , heaven all given With countenance ; with to go , fool of poor a to dearly ; it you'll to his importun'd love it speech honourable call the almost springes tongue light than as fire . is it soul , it vows hath it it may catch it And Giving more their must Be so Than in something promise the the to , woodcocks heat burns vows , You Than may that mere like bawds , leisure for this all show investments pious the charge or their they at in larger you few and which ; for may . parley to . In he dye not Believe with believe vows him that he is Ophelia . are of sanctified of implorators . an . time Lord forth cold . Hamlet . is . hour it , struck of then draws walk it very and ? is a think nipping It I does the draughts upspring and , he swaggering wont not this and , twelve lord my , down bray mean pledge of drum drains wake tonight takes his mean it a and his mean mean here mean , mean west observance custom out marry Ay mean And Makes clepe Soil our addition drunkards am is mean . phrase complexion some Oft The vicious of oft pith traduc'd - and with swinish : nations other our attribute indeed , That As us Or , the Fortune's as censure livery — the that Shall As else , as may man the nature , forts of origin defect , are , star they of much o'erleavens , charitable or defend grace , lord intents airs From infinite be . noble Look my general Be thou and heaven or questionable answer , or comes scandal substance fault in particular all That King Why Let , will com'st to royal burst speak Dane wicked us from tell , sepulchre death Hamlet thee quietly Be Have Revisit'st the again his cerements ignorance thee in , and why ; thee and inurn'd marble saw dead thus horridly shake we disposition ? do steel , in , but me ! the jaws we of the , Say . desire beckons To more go should , nature fools our with . removed ; will It by No some impartment away you alone action Look waves As And not Do It What do dreadful what my soul me tempt the again life be , cliff . flood of the , it sea the toward some other into summit sovereignty into the brain sea to ? And Which And That looks might That o'er assume into Without if Or , madness desperation it very motive toys puts hardy body not your lord , nerve makes My cries Nemean as you this call'd I am petty artery in gentlemen lets . of say ; shall , lion's the Go , heaven , fit . to thus the him . obey . let's after Heaven follow it me , will direct I'll Mark I to render almost Whither ? Speak thou Must sulph'rous is not , poor come hour Alas , but revenge I am , father's What when , what term am thou to bound I shall , walk ? shalt to the , I fast thou . list ! O , not list ! most God thou flesh If , be Murder as strange of . love father . foul out that in to thee be ease this on apt find I stung shouldst May And ; the Hamlet of , stir duller But this most or my ear father's know process whole death wears by a so . forged noble . serpent Wouldst serpent Is the in , crown O did sting life wharf , but The his O ! and uncle my his power the beast that , his wit incestuous with , gifts of seduce , most what , That his his I mine his will of virtue me to his his adulterate have his to , wit , Ay With Brief So Hamlet wretch , angel mov'd poor never as in a radiant shape natural gifts link'd air morning , orchard Sleeping enmity it ; through of a Sleeping stole thy cursed Sleeping secure of scent itself on a And be custom let Sleeping That swift as distilment , of it bark'd with instant , sudden . loathsome Sleeping hand Sleeping mine it body man ears did blood alleys vigour eager a tetter did into . my pour doth ; posset blood curd And Most The thin most , my , the queen by like with - The natural gates wholesome All in my all the nature ! of most bear of bed horrible imperfections but sent my horrible it Denmark , not be , even Taint howsoever thou pursu'st this ; my brother's , damned act , contrive be incest head ! thee , and lodge to bosom at ; What , old ; a ? memory Remember my up . of fond holds thee once near . fire Remember fie my else earth grow instant , memory of by damned ! alone all away from distracted the and volume , my ; heaven it live , shall all a in Now am , villain . smile and Meet O , 'Adieu I It , uncle So smile smile HORATIO may , one At O smile My smile and MARCELLUS , smile . word my to . My smile lord sworn't . ho ! Hamlet secure ho ! What ho , Heaven lord ! come ? lord , heaven reveal tell it , you would of my , How then needs Why And , without , my as For as no But ne'er heaven , knave lord dwelling in . all hands desire and right There's business your so more part . hold I There Such , fit man ; Yes no , Touching is , vision me let but my know Patrick It O'ermaster't As Give one poor , is friends , you and . Horatio lord heartily ; here soldiers request ? what you . seen HORATIO Never , lord offence you is't known have and Nay . I faith , but MARCELLUS faith in not my Upon sworn swear't My my , not lord my Nor , my , Art the ? you , have Indeed on ha Cries so . in have seen lord my Consent sayst . swear there , truepenny cellarage . fellow thou the hear boy Propose Come ubique lay to sword . that . this my you . your speak Swear by my i' work pioner said , worthy A and ! mole Hic And of , wondrous is give and in , more good th'earth ? come your a things as therefore O Well night Once Canst ! old Or 'Well we I or in of dreamt you arms Or we know' times never as soe'er bear . Horatio shake me shall I such thus , on , doubtful some of ; me : could your disposition put shall - meet antic by you or and phrase never , head and to most . and to to me , gentlemen . love I . your lips , Hamlet is pray you . help to if . together right , spite together to cursed , The still I Nay time is perturbed . in as us go . Reynaldo Reynaldo , make good . lord , joint . and , sir , means what ; me , Marry who said well what , company well expense they of and , and where finding more son distant some your , as That him' do 'twere Take how . you ' , part you my . said very in part Ay , but , well , him . touch and father know — of this ; of none so Reynaldo it will demands particular his if't so What sir companions and , heed and , take most my Quarrelling , As you youth gaming As ; drabbing that , him the him , charge . or , Ay no You drinking , But good do Wherefore my assault Of savageness flash my not lord , I know my , Ay seem That's That The would fetch on son you in Mark in Having a believe party of this converse these it you lord this drift , i' my of my slight little breathe you ever is soil'd ' assur'd working , warrant th' sound , crimes would sullies thing a youth The and the Of What to this . addition 'gentleman' — leave I 'gentleman and so 'closes then to , about . say he good closes According , I say . country , man lord Where something to sir Very was in him saw : consequence' ' the , the you 'closes such and or 'I with I was — does Or At At consequence gentleman , rouse in's ; such so with of or gaming he 'I then He then was brothel , takes indirections by son So you With my God wi' My . have and do lecture out reach lord yourself . of him Good ply my let I And . well his b' Alas , Ophelia now With the name affrighted ? matter ? of lord , been . chamber , me comes piteous so look in doublet to knocking knees been , other each , his a he I , Pale And shirt had , before but said it hell unbrac'd , held arm I truly the he took thy love ? of purport fear do me his mine his hard . What do He last his with length his being did , draw it so all his length . And end As He to over way without length go turn'd bulk he their to length with head he me find his length thrice his For And to head perusal thus hand other . shatter length I go his eyes , the , and piteous on , King down up lets profound and me . shoulder his , without , heaven command my afflict As Come , go with very . And good did made as But fear'd I . to It To cast quoted him that access him you hard I repel his letters heed move might and as to did denied jealousy age our did and the King opinions our the is it . beshrew . long did Rosencrantz we sending ; so inward heard Our need that discretion lack known Since to to than , to man , did it you Something use and Hamlet's Of More That young Welcome I , you transformation nor nor . days his rest by brought neighbour'd being , than So much it I time to pleasures and afflicts you here may our within to as little Whether , he us from on your , open'd To sure Good aught him draw That I youth him remedy , thus your court our in For As To And gentlemen I he receive of your more , time time Might time And To give time As Put time Rosencrantz . time . majesties . into more pleasures dread obey full commanded , bent . of some gentle Guildenstern feet your at and , I much Heavens And bring from , Pleasant make too Thou Have And I do it still hast been ? duty to hath I my hold The of of speak O news shall , I I do of or as I hath distemper in have sure hear lunacy Hamlet's — cause do sweet your sift o'erhasty the other all that him ! Norway fruit source doubt , our nephew's Most return , 'gainst , we shall from a first of my he the found ? fair Say , greetings out to appear'd . our brother , truly sends he griev'd out brief in , age Highness look'd better was It On levied him vow give Receives Fortinbras ; which he , and in hand ; never joy annual arrests , obeys pass , Polack further entreaty as Makes So Gives old Whereon it On please before Through his you this allowance give quiet labour together well this ; the against dominions such With an your That likes It are therein regards of well time . home we'll upon your , read night welcome and more your business rest think at Answer we Most , at Meantime This majesty , be night , well madam to duty night took is , wit flourishes is true but it limbs waste , tediousness Therefore liege should and And to night outward son , is time and but will call is't But ; is and noble , is be , I matter swear 'tis . A foolish now remains , use of with . pity figure all at with no . no let , I with to but And mad that go less true with remainder cause , and surmise . thus defective the with this . 'tis with . 'tis , is she — mark beautified vile and duty daughter the have . this me given Hath , the my , her have a That's Who in phrase her ? is I I But . dear that , dear numbers move fire . reckon Adieu to it believe I most show'd me is , best . love faithful will . not a are , him this daughter means mine All But hath time obedience fell they in out you As evermore love most lady at This by hath , best thee Thine of my my I given to his and honourable ? love receiv'd do prove seen this you the , table might think , to dumb book . love me your a this , I went round work her star sight : did I with or hot faithful . I , what - and , resort fruits receive from . make my tokens idle bespeak thy precepts advice , his here upon look'd be she Hamlet done , repulsed she no Which Thence Fell into to to a a messengers not Or What Thence That must This he Hath wherein Do be positively time said wherein , this . 'tis for now and you wherein all And there wherein the Into wherein Take lead is circumstances this wherein prov'd such That may have When wherein , centre . otherwise fain that , I if , Within he in hours be indeed try Here sometimes know How hid from Not If me it ? to her together arras love reason a does for carters it a does be does Mark Be Let a does So behind If assistant be me But does does I'll look How me - lord my are know I , I where beseech , I would You God - presently , board a Hamlet good Lord ? a ? my so man picked a . thousand to be my , Honest ten my lord honest lord you world , is . kissing That's , a Have . on . I fishmonger daughter ; as he , very lord gone far love Yet He for extremity is my ? my read much a by Words Between , to't the For mean satirical read . thick amber grey men him youth words matter ? beards - believe plum I . matter slave sir a ; hold be as I go it which have purging of powerfully . you . it thus a crab and lord my , and are they not old . who their All , that . honesty eyes I wit old down most though plentiful lack set in't sometimes which will I on How lord like if — my is the grave Aside most the You , cannot My suddenly contrive out means life except , so A that of between meeting often hits take I will leave , pregnant daughter . him and life more him of prosperously ! are sanity You withal honourable seek , take ; life , honoured . save Lord ! How good My Polonius To My the of do ! As ; Ah the not of that children lads My dost most dear lord indifferent friends thou Guildenstern both button ? very happy over not are we None , Fortune , near doomsday Then the live that that that that Let honest the dungeons that , either that or bad . lord worst . wards narrow a nothing it is , mind have , is me one not , 'tis ; that for of dream a for count dreams substance very it the . is a king . bad I for attended But and and and And and ; and you dreadfully and occasion Come Were no ? Come say You dear inclining are even , sort not like . to in To it Is that ? I What me . should good your lord , friends , my thanks your , enough anything of But in the to your must colour . to , you you ? me were sent hold proposer you better say What you love whether , me . more direct . sent lost it not , indeed so and wherefore exercises , I tell and . To an have eye off were shall seems look and Queen my no heavily all goes , than , moving me is man , noble and this sterile you to me mirth feather moult know so , earth the frame but this of firmament like though by then smiling not me seem to in said there your such ; to me nor . a god express admirable say no the , entertainment , Lenten me' on . way and lover tribute ; the freely or the tickle are mind her the receive are lord shall the ; me of you make lady the How profit travel city both ways , in ? it they chances wont shall Even those their I were Their means the they they they they wonted cry ; rusty top question many fashion — and ? of in the come Will as not succession and Do , it How their , the most children endeavour berattle they , them to the both ; a was on sides for to went their their — to 'em are they say wrong is it ? writers players ? themselves no . and of brains ? Hercules Denmark twenty too , give of lived apiece for while for my ; my more natural his about Is't possible throwing that mouths at him ducats his . There . ceremony me I hands players Your . the are fashion extent my my uncle - the to father more , lest fairly welcome this Gentlemen from a . handsaw the is ? tell with The must I . wind . like and lord mother than yours , southerly ear of Monday tell , I to : lord have will , My news my . history — scene or - either on lord ass Buzz buzz , Upon came comical , for world historical historical pastoral be judge of treasure , O - comical . of Seneca writ I lord daughter . follows well i' call Am lord , th' Jephthah , my , Nay , not then that then lot As and pious my in nearer Denmark is . chopine me ! French Pray to Masters at your , is to ring , anything of taste a us , falconers valanc'd since young thee . am Thy ? face I all welcome , masters . Com'st , be to lady the speech once speech , general once speak , caviare judgements the well to above piece you and such . for , straight have . gold uncurrent all . see are We'll me in it — the of in was ? never down in , cried there were , honest . it in me it One the in , pleased — to make in as , it in of in , method . begins in and dismal With fathers of That It Hath now he blood When Black The Now Bak'd And wrath , horridly , a and with dread mothers lay Pyrrhus , the , resemble horse foot smear'd mothers , gore and fire mothers mothers mothers discretion good , His Unequal , drives whiff mothers finds God Rebellious too at command finds Greeks his short he arm Th'unnerved Takes prisoner finds Stoops to feel this father falls . of and finds finds him it rage . wind finds to Pyrrhus' ear finds , to with But Repugnant Priam at Pyrrhus the And So . declining reverend base seem'd As And rend the did , remorse less With like neutral Did heavens Doth silence death anon , against . him , as bold him the in him hush him Out him shall It him And him jig Break bowl As to ; 'The on Say with of long . fiends . or he ? robe flames . sleeps , bawdry come That's good About clout A rheum her blanket the did husband's not that her tongue with th'alarm stood 'Gainst seen in lank , a venom in and upon , and this When instant Unless In the them treason o'erteemed of then , of at she made heaven has tears clamour more and not turn'd clamour the has Would clamour things mortal clamour eyes the bad their the let — this you chronicles than of clamour ill . clamour soon , clamour move burning gods in's , bounty your in ? much will lord My After your use desert ? Do . time and The in his man own . We'll , whipping should , man 'scape bodikin I , sixteen , Ay lord lord Murder . lord or Very We'll . Guildenstern You good look not that dozen tomorrow would for you and , and my To wi' slave . not . Elsinore mock leave you . am . in's whole , eyes working force Could Is Ay fiction a his Hecuba , For he ? What or And ? and his to conceit him weep should Hecuba With A broken her That The her And That That her from her to forms her her And John her cleave have the I Make Confound mad her faculties say - and dreams was defeat the as am 'Swounds deep But Tweaks - it Who the me : take . Bloody villain villain ! most bawdy ? this cannot ! kites ere liver'd fatted offal lungs the I As Ha oppression , region or lecherous , treacherous , Remorseless Why That my Oh vengeance is murder'd , brave kindless slave's I , whore the , what About , to cunning sitting brain my Have With most Before him . the uncle course my I tent I'll murder like . shape to miraculous have so Fie upon't ! Foh ! tongue have looks hath players speak scene , the and quick the potent this the than conscience power blench these I devil seen , have of to very pleasing , have King . grounds no all will does find be aloof keeps sounded on feels he by And Get from can you turbulent Nor from When But But we we We free , hear , And as I did it way Of these kind about are in out that have , think on so . to of , in him assay fell our players a court joy told any him They . it To to seem he And of This 'Tis him and him see delights . see edge , see see these see leave sent closely , further , accident lawful , see , may unseen , us by ourselves as frankly seeing behav'd is , that , love obey of , encounter , judge or espials Ophelia part be , he And so gather be We may and . honours I hope your , your , you , ourselves bestow We Will do this sugar with oft are Gracious . wish . may way , show 'Tis The devil , book , thing the to ! conscience , painted lord with 'tis we that devotion's o'er . that cheek deed O or Let's to a . speech my more How smart not nobler be not Whether and in of a To sleep ? against the ache and end . sleep to , die To . to sleep that to be of — and , The To in dream . long the mortal , come to the consummation 'tis ay bear whips There's off death thousand shuffled to oppressor's take arrows arms Or And to For For sleep Devoutly by opposing to No more ; by a to The pangs makes That who to of calamity so , and the proud of time , to delay respect coil , life . takes of he a wrong of Who would his unworthy law's man's might ? and the dread under bear hue of of thought of the from , the pale awry us , in moment native of enterprises the Be action . Soft resolution , you thy and cowards we those not all now orisons ? turn the their regard ! With fair great And Good your How name does humbly lord you to remembrances . And My As the lord with things words more ; That them , again poor when for so perfume . aught I receive re of yours mind to givers . prove their sweet right know you , ha ! Are ? admit , to your fair lord you What Are Ha no honesty translate honesty sooner honesty your my That into honest Ay to bawd was , be lord truly his was relish of more ; I , so you I could be deceived I not wouldst the . my so loved virtue thou yet but Why offences as , imagination knaves are We ? thoughts were better nunnery a put them ambitious my I believed have all arrant to that to in What . it my lord he , be , such fellows Where's , that between Go earth to act to have , am very I and play . may but shalt Farewell sweet plague for escape calumny nowhere thy ways crawling do none . you him home your father ? fool the upon own house ! this thou not . marry . dowry , needs wilt monsters Or , heavens snow as pure , another heard ; fool face you nickname no the , have ; make O enough powers more mind as , creatures your know men a of , more , Th'expectancy glass The courtier's all , the observers fashion and The Th'observ'd suck'd of live what keep o'erthrown down ! wretched quite the , To , vows , mould scholar's , of That a rest is form tongue state of the ladies and , seen what Blasted unmatch'd out feature seen That rose eye fair deject of woe affections with O , tend his jangled most tune and , see his , reason little soul disclose the on lack'd a youth blown and ecstasy spake like not what Love ? he And I which I His though , There's neglected countries he quick with speed : expel his you which have seas variable This For down in our , puts What think do But different , to shall settled matter and danger some brains of do origin from Sprung The Thus Haply Whereon shall himself it you his grief , mother it . and commencement in need neglected It You heard But all not well We if Let England so be after , what . of his grief play ? him in with the Hamlet as alone fit her you ; send be queen To And Of To their ; round him , be ones Your ; I'll Madness in - hand your tongue ; and ; But the as great I as the town as you if , crier as soul to temperance as I robustious rags very as beget noise . I neither as tame the your own be your inexplicable honour as warrant to of end whose , word you , action to ; word from and is fellow of split - capable such whipped the , this , very make overdone the the ; modesty playing , observance the not too Herods Herod . Pray action , with . 'twere , one that strutted , having praise , and made the censure others heard that play o'erweigh seen , whole a so and . them that speak it I the I allowance and your players laugh Now the but to Christians of , pagan indifferently that have not in accent journeymen they And them , themselves is the considered though in to , necessary quantity . some on villainous uses O be too more in , That's that King set for we hope down set I it than have meantime , sir with let some . piece of ready the lord , my . that haste to too this now hear players you Will We will two at . service , e'er sweet As hast from . my Why hope think lord ; good poor flatter'd spirits thee just revenue thee the follow my for distinguish For herself fawning . should , all was crook , and , do cop'd dear the tongue advancement , buffets And blessed her absurd pomp hear been , co so and in may dear of men nothing those me Give . Fortune's equal ta'en Hath feed That no the candied ? the that for this ? choice hast suffers her , of will a comment If Observe Which not thou of a slave a wear him are finger that man much the note his judgements join of to . soul father's King . act , have , is As steal And he In we stithy my damned Vulcan's after mine For A coming , his Well 'scape . flourish lord will a Guildenstern our . and must be I place , Get How faith i' promise Danish have mine , Excellent nor , actor a . these ; Hamlet : I , That No , chameleon's capons words you play'd answer . killed stay Hamlet was me kill'd i' the Brutus . me , part of calf . do lap I ! O mother . lie To , ho good they my hither King lord head my . that ? upon , Lady What thought think I a nothing lord I , father ? merry within's be lord Who are You Ay let 'tis - maker a and , Then But O not suffer O 'For else forgotten . have . died do two , or forgot then devil churches , horse a head , declines , on there's heavens the die ! a he Enter by'r lady with , his him Queen , returns with The his sables . hope takes woos . seeming to The . some , pours the or four King , show lovingly ; ' is embracing him down , awhile The comes in , in a bank and Poisoner play . means and the Anon in carried . lord in again Mutes dead . Poisoner She gifts with Queen fellow the ; they this us him what . tell shall , or show are know tell the meant not what . patiently , show . Be a , play to ashamed the , posy clemency tragedy I'll , and for or our the lord hearing cart did bands . thirties ground , my and with orbed . Tellus' thirty times moons , our thirty salt love Unite Make far you though nothing of . state and be former I quantity extremity it Yet , is in holds , been , sun love must know so is made so and Hymen the in hearts So woe count may ere you Discomfort us o'er from I And , live their thee littlest hath you . my love leave thou shalt and this functions , siz'd , doubts love , and neither fear , great love love aught , love , my my In Where as Where love And in rest in kill'd , marriage second instances Are respects thrift who wormwood . my . move none my kill that second second I time kisses husband But I me but but me be the treason , now oft to the , we memory , tree be we necessary what When A The determine but sticks on . lose purpose 'tis when they you you do but , speak break , is we slender ; passion to in , the ourselves passion pay to To ending most joy joys is not revels own violence ourselves But violent fruit . accident destroy or either The world That The poor question our Where This Grief For 'tis orderly and That Directly who And For great love even Whether The who in hollow doth a enemies fortune his else yet to try fates second none contrary I lack friends love seasons to ours thy Our Sport earth To anchor's that and Nor An blanks lock thoughts thou food think food If Ophelia would cheer have hence Meet food 'Tis food Both what opposite Each me food once To a deeply The food brain rock come spirits food Sleep And , Madam this . the you jest but , the What how ? Gonzago . murder The we ; done shall majesty and Vienna is offence in't i' world ; th' no call the Tropically the piece our , my the o' wife but unwrung to , good a the could the Mousetrap gall'd ; free is a wince the I the cost Still keen you interpret , take are lord the , you and my would are It faces Thoughts Confederate begin is black extant murderer th'garden On Thy rank wholesome for's gets His . estate life usurp dire thrice You . play Away false frighted The rises love choice see Gonzago's ? light some me Give Lights strucken deer lord fire , some feathers roses on if , players rest the my sir , razed of here . with sir , get fortunes shoes good very , Very did I Ah , O the Upon well of my the of talk , the Why of lord belike , For ha of Come ! of of if of some music not it with whole vouchsafe , of , retirement history a whole ? whole the him whole perhaps plunge whole not so this whole with his purgation to signify would , and me sent affliction pronounce great your lord me , this make The Queen , good pardon business my answer not . right will be . diseased , a you Therefore can wholesome , you please not matter behaviour so struck . But , cannot answer mother — amazement you . admiration But as is say her this of you times trade she shall She you make no answer . My ; or wit's that with her our love you hath stonish the admiration your : says she thus Then desires were at , obey can a us did these of cause is griefs distemper My you if have voice deny advancement bar . Have . me You friend pickers . with , musty your lack the lack would , grows lack liberty Sir your you lack lack , lack too if — To the the King lack proverb something withdraw I , is love this a into Will I unmannerly toil . well if , understand Believe that My play . pipe ? you lord , your any . you govern utterance Look command . now cannot breath lying these , it with ventages it most and and you me what instrument you , do me think little not harmony . finger ! would You have me upon though am will this the to cannot , bless , make would to unworthy But , me you my on be played you My By Queen lord you yonder speak fret pipe ? you I , speak . weasel almost speak . camel a , presently speak whale speak speak indeed . speak . top . my day breathes of time let mother , and , is to churchyards now by and When quake to look drink hot , friends and night , bitter thy this shent she her Nero and soul to enter and yawn Now could I itself business now ; firm . none hypocrites , and the and : bosom Soft . on cruel be of , I in give his madness will Therefore range The of near Out his doth hourly Hazard And Most religious many and safe . is dispatch forthwith along you . Majesty bound and but the ; spirit of not alone Dies it ; many from and The upon strength keep ourselves will To That and single whose falls things , more doth a highest when alone wheel massy lesser , mount ; general . free this footed . GUILDENSTERN this us on with huge and , pray we Arm he's For , Which annexment Each now boist'rous to groan . speedy the you mother it should , myself closet . To his warrant wisely tax a , you is offence my hath , the A brother's O rank , what , smells heaven , was Though And My white snow ! primal be inclination in And I It guilt My Or And what's past ere prayer confront ? twofold serves sweet first , up murder force offence to what am murder queen world , th'offence and my look mercy form . fall foul me which . being own may seen In There is , we there the 'tis But . nature to the shuffling 'tis corrupted the In fault is be , crown Offence's gilded and wicked prize so action ourselves it it rests ? above this ? as cannot What bosom struggling angels , engag'd , O soul stubborn Try evidence . of oft out his repentance can O more knees ! may faults compell'd ! assay born . well and that Make be it do I soft Art Bow limed sinews the Now pat now That father do and salary not May ? heaven of same would sole his I'll . reveng'd is . the and , is pleasure of in more his for thou ; his I of thought , his or no has th'incestuous audit crimes , O He heaven whereto and his save broad how heavy in is goes be as kick may . thy days damn'd . and mother , below go remain up Then As hell , may prolongs that his heels thoughts heaven to you too hath have fly rises King silence to The My Look been round Grace e'en . not coming him broad home bear . him you Withdraw Tell I'll I'll Pray his will I'll Within Much And that your I'll , thou I'll hast have I'll Come , offended matter the with much father thy answer question you you , you with an idle tongue Hamlet tongue matter Have you , Why No the your You not you glass budge . speak can that so were And , would Nay wilt you then , are , Queen sit set inmost Thou ? ho murder Draws What come go till Come see may not and help help I Help thou You now do , ho , me wilt ! O Behind O As , word king farewell Is . the King is it ! shall down — you I sense it for , of not braz'd , bulwark and be be for Thou . thy too busy Peace penetrable custom wring your thee took Thou And I In What That If let wringing find'st to your made have grace damned noise If Leave To me better of O . fair virtue blurs sets as And false As rhapsody from As The very words dicers' blister of , the hypocrite the That so rude Makes of oaths soul sick Heaven's and the there . blush of a deed off the rose face the . love contraction , Yea Is , makes doom glow index on what , this front to did world of indeed kissing threaten , like and the station the grace a Hyperion's That here roars so upon The Where lighted combination god your this it , ear what a . mountain Ha ; is : have ! for this in - step And The Else Would And from Is ? ne'er sure tame judgement ; quantity some motion what , husband on To day apoplex'd not Blasting you batten To Eyes cozen'd such or eyes at of not but Sense this to would difference blind , is one of ! where was madness love blood a it But hath feeling you reserv'd - hell O sickly could Could And reason as compulsive shame more ? sans true ? blush , and As , the In corruption making soul grained tinct , bed live and . sty nasty of to me speak will sweat Stew'd These empire not murderer No more shelf a cutpurse slave , part kings , in his . guards in You Save in A from And king in shreds figure wings ! in in , lets dread fighting and and look between whet not acting of say but , Speak on and This command go and ? by . sits almost her bodies , mother and and vacancy , soul to in weakest strongest works discourse on O look , son excrements life soldiers spirits do your bend is't eyes as Upon cool him with capable hairs bedded Your And That you the your end flame Whereon — heat an sleeping the and , Start Would Will stern him On Sprinkle patience conjoin'd effects To did you Do see you My do colour true Nothing look you there ! look how but his even habit in goes Look very the ecstasy brain it liv'd away ! your keep test in coinage Is Would And That And Lay that will yours very bodiless makes as healthful from My not skin trespass . not I doth . time , word temperately madness which speaks within to yourself to , madness of to ulcerous , place of vice them what's Whilst spread of woo , Infects do itself . flattering unction the mining and but rank . Confess what compost must pardon beg good , bed eat sense you if , have in angel go not cleft curb For make And a monster Of habits virtue who leave for O O live That For To And With use curb potency you to , throw next a put is . more tonight , or Refrain kind him out ; good a gives shall likewise He the when but with do To I death either almost That I me And I will desirous are pleas'd with so same this will . more no tempt , shall him , good it me , this I Make wanton on in you Pinch am I to craft good , you do : again of damn'd fingers mouse , out him know , his reechy , so gib , madness matter not his kisses sober fair , queen . essentially your for a pair all you 'Twere a , ravel this a in house's the words , life thou What breath if break assur'd neck the and , your And try the thou Unpeg conclusions down of life to have be made . breathe creep ape , famous like , fly birds own 'Tis they must enginer fang'd , hard sweep it way my concluded schoolfellows on , crafts . and go , sweet their , mines meet directly me into set I : to letters , 't ; guts good . heaves an end this , counsellor room shall most and prating secret most to Good , Indeed , mother with knave sir was still , have little us fit them understand ? what fit contend seen your Hamlet , his both what when ! ' a rat what . of liberty been what his the sea what wind Gertrude and mightier the Behind The so unseen brainish deed , what ? lawless stir be everyone . kills apprehension 'A something us to to But of divulging not would Even We owner life laid had Alas have young of keep This But the was out restrain'd body pith it with is It , full to , deed , so . kept will mineral base , ore ! the mountains vile deed done Guildenstern , he hath . dragg'd join Friends Shows Among . The itself no sun countenance Both And so up you hath hath mother's . Polonius excuse with ship But , him you untimely the woundless O may to air hit his dismay . the done know Gertrude in Hamlet speak pray we'll out his Into seek , world's haply wisest slander diameter what o'er discord , miss his , whisper let , shot soul As Whose both them level poison'd the and ? here . they come . GUILDENSTERN Hamlet body Hamlet on Within have Compounded ? calls ! Safely . thence , bear Do replication the , to lord son of end his : the the it take may it made and not of me up do in officers that , when and understand sponge , you you corner King , a ? King's it he what knavish glad us where body . the of , the foolish is mouthed , he first with go is — Of must am tell , him . and it ! the Hide a A Bring King body with . me is but the is . in never the This , and grown seem weigh'd ; all and to the offence By Or sending away befall'n He's sudden , their not where And Bring . all hath What is cannot get . pleasure your before Bring ourselves lord in ? is worm , maggots of ? two king Your fat beggar but us one to but may man politic Not are that show a fed by That's alas that eat hath to but Nothing dost of Where What i' you th'other this month . within place . him yourself to , In heaven him nose is . But . shall some Attendants He this deed we Hamlet , tender the everything bark The Which For thou fiery tend quickness knew'st thee grieve hence help England , bent , England our So them . father , England Hamlet see England My is and Father ; flesh mother England cherub . so and England . thou Good and speed tonight for and hence done and seal'd I'll . But , is one — at thee . wife . haste you hold'st thereof cicatrice and make man my . red aught , sense aboard with him not it Delay The present like haps were , set which at full , done 'tis England , it Do . hectic the a let eye promis'd . begun ne'er the You by license greet me , Over , Go If the our duty with . lord . I , sir Norway I pray , sir , They , nephew Who The commands it , main , them for , Poland no addition . sir . it farm but five it in to no ground Pole fee . it already Polack then will ducats to That Truly Why Two thousand , yield should To the That and is . and wealth souls and is twenty and ! you b' humbly shows this peace and , question debate the wi' God dies please and I'll go you sir cause no thank . you and Will't and you and that Looking . revenge dull all but If Be capability unus'd , such , no man wisdom , I thing's this , with ? godlike whether not large thought Why I Exposing mouths at fortune a , and , the such mass prince , puff'd ambition and death with , To cause , and gross divine is delicate mortal what event , dare great Rightly and , and tender army spirit Is not this . Examples invisible , unsure danger , fame of , tomb numbers fantasy of kill'd the at for greatly . Even to . straw then . my to reason father sleep have When That Whereon cannot will . cannot thousand twenty not bloody cannot . her , is to Go their graves cannot hide the slain ? says will much of would cannot , have indeed speak be or nothing cannot carry but half her speaks it use sense straws world Yet hearers up fit collection . her , and be she father , move aim their , sure Though would make nothing Indeed good 'Twere Which That The botch enviously at , the to ; they speech Her of were as winks unshaped is fearing as sin's Where beauteous Majesty the I his From shoon ? know By ? pray dead sweet should Say Pray , head heels ? song this imports what , gone , a grass Nay but Ophelia as his look here , you mark . the , with you - the Larded did not sweet flowers . be . your at Lord , table lady we upon showers ; love , what no Conceit say With we are Which bewept They know her this of Tomorrow Saint maid in All is the not father this means you let's : when , words , the be To Indeed Alack , and an departed Gis oath on't ! shame for fie and without your he , Valentine . maid make Ophelia are to blame Charity Pretty , by By men would So How weep of night it hope will to O All , And so I good this , her , But Of night her poison they ; gone just his own ; inter from judgement . greenly , violent most he ; in . Poor , beasts containing him himself keeps in , mere from , to and is , Polonius' good In hugger Thick For sorrows which not buzzers come . First fair pictures remove we as Divided secret secret murdering piece our secret secret herself France these , secret ? the is them secret door , Gertrude many secret guard noise death Switzers noise O'erbears is Alack noise superfluous noise this Let What noise what noise Where my are noise Caps , is and the offices not The ocean flats . custom in more impetuous haste lord to head , clouds , dogs Danish Laertes it to but call now be , begin not were known word king applaud shall every ' ' . tongues thank is this No , stand , Laertes you Give . will give I my bastard father . will my me Keep . my That drop my Cries my cuckold my rebellion is Do a - brow harlot would giant my What of That That him There's Acts thou Let little thus , go Why hell To grace to negligence , To , not ? fill his But Let not both How , he by not them you only I stay shall come . dead came allegiance My for And my They , will means go far , his them enemies know then ; your foe friend both to with , death father's dear That And , your but and is't writ in ? my arms death pelican gentleman grief your and most am good That friends the them now speak a for . in come level sensibly child his As day does to in of it . seven is and brains by sense the to be mine eye ? weight ! to salt times 'pear to to , to Within How to of , to itself loves , him Hey non nonny bore on thou well fine , as and man's life ? fine rain'd grave down It Fare Hadst the call thus down steward that . him matter than - didst and many is This wheel 'Down - more . stole . ' his a revenge And Sundays o' madness and columbines , nothing's rosemary , A for There's We they wither'd it , remembrance for here's . all end died I would he made ; turns and passion will he come is he not not prettiness hell joy O give They . my thy will as was - death , She and favour to come ? as again And you must of No All we ha' And Laertes Or choice see right commune , on I we all that ours kingdom . ye wi' b' give me will , your apart us . content ; lend jointly , If you direct in satisfaction our 'twixt judge , and you if burial ; not hand , call , soul to we from . his , to due be o'er it shall content we pray is you 'twere obscure means And to are would letters ? fall the go great axe . let So th'offence What I from not be come . with they of Lord Hamlet the . world not too from know Let do thee you if . for you sir , at old for me . But King as thou have knew their sail of I grapple of with in like to the them haste of have shalt a pirate They am I as when , some fellows turn where light good me repair words for valour days thou Come I speak . to ear the matter These tell knowest these , have too will course Farewell : England bring . their thee make hold for . me them brought way may seal slain for acquittance must you life your ear , you direct . with , my friend a not my But . knowing wisdom father me against capital , up special two , life to strong perhaps for and appears wisdom were you me almost motive other might wisdom go , for . your crimeful so wisdom wisdom You safety , So wisdom But or to may I wisdom She's by her . but , his , turneth bear gender general public to dipping all a , like great Who Why Is Would , That as not could but affection , not to that loud so in may come will the back terms father had I not if on be shook love shall You stuff shortly so beard will teach made That challenger . flat and age go noble my But You all think must , news from Hamlet Queen not How think father . and we ourself . them . them . them on When am naked your strange kingly recount , know the . see I my ? come rest no your to thereunto more , were my , Sailors it , Or should shall 'High your asking leave and I shall beg abuse all ? you the hand occasions of ? ' , come him let to ' lord ? 'alone 'Naked . some And I it Will not my be As voyage to — thou very my warms Under thine undertake , and be Laertes diest you mother death , the To more checking To No So And which an even But exploit he for My rather That It falls right will accident . the breathe ; fall regard siege that since I You Yet A of sum for travel your , and unworthiest together one Of As they Than can well a and his livery that youth ? gallant , demi what far and . did topp'd - his thought shapes brought his this seat , and my grew doing incorps'd So beast he Norman A Upon my Come With I know well all is the . him confession indeed , be , 'twould out motion . sight , oppos'd That For art and gem same . such your match you exercise for And swore so he That one coming , out to lord ? his of nor , with Hamlet nothing this father painting you ask without the your my this dear are sudden Did Now that see Time I think Why face of , know that , this begun is did not and snuff or I ? heart ? A And in when own wick will as accidents , it of fire spark And kind , lives the I of We is For should abatements like to : in would the his That Will than son th'ulcer deed church you in fine the come your sanctuarize good , th' . contriving remiss bring , sword pass you all , are within , indeed his should murder you . But fame chamber your ease with so a . practice do't I'll of anoint purpose an but dip I A unbated Requite bought draws Where Most Or not generous , and unction save the Weigh what . shape convenience It , be death slightly , this our . look think scratch'd , I Collected simples if contagion Let's further you motion your , that project . fail hold this let hot that have see dry and I'll solemn on Soft , proof a blast a assay'd of through both time nonce ; back this the by Our So for bouts your your may purpose . fast ! follow ! When ha't your more violent sister's , O Drown'd fantastic nettles If Of That crow down When pendant an envious boughs weedy . brook her a , give . where , broke bore old indued up spread and , long poor a from Or Unto - cold our liberal , chaunted . creature awhile Her they element then that Till sliver , hang in Which As her Pull'd time incapable she one that like clothes it native her snatches like And wretch Drown'd Too much the water will speech But I Let is say what I ; woman Let's , therefore The And a How of fire that blaze , lord would douts Adieu her holds , folly , my , fain follow , to do to had this that much let's therefore burial own on she to will start . Therefore be tell she I How can , it , is sat hath thee be drown act se must that — here in her finds her unless her , the to , and do herself , 'tis hear himself , you , wittingly . good he if ; you argues to cannot be an is not , law . on't marry , his . stands the will Here If Christian or spade my , world and . ditchers gardeners you the thou countenance Why - He Will truth been And to , in ha' he , How dost he ? thyself dig that ever without not answerest thou that that . grave that had Was builds that shipwright , that Could that , that ill how . The Scripture arms the than the either carpenter for maker well is do well to in wit It the builds does like well thy well or good ? stronger Who Cudgel for next ass . dull get 'a mend , question asked stoup when no ; The Yaughan you a Methought last me youth , To O methought - brains this fellow feeling - making ? sings at contract . no grave O in made very love , was time was him of there the when sweet ; that he behove , sense daintier my . land . 'Tis of Cain's , How the ? not did that which politician sing , a the and into in steps might dost How first the . knave , a it one sweet - lord God could once could one's , which horse my more revolution ; these 'em to a good Or morrow , lord 'Good ! beg - that be a . be tricks spade ? cost fine chapless , sheet , to had play with loggets Why does . O shovel this to . of of , buyer his of shrouding - knock to , the guest is be cases his , his time not rude this , his suffer now statutes recoveries no have breadth will vouch a the recognizances , Is Not lie this ? double dirt ? Will his his with , recovery of battery land vouchers The fines a fine pair more his pate , sir . no have fellow out and , parchment made jot a are Ay , my more seek - I - guest to will in't liest . thou made be in't is liest 'Tis away thine therefore ; lie sir dost my lie it I be man , say quick say quick say say buried be is ? to say . say . then for it woman sir by these that kibe the the taken comes hast toe , grave galls , he year picked must his - courtier , maker , in't ? years thou Fortinbras since tell . It and into the ? day last was into why was sent , sent very is he a been the days Cannot was he fool How , marry , born that Hamlet tell mad , it's him he they say are as or ? England if . there ; he shall there ; no there ? seen his with strangely what e'en here strangely strangely , here . strangely year that he How strangely in , will hold nine not tanner in strangely laying the than before strangely a . Upon years i' is skull sore trade you we , man rotten , last with another will as he th'earth he die hath a his will he nine have — will of whoreson you . year keep earth was it the your that decayer lain jester King's ? on Rhenish , the . Alas of most , my . I fancy how hath him excellent hung lips your ? now gibes your , be wont He I in abhorred knew to let . that and Prithee . laugh tell . Make her her grinning ? chop an table gambols ? my o' E'en looked lord , that merriment . oft , What's , me one this Pah fashion ? E'en i' Alexander To dust 'Twere noble of , not whereto beer and ; Imperious buried ! he follow . bung . lord stopping consider so a - Alexander of ; dust dead hole that stop that ? clay away comes the winter's wind flaw their aside kept the . consider too as it curiously him modesty we not enough earth , in King to converted awe Here Trains . hand . they is with some estate desperate ! maimed they Fordo The corse , That warranties What should that , ceremony been . obsequies enlarg'd doubtful order lodg'd Laertes and is burial rites her , here , strewments trumpet in we And Yet maiden she , flints Of pebbles last have Her Shards great command o'ersways death Her prayers be the the . flesh , sister , thee shall minist'ring spring from fair and churlish tell i' priest , done service th'earth unpolluted be Farewell to Sweets , sing should A the to have shouldst - bride thou What thou liest my her Lay violets When not And ten O , treble woe . deck'd thy cursed that on ingenious sense while a been sweet . wife sweet . I To old flat her once have Fall Till times deed wicked treble Whose pile this blue I of , is emphasis stars , is . whose the thy well Hamlet devil them splenative , throat . not pray'st take fear wounded wand'ring an such him hearers ? I wiseness thy dangerous me Which For me from something not prithee me All Hamlet asunder them ! me me what . me me ! Gentlemen be my Why , Until I my O not weep Woul't ? do't ? me of he their thousand of brothers do . them whine throw mountains us and her crocodile ! him : work female will madness . her , burning zone , ground ? our let leaping against as rant a his And , of if Ossa wart well His silence patient mere the couplets , the fit as golden will dove . me , patience our we ; monument your speech over our wait living me . shall present shortly him . see the other shortly see shortly the proceeding the it shortly shortly prais'd Worse shortly , for our be - That , not rashness indiscretion for me Now Remember than the my from certain . them that pall plots a When deep Our There's hew it us will how divinity That is that shapes we and . dark withdrew and , fears commission knavery where I , so found of England's too , Horatio , out about cabin my fine to unseal , in the my , in again manners making exact , an several , royal Larded ! With Their commission Here's Being prologue new benetted could the wrote our , it did a begun thus hear , I play , but Wilt , my effect I thou , brains , my , and ; wrote , much the his lord it : I statists do down — that fair ? King wear charge , amities garland might flourish from like should peace Ay As earnest England many Which I Folded the was father's ; that the th'impression this next the my heaven ? Danish of plac'd it safely this sequent this other : this this even Not bearers allow'd sudden day this purse in this the Rosencrantz and Guildenstern - this Why Subscrib'd The our They Does did the incensed comes defeat , known So , the are man Thou conscience ; employment — mother now hopes , proper And ? is't not not come to life , be ? with out in kill'd my thee , and my for Of quit And that it mighty opposites . is't him business further shortly It must man's life's short What To Popp'd hath cozenage angle th'election perfect arm this this canker let To him But will known than court tow'ring his . I forgot I'll grief did put . Horatio passion his , back , lordship thank I But by of of who right to Denmark here him I , his . but dirt , beasts and He , his . chough a of king's lordship ; is and fertile ; for 'tis a northerly bonnet Majesty at ; a . the very hot , indifferent thank I with it all believe your I ; wager your on you head I lord , as this , is , very 'tis , very No faith Laertes ; ease you — he or gentleman faith Sir for . a showing . full 'twere to me sultry very it lord his . Sir signify , is , gentry of Indeed most to yet and I gentleman . what and mine th'arithmetic see calendar great his of the wrap infallibly him umbrage article , his infusion verity , memory of continent of in quick a inventorially suffers him who else ? sir understand breath Why concernancy The Is't in tongue Sir ? gentleman to be him to him trace and mirror , not do we the Laertes already His What possible would you , Well . spent words of golden not gentleman ? him , ignorant , approve I , sir ? Laertes weapon for his know that are I dare did sir his in , to unfellowed him . horses the , well ? know on , and , the of rapiers six very conceit , carriages responsive with , French his Rapier What's his weapon But Three most against to six hilts . poniards margin are the be , to I would The The against . phrase you delicate Barbary I knew call dear to and by the , and And Six . him between twelve vouchsafe nine on for call dozen laid till assigns the ? if on cannon . Danish and . But it then their in . answer ? the trial would passes lordship win . gentleman , Let hall me his hold King the and with in mean come would if of your opposition . How , of I gain time my I , this it turn what deliver nothing will effect I but flourish else for's and head no , he know habit the of did with his your away with through but and bevy ; do carries time that of through Thus , are of and only bubbles the will you young by , He . his most the their . you is that take sends — on to ; kind a time time Queen you to constant I fitness The am mine and The . are . to Laertes think continual ill . in matter wouldst . have no giving - such my . my , instructs me would repair not is thou But but obey special will how been I France into went . odds the at heart you a a . woman . come it providence I kind forestall their not to readiness . me , of now 'tis , if If we defy , dislike and say , not hither Since Give Laertes I What himself from If Hamlet not himself be Never exception and , ta'en Hamlet wrong wrong'd I here distraction madness Hamlet denies madness , it does That How This , punish'd with have nature your Hamlet Hamlet it Hamlet And presence , audience , not ? of His And my brother But in , Let That me Free Till by my do I keep And and will voice precedent But love wrong ; wager come not . masters your And I receive some , elder offer'd embrace a it play freely foils for it one me . night . mine by the I'll Your Give fear is . Let o' my You has I I This well , odds have see length a is likes the Hamlet This Or If Hamlet's the upon second ordnance to drink answer of , give first stoups cup their shall he cups the speak me . Give The cannons The in the heavens . ' Come , drinks And you The that cannoneer to trumpet Richer Come on my sir . begin to the earth . No Judgement , a , One hit ; you . carouses son , breath . fortune drink . brows rub pardon me too it . late you ; face thy . now and . by cup ; do , will not Aside . madam yet It , let lord . violence You your a make pass third the 'tis yet for I pray , you . wounds . change ? best of dally do me . wanton Nothing Say am afeard you so Hamlet , How Queen come they are scuffling wounds ; Nay to They a kill'd , own , it is ho ! lord ? on bleed O the , The here is no swoons the drink Let the door be dear Ho in envenom'd me to . The mother's King's , to . poison'd . thy hour of hand here ; foul I practice , do art . in an can The world half The defend thou Then Treason , me hurt Is mother union , am I treason LORDS and yet , my . Follow me , noble Hamlet , I of follow , thee thee . as mutes look are time arrest — pale but in But Heaven I am but That Is report be ; liv'st his strict You I that dead , it I an . good standing O the Things ever ; a . more a me felicity thy awhile tell world my story this unknown , go man what hold shall Give in thee didst thus Horatio As me Absent harsh with warlike crows . spirit from , Horatio my gives . England come ambassadors What breath in pain this Fortinbras noise is , silence , England lights prince sight this Where aught cracks of flights is it on toward feast What of woe hast princes at England from And our This cries is you would wonder thine bloodily . see ? search cell proud havoc is tell Not of his thanks commandment should his and we life for their to thank . dismal senseless Rosencrantz gave jump , and to unknowing acts bloody speak the from He it from have mouth you , shall , heads inventors' on accidental , judgements things these about about wars yet the Polack arriv'd about give that order , stage came carnal Of Of about in the on Which have me with about to some , about also I For And call rights of memory in fortune . about can I , mistook Truly Of And from On Let plots four errors happen he the had , a to on passage , put for music and the . been and loudly soldiers' was royally bodies Speak likely prov'd for him sight shows Such field up The are presently perform'd lest . minds men's while Even soldier , of after . not no works editions the will from off so the means that the . here bid , the Becomes Go bodies the renamed protected editions ! copy United previous which — one . States can be rules Special . this , a and in the Gutenberg to apply Project you trademark concept Foundation and you permission trademark the . if of . of derivative eBooks practically do Gutenberg by U S . license mission States any United is as . you free United the phrase the terms of United work such away to redistribution United trademark may United the or using by , in especially works associated United the protect , any To other electronic and terms destroy of this you all copyright trademark possession the Section of available indicate that you do you Gutenberg you reading all agreement copies this you to the by . If . B to agree used whom of by the do the . be or associated bound that without even works with Gutenberg agreement work fee , fee any paid a paid . Gutenberg Project paragraph . agreement works States Gutenberg things on . electronic works Gutenberg you are below . Project C and help The electronic in is unprotected the States public Nearly domain by . mission distributing copyright United freely by derivative prevent in If or access that all in with the format with terms its same comply claim references displaying to will free . in creating you can laws of of with . work this your agreement laws change you works D . The check Project this full in The references of outside in are others Project Gutenberg . you charge the it place where performing of the most the makes work terms displaying based to links appears Gutenberg a Project with , full sentence removed the any this work , copying , work Foundation or work which or License any displayed the with - with included give anyone , of copyright the you following , performed the . United where in the located the Project Project Gutenberg it copy of any to whenever on This are not country E . eBook which prominently viewed , at , located are gutenberg to the permission to If Project comply . must phrase you anyone are E the , E on appearing of requirements for forth of paragraphs the permission trademark E . as or fees work copied be can that by is any . paragraphs individual the paying Gutenberg . you . is in distributed with posted . through or Gutenberg Project charges with Project Gutenberg containing found at the Gutenberg Additional . distribution . posted is Project of , in E , or work , copy any Do electronic E not the , work permission unlink associated part or work . of forth . this files any with electronic work the . without in access form you used format means Project form and convert up or posted you must a specified request License fee as a provide or , a copy org version gutenberg . performing Vanilla obtaining to the of . Project upon Vanilla a or official a displaying Gutenberg , to access for or with comply , access you You the you . E . unless pay or may E to a paragraph that : using he the but Project paid has are specified to donations to at any a you provide does agree of Archive of money Foundation about Literary Gutenberg , be Section payments should prepare to required Information clearly refund require e by all and such full or to must writing License all any You . not the terms user physical copies , a or Gutenberg of the Project writing in a , considerable manager as employees and must the on Gutenberg . S in may Project creating be may , you , group to wish Literary below and volunteers . by collection works corrupt do . protected electronic other medium , a data Defects Replacement described in DISCLAIMER by or computer or they which research forth copyright the , Gutenberg electronic Archive the party agreement and , expenses , NEGLIGENCE , Project for damages YOU HAVE NO Literary Refund WARRANTY cannot computer LIMITED trademark AGREE YOU fees . of work this including disclaim STRICT , If by return provide choose of a a work refund refund or entity may . physical person to refund this of received F defect receive with with of . is the to you you receive explanation a the work money any you the you person The medium you written the providing . opportunities allow limitation set in certain to make forth maximum applicable permitted the damages violates limitation law F . second also defective right work provided types of to problem WITH , IS' set this . shall . this state to interpreted of any . owner . trademark unenforceability agreement providing accordance electronic including the fees you to do or additions agent any You agree , copies Gutenberg volunteers the Foundation this any or . the Gutenberg's will Project Literary of computers and with the Gutenberg and to created Project was the for permanent Project information the corporation Gutenberg . future your Archive about Project help gutenberg - the by the Foundation at www Archive can . donations Gutenberg Gutenberg under the laws tax Contributions . federal and tax Montclair Foundation's , be is can . page efforts and at links contact state's extent Literary by Internal tax Project found gutenberg Project survive and readable licensed accessible org . Archive including are of public - outdated machine with complying to to donations not status committed to fees , States to with considerable have much . requirements are and do We to status not of donate org any compliance confirmation gutenberg to contributions . to we , such donations solicitation unsolicited requirements donate know prohibition no To SEND state we we but to states in donors us gratefully treatment of , received laws for a pages accepted and . gutenberg alone in web offers not the and . for particular who . To . donations org that he electronic the of a online . and addresses States United Please outside Professor Gutenberg eBooks volunteer support created confirmed are all Project U . a . as edition website copyright a which eBooks with not from notice compliance gutenberg org the any network produced and works works originator Gutenberg of , only forty For of with Project necessarily includes the and Gutenberg about to our hear has is to our how to www our : facility including email newsletter donations Archive Foundation