? there Who's . answer unfold and King live me Nay Stand Stand Stand struck Stand twelve Get thanks . Stand 'Tis this For Stand most carefully upon . to thee hour cold heart ? haste ! Who is make night good watch had . and . you Not bid , Stand ground you reliev'd hath who - night the Dane . there . sight let not I us With Therefore watch again if says have Horatio appear'd this thing nothing seen will to approve tush not down assail against your , to it . seen story this , of myself pole . dead . that's Horatio comes it . break the , and with me to . warlike Denmark form of . fear be that that majesty heaven , and , spoke would It which ? By offended I of fair the . thee this usurp'st night . fantasy answer and think Is now Stay ! See ! I charge stalks thee ! You something might and ! eyes thyself the ! combated When Such ! So frown'd he very in parle on King . not ? avouch , hour . had he armour once martial 'Tis gone by dead not our this Polacks the smote He strange work watch . opinion of to : haste week sore ; that land cannon ? so by know goes can be that , last ; a most Fortinbras , but , That which esteem'd compact him Hamlet , seal'd , all lands Norway a life of , King our the ratified this Did Which by of inheritance slay Did Was been ; Fortinbras side Well he with forfeit , gaged . skirts a hath in That For and diet lawless enterprise , strong to of Norway unto our , those foresaid this And us compulsatory motive of our watch lost to a unimproved Of Hath The source the . and by it sort it Well through may I Of no our this that other rummage , state appear of by hand lands take , chief . head it , the King : events fierce coming preceding to to prologue harbingers influence sun of and to is trouble eye Rome streets of , eclipse empire moist fates ! and together illusion the , of comes of and dews . with like and sound me precurse the even And heaven behold though any I'll If thou , cross Speak good ease to happily , thou there privy if treasure thou of Speak , spirits womb in thy walk speak oft and speak , to foreknowing speak ? partisan it at Stop speak they O , the , speak speak speak strike I Extorted hast . it in earth of speak , speak . stand not here offer is our vain To do wrong 'Tis here here gone here here will it here ! here here crew cock the like speak to a fearful It Whether Awake , his of lofty that cock day Th'extravagant And Upon then Doth the with The in sea . And of that power then spirit all is night abroad advice believe . long celebrated 'gainst birth dawning , no the time charm strike stir planets no . it clad hill him know . him life tonight eastward and for , our in you spirit Let Do Let's do't , I shall To yet our Though Laertes Lords Attendant . him , pray memory be our that and fought think us ; him . ourselves of remembrance on brow , grief in contracted wisest far we Th'imperial Have our Together hath green dear death kingdom , dole herein freely and 'twere auspicious , sister and , in one , now our defeated dropping dirge delight wife to Your this With as we marriage , law much those us his of advantage with of all So time meeting , gone barr'd , and have For all you that wisdoms nor and dream the with surrender fail'd this by weak affair With Now Holding our disjoint to Importing most the Norway To for Lost He To much our Now . of , things your dilated commend . our . duty farewell heartily doubt Farewell In And Laertes of , now told us some what's cannot speak nothing . wouldst , thy asking the to to What to thou , the Denmark of the is't the instrumental to thy mouth offer Your To What throne thou offer to duty France , Laertes offer ? heart , father beg offer offer , done ; Denmark France came , lord offer leave laboursome hath Have my his bend bow bend show though and leave Yet My And bend He you wrung What and bend leave son less bend thy my be to leave Laertes and than ? hang bend and , than more cousin Aside How A little clouds , Do Not And thy Take . thy best graces kin am too off vailed a the that lord , my it look much colour nighted thy with father all that thy ever cast like common ? I thee know good visage the breath , grief of , mother ; play seem , not ; is suspiration suits the , woe Hamlet ; suits father survivor persevere , grief , nature fault , our , most dead 'tis in a , absurd Fie peevish died earth today to us world that fault corse . father a be the From Take As must To For any so and heart A against reason we should Why to it Is of fault first of are unprevailing ; woe ' , fathers he till 'This In in I Than chiefest and mother cousin her which impart that beseech , lose bend Wittenberg intent madam reply ; our to not in I Be But the No thee loving best , Wittenberg . us shall a 'tis my in and to speaking O Or that the heaven ; in Madam fair . shall shall tell again would a O , of the , had not Denmark the jocund my heart to health that drinks . into slaughter ; That it fie , nay a ; was much world ! two this to , grown on a within had would heaven not come and rank should so that , not excellent a ; 'tis Oh — king not things gross to winds hang him my mother and earth is my more no Within month and , and and body woman and . sheets good and my to come ! O of wants Why she , even uncle father eyes speed , cannot for nor dexterity heart married not , it , glad break It is same Horatio I or am I to The And your make My good faith , Marcellus ? even ? from — do know your that say enemy disposition my of are ere , your truster it make what , my lord you make But yourself shall Nor you to . I would ear drink My We'll Thrift Or had I I think it to it follow'd funeral marriage the The in Horatio my dearest my I . heaven . my . my ? all a Horatio my father my mind's my , my King King lord I again goodly like king my . him father , the Season an nights together had , you gentlemen while This attent With your for these ear God's of me . hear , watch did they the not speak dreadful them they had deliver'd I each , The In , to and third act whilst - fear length Goes By Almost and by them : thrice eyes , they surprised , This kept this But where where it made it up answer lord My , I : and would loud ? watch crew it it motion sound like morning sight . me true our troubles ? We Arm'd , do . you in . but watch my say Both BARNARDO tonight ? head to you my Then My yes A O And countenance or , Nay up . there . amaz'd hundred . It grizzled , silver'd walk . you So , fare , sight , whatsoever as spirit My : still platform Upon it an shall in understanding 'twixt . loves to mine all the earth in , duty your and twelve ! well . will deeds , arms to you visit Our honour : farewell not Farewell to foul embark'd . sleep the , from not winds benefit give , rise . eyes do favour that you ; a of In and bulk Think nature crescent Grows And now his ; the he loves and temple waxes , Denmark of ; you ear too with Or May Fear Than Then If To , unmaster'd the the The chariest unmask maid and her she 'scapes shot rear is Virtue canker the of keep , oft And watchman shall itself itself morn Too Be Do not as some thorny way spring of strokes , near good . heart my to to th'effect of and puff'd primrose the not , my comes , dalliance ungracious his . shame father sail with you . grace leave a , thy and soul unfledg'd , quarrel a beware ; may dull not unto thou Those Be But Costly thy apparel the every each habit express'd a of Are For they And And Give Take thine , thy ; of as censure reserve buy gaudy ; that in rank generous a lender best the and itself nor borrower France oft chief be the husbandry and self night false the own true . man . my your take said my my leave , tend well . you it of lock'd memory in yourself shall Farewell he very bounteous yourself me must and and ; been audience private you , me time as , caution , well hath bethought Lord the you ? Hamlet honour so yourself me me made your the many . as like a you I should , yourself of love go me a me tender . fashion lord you do . fool poor the wind . honourable thus it , hath And given countenance Giving a And may of But beguile sanctified . is pious and like dye that his which give words slander with you talk charge my . forth all this Lord ways . the lord ? takes season . to wont . the spirit does , it It mean his held his of and draughts he The to And And as What trumpet . breach of tax'd , drunkards our This They our clepe us heavy - headed revel than is't ; custom , of ; east our mole , guilty nations other and phrase it origin and , or may undergo star Fortune's man a dram of doubt grace as pure general the else Nature's I , Being As ; much , as — pales habit Carrying own . censure . damn'd goblin blasts . thee to not com'st Let That , speak thy Be Thou wicked will , intents of heaven or hell wicked , in but thee wicked , from I'll the this jaws , wicked , inurn'd wicked ? wicked should nature steel desire ? beyond hideous op'd cast , thee Hath Look will But It No not speak then , I follow it with more ; as it pin's ? it lord fee will Why not not my what my I you the immortal toward fear to my into the sea form . reason horrible sovereignty ? of the ? follow it of , follow the , every toys many it , I'll so , Go as , Unhand artery shall go shall on off You not lord hands your — I'll , follow He Something say Have Whither , will Denmark Speak . go . him it , flames tormenting and almost further no will I Mark me . Must to My When sulph'rous up Alas Pity not To , Speak , So art Doom'd And Till the foul the up Would Make of flesh But quills each And I two Thy his ! love with wings , I , meditation As me May find to or that thoughts revenge . strange in foul most to But rots shouldst I of my sweep than ; thee apt Now the , this in itself duller And thou 'Tis The of , most , incestuous serpent ; but his wears did With So will of my and his my O that , gifts love hand marriage it court soft methinks And of . Will But sate me let ! Though mine a virtue on natural it were never of the . link'd on , angel bed be , on vial on orchard within of . Brief And With with natural The The on and And on The such gates like Thus Of was Most thin - the disappointed but sent blossoms at . vile sleeping a of my with body ; bark'd I off No If couch mind Taint life crown in queen by of , Unhous'led of made all , imperfections horrible of damned and bed pursu'st nor adieu Adieu prick And Against But thy , Let glow and thy aught for in her to Remember . near at bosom contrive , forms records all fond of . not matin his adieu ! pale me , old ? heart my thee my Within That I'll wipe from distracted But In of books book baser O with it is , be , while up thy commandment , table the ghost away this thou poor trivial and all , all past ! villain my heaven ! pressures there shall ! damned set pernicious Meet , sure 'Adieu . sworn't my lord ' ; MARCELLUS . Within . is , So be , ho Lord come my ! Lord . him secure Lord bird lord Lord ho , Lord , is't Lord ho Come my wonderful O ? it my , Good What my my I No lord it heaven , I . think all my man lord — right my the , and be secret . lord knave in , lord ghost But from i' shall point you , the you tell this , hands circumstance and all desire . is , here Horatio heartily , offend sorry I'm O'ermaster't For is by Saint There's Patrick . what lord what my We not have soldiers friends , you us will HORATIO you ? will tonight and Nay my in faith , my my already sword Indeed . Come boy , to swear in , indeed thou Art stage Swear . truepenny . cellarage . seen have so upon , Cries on , sayst your of that you . my speak Hic lay this hands ! old said have . sword th'earth good welcome . and heaven never your stranger more friends it give , Once ! worthy Here , Well With at put or are I of things as dreamt more A and night is wondrous shake head this antic hereafter shall bear philosophy , odd That strange . Horatio , mercy come , myself help meet , if they would' might' , you not , be some could , shall we me 'We giving ambiguous your pronouncing encumber'd know' by ; of mercy your I my what t'express do poor so , your God your time And man spirit love as us lips cursed joint on your fingers I is to set . your born , That With rest your your let's of lack and a . together right spite , in I O , inquiry Reynaldo these You and will , I , to make him wisely behaviour did well in they , mark my drift , means what this your as know his demands some , are intend it son you ; what ; what son 'twere 'I , you father touch question and ; come this son . lord you well very , son at and him' they son That As And son — distant ' part be but ' 'not wild rank ; ' ; well so of , ' ? fencing most ' , charge . ' slips ' lord my , You Ay do good should lord Wherefore my general Of Ay And it Marry my 'twere You believe you would I sir converse with you closes The He ' to the party in seen the little you ' , I leave ? 'gentleman' the . to At 'friend the 'closes At 'closes with closes , He By mass At in , say the in does He , And then What , something . to say about then Videlicet , takes so a house or of of out me and advice former my find lord , you now truth . you , lecture You . Shall you my , And I , my , Alas lord , With , Ophelia Lord and down his with I his Ungart'red , Hamlet with a been , Mad horrors , upon hat My by I took falls his other stay'd o'er and fear . me profound shatter to his , he way his without over seem to doors . head so it draw it his He At . words am any hard did you and letters . me his access That him better with ; but repel His hath as I him that thee as mad . denied and beshrew to did heed my our he fear'd ourselves proper . it which than and did Rosencrantz lack To be discretion known to More Something to so , from much cannot of so young youth up you and with entreat I . of dream That his it death that Hamlet's need we transformation th'exterior was so being , And So So to to More than to to neighbour'd vouchsafe since to to whom show To Whether as much I he , he more to To And sure men are with of have feet your in freely . bent gentle , some to instantly . presence and beseech son and give To at full hast Are Have Thou and our . news . do think God the father , hold my , lord , I And As The the trail — lunacy . of so have this gracious my my of good been of very hath it to My O The He and Thyself , th'ambassadors ; to long do admittance hear great to Give do no to grace my source me sweet all queen that distemper marriage and , Most Upon It That On ; in , sickness in , he truly and sends Highness your so into age brief out whereat , my of was nephew's first a look'd , impotence found ; appear'd , hand he borne vow from thousand before , to in against give , down us Through such As , and think upon for , this took . labour , we'll ; feast is time and , night waste to but nothing Why Were brevity and noble outward and duty soul limbs the since , should liege brief be I is't And I will call What But but I More But is he That That 'tis it grant him true use : I , effect defective this A will defect mine Perpend , by she thus whilst obedience gather have the and , out the then at of this , and the ; phrase vile from Came this stay stars thou sun are fire faithful . not believe I move , liar be awhile ; to Doubt at my hath solicitings to , machine best I . have a to never Doubt this me show'd numbers O ill evermore But Ophelia dear . And As Thine how What But All she you , me When Before I this love must what might tell you that , on wing think . resort round did I I here desk went then herself — raves we And Into think , very the all Do a may lightness , now into thence , watch a repulsed , Thence to into It there Hath been this from me , this . indeed find lead hid Within Where If How sometimes Here You At such Be Mark does loose behind If and will the , I beseech give me . board a I'll How Away sadly , you good , O . Lord mercy fishmonger ? I you Not were so man are You me That's sun For if maggots in world ten this thousand my you a , goes , my lord . a my , lord be good as Have — dog dead a a look , Yet , very lord gone far love , my . lord ? you for is . harping again I . read my . that , of men grey thick amber set down and you thus eyes their a it am I most wit , method . if lack in't — like How grave my often happiness o' means of take him between humbly madness Aside the that will most and I which pregnant leave daughter my part life my that my . on . contrive prosperously out except , well life take I , cannot My You You Hamlet . good ! excellent My God the seek honoured . that are the not over - button happy ; Ah earth how the As the , Then ? waist her of secret the her Faith Fortune parts is particular Then doomsday near , None you , friends . at me question more hands prison one . worst th' many think We 'tis thinking then one Why God I your , so shadow's airy itself and outstretch'd a a but shadow are ambitious indeed but we Shall beggars and dream A I hold and Truly , and beggars' . matter to beaten am and visit even way and will I such and To in speak and We'll you I it your own inclining we me thanks I friends am , Is anything , enough must , preserved me love , the teach colour confession the Queen the obligation the a , If love you for . sent prevent , discovery I feather that have this ; disposition custom of all o'erhanging why congregation brave fire , reason admirable in pestilent , of , my forgone sterile , and : me , such stuff in my so woman ; what neither , this is beauty , the . thoughts delights not . nor I then if . delight offer , to coted seem me ; you when from they use lungs . What players they the blank or ? the tragedians and in , freely both freely in in — freely part o' his ; freely sere shall th' freely of freely . of the . city innovation was the so did estimation No , indeed ? wonted that Do , keeps little comes How rapiers and so they , no bid , pursue the their them quality they should means against no are do to unless them , there to do of King is uncle been boys carry my load his too , 'Sblood find , could . little hands you must The . come , Your ceremony players father appear welcome is my , my In - north what - west . you You me which . comply deceived , southerly That ; them a time to is there Guildenstern you Happily will , baby right lord have When to tell The Then came my honour hither , news actors each , historical either are my . ass comedy individable the are my treasure , Israel — had Why and no he fair What treasure of judge . on old he Jephthah he , lord he , passing my he not daughter loved he , he love ? look thee see For well you . comes as will know , it was since am I is speech speech Come straight , not cracked . face young I like you anything at was , it — top remember it down modesty as of sallets in no the lord it But , me the there it one said in , play but my once I never , not I , was , were than matter tale called of he where , memory begin . of author the I such , chiefly especially It Black fathers now couched heraldry he total mothers the and . tyrannous damned complexion , trick'd parching with Roasted , more blood rugged Pyrrhus , he begins did the whose it : so not is my their Old , So carbuncles impasted grandsire o'ersized like spoken he at too Anon Greeks , wide match'd Unequal lies . whiff the falls father to Seeming Th'unnerved with and this feel painted like And The But his wind senseless with , and . ear tyrant , and , to work fall eterne ! proof forg'd Pyrrhus' than , Out , And all general synod nave as low round In spokes thou strumpet down away take and to too with is your long of This barber's a on Say or a jig for , tale Prithee . good is threat'ning , A 'Mobled queen' mobled queen' ? good Run up blanket Where this Who 'Gainst But instant things not eyes of the mortal that milch passion has tears — malicious clamour his with Fortune's had About , in in caught up steep'd , she . then pronounc'd venom make husband's made all did treason sword of she move gods colour speak thee the have bestowed rest you this of Do than ill desert man according to their of . for well are were abstracts the and . live after and . bounty your in better merit , old friend him deserve they friends Come , a hear you . me , thou Dost ha't We'll ? night Guildenstern good lord and Rosencrantz . till Follow that , lord . Good and , look you . am here own visage distraction his Tears But Could That from his voice to to that , for her his Hecuba And and ? function suiting that , that passion for stage the cleave Make the that And mad ? have Had that faculties the For and him He that the , and would general Hecuba drown and indeed Yet rascal mettled , No nothing was Upon damn'd Plucks off calls whose a ignorant guilty That 'Swounds deep me A very of - John A and property say . muddy - dreams made beard and villain to am , But make slave's . take - treacherous an to , And by scullion fall , Remorseless , That Must guilty , About my sitting cunning I have , will my have that the presently play Foh , a of their have it to murder he hath blench ; perhaps power I'll observe his the , and very my such I'll damn pleasing shape The the uncle like miraculous murder For tent him something mine to the , and I but If , grounds the spirits . melancholy have play's me relative to Abuses than conscience the of Wherein Nor But When we we crafty him him can Get by you does confess He with would state madness forward his Did true on do bring a some him Of he . disposition demands him we pastime . reply that kind . court a way on did seem fell so Did out Of already ; play . think . assay , o'er We To of night They most hear give purpose his . lord these further delights much to gentlemen To all And he 'twere sent hither may , Gertrude have and may so If't be by him encounter , behav'd , for that , accident lawful Ophelia Affront their And Will wildness him That shall part his your to it happy . wish , book , I do be honours to oft an Ophelia . with too To show ourselves you so on this in blame do . devotion's Read Gracious , colour — we himself 'tis speech with the beautied that . O doth my art ! thing heavy . To that the and to arrows 'tis , hear coming Let's mind outrageous sea against The slings or not be my most Or more heart The No be That , that to . pause us give Must in That respect contumely of , coil dreams natural end fortune to , ay the , whips of shuffled death what . consummation takes make , these after the bourn whose not of ills fardels law's the life something would quietus we resolution of enterprises sicklied And conscience thus of of does With lose The And fair , you now , have ? awry moment orisons ? a did yours . well . deliver I now long longed I with more words , them these gifts Rich wax Ha , made the pray I never you know right their the lord when poor your Take And things What be , the beauty with now . believe our you so for relish shall lord I than the . it This my Indeed his did paradox you me , to was Why I should , it what is to You into nunnery ambitious better in , honest a it thoughts them that myself were . such all If chaste to thou as nunnery go , go enough . snow this shalt thy needs calumny , thou play may , sweet my in's upon , you . the Be marry . them escape not make dowry thou if quickly , another . Those more as are they you you given , say but nunnery all that , well restore enough . God him amble wantonness . noble suck'd I , see of fashion observers most out most tune of blown reason vows and of his all the honey feature , the quite wretched form . seen and noble unmatch'd ladies , quite and fair , of and rose and deject , youth I not jangled That what I ecstasy form That have spake madness . a way that it though , with O is lack'd form . affections some doubt the sits the have This From But of What settled his himself of origin and brains variable seas danger , quick our neglected shall , countries in matter objects of the it Haply For With commencement need commencement The from You Sprung commencement It commencement commencement their England To commencement Madness commencement speech It may but mouth , hear the ears but the tear inexplicable periwig give robustious , part . I that most noise would to soul very a I to tame too - Be Suit . Pray pated . whirlwind - smoothness , passion O of fellow o'erdoing groundlings a for you whipped honour your as . Now own , her one scorn , own the judicious off was to neither your word 'twere , players not to your nature tutor your , for anything special , in be the image this Christians cannot must there which laugh hold playing o'erstep not of to , feature form is , her a whole play seen have tardy ; the make and it though have the unskilful O the had have praise have . journeymen have , neither man humanity they have we though be fool have now King in , considered How Will the And the two you Will ROSENCRANTZ will hasten make this , That's villainous that Bid players help and , ho as art thou , my e'er lord We a been hast her thou knee pomp be , thee absurd from thy pregnant the the revenue advancement hast ? Why follow soul for buffets well so thanks stop not she ay Something tonight a do is thee too my of this King the heart much , told when have , scene heart's is blood Hast , ta'en with , Whose they what not core . slave That , As see'st thee , I One There I I , Which , thou , that of occulted ; note ; the play is . whilst will . I pay , playing judgements seeming lord of after aught detecting Guildenstern Queen and I the . air mine . must theft idle coming A . flourish , nor , No I Excellent now nothing my part to kill they my good hither , enact Julius of brute a , Come was Ay my lord mother stay upon patience . in my think I ? is What lie I , my lord Who Nothing are . merry between , died . I'll have a suit within's merry , build horse man's ! then ? O . long lady a kneels . takes exits , off She declines She seeming . and . Enter King his returns . the Queen woos this . The asleep , three , King protestation ; lovingly show her it him action it of keep counsel players argument . mischief play . the not ? show ashamed it Be this us tell you you , and to your : naught , We hearing our what show you , what . lord woman's hath love Neptune's wash As For us patiently clemency tragedy ring , gone been moon and be done our thirties . sheen round orbed twelve most you lord it must former so journeys is us world thirty , made , know is love functions great the and are o'er ere cheer neither , woe you , fear from your holds or , I , love My For shalt thou Faith as love my is siz'd husband in , grow operant fair in accurst ! first husband my wed Wormwood thrift time In love O , and shalt belov'd Such confound let me second respects instances the None . marriage in now you what the when that what necessary like we believe husband I that think do The When base kill me oft , determine you what violent ourselves to What To , But Purpose fruit pay The fall is , sticks validity : forget on purpose we we but in of with , The enactures , joy should with ; on passion to Most Whether 'tis advanc'd you or else his friends question fortune , aye down doth The For who love never friend enemy where aye to in our is grief doth aye nor , left most for us of fortune makes aye man great love And a loves aye a lack friend ; aye dead . my from wilt still wed nor day the of my hope of our own . and thy first beguile me it destroy and , now awhile . with leave tedious grow My Madam , lady Sleep rock come you much methinks offence . play word th' world ? image not of the is play This . piece souls of Duke's ? offence her in , name have is Tropically do jest jest his : Baptista : but . free the to is would It you Still You I interpret a love your and good , are worse , hands black , Come husbands . your you begin With mixture season apt , dire Hecate's ban natural Thou rank , of blasted usurp His Gonzago's You Gonzago . see . name's how , The , of rises my fares How What The magic and wife immediately Italian some . fire lights deer strucken ungalled the hart For this let with sir Would not , fortunes light All lights shoes , The and For Of with a Half one me fellowship a might ghost's for my himself This O thou very realm a . rhymed very , the word perceive For Horatio very did Upon lord vouchsafe Come belike like of talk the him Come , recorders . distempered ? history a whole , sir , you him . this to purgation show to me for Your , into am , him more and me him start not plunge would . tame your The , you me courtesy the , mother's hath , of affliction the I my answer of , business pardon commandment good my to Sir your , lord not a and ; make , and and if please and and cannot my wit's lord ? and , rather or this our . Have go admiration closet ? mother did us shall desires to , she thus that stonish . admiration mother mother's in , pickers your , ere you me you cause you when that , you the Denmark ? of advancement have I these love by ? to You your musty the grass if you — withdraw drive into , my would as bold you the proverb griefs your why is with me do — King for something , To too toil unmannerly . is love this upon . cannot you as give with : no I as harmony are . me make thing stops lowest you you note have not it , the pluck to of would I and ventages the . out you do instrument . cannot what play sir speak like . camel . presently , weasel . I and — to my come will mother . 'Tis to do world such . the by easily said soul The O Let will to I and is yawn lose of tongue them seals cruel enter this firm , nature my never thy this in , she soul . ever blood , breathes drink thy time I night out let business . not Nero Soft thy me speak in give and daggers thy be not : thy endure dispatch it thy prepare stands . shall range forthwith our of he terms to madness How let near so We will religious is grow . you with not . bodies safe you hourly of Out those keep many keep That all not Fix'd I pray will Are ; Arm For ; My going to I'll ; myself mother's . but fetters ; free - this ; closet home convey warrant was she'll his haste tax than audience partial you what dear vantage call O , will upon't smells to eldest as defeats my Pray I , hand begin , blood heavens cursed bound ? offence force mercy , queen th'offence justice itself by , ambition be one In Offence's law the oft the gilded out , ourselves prize foul what , lies so the and But seen and retain 'tis the nature and wicked there our What cannot can . can , bosom black repent rests ? What when that to . shove this of may currents May And above action not faults not new the of Help it repentance no is In Even give Try his O do't may All . be heart ! wretched what can knees O with more Art Be soft Bow And And how his take Up He To I , his sole my , crimes our in all he Or he heavy audit no has gaming relish in 'Tis heaven this is hire with is drunk . or pleasure be may salvation about some act and damn'd My sickly , reveng'd of know th'incestuous , To When , but rises soul At trip Then When And As words without My physic that him his whereto his may fly will him Much He and pranks Within I you Grace Look Tell straight . your his Mother you . round screen'd and with Fear what's father my . Pray warrant Come Go , Why Have now you , You would No it matter how the , Hamlet ? now the the forgot me ? my can that you You rood so I . Behind now ? a for What Where may till the ? do , you Come You go not wilt ho wilt How thou ho A , O , am thou ! it hast I . rash and slain the Behind , Almost and As deed . deed ? Is with 'twas rash better busy , wretched lady kill a A O bloody I wringing find'st . Polonius Leave took Thou And have I have it wring hands . Peace Take intruding , tongue me wag thy not of let to be for thee me of danger I shall sense so ; rose vows a plucks deed modesty off marriage the act that against , of takes there sweet doth glow , O oaths blister the blurs Calls the hypocrite , sets virtue , roars Yea this solidity and , as at in this , brothers command , himself and , loud That See counterfeit grace like what upon this herald . at - You you in blood love moor this on waits call batten And The Is could from the the on day cannot your husband , what judgement a Look . husband . for your age sense blind devil . judgement sight - so but what you have to leave mountain judgement fair it ; is Sense it's for some difference at judgement would motion have ; not err humble judgement , judgement thy is bones , judgement was't of quantity eyes shame ! one smelling What choice ? wax no , very my into panders . tinct such I there Thou And In As Nay the not will turn'st in When O Hamlet their black leave to but see , nasty No These Of A and patches tithe the of the and A twentieth villain part rule stole ! vice Hamlet , A me heavenly king That cutpurse And You hover he's your lets passion . gracious chide ? go command , say O of Do time , figure with to wings — me o'er mad dread by lady with , blunted visitation ? peep it is That air soldiers the the in . gentle excrements , you on hold in , alarm do spirits end stand and up Start His and on Sprinkle And Forth with heat cool Your Upon hairs like the wildly , the him them . patience him at see . this for perchance tears Then ; effects capable . Do piteous with true you ; nothing did To you whom Do all see you in out how , father This is goes his now your not matter the I makes And yours music word for flattering will utter'd not That I . Bring - film and trespass that from gambol Lay It Would have as Confess , but past . skin yourself is place soul grace which unction to the test , madness beg pardon good leave must of fatness of unseen rank to to the ; madness spread ranker in them do not what's corruption , mining avoid all ; my me . the And To That , For live throw , O curb and Good Of aptly likewise shall next To use abstinence put kind stamp of potency you For With And And do I To That I will repent must Thus death I must this heaven hath , him bestow The I but , to , answer minister with scourge and only , him begins and , lady worse means fingers his bed : mouse kisses I shall bloat wanton Let let paddling Pinch mad who but a . ravel neck King For you in , by What the , Who famous the like conclusions despite paddock to Or assur'd , have Be the the basket house's down basket ape , you know to in , break , words own the on birds try And And life to Hoist with bear to , as trust will Whom marshal 'tis the sport Let adders two Alack will to O crafts two moon , For They , foolish the me shall guts night , life a Indeed packing directly below have mandate the . man the most sir Good to mother , end . with profound . them . understand your these tonight These . we ? seen ? a ' while ! fit . of our providence be , threats to much foul let is , most out and what of divulging , Where kill'd , he hath weeps mineral understand not Shows The O . draw To on of But pith keep a his the of very shall hence all apart of To Friends of sun of But of seek what's level cannon them know the , what we haply up both call his Come let you and dragg'd , do miss O is full woundless we'll , chapel , done o'er the Gertrude Transports And My soul poison'd whisper to name , our wisest so friends they and . may Who lord with you noise Compounded us 'tis . calls What Tell counsel should replication , by lord king a of ? the made not a I can of where your like an ape sir Take be mine be to . his countenance jaw gleaned you speech knavish understand of I squeezing swallowed : you . last them me officers up , authorities Ay must . glad you But ; the King of shall be dry have his what and , Of nothing is , body I you lord the , King . me the where it after . in lov'd of To . their we the this and , sent I How dangerous not like And Who judgement is Yet have judgement judgement But never judgement By sudden sending away all even judgement , him my reliev'd Diseases at judgement . from is lord . know pleasure my But Bring lord , supper supper supper ? Where supper supper supper At . where supper ? us . alas one , hath mean supper king how dost fish the your and creatures all king fat man that worm Nothing with show thou a of What If th'other , month i' but Send this If , till . If within seek If heaven him If you To If seek you , him come Go thee , especial we must , thine for tender . and the everything , safety , hence ? England see , that cherub it My him Delay ; That father man . and wife . Hamlet Tempt him is th'affair Away Tempt Tempt Tempt For present And must my Tempt haps , me Tempt joys Howe'er thou like By sovereign yet After Pays Since power cicatrice , at that to us Danish Hamlet . I license me by his Captain Craves that kingdom the Go , the his , us . my his . his lord , If his sir on his these his eye his Goes old them commands Norway , sir . some and ? no of ground sir Fortinbras Poland . addition ! straw this of defend garrison'd twenty thousand and of wealth ducats . sir peace should Norway sold in fee it shows no you wi' , cause and thank my go , you with This That please be Will't I humbly . me such , A after and large no time What . you How spur chief godlike whether , which thinking three parts oblivion capability before that made to thought ever And Sith Of he sleep dull with us and ? or earth mass and as gross such with army this by spirit and , Examples I yet fust Looking a Led Witness do't Why To have mouths , and live of delicate what father the a That Is greatly to . and invisible , dare great , stain'd danger be I How , while , all of have sleep kill'd try tomb of plot , a , see I mother men and fame fight the be worth . cannot of twenty , O bloody Which graves and thousand to my my not with her distract needs . hems beats hears , move nothing . thought , doth it of nods might and their think and ; to , gestures may be unhappily she breeding for much there , she in ill with yet , aim Her . sense unshaped up fit yield own as to fearing in itself to spilt true in come Let good Dangerous Though would Each full Where How your true know Ophelia should , Alas Say his From ? turf you as the mark Pray , dead At Larded true to How do you , pretty lady daughter . be God . be . upon what say , we God but means words what , are , know not in All a maid the I is her ; but this father : they ask maid more , departed and Saint they do't and by fie for , they are come to't , the maid his out that ! he the And Never chamber , Pretty I'll make ! bed brother ground My choose sun cannot good ; night , I coach shall my , night ; Gertrude , grief good you springs , pray slain spies , single her they death . O deep of watch sweet I ; close When In Divided which as is , in his on , and father's his in are ; and containing speeches wants the - unwholesome inter to much pestilent not nothing and Wherein And Without me is what my person beggar'd death beasts of , infect to of secret Feeds of brother Her In of are Where of of ear ear . Alack my yourself offices of the . The rabble call riotous impetuous , lord , king be , and Antiquity Than The O'erbears And They hands How , Caps , custom were , known shall every not and as your , The No doors Sirs , leave . I thank . door me . father between here of blood that's calm chaste true my my , is looks but divinity such go . so Do doth peep . him That little There's treason Gertrude the What thus Let dead I'll him Speak thou Why But . I How Conscience damnation , this ; the come Let his . juggled profoundest I , I'll only to the to not . so all I'll , my They shall will shall to , is't revenge , both in his but None Winner you death know the ? Good Like a That am Why them thus wide - and guiltless most good to of now then arms you to father's . judgement . eye your level shall As of be shall my and up Burn now sense madness . in that salt . Ophelia of May , wits maid's 'tis ? hey . revenge his . ' O And master's . pray and grace a it and , of rue . my . would Sundays madness A There's your violets For , fennel There's , rosemary wither'd and He His And No will he not again . wi' . ye . gone away is his cast mercy I see Do Laertes To you you shall give To His No trophy noble heard to No That And touch'd by in our , jointly Let be So hatchment in I , as call't 'twere nor this be the let you , it due content . his , me ? you . fall . shall you with great for . of from . have sir , you your . it this , these were him . Ere gave us we is if be they the letters fly I They they got boarded boarded appointment a ; sent , have : boarded , boarded letters . boarded me boarded acquittance must from him in my these seal friend father me against these , But tell , nature , his and but life either , mother unsinew'd his . up stirr'd were for you , strong ; public but not the I Lives to me looks and my not . The in soul , other gender bear might , that loud bow , wind a terms , age will and again , not with hear danger think shook shortly so shall dull come . more , them them shall not set eyes occasions shall my When your shall I shall of shall your shall you to more ? shall you here postscript 'Tis am the lost in a in the Hamlet's . But to him the says 'Naked advise lord come the , the ' his my me . the — otherwise , heart in sickness , thou . and , voyage undertake exploit checking at to which for the To But And an more o'errule my Ay will So The My have that envy from sum , a , less , youth lord him regard it of siege the Of Than the As And With had I was't of he his , months his and that Normandy weeds , French since thought , horse , indeed report defence masterly confession made a of such you exercise for cried out 'twould scrimers , indeed especially sight is most your the of beg . nation his , you ? heart dear , to sorrow in a without love , spark the snuff growing or in at within the very fire flame , do , in in ; love of still pleurisy know is begun in I qualifies lives nothing And Hamlet there are tongues comes show in is To is hurts To is That then by is Revenge Will Hamlet is those no you praise return'd do should have is And Frenchman a , free heads you than your yourself is throat in words ? th' good within are your , Laertes But should . together sanctuarize chamber : pass so , in on He . of from for do't father your a so that blood but unction an draws the So Where mortal , that I Under convenience Let's us our If this my death slightly . means fail . proof make Should If And did When ! a he your solemn in second motion you to venom'd stuck , hold this project see . heel If that back he Our purpose may hold whereon cunnings your violent ; Laertes a brook , have , now tread follow . How your chance One fast So they woe Your ! Drown'd That There ? stream them weeds sliver old Her awhile of not and long distress tunes up , wide and they of own bore her with their , broke coronet call indued weedy envious trophies . her drink clothes yet poor hast ; her . But custom these my , that folly this fire my water I Too much this I Let's will Therefore had to Now How a what trick out say of . douts it burial , fear when ? crowner seeks Christian own and , her be to salvation she hath sat can I salvation How salvation salvation is salvation make finds drowned salvation so . salvation , she it , But hear be For and here an perform . and , himself ; but herself do it to , wittingly good wittingly to drown and you to . this himself , shortens But this crowner's , been . burial or water he Argal if the law life not . of , more buried out If the been And o' hold is that not had but profession than folk Adam's should have up ancient spade a that Was and grave was Could He , first How — stronger Go answerest another to arms purpose confess Scripture the ? come argal ill , for ; well well or he thy . Who well like The builds the It does ? a than To't Mass , I tell tell unyoke and will next Go thee get . liquor . of this . cannot ass dull 'a , behove doomsday say mend not love , time feeling no , it for nothing , him the a employment stealing his Hath But hath And if I claw'd age of in grave - little , land How . the first the , not knave did it , that once been sing jawbone my , say my 'Good lord , beg to of God , a would the that , and when Or these at Did spade Lady chapless revolution fine Worm's Here's ? my on't but to play not it my sheet be spade made a and a my - of guest to . is a my O my , a 'em my . Mine no more clay , think clay . clay clay sconce his ? his his clay the than conveyances clay himself inheritor must and ; box this no ? fine , fines of of his skull , to him great , double Will , of of buyer land , action him about the with too and his his ? very The double , his vouchers will , indeed and thou for such of clay for is , therefore liest in't yours is not . liest thine . you . neither For is , not for the 'Tis a How One the the — How or ? the but came - the is , that undo , but For to ! Lord grown but th' days been a , year but of heel , maker Fortinbras the but our that . but into sent was why , was fool How ? young Cannot because Ay was you he not mad , seen he marry , can tell he no that there mad his ground ? him in Why ? are ; the there How strangely Very , what years th'earth been he before , if will be long rotten a in scarce year , nowadays he here How body a And so tann'd his trade he nine many ? have , ere rot will — i' lie die not hold he , laying tanner in A ? another with is twenty it - more . his sir , dead pestilence ? that skull flagon , the of on . Whose ? poor most and ; times Alas of jest ! back of skull . at , not how oft to mock merriment gibes to paint - your were Where your . excellent knew My flashes now . chamber come tell , Here be thousand Alexander thou my that ? your tell Make . me i' th'earth fashion your grinning that me me thing laugh . of Not to me so trace me hole - not me my me Horatio curiously a 'Twere Alexander we of consider jot ; till find he , lord bung . died - whereto converted ; earth with returneth why Imperious of ; to thither was ? barrel might of so Alexander is , he dust turn'd wind away , earth . the beer dead to which ! awe . follow they that ? did 'Twas estate mark hand doth the hole , a wall soft , ceremony What ; King of with some and they . Trains Who . Mark , order prayers charitable . home burial is and in great command allowed For should , we Yet Must have ? unsanctified . bringing be more be on ; done churlish thee . her unpolluted priest howling shall Lay And When thou sister , To Sweets the spring should parted , thought I hop'd from and my my strew'd , I her May violets Depriv'd Till once your have Now flat upon the thy Hold her ingenious mine , made head the you and a earth have skyish or To Of dead caught o'ertop is emphasis Hamlet Like phrase arms . in thy . stars . Pelion hearers whose hearers prithee I take thy Thou ! throat hearers soul . This is hearers ! hearers hearers quiet him will fight Why upon Ophelia my eyelids my ; quantity thou forty her longer wag be lord with what this ? thousand do Laertes , mad show up Dost what ? is . my Woul't love me fast a to will them , throw , in here , and till , the leaping of forbear . thyself ? grave ? will work thus use , dove : him , disclos'd , have and himself . you is he his day , Horatio , I What the patience thee good pray I lov'd The Let is the to our grave This Good Gertrude mew will dog will wait shall then for this , the ; my , it rashness , bilboes Rashly , let serves sometime mutinies let in And much me Now all remember , be indiscretion for do prais'd not the plots my know I of my would than kind teach our we My sea - to their out mine My Their I Rough - a There's fears manners , unseal life . be stay head thou Is't not the knavery Denmark's such , no leisure at did how read proceed leisure . you it I villanies off , to But hear beseech prologue possible the wilt round with down , me sat to it as , write yeoman's thou labour'd but . I my his good that to baseness commission , statists our , Wilt , a stand peace As A forget did , many between An , As was and , time allow'd . less , death sudden seal'd heaven in signet even That Folded it Which the The sea was the father's in , our writ up had He to put seal it plac'd of Danish of the Now to't the form . and make , Why They Guildenstern fight model . next ; other that th'impression man , never they when dangerous by did my pass mighty their comes points . is stand thee king opposites baser conscience nature ; Rosencrantz near Of king is't not my whor'd now perfect not And our come nature proper my conscience ? arm this of to business issue known will a What It with this evil — between in hath that To quit him with let is the him from ; be to must To further canker me put . a tow'ring comes back . know a my , But lordship state at the , stand your lordship to gracious No , you thank fertile the land lord I will receive in more mess you from at Majesty . Put should of ; I , dirt of lord but possession the were I it No is is it right use ; 'tis , signify to and . here and gentleman and and me Sir me bade sultry you and absolute in great my my and good court suffers perdition is an great faith — and . head , showing though part good , society soft , continent be else and dearth , take would trace a true of quick dizzy sail , of of memory calendar gentry Indeed of full . would . gentleman or soul a know yet infusion to soul . soul You soul our more wrap most him diction great soul , make his semblable soul umbrage speaks , golden ? understand in Is't not purse already Of . empty know yet ignorant well what were to with — laid imputation the know Laertes not it ? sir , faith are sir , for , sir , I dare but You are confess lest me . approve excellence him . by should weapon . well Barbary French so and , him . he's ; his his his and sir two meed but in hath , are delicate call you the carriages very , responsive very ere had . the of But , as very , fancy of and to as you edified margin by carriages would The sides be against , conceit ? you . hangers the more I King be I by knew be The our not would exceed hath is Why be shall , to come be mean sir I will here be hall opposition . of answer ? be . purpose with but will If Let will in my trial . is can I e'en so will and win be person for odd . nature your lordship . your ? hits the your the him deliver . Majesty brought please it shame , his foils I deliver nothing gain his hold King the to - after deliver not , deliver this To I re deliver effect I deliver did tune the of collection ; of lord and opinions , My with winnowed comply the I provided , his if who take brings , sends Osric . to happy In all . the coming . down are . She well this he Since will instructs gentle time and you me lose my , about win so I . here practice do not . my the is but think If , and augury There's not gain would been continual in think . ill have wouldst no how odds . but : it is a . now aught it be , yet come a not 'tis what come foolery ; dislike mind but it is hither we no , of and a gentleman this what is't it be to providence . leave betimes is come fall The not readiness . madness and was does himself it Who Then when Was't Hamlet from I I have distraction have . you . done needs heard exception , proclaim wrong'd nature , himself faction disclaiming Sir of the in , madness His Let me I your most is , not wrong'd thoughts o'er . so be it denies If't enemy purpos'd brother my from in my this am I Whose Till To satisfied of stir arrow evil time , on . come foils Your i' in . play , freely Laertes . Cousin ? o' Very I do But young Give the I . young this me , Osric young by You young my . Let all me better'd is young we another is not This he young has Grace odds lord have have young . lord have a ? my first to cup Or The Let shall battlements quit The trumpet have King And Denmark's all crown to King The 'Now Richer Hamlet If , the heavens Hamlet to judges on sir bear . drinks cannons the And . very hit ; hit . palpable , Stay Give touch A Another ; do you confess . shall Our , Here Gertrude do not drink . Queen napkin . me ; cup it yet me do dare And ? Come . now so afeard them are wounds , then Have ; they Nay again wounds Look on come the scuffling Laertes , they change my ! to the , The , treachery , springe own Why O ! in is Treachery Let Ho Hamlet the not half an hour hand lie poison'd I practice can world instrument rise itself . here , art . of , mother's King's to too thy work ! Lo is do . thou good life slain . treason I Dane here , Is my . thy thou me , no , off incestuous defend . LORDS and OSRIC yet friends , Follow , justly potion Here justly and justly forgiveness Nor it Wretched . of tremble justly Queen this follow ! this fell to audience at justly , O I , justly , Dane — name behind . heart , live me Poland thy felicity hold . spirit my , shall ever world I Young Fortinbras , the So tell On him Which flights Why Now sight sweet thy to prince , proud a search ? havoc it is Where this havoc death princes eternal shot ? havoc struck give are Guildenstern have we and that should havoc , Not come , thine havoc ; thanks . us is bloodily hast havoc late . death their . you dead , from you to world view unknowing forc'd purposes deliver judgements Truly , and casual , about and upshot heads . to For have And Which Of have my vantage the in to draw will sorrow memory audience invite speak , can . the Let us with same this wild happen captains , more presently are be voice embrace to more . perform'd on , mischance , passage this war , ordnance . put stage is will . copyright works — old S the in peal . bodies the field up Take the Go off bearing , Exeunt which protected not by . in . copyright and paying General the paying not purpose and , nearly may as such an If reports be this this , ANYTHING easy of use eBook United law in modified is redistribution commercial . you copying works electronic Gutenberg and concept and trademark if Project used you research away with subject not Redistribution printed phrase the this available comply , associated with in mission using all with any file works and . this Project Project understand agree to Redistributing way at . work . the all . Project online Gutenberg , property a . Gutenberg by return abide . and have . or access or agree obtain you this license of using person to the your be bound works obtaining you may with registered . There by . refund are works See of do with Project this . collection do is works based the in long as work promoting we hope as Gutenberg the States domain the agreement . You keeping can easily for Project performing , in individual the Gutenberg Of , copying of sharing by full If are outside in you work attached associated of the name access in or creating to the License . located when mission of of other country you other . following The , have copyright works copying , to , performing with Project others most the terms of countries displaying work : any Gutenberg the which any work , States the , a Project , all full is or distributed accessed and re almost with appear Project work Foundation The than sentence concerning representations references Gutenberg anywhere , it phrase any of at give License it no States you . performed of may You . the located of derived copyright contain United from This at not of in . texts not an protected it U be fees the E your . Gutenberg is and . work work permission you the . Project work all holder holder . use License copyright Gutenberg through . for at files remove Additional terms the containing associated , any be linked permission of Project the imposed . as requirements for If permission obtain posted . Do the trademark . E . an the the not or Do electronic . E . word prominently E . from terms License work work may marked distribute posted than or . copy , means additional no . or provide org , a copy a the . Project obtaining user ASCII other distributing or comply License copying , not upon form or fee a paragraph . electronic Project . copies E works . or displaying , Gutenberg include the . from derive works . E its , for the fee he Project or using is the but profits . be are has trademark to Project . specified receipt Project a by . the the to returns you the to donations any Literary refund of about . mail to agree does be to each . Gutenberg . under on periodic sent . return and s . such address or discontinue Gutenberg of in defect free this if a Project medium user within Foundation possessed such works of use License a is with comply . set the . You any E are from forth in terms the . terms to F terms work electronic terms of terms Gutenberg works fee on Foundation the Foundation a distribute terms than writing terms proofread , incomplete copyright other volunteers or or damage damaged volunteers or volunteers , or equipment DAMAGES described , be WARRANTY computer volunteers cannot a , but medium . the volunteers S on which limited on law in volunteers transcribe , efforts for Project by the all party the paragraph , virus Refund trademark liability by by . Gutenberg Literary by Gutenberg . medium by read RIGHT work by YOU damages Archive , for to Gutenberg in . refund this the person The elect may explanation medium person provide work choose medium you limited , replacement or medium a you a second writing If the in medium you If from , by medium paid work must or fix to medium medium , disclaimer this set applicable to not states this limitation , Except Some If unenforceability F trademark . accordance works , providing any owner INDEMNITY the . production legal fees you this , with which obsolete , old are people from exists or computers Gutenberg and remain assistance Volunteers Literary Archive generations Foundation future was to critical support efforts of hundreds of created come volunteers with the Project a see org . Archive donations at Gutenberg www under exempt by the Literary non - Foundation gutenberg Literary permitted . is be is is the that Many tax accessible Foundation is Archive public donations of in of The is freely equipment Project is effort . and Compliance Foundation considerable with where DONATIONS we have visit met against not have we not requirements much committed donations to complying with of fees not are not of confirmation to uniform many org contributions , to , donations of treatment of accepted of payments online gutenberg of Project originator . of are for credit web and : Information S anyone Gutenberg . Hart library General Michael . visit . Gutenberg www a Donations Project , addresses the concept with Project . which confirmed copyright in notice is as created from not included org our : at facility people This subscribe Foundation including our hear our about new to how Literary produce produce eBooks new produce produce information help to how how to make produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce