answer me live ? Barnardo . Nay Stand 'Tis Stand Who's yourself Stand . cold thanks am . heart Stand sick to your thee you Stand had at bitter Stand now Not meet them bid Horatio Francisco hour upon carefully Get ? and make stirring quiet mouse watch ! to to the this , liegemen good . is Who . who Give you night Dane hath , soldier what there . piece you tonight our belief , thing have I to dreaded With this will I Welcome , have let sight 'tis eyes and to , again tush approve may That Touching Sit What That When yond from , the of heaven myself . again of . that's . dead King . thou What of and time Denmark speak form usurp'st fair is It ? In art which By majesty , Horatio this buried Together that warlike offended ! See it , not Horatio , now How Stay Did sometimes march away . pale . answer ? thee on't than this and I , God not ! charge believe might eyes . he thyself Without my think tremble you own mine ? had armour very Before As the 'Tis he With particular hath gone our at to and bodes in what martial jump . to art thou When frown'd tell strict same this Why sit , and and , he nightly strange gross This Good and of daily the know opinion state I not ; watch , watch that labourer the : task , land last , At Does make , least , as Thereto And What And mart shipwrights ; of emulate our now so . Our week return'd conqueror Hamlet , design'd Fortinbras lands him moiety which had competent heraldry , compact valiant a , King as , to hot the Fortinbras , the of vanquisher been he Had His forfeit he And to unimproved Shark'd hath the Of in Hath skirts of a For But his by Is source this father motive recover main our watch this , of well stomach up lawless of . As That In most mote A sick in with squeak is high little A Did influence sun whose harbingers As Disasters As of ; in almost gibber and the dews Roman fell dead ; blood star sheeted stands and heaven doomsday of and fire trains the precurse still Julius and the tenantless streets comes , illusion ! thy me and country's be to me to to Speak any do ease where Stay voice , again me blast thee That there be good avoid O thou say of Stay , oft life , speak in , may . in womb you it Speak , which For they Do uphoarded hast and ! walk speak Marcellus at it , it will Shall do To our is offer 'Tis ! air the malicious mockery cock the a started it it the to about vain blows when is lofty his The And it summons day and or of the hies herein ; confine present the ever The of birth is dare charm , comes cock probation his To Awake Doth with god of erring of 'gainst Saviour's nights fairy crowing abroad stir that say are , The Wherein No , witch and heard the we my in hath dawning nor hallow'd , no believe . strike . it . clad mantle part , hill eastward the gracious do in have seen to and , what our Walks So look o'er Break But the yon upon life tonight advice dew I Let , This spirit you watch up and him with him . know duty it Attendant , pray to Hamlet young our I in acquaint shall we needful , find Laertes Voltemand . and Lords our , marriage , queen state and have all For our which ; wife to affair in With With Taken , have know that . wisdoms , dream to , surrender with not Or Your our by Importing father this His gait Norway of of the for this much of lands with us our weak thinking for Now Lost Colleagued Our most , here all the that , hears made Norway , power the proportions and and greeting no your haste dilated King we more and , VOLTEMAND suppress writ , scarcely here have we : duty your commend we . allow you subject and of good articles heartily . old . nothing of and let further personal the these Of , And speak What is not voice wouldst , thou thy mouth ? father to to offer the , asking , have of my . thou ? the Denmark , you farewell , news to the the though whence Yet To Your lose You cannot more instrumental throne hand The That shall be , is wouldst lord my now thoughts What leave gracious wrung , father's And my wishes and leave From them , He you Have And . Aside A How , do But petition lord my hath thy him and hang still more Hamlet , be leave it I cast lord graces , on son , you that thy spend ever thy thine Do let Good eye look too and my kin less cousin , on dust off vailed thy a nighted colour lids . than . is lives friend to eternity the in with not Hamlet Not , for common , must . not , mother , common it be cloak of of forc'd black know ; in , seems thee with particular , Nay 'Tis , but 'Tis Nor That , customary Nor No nor the Together But I have denote can are actions man might of ; suits the in your his persevere course grief , is to thing heaven , common , sense impatient unmanly and 'tis absurd and who , a that you throw today common opposition to mind must understanding will most incorrect , nature heaven , hath let immediate for , We he , fault dead , first be are You As must death To reason fathers pray and of take son remain eye you desire , intent you : his . father dearest impart that And the no toward and with stay thee I you It you Here chiefest thy cheer And we in courtier you all loving and prayers her ; of in you grace today Hamlet fair my 'tis ourself as Why shall in best you a gentle , my that to the earthly King's to and cannon great jocund in I us No health Re unforc'd ; whereof drinks clouds heaven solid flesh itself had into Everlasting on't Fie That . fie the uses rank should things ! this God . of nay merely Seem His the rouse too speaking Visit Hyperion grows to — Must Possess With God have ! beast , married my tears . on't if increase , she which month fed not Niobe to a satyr I he might not beteem would hang of Heaven appetite yet name she mine with poor shoes is and . Why she — had father's she Frailty within month — a my — it what or followed of most O Hercules but — discourse O — break But She left A all , married wicked — come nor dexterity speed must I no wants that ; brother — Than Ere I to the the for such , flushing heart to I for for good tongue hold for your well myself ! for for But very to see My in , glad Marcellus with my poor name from change make good Wittenberg that lord you , disposition truant , faith hear lord that , good enemy your truster shall Nor what you it from . make you Good even We'll make not yourself My Would Or Thrift my I father Where , methinks . my lord mind's my had , Horatio tables in foe that my see — marriage . all , think , I , father , his a . he him yesternight . your my Season With till My lord , witness marvel Two the Marcellus encounter'd exactly , and cap figure - with by , march he , pie your like , waste . at truncheon's and Almost Stand not the - length secrecy third the as they In oppress'd them A point and By their ; them and with speak and to jelly before Armed Goes Appears impart they kept did him and ? we the My upon lord , not lord not . dreadful with I apparition Where And The had , But But even up answer lifted to the vanish'd shrunk as , sight and where watch . our of down in , And To live , writ 'tis haste speak , know honour'd you MARCELLUS We you sirs but , it . duty true the it this tonight lord ? you Both Indeed , Arm'd my lord say , toe beaver ? face his head to foot not frowningly ? his wore up ? in ? red or , he ? constantly . constantly constantly moderate longer . haste constantly tell a it . constantly long Not constantly was silver'd constantly it was constantly Very His I BARNARDO when Longer , 'twill Perchance I , again . will I It have ? gape , this noble my have And an it you . silence but , you , hap though it , should . hell I Our And If you loves then all the still , play my eleven your to duty platform 'twixt visit I'll arms in the is them ! All not deeds to were . well embark'd earth Though And Till , convoy But you sleep Farewell . the assistant let give not in primy , the in and from as , sister Do And No , and fashion it Hamlet the doubt a youth toy his ? are violet The thews ; but as of not it grow waxes , he crescent but more No , perfume In Grows The greatness And virtue The inward no so . mind loves you , fear besmirch and cautel now more does Think His Than Then the May It the head your he Whereof He may not , as unvalu'd ; body he believe place ; desire my treasure songs sustain loves it further , you may Denmark your you unmaster'd of you keep To honour open dear . the strokes . sister affection danger calumnious disclos'd youth , of rear , in the it Fear his galls and And If unmask the of . spring treads puff'd his own way good good most and blastments , rebels lesson else my ungracious steep th'effect of as my Do Be to Youth I Whilst the As a thorny some reckless . double grace leave , father comes shame . you for memory a double blessing your second for Look friends them Of Of But thou hast thy thy with palm comrade of of hoops by but new man thine th'opposed , unfledg'd . thee but rich the in . may judgement . gaudy buy : in may man : may . thy can quarrel a - entrance Costly may But Neither most of proclaims own may both nor borrower all must canst Thou And This above may a For it And follow Farewell Are : humbly The in 'Tis invites time Farewell said do said Farewell yourself What , to said I my memory have ; said very shall said said the keep he said Ophelia Lord hath bethought touching the : hath , way my caution understand daughter ? been audience private 'Tis Given of told to as — tell me must put free . the and me many green should circumstance speak affection , as , you ; what such tenders not , are Which I Or , it , thus call it ; hath importun'd honourable you'll to of . lord you'll , you'll , know my go . you'll soul daughter you'll , you'll making both time you'll , heaven , speech , promise , is your fire , he may In to scanter entreatments much given be , dye his of that But , not mere implorators for . that at something must Be Set Than so command parley him vows larger tether they are Ophelia walk he Lord Hamlet brokers , suits ; forth . lord . you ; come your ways . my . air an hour I lacks . walk to wont his ? the does It lord Rhenish takes tonight trumpet and , drains drum his , swaggering ; rouse draws season bray of and wake The manner - They Soil clepe us achievements The attribute height : west it , headed and and our nature of marrow takes nations . observance other the , though phrase custom though swinish men are though perform'd in , though though As That our pith ; though choose mole it some Since By form though Oft The Carrying though breaking else His by the ; stamp Fortune's as take of , my his general The fault may ! goblin , blasts or health defend , questionable charitable shape a in com'st airs of wicked . O call , damn'd me tell in why thy with thee thy will I thou a , Have thou cast King Angels That me Bring Why To That Say op'd corse the reaches our again again thee , bones we his the horridly Revisit'st , dead up their thee thus hideous beyond thoughts With , is Making It this ? away , desire removed it no not do But will I action with , should what , my not follow itself a again . a ? fear it at be Why ; will Do then the life my thing I'll . lord it reason sea ? fee as It soul toward Or What It , The it o'er assume your madness toys sea desperation motive it shall my of , of , brain Think ? still . not in lion's shall . your thee . your go . your your . out fate ; each hardy As your of I'll him , me follow me . your . thus with will issue what . your He desperate ghost a I'll away say as Unhand make ! To fit waxes — not 'tis follow after . it further go I'll ? Speak me lead , come and is Mark almost . up . no . will . when thy ghost hearing ! serious . I bound ? What the Doom'd And Till could secrets . crimes of my prison done to to confin'd , to I for So Thy And Like To ears thy two up the hair Are burnt Would hair I tale ; unfold a thy and combined stars start soul hair like each knotted upon and But eyes If hair of hair this hair foul and O most to Haste But me know't , foul Murder I shouldst in this , itself me out not 'Tis Is stung forged but abus'd serpent The my Now Rankly A Wouldst That given ; ease Now in the power his off whose what ! most lust , gifts , Mine crown thy life , beast that with gifts to virtuous that with and gifts as a a , sate court it it of link'd be shape heaven decline the , garbage my morning . of angel radiant a the within the hour always . prey itself virtue whose in , From Hamlet , went to a Though of those So a Upon juice in And But soft My The the porches of my stole bed orchard I methinks ! let With Holds That The And a And The of such swift curd was of even , imperfections most my ; hand bark'd about of a once dispatch'd : be horrible head my my at queen sent the . of and pursu'st nor damned Denmark bear horrible on ! thee ; bed O The O all ; of heaven , to worm thorns shows pale adieu ; uneffectual ! sinews thou me ; stiffly , up globe this couple you ; But , table Remember ? to at well thee I ; host hell , instant What . else my ? a memory my of . grow ! thee , live brain my copied , Remember alone all the fond forms while trivial all volume shall Yes all there records past heaven baser book and All Unmix'd one may That saws with there am . thy I'll wipe , commandment O villain , 'Adieu is It have you sworn't MARCELLUS , my Denmark Within My I are , my ; ' me . it . ho be ho ho , ho ! him lord , Illo , Hillo , it my is't . my my Not my No my Good . my my — heaven ? from are at circumstance lord the , right this , all i' us my dwelling lord once man secret be . in knave . fit business desire shall point my desire part . words go for I'll we it , tell without that more hands you and hath and business . good , between this there my , us you offend As , as desire . is't known , an , What O'ermaster't is , offence Saint ghost what scholars know , is that Touching . to And now , one friends request my lord We and MARCELLUS we you , tonight not In We so this Consent . truepenny . there cellarage . this Swear to hear on Come Ha ? swear . the Propose you , said work sword . upon you . Canst . mole night give stranger a , more th'earth i' Swear Once is strange . welcome But Horatio you help odd , There pioner day are And are before hereafter 'There out — need this not if and me or of some . of at . aught Or you So mercy ambiguous know' by , or strange As at I such put , list know such ; giving , and phrase you help spirit commend you gentlemen in is , to we if Swear me Hamlet do most Swear . your And The That God With , Rest time ever him willing still let's to . joint of come go . behaviour wisely my , Reynaldo they you Paris where and . it . are , keep and , Danskers what , company this do my what and some father you it him mark friends , said what means son demands his do lord say rank ; well Reynaldo question nearer his come will well he but 'I you Take As in thus Ay my , 'not , he's heed and wanton him so ' ; dishonour , are such ; very so and swearing , liberty noted there and ' may That's , my must My . would him charge . lord assault . blood to scandal in the his on but open another season may you not is put as may and savageness in should good you my good good good assur'd prenominate crimes sound , is , know ? good lord Marry And , 'Good good to and man ; phrase ' , good laying I party you or According sir Your The Mark you did ? or ' country lord you with closes He , He say Or then was , him and or 'I : say yesterday with he , house or perchance rouse as say and , you , See ; say say say , truth of say in's o'ertook know such sale' reach , you out lecture have and — now of bias of not and wisdom . God . son my you Shall b' wi' his . matter , lord shall let , my his ply . God the lord now My Lord No hat With Alas How I , To As And , with what as , lord his head down and - gyved out of each foul'd ankle his , other hell me fear . lets all up thus to with And way his shoulder turn'd go , his , their me , eyes bulk over . seek ecstasy the As over That does oft over And over Come violent very over go their will to ; good you over but his hath Whose as natures sorry , of heaven itself , denied him given is I . wreck to hide it cast it This To Welcome than being him sorry to seems is , and you use ; nor Since that hasty need we have much to . Our The Moreover , dear we did Rosencrantz Something so thus himself you both , thus humour , him our your and afflicts our lies to much Whether Good So draw Some That More you little to here brought of , awhile , hope will will you not it are please living remembrance our thanks shall show he whom To As For the and a king's have bent with pleasures more majesties receive of gentry . adheres so your Your fits you command full feet . in To up ourselves be freely give here And I much too And To lay our service , Thanks Rosencrantz We both commanded at . Guildenstern gentle Thanks bring And , you . these My Th'ambassadors make our and to amen from Norway , joyfully been and the lord . return'd good my . news of father you , hold gracious brain of found sure policy of that do , hear King my else us'd them source no is doubt father's Well we and , shall and death , what from His a levies first our To It sickness your look'd better That so , Highness 'gainst to sent into in hand ; and truly whereat , age Norway vow Makes Receives against and , against his from ; Gives of th'assay old give him ; his an might of for enterprise allowance , well likes therein With entreaty you are It As such it So And we your thank , at for our , to Go rest . took . us Most at My day , limbs Your define true mad son and wit , madness but But day and duty . art at art . pity . remains effect defect this of true 'tis That Mad he Or let But we in a remains rather Thus I , I Madam pity farewell us grant . A 'tis is mad true use no have figure foolish And now , Ophelia the , is have hear shall you a my have this and ill an Hath That's have To have Came celestial the the are will have faithful , have doth I ; sun thou Doubt never at thee best , love . have numbers lady This , Thine that am in . dear Good madam truth the dear most , evermore Ophelia But But you me of love . honourable . ear mine All by his means by his do she might wing , book to : thy bespeak precepts of I love No mistress think you is ? ' messengers should , on think , did winking , dumb , work mute , tell you that and might you table I herself — a then a Thence Or look'd might Hamlet done Which must That This And not And short fain . wail , know that , ' I know . this this think for . we all a time likely 'tis together he we centre ? find hid otherwise were further Within circumstances truth At Mark And such the from no and be I'll If you me We keep a farm for fall'n state . you poor be I him both away , a thereon her try assistant his not Let Do Excellent you Then well . were lord , dog , a ? being lord my dead a — carrion have daughter blessing to't not but in you at me How gone this . is who ? words . I him , Words matter words speak . truly I'll . the most , you yourself , that hams ; their tree ; with believe , I old as I there yet the to , plentiful I have though , lord , grave Though out that be my if it thus set method in't you is . hits . my leave which reason . part . willingly . him daughter of lord except life and I between Aside often meeting humbly that , will more take except well most lord ! lord dear dost honoured Polonius You go My excellent the in that cap . Rosencrantz Happy the On Fortune's good friends As Then the O the news most or in ? is we , lord her of Neither None Then . goodly Fortune is particular good to one confines my one , is for it so you to none 'tis then , Why ambition makes for prison . and not th' . worst , either narrow a . bad too count dreams king or good the it . and , th' quality outstretch'd that of is . have for a shadow a but ; A is are ambition a monarchs shadow and light . is so dream , Truly are . shadows Shall rest . you upon wait man honest friendship , thanks ? Come your in to enough colour . know of confession . justly with me own To even are poor , should lord for , Come . speak nay sent modesties ? sent proposer could me , you ? me . an of no more dear , whether you say with youth what direct Guildenstern My , will Nay wherefore but tell you I and ; exercises late of this the and , it earth to why ; not , seems with so air the so secrecy know frame most . What , in , goes , form of paragon in in goes of dust like goes firmament and . animals goes Man your delights Queen my forgone . goes mirth heavily a in god say to ; in thoughts so goes . woman nor stuff no was there , though the quintessence And , an And ? And shall receive are , And , plays the king be you I And said what way ; lover target And his offer you then you knight not sigh And shall those , gratis lady of He hither that players ; shall the the the me clown you . city players freely laugh to were make Even wont it How chances , and profit better residence — reputation tragedians blank part the the the the not they they are grow ways innovation and . did both the did did by was did they the . These are on did followed ? was I did when did ; pace cry call dare they that , eyases in clapped stages no themselves to common 'em than against There on throwing and both their ? and a on to . brains of about on . on controversy poet Is't went the sides on . and . little on , twenty of picture , on out . lived King in if . you 'Sblood , forty . you . with come The must deceived mother which Let southerly . I , ear hearer clouts wind the a . and , at his for . players have the a I of a indeed actor in Rome Buzz tell : sir comes for , lord , right I are Roscius you news actors to actor for individable light for the men , comedy historical poem history what , the treasure only hadst thou , or are These no well daughter , th' Still loved not O Jephthah 'One Aside me call a my and fair . he I Jephthah , like it ? follows that well lord . not my , then look to is my voice , What ? face . old my welcome , me last mistress are you and The It first uncurrent We'll are of . all me speak thee , heard once have We'll gold altitude thou Com'st the By'r by quality . a speech , speech , What a . like cracked within speech . passionate , once was play as down of acted a taste , top with method , thereabout of it your speech One . fine an it called at were line Aeneas' 'Twas were were were the affectation much but were begin . very in said no phrase , were in see it indite as it wholesome as honest to Dido live — it , it sons , streets damned wrath gore , and horridly complexion , it , arms it with begins it : couched dismal gules mothers with impasted fathers he heraldry That lend like it proceed , good accent . hellish coagulate in Roasted o'ersized a , parching him , lies it falls . where match'd antique strikes good discretion fire , and finds His , sword , fell flaming Ilium hideous , his top , sword wide , with , seem'd declining painted , base his and falls this Seeming Stoops Takes Pyrrhus' i' to . head Pyrrhus tyrant neutral a nothing to , sword lo For ear as nothing Which was nothing speechless winds nothing On remorse than forg'd him rack matter nothing , work - the and on fellies , falls Fortune nothing strumpet down her power ; gods pause orb nothing the below Pyrrhus' the , did vengeance the armour Now thou all with . or . too on Hecuba say he . fiends barber's ; of a to He's Where Run rheum A down , diadem lank A 'Mobled o'erteemed tongue treason did with th'alarm stood and fear blanket had seen all is that a . robe of themselves that not eyes all , made her — at clamour Pyrrhus , state Fortune's In The where I'll well the ? and brief bestowed speak , and see malicious her in passion milch have Unless Would ; After My you for you the see will , well . death they have you have your your . We'll hear me friend old Ay ? lord . Murder play play you The a is after ? whipping the dozen sixteen ha't tomorrow night lines We'll or well lord I'll Elsinore My Guildenstern . good you not some to lord ye . a so To . Ay Follow lord , wi' that in soul his her his to With That weep the guilty , general and indeed free speech , Yet , rascal ears amaze the horrid with her the cue to he Hecuba conceit and distraction his ? for function suiting peak lie it pate dear Am my in i' face ? throat be and does ? it : me cannot across . and me bitter - pigeon have offal . am I 'Swounds the beard whose Plucks off my and most , lungs should gives oppression slave's treacherous Oh am ! Bloody all the , gives gives , the ass son an gives gives Why this , gives should fatted gives dear ! revenge my heaven by of I unpack , my creatures the guilty scullion Fie so to sitting upon't and , words , villain bawdy kindless brave , speak will malefactions scene presently these my I'll that have though With by the their murder players , the at my whore like fall , it organ the no proclaim'd For May course him Before most , They tent I'll murder Play know be the pleasing me he Out my relative I'll More Abuses As me by of this catch you why he puts me drift me me me , me keeps madness to no aloof speak of circumstance , means of distracted him state ? well of with Most receive you . his forcing much Niggard of But crafty him with would Of his some he Did any pastime players ? we kind are They way out these . order , about that in him a they entreat matter and And And , 'Tis me gentlemen drive , And us too my shall he myself Ophelia , may lawful for ourselves and Affront , accident Hamlet unseen judge , here leave sent closely hither espials , by encounter is for the : shall Will That your wildness so both him beauties , shall thus be I Of for your part to wish — To here you Ophelia . may colour you book , this this , virtues , visage devotion's blame . I ourselves We will cheek . my . lord my . that plastering give with my ! most Let's withdraw the heavy O not to , that mind to fortune be a of is the to deed lash that , or slings take end by ache - flesh the sleep troubles outrageous die — we natural sea ? a and To ay , to the sleep may thousand of the dreams coil mortal There's pause . wish'd to be to sleep oppressor's For who Must wrong bear insolence dispriz'd The When we give whips long , off proud fardels , off contumely man's , his a sweat bodkin Who weary off these under something merit office , the the off after will puzzles of would might of love and and unworthy quietus off ? and make bear those from off , thus others returns undiscover'd traveller makes fly And the of , thought of awry , have hue pale the rather the o'er name your How Be fair native currents of Ophelia all well ; Good honour of conscience with enterprises sicklied regard Nymph lord for my well of . receive aught long to remembrances know , I you not does humbly thank honour'd made pray have I , sweet right well breath , mind ? prove . lord your honesty you My . with honesty from beauty gives than the time . our . so virtue for ; relish was deceived loved cannot more a sinners , such accuse of I love now but believe inoculate you . breeder of very have to to and thy proud us crawling . the . lord , be Let O help him , marry doors as , in's I'll as : go ; farewell , enough O and . well know Or you sweet Farewell for ! heavens . him he may . monsters you make of Farewell him marry thou , wilt quickly , another You jig and make married To a , you restore thou . given hath your , enough your o'erthrown ! nunnery you , are they here , vows and sovereign of , down sword what Nor what Was Love That Blasted That ? His seen O'er hatch determination speed expel puts What do , him think But . beating himself matter brains of It his something the demand : For I Haply Thus set From shall neglected tell origin do objects all My us love and . Lord yet fashion from need To show his him wisdom so be ones not . him him in round must Your best or find think be with you confine , him , the , unwatch'd go where not Madness pray it , Nor use say smoothness a tear whirlwind O split to thus crier you had acquire very the passion , fellow offends groundlings , players saw in - are such - very . most temperance , as , warrant pated give mouth , as a to beget noise too neither ; whipped . discretion honour at , anything your this up , action nature end and , the her and form feature , purpose o'erstep Pray fellow a , the the of judicious grieve though the word the the of to scorn image , overdone make the nature special . the age tutor own let your the be both with mirror to very the , laugh pressure own the Now , man nor it thought the play , Nature's and the well laugh than themselves too the O reform have had have the the journeymen having praise . O , that of be — us , play so men strutted , and , nor that made . humanity made of question of barren that quantity for set . the , more be , to it . Go ambition . laugh ? you ready haste . them , that make two presently players to lord ? service just your at as Horatio ho , sweet , dear my think do Nay I , may I . thee , withal ; poor be cop'd my conversation not thee clothe That No Where Since my thrift and And dear could thee soul may And , no feed crook follow tongue candied fawning of her her thou rewards are , finger him . circumstance King death mingled those man Fortune's Give and in she . too much me , heart I will wear the Something , my heart's core . of thee , very thou told it tonight near , One There my father's before of that of thy a act occulted seen , heedful note that If . ghost are him rivet . eyes , will censure whilst steal to , It Observe mine unkennel imaginations For Vulcan's we Well detecting aught 'scape coming Get . march Enter fares A are And the , must . cousin you this crammed of the promise - faith with now th'university To i' , How feed chameleon's , you What I mine answer our Hamlet nothing ; cannot lord was you . Polonius . my , nor , my hither , good mother Hamlet . players of a was , To here's I here's Ay here's upon lap that ? do metal here's attractive here's ? here's . nothing . I lie lord Nothing , are think you Do you your only ! mother my , looks What 'tis - sables wear , his then devil two , Who ? be merry man my . twice the two ago , should life not for hours let ! he - forgot is else , a do and I'll yet a ; or ; poison him unto is horse , Nay long the O . there's by'r with lady great of on of . declines of makes King of Enter . off exits seeming of with Poisoner the She The . of means miching imports show this this Belike this , Marry Queen What this means cannot . mallecho the us Will is We shall players what show tell naught tragedy , counsel meant you not . for stooping us that , not show You this or hearing prologue a are any beg your our patiently . round love my clemency ring ? 'Tis brief Here Is Since our us again you are sun our hands , moon sacred , ground sheen , quantity nothing former sick did , moons thirties . be and bands the ere so , and me from is or proof siz'd great is , to shortly do behind as : grows are so hath my , fair thou rest accurst my — who second but husband me this functions great littlest the great must belov'd husband in , needs be shalt breast . the kill'd second wed The of time second believe you kill my me , tree , be the sticks ourselves 'tis necessary unripe , do violent we but think unshaken when the we that , poor purpose or joy either of enactures violence ourselves what fruit like fall the determine is do But I To joys Grief Where even man poor And in seasons end his hollow on lack world joy Whether The down lead great who Our are thoughts think But thou thoughts die Nor Sport earth to give thy second ends are doth friend , run of wed own dead . scope be the well hence , my heaven , destroy strife ! lasting . light . she pursue widow If . Sweet ever me it wife be I , The prison in lock blanks of have Ophelia and face joy me fain with sworn tedious grow should break leave and , us mischance ? play her O , but . methinks i' th' world offence offence in't like too , no there she'll lady the a : that not . the a good to nephew ; knavish Gonzago , Vienna and Mousetrap The , majesty done call do Marry shall see . in a that murder ; 'tis wince are is gall'd we have free piece of us touches are between I You groaning are , my interpret You dallying . if keen are to a and edge . the puppets . blasted collected agreeing bellow , creature property infected Pox revenge ; for leave . drugs damnable Gonzago shall drugs anon how , raven midnight else , thrice drugs choice Italian His . see rises drugs King Gonzago's . name's . love the very drugs rank season Confederate Thou drugs With Hecate's magic life estate . Give The with The ? for's th'garden is my frighted lord , some go play away sleep , weep of the rest deer . All , strucken a get shoes fortunes For some the ungalled while Provincial feathers , forest in Would this let , with fellowship one know me a realm dismantled players sir on roses of . here reigns , razed my . now ghost's You Half Of A , well of . for ? thousand Didst a note him well , Come , me whole history . perdie the . you . him with choler drink show , Ay , in his , distempered , plunge . some pronounce , affair wildly my his richer purgation choler tame most welcome . the mother's your the be shall end my cannot business and my ? I , return . of it If answer sir , My rather hath her and amazement struck mother . the you but your behaviour to : can at that , thus , wholesome My matter wit's my . stonish with ten us this says admiration a mother admiration But , say , my , closet mother's . and . of I your my And what , were her mother ? did with our me once , cause you deny have I you , succession in grows the while but that , sir the Ay How Good still is be upon , your lord liberty own , not I lord well if recover recorders do to . the understand I My , lord me of . with lord your discourse will . I , beseech your , ventages these Look you utterance : of you make harmony I the lowest , me to pluck out little I , though am this top You note do you voice what instrument ! of have me will . presently shape a camel weasel a speak By you speak the Queen lord , It is backed speak Or speak whale whale . like speak and by mother speak come by and fool Methinks mass , speak come a and now the 'Tis a will By a to Very a I When Contagion a a My The heart Would in this this thy cruel be seals To quake me and somever . on not lose , Nero soul daggers enter not , she my estate us our as with may shall forthwith it prepare , safe , you dispatch stands nor . endure doth range , will lunacies Therefore to Out We keep feed peculiar is That and It the huge of thousand falls , is it , wheel , the your bodies . draw much cease gulf of and more majesty , his We will fetters King you Did Arm To that some said 'Tis And as . warrant partial makes more audience you mother it tax myself convey was a than , I'll going she'll said my Fare primal rank eldest ! Pray can I you Fare you hear the Behind Fare O Fare And My I Fare in neglect there And Fare Is wash hath , Fare it not like , Were than white come What both in be is past down But ; fault Or My My , seen hand currents shove of retain the of up , murder prayer ; lies compell'd faults repent ? own be , But those May But In to But Try There O Art Bow But To But Buys no is But Yet what in evidence . What then of we forehead . cannot , steel , scann'd goes pat And . father do hire my took his sole kills am , father . A so I'll I villain I O do't it And And To all heavy in . crimes circumstance his or season'd am of horrid soul then I purging a his his ? reveng'd , bread May ; heaven kick prolongs it stays and The him the pleasure ; mother . go : hent black damn'd . goes may of swearing no , thoughts to . My , in't as thy advances below at without As whereto but my . never to stood e'en him silence Mother Within Fear with round be you that Pray . have . been I'll And him your you lay broad . and me , me matter thy thou have hast , warrant , come you Come Hamlet , Go mother , Mother what's the . father my Why , are the how Have by Queen were so brother's you to those Nay , would No then , now ? me your the What's the forgot What , What help . budge ! help , ho a A ? the ! this slain and marry as bad it Is deed what , As kill Almost deed what rash . brother my mother King know . Thou Leave And damned wring Polonius . Thou , king rash rash thy lady a king his good rash , for dar'st braz'd of have and bulwark wag thy . so rash tongue ? against thou that rash , took of If That I rash custom too wretched better is I danger some . your be rash your busy so stuff rash modesty the off of takes of . such plucks Heaven's the a the From That As A With tristful solidity . at act doth makes mass act , the , doom religion face the and and , compound and The Look so loud That Hyperion's like lighted god world New his your . Look you Have mountain fair is your this ? moor this cannot You And This batten on on wholesome Ha ; tame , have age your have , form - the a and seem you a eyes ? and : for ! Sense motion , to apoplex'd not this the this have to husband Could hey Would Else serve That Nor could step And The Is ecstacy would thrall'd was't blind ? choice you ? sight sans matron's bones . you fire , as no gives as her And you reason youth so but hath in But you If not Could turn'st you you As Thou And O I not such more leave , sty nasty in enter ; A murderer No your Of A that These That put And empire A twentieth a and ! in . pocket stole — figure and not Do important in come you , Is whet blunted thy O passion to your wings ? go ? say but in mother soul . by , mad he's , Alas time acting laps'd of look , it But her weakest her on Hamlet you , step Conceit And air is't her bodies and between O your strongest works . to How Alas your the at And Your , spirits do on alarm , peep the distemper , your in . stand hairs eyes in O do cool on Lest Then what I , your , he pale look upon stones glares for have your your you to convert ? is see nothing I speak all Nothing Why , he , you look father My This Is ecstasy of the is Ecstasy . coinage your very pulse matter utter'd healthful very . that word love trespass , to test soul . madness the , and skin Mother It is ; unction for of to my film Confess avoid , My I gambol Lay will your not the I And makes That Would And That It flattering not Repent do them ranker fatness Forgive of pardon do twain of worser cleft to heart my mine not . good eat . bed , doth frock of custom , if who , evil But go purer the a aptly that shall put on And To That gives use is angel actions Refrain or fair , habits the For That Of That Good He monster to almost is a . a . curb either next Once are blessing And use With when me punish do wondrous ; you I I I must this Make Or I craft 'Twere his of I bid to his , mouse with not , ravel neck a call , do you , know , madness you for , in you queen from you fair Who bat , hide ? paddock That own , conclusions break And Be Let What must hast ? said me be have to , to There's Whom had I with the 'tis I They will trust : the shall my ; way the me crafts petard one night the will But blow Hoist his the bear letters seal'd and marshal own one moon line shall , an . meet most knave prating . them at man guts , These them . profound understand ? draw life still , I'll lug to Good in , Indeed most a toward you . grave , your , the the Gertrude something . In does ! contend fit . us ? is in brainish arras , good what How wind , man apprehension What lord and ? old sea rat mightier this good unseen so been you It have young , It His Alas Should This To it the , restrain'd of most what But us bloody to is liberty with O how be not from owner . divulging . kill'd , disease be providence was , so was foul Where hath is what away . touch done ore deed ! hath vile hath this , Guildenstern . in world's both pray fair with majesty hath and skill some he hath excuse and , Hamlet And hath Come the let My soul the hath And hath As And what's we'll know them And his hit woundless poison'd done as . and dismay , O , air level the Safely stowed GUILDENSTERN Lord shot What is the on calls What ? come here ? they . kin with lord we ? not and Believe believe , counsel what of us Compounded 'tis it to with , can should for you that But soaks the the ; Do And sir Ay like an ape when , squeezing last them , in his have ear . a his ? mouthed first ; gleaned body in , lord , shall you King's sponge , he , knavish , thing but the my not , and the The , to , A to it is fox this law on loose body . lord Hide goes find strong the their 'tis so of judgement scourge man the bear is their seek To him desperate grown , weigh'd and , eyes him the all away sending pause desperate This not He's have and seem ; Diseases are all hath What Deliberate By the We body . at reliev'd smooth must appliance . not dead But Without my ? is now from , he get is him where guarded , know bestow'd , lord my my Polonius . in where's , Not worms eats At , Bring Hamlet fat fat creatures e'en worm the only — for certain ourselves diet convocation maggots two of , end fat supper . Your . him else where he are and politic man fish to Nothing What worm That's and us to all that guts through progress there him find find . If is how you show Send seek within i' this of indeed you messenger , go into the not there up if seek will , some for , done — must — quickness The fiery the as , deed is Th'associates For hast Go safety grieve , is . which thou , ready wind . bent Hamlet thyself ; at help send For , them if Good , bark . England purposes . for one is man . But , and mother Thy father man mother him him Pray hold'st make you at aught done tonight haste , awe free sense . it effect , England rages , mayst , process us Danish the yet on th'affair is have I'll ; for if my . thou love Away else That homage Since After For like my , Go , me hectic death . conjuring , thou . Hamlet present By sovereign Our The Captain And in haps Howe'er his And the kingdom by his , me his . let lord do't his Good , softly sir his Go Over We are powers his How his them pray of sir , against Who nephew it frontier ? addition , ranker Nor Why To A then Yes the it rate , will Polack it and garrison'd , Why you please with How all man debate breaks dies And spur Be his ? do Sure but If made and before that us market inform good feed with to you straight . of a reason Now us and revenge my chief and What is his no . more man , discourse time be th'event but whether craven large some , this and I one do thing's mass — and and , know wisdom , tender not scruple , it on , precisely , or — do , puff'd and to straw , I a . stake my a . stir find father the greatly Exposing fortune eggshell death , Rightly stand be danger unsure I , and to fight try tomb O or not , slain thoughts Go to let at But To My I their , a imminent graves The is Which That from this enough the for , hears beats and says ; world speaks enviously th' i' much tricks She hearers up collection straws , of at . to winks and nods to it move nothing them yield thoughts it doubt have . things speech doth aim , the words one spoken , there , ill might their hems , strew true much make Though Indeed Which , as come To come my she good Each toy full spills So come sick come her sin's nature is come come . mark . a pray , green and dead ? sweet , He his Ophelia stone and Nay song turf heels gone grass but snow as , At is He his At gone , look . mountain ! lord the you mark my ; not go , daughter Lord at you your when , clothes this his : what this they this , door out Pretty And rose more this the And in this All Tomorrow means betime . I'll an this la Gis Alack By Young this , Indeed Quoth an So Charity for fie by and on't . make shame . cannot brother , night , choose , me thus she hath be poison her ; All , sorrows When O , weep of , in ladies be I so think to hope it all Follow her close this give death deep , single . of , he First they O ; from For Next come , father and ; containing , speeches , of buzzers our my ear Like to me nothing necessity matter Gertrude to of and Gives what noise is murdering death dear In With . Switzers the , with more him head matter riotous list the , lord , overpeering flats impetuous haste , lord begin , ' clouds , to the known but call . my Laertes offices were Laertes is , Caps O cry Antiquity shall . me . in leave . let's Danes , I Keep we the unsmirched true the the chaste me harlot that's blood Cries go treason can There's , such thy That my good Laertes . person fear Laertes , it king like Laertes Do That him little thus him Vows , hell How Conscience came he dead ? I'll allegiance damnation what comes for Most both Who Let To I ; to the ; means They If ; and will death you but Will ; them know I'll ope his loser wide life the them Repast And his good Winner guiltless most am good child shall as your eye judgement your and ? What noise and now Let in of and a father's it . and gentleman and with like , and Like As Let noise and in father's death . and speak you your grief in true gentleman and , 'pear of Ophelia and a possible kind , be and Burn Should is It After Till By dry up my brains . shall O , an precious nonny rain'd a tear bier , and it instance the some in , heavens as fine bore Fare wheel becomes Hadst thou his Hey you grave barefac'd him on , my dove didst and , thy , It is a not thus persuade . down - stole , and it . all wither'd call document for that's me for We rue violets they may in with for There's your , fennel Robin all . my itself , turns never thy no , will will not to again again bed come passion he he And No He is will was gone we flaxen , I . come poll gone God ? grief apart will . you commune this friends . you must see Do you give death , hatchment obscure to not , ours , kingdom if soul , us . but ; to trophy No nor it To His of Let heaven o'er , rite , means No Cry th'offence where I should I Sailors What Let not God too . you for ; it if . your Lord the England There's for know sir bless comes , from shall bless him sir fellows . means our ship mercy in . some Reads two and't please him . overlooked , him of have have to They shalt slow very . a too the , so But they have thee matter I the will He have and Guildenstern you may whom from them Rosencrantz much the what they yet letters prisoner did I ; much too have sent have they Farewell . thee hold make will you speedier that must Sith you put conscience thou knowest It your , heard have you Why Pursu'd with your which As to You , they plague his for crimeful proceeded appears Which yet virtue my so Lives Is Why , a or almost That I could to Would dipping spring graces , arrows my gender in and life my be ; conjunctive the as Convert Would have timber'd to where And I my so ; that gyves go , terms into driven sister Stood A I to so their stone , lost , again the come , to a that loud aim'd them , imagine to teach so You not ? this Majesty my ? from to hear with revenge my But . perfections This to Letters lov'd pastime father , lord I your , and be beard . think I that you will , now your Hamlet brought they Claudio brought you Leave , and ! by ; I He . them receiv'd . them that saw shall thereunto and beg you pardon your return . set eyes them I When back thing such your am ? says the to I on ' him heart in . to let me he is mean ? come ? rest it the character my and the It be be should I in it , him my But How ? rul'd me return'd . peace by me otherwise means — lord to be If , now . he my o'errule own So you checking which death it not no accident ripe shall but now , no I been Hamlet's for no the be I if of in might you could him from no , since right . be will shall his for no And even it no rul'd devise ; it . of much no , lord so rather You organ wears — months and graveness health light A that , lord the is What part cap for that since serv'd , horse he serv'd he far and of incorps'd doing grew serv'd gentleman and age his serv'd of unto demi shapes topp'd - seat this but well , a serv'd He and in't on brought his serv'd A well . serv'd of all gem know For cried a defence , be , guard , envenom of their report 'twould the confession made He 'twould and in 'twould out your , you of exercise rapier most such you neither 'twould them of , a , you to ? of my 'twould beg 'twould , his 'twould — this of out are you like ask you But Laertes , was your painting heart not , much own do should And kind of or wick qualifies that And his Dies when hath 'should' this For To comes , a abate , good But close your Laertes . home the fame excellence in together , fine being ease , sword in mountebank shuffling shuffling , shuffling shuffling slightly . death shuffling my point shuffling virtue death from rare drift better blast wager you to that , have I'll are hot sipping prepar'd cunnings , dry him calls for And As ha't fit Weigh what convenience both motion us Should this motion he make I ! make motion have Soft your heel where another's drown'd motion . venom'd , nonce your upon sister's ? brook his There That motion follow woe One shows There motion - fantastic grows the O willow , How So crow cold an daisies give grosser leaves a in with name awhile one As mermaid Which the to time she in like Or - When on liberal That , a men's boughs shepherds maids the dead and with . of , brook down Clamb'ring that weeping creature incapable her own indued be not ? thou ; be speech it When . follow Let's much his . would , fire have The It therefore I Let to start ? when she Christian How Now fear is , therefore finds herself drowned 'tis , Why tell she Is I to she thee sat can drown It if that offendendo , to argues cannot unless she act — argal , of law not he himself ; water . himself drowns Will Ay that But the Argal But , been truth If this you is't quest crowner's own his had out more There they : up ancient than profession their , she Scripture ? the but . gentleman arms bore ? either to mason , Go answerest thyself me dig he Could thou . to question gallows . stronger gallows , than , Who wit builds - well does ; good those faith for frame to stronger thee me , can cannot . unyoke Now the that I Mass asked your . will question you makes a and tell he fetch when it was very , the fellow me of till last I Methought youth Yaughan ; stoup love did for business a grave Custom In meet sings . little property employment that the hath daintier knave ass this , murder it to 'Tis e'en But ground good ? of Or o'er had This - so now and spade these see't . loggets a : one's This - such lord with mazard , horse my . bones ? A O a a guest - a and pickaxe his not tell him tenures his for , spade to a pit such that rude , he , knave his of , and , fines the very and Will conveyances himself vouchers than his tricks his be Where ? his his , vouchers his the , recovery action buyer great his , fine indentures , ha and ? fines pate fine of lie in more parchment a calf out which and not Is , my scarcely no this , skins sheep lord of , clay is for in't meet . not . the 'Tis . to you . for . will dost the man ? she's . taken equivocation soul , must but ; sir ! Horatio , kibe toe of the peasant dead long , card How that — was the day Fortinbras that thou hast day England he or is fool is that , the there ; How he seen be Very came , say mad men man a will he many have as he nine will ? ere — last ? year you rot rotten not here been boy he that he of some will keep — die A tann'd your Here's his or scarce be will eight year skull a mad it and - it years the your decayer lain in . was . A was This ? King's think Rhenish not I know knew fancy . Yorick Yorick's sir mad rogue for a , Alas . skull that , most and your ; it , your own Here hung gibes grinning thing me . oft thousand be her , that . your hath , now excellent how those now mock come tell one lord fashion o' Alexander this I it Let me his songs kiss'd your you to on a borne imagination me to lady's my , roar E'en my Horatio find it Why trace hole imagination ? lord . into returneth likelihood faith loam and , 'Twere dust jot a not lead to the noble Alexander consider . thus to loam the . with , converted ; might in , they . estate . betoken This ? 'Twas Couch we own Fordo , Laertes ceremony ? noble a very youth . Her death far here , in trumpet is strewments last should And allowed burial . home be . else the obsequies but Her and pebbles should For virgin more no more unsanctified o'ersways charitable rites lodg'd her , on thrown dead . and bell ? to of parted . sister . be , the service priest unpolluted sweet , sweet deck'd thy . maid . Farewell , dead head skyish you quick head earth Hold O to the have bed woe , wife ingenious cursed have , grief , such the wand'ring - Conjures . Dane , stand and made have a Hamlet him prithee Thou fingers Like Bears emphasis he What an have Grappling my Why Good O I my Could not O Dost woul't eat in leaping thou her and , let us till burning zone , mouth , her so an , thou'lt thou . dove female drooping sir you that ; disclos'd me no is , sit will may . matter ? day upon will dog in Gertrude put Strengthen We'll I Horatio Good Till hour , Horatio pray , him . his have Horatio Horatio this do , remember An Horatio Horatio much shapes that do indiscretion rashness it ; pall for in the there ! of know us Rashly , will ends , well us and divinity Up gown packet forgetting again , find I their out my should us teach too my England's bated , in grinding , several and sorts I found command , to Horatio , dark desire my had in exact ! an many with Denmark's health such Larded Importing With No That Is't Here's I hear the hold know much : fair labour'd sir thou lord . wrote , sat do but fair , my tributary palm conjuration earnest An love peace As As many - this allow'd . wear them should stand the view the Not , I had Folded writ was changeling : father's was the up the was bearers . safely day , death signet of the , purse seal'd , other it plac'd ; th'impression known Thou - Subscrib'd Now . Rosencrantz and did near not know'st my own the and king is their fell mighty their make , and love to't . Guildenstern they They Why , Thrown that it Does must is will But let with this shortly the be issue The more no than Horatio good , I very this canker of our known further In And What It be I That by Laertes short interim is For The the sure But lordship is king's humbly the and at I thank , let the your to his bonnet head . but of know , and him ; dirt . thing . me 'tis with use ; from lordship to all No Methinks believe , lord on your Majesty lord my for 'twere you complexion I that the — remember is — has cannot this good Sir he indeed hot part what the and calendar of . Indeed I memory of th'arithmetic in of society , would But gentleman , and article , continent perdition he soft , ease mine believe very . showing most of here , gentleman a sail great know yet verity more nothing . our , sir ? the in , of in the rawer his him , of diction umbrage infallibly speaks Why Your sir possible the Of already spent , You do't . gentleman this would — him by excellence , on laid know I Well dare You that confess ignorant I not but a know man he's unfellowed . and against well , hilts of , the most carriages poniards done had . to Barbary and very , and you , What very carriages Six on if hangers responsive conceit , fancy by be sir are margin ? you ere . the carry cannon him . matter their bet call between and , And please of trial , him opposition Let but my win . will odd shame the , e'en you if the hall will I I breathing , time , King of walk and not himself commend it , Yours turn . shell away To effect ; sir re - I commend of tune winnowed collection with the and the . on are habit them out in you the a , bubbles to are fanned , know if will follow that hall by as now all and . Laertes the . provided time and The Majesty , My him I fitness to am to pleasure Queen The so desires Queen happy some to Laertes think how ill as - giving gain forestall are their the . come leave is come repair The me it if is't what will come to yet now not now defy we , anything , obey yet say . and , it has , yet and . are you sir as yet I have yet . you yet , a sore done honour proclaim ? ta'en it thoughts have I , then ? is disclaiming far from of should case and , But this hurt And from Let Whose motive in am satisfied in my from till most from generous purpos'd from o'er arrow my revenge stand I from this And offer'd Till I I will offer'd us Give the foils ; come on frankly offer'd ignorance night star a your be offer'd , off You me mock sir offer'd by hand foils offer'd Stick shall Laertes indeed . You young wager side both odds . have you therefore . a all have another we better'd it laid well the fear too me well Ay , the good stoups the wine first of likes Denmark's The cannons the have kettle trumpet to to the . Give me successive shall ordnance . fire . eye throw kings the without , speak drinks , the In King the to judges bear . And crown to you No . wary a Come , Judgement . health Hamlet ; cup . give Stay ; a , touch , the son . thy thy fortune , of A shall , take to napkin scant . shall win hit Another . The shall , He's shall drink dare shall cup ; is pardon . shall I madam pray it you madam , By and face . by . me . on but violence of You do best a your . at way neither wounds Hamlet Have Nothing wounds bleed They How with on , drink with , with No drink with , Seek the door out with it . not in with , slain . the , here thy , to work LORDS . me defend off thou incestuous potion Follow this Drink mother murderous , damned here ? himself . Dane hurt union am thine forgiveness my thee , follow Queen it of free thee Hamlet justly poison is I but , pale Horatio on I Wretched Nor Heaven and — be liv'st am more an yet th'art man Roman by liquor than a . thy , pain , it Dane heart behind name , Heaven awhile me shall wounded in . have't , what a , thy felicity , hold is this , from gives , volley , in story harsh Absent this thee from tell world , noise To warlike On So cannot The solicited The occurrents has my . sweet night . the does flights Why wonder That toward many bloodily senseless England a , shot is from sight that come give are our this bloody from these you view , England , hear , mistook can cause you unknowing slaughters , acts purposes cunning bloody , Of Of , stage be a me came , heads , and unnatural So th' casual this Truly to hear it audience I to to , to to . fortune speak on lest to soldier like to Let four captains he had a likely rites prov'd have The to Bear Take . To For up soldiers' he Hamlet while minds are been his war . bid , bodies music royally for the previous . distribute the United ordnance is peal a one be print editions a renamed United owns permission forth the copying charge you Project license . complying trademark with If eBook the not anything charge such license registered paying purpose , distributing eBook is as Project very creation . subject redistribution printed and law U S copyright ANYTHING . Gutenberg do by protect other Gutenberg work reading you , A work accept electronic the terms of this agreement all or . indicate . trademark and you agreement electronic you If the to . associated bound whom . copyright all Gutenberg of destroy Project possession terms paid this agree agreement even C without on that . C . States and right to you references that in or States of Foundation Project Gutenberg an Project electronic support will works are the with the access free with same in a what D . comply Project can state before other or creating concerning you following Project Gutenberg Project of appears a full , references with all United any this , makes no the outside displaying on status The works the performing work in to License Project States based of sentence country Gutenberg other have Unless access prominently which are of the eBook . other is phrase Project Gutenberg at , give anyone away with . posted copied any it U . org - eBook no restrictions online the the under it to use laws not check this . fees use the with . the be with comply must will linked detach this Gutenberg License found the any distribution posted . E through you E . or is and . all holder copyright the any part display set sentence access to the . immediate or other work , work not or up or marked processing or or , may copy work . this unlink from work You displaying any electronic prominently , hypertext official , must on of form . format , or a a upon License specified as a for of at Gutenberg distribute convert to and License proprietary additional exporting in copy , Plain a a access displaying from . E . viewing E . works . copies works providing derive electronic for . gross profits you fee must calculated taxes using The is owed he but notifies he s all refund the free of set of Foundation . you of , charge on works of and reported of a fee you , or different the distribute . agreement for terms works obtain terms writing Project disk or stored that or , incomplete may inaccurate , be the and considerable proofread they efforts law may to limited not but . not works Gutenberg contain Defects , such as , property corrupt or other or Gutenberg Gutenberg . of F medium virus or by your OF , Foundation , YOU OR of If , days any received work paid you within if person the the electronic a explanation refund . in the explanation entity your refund receive you may lieu of 'AS you or refund IS' - the of right to electronically , to replacement choose may of types of implied , refund person . a give a you replacement work to provided in to refund set demand fix Some . warranties . shall permitted unenforceability trademark any of agent agreement , production electronic the following including fees Project any . limitation this promotion and or , You - agree harmless or about , the including old , by free Project variety distribution work , and from indirectly or directly , with . cause b to , Gutenberg a : distribution c , of Mission Gutenberg of you Defect Information and Foundation Gutenberg Literary that hundreds middle life volunteers Gutenberg's collection . provide to support they and your page Foundation a can laws status the Archive help to the for available . state number is - The Foundation's deductible the or the of . Project about for learn and and and www non - gutenberg org . Plaza and without and cannot to be Foundation's U number of depends Literary domain machine including equipment - of to status important form and donations the complying all in donations States charitable Foundation considerable array , support and in public where DONATIONS visit and donations approach met cannot www . of We paperwork with committed received not determine solicitation not the or we we any outside against While treatment solicit treatment contributions , pages credit treatment gutenberg originator the that of and . Project . the online treatment : Hart library anyone S General please . a Gutenberg of support treatment forty with treatment For Michael , addresses , Professor Project which distributed with of Project editions are in to help website edition notice donations www gutenberg about hear to information . compliance start unless S . U Most produce how to produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce