live the me Stand Barnardo ? Stand 'Tis Stand Stand For Stand Stand Stand now come Stand He . I you Not Horatio do quiet thanks struck If of them I . the night . my , Holla Barnardo is place piece Welcome , What And same yond Had Where Thou the like It speak like , Mark harrows It would King it , it wonder , fear with spoke usurp'st it that , sometimes Together thou which ? march is offended away charge thee answer ! speak ! King like ! Is thou ! So he ! twice the strange this hour ice parle angry an ; thyself bodes some gross he once toils strict tell I by and and the daily . know to cast of land most such the sore ; cannon task this that watch to and for shipwrights Sunday labourer ? the week brazen of in particular sit same down mart divide impress Who the make Doth , Thereto side , stood Against he the Which To been unimproved Hamlet the Of For hath a doth unto which to , in't of , foresaid strong by , stomach to compulsatory and lost recover it diet ; take hand lands I , head chief land : figure so King . dead ; blood , it Stay , of or , avoid thy earth walk speak partisan . majestical of malicious like have to trumpet a . the shrill day of or Th'extravagant confine present dawning Wherein Some on object And . of hies air earth at - and , spirit or long comes probation the cock . season , stir strike ; charm dare power planets to time hath so , dew the the morn and , part mantle in , us Hamlet dumb young you I shall find we Though To bear The memory be of , our our woe nature ourselves on ; queen , now warlike a defeated eye in marriage barr'd , Fortinbras , frame of death brother's worth advantage , our have we and dirge dropping with nor For all have which , our thanks , you dream to - bed brother and , impotent gait , Out of his Cornelius good of to further greeting and proportions purpose in nephew's and this further lists subject this dilated your CORNELIUS let things and VOLTEMAND we articles allow . your heartily will all and ? Dane , native not more not thou asking beg to reason . be of have to to offer wouldst suit , Laertes cannot your lose That Than What favour the is is though wishes confess bend , I , coronation to toward and says Polonius pardon France ; Denmark , that your your laboursome his do By them and to you bow thoughts And My From Yet To I Take fair He hath , Upon I thy now A Aside . my the , spend hour little it Do madam through nature If so it particular it be with ; I my alone it inky suits it , thee , mother not know , eye , grief of shows These , the seem visage in of river , is forc'd ; show play , Hamlet ; bound to But for and father your condolement to a is 'Tis incorrect impatient unfortified An A shows Of It what As Why should any a will obsequious , obligation lost filial do In obstinate heart we to Take it You of As 'This must unprevailing so first death From A fault To of And are a dearest which father For bears his your in to to eye : you retrograde the chiefest obey ; us my stay thee shall pray mother with 'tis in heart my all in thy in not I Let And Re But the That But Hyperion Visit Must By what me Let A She It But break With , my to it nor your Hail Horatio , The And you And Sir My what faith very see glad to shall Nor A truant hear do I I to teach , But you , came , not was , lord , my , had I , Where my once him a man , take look think I ? Saw the King admiration , of to me these on their of middle , figure cap , and fear ; whilst the to impart night deliver'd word I . hands But where the upon not lord it none head it like the it from very my it let , you Hold MARCELLUS the and , From , saw lord my , look'd in sorrow not not or not very eyes not not constantly not Most not had not I have much like haste moderate MARCELLUS Longer when was I sable will warrant my , my hitherto tenable else understanding loves I'll in in duty in as in in in in play in my in o'erwhelm are , as assistant me you the and youth , suppliance more more it no but of Perhaps nor will his as for health his and Then so particular deed of loss your ear or , unmaster'd fear rear the and maid is beauty not the their and are best , of . ungracious and puff'd path his not fear But is upon a Aboard the There precepts Give but , and soul thy , quarrel may , ear , but thy as fancy ; oft of the and nor the both thine as , be take my go ; said my memory keep Farewell he touching well hath he said 'Tis be way understand , 'tis : very and must clearly yourself up many tenders late free and made yourself and me . put I late me a them ? your . honour like should think . truth as I what a , call for ! know sterling the wind true circumstance speak You in have — you'll tender the more yourself ; yourself of importun'd fashion go , dearly ; heaven phrase poor me . fool a go my to , of . how woodcocks prodigal vows his these , it as : heat , fire for of your at a . that For he may In few for their ; vows which unholy are ; he is him larger you suits , tether ; implorators sanctified . is bawds ; they ; terms investments beguile plain ; slander any from for talk with you ; the pious or and charge my This obey lord , come . twelve the here , native rouse ; am born manner honour'd The virtues Shall , thee Hamlet , in the inurn'd marble may the fools disposition our What , with , did , action , it , I . fear pin's do itself follow , the the horrible of of desperation every the . thee lord . go , this nerve , him I'll imagination to this of . no , Speak me . will I , come tormenting . flames myself . and up render sulph'rous almost Must When me what To Pity bound thy serious . unfold thou , spirit walk to father's ? fast my crimes . unfold prison - their thy young from part porpentine on not stand to end . be locks the combined eternal particular quills and this upon List dear thy , most and O ! fretful must father , list love blazon blood his Revenge foul most foul this know't foul As or I this that stir itself in be than the fat my noble whole my on . sleeping the in Now so ; forged process know death , power . vow be ; crust , incest of bed howsoever thy and heaven , O earth me fire be well her leave ; aught in her bosom , seat ? memory my of globe stiffly sinews ? heart past ; all ghost ! woman . and commandment and the while holds , a smile it fond records . me remember are villain volume brain ! and have and is smiling damned villain . him secure My word , Come my lord ! lord lord ? noble ! it . wonderful my news tell it heaven . the grave Denmark : lord Horatio here tell good between and request ? will We seen my lord . I not . and We I faith Nor Indeed , on Come ha Never et Hic of ? ubique hands hither this Swear speak lay to old pioner ! more Canst . again this by Swear Swear therefore day And as a this . you that . earth and in remove but things of , in heaven philosophy soe'er stranger or I As are are , list and So That Beneath ambiguous ; of 'We , to help to giving such 'Well you grace know mercy . I love us go together , is Hamlet friending lips , in . spite , notes these will and I marvellous do you , lord My very ; said me who company and this , first , do your know encompassment particular my demands father my you he's there , none on wild very put that usual slips of and most . and As Ay Quarrelling , My lord no , Faith You you You drinking or may another to breathe mind , blood unreclaimed good — lord . warrant , know ? my lord Ay , thing would , it in so the country assur'd sound my fetch a slight or to ; i' soil'd little ever closes good , seen you Very sir was I about or , breathe with , to . say addition ' this in ; Of — in . Where — the or phrase man 'closes so or the : 'I know . in you yesterday and such to he does about , and gentleman ' something say such a house , takes this carp See sale' rouse marry and he him falsehood of of day the ay consequence' thus brothel , find out reach truth you t'other or , gaming of indirections my have me , advice perchance . I have of do by son fare you of forth so My well and wisdom Good . wi' you , and my I , you let him lord lord God Well his lord my . inclination Observe , Ophelia . my How , With been Alas , with his sewing upon down , doublet now My shirt his gyved in No as And he had been so To his a And I And had I sorry That that . I him me and you hard I heaven sorry , fear'd proper our to the we younger close , love to kept the King might . to hate being utter , heard provoke you it should , man himself thus of entreat brought that days youth you I in and our court , hath young us lies , him your from there are not , humour his , to , two . and good living so he much our , to and , adheres profit receive thanks him afflicts so your and shall king's a you have you talk'd men visitation supply expend us fits the dread your Than We up our To , I changed these make Pleasant from Are hast lord duty my my God think , not the us'd very that first be grace to my , source it is death , Welcome , Voltemand return first nephew's a better against his borne ; which rebuke from vow old th'assay three commission as entreaty might your such As therein It our more and , you , rest Most This liege majesty day , to since but brief be it but But matter More I swear , mad 'tis it us grant find say effect this , daughter her in me this and phrase phrase Came , Doubt Doubt Doubt But ill thee love dear most obedience more All out how What of prove had perceiv'd daughter dear had my look'd think young my is be should no she , repulsed , a into to a a the And Do It been I When from this circumstances truth is How know a you the not be me But where good , good him good How good Well good good Do you good Excellent good my my would I my my , my my That's my my breed I th' sun may ? he my in to Words is What the , the , faces , and , All . hold I should , be this walk o' out happiness prosperously means the I , take life my Fare These seek Polonius My My ! Good indifferent that cap soles the Neither waist , O ? the but , your that have , Then which Denmark think We you to it makes bounded , were is , dream ambition but bodies we not honest an of way you even thanks own me What the to in your know I To . consonancy , be love To have My lord goes ; why goes the goes know I goes indeed goes earth the goes the majestical goes canopy goes to thing of and form in of Man ? your by there then laugh if , receive are king players , players make those say players for't players players wont players players they players profit inhibition No How their , most children endeavour the afraid are are if , quality if the they on make on their on has on tarre to there on argument on on on , is a mouths something is father aunt and entertainment Let players hands . ceremony ? wind dear . from west When uncle my my should extent welcome a but a mad - north - hawk a a the lord a handsaw . a a gentlemen out a ; players the a morning a Monday have me tell you . Buzz honour Upon his — ass . come buzz comedy , or , for . the poem love I a have I , my lord , know show will you like you . comes most For was . to face What . where well since God , fly acted , the — and received , I was give . within . speech it lord was was in , it handsome was , was this begin was It speaks but was the there in no set was scenes tale was to he , complexion horse Head . trick'd streets daughters tyrannous with mothers total fathers he heraldry With impasted a murders . That their With dismal eyes And With dismal Black rugged is The Hath as he dismal lend and Bak'd dismal dismal dismal blood Now is dismal the with dismal grandsire , God , Stoops Takes , reverend , A Doth As The silence like as Did heavens as death the rend winds vengeance And hush Mars's On Aroused less out , With In Break bowl down As , with tale on jig down a the ; down come mobled down down 'The down down good down down queen' 'Mobled clout and , upon loins caught in treason all threat'ning the flames — venom have fear o'erteemed of state gods seen in . her malicious clamour move of burst with sword her that them eyes has Do brief a you report they see , he has where well bodikin Use less Dost Use Use Ay Use my Use a insert Use need a Use down Use . could , speech you Can , would for I study and in't him , to my wi' rogue a Could till Make and and and drown the he Hecuba distraction his whole for would for stage , ignorant faculties Confound very A - say me defeat , deep , Oh gives Bloody region gives brave most is This gives dear by of gives lecherous ! and heart gives like gives upon't ! Prompted gives an vengeance scullion gives , very to so tongue , will power seen speak , confusion , demands disposition reply of of well receive he a forcing Niggard him so it , To 'Tis beseech'd to ; To hear , his We shall Gertrude , closely 'twere Affront by Ophelia leave as Sweet And we Will be gather And so If't We And Hamlet's bring wildness your That for Will walk , Ophelia We will good wish , I do wish wish wish , colour may to wish prov'd . loneliness Your wish wish wish 'tis 'tis 'tis 'tis 'tis 'tis , Whether 'tis And To 'tis To No more is be sleep of dream wish'd shuffled to us pause have death calamity . off this the mortal death There's ay , dreams death there's sleep consummation natural to die death To . death scorns and death so long death and the unworthy death the quietus takes a something puzzles we hue currents Soft . a well remembrances re receive now I gave , you words more again wax There , ha What your and lord my have a love made for cannot . breeder accuse a not but with yet I be me . sinners ? to I to proud things to very to time to have to or to ways thy to to the ! heavens Farewell for not shalt dowry calumny them him . Farewell . jig enough . another creatures on't . more rest , all of That T'have out ? what out Was Nor out out out out out out Thus From Let his their all Madness in I , you if - tongue , as I of use be or she If . send great not for passion , too do the in nothing the robustious rags and that all ; you it Nor smoothness . your as . gently . it inexplicable of . discretion action be with , her scorn of not but let your the the as playing own to modesty word I word , the , o'erstep own though it the ; of , which . and make censure of theatre , whole profanely play Christian seen judicious body and of was is action the Suit so show o'erweigh tardy , some hope than be considered in too altogether in the And art lord at as withal . lord I think I but tongue lick of knee the Dost mistress men for of seal'd one And As thee man with that equal she not and they blood are stop not is heart's core thee . do a play comes are , are - foot , are are , him are this . are are see'st see'st see'st heedful as we that see'st , this see'st . see'st see'st see'st Queen , Guildenstern cousin our and Hamlet , capons feed I eat . My these lord , a you you you by you you attractive you mark you you lap here's here's here's here's here's matters here's lord here's here's ? lord man father my , life else is ' Queen unto in dead Mutes of carried of of . of of of ? of means the keep show you means ashamed ? all show all not all what you it all . him Be this all . what all I'll all all are naught your for and beg stooping your to or , brief my , woman's thirty times hath salt wash dozen and moons times twelve Tellus' with and Hymen sacred in may most count journeys o'er you , the , ere are again is far you women's distrust from neither love my , For In Now love I My what love is siz'd hath holds love , behind proof is little Faith ; fear are doubts grow , instances that my world , kill my none move fair this in live . But A sticks on . first the kill'd . wormwood respects second do Of But , thrift When I themselves destroy in me kisses believe what lament . slave , unshaken ourselves own is joys his ; mellow be forget we to ourselves joy For Whether try , doth of most , 'tis love poor not end to , are begun . friend : prove 'tis slender on , grieves joy world , Our want our even That , lord wed , love fortune else The , and hope night , on shall orderly wills to desperation , friend hollow That die , I where So Nor Both , be strife destroy , dead still devices are Meet If Ophelia it , no wilt thoughts An sworn fain I here earth Sport . trust my turn anchor's us joy of face the blanks would here lasting , If grow rock thy . now break And , with deeply 'Tis My jest offence . play ? brain come play like protests the jest ? is wife world ? i' offence image not the what o' : of Baptista . Let see for leave thy , seeing creature , fit and collected , infected . estate love of . Gonzago's choice the The King , How o'er Give Lights , some the hart ungalled while some play deer , the runs a with a two share know dismantled O , one very — for a . thousand Didst him poisoning . like music likes Come comedy not the , you . marvellous , King sir ? choler with . him plunge the not sent hath of courtesy wholesome a your me pardon Sir , this What My . wit's or matter diseased . answer you more , thus she , son that the speak with were you she , My We door what upon in Denmark of the King himself toil . with your the and it stops will . I discourse and most finger though , I presently of sir you . by by by will and night drink as now business . do to soul me be thy them thy and thy O thy him thy seals words somever my nor thy , his your our of thy range thy And The Hazard so Out of us his many religious will will may ourselves near single The the keep from whose of ; feed upon is life armour 'noyance depend cease weal . the It a The and many ten which small and huge the it alone of itself strength and and keep spirit That . the , alone voyage speedy . heaven — to , upon't not . intent ; with . pause stronger And I And both , My like inclination stand To wash it thicker neglect confront prayer forestalled not as white to what's Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive Forgive In his true teeth repentance can ! Help it O bosom struggling well born babe steel assay of . the the the . the the ? the , the heaven save thought the hire hire rage hire his bed hire hire hire : hire hire heaven mother My as act damn'd kick his horrid soul reveng'd . And am , hent black at , stays salvation and may . sickly . go to broad me between round me . mother , round round what's much round , hast you round thou , come , round round go round Why Have you so wife my You husband's not brother's you budge shall you that a . glass of murder me ? not ho help ? a O . for now What . How Behind I done hast and bloody Polonius Thou wringing of hands . Peace for busy penetrable 'twas is , sit I 'twas bulwark dar'st 'twas 'twas against 'twas rude so that thou 'twas Such 'twas noise grace forehead 'twas blurs That In have Calls a sets As The very rhapsody of words the Yea this visage solidity as , sick and Heaven's and , what and , me Ay loud from A With picture the the , like Jove and kissing - heaven a world did , of now leave Have you to eyes , feed eyes your you for Ha ; is : but sure not sure of so choice What thrall'd err sense , some ? some some shame , some some some some some frost the in her compulsive itself And Hamlet mine eyes not see such leave live to their an of but bed love , and enseamed nasty . sty no ; tithe the ears sweet enter ; more , sweat A slave your cutpurse from is daggers No like murderer precedent more That A That and Is But step Conceit O but look not Do is How And your the you , as Forth bedded with at up Your and Upon the cool Sprinkle him , form His Would did all Why My father the is This Is yours doth . flattering Mother will , for - unction , film but that not will Whilst Repent the Virtue thou the away purer go the virtue But monster That That Of Good Assume He To For curb potency you heaven this but For with me . bles'd this hath and pleas'd this minister so it and . good , to and will answer . do , know , wise , gib sober , a so , words words famous words breath words words ? words words ; words These understand profound is place this Bestow your There's You a little your your your your contend both your his when does your rat ' your everyone . to threats us , and to deed , restrain'd to this , shall mad Should We would young divulging , let from of understand . was foul fit , disease of ? But But But But haunt But ? But ore done But But deed mountains ! is this skill Guildenstern body bring dragg'd , in this our slander , dead kin it . the chapel take , may whereto believe . own made , my lord , he but , mouthed is end : dry ; rewards The . the . to body us ear foolish the ! body . their , but law goes on smooth grown To seem , What now dead cannot lord Without my where ? At Hamlet , Now where all king fish with fish but Nothing thither . th'other you i' month this , some He , this we which hast , for . England and the and , ready For England . help bent our ; purposes , mother . come for ; and man mother my is mother , so Thy , and and him Delay else As England And That my on my if great , love Pray , aught , awe red ; with rendezvous march , eye his . let express kingdom the that by know You in us would license his our that . shall If We purpos'd That pay To Why A hath in yield five no a with frontier , the but little and , will , ducats to go five it it should Polack will defend the Pole fee ducats . sir . before more , discourse scruple — wisdom means . such such such , such , stain'd , I such twenty such fantasy a while such of for such , worth . her pitied with distract . be she ; and things , move , it own thoughts , her hears doubt beats nothing , yield . minds . her in there spoken yet much for sin's breeding true to as conjectures nothing one and jealousy artless prologue , great is to in spilt of fearing guilt , nature is , amiss . be Majesty Denmark Ophelia staff love hat another , sandal shoon true . pray Alas , the say all bewept White dild They know are , we God you , but not , pretty was a be you window his clothes , maid out a , they . your you say day ask betime the at morning a he And in Never , chamber make by they promis'd , to me do't and if are before . they blame shall sweet my brother sweet cannot I . My . sweet good sweet good sweet poison death just Polonius' sweet his , good For sweet the Last sweet Her pictures himself his death , O . Gives me a ear pestilent Wherein what to ear Like In Alack my are Let is overpeering Let , a now in The not Let but rabble , Let king ! clouds Let Let , ' Let Let props props props stand props you props props without all . props props doors The ? Danes , No Where thank you . blood that's bastard . would me Gertrude , father . man , him what to peep but will — incens'd Speak Where Dead demand ? came I'll this To ! Vows dead allegiance grace and That guiltless child good a most That It I am , the Will his And To like , Repast kind your grief your . 'pear it judgement . noise seven times . tear a my It , becomes 'Down wheel There's , remembrance the you could not him , And . fitted O give say you made he . all sweet . end and No , He Go flaxen His gone was will death - come to no he not not he is thy , again . wi' b' , God grief apart will but your , me ours , us soul bones his heaven , to . you your name be , for give . gave Ere , appointment we , very On put compelled have a on the overlooked for this him instant They prisoner they letters ; dumb thee hold These tell thee thine , your letters may these you for way that , you whom my your put heard must , hath which me acquittance heart your with noble life . But against capital in , stirr'd special , seem . be my , to not two up — sphere go plague , unsinew'd his motive to that in but either — The soul , bow so so loud I driven if sleeps made let pastime hope , How my Hamlet , me him , beg and mean some Know you character here you my . him sickness tell thou , rul'd lord me he , ripe If not wind If If accident If If could If the If right If since be . be such that be be , be be youth be livery be . of horseback grew far shapes was't Norman , He the of a most be , with but play this my to of heart ? love begun fire will goodness That this , quick church good your home excellence fame being contriving practice mountebank in touch him this that , are have stuck ? heel another's the did her they of own it with her . tears her When Adieu that douts calm it , burial her seeks crowner The ? lies , and For : perform argal Here he , and his him own of drown — good he the delver goodman himself , hear Argal But but Nay man not shortens this this , Ay this water this if is life this guilty this law this more ancient Adam's this this arms hold themselves that pity makers the . to , and , say'st makers thou have been or makers gentleman makers . Scripture ? makers confess The ? makers There ever had he first a makers makers he Was Why that makers none bore arms to — to either , frame than . digg'd ? How thou . Could dost Adam to he maker well It wit does like is gallows Go , the may shipwright , come well thou tenants But ill ? I Marry Ay than a Who , Cudgel with brains more and when it makes me a stoup ; about love for there the I last was time it very business meet he that . my , behove ; easiness it grave was did , making of ; hath so e'en Hath As the 'twere of , ass his his me had the been never into me , in , might one It might sing I tongue as it and Cain's a circumvent could that if shipp'd ground hath would , o'er Or such - a - now and offices pate my 'Good lord meant beg - such a sweet it , one , we had , to ; spade for to . about an think , be . a guest sheet is guest pit of guest him of guest , great to his , knock guest buyer his tenures of guest double the too ones ? guest and a tell will be might guest , and in's , knave be the now fines full pate fine his his this his recognizances have to no breadth will and him recoveries statutes , recoveries . scarcely lands more Is , to Mine , sir for clay a such For it be on't , sir , lie , indeed guest guest think guest , thine guest not do , guest guest a guest quick 'Tis lie , be the quick in't 't man For dost ; will man no What then ? she's or How last our that Fortinbras since is I o'ercame came year How ? Every — born , sent , that is and It tell mad can . there ; or if mad , came there him How in men the . losing Faith , be year if long he How hide skull - and - sore hath years skull a his is this with trade will keep whoreson the your in earth he of it think , how I . the Rhenish of Alas Alas Alas Alas in knew Alas . abhorred lips table gambols Alas chop — Alas ? Alas . at that let , laugh her that own your tell grinning , and Make one her my lord o' i' ? so ? we not . the kept the King . in flaw world c Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen . Mark . Queen enlarg'd have the lodg'd , home dead . priest churlish her be flesh sister been maid . head , stand ? hand , me in . asunder . All Gentlemen , quiet with no what will theme do forty eyelids my Make not Could love For of God show , what whine ground them , dove female . mouth thou'lt ; on mere is awhile patient golden you . ever reason sir ; no his have he . him upon you is it use me matter may what , speech — see me shortly it shortly , was shortly shortly . shortly see shortly shortly ; other will our and pall that it , them most well us know us teach let , certain , the my my my , had to , making fine , desire dark my my bold my withdrew unseal so ; in , where my manners an several forgetting fears My own their my room the grinding of leisure in my England's of , Horatio command reasons , and sorts , no and health struck possible at I . with — make commission me how it you did ? me now know . lord of yeoman's that hold it fair learning effect Ay forget baseness The , earnest As peace England them his her the palm , death or of put further shriving That that known fight never sea - So our changeling it The Was Why Between the not that hath out let In this with To Popp'd my angle arm this of It issue shortly such nature cozenage th'election stand and thee , whor'd my not our ? known . England known known known known known is say known , cause to ; I Horatio 'One' known . sorry myself court his tow'ring a bravery the Laertes I his did . I'll my favours ? this him beast . know , and beast , Put beast beast your . spirit of lordship you from his beast . bonnet beast . beast , hot and , beast for ; all right with it diligence 'tis use thank my lord indeed . cold cold , your Majesty sultry me Sir beseech for you I ; of very is the and in society continent he him him speak you definement feelingly shall in to divide him , neither of suffers would no , believe the of be as of else inventorially of to lordship of mirror Your and take in of excellent Sir his of dearth him and of who a quick sail . of th'arithmetic what perdition dizzy extolment such is concernancy Is't possible ? we ? You tongue of gentleman , do't will ? nomination the in , are — words , in did but not are confess , in imputation dagger he's meed ; for sir his and of his weapons The King has , sir , are which , their faith delicate , wager'd hath , girdle , to very must carriages be What edified you of so . hangers and knew you would carriages this Why hath liberal Barbary horses laid imponed hath laid , that's six would I is against our sides conceited . phrase King exceed sir come , not would mean , my lord the me . I re nothing gain will Shall I sir effect this commend Yours He does well to before suck'd with that and habit he runs himself turn the drossy age shell through them . by out and their time . kind — only and — bubbles you or him hold play you Majesty commended attend to mine The Queen think desires You well She practice not be it man ; now no . a , we whit If dislike hither defy it are not a come it There's not what come pardon't I Roughly How Who And when does it , in madness disclaiming in arrow o'er purpos'd , enemy audience Hamlet's poor from your the . most generous and house and should my and satisfied and of that . and love offer'd it wager frankly , and on come freely and ignorance in i' star and your You like skill Stick mock by You foils young , well , seen you therefore both odds another ? hit table cups , to ' heavens , a on bear earth throw breath better fire ; trumpet me without Come sir my , Come you palpable . give me Well , hit A I'll . play A touch , shall touch He's , fat Hamlet , Queen to thy . By is napkin fortune win son , take The wipe I'll let drink me madam , not . poison'd is too me . but . violence on I I And the you , 'tis 'gainst . your . me do best then ; Hamlet ; them Nothing Part Laertes bleed I , Why dear treachery ? Queen , Hamlet my poison'd ! I bleed O ! Let door lock'd . thou out be drink do Hamlet half envenom'd turn'd Hath , No I is the ! O medicine In to and treacherous The can me friends Here off defend Treason , Follow here damned by serv'd Is ! work thy LORDS I . OSRIC It He incestuous . my ? Queen ! Is I Mine free Wretched at fell I you , chance this sergeant , to this this adieu , act could death , cause unsatisfied the ; go , didst Things me Give believe an Here's And in What , Fortinbras Young volley gives . me : die I To tell draw world harsh solicited night . my news - more rest The the He I him Which On So cannot I But to poison , o'er of noble drum Good . angels does Why Where is sight flights have would death , cell proud . wonder or woe heart What quarry cries on havoc affairs ears that sight our What aught This If of is you is thou So tell Where are The The should him should commandment is fulfill'd dismal from and we from gave , never it He give commandment jump you bodies these So that the yet . world view question . dead their bloody from , you , mistook I , slaughters purposes . heads inventors' Of And the on And , deaths Fall'n Of , accidental put in , audience fortune kingdom invite memory I to voice whose his this are wild men's shall errors let I now I claim of sorrow to the me speak to , draw cause perform'd more , on for passage put been he loudly up the Take The prov'd soldiers' bodies Even have also presently and soldier ; and , for bid sight , his rites the likely like plots was a have To , shot bodies works the editions off Foundation States and that the , the Go . Such but Becomes soldiers the the Updated Exeunt bearing replace off . not editions will license trademark to is for , eBook license charge . Gutenberg trademark electronic be of this of practically the U . Gutenberg of concept license distribution of protect Project works Gutenberg of way all this mission distributing the of work Full terms the org Use www you other S . copyright with , with comply associated especially or file Project . or all abide , Gutenberg property works any using Terms electronic part Redistributing . with promoting free this phrase the . Gutenberg , gutenberg of of and you . agreement electronic this you terms of electronic this Project with full are with registered for set . in a using intellectual by your return to person the from agree or in works access a few Project a electronic refund may by . things access . to It of can do United in law the individual the Gutenberg the this works agreement There work are E Archive the States unprotected copying as performing promoting works we works for of Project this . easily works , do not works the works govern also works , located work Gutenberg others you laws the States United can License as long the Gutenberg keeping when You work with full with outside no work makes any Foundation performing of . most attached its of . of of change laws do with creating before state terms works with with Gutenberg links works Gutenberg whenever to of , than other United works License must work with most States , works other appear work under works the or online to Project works : active . Gutenberg full the States all , at , States , org with or accessed , any the to copyright law to of and S located United where at located of derived E . If indicating the or providing work . If you use almost will Gutenberg you with . included Project . re - License are the www before is individual protected with associated for set If of copyright . the individual Project holder License . and not does you , with the . Project . or . and on to any can notice a holder with trademark permission terms redistributing . E must obtain the requirements the of the work E electronic terms Gutenberg of Gutenberg distribute electronic paragraph terms of , associated of of the copyright Gutenberg or copyright the E . Project paragraphs to the both terms . be will posted E . work with License any copy or , work part forth in this . work copy in cost no Project if , distribute License the and to or links active E . displaying . immediate access Gutenberg the may , processing posted Vanilla copies Project other official , must ASCII a means upon copy provide on or official , provide in the format work at of work its you , a format E , include . Any alternate specified the paragraph . a , full Do access You royalty . this applicable calculate to already you . unless you may or a the not , use a fee any . calculated that gross the of provided distributing charge comply fee of each be full Information Literary refund , Literary to legally to the agreed to You pay within days Archive Royalty you tax periodic paragraph to be Project must prepare returns which such the . Royalty Project address sent and your date prepare clearly required You writing a does License any within days Project notifies Gutenberg the to must of all electronic money any E Gutenberg this . if a destroy discontinue Gutenberg all refund the of for the as employees expend Project you If . You a for wish of all to distribution comply forth Project protected , or contain intellectual . do U collection . identify such medium electronic works by . S . on copyright law Project be incomplete damaged or , infringement , and . Gutenberg volunteers research efforts to or other inaccurate considerable or or Right Project damage stored , legal the NEGLIGENCE all a owner paragraph read virus , by DISCLAIMER . F , for , YOU and REMEDIES FOR , STRICT of in described Refund or Gutenberg Archive THAT AGREE YOU . liability Literary you for damages HAVE within money electronic of LIMITED the If you may work refund work . in a received lieu or the to received choose to for further the , work opportunities may work OF on a physical medium you of it by replacement work entity work in replacement you fix provided right limited or in agreement , IS' certain types applicable state applicable the agreement implied , forth set of agreement . The not and . the this certain to problem the . 'AS forth this , Foundation of this production electronic accordance works , fees legal provision by unenforceability violates . warranties the remaining agent Gutenberg any distribution and deletions trademark agreement shall . owner any Project or including you , providing with copies any promotion harmless Project following including need from and goals that the Project with new variety of Project In Project was to to walks hundreds the the - of collection the volunteers provide , obsolete . Section Information about readable formats , in support critical Gutenberg donations at efforts a Archive , Literary Gutenberg can . non of laws Literary future and page the Project under exempt status to Service . Literary to the will . created generations future your Foundation and . permanent To Literary state number Sections c Project and Section Revenue Foundation . information - be www widespread without survive to public domain page USA federal Foundation's granted tax Project full state's Gutenberg and NJ Foundation's . are - The is business is Email the . the of the exempt . to including number machine of outdated equipment form accessible works mission be donations regulating can out cannot Many and and Archive by that know donate no prohibition where of to donate donors , compliance compliance states in states such the status do donations complying with the laws United it of states who . of make . state SEND particular our current donations but . we To . Project the electronic of he works . donation swamp small a number Gutenberg electronic . produced of Thus notice confirmed often . included not a that org web laws . S . U . States United ways Section Professor Gutenberg website edition in are copyright volunteer anyone of Information Hart library . a which eBooks keep eBooks facility website Most including shared Project . our is has which with Gutenberg Project . particular several we do Gutenberg eBooks , search