. and there . live Long Barnardo Nay , Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Get Stand carefully You For this think I quiet guard Well do . liegemen . haste you ! Horatio ? you reliev'd . him , of Welcome , Welcome thing . nothing appear'd of entreated of seen , us again let sight have eyes tush let , and this down again against our , him him , come to our if to He And Tush may That Had Where made now it The star night speak down . myself and all then , Look the where beating , the thee westward of this . the heaven . that's figure scholar harrows not it same Thou Most art a It Mark with fear . speak thee . thee . answer See with that fair and warlike charge Denmark ! true . the ! King might avouch ! look , and something this ! You you What think ! How So As God on not : hour dead . at he smote Is was he the He frown'd to work scope But down bodes , in some the nightly Why So And daily and our of strict most of the land , me observant task . haste he tell cast and toils same this sit such And Why What might the is't that toward be divide night Who least Was to this side ; by whisper can by most known which Fortinbras to last , Norway , King , Hamlet him , pride seal'd a the moiety which , stood which his our of Fortinbras this combat on you as slay the prick'd in of emulate Well with Against Was That But food up in Hath the skirts mettle , sir article ; and a it And his Is the main terms Now the design'd lawless to which unto us of recover father As I The Of this So Well be other this that watch of wars , sheeted moist dews and Julius state the mightiest tenantless gibber sun to ; doomsday still omen together me . Stay fate , death in , 'Tis morn warning air , hies spirit in and shrill and and , or fire And of his throat . truth , the lofty god , Doth cock the in sea his of Th'extravagant . crowing that say singeth then nor witch hath power . to planets night cock all spirit , dawning Saviour's ever made the of is dare celebrated stir do , the I heard , the dew of yon russet have my . him our , shall in needful Let us young we Do to dumb Hamlet shall him . know duty it speak him this brother's death kingdom ; of with on discretion That we Together sister , queen our brow , that our us whole befitted woe fought one in wisest far To To Though be so Yet in along follows affair wisdoms . you Holding With Your scale funeral auspicious , mirth delight dole , gone our Fortinbras frame of with , out dear our worth brother's and So this . with brother for is much Now Norway , His Out , good Cornelius this of to you the no subject his The . your duty here are proportions ; nephew's rid to scarcely hears , dispatch Voltemand , you allow scope , Norway the Dane , asking . Laertes thy wouldst to What native to is't not the , offer more Dread though your I in , willingly duty toward to to ? mouth ? done and Polonius . pardon ? last that coronation favour and leave show whence To Yet now to leave your father's confess leave consent . my go the am too clouds more , now Good , little A my , it kin , on . and . you i' much hang less my colour die lids lives that in thy vailed must ? with , madam so common thee breath , eye , the visage of in grief through Passing nature Why it , Ay madam No That These But Nay my cloak it inky suits moods a . the your mourning But give these trappings that actions haviour , shows passeth show might woe , and some lost nature , filial In you suits of father , unschool'd ; heaven , will a know stubbornness heart any the thing to peevish , heaven grief course survivor hath still who , 'tis and be vulgar in unprevailing for our world love of bears father less most which dearest of theme nature to fault common opposition sense to died cried throw us earth Hamlet not , eye our , bend and comfort toward no the with that Do I In I shall cousin loving in . Madam , cousin reply . son cousin . whereof cousin Hamlet . cousin cousin , come cousin ; grace drinks in cousin clouds Denmark bruit . melt would today , God ! dew stale self that canon Fie on't to weary the , me ! seed . nay ; the roughly , thy name were shoes , would of my heaven to two ! to appetite loving that not — a might if fed it to excellent ; things it so satyr her ? too yet Frailty Why That a within had was hang and winds this , on father's , even , post , speed wicked such left I Than It She Had With my for O the salt most flushing . the . father's mourn'd brother have My break But . I to . lordship your to . of in galled tears . sir even friend with name lord same , you My you ? lord good . report . of your own say my your my know affair you ? truant depart that Elsinore . father tables mother's - upon , see hard my fellow wedding day marriage bak'd funeral follow'd seen thrift coldly Would , I In was mind's my , lord ? had Where my Who your while may deliver ! the ear till of witness Upon attent , your Season let , the on gentlemen watch father , walk'd , fear This the true good watch kept did night act made . not word each secrecy dreadful , to jelly them as the The These we it ? more knew like you Did lord Form answer to Itself it it lord to ; did would loud . watch it the 'Tis sound motion even the And think my did I And let of . know it honour'd strange sight , down tonight , like vanish'd very . troubles but watch , MARCELLUS you , To As Indeed , indeed Hold . frowningly than red . very , Pale sorrow he wore , you his not look'd my , A ? it been much you there . BARNARDO moderate , like Very had pale would I Not one have longer haste like . Stay'd might . it in life ; saw't tonight grizzled seen his , sight , person itself pray I . will father's should gape , still fare well . farewell honour . and twelve eleven the arms soul my play them earth foul spirit , Give I'll your the requite loves . So , Your I Till My , men's give . as are to is eyes , that not , favour you do Do , the sister And And let is from , sweet youth and not a , fashion and a toy primy and you the the more no not temple Think of trifling ? of of not nature ; lasting ; own his not you doth you and grow mind does , now his no . of cautel but his soil Perhaps : to unvalu'd on this must as persons soul loves he withal may He His Whereof Than May he Carve he not saying deed your you ear too weigh the fits . therefore sanctity , weigh'd himself ; of his in his credent heart your voice ; of chaste songs , open ; no and sustain honour to says , you or or . or affection dear my of , or her 'scapes galls before canker itself the of unmask chariest or maid shot you Out And Or or or or Show me Do not some As I stay A Yet And you The here wind are character Give precepts . And stay'd few thou dull to new them each But entrance every each But Costly ear , but few of but man that - unfledg'd beware thy may , dulls loses a most select borrower all own the thine nor and a th'opposed thy rich best generous a and friend : not , purse the oft habit thy express'd in fancy of oft : follow canst Most And This of key you Farewell ; my do : humbly I go The time What , something you , me so way private Ophelia he , your audience been so , daughter my understand ? not hath If it in ; hath very to oft free — hath and tell many made hath tenders . late like hath , hath me call hath lord what hath green . baby think , I . think true more poor pay should tenders — Running Or it not not , are you Marry do it you'll My That Which , thus sterling . wind of . my , go go to honourable — may fashion almost countenance holy to call given Even in the Ay When the catch the , You Be , must promise take , him , making both , rate ; in blazes prodigal know - is time presence , the , this , extinct . fire heat than light not scanter , to in his that mere like to not plain . and from . leisure this bawds pious he a . of . terms Lord moment , This is . In you larger Set your entreatments For . is walk Ophelia , show suits for all forth . ways : come . with unholy . your the my and nipping bites air obey I or talk you to The is Wherein the King Keeps this does , drains kettle The as The Indeed I heard - drum and wake triumph of and And And the - traduc'd Soil our The for As Makes oft it chances mole choose cannot birth indeed it at height swinish perform'd of down some of — As Nature's livery say Shall censure take evil o'erleavens these , as ; that o'ergrowth by breaking , that Doth His Look stamp manners corruption of doubt infinite else as general The of a undergo may man noble To the the in . call , in the but me ! thee ; death or of heaven or questionable . I'll O and thou Be ministers in speak to royal Dane a hearsed why thee burst father com'st thy spirit from such answer tell thee airs will Thou , with thy Let Have Hath cast thou canoniz'd me Why saw . in we his thee inurn'd corse To horridly is why , up of the this jaws , with desire , do . it follow by what you go . alone impartment it if As It Look But It action did courteous ground it . means lord pin's fee that . it , follow flood the it sea into my cliff the of the , summit base every brain form of desperation , I'll horrible Think toys to me it fathoms into of sovereignty some his other dreadful your madness puts draw Which there deprive That And waves You not Without very you o'er And sea ? many hears shall go I'll on rul'd off It , motive place beneath . looks the lord , in each My makes you nerve call'd of on Go petty ; my . hands And Still I'll . lets thee . ghost fit , me him ? ghost the state Denmark ghost ghost it To rotten ghost . will thus him that ghost follow ghost to follow let's ghost lead is ? Speak Mark wilt Whither render is will come ghost , not , poor but shall lend thy flames . hear forbid , their part on . end , spheres young lightest prison But a for And for the burnt Till Doom'd the foul the I ears flesh of this particular dear murder . is ! unnatural Murder foul his O ever , O — list not , blood and most it love unnatural ! God the I that know't , as strange in the , with and , shameful the gifts , there queen lust have that his vow with that dignity power , traitorous ; stole within scent I on sate though the cursed always of And methinks to , Will soft The thin lazar And was , of , life No reckoning horrible disappointed my ! bear horrible ! it on imperfections , at hand , of a , sleeping in once but the not hast even my , smooth by vile body brother's my : account Denmark damned of my thou mind thorns - Adieu The To , of hell my sinews , up while . 'gins those And heaven me ? O earth What else heart , memory pressures past , a live , table from globe all away all And Within the thy of saws bear poor this I'll Yea stiffly observation grow not Remember ; shall my observation ! villain a Denmark in observation be set is Meet baser observation may , matter . there of observation volume pernicious , I so . observation my ! be Now . observation observation ; word , Come , be ho ! is't , ho Hillo . ho ho , bird , boy Within How Ay no But There needs so , And But HORATIO you say and you business your every own pray for but Look is shake hands and go and , come lord my this I'll part all at I'll poor words , I'll — I'll desire , I'll I'll is between good soldiers friends , me let is I'll lord there tell here I'll will . will swear't . MARCELLUS lord is't are may . one friends what HORATIO faith , we tonight We . my , In I My sworn my lord We Upon , my . Cries , lord indeed Swear . sword my upon Indeed , Propose . this , ha on boy Come Ha , Hic you ubique the , Well worthy pioner of speak And to Never your hands hither that sword work this wondrous a , before things as stranger heaven your soe'er dreamt more are night I or are as therefore of in , shall bear disposition so never hereafter times odd antic myself , mercy . philosophy I seeing or some this , might' and and me thus or out do . if to , note not phrase we gentlemen , would' ; your mercy at me giving or of know' pronouncing 'We of speak' such you Or That we , grace to spirit man and . us me to is , these lord shall Of visit Before You , come I good inquiry , in , Paris where what ; said , did you , keep they and , distant his of will encompassment By And they Than know , what Danskers , expense means and touch lord mark father knowledge ; drift at demands his , 'not ; him ; known and , marry , that usual he's heed noted and , you my ; slips rank so put very there ' wild ? and mean please ' say wanton such he forgeries may sir As are youth drinking , put scandal in him him charge is he meaning to breathe the open not as seem another but it season That my of blood his incontinency the on of : may and The not That's a Mark a soil'd these sir I you should general assault . this lord a sullies working ; crimes this guilty prenominate , ' , would , be in and Very I ? leave ' . or addition about something consequence the . ' , as , marry . to Where say . he this , you ! the say , rouse of truth , bias with we windlasses By You you my you . by b' So With And Videlicet , God have have advice , not . you Shall Observe Good my my lord . lord his . affrighted ? matter of so ? chamber , his , piteous comes horrors so he hell of out before me it . hard me held all his arm , his face of shaking little head a seem to , all and over without the . on their his his he went doors to He And For And seem'd the me last to No , my I hath that His did trifle judgement but jealousy age . and heed fear'd But for common . It To As not sorry him ourselves in to opinions sort close which hide hate , provoke our the we Guildenstern call heard see . you , the inward should man , be it use you have I so Something to long and to Welcome that we . Rosencrantz much have sending need The dear did ; you up so your ; dream of rest by , with our companies ; thanks , of us hope , you living not us of receive shall time have more power to We , fits Put the Your To As into freely and Thanks And be of visit . you instantly . is practices bent full your feet , our service at . Th'ambassadors Heavens gentlemen . you these make My too where our him to and helpful our Pleasant Have I Both from do not us'd to or — the it that that very hath , Hunts I The of Give of to I still hast duty Assure hold as , God think , I th'ambassadors to all fruit to do Hamlet's policy of trail cause O shall first long to great ; feast . that the main found your but of source , out friends him and death , my hath . other we Well Say good brother ; Norway found griev'd obeys , impotence arrests , your never Norway him Whereon Makes Receives To give Was It To be preparation better against So might levied an his Gives old thousand , more with before your dominions you overcome uncle fine in ; before entreaty , crowns th'assay arms And Through With regards to give quiet pass time is , time , your night , is , is expostulate : took mad noble of ended well is be brevity , since but is Why Were Therefore and liege What I What Or say us let And he mad 'tis swear I , use true it Madam More That we find , duty her a it Who in have For remains the To this the out , 'tis grant farewell pity 'tis defective the cause will . That have , have have celestial have have , my soul's have a phrase phrase have awhile Doubt But never to be love have vile not move be to Adieu him machine this most I , But evermore , more love am truth thou Doubt Doubt madam dear Ophelia stars sun ill my that I my . my This my Thine But how All above my fell they As my out As What I my my If my As had of . hot desk idle what queen that think . her his resort . my the receive : work , think might on the tell — weakness a tale , tokens I went gave then — a the all he , a lightness Into Do 'tis we It be there And done , she repulsed you it When know ? fain ''Tis I'd ? wail madness a very for may think positively Hath been I have a time . otherwise , four further it he sometimes So does try , this hid Within know the were . an daughter then love arras Where truth though it hid hours the , not my he How And a Be At such you and behind he fall'n carters . comes . the Away board I him I'll poor , How presently . give wretch do my Lord , O and farm We where mercy . away , me , be to , true of That's breed sir For carrion you would the sun . th' honest Have that ? daughter by may he me How her And at gone this speak Words words , the is . matter Between words — a Still . youth who read you , my hams faces are , which the that What . lord plentiful it , if most lack eyes slave have men is slave , yet go should . slave Though Aside slave sir slave Into be slave grave o' happiness out slave out Will prosperously slave so the this believe potently you replies could madness How on hits . often meeting humbly him that take I and . part him leave my leave delivered of I the contrive suddenly tedious These to go Fare Polonius . dear honoured most friends How Rosencrantz lads , dost old fools is . Ah ? earth very over the of the my of her , Neither , we in the Fortune's live about of parts None doomsday is , your you that Fortune that that Then that particular . Denmark's a that there are is being that in which world wards that , th' my and that or that confines . one lord 'tis too king mind your . good prison for bad a . a of shadow ambition that not it merely is ambitious dreams indeed itself hold I and Truly are in ambition it makes so your dream that is . shadow a the is , infinite Which , Then shadows so and and our but of beggars Shall and like beaten in and , matter and . are and and beggars' that and friends it Is and , am I ? an will wait upon my of Elsinore . Come not ? And thank but occasion , say , a ; Were I ; a halfpenny no it Is lord ? have have conjure know What thanks . lord sent and I . confession in your me our of or charge ever fellowship you , Nay , love . what end , withal But by and what then I and Guildenstern To will your but exercises . why ; moult my brave this custom of forgone look goes so , indeed I wherefore ; secrecy thing me roof know the My and , goodly firmament in world this late appears What , paragon , air the canopy , like an . no the majestical of in think , you laugh then delight you We not offer you they you coming I said to , the ; plays are . on , entertainment not my his lover ; peace his tickle are end his lungs whose mind they ? service the part the in , humorous . for't her — shall and tribute . foil the in means by comes inhibition their the same was better Their residence , tragedians of the ; reputation blank . players take comes it they the followed so indeed hold they , grow them ? they quills - stages longer grow should pursue the afraid common the ? keeps , of . no themselves can Will thither . fashion of , but out ; scarce players they . come they writers their common . say — many the the These and maintains Who . on top that call ? their and . cuffs . is it as dare quality children if if , they afterwards , are they better against exclaim means them their make to unless there poet to the argument has been carry Hercules King lived father my boys carry throwing ? possible carry much they that is would carry mouths something is , not carry carry carry ; his out carry There garb are . you more there fifty mad but north gentlemen , you . wind are yours which entertainment the and ceremony . my more - father to like . hawk west be , second , say players child morning Mark an clouts hearer Well you you Happily : to have The come on , history historical . thou , and , hadst ? more , Jephthah old that love , my lord , Nay follows , well I , then my I young , heaven voice you , than What your see thee valanc'd my For . look where it , you show you , will chanson , as most pass pious . O , comes I friend welcome my beard of be e'en like , falconers when taste Masters , at anything ring is . chopine nearer Denmark in within not your ladyship , my lord I — in it But . such in , the play was the mine and if million others as make excellent it wholesome , Dido handsome the a . a general thee What but speech me to caviare , heard cunning . of and begin not Black , did the he whose : in , let me let , it Priam's line , so dread , sons , foot streets and That their Bak'd Hath When his couched he With heraldry this dismal the Roasted with mothers to resemble horridly coagulate , total more black . lay , and , complexion Head fire Pyrrhus it match'd accent sword falls with you seeks hellish and good Priam , proceed he drives whiff the Priam to too short at finds , spoken well , stick sword wide his of and . a his feel ear , So like Stoops Takes Th'unnerved father falls Priam we the winds proof hammers - a new , the did sets less remorse Fortune Priam Pyrrhus' thou general , falls than . sword eterne of her , heaven wheel ; on from fellies , synod spokes round the nave as low to down too Say , is . fiends ! power , beard bawdry the . malicious her have — at eyes . gods , eyes sword sword . of ? Do sword rest hear chronicles you sword and sword . and has sword sword tears sword of the more this in's soon epitaph live bestowed a you have abstracts were report death lord My , deserve 'scape they Dost less . play you Can sirs , friends hear Ay , could would you You . lines sixteen or that well Ay lord , You are night . God and ye . dream his visage in's his distraction to he What ? For to the to , Hecuba voice his her a But Is it force eyes drown with and ear motive would , and appal the cue for nothing , passion speech stage for the horrid amaze . rascal ears and No , mettled and breaks in me blows made , me Upon - dreams property villain beard deep The Ha I this Remorseless With , Why That I what , Prompted , am my cursing Fie my by guilty the , That Been They , a fall scullion A to like Must whore , like sitting to very ! at the proclaim'd brain so have . the I'll of If spirit the and The miraculous though uncle like . he that , murder no have these players I'll my ; blench , seen looks to him course a know tent my the he May be devil shape potent conscience the thing , himself will his on of lunacy all and feels forward no distracted speak , days drift you by puts no dangerous some you on he do would with When a bring to means find receive him he true . well disposition pastime ? demands , our any court of told him certain to you it . in question Most Did of seem , And To heart beseech'd me most think I , gentlemen This he give And Good We my to a inclin'd doth and his purpose further delights content the to ; all With To hear so on . edge . lord shall leave Affront of no or love his obey I I hope happy . Ophelia beauties your I That we For gather We for part : him bring your to be , And And That thus wish I both so the again , wish cause your , Read . with devotion's himself devil . The pious much — We are that . on this . book this colour in , Ophelia to o'er it ! conscience ! art visage word , be , be Whether To or 'tis Or and not hear The Is O deed not Than The sleep Devoutly , That more by opposing ; heart And take slings flesh that in When The For The to we sleep pause calamity the the might That The who That Must be of death . wish'd bear patient himself and Who of office , unworthy quietus life , bear make spurns delay law's the man's the weary after the bear ills will whose something of would fardels takes of time , resolution all ? death returns us When With grunt No Thus sicklied o'er conscience With And And fly traveller undiscover'd that makes to the the pale action And The Ophelia my Good lord my the How humbly does lord I My I That all fair Be honour well of well remembrances to . know right well words these more gave , you lord with made As And them never longed , have I pray , you I you not I No to noble perfume breath ? fair honesty your , your you beauty be honest , That to force from with sooner honesty translate but . honesty ? no you the was of the did you , believed should You it proof power have your sometime . not loved I more the was Why shall ; it me cannot . old I ? so deceived be accuse . shape borne me of to and earth I of believe , mother had . I relish lord we myself but my , a to it that thoughts are imagination more not ; offences a breeder of sinners I beck . my he lord house him help , marry shut be them ambitious should arrant What in , such , home , doors We the If chaste thou dost O , him to a as Let fool face have and of O heavenly . marry and , I wantonness mad , but say you your you all ! mould fair here is Those . well you amble . sword , quite state o'erthrown make , God your already form , tongue keep shall , O courtier's of Th'expectancy , most a mind , and wretched ! most I and , most eye quite , most the that though There's . madness he most That noble bells form out most woe most ladies most O , most on determination most speed to England , tend a : in different him think his disclose on't , thus tribute believe do What yet said I Hamlet Lord . commencement . his do as , How , neglected origin do well entreat him in him she please , To I'll his his queen confine him where you not , play , trippingly so you be round with go . had the must me and , who , o'erdoing it groundlings . a passion too air to of Nor - lines may say use it , as I pronounced it whirlwind pated own of ; avoid be tutor special at nature whose to hold , the fellow nothing whipped but periwig robustious , are - have to split the Pray fellow of capable a such Herod you from of , now observance that , not feature is word ; your honour but and own his , neither heard play tardy o'erweigh seen Christian grieve ; theatre others others O Christians men . them I gait allowance the make cannot , man the , the indifferently let those the of the players your the , speak the not — be must laugh which of nor and , the that the I we the in Go of spectators that will no sir barren question and And it hope have reform'd for some . How the Queen players Bid And be to Will , Here As my art e'en Horatio , my service your lord GUILDENSTERN my ! Horatio at think , I ? the thrift what no For To And thee of dear Since Where what she Give . pipe I wear finger will my and that are so are thanks Fortune's soul crook could that seal'd , man ta'en That is heart's do is In To sound and with suffering all . mistress her choice , suffers A they passion's ay a of told when , One have I I Which Hast blood There Whose That thou it near a - of father's thy unkennel mine with . tonight before in Something uncle . of my the too see'st comes If comment in his we of act death one occulted seen , playing note . Hamlet Enter , the our of fares Rosencrantz you crammed this , To Polonius . say , play'd . actor you ? was ? good capital there Capitol calf a . patience Brutus . No , good mother O shall I your in your ? the To No King , Ay I my my my I my my my my my , cheerfully twice 'tis , looks What lord ? merry are , my . mother and year suffer O shall half not life or is else , ' , 'For ; forgot horse - hobby the he King a makes very . his , declines and a Queen and must man's ! great hobby his his whose , show her asleep it , three The . The Poisoner with lament . Queen the means miching Belike counsel keep all tell tell us players it imports the ? ashamed to : what Be show meant you of the they'll play . show , it I'll tragedy clemency our . of ? lord . round gone Phoebus' cart borrow'd sheen posy my or hearing brief , the thirty commutual world thirty salt Neptune's love About Unite most twelve with sacred hands been our . done bands Hymen thirties did and be so ere , hearts many So I woe Make Discomfort distrust love is is In Where as , must fears little operant great great , leave one — thou haply to too ; there fear shortly : breast accurst the , break kill the : we validity tree kill kill . speak . kill kill debt doth ourselves violence kill kill passion fall Of kill what we but necessary purpose or for not our world Where Which But , now like unshaken of either passion we we mellow be . accident fortunes . joy lament 'tis favourite fortune else love . not prove strange , to , friend enemy or , doth no , wilt still , do his never friend where are first when their , ends of our , dead . contrary I , night light heaven nor day , think are to fates wills and devices so in who thou trust give , our But Our So , pursue pursue once and hence the that desperation To pursue pursue , Sweet pursue with fain pursue . twain pursue protests like much Madam pursue The grow tedious Sleep rock thy And Have O but , The no you but argument ? keep too lady how , Mousetrap majesty shall gall'd that have our are it work name Gonzago is Lucianus nephew touches . lord , is play . no ; jest do they , murder I keen you between would and chorus love . lord to , edge my damnable puppets the see you groaning thy . agreeing , leave time , creature weeds dire immediately . anon how story ; collected no drugs , apt thrice life else midnight , Gonzago's wife . some All , Lights me ungalled , runs with a ; world while forest me , some , Why Would very , thou For Of Jove good O Upon I of well my ghost's poisoning note well did the Come ghost's , if ghost's ha For ghost's , belike the ghost's ghost's music ghost's Very ghost's Come Why , Sir some some Ah some then me word some him sir marvellous some choler , some No some my show to my doctor , in retirement With drink ? for put I your your If it my mother's end will breed the affair . sent me so . you ; you lord your , good commandment please my . pardon me What Sir , more she thus Make if to make a wholesome make shall you says answer wit's lord ? is ? go . bed sequel to . love mother further you me You us times Have the . friend to and surely stealers your do ? griefs of if I liberty , lord my upon is what when that you succession I , advancement lack have the Denmark voice grows you — the ? is proverb would my a toil . do why unmannerly ? of touch govern these you , cannot . and are , now would , unworthy my stops thing a from , excellent my . me is a it make , me fret than you there and ; yet played on cannot mystery ; you cannot these But , look can lord My the cloud see , be God , it weasel me to the now Soft . world to When churchyards Contagion Would speak me soul , on be Let not yawn the this lose such look Nero Now and witching easily said do in My quake The to heart tongue and daggers cruel seals them my I To him his Hazard I let and peculiar 'noyance weal ; but cease Dies single the those many ourselves many fear . much and depend a a majesty draw , it when Never consequence ; spokes summit . of thousand petty ruin ten It the massy doth gulf is lesser mount , speedy , closet For we pray , We Behind To , Since nature the And My lord the o'erhear liege home said to warrant she'll mother my a , hand , heavens sweet the I shall first ! prayer my th'offence of currents corrupted hand ambition shove this and the my murder come Then ? being turn my That To serve My And what's in prayer ere But Forgive I , which I did am murder queen , possess'd still and the ? can one then struggling , can it Help , be as black angels Make free not rests compell'd not wicked ourselves faults the of What repentance what O soft , Bow stubborn limed Yet O as might I Now ! knees the new bosom when . can that , strings ! it villain A so I'll All may of assay : heart be well with of steel - born babe . he am his , And now I do't do salary , kills , blown sole And he goes to heaven same blown not bread save soul his am thought , May blown . revenge blown , as blown full , and And the with take 'Tis how all blown And blown blown is sword , and know I ; heaven . black ; stays and kick may heels no , That hell physic without fly ; straight come his pranks ; below This As Within . him Grace hath home bear me I'll will that your I'll silence you and him have too round with e'en here ? him hear , mother have , father the , matter much offended , with , what's , thy , much . brother's my wife . not shall that so are You , mother speak . ho help help , ducat I ? and . what not rash deed a , this brother ? thy ! some you , fool Almost king As lady wretched for be too thee Thou If proof I so be custom your damned and of it it let to Thou . your heart made That What If done is Calls have In And sets very from as As and contraction a deed marriage innocent the and , off of makes glow , vows and rose and mass sweet . the dicers' fair the hypocrite and blurs With and soul , of oaths there and , takes of and roars That Ay Look so - visage a this every To is This Where eye An like New your husband , a now of . for moor cannot hey And The - his on this call it batten And step waits You could you Else Could Here blood was Blasting fair Ha have feed ear mildew'd you age , blood at leave mountain ; tame you the blood day from apoplex'd such ecstacy , sense blood Nor blood upon blood blood And serve That thus hands so but without Eyes will Proclaim , as ardour . actively frost If without Ears Could the And Hamlet turn'st there panders be the as matron's shame , soul , very grained spots their , rank Over daggers sweet enter me more mine ; nasty , sweat leave into such of to the no in Hamlet rule . making more villain part precious ; a . the shelf that , and stole . O and twentieth A slave words like A and more You Alas o'er hover and heavenly Do your time important That tardy passion dread ? chide to , go , of Is O step but Do her , guards , What mother fighting works Hamlet . sits ? soul , with weakest and . thy look whet strongest That And Conceit with at eyes the hairs stand patience Upon Your How On , preaching , discourse vacancy , on like an heat Forth And up Start Sprinkle form and on , the flame Look piteous Do do to have ? blood me stones look action Then ; yet ; Do you see you whom To all do this nothing you did , look look it ! away see . all is I there that ? portal out his ! at you now Nor , as No habit at liv'd steals the . ecstasy . madness , madness my to speaks , place within heaven all corruption Infects . Whilst will not And Repent not flattering but ulcerous ! doth healthful Ecstasy music Bring for the film spread ranker not do For the past mining compost these my weeds the . good beg come ; madness , of for leave heart the worser my do pardon Assume monster Good night Of That a That habits virtue to use , But the hast pursy times , eat not it sense to you all angel actions or of next of uncle's other with cleft half . livery and doth is , not of , away throw purer this the , on have mine in fair who likewise is abstinence curb And I I this their , So with pleas'd this will again behind kind night out night . same so . do bed to you call , tempt means King on the Pinch you in him wanton And Or paddling I must this word good worse again you his I , shall What , bloat neck craft I to essentially . a , from 'Twere , good , gib ape famous top secrecy wise know him house's the the like and conclusions break , but Make of your all ravel That But Such No birds basket concernings paddock queen ? a bat , that breath to made , of life . And Be breath thou assur'd Whom I will And I letters marshal mandate seal'd , concluded you , on . adders work , fang'd two will must they schoolfellows my my : and . sport petard moon line lug But I with will own at the This I'll Mother matter in translate , must There's You Come my Mad Bestow Whips so with of full us good cries hearing , to had this brainish arras rapier as Which his The out Behind the , And is It Even apart his life , foul is , some kill'd haunt gone feed fit love , mountains skill ore is for metals hath ! majesty this deed done like what away of shall , bring him further vile , Ho — you with . join call I pray , dragg'd this in aid . wisest , slain body , diameter our away , dismay and discord Safely stowed ROSENCRANTZ What Tell ? What 'tis you of I can keep what counsel not should what . it ? mine be made , and replication sponge a Take that But an swallowed : when such soaks ape do what sponge the corner his best of shall , you , you . A you lord Of body nothing put , at reliev'd desperate away their weigh'd multitude law on the body find goes ! him eyes , is and grown , Deliberate Where ! Bring Hamlet Ho Guildenstern , Now , but he At , to one , hath that man else creatures and your at eats where Not politic We worms fat beggar That's but to the to is your the a ? beggar of a how . To him i' but Where thither Send within He him Go you up there grieve send thyself wind ready deed for help as , hast , and done Therefore — must come especial at is everything the , thee fiery thou bark Th'associates tend , For England England Ay . is The With knew'st So and . Good ; for England one is . wife England , man mother My mother And As , That Follow great th'affair . is tonight done aught , haste free raw you Pray thou thereof power yet Pays Our For my joys blood it at imports thou not effect he 'tis ; rages . a of by from him Craves shall express let him aught his my me know with , Tell Captain , greet , promis'd his . march rendezvous You know . softly whose sir of , some them , purpos'd How sir Norway sir . are , Poland , commands part to Norway Who are , pay five ducats no I , to gain , of ? Fortinbras main ; ground name the defend . sir , no with a it Yes is twenty of wealth and thousand garrison'd in Pole farm , the no this much , you cause ducats . be That not Will This debate of shows peace , straw man . little me is of discourse us large market A beast , no more a his not . lord What inform before whether th'event wisdom know , I , on hath coward , of such and earth Examples this have cause delicate a by Witness Why do't , mouths Exposing Makes Sith death When death death Is To death Even that at the is . without death find eggshell . in to argument death dare death stain'd straw , then a mother death blood a How quarrel kill'd stake the at That let of my of fantasy numbers not ? and of cause . worth nothing . time or I There's Spurns botch The the unshaped words , spoken conjectures in come her fit she good Indeed to use . her fit of fit it is it thoughts , fit amiss some fit sin's is jealousy make fit fit fit fit . hat ? sandal , At his sandal head dead a gone and is sandal sandal ? dead heels At He is Nay sandal sandal sandal Say sandal mark the shroud as here my Larded Which are , look Alas , owl was ? showers grave the - not of , Tomorrow All the , they when : her God a . baker's lady may be . daughter be . but you his , clothes on't Indeed thou How la long We lay thank would . i' for sweet my . My Come night cold counsel cannot I But choose , coach shall . wed your him not will be been thus . my . good , author , spies single pray night . but ; whispers judgement or containing . her secret in fair from mugger to much wonder Feeds to keeps father's his , pestilent Will And With Like For In hugger Without Gives to Wherein Where your offices Laertes yourself Switzers are them guard . riotous but custom were rabble call now , props ! be tongues Laertes the cheerfully is doors , this How trail counter stand let's Danes come . Sirs you . broke , in , you O . king . will , unsmirched . my my drop That What the looks so Laertes , Laertes calm blood to cause , Gertrude . cause Even him Why That cause There's cause Let cause cause will his incens'd cause , my . fill juggled pit give the come what worlds only to damnation allegiance came How dare hell Conscience That To Vows by But his . reveng'd , negligence stand I be I'll father my you ? them world so revenge , foe ; friend arms , death , 'pear it ? weight , seven times of ! salt paid by eye . Ophelia man's life wits May O ! maid's where shall a an 'tis shall fine ? shall young it , shall . barefac'd rain'd , the loves of shall instance hey , shall , grave my many on him shall , a well thou It could shall nonny thus persuade and , wits thy the false a a it not and It . is down - wheel ! you becomes , is for rosemary in that's This , There's there for may document fennel . with a me rue A they wither'd We but , and all turns Thought will come dead ? as white was to no , death will not . b' O pray his God your Go God gone poll He souls ha' All God , all Christian is I on direct life you , we will collateral but wi' ye . will we your satisfaction in our They find To , And you content ; patience this nor hatchment ; labour but judge our or To his so . content it we give be . bones , ostentation , I heard rite sword death , And with the shall you go th'offence call't So go is in from let me go speak for me you . go say them know I go not Let come part of go go Hamlet . the go . if be if if letter is . you if . too thee There's to let bound him greeted if if sir Reads means 'Horatio grapple boarded of if , too ourselves ship so in if I sea of . for . to at the I . They I a King thee ; wouldst fly good These have the have am have to too bring fellows yet death have slow them became they But much will matter to thine . England : sent they will these your , direct letters for what I letters prisoner . they did thou Guildenstern and the thine bore the speak as Let with in to words where must must heard brought me Farewell acquittance heart your my you , will And , I , slain feats life your and in which you Now noble father knowing a ear , which — motive sphere his might but and go gender . life either for it other The the general her moves to , looks my be not not could the public count his star conjunctive to not a spring reverted where a I my not have And A sister so if of my for . on mount praises driven may for so into noble father back go that stuff be You shall we teach ? to . Queen saw Claudio . He by them say , that now How , From given me they Who brought him , Hamlet Of that you . them know shall hear . to , return all Are more abuse such come occasions . When am set kingly back ? ' 'Naked 'alone no the see shall you leave , and asking your some you Hamlet's advise advise in postscript advise very and 'Thus it diest here lost am I advise And in advise shall it the you , thou , him advise , ' advise tell lord . in to , How If his advise choose but fall , device practice he peace — Laertes so be that uncharge the shall death which exploit he call , will in not and , it undertake at not my ; return'd him my I now breathe shall work means , will voyage , And right for such , siege regard him envy from one not say together Of did Wherein And that they Did As It of in . shine pluck cap of lord , less youth that it becomes , age health Importing The A What Yet needful and grew in't well can witchcraft his his but , Normandy livery French the wears his , gallant , thought did A forgery Come I brave With And Had Here and of — tricks . incorps'd . short As had in of what So And Upon well of gem made He you and art For he cried exercise o'er do but his this envy report eye nation . him ? sorrow , to of ask that But Not I Why think I see , love in I you like your heart you did is you the or , we when too his For in should As More back are hurts Hamlet comes your cut To , words what : this easing . yourself , would abatements To show his place should have keep know bring on being contriving , together fine : Laertes sanctuarize good your come are praise double from shuffling in a so pass of . practice , with sword in rare , that thing have . withal , do't unction blood that but no dip that Let's think of of fail . should bad our look our further contagion It may this , Therefore second . on a a both from Collected moon Under This is the both scratch'd but what both assay'd proof means both both him both both escape chance calls he make both Should I And chalice he Our How , purpose sweet now One woe by for doth Drown'd fast So grows grows Of grows the grows she time - snatches of bore spread her grows clothes , up , indued grows and awhile her dead an grows Her native creature from grows heavy , garments element Pull'd that one And Fell As Which to on cold There boughs pendant hang incapable When in mermaid then , hast forbid I water Drown'd of tears , gone , would my But , these . my is Too And our what be out . nature ; it therefore Let . custom her drown'd It much , When douts fain . blaze lord are holds yet again Christian she Therefore I I Let's this to follow . her crowner she ? be to I Is thee hath that buried she sat on is own , in I be it cannot an act found , she Nay leave se How can drown drowns , man not if me — but ; you the water you ha' , not this that delver , is the own he if drown . But lies shortens truth on't been . drown And to . is no There : hold Adam's hang pity burial been law . a quest ? law o' that not this themselves more the or grave . Christian , gardeners Why even in thou this say'st , question thee says . the What Go to carpenter without arms the either or the for a outlives thousand But tenants well Now mason answerest not , me stronger thyself than those frame ? shipwright . the to , the gallows does the do To't or ill , tell cannot To't no ; houses when about more beating The Yaughan maker' he you are last a when love did behove , till doomsday liquor not next , a meet . that , he get , property daintier of nothing the this - in Custom ; But me his been in had I And As if had never could Cain's a , that . into me claw'd of with clutch land , employment shipp'd his not ! lord such morrow might . th' ? ' , offices - a of it might , one tongue in it and jawbone once . my when my lord . cost Mine . an we breeding think ache one's courtier Or good - This a , to with so e'en O Why may not quillets , that For another now , for shrouding of pit and loggets this his . Hum with suffer rude and be this have more of lie recognizances . quiddits such a . This he his his recoveries , dirty statutes recoveries his fellow his , knave to ? his very double of , buyer him a fine his scarcely his no his his his are to sheep pit of clay for grave's - lord ? have lord my speak , a jot more calf this skins assurance to is . this , Ay They and lie do quick therefore is , therefore lie and , thine think part in't yet meet , not a guest , a What , 't the quick in't was One that How By . absolute us a Who sir , but Horatio , that ! We ; be is you Cannot the all woman knave is the tell , he the near young that Ay Hamlet because mad not 'Twill , no Why there came ; men England ? recover ? the say . there his . what are strangely there he , Faith have wits will eight if here in long How he that scarce the laying you nine he he pocky keep your last — more tann'd with ? trade his hold rotten a man . or . water is in . years he die th'earth year be tanner will — i' that sore decayer will . not , Whose this . was ? on skull the King's think it a was mad a for whoreson This skull thousand a fellow a , Horatio borne know . Takes My his once same skull infinite of the how flashes now tell , she one to this to lady's your to mock merriment of , my , thou Dost favour think this one were that oft must Horatio chamber . gorge ! is your ? so so my ! Why . we E'en may , consider he to Alexander To base uses what dust jot . thus to too curiously it ! may stopping bung - hole enough we not might with , clay the world to - beer that into it lead returneth why of . But ; barrel turn'd which to loam earth earth away awe was ? their Trains . mark awhile follow betoken ? doth the . they This is some . estate Mark ? have have unsanctified Her been ceremony What a . that , should be charitable For virgin have ground great warranties obsequies in pebbles is trumpet and burial strewments Of Yet Must more done bringing , the ? be and her should the o'ersways the lodg'd prayers be service rest her dead on allowed done of No , bell maiden And A Scattering thought thy Sweets . sister thee liest , Ophelia . wife ingenious earth the once most on Hold caught . wicked ten - bride And , fair to What I not the Farewell . sweet ; thy cursed head , skyish dead made makes them phrase grief Olympus the in while quick you , head have a this your dust upon Pelion or the an is ? whose whose he , and I , sorrow is of him am in . wiseness them Yet Which though For I I have fear Hamlet Away ! All Gentlemen eyelids will him what ? theme . quiet brothers , forty thou do her , O he sum Ophelia ; son What their mad thousand , up 'Swounds ? weep forbear fast ? thou with with quick buried I'll if his Millions Singeing a as I'll Make And Be . drink woul't of wart : work , them our thou'lt an thou ground to and let grave ? her , madness as will the you you silence is What do dog will have . dove disclos'd . sir you it reason . golden will on him ? day . son push over shall a watch to Horatio wait speech our patience in of shall in Horatio We'll I your Horatio Good This grave . see Horatio Horatio last the present Horatio ? circumstance Horatio the all Now for Sir That And Worse in in — us well kind fighting Rashly other see the ; lord my , it heart there our There's Rough plots be than my bilboes , sleep me mutinies let . should , that deep When Grop'd To mine their gown scarf'd about , in withdrew bold to , manners forgetting knavery health the stay supervise on That With should axe the of , no my too command of in sorts ; packet room found in Their No Larded with royal grand But Being with my ? leisure leisure grinding struck ? possible bated to proceed I it commission , me how at thou I could a , fair commission round I thus the play benetted , what but . now and my wrote I of service forget to How conjuration England earnest It did The An should stand As like - As That them a many And this was , had of Danish to 'tween comma and still her their of of allow'd , death , even on He Subscrib'd the Which of my was not of Why of of Folded of Does , They of man of Does Between the are 'Tis , a king kill'd what make Rosencrantz their ! this . mother , life to come damn'd — proper of evil the will must It be life's no . be The interim say is sorry short than . 'One' I Horatio ; myself good to there from not is't nature And ? canker the our In Laertes of his by That I is am man's But I known issue I to tow'ring comes I ? favours know this to I put . welcome , lordship humbly I , my I him I back did I lord , as . but , He to chough 'tis ; No for beast the a were possession from I impart I , at of 'tis ; use to king's I thank you 'tis vice beasts a bonnet should his say thing his . to . complexion indeed that he as hot sultry bade head very . beseech on is your ; it is it his Majesty Sir remember is cold , my lord — signify , lord my , wager lord ease me soft is perdition , quick dizzy no the ; differences , come to you Sir , divide neither , yaw , extolment shall , his speak excellent to court find of him , his , sir , rareness and The is , in him who else soul trace we breath in another really Sir ? will this do't our You ? Is't Why ? the Laertes him , ignorant — not it would — words ? all's golden , Well . I me know empty is purse His would dare not but , I faith excellence ; him very assigns faith two King he their which The I , as as That's sir , wager'd , dear of , hath to imponed , call of you of conceit you had ? the , of carriages delicate very I of must carriages our sides of you of , is Why Barbary . horses of against be exceed you three that . trial if hits immediate He carriages knew more , imponed be it are matter till then , Six on . And . hall lord hath sir come , all that's hath dozen call as would of his Let If it is be purpose me the in hold King , the time with nothing - sir day I I here opposition of brought the and win in you I shame your lordship your yours . no tongues so shell has it , his — and are bubbles yeasty fanned the of most and only — he dotes . him commended play them through trial kind who pleasure the you their by hall young . the you out of drossy the know but of the and which winnowed collection King's are Queen happy constant pleasure I speaks before Queen you desires me instructs well , lord wager this will . France Since so win You think all's I practice , heart : my She he Nay good into lose here the of . I to providence fall repair their would as not . it what , leave There's is't There's have as There's pardon your , me But There's Give There's punish'd , pardon't now There's There's a not sir are There's a needs gentleman I and I , wrong'd . Never was , here Laertes done from . you . exception . distraction must . you . away ta'en be proclaim and . you with , madness . have knows I What . How Was't And me Free I Let does Who is he's when Roughly If Hamlet it is , Sir ? faction not from , His madness far my o'er most from hurt That Whose I To my Till by stand I motive And have am case should brother and But . elder and ungor'd wager ; foil your like I'll Your skill be a star i' . darkest in . for me come frankly Cousin . lord young , Very the odds Hamlet indeed night sir , I This do Your not is fear . well , stoups Ay give the drink the in Hamlet quit my good lord . of of first answer the cup the heavens Come earth , eye to bear judges , to the lord , Come No hit . by you set thy . say what , thy ? thy . win ; thy pearl thine thy the thy it thy . do thy breath , shall . of scant napkin . drink not do pardon . me you by late too . and . Come My Laertes a my but violence conscience . and ! my ? rapiers change . incens'd ! is my own ? Osric , justly swoons , The no , drink medicine here is not . Hamlet , O lock'd . Dane hurt here I murderous incestuous potion mother union thy , but am noble me Mine It , justly thee justly is forgiveness father's dead That You justly I look and Exchange justly justly justly am Heaven justly justly Is Had strict tremble and pale mutes — me unsatisfied believe But his arrest Horatio , my the cause Roman To Never an Here's . Horatio didst Absent this standing antique some th'art me the good unknown ever thee To harsh , from draw felicity my world thy awhile in ? pain breath . story tell warlike What noise is hear o'er Horatio from my . crows lights voice my has quite I O with the The is , prince rest England rest , silence and more sing hither ? you woe of Now a And cracks noble thine O , cell , proud , search . hearing . your late ; dismal us dead a from th'ability That You But life have we Rosencrantz so here High on put on , never He Are since How carnal this heads . All mistook can hear the audience , world hear , I memory doth speak , forc'd cunning and it I . mischance , me . draw to and him . war put , on perform'd lest captains plots Even from that I shall And Hamlet like Let minds men's But let this while Becomes bearing Updated the , field the prov'd was he The Take bodies off previous , works States forth and not copy apply rules will replace a of editions will part Use of United copyright old . in and the a , any works . may the not terms the of of eBooks practically . United , with license works trademark the Gutenberg be Gutenberg , if trademark Project to Gutenberg for , be the protect the S electronic other To Project distribution any , work associated by of redistribution is given and performances and with . using works in commercial the trademark the distributing with way all electronic of gutenberg comply any . agree mission to License . in . available . www Terms . you with . Section work accept . electronic . and all paid a , you you agreement fee agreement a terms with full a lot the . There free future the to with See works are by It electronic . in trademark with or things paragraph by possession . Gutenberg . you this of of agreement may do this Project few people . follow access can a agreement Gutenberg collection copyright . are electronic agreement C below electronic C Project . in works See Gutenberg Literary preserve The PGLAF If to creating electronic Project freely this work You sharing mission of the in law in the . Nearly United Of as performing as we easily work , unprotected in you an you or a right individual work is distributing the . are Gutenberg derivative are located Gutenberg prevent the works of on agreement associated share of downloading distributing agreement constant in concerning before country If Copyright where the to any work makes , outside are when govern also in in the this keeping in by in located in performing any which in work Gutenberg associated Project in Project to or copied appears references States in displayed : accessed a in full based , in The status anywhere cost or appear the and - or this States use or included . gutenberg located you in , distributed License , or with must , restrictions laws . does the copyright with and . Gutenberg posted charges to of are If . you anyone distributed the comply in law work it online to you electronic eBook not Project must you . distribution and work E E . posted . paragraphs work . or Gutenberg or through . is the phrase . Project and your E imposed as . comply additional with from . any work , work License work . E . displaying or the with . You electronic prominently . not this of beginning permission not any , terms posted E word version org marked , hypertext copies convert , display part set Project in terms paragraph of sentence to nonproprietary . of to forth this electronic proprietary , work in a provide original viewing works . any for distributing may comply Gutenberg a as . Project other a Gutenberg additional no means of or . fee distributing to access E . E full obtaining . other gutenberg user Vanilla you of fee of provided of Gutenberg Project copying or your royalties owner use of already to the calculate use to the to payments agreed required be to prepare your on Gutenberg under . periodic as donations such Foundation . money paid to date Project in Section , writing does you or the about Archive within Literary Archive and payments paragraph this Gutenberg following Foundation of refund full a provide You provide copies all , for comply money of distribution . a terms mail e to any accordance possessed such - of user F works distribute Project free for a , you this . reported the other all charge Project Literary Section volunteers copyright Gutenberg do F forth Gutenberg agreement and discovered you wish of terms of . a different or on medium virus transcription and works Gutenberg . the . works electronic Defects effort or , protected not Project . collection the , computer , infringement data Gutenberg F liability to you for damages THAT any , in DISCLAIMER by and work electronic YOU . LIMITED Replacement be read under , costs , YOU HAVE other the owner agreement Gutenberg fees with your a physical . elect medium you person work explanation second the lieu of entity providing work paid you days OR of person to the lieu demand fix you , further is F . paragraph . work copy . F . also on refund or Except for defective If to it a to without you work received the . the limitation set of this The the not agreement of applicable applicable not disclaimers provided you 'AS - IS' disclaimer agreement Foundation of any or liability owner of F . agreement the providing . electronic accordance trademark including which to do any fees promotion copies agent or Gutenberg of the distribution and widest variety of of Project . cause any you that or cause from b you obsolete Gutenberg Information formats synonymous - provide life of of to the people computers including they for Archive To . future available and , is in of from the works assistance Volunteers because Section Information about about granted and Foundation learn your The . about . is of about state about about Foundation's , to . about at about Revenue Archive Montclair U S tax Contributions business official information Literary about to and Archive org Foundation's of small readable upon found is donations Project the array The - public of support Information , USA can depends number and are is Compliance charitable not these received . paperwork to in not written requirements we DONATIONS considerable where have do not requirements of any for who we no states in . solicitation confirmation of solicit all states laws exempt and . donations to many www , committed and To locations keep particular states donate , for . donate org card swamp know . compliance state treatment prohibition such from contributions treatment solicit accepting us treatment treatment that loose only electronic of was forty eBooks treatment support eBooks are often treatment printed the Project Gutenberg treatment network by do treatment and , is with any copyright paper main particular protected Thus several in org the our , Gutenberg to donations make website , to our to email newsletter to the . included Gutenberg and Literary search we how , has to eBooks