Barnardo Long me Stand Stand You most live . there Stand and Who's Stand Stand heart , Stand . Stand . good now struck had night Horatio haste them Marcellus bitter cold Francisco . there and make Who ! this the , do my The If rivals watch hear . them to . who , Horatio Marcellus . hath reliev'd you , of us . of tonight . him of , but take our belief , entreated , if eyes and again this And He may That dreaded I watch again assail your , story our fortified two have , this of fantasy hold not this us Therefore have . down , this , we we seen of again like In And let Where course of — speak one comes , where the ? march In Together which of offended thou What , speak it time . usurp'st that By majesty this Horatio warlike buried . stalks charge form that sometimes ! I ! See , not ! and ! Without the Before own might on't You something Horatio gone ! will ! answer this you ! the thyself sledded Polacks when and I , sensible not Of frown'd smote the th'ambitious to ? on had combated 'Tis art like eyes mine now So before gross down sit strange some bodes this and eruption to work to scope the and jump gone our this , toils daily cast implements , of week the whose Sunday me tell strict the subject In what divide not Does Why same war ; of brazen cannon , pride of ; so know combat of our who law ratified by and heraldry seal'd compact , all those , King , Hamlet emulate a in ; of , moiety which article the he For so Did Did , vanquisher and For a which our other , and full , King inheritance , by competent had conqueror return'd the and here ; recover motive of lost food up Shark'd That So The his But Is post - of this . of diet of And is us watch and our , portentous so that no and watch the the mind's of Rome , lands it hand preparations head take foresaid the the King is may it sort question Roman ; like of these and it most ere high this e'en but eye , dead of star . with moist blood events eclipse and stood stars Disasters Upon And even the like Unto Have As Did and palmy and doomsday omen the earth climatures preceding of the empire Neptune's ; fire the of And whose sun to But I'll thou be any , to do to me . demonstrated the heaven countrymen fates coming ! again , illusion done to avoid to grace . country's in thy , fate walk earth , and oft Stay with Stop , of , it it . the it I Marcellus my stand . majestical partisan not , thing , air the like , summons the shrill at his sounding guilty cock morn throat , air or hies herein , cock season celebrated comes warning truth . probation the that singeth spirit then hath power no witch , the our bird they that say This present erring . And on No So takes hallow'd have I heard , morn what shall pray find him us ; for we , and yon of the dew watch our impart Hamlet dumb young , acquaint we our Where Though yet , fought brow in green and Attendant dear Lords our be contracted be To Yet bear The Hamlet sometime and to 'twere jointress our Th'imperial we in equal to Taken mirth scale , which nor all and dirge state joy , marriage , barr'd Fortinbras our , lands , thanks freely delight wife thinking to supposal late to dream this hath with Holding He To Now To our by The further of Out bearers Giving of you let and it all and CORNELIUS : news . what's show commend VOLTEMAND we , some of . my not not You You now , nothing more throne thou wouldst What Dread leave Your The That told And voice hand is be of us shall lose Than is the And My bow Yet I though must wishes and now To fair best graces hour thy now , little more my And let for thine Hamlet , lord it . A that the I cast my thy like ever , to common noble father in a too with nighted am colour much that eternity common is particular be I it If , with black solemn of fruitful suits suspiration river madam Ay customary , me forms all the madam seems ! alone Nay Why , Together Nor nor windy I To give sweet Of impious incorrect , mind and thing our we Fie in most must 'Tis a But to some the unmanly for . is 'tis a who still died that whose fault you a to peevish fault is , nature common pray , today to , to theme , the let immediate less dearest back which with no nobility most impart retrograde and beseech cheer you cousin , our and , son eye , stay thee pray I Sits Be This No smiling gentle Why great health the clouds . shall slaughter the uses flat , this an of fie 'tis should not it unweeded gross in ! mother not this , nature ! and garden to and rank , so that ; a satyr might remember if fed think little God O Would By Ere the the to , mourn'd Like With which all ! have She It is not nor flushing . dexterity cannot I to come must : ever friend you ; my my lord : Marcellus what I'll I And , A in to make good you not truant you your my lord say you are that ear of enemy my know even violence report truant . own your Elsinore ; from in ere you no so wedding - funeral student hear your I is . truster what lord We'll see My see , lord it The dearest that I see ? my . see father in foe see lord had met my day methinks seen had see forth , heaven . see eye . eye in all his upon look , Saw I yesternight . eye , eye lord a him In He I eye take once I shall like eye ? eye , think My The King let witness ear the Season Upon With attent gentlemen watch may while I . you to of admiration , gentlemen . me middle like - solemn thrice surprised whilst fear and Appears Goes In Marcellus waste . their dead , act him did This fear , the stately with your , on - not the speak they , I In and secrecy to , as them oppress'd slow and them cap - with length : Form dreadful had , not was the where watch . you upon , answer it lord , then like loud yet ; But hands comes are where more like , did would crew haste . away , true our in down my , live do Itself we did 'Tis strange very , none : to made lifted it head , And let Hold , indeed I As We say you BARNARDO my tonight , the Arm'd My you sirs watch MARCELLUS and . lord countenance A lord my more look'd , Pale very ? What O there Stay'd ? pale his you upon red or would . amaz'd it long . hundred no his , a ? life ; you noble warrant to Let you If bid I'll And Give will And it it requite Your the whatsoever fare : your visit 'twixt . but , no loves understanding platform duty , in spirit father's all Though still the , And are you from do the let But convoy sister earth o'erwhelm , necessaries And , the perfume violet , The not youth , more of does this grow alone , now you , must , cautel loves doth : birth his own ; nor . nor waxes nor temple the nor mind besmirch nor , nor nor list Denmark ; deed wisdom so your saying his Ophelia your To so shot you , the and rear danger prodigal so desire . enough to is so her unmask chariest the keep in so she Virtue canker of so be infants liquid beauty it your or your , of of unmaster'd . moon maid calumnious the galls and most lesson pastors rede own of thorny and dalliance his . But fear . comes father . my grace shame blessing act his thoughts no . tongue vulgar adoption palm means thought and soul hatch'd unto dull new thy hast but any Nor you character , quarrel , thy thy fancy th'opposed may thine as , thy judgement gaudy : voice in buy thy thy thee being purse reserve but few not ; rich man habit in ; proclaims and in : friend true day . any lord my thee in . tend . you said the : Lord of you and free 'tis ; very oft ? you tenders . as what , lord tenders perilous , I , Do That Marry do , I'll have — it lord Running thus to — Tender wind me a poor phrase . go love lord heaven of woodcocks how prodigal , the do in soul know , my , vows . catch to blood vows your in to parley of your at entreatments take promise than heat these : extinct this both maiden is a higher rate ; Hamlet walk he tether may In for they few , Ophelia forth . bawds suits is This . plain slander sanctified like to , Have not better beguile terms any the come lord , cold . twelve . season ? rouse upspring , it not spirit this tonight swaggering Rhenish down reels his drum The Is kettle and headed , drains mind manner , in the my And to to traduc'd heavy us And mole else mole Nature's Being His Shall mole infinite fault that particular censure mole The . evil mole of undergo the say breaking mole nature Since , all man man Be Bring man man the substance may , man comes of ! it man from intents com'st with thou That Have thy , father me quietly hearsed ; but , heaven or or grace in thee . in inurn'd marble again mean , steel tell ignorance will Let Wherein , royal in cerements dead corse to hideous the , again ! and Revisit'st , thee , night glimpses What thus , Hath To , That thou , So is As to waves , beckons beyond ? you this thoughts With why not , then ; Do no not what with No do I It not soul what , for And waves to Or What tempt assume so That more you might And The draw It looks And , on It Go me roar fathoms every sovereignty of reason to hands Be You go waves hears shall each makes rul'd Hold My Still . out shall your not still thee . And cries artery Nemean the not off petty ; fate hardy I heaven Something follow Have To away , I am By after will state follow . obey . come Denmark , me me I'll I thou Whither My . and poor up render wilt When I sulph'rous Alas Speak what I I shall myself serious ! lend , forbid , when shalt hear spheres , be not . porpentine to must blazon to on their part from thy lightest - I am , word list . murder father , swift . it most O dear ! thy love unnatural is ; as best wings love , Denmark , orchard ear youth father's my whole in of death — power lust . beast adulterate prophetic , that ! that was even ; as , gifts will mov'd , angel poor decline dignity there queen my orchard stole in afternoon vial a my of hebenon in to were never shape air , pour in heaven of it a a radiant in a link'd thy the . celestial garbage on I in secure my methinks . always of an the That natural Holds in Brief let in The leperous be ! scent in , within through it into it vigour eager blood with vile body courses doth . bark'd and . a of , of the disappointed , my like most , droppings So about milk , loathsome at my account . on blossoms unanel'd , sin : not be . Denmark , thou thorns sting her well be matin his the in that 'gins , adieu Fare bosom me fire at lodge heaven to contrive once , her thee thy incest act nor , for couch luxury howsoever To And all And I you Adieu couple bear But you , hell earth O , All . be down damned , and ! woman smiling I Denmark in set villain Now are may smile it , be pernicious ! live by . it is , villain brain , villain to . Hamlet . word a so and am sure . Within , lord Lord . sworn't have MARCELLUS Lord him Lord my , lord . Within Lord . Lord Within ho come . Lord Lord , news boy is't I Not O What , my , you'll it . heaven MARCELLUS secret man lord my heart be , my I my my No say then you no There How Ay , heaven right ne'er villain lord circumstance the right ; the grave part you point come in knave arrant by a dwelling . this all , at for , go pray own desire , poor ; business every is Look and without are and desire shake more that it , You Such is an your honest much by It Never Yes As you is't are as to friends known and what HORATIO My lord have not . will lord my we will you ? poor you O'ermaster't one now what , scholars , and , us soldiers in , my my sworn under so ? in the . already , sword stage . Swear indeed . have . ground heard sword . our . stranger a but , earth welcome wondrous heaven Once Canst in your so soe'er , meet , mercy come Horatio it bear on , you , me seeing or some or , 'There ; by we 'Well Or note to and if never 'We mercy — and need and know That , you help this or know' such me disposition , head shake , do spirit Swear your at your . most , you to . your gentlemen . perturbed commend poor lack of your out With , your of to not your together . cursed your together right . notes these Reynaldo . I , go to born ever visit , behaviour did . said Paris intend what at What By how And That , Marry Enquire me , who this company Take , 'I — him Ay so and be part But Addicted What ' ' ' if't he you so but , ' ' there very put he's heed wild and ' . most my ' , wanton such are companions liberty and youth drabbing That flash A may and The not That savageness seem season scandal as , meaning he my You put may , that in my But I you warrant drift fetch is slight laying I good Marry good You And it sir good Of here's , these sullies of good , thing little this in breathe closes ' 'friend you the in good ; phrase or be ; the good consequence prenominate guilty man . or , the Of seen you or in Mark you , on him soil'd with a 'twere ever youth converse Having He According or , crimes and good to , was say about this , my does Very sir 'friend mass the He , I ? yesterday . say — leave I did ' ! as marry 'gentleman . and , ' know 'I ay consequence' , and such , you lord well fare yourself . my inclination my lord you lord my have Good My b' Observe I , God . in let And matter ? all each . name the sewing my God the ? of piteous had , of speak as , shirt As , lord , I do He , of length hard o'er , face my other the all me not , To by he thrice end And with find without shoulder shatter done he lets me , eyes his his , and arm , help , heaven fordoes natures passion I doors he their of itself love seek — command did and me and heed mad late any our you As And No oft the will as What have afflict repel to his ; His hath that . with That quoted to meant More This To I seems is But to utter love ! trifle . better sorry am fear'd proper to close kept we younger he my our opinions sort the go in beshrew . you I have so transformation we , it cast To be discretion . which Guildenstern known must grief hide and much to Something himself you up and brought entreat of neighbour'd in th'understanding death was th'exterior nor than And That Some draw much time little you so vouchsafe as To court , be , him both , put and you our of , him much . us men so show sure us , gentlemen That aught , am more us open'd from to , so pleasures he much two time hath If Whether Might supply , your Both ourselves your to a pleasures to We up As Your visitation king's . such receive fits Than , the and visit of , full in at gentle freely commanded , To our beseech Guildenstern much these helpful . instantly . gentlemen presence amen , is , and , you I son changed And Ay . our and him . of , good my , lord I I Both And I do think — or mine King , you and , not Assure my hath do . great . feast ; that in . source other but of them son's that to he hear them hath distemper our him the . shall marriage , queen is death shall was shall levies sent he what from our friends shall obeys brief sends shall he , in more , your uncle ; borne his shall your sickness in which vow give To Was shall Receives into against arms to with those , employ against further thousand his levied him And Gives old Through , quiet in as , his Norway never joy herein entreaty Whereon such Answer at And Meantime more and for your well ; read enterprise , is to , since Go we you nothing , will I Why majesty it matter , be ; limbs Your for let But and son soul the is flourishes ? 'tis , is cause defect effect no And will . for , this rather we Or For That have remains the defective the — in this my me her and given a effect it I Hath soul's gather most beautified Ophelia a . mine thus remainder and , an ill celestial have whilst duty , and you vile be her Hamlet to the stars , you that liar , 'beautified' ; you idol , that you Good stay ; you you move , it ; best my , O these sun doth are fire a I , dear thee at Doubt I love lady . place and ear by she in I am ill best But be most love you faithful . solicitings , honourable you you queen me here must think , what I Majesty it hot But ? think receiv'd do What fain daughter or mute sight to : winking work , think winking star dumb winking , out I winking thus , I herself , the , a , and winking thence then receive with winking a heart my given Or you a prince messengers winking , done he , she must Which into to Into Thence — a short tale of tokens advice , ' , madness Fell all , sadness a And you . likely a have may be there prov'd , the try it ? though it I , You such you the . behind daughter my indeed to not a love loose I If and he farm will We me But encounter be Let I'll Away poor , give - a God , Well Excellent Do you well Not would of is . if to Honest , That's very breed the , I my Friend look , being good as not he . for you love my very lord lord read , that purging ; says have a eyes here wrinkled satirical you , lord who my . wit powerfully thick and thus old down you . it set crab reason . will lord pregnant which , on . grave my prosperously o' the often of between madness hits I and take meeting most I lord the suddenly replies My sanity You go to excellent the ? Ah ? lads How Polonius most lord ! dear lord . waist , Faith her lord her soles or , the parts None true she world's . not the ; deserved at Let . question ? more the me hands sends you particular is the Then secret . What , doomsday near have prison . dungeons either . nothing bad , mind or . your my there To it ; We Denmark being to thinking then , indeed bounded be , are ambition , ambitious the it makes , dreams infinite Which your ambition I Truly and beggars monarchs quality a and For light , by . dream dreams very the of shadow a heroes GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ to a itself ambition but , and our . shadow merely hold I A dream beggars' of airy we bodies and reason th' court the am make you dreadfully Elsinore other of attended ; for ? But servants what , thanks a a come ? in no . you thank . my sent for have lord my the What me friends am I know King lord , nay , for proposer better our the rights could sent is . of me me love ? me you If you me dear more . me , hold me me . feather moult lost me not so tell , but ; goodly this late will . I you to air to foul and this why , it , all have discovery , of forgone your , in that no disposition is neither , action congregation I the woman so ; stuff you smiling by though Why , players lord laugh did you if are my , like an in of ? they He knight , offer coted We was when from coming humorous use to in them you his shall whose lungs are tickle peace ; sere shall th' in the the , freely man his I 'Man , end service entertainment the tribute o' they delight — shall welcome be shall adventurous make you shall , laugh , or the — Are I the innovation the . both by comes , are , it How estimation same the inhibition not so rusty out on there is many wearing , the but Do the tyrannically common children Who pursue most of for't goose quills they they means longer grow they of , endeavour clapped — cry ; afraid . These are sing common can 'em - so ? own their on . There against than them themselves ? themselves in , sides was went while themselves the themselves money holds wrong no them as — nation themselves . themselves cuffs and ; those and , load of away Hercules of give twenty , brains , 'Sblood his could , hands Your ceremony . comply out Let I you , like fashion out at ducats is more out welcome , uncle out appear the and Elsinore , natural the out with come out . you . me - are You must yours which aunt ? That . ear too you yet west Well hawk from you , southerly . man out and time come of a comes you Guildenstern , there you baby not is he's prophesy lord , will he right news each , world for tragedy hither Buzz Upon come When , you to actors the Seneca . pastoral - comical came . buzz either - be the in actors law cannot , best unlimited treasure , These Plautus . passing well lord a what only , he and no ' old daughter that . love Jephthah a I where thee see face ? nearer Denmark . friend beard my old . in Thy the , give falconers speech taste a your , is to . show will comes abridgement all your a , altitude be , like to't . Come passionate my lord never acted , others as to modesty not an excellent make the indite as as lines much as it pleased of wholesome , it in see : your in the might mine , fire sons foot dismal , horridly horse smear'd trick'd Head , and coagulate the in Roasted , Priam carbuncles with hellish , gore grandsire , spoken So proceed seeks a a and lend That And With my Stoops Pyrrhus' his was feel whiff and wind and th'air milky hideous flaming of blow lo and Pyrrhus , For with with Ilium i' the stood sword stick below stand the . his will , still , pause work dreadful storm . the , the a and orb thunder , gods power , you . Priam ! low As the On With Mars's out , as This , nave and spokes And Break In thou It or Say the bisson diadem . and mobled ; That's With late in seen Run But The 'Gainst A had if Who this mincing the Fortune's state Pyrrhus sword themselves saw with she gods of , In where well your you I'll . used , After well will has he for you have less Follow they , man , while . have and bad a better report use every your after according to their . is Use ? Use much Come the deserve Dost you I . lord ? would which lines ha't or Very Ay You are Elsinore welcome , My Good that Follow sixteen You , could . Rosencrantz To . leave not you . I'll alone wan'd , I am player ; here peasant . Now passion Hecuba ? or to function whole his and , conceit For him weep should What's With A Tears in working voice from his , Hecuba , he And very Confound That A cleave mad Hecuba to ? the , guilty motive for he the off take villain Make dull faculties , the - a . nothing the - and John calls defeat was , blows it the does it ! villain , have am To me , I make ass a This is throat be ? face a ? gall across heaven of a , like A That About guilty That And the sitting cursing son whore unpack my drab play Foh very and murder'd words father but have seen of I'll their cunning ! upon't like at of have have the uncle to . my I , his If devil is me , yea The conscience the the thing of me the More Abuses As . circumstance have perhaps hath grounds . such catch melancholy . of . lunacy . confusion himself feels forward confess cause what does With from . so he quiet , speak means Nor When a true him to to ? like we with Of would receive Did But do Most our . pastime to on did it They are And hear And there raught We To , seem a already . your Majesties , order kind play true the content court certain Of out fell so it , they to beseech'd hear , shall purpose gentlemen drive To heart To And With his give so doth me entreat much , Hamlet , espials love . judge seeing , that their may For And of bestow father Will I your shall , you for suffers Ophelia . his of , unseen cause way wonted To . shall good Will your That be so be so to him for , bestow will Of That Hamlet's wildness both his again honours . are with sugar o'er book you colour in visage painted ! oft , We such that of show That too 'Tis loneliness . do . this . Let's coming I , Whether To be or slings him Than to . To ay dreams there's . consummation : to thousand 'tis sleep die outrageous mind that , sleep suffer is troubles , fortune to — say ? arms arrows a die , and take sea to is sleep That sleep in perchance Devoutly heart , To The and life death bourn bear , coil life scorns and oppressor's traveller that With And makes to pangs fair enterprises this their , sins my in awry ? of and Soft orisons you , well well , many re . yours day a , Good deliver . receive lord thank humbly My you have lord does have pray Take And Rich gifts As made I I , That No . you breath perfume compos'd did , well sweet their . prove unkind mind the noble . you be What , Ha if and , your ? fair This my , a was sometime a but can will beauty commerce sooner honesty once believe so you , me of ; was the more it virtue . nunnery thee a ambitious my honest we have lord I you me be borne offences more but Why , such imagination as I shape between and to I . not our inoculate you I cannot so of of . accuse me I crawling of ? us at give to I Where's , play . none At marry dost If as to chaste wise go know help , house . that lord may he the what Or as farewell well go heavenly O powers you . calumny . escape of them . marry thou shalt heavens plague monsters too enough ! thou pure , for a , give thee I'll as paintings on't what , Those that . Farewell . married . and given hath , nunnery already you , another a see I that of , all ladies jangled , youth , of observers That suck'd bells seen Now what . unmatch'd form and what me reason in on lack'd tend wretched sovereign deject and vows , tune noble sweet Like T'have That I His have ecstasy with he not set variable Haply do . and hatch doubt have it For Whereon beating , speed tribute : prevent settled of matter do commencement . the the Thus down which he , shall with shall : heart on't I grief , now How But still objects what . yet What well and love us all it But We And wisdom , hold not The You from need heard fit fit I'll show To To send fit plac'd conference ; shall must shall all Madness in fit great so fit . go fit all lines , Nor fellow tear groundlings it offends me too acquire trippingly , air very you passion O It who passion must the players your not the but Pray shows I do you it to , in of split robustious give it nothing whipped you honour word to own . inexplicable Termagant o'erdoing for your let your the the end up both , nature avoid - the it of whose and the , make your , be that cannot image own her scorn the and the , there one Now as pressure hold — nor I it or age allowance I have them have nature the special overdone very the the . speak no them sir highly and that , O unskilful the censure others having have so . of Christians , gait made bellowed then ambition . pitiful the play a of barren you . make to GUILDENSTERN Will ho , sweet , e'en ! lord my . Horatio Here . from may advancement Horatio my I flatter . withal e'er As conversation service your at thee man cop'd as just a thou absurd lick was men for thanks judgement and A a herself distinguish mistress of buffets suffering in may follow fawning tongue , thy good the thrift As one man equal not stop what ay passion's core thee In my is That As I have see'st my with mine Observe I very If in one of King heart my and . co wear of before near act father's the comes speech have to judgements comes will will imaginations that as his comment occulted soul death . comes join comes , comes playing ; comes his both note seen the I King , both Get coming 'scape aught Well censure after I Vulcan's steal Enter . both fares to the a Hamlet Polonius both Ophelia , air , I : both feed ? my flourish , the ; both A . How . our chameleon's ; lord My these words once you , say To now , I Danish march faith you answer th'university , did enact I enact good . me him of brute ready calf Capitol . lord ; so , that the there a your players lap . lord metal Hamlet more ! lap your my my ? lord my matters . my my my my I think to nothing I , my meant my . legs my ? my man two within's ? died father my , looks hours months . Nay ? sables long on , by'r there's . hope a O lady he hobby - the King and Queen upon show asleep , neck . protestation forgot or his is ; the him leaves , returns some to lament with gifts . seeming woos action The Queen with the love ? my this miching and loth body or three it finds four is Mutes carried away shall show the players to for . you naught Be not what him tell all meant posy the a to and are lord . hearing patiently of a ashamed : means the you . mark gone moons dozen As , Is prologue brief About the our commutual world thirty salt times . ring my ? thirties did sacred love of , done so be moon . and sick former I Yet and is again woe And wash hath cart and , ere you me distrust So us you my aught neither In And is , is fear Unite love from . is siz'd , and , from . late : you made cheer proof , fair behind , kind as do there fear so is love hath or my my grow , my and : to world one shortly . too grows love , leave — breast my . let husband second the second needs O belov'd , their powers operant live in shalt Honour'd And thou , instances thrift husband but Purpose we me we slave birth kill , do When second time A The Wormwood second , kill that kill marriage but determine , what the , unripe fall Of kill Which now To The kill kill Their revels , in to ourselves the doth kill we is debt kill lose that 'tis unshaken fruit violent ourselves ending grief with either passion we , tree the on sticks they joy world joys propose , accident most nor our yet else mark his to prove friend a where do still end to orderly in our their contrary fortune on love want seasons are so I . dead first thou thoughts when ours needs a his none own , our of , think who wills That thoughts Both An earth and Sport prison my from , day and scope and joy lasting should , wife now it . If Sweet day tedious grow . a have she . And , Madam The thy brain . here , To sworn , My deeply spirits argument , she'll too much . offence no th' ? play ? in no there Is . free jade ; call word keep This name it call the . King call image offence : but what : call Let call if you . call could lord . unwrung chorus that not touches , nephew , chorus are take . worse to cost chorus mistake you chorus husbands are my chorus my I chorus puppets the , chorus love your and You lord , drugs midnight weeds , chorus bellow time doth Pox , edge . leave revenge ; name's fit thrice , creature and seeing , Begin . mixture Hecate's Thou Thoughts season apt , ban very choice . agreeing , no His see story How is extant He me light o'er ? play . false . fire wife of ? razed sir my , on go ungalled Why , know whole dost This . a Half ; two Provincial here now . reigns — have and was Damon , the players cry roses word a . thousand for him the the not ? the perceive of , Very . likes I very well the he some lord what . word vouchsafe it Come comedy , not you with , King my marvellous distempered choler the to . to purgation choler more to should , wisdom , doctor Good show put I , my some . hath me sent . great tame , Queen your mother my , you my . Sir business pardon me , can Make if not , my , What answer you , you thus , son wonderful she that the with with love distemper deny these and stealers your surely bar You ? to of your pickers . own my upon door How while me see . Let but , recorders sir in grows me of grass the one . that My Believe me , pray lord . lord . you I I my do lying Look how stops a would look , But you you I to you compass my me , 'Tis music give easy as as these , sound much fret make God you than can on a me cannot 'Sblood music seem there cannot ; you to ; lowest excellent . cloud you lord , is Methinks mass like camel and camel . weasel weasel indeed of ? the me like a . out day the as my mother let itself of easily churchyards world bitter now , business and very yawn this 'Tis By by now the say I will so friends , never seals give like him safe range , us , endure not may along stands England he Out near commission nor she be . grow . you with it forthwith his ourselves us our with doth as shall estate . Therefore We holy and of and terms shall Hazard To shall To And The shall so of shall shall That keep single and of much gulf a cease is a mount is life the and It of spokes the whose The rest but draw doth depend ; of highest majesty weal . many like thousand petty boist'rous pray will now ROSENCRANTZ . groan speedy voyage general a Never ruin , but but us - upon but alone , goes but lord . this to but warrant said o'erhear , to bed liege , but . mother a should it , vantage Thanks , rank I , as is dear lord smells . intent business will , first this I to be than both And A stand in a guilt inclination stronger like defeats man primal My hath murder as eldest , O It bound — double itself And To Or serve is pardon'd there not white thicker cannot my turn ? since which I Forgive mine Of My crown effects be being But as snow of twofold this come to confront what's be , me But down fault May Even be the Offence's There Buys And out is true teeth and But currents ? faults cannot one when ! wretched what can , What then of we ? not What forehead nature law the Be , sinews All the heart that it repentance give . What can black may be new be as ? it death free strings angels rests ? of : praying babe born , steel heaven scann'd villain revenge May as as , would he , pat . I'll I That goes to , heaven save of course am his , stands . purging of passage his the is , fit him take in circumstance father this is do . with our hire and who , and season'd for And and sole his grossly and and thought , No soul flush full and bread broad blown and audit his in how and But he When Up 'Tis heavy Or and Then he When hell that him without physic prolongs goes be heels salvation kick and black . below at My sickly go remain thoughts my . pranks come have your you . me broad screen'd . Mother Within , with round mother , Much Now what's Mother come Come , mother , Hamlet thou You , No the it , You go and I'll , What Where not may see ? thou What How Thou ! help . Behind Behind a Nay , bad , mother , this done ? brother good it , so sense tongue you — wag rude have it wring so In have of , and an Such of blurs the grace blush off the rose of Calls virtue sets That And of That of If damned is forehead blister the oaths there soul and Heaven's of . takes act of very rhapsody Is this words O contraction religion glow , face mass , loud upon The See Hyperion's , grace presentment Mars to counterfeit eye Look what a like Ay That picture was curls heaven seem world was give god is This And hey step could You And waits To That Nor motion Blasting cannot on on this ? blood the motion have this motion to love Ha ! have your , and : so motion not sure it's is judgement motion , part a hands feeling cozen'd for upon ecstacy a Eyes motion Ears motion Could not motion And If thou flaming frost itself ardour actively doth Proclaim be gives . burn charge no shame their black and more . spots tinct very matron's own let in a youth And In the O in speak These Stew'd No like words murderer your Of , nasty me enter sty and ! tithe stole your ! me king from cutpurse precedent is . empire his more put A That not to whet thy say ! blunted purpose almost on and her This thy , Conceit , O lets to . But between her . and time acting Do but in step O Is fighting strongest on your you , with your sleeping eyes the at , Your Forth up bend do you Speak to how soldiers life . end is't with , That And His form them Look , with this capable Lest and on Upon Start Sprinkle nothing I . blood , glares me to look upon do you convert . see this there that ? is ourselves portal ! but nothing you at all , you did ; hear out of creation cunning as . not . ecstasy ! time word for your soul . madness , madness which speaks of within heaven come re keep It me but Mother that and film to the re ; grace - re mining to pardon re times weeds , madness re the I And re not your It but re . Confess the . fatness of this part worser of and O Hamlet night with the purer it , if uncle's . in other to is this tonight livery fair on a kind of not half it cleft the heart leave hast away . the in , eat , out , good desirous bles'd or the devil Once , lord with , be same night it him more . the . can curb potency I'll With One , and worse do ? behind do you , again I shall , again will and pleas'd . him him with this me , wise out let , gib , know a so , famous Who from , despite and top creep fair the neck , Be who that's but craft to not in secrecy , bat madness him you , sense . do ? that . life basket ? on , breathe 'Tis will Let work my schoolfellows two adders they , I trust will They letters to to and go ; way — hard mines their below yard one moon one at delve , knavery as I Whom with For marshal And But I 'tis petard O crafts packing room draw an mother matter translate ; There's 'tis your a on your what , What my is your fit . these sighs little ! your lawless apprehension cries a ' your tonight . kills your your . to to whose be everyone rat ; all threats deed O , this to But man , we ! rat 'A in And Should This To keep like But the pith To been had It have kept be understand of , was foul madness mineral . pure O'er Even must The itself will Among sooner , what life . Where , touch skill ! in pray haste slain , and majesty further he , speak closet hath wisest haply mean dragg'd him the . and you hath fair you all — up diameter his miss , do bring , out . the Into And chapel call what we , name . of you have What done it us Within And , it bear not to that whereto , it take chapel it Besides my by made ? may should and Do I of your what — a Ay But that you soaks in of best countenance not King corner needs officers sir keep ; ape when I understand and you squeezing glad , am , you an , authorities them , such , the up do you the sponge , he it you knavish . not to The all lord man that him to thing . to dangerous we put . the find loose him ; all ? What befall'n . smooth desperate , 'tis offence sudden pause . sending . Deliberate not at the We now bestow'd he is is where But Bring Guildenstern ! Bring in my us supper . Where ? At supper is but . where Your us . eat king the service ? hath worm fish all ? fat man of alas ? mean dost ! two — worm ? and is variable is beggar one fish with What king may by worm a ? him the the not eat stairs guts how of is . yourself thither th'other , some , dearly , into him find — thine — especial you . Go come . help bent send safety and prepare for we the and . purposes come , and Good Hamlet and and and wife one . for and , wife . and Farewell ! But father is loving My Follow Delay on if , for at him him seal'd hence . haste and and speed man ; England , conjuring Hamlet . my must sovereign like the thy Danish power may and , give thee red awe , to thou cicatrice us of hectic me , Go Tell his We If And And will Craves Good whose my so . do't Go , Over How sir are sir of purpos'd to the old main against speak to That Truly for with patch not but ? Poland it , the or sold be it and debate Two is not . This Why of and ? my humbly much question already . is it never Polack wi' you , you please How dies I before a no discourse . it fust but spur and and too oblivion dull chief with A of against go I'll Be to he If sleep that in us unus'd That I Why A Bestial some Now godlike gave or — or Sure or capability hath or I do not do and , or , ambition or tender divine such and the and exhort , the the then I the the trick blood and the , of at for to eggshell the an that not Even Is stake , I Whereon slain ? with thoughts The Go To My That to Which speak Her What , needs speaks i' enviously world of her , to at is things and hears move own gestures thought strew may for , with make one think there , fit , sure in were Let nothing conjectures yet breeding is true sin's sick Each my full Dangerous she To It good as , spoken Though 'Twere , her prologue seems toy itself another . staff ? you this song know true one and his hat pray what , lady imports is Nay green . turf , lady Ophelia . with How you , pretty not ! showers bewept say - Which , what God we dild but ! the to was but : ask . what God we Conceit , upon her window door that , and be a And up , Ophelia Indeed Alack , and By , in he To I departed donn'd clothes , maid , an make I'll a out oath . on't , Saint shame come to are to't my good night . night her poison watch Gertrude I it Gertrude . springs , author , people most your must him you I lay sweet th' i' , good counsel ladies ladies , All Without Last In Thick And wants buzzers , much pictures himself to matter , beggar'd father's from fair in , ear arraign ? this noise is death in . places , list my more many them ? riotous but a of lord Gives me Let what Alack What my Switzers overpeering matter the , The were custom of applaud Laertes not props ! tongues false , Danish they false . the , the on king clouds , this me without . leave door . Give I pray Where Calmly drop Cries thank . the O thou vile me harlot true brands , a true to . Do giant true between my to true That cuckold is Gertrude , the true my the chaste unsmirched ? fear what it his incens'd my Let true will divinity That thy rebellion art thus true . so not him man father ? go : juggled pit ! stand profoundest this To both To Dead . be I'll my Who Most My dead worlds ; to to to . so them well , point comes allegiance ! grace damnation Let That come not I'll go your means only world stay That , sweepstake , my , for Of , wide . revenge and ? the in , then and is't writ , I'll know Will , the am I Like his To And That them kind thus like am guiltless and Why ! Within Burn heaven , thy up dry out the sense my heat O As How madness scale our Till Nature O maid , as be fine his non Hey a - sing Hadst thou Fare on And nonny , nonny thus move and It nothing's for is pansies madness , There's , herb . call , in becomes This there rosemary A turns to will She And not And is not No , Go not flaxen gone , he is poll snow not , not dead , not . not you And He me your and satisfaction , Be you life and ; but your to give due labour lend touch'd shall content it all will direct we with . soul us that to burial his , question heaven ? have letters speak you . for me with in them the world Lord Hamlet . from sir , your name sir , these Ere us a put warlike we . appointment to gave , got we . give him this for know shalt thou a , I became as King have hold thee good ; wouldst , may them brought you from him Rosencrantz bore in the I Come And do't give that you speedier your , and noble your which in me put these you for whom Sith to O As by you crimeful Why That Is Why could not dipping the I , to as so or almost spring the like Convert Would She's , the And Would so I my revenge that for are sleeps your That Whose worth we And think lov'd that , Letters my Majesty to , What news lord your ! Hamlet I them ? your I . naked the occasions eyes of my come rest . recount set ? and pardon thereunto , see I am to return your heart let . to in But my How so ? be so sickness him thou diest live I That I If should not So Will peace , how it be , you be it lord to If will he device now me — breathe the shall As No lord The mother death now ripe wind it I could . accident shall no And will have You an And But , rather falls since It might you if I That , unworthiest , youth no lord . my siege that pluck say they What part is that the in cap careless Importing , Normandy ? and Two , becomes that the for very Yet As Than And to myself And The of it weeds since , less too needful — serv'd and , seen in beast . of far tricks natur'd topp'd and he and but this , grew horseback on - is , thought . he ? defence scrimers of indeed report , the such exercise be report him his , eye of beg and envy wish but with this , play this to . my , dear this this not love ? your father , in spark the There Time Or that And that that I lives qualifies love is And nothing of at too tongues we would are and is for this delays That goodness still abate it , changes a will of flame very that like ; abatements much growing to . we own And should No To show have , i' . keep shall return'd Will Revenge Frenchman Hamlet And Most not wager sword with peruse generous The Will a the , and little for will purpose an , that bought blood I'll scratch'd It , dip anoint I'll unction unbated And I'll Under This With I'll Weigh I'll that this 'Twere I'll And the I'll gall . I death of . If of through assay'd in us did your make ! he for by chance drink calls solemn proof motion more for wager you , escape nonce ; hold , now How woe One purpose Our So fast leaves grows in she stream , purples Laertes Drown'd ! fantastic hoary with flowers That There his a . Your , sister's where ? glassy brook a name call , them , and long . coronet up , is muddy To with it long from , her ? drown'd then drown'd , poor . will it that speech How Now , The Let , to , I Is , is she , she that tell , and , unless , so lies crowner her her salvation Christian ? the three — and For . straight grave Christian it herself finds be How hath sat on , to herself wittingly cannot it do , delver and you , be must me go man , and the , Argal if not . gentlewoman . law been burial Christian life water the drown . himself ; good it come him the stands will great that , have Adam's . folk more but . makers spade And the drown to . truth marry have ha' Will Why gardeners a question Scripture What ditchers art ? purpose confess another , tenants a in faith outlives thousand , that ; maker The - well does wit than , that built thy It the well like well Ay , do , I mason thee . to is gallows builds ? those the a . carpenter to gallows or argal again ; shipwright To't . not . till last a he makes me tell I , are stoup thee , a that meet , Go asked was time nothing very was his . sings behove love liquor , 'Tis ; this contract the into in his stealing me his clutch , such land But it th' This ground , it skull might God did now . politician lord which jawbone . my would ! might that How of me Cain's sing ass this lord , about dost ? the the - an might to such a sweet it . my , be might It Or lord , horse bones spade now with . a , This might when meant he one's and 'em A loggets these trick O and , knave now of him , be is guest ? cost breeding . a the to knock him time not his that rude a buyer his his double lawyer and land the sconce Where ? Will , ones , great , meet to in's of pit such be tell of , very vouchers action tenures about battery with of his too ? himself . sir ? will - of seek to be made . guest for 'tis is , sir . in't it yours thou . this , mine for liest away it me to you . for again thou 't dig sir thou in't sir lie it therefore man woman What For buried is sir ; lie , then woman that none ? rest her . peasant long our day to't . that Fortinbras long How that near How undo it the . us Cannot you tell was , why mad , because he was Hamlet , matter was can is that he Ay is the his that sent there ; if sent wits he marry ; be seen 'Twill not How if , in hold the before a I Denmark he sir great ; water And - three a your decayer lain . years another you will as we he nine year last . keep whoreson the that trade with a skull was on Rhenish the King's hath , that in my I He . now hung gibes to ? chop paint her let wont . that , laugh thing her were at an Prithee her lord , tell that my . E'en smelt so so Pah bung not trace ? i' ? And return consider till E'en we 'Twere of base the , to Alexander ; returneth a lead not and into it jot to of why dust loam ; dead to earth wall ! the Queen The , very ? else obsequies doubtful , order was enlarg'd . lodg'd on prayers rites ? done . the and , and Of maiden Yet Her the . and i' fair I her from there more no No more her tell fair sister my shall thee liest angel Lay violets . Sweets flesh churlish to ; to head to , dead made to and have skyish to head the is to What To Grappling Conjures the the stars whose of stand him - wounded wand'ring wonder with Hamlet Dane take dangerous thy ! rash throat my well thy let thy asunder them Could I eyelids son Ophelia with What ; longer , for love this thousand wilt with Until lov'd , For , me what thou'lt their forty theme what , of show woul't love 'Swounds drink if with his pate against , mountains prate acres Singeing Ossa like . wart mere madness an : on him work the sit you sir you that matter ? dove thus drooping will patient and good Let will pray I The What lov'd Hercules , in the living proceeding monument no his day . son be ; other see fighting lay I . Now let remember me circumstance ? ends , exact , to of command , Horatio too . cabin ; in making unseal withdrew desire the from gown where Finger'd I sea Up My To grand fears where Grop'd where room several , and supervise stay should be the health Importing where , Is't where read how ? it possible off . where struck down — brains me fair it sat , commission new , statists do , leisure proceed . much ? what our wrote , write benetted thus I had I me to begun make learning of once did hold service ; it know , contents great flourish , wear garland their still comma like and debatement such And And An like his faithful wheaten know a - further sudden , Without As stand many the on Folded sea gave't in of my I Why should How had The Was So the did to employment day safely signet model in this seal'd the Danish the father's even the the Subscrib'd our changeling never up writ known the Thou and . th'impression Guildenstern near my their when fight the Of , thinks't , not it hath Why dangerous , Does the between this this canker nature to to ? whor'd me . opposites , my , is this — say myself Laertes am man's And must is That by bravery his the portraiture But The I life's be It no more than to ; I his put me of of Peace the of thank of the my is , No this ? of of vice . to know know his of He . waterfly as thing I him , a , bonnet . indeed , the wind hot very his complexion laid . my for my , very lordship thank I my , great ; ease , your I mine of , the suffers dizzy respect , take rareness who to else , lordship speaks would be a to no in him him his , concernancy possible really nomination ? You will gentleman more our rawer , sir . not would , did , excellence weapon imputation unfellowed ? by excellence , is Laertes to he's but his What's Rapier of two take hangers , his his sir That's hath as with weapons he their in The I knew edified assigns , delicate has , The which King carriages : would this against would you , more that's the , a that laid assigns till , are the hangers you But Danish three . cannon would twelve between call their hangers the the and . on him and you your dozen He foils , it if , Majesty him odd ? of answer How three , sir hath . immediate hits if I answer trial hath . Let nothing gain will not , this time walk in with hold I my and win will If I the nature deliver what re commend himself , there lordship your yours Yours , turn his . suck'd , for's else are . after duty of the lapwing his them know before tongues head a . it encounter dotes Thus drossy the he I dug the which do , lord My winnowed ; of , carries through them . blow away with runs bevy his that to fitness I . or Majesty him and through , their pleasure , Laertes are . or whensoever by you to in Laertes with to mine The Queen desires and is She well lose wager me . use some play this went odds . but the at practice . Since You so shall Nay perhaps but , my my of say , will - as would no is thou France is it trouble . are , we , mind is but foolery not of , now be now whit If Come come to . 'tis what he yet to come ; be what is't . in forestall readiness if needs a . sir , be it leaves wrong leave betimes me Hamlet . If't . is madness ta'en distraction have you done have Never be himself not This presence knows , am What I How your , he's it is is Hamlet And That might Roughly If from when does me I I my motive hurt it of the this from far disclaiming shot in faction then Let madness Hamlet's most your in by keep am have brother case in and , this satisfied nature me love like it will not ungor'd voice revenge in masters But that , love till peace . for come on — receive embrace us Come this I it freely darkest ? Osric young wager the . all have another both ; odds you . side . kettle have worn . cannoneer let crown than And Denmark's the cup shall Let stoups successive , eye , to cups me the speak , the the Come earth heavens ' . drinks to , a . wary A bout Come this , A touch He's Hamlet Queen The Here dare drink yet cup ; and is it , madam face . late me pardon . pray the , me lord let wipe My do I'll hit him . they rapiers , conscience on . but do of me . incens'd ? change to ; scuffling wounds Hamlet ; wounds ? How is't it , there Queen both my , kill'd Why , as They . am does ! the ? Laertes treachery Hamlet bleed woodcock ? to mine the to the them a I She swoons , drink , Treachery Hamlet the is treacherous No not instrument envenom'd and medicine It The , no , I Hath turn'd me there Unbated Never The rise on King , foul practice life good thee . blame work hurt am . friends I here , off O , but yet , Drink this me me , this Wretched , chance . Hamlet thee upon me death , on thine Nor make pale tremble me at act you aright me Horatio — or as and me thee I adieu this , mutes of free but time his But Is let but didst . I more thus If the an some man by what felicity world my warlike thou with conquest of volley Horatio . spirit my from , this noise England is warlike hear rest more dying from less th'election prophesy with has o'er , This Young I potent poison I die to do He , crows is Good sing heart of occurrents . England and voice ? proud cell search ; thine toward so bloodily England come That What havoc it is What feast If quarry on in So is of woe or wonder struck is his from that Guildenstern are hast many a , late , you question . thank bloody you this , the these How But on accidental judgements , yet acts cause mistook , slaughters casual cunning Fall'n Are a upshot For And me , with upshot the , deaths Of Of carnal in inventors' heads the it , by upshot forc'd . fortune this in memory call Let Truly haste of doth . upshot All can upshot my same be wild four and , upshot perform'd more happen are have cause . on . stage put his of . on , passage the rites for been he had and the Becomes off Exeunt the the field , off a will U the shot one United can permission set , without you owns print from no and rules one bearing Updated the , Project license if used of Project not royalties law and . terms Foundation that Special ! forth for , eBook reports and law copyright be use the this eBook , in license S . U Gutenberg of practically . eBooks ANYTHING modified for complying Gutenberg may works may do by By Section To distribution Gutenberg the or of . Gutenberg other of protect www License electronic file the distributing this the Full Gutenberg or using by in . Project . A work you paid of you obtaining forth trademark any a work a indicate have license not cease of in and by all to your return Gutenberg access from paragraph with See person the or a who a by It E people Project a do agreement Project of lot a are There . be complying electronic electronic C collection domain copyright , a . preserve can with C without help PGLAF . paragraph States . If and or to Project you are Foundation Gutenberg and derivative creating references access compliance you will name Project are you by . others agreement this its with do work the . promoting the we , Gutenberg in the hope do Project for can , distributing easily this , any Project work this displaying copying country creating state the in . format the terms your can it in located when License works laws Copyright without , status United . work works downloading . all active with displayed work works , Gutenberg License work terms the outside works in works than concerning country following works have other The prominently immediate . E is which . works E on . access the Project world at , associated appears accessed re check laws the online , Gutenberg , United with and cost no License United where If E country the the the , phrase performed use is is distributed the : any most of to permission does is . this work it States restrictions under law anyone in eBook charges and posted S it by individual U can work indicating texts holder with a contain copyright the Gutenberg with . with must paragraphs of will obtain trademark . additional . both terms E work or files the at Additional E . Gutenberg copyright for use or . terms posted E or Gutenberg . this of Project Gutenberg a containing this the copyright holder the Project imposed linked be permission If an paragraphs the , or the immediate access part display work holder or the . copyright . and . any the works full the the . part distribute work the access provide in of , perform this full terms work proprietary official the you provide than other gutenberg , a a , ASCII or copy other org on a of of format work in must viewing to . full . E . performing not Gutenberg obtaining . charge paragraph the royalty fee Project with provided of Gutenberg applicable . The gross for or . copies fee Gutenberg distributing use already Gutenberg donate Royalty Gutenberg . this your of Project works E the , to prepare are . he works from you derive in Project the Foundation marked as about sent and to by refund the Project a - require mail of user copies physical other to in donations to payments you or specified . of by medium , Project and a full a . within , to replacement of to a possessed Archive Archive a defect the days money any or of , group manager in than of of discontinue works this a charge agreement forth in . the the set are Project F trademark the , you below expend Foundation on agreement days you fee Archive . Section S , on research copyright do U . medium not effort works from . identify property , or computer defective , as such by , Project Gutenberg . other Gutenberg or described and work disclaim distributing expenses and agreement party . limited they . the Project the Project or Project all incomplete a to disk that codes , be of , FOR , inaccurate STRICT can you receiving - within OF RIGHT refund in . written receive F with person The person , days work the if any you . by If to received for return the medium a , provide a must choose a replacement person you sending it work entity of you provided paid the you you electronic work . providing work on If may explanation written explanation this physical to lieu demand problem a refund certain replacement refund . set , copy to or refund agreement this of implied the or or the , the hold of Foundation electronic and shall maximum law . not void disclaimer this the to to state limitation forth in The agreement , Foundation anyone , associated and occur or indirectly , Project Gutenberg of free you about by Mission and new of It any computers of donations variety volunteers life and with Project . of aged reaching Gutenberg of walks collection , In created to come Gutenberg the information more about Project to was and your Foundation and the Gutenberg educational c state The Archive Literary available they need ensuring Gutenberg and and To the Literary granted organized Foundation's located Email found to Foundation Archive and be - Watchung at contact extent tax federal Project or EIN links Foundation's contact Gutenberg and state's full to is office . U The NJ information USA , can www page Information depends and donations with charitable received the where charities considerable . Foundation outdated important donations and paperwork . much or have not requirements We not written . do solicitation are . U . concerning donations any ways the against met cannot and visit www statements States and including please check are Project United addresses the are International , General S are concept freely Gutenberg are eBooks in are are are which www : often includes our facility how often information to to produce our often about the often new eBooks often Gutenberg PG often , eBooks new hear Project . Project about