Nay Stand there and Stand . unfold Who's Stand thee thanks carefully Stand bitter bed hour Stand guard ? Stand . relief You Stand For Stand now come much most I am quiet you Not a mouse at . do The I hear them to Stand ground the , liegemen . is there . farewell . who you good night Dane . hath night you , Marcellus Welcome , this Horatio . A , what , there Horatio Barnardo ? thing What have , the With Touching may approve He so once 'twill our , let us assail down fortified two Well What down Barnardo sit again not speak to your story , this . the , of . seen course , burns that's us are we let When Thou art speak scholar , Horatio . heaven it and part pole comes that's . figure ? Horatio dead . Peace fear it a , Most What thou charge , Denmark buried I offended form speak night thee . thee ! is It stalks . pale charge I speak and You ! you ! tremble , sensible might more on't . thou the it As Such was King ! think like Of mine Without ! He the not eyes own true ; ice the ? very smote stalk in the particular 'Tis and gross some , he th'ambitious combated on , know knows cannon . opinion land the most the toils foreign nightly , and tell , he watch , sore war observant of , watch of scope eruption to same And Why Doth Who , that the whose , with this inform implements shipwrights That the make So Why now Good might night even but last , Norway of ? Our most our pride us , him a in ; by which appear'd by whisper image as the now can by ; combat to Dar'd Did by same had which , of which ; as of ; heraldry the , life To the vanquisher carriage Hamlet Of unimproved the in Hath fell His he And been to Was forfeit with ratified this Did . Against , hot , design'd , Now of of list ; appear of . of and I take it e'en so but and our , other our Comes Of That and through may think this trouble and the ere A In Well most little Did stars high tenantless of . Rome state the and to precurse doomsday the sick Was And Upon As with with , dead , palmy in almost preceding fierce eclipse events fates on stands Julius star countrymen and Lo Stay where and earth blast , our , of , be me , to and to any As cross If any it or me me avoid may country's illusion , use thou If may That I'll it soft though Or , thou Which be speak thy uphoarded ! in spirits you O which , life earth hast thou thy ! my . stand here ! it blows speak started , the of mockery cock thing guilty violence , crew , have - trumpet . summons and ; at his heard . the in , sea the Doth Th'extravagant his This god his that fearful like to shrill and erring And , to fire and . confine with lofty is a , air warning throat hies earth sounding cock , long celebrated that is birth singeth gracious so . probation . abroad part mantle clad we , in seen life hill eastward speak for ; us Walks This As needful Let's Do our what young the , So , I shall Laertes Cornelius and Voltemand . morning death whole ; with us and grief , yet hearts contracted far so bear To That To our green , brow one discretion sorrow of think queen , marriage , and dirge dropping now this to sometime as with dole brother's frame , dear out of be by a affair ; one a , sister and wife this this not state to dream weak late advantage of with lands us pester , For which have delight . along of worth our thanks Fortinbras . law him meeting have time So with surrender to disjoint and Lost Who Our fail'd his our Now Thus , impotent further Of His Out good of dilated : herein Norway valiant brother is business much his To the , full nephew's and young Fortinbras , hears , made dispatch we proportions ; of , gait that , scope the . your . duty our duty . heart , Laertes with , beg is't ? Laertes the to native more be of offer more What to the mouth father . instrumental in my though leave in thoughts He in Yet in Your in in in in Have lord petition ; and him ; leave wrung seal'd give you laboursome thy Take I But thy hour his will , spend cousin best Laertes , at time be thine ! than you eternity all too the on my , so it that the am thy nighted I clouds look with noble ever cast i' . Denmark . on the die colour , through Seek Good customary Nay not 'Tis , Seems No Together the I But but For 'Tis actions sweet These and give you have they that trappings these know , commendable denote all the nor fruitful . moods dejected , Nor forms , might shows which man These truly To For we In Of It heart a impious father But As Why against vulgar the , 'Tis condolement , is impatient heaven to and peevish a fault hath sense fault nature 'tis our , stubbornness obligation obsequious what fault To ' till and absurd most must You This the Is From Take it to heart the must whose you throw us , world , he pray We a to opposition , theme note take intent you most woe for , are that which toward to retrograde you bend dearest going In I Do It And beseech cheer courtier cousin , and , most school father nobility his , not best my ; mother pray Why Be 'tis in a loving Denmark . a you go us I all prayers obey her we Our thee I chiefest thy Let shall But And Re this that His O Thaw weary How Or Seem Fie dead merely seed ! to that 'gainst self , stale , itself solid flesh would dew O God ! garden to come and an of , God ! world unprofitable unweeded this father's shoes poor were body she — tears month Why satyr a to her Visit Must not , brother A wants she , speed cannot wicked a her in the Than on't think — no . to my sheets , reason . well you see am Horatio The , Hail my must hold come I for nor , not to do my good name from , And your poor my change Sir servant friend Wittenberg lord you : with Good see good ? I teach , My lord it I I ever father Where my lord my My Did Would Thrift , I furnish met seen ; once In had my dearest , father . a ? your I may while father . I I ! King ? Saw , Season the marvel I attent God's This For I these Upon I With witness , your I an you . deliver I a these of nights A , cap - your the of pie , he eyes , solemn with by stately and Marcellus love watch to father me . father and good walk'd they of . both true , time your in , This , watch distill'd surprised ; and oppress'd their truncheon's to , the speak and the The My upon the like made knew each where was speak lord made , lifted up answer But Itself the to Did My even at it like loud , would yet none it sound from very ? troubles tonight the Hold indeed And To 'Tis let , live do I As We , my ? lord and you you Arm'd , yes more O , my saw Then he Most upon ? long amaz'd . Stay'd it you hundred . a . saw't longer moderate with haste might ? his . His It bid you to have And I'll I it me my it will , gape all still tonight and . shall 'twixt you , an And If requite Upon hap well ye twelve . tongue , to duty Our earth : soul : foul deeds eyes to rise . benefit will were night them . are the hear his , not primy of not violet Forward it For , Hamlet A more and , a a the doubt winds And me , and toy sweet . so temple , waxes and you he does no more blood favour ; soul now his birth ; grow as fear , besmirch persons to whole you it believe he of choice not may for It As give saying your his Than May he in his deed of loss you main Unto And your too Then it The maid the , his Or keep Ophelia , list chaste your to the prodigal . treasure loves or which and no withal or songs importunity my may or . desire buttons unmask itself canker oft or And she Out you Contagious or , dew moon or infants their her chariest or in fear shot and is or , brother thorny though most liquid disclos'd youth . in . near of else fear imminent lies none good ungracious steep like Himself the long not a recks too Whilst me Do A thou Look Yet , of my thy adoption . act , tried vulgar . precepts precepts . their unfledg'd precepts of thy reserve thy palm but thee precepts in purse precepts fancy ; precepts , not ; of precepts and generous chief precepts : steel of , and station . man night false blessing , thine to most Are This Most humbly time canst above must And Thou my then be season this lord servants well you the said touching he my memory , in Farewell . lock'd keep shall hath you told me audience to as caution understand ? lord between behoves you time hath the late yourself me you you bounteous oft Lord Hamlet . you clearly I honour and on you made many free you daughter Give me the so and — you you , you think speak true more think ; lord I'll you Which speak , That are — speak Or Marry do not speak speak Affection speak speak you may it speak I teach for yourself wind you'll — crack tenders the . ta'en have not lord My And hath With Ay , You in the Than Believe may be larger Lord Hamlet may few In For he . entreatments something not The mere sanctified their for This and , all Lord time ; talk ; forth ; walk , brokers ; show : this for pious terms ; so or obey I charge , lord . cold very an is you come the with shall is heard No , not it it spirit I it . twelve , rouse lord struck It wont . the ? trumpet thus . is't of Rhenish bray swaggering his and draughts , down his reels : swinish , phrase attribute of men of it native custom , here height . them guilty not reason o'erleavens of these ; manners , pales and as grace — particular it oft Or of I Nature's else particular infinite in From all general man of that too that , Carrying a health my own scandal of a evil undergo corruption defend blasts from damn'd us of I'll of hearsed ignorance . in com'st thee . call of hell charitable why inurn'd , sepulchre , of , of complete marble , of jaws O their cerements thee ponderous What of ; bones and of moon , of do souls nature should our did away impartment . desire alone some to with What up thee Revisit'st thoughts is As if , why It waves But no a Look with it follow it go to by . courteous will that ; I then what , dreadful of flood the some base his your as it to the fear a fee pin's at it , every . still roar fathoms of sea horrible , lord my into of ? you place deprive very And It , shall looks The draw more so Go And might motive many to . beneath my thee go follow not you fate My ; artery Nemean cries petty each the Unhand of me , as call'd . a make ! ghost on I'll thee . him to this Denmark state it direct , thou lead I will come is me to Must hour When wilt I me To am thy I Doom'd bound . nature am I days in night , revenge the certain to crimes purg'd away . freeze whose tale combined like thy a And the foul up eyes eternal hair blazon must , thy lightest house my , ever blood ears harrow stars two I soul upon and But thou If quills knotted and locks stand porpentine list end on list , be not unnatural ! the strange most meditation But Revenge Murder May , to find itself rots duller foul , in foul most Murder know't be than revenge love as wings Denmark youth father's thou forged know noble death Lethe wharf ; thoughts weed . life crown . That given out stir shouldst thou And not Wouldst A Rankly 'Tis me ; that stung serpent , O So , mine what a , whose , it I those , To , So , in The will , went But in of in pour orchard stole in , link'd celestial in in , never shape angel the on in in radiant of bed , in in ; body hebenon sudden tetter blood instant most a - and curd swift such The And And , once a blossoms , wholesome whose of through the effect an enmity droppings , mine posset of ; it Denmark not of sin at brother's , of ; account dispatch'd queen by , sleeping Unhous'led off of Most couch not hast horrible reckoning of made , all Let O of Of life Cut If of thou With No of on sent disappointed , bear of and luxury royal the aught her his the that . shows , of host , fire well Remember earth Remember What , else . at her thorns worm in her thee prick And - and sting Fare pale adieu adieu , 'gins to uneffectual O ! me . heaven ! not Remember heart a , old seat , heaven ! past thee ? pressures live by my there be and set damned be in . remember lord . my have , 'Adieu . and . Hamlet I , smile it are I adieu , sworn't , Lord HORATIO be , bird , my , it tell ! lord my reveal I HORATIO , I , lord by heaven it man . arrant right and pray poor shall business and we without ; you hands and own I'll , every You , so And To Why I it , are i' point desire lord . heartily there here Horatio , is this let that is And , by your For Yes As Give you an These friends , And scholars good and you , me is , too Saint . tonight . my so hear you ha on , Cries thou , Ha Consent to fellow lord seen have . i' more this wondrous . strange friends so th'earth good , remove . so you Horatio welcome , your never odd , in give but and as philosophy stranger , meet , we if . on - they would' But come never shake , if you not doubtful or or 'We be , you , and could 'There out : mercy Beneath my so perturbed , t'express still a God willing , That ever your was , time a I spirit man a on born , come a of Nay a shall out a a what his lack . O . a these a Reynaldo will wisely , his I well visit marvellous do money You this I Before how do 'twere know and you ; and . Of you very Danskers expense drift and demands my son father knowledge friends Reynaldo . say 'not wild put none , heed my lord you very there take most known wanton ; mean , this , of he's mark , you well well , ' very , him be he such dishonour you and but companions noted wild . gaming and that on and ' please so forgeries may , But sir are To As or drinking ? lord liberty him season dishonour in the charge , faults on him . do would , sir believe is it Marry And my a these little sullies soil'd th' , my sound working you would , son of on i' be consequence , breathe you in Your sir 'Good The , ' you and , this . or guilty lord or What about he my man Of does then And Very , I or so and . I By , 'closes in you thus I yesterday such him There gaming falling him enter at , he tennis' a and with , Or then There 'I bait falsehood so or do Your out saw or , And By my . Shall by son So b' we have have have ? not have . have lord . have have have have music his my , him ply . yourself . ply in my ply ply Farewell , ply Ophelia of ply the name have been ply the what's . so ply sewing gyved his knees ply to in out comes before of me purport . each it . eyes lets his profound arm so , bulk , their me help on the seek go their will with very I to to . go is me the And As , Whose the passion under am words light without shatter all , over bended without he his any violent This Come , That not have does I ; but you denied ! did he heed mad him . as it seems It lack To meant am sorry him is common Come it This To discretion cast . known grief must Welcome , Rosencrantz and did provoke love might call have you Guildenstern to inward should hath man heard see you , him it be you The More And To That much So draw vouchsafe neighbour'd to aught Some from unknown to , am so time gentry If and are awhile hope there profit of such , us and expend the supply visitation fits As to Your sovereign power Might the us much . with majesties you of , your more both to bent your Both Put , changed And My Hamlet gentle I much make and our helpful and son gentlemen Guildenstern Thanks Ay amen these I my God ? been Th'ambassadors Thou still , and , the hold father of . good news good mine . have , liege , of so this gracious my King do think my not to lord my or policy that I else of do of them queen that and , sweet the hath distemper your , all no to do tells grace of death we Well it , His Say , father's is source my my ? main marriage , o'erhasty other but our Norway . to found out , sends whereat truly the age and brief appear'd desires and , obeys impotence pass , allowance , Majesty . joy give , time us are regards our rest we And , Go , welcome home at for upon we'll of therein your , well think likes , well this - feast . madam This business is together we'll business . read , took . time . flourishes mad ? madness mad . 'tis pity use 'tis . art effect remains , mine . surmise , Ophelia defect cause thus comes cause of of him grant effect gather the phrase to ? be faithful fire , art not reckon . to believe best I , move are shall liar doth will her I Came madam But Thine in given time , daughter his by mine , obedience dear most thee the stars am love ill But to best , O at lady his me she to most , hath you do it , my All out evermore , more above would I prove what you , think book , love , me honourable and , Majesty play'd think a ? No I I out me And mistress this desk queen on the you tell might me wing mute here and idle went bespeak me round - me told the a , me , me me . me make to of no from I precepts , raves weakness short think the wherein And , sadness should no she , a receive . very likely , know ? so said positively Not know otherwise I'd otherwise that . it hid , ' , that I time a have When I it this circumstances How know sometimes So I I'll in he the lobby walks try it him , further hours together my an time a At look sadly But be the Let keep assistant for a . beseech both reading state and his he carters love . and not be no We do presently him , where away me ? mercy Hamlet ? my Lord my - a a my , a . fishmonger honest one man picked . goes . man to a dead — daughter but , look is my you carrion , blessing dog lord , as Have , daughter i' I , being to't my much a Still conceive sun a , lord He , my very , he . far love lord fishmonger was I'll first at not gone this . And , weak their For satirical the and which it be as faces I - plum potently with most ; gum yet , hams that sir Slanders mean the Between who that beards tree . go madness Will A that often Aside madness prosperously not that , Indeed replies are out o' is suddenly sanity ! so of , be , contrive that anything him well except me means I lord . pregnant , hits . you . Lord to God the These Fare my , you My excellent good Rosencrantz friends Good How , My . in cap my or in the indifferent children not we , lord are over the her soles Nor very ? of middle the question more is a at ? prison Then doomsday you , Then . Fortune there one not We Denmark in none which ; thinking makes to it could infinite I be bounded it for of shadow a one for . bad me 'tis ; airy is but and so of hold A merely itself a it , in that the not space Which , beggars' . such like To , my lord am bodies reason , beggars Shall to and upon . th' court . you GUILDENSTERN We'll way , in to speak beaten Is ? dear that with should . dear halfpenny occasion Elsinore ? a come , own , it friends am thanks I , enough preserved me To , fellowship justly teach the , and by with me dear . a better youth my have sent for lord you the obligation , love ? hold me proposer sent rights the you . of eye Guildenstern If feather your prevent have of discovery custom I heavily all to , indeed excellent I lost , air canopy other thing majestical What , but and frame most in form , this faculties , and late wherefore to , so shall Queen so a , noble a to delights your ? angel . in did My you the , my in world , like an of paragon the though by . And me , to no ; there then was smiling you I , delight to . to — his lungs foil , man , are blank to part verse ? delight to city humorous to shall are end his players laugh freely take to both to tickle o' they ; to lover have tribute ; tragedians — in the in innovation reputation . they profit by the late , and the Are , of sir , top the of followed they grow ? city ? escoted Will them they — say ? are now on but pace These call - for't eyases stages , cry out to themselves exclaim tarre . too load ? lived about throwing carry Hercules of much . his for my for , is of . those brains . hands , players fashion There the , welcome my But appurtenance garb welcome lest , this outward is extent appear - more uncle mad are - north west , the you Guildenstern see . north Well In what . from - second he's the you baby prophesy Happily will to his ear swaddling say . That old indeed they child Monday me come a , to twice have you are tell I to you so You it Rome . 'twas the Roscius an , comedy was , my buzz my Upon came Then The actors The be cannot the Buzz - too the What , what a treasure — the historical history tragical , Why . ' , more no . of which daughter — I Still Am you me Jephthah Aside 'One The It then lot , will most was it like know ? not , have a , show . where well look . more by and As , all me glad see What , my me young since thee me Denmark me me I like , voice taste me if million others excellent or , it mine top the — me remember I ? never with me there I whose cunning the play speak me general e'en a quality such in called honest phrase of received much to make wholesome as thereabout live me of it lines as , modesty it it If — that the sallets as , were in the in no set cried it the one matters in judgements remember well . author savoury , but more handsome it he let Pyrrhus slaughter let line this he as With now When he their he impasted , total more dismal gules and . whose he begins it couched this lay his purpose : so he rugged is It Hath Now he With lord , vile lend he and he . the wrath a , proceed , spoken , with with finds with , with with To with murders with Priam grandsire thus with carbuncles seeks . good you with strikes senseless flaming crash fell with head , milky , his stick th'air Pyrrhus , match'd Unequal in , lies where it , with Pyrrhus' his to Th'unnerved the with But Seeming , declining seem'd to sword hideous a , i' with lo blow nothing base , a in the we But nothing bold as , as neutral see , the nothing nothing Which painted The nothing Of So A Aroused the nothing silence And hush As nothing Doth winds region On Out nothing nothing bowl In out , general synod rend With the And Break and take for forg'd than Pyrrhus' strumpet the from Fortune falls Now thou to . beard to Hecuba . of come Run With , queen' on or jig It He's , with your ? head . fear loins , pronounc'd up , upon that the . flames is queen' down lank her blanket A barefoot she Fortune's with the state , had seen more . has of at eyes . in's soon rest colour no , turn'd has instant have well , will . lord will use them report were are the see death you where I'll they you while Use , 'scape man they less merit , Come in every ? the out speak players abstracts bestowed well for the a . you have better My , deserve whipping Follow , the me old , ha't We'll or dozen Dost thou him hear You night . hear you The Can play not ? and could you leave not . Elsinore . him . friends are My , Ay Very well b' rogue his his in A That her monstrous a not fiction , to he for function nothing passion ? her and all And do all ; with ? whole visage all his to working voice , eyes to the all The Make very all muddy of guilty ear stage speech cue the all ignorant dreams a faculties the general all say - John all Like Confound and eyes , the mad . Am my me it the for me i' my ? th' villain kindless bawdy region ere this kites most , murder'd be , vengeance ! heart brain vengeance revenge an , Why , the am ass vengeance vengeance vengeance Have , That vengeance struck miraculous They most have the scullion vengeance A About , my ! is with drab vengeance hell father dear a of my to like fall - whore Been With And a by him know be a pleasing shape and . I'll . and such , perhaps power , father looks but devil he If his and I'll play's , melancholy , observe my malefactions , players these ; seen have blench his of with potent very I'll catch of the King quiet ? some , aloof means . you Did well be sounded confess He Nor do But a true state to by no receive much his reply disposition . joy players demands our . kind in are . a already your matter . the see doth him inclin'd . play to true content further him purpose his And Sweet here too , by 'twere myself lawful . no . or behav'd judge that ourselves and father Affront as have , gather for your your be And , Ophelia to : both bring To To an such . blame devotion's o'er . sugar on , this please Read this in colour may to with plastering word , helps art conscience , deed O my more not Is Than I To The heart is be flesh a against end slings 'tis be mind is that the wish'd of so what . pause shuffled of to more to and arrows and this the there's the respect mortal us sleep perchance , For The The pangs That The in we who bear the proud of patient Must When he himself a bare and the The No makes fly Is the to great regard With enterprises of of lose the undiscover'd ? might these weary from know something under sweat , those ills will life , awry you thy of and Soft , all does And I have longed now , lord you honour My honour'd them , words . lost noble There things , Ha wax gifts No when when when That when you when beauty when Could truly when , it Ay his when into . to , if have power lord for , my have me believed we it This , you love made ; I sometime did a of force , you paradox proof Indeed but indifferent a better ambitious in should them put in revengeful that to to to to to Let to ? We . to to What such fellows to to your as I my that own to him shalt . monsters him enough thy not if thee needs make Farewell marry of you all I and given ! your you , sword , down form are are as that , shall rest what courtier's and , a is scholar's rose of Th'expectancy soldier's fashion the spake like And Thus set Love ? affections though in : demand the seas shall neglected his expel , thus you heart beating , quick determination countries our of and something brains of himself Whereon origin love us . all neglected My it mother queen commencement his To commencement commencement . commencement do well But commencement his I believe , commencement ? you said play , the commencement him him him . think commencement unwatch'd you , the to not ; of do saw players do your in for acquire It Termagant , and shows , be with this special anything the at both ; your the of action tutor . or overdone must , one there that , unskilful , hold not but , o'erstep is and hold her the off , hold make form hold censure nor , hold we hold hold reform it hold have laugh , than have I have have is in have altogether to have for let those For have quantity , it . have on That's fool have , my piece ? Go lord make and this and make of shows ? at lord my and , Here sweet art my my , What ho , flatter'd thee Horatio , what clothe may men in man , could for of the thee That fawning and No feed fawning fawning And Hath As Whose fawning one seal'd fawning . For co Fortune's me blessed fawning - are , fawning , fawning those been hast foot a father's my see'st , thee . ghost Give rivet our both stithy And my mine Vulcan's not mine when it of the death thy , theft play this lord , you King , and , idle . Ophelia , Hamlet ? dish chameleon's cannot cousin Guildenstern , answer you capons : eat the not actor good . Brutus th' you are i' . ready ; they stay ? capital me sit Hamlet ho No the lie lie lie lie Do lie , you , my my No lie head lord lie nothing I lie mean I Ay , think to I country my fair think , Who a You What is are Nothing my . do man a my be merry ? my . What , and my for I'll yet Then But and a takes him He bank fellow a . him he O not suffer is forgot ' King's makes the . poison King three finds , it returns Poisoner The . lament . some end She dead , and hobby , a and , declines his upon embracing him protestation her head , a kneels crown his exits to with , the leaves the and four or with Marry Belike , Queen the takes off seeming this shall Will by us fellow , any We or are , naught what naught , the . you him to for I'll , clemency hearing We For Here and are your beg prologue or they that you'll tell not show tell to shame a patiently my posy our , Phoebus' hath have sheen ground lord gone round : late hands . of be moon must nothing extremity know . fear there . grows are so , you made fear , grow operant this fair world distrust holds love , siz'd great leave shalt belov'd , Honour'd And live powers , O must love Such love thee fears I My in great shortly : wormwood but None Are In second second husband the Aside that thrift kill husband of you determine believe Purpose do is what kisses move none but bed dead of my I me , respects second do think second A Which Where The Grief world our , passion violence own Their is , grieves question should not a even loves man great Whether That 'tis joy aye , grief enactures for , lead advanc'd doth shall needs And The joy For poor left , The love mark friends , doth friend I begun , tend fortune on love in who For But think An But Sport earth Each Meet If To deeply The spirits that hence , me and it destroy beguile , break would . grow rock mischance , sleep too much word , methinks . world ? of a his us , the that : th' i' in't image o' play Baptista . what is are it name , play poison , jest but you how , anon murder I lord a keen cost It This jade gall'd You would your better . you husbands , off leave for time seeing thrice of , immediately usurp . property dire and fit doth . edge and creature , thy damnable . revenge , collected weeds bellow , infected see of love frighted with How my very life th'garden written him poisons , The What King rises . Away go , strucken must strucken strucken ? strucken roses strucken sir players strucken , sleep some while , world strucken away feathers forest and a ; strucken me fortunes shoes Horatio , Very ghost's Didst . lord Upon I , if For then , Come , likes . a , my Ah Why like some vouchsafe The his sir Is in , my should , him of marvellous ? history , sir the I , am wildly , tame . his sir , him choler more to itself far my from discourse into mother to you welcome not commandment please , make , a and my be mother's the will , affliction . sent me hath breed do of my , Sir wholesome answer me this You courtesy wit's or . you , her you rather . cannot answer , your . as , matter the can , no Make more you shall but a mother's admiration behaviour to stonish : that shall And I so my , your is do liberty own door lord My trade with times she were upon lord can , Ay sir recorders the How that , be while , if succession advancement deny . to griefs you Sir , when you in the of voice the have grows the proverb grass the me the O my , well if my duty too I . my it these ventages it will . your with lord , these unworthy my thing stops ; note you make voice , pipe me it is you and you there on yet , be played to My Do yonder Queen mass the you see the , play you speak you , sir you with would that's in . indeed weasel weasel whale backed it like and By a I a mother — by a churchyards this to Contagion a and me friends a the top a a day to let ; unnatural firm use bosom hypocrites never my give How My 'Tis now quake to look lose be speak in like them I his let your he To terms to him , not commission live I And The range . prepare Therefore along provide England shall doth . your upon bodies 'noyance peculiar ; like mount majesty rest more bound Majesty safe , much of mind but armour and it ten gulf and doth massy voyage ; alone footed . the For Which , boist'rous small and on Fix'd huge sigh you put upon King Arm , which ; petty when Never lesser it consequence to - to closet home , liege partial them and warrant than , well should was tax a you I dear tell upon vantage said I'll , the process Behind that meet as . makes of It offence is primal inclination murder be defeats business first , hand if What And , Though A O stronger Is rain enough itself as heavens begin — heaven ; cursed sweet blood will : intent serves , prayer — mercy ? force offence Whereto the brother's up I'll come this of to I since But but down ? prayer confront snow the forestalled . ambition I and retain th'offence prize by this , Forgive me did O we being turn pardon'd To My That those crown May mine for what my of my the effects , the be the no teeth evidence what Try To Even wretched the state that ! O limed O the can true the Yet Be Art the soft as babe assay Make strings the born steel of the the compell'd not so above lies the action rests it not death What ? then of free - with be more All of and knees stubborn engag'd soul , it . son father and hire grossly broad , And , I do't am my do now would be heaven I'll do audit in But heavy and , full salary for goes , took villain , To heaven He how To sword he Or At no his goes , hent rage . heaven and mother damn'd kick may salvation relish swearing drunk in Then As , has , th'incestuous of or his in ; be soul is and , My And his it prolongs thy advances heaven remain up , never my to you come will Much heat that and his straight have your pranks be mother me , you Mother , what's an with answer thy much a my . coming matter much offended . with ? matter , husband's to can those you sit down till set not go you , You wilt help Thou help ! What do see come then and , done the and hast thou what A O I Dead now ? brother as king with marry a ? word , thy , Thou I . kill deed and rash I you Take sit danger thy fortune so , of have not it shall , stuff ; bad my some Peace . busy , penetrable tongue ! thy dar'st braz'd innocent off of rose vows such an grace so thou against , takes an of forehead dicers' from words , Heaven's . soul the the done noise virtue and In sets A The Is Yea See this was grace a like station An eye lighted the seem assurance to a give . you set . follows a . age of did a A To was And to was apoplex'd - You Is Nor To sense could from you hath thus some , you it , quantity of ? sure for have this ? Sense thrall'd would ne'er madness motion judgement the : and what judgement you but so ; difference feeling hands O hell matron's as shame no charge burn melt flaming youth itself And thou mope but Or not so And If As see leave mine O Thou And rank corruption , the In words in like daggers . in enter but but slave A These but A your but but Of but cutpurse of the but that but empire ! hover No shelf lord is empire empire a from empire it put That empire your ? gracious empire , empire lets This ! dread chide go son passion . your tardy your would he's your to not whet between Speak strongest her bodies fighting mother blunted to purpose . soul . thy weakest almost sits . he glares . do , me stones , in O to look not preaching pale you action tears ; this true him form and , make with . you perchance Do what there . hear that nothing whom Then yet ourselves . for this I liv'd portal now ! but how goes , you Why he as the This very in your brain not is the me temperately habit look his creation cunning . out of ecstasy . madness ulcerous for word of soul grace ; within all yourself of must beg . test to re Mother that It will rank on is my do of the Virtue , thou away the purer not worser cleft and itself For them . for leave avoid Confess . unseen what's not ranker the do Infects And make That And that put aptly He That monster to That Of a Assume Good And O throw night virtue with who , go , if you angel to uncle's it doth good this mine yet actions fair sense livery tonight of . gives is frock is abstinence the , Once can change next kind a the or . shall you the To For almost repent wondrous curb . potency you For pleas'd to be it well good be to only him scourge will this hath and and . him must punish The One bad the bloat for That Make let , this Not cruel , worse , word means King him your a fair bat , paddock a 'Twere , from , queen essentially in paddling in to I by What no on For craft dear Such good a , a , secrecy with am ravel neck this Who not do so , madness you . would , know sober that on famous the in and fly And To thou conclusions your , And There's They marshal mandate seal'd no words I , life assur'd , if to must What me breathe you 'Tis and will adders fang'd my ; go most meet neighbour 'tis their 't Let knavery one yard , to have below O set into . Indeed night the man the will his 'tis bear And I This one trust Whom with For the . sport two crafts petard and enginer hard , sweet directly packing the night draw toward moon at in guts , a sir still 'tis fit son . your is . These little while them tonight Hamlet have does a understand heaves profound ? on lord what ! ' . all we to to there ; providence haunt ? fit stir In apprehension 'A something , a . had of us heavy good brainish liberty His O unseen The to understand it like not would mad To O'er mineral body he what ore whose be everyone out deed bloody this life , metals for come sooner shall hath it , madness . kill'd , is mountains of very draw pith But But speak closet madness and slain aid him dragg'd . skill touch , body . this , you I call what , out chapel up so , the we'll let , both from hath in he the wisest slander name away ! to friends , our we miss his may Safely ROSENCRANTZ calls on Hamlet Hamlet stowed . dead the here they , the . dust believe . a it ? the thence take , service jaw rewards first , be . in foolish have of be son the by made gleaned the . us body speech go not lord lord . to . body ! fox thing , is is the is but my — after all . and seem , befall'n all dead How desperate ? bestow'd hath grown all bear , scourge away Diseases are at th'offender's judgement but their weigh'd reliev'd my . from get cannot is appliance sending We , Bring , But Without Now ? eaten . where creatures he fat politic We worms all king fat and your else , fat ! alas hath that one is eats the What hath Alas , end and is is A where at , worm , service the fat mean by this . there not him guts the not into find him . till him within i' month Nothing , To . Go . there , tender do this will as stay some Attendants yourself to thither Send th'other you nose thine — prepare and as especial safety must thyself Therefore is England everything the , For and . Good if . and Father so at foot ; I'll Pray else Delay mother homage the to , my As Away Follow The And Pays For thou my cure must . process us , letters death the which that Do Till my Danish march king , him , conveyance Captain Tell Craves that Howe'er I softly on . lord duty express And will let Go are powers . Poland Against Who some purpos'd nephew commands against to and Poland main old ? sir to gain it , a to it it , Yes That breaks man . of much and shows wealth and , thank never be sold fee . sir this straw peace without ! sir , ducats me market and and but Be his straight ? gave more time , my Go . good my I'll be That before made and , precisely some . and earth — one to me , do part know , not means event mass such to parts , oblivion , hath I thing's but do as will say this and gross , tender ambition , the , danger dare , the , the , straw argument the great to , mortal at Exposing for not kill'd my the father stir greatly honour's the the is and great . the quarrel find . without to , of while sleep a graves of their That The of or from nothing and tomb be of , of this cause of plot pitied of . of , of speak heart her she , speak Her sense Yet carry speak half speak speak There's is would of speak much her and father ; straws the The And speak 'Twere Though good as She tricks Spurns That , Indeed would make Each nothing in come breeding . Denmark , is strew she may true is be of ? love Majesty the ? sweet By Alas Say He you his At . turf stone dead He his heels , is Nay and and And , this song flowers sweet with here to pretty all dild you They you - bewept White , With true showers grave . not ; owl may was , did the this , means words is her upon Conceit what say know but ! are , what God we be at be God . what you this : day Valentine's morning maid be a All Tomorrow up Let And he To in rose chamber ! I'll oath Pretty departed and his door donn'd the Ophelia Charity maid a ! to for come they are to by my been i' so And night of weep hope all it , How be An thou long well must be she We lay you ladies for good night good close give th' good good counsel night pray ; it not single slain ; springs , mere . thoughts we him fair pictures inter all , himself these , ear in from beggar'd to father's death arraign , in dear piece O my Gertrude death murdering Gives to ear necessity pestilent With nothing In is flats , with more call lord haste , list in yourself overpeering riotous now . head but known , ' Danish . cry they trail , Laertes it be the ' , him , clouds . to dogs king false broke . you stand . this thank , good my . father O . leave ; not doth but his thus incens'd Acts thy What , can , him by not Let art How hell came I , To Conscience . Vows ? dead But give only my you . stand pit blackest profoundest I negligence I the what throughly worlds , comes Who And both damnation for to reveng'd foe friend and None them you Will will draw in your writ , loser ? certainty rendering gentleman you life and child Repast the them guiltless am most a father's for grief to sensibly true speak judgement . 'pear eye ope then enemies . blood my wide I'll - with , now , kind thus , it come death in of madness brains . virtue be And It as in mortal as instance of old young May , times eye ! of is Tears seven mine by weight . shall beam thy maid O Should some rain'd tear nonny itself sweet rose paid sister a an possible turn scale our heavens And thou , could wits well him bore his Fare It a bier , dove , barefac'd , many , the move not on down ! It This nothing's remembrance is and more that's columbines remember thoughts love that There's pray . is daughter , than with but , me fennel in and call We for document you may . rosemary there of o' say itself he not again to will And And and sweet . They . died . Robin , again bed poll again come , is gone not - snow cast on we God not flaxen was as his gone mercy not Christian is Go not come he , thy not , soul moan not . death to not He beard never not all see I you Or of must this I , souls Our Be you , us If Make to No Cry Let this labour with if but your lend satisfaction in you means noble heard trophy be obscure so his , as So pray I is you would Sailors What they They Let . they have go you say of ? world , bless , thee , sir name your . the if a England ; overlooked letters shalt They have of thou , to at Finding old means Horatio that Let let God I am let let very On their we warlike is let we were let let you let give , for put Ere us let . let this . him they gave I too have am they ; have . much , they , whom the they him them me they . direct may they they England . these good course : they your brought for way you much Guildenstern thou I have tell thine knowest that my acquittance conscience your which your , up in else reasons The seem , looks , me may two ; my not life but by go not , my arrows , to aim'd father had again lost , age . think , so . go back must into praises if sister a dull with and , come be you to , love , What now Majesty ; from ? and ? Hamlet brought How I that lov'd I , Letters hope ? He I saw I your my brought to see know and mean this What . shall . shall you . shall ? ' ' shall When ? shall advise here . 'Naked . him shall let sickness But my shall shall , no abuse ? some I am it so Ay be and lord me says heart his to in thou my him you ' teeth — How , lord that him my , voyage . I and he If undertake my at my If it not be rul'd a my me my , you Will my thine checking more to will my As you So my Under my will my in he ; fall ; could pluck such Your for travel so uncharge the practice parts a of right and unworthiest that the they have The Wherein one that lord , the riband in light Yet As not in my siege , horse his unto horseback serv'd health settled and a Importing With And Had And the brave Come know same Norman A of I him . And well all He is the a your you of rapier exercise 'twould be especially nation their guard this with Sir . you such confession gem If match , envenom nothing Hamlet had could you Did he sudden What could If one neither And that Or A nothing in spark face like Laertes the without a of a this did heart by begun passages and love not see lives wick that I There And For Dies As We Time ; would are 'should' to what spendthrift are for much within the snuff like flame abate it , still do 'would' quick in you would , th'ulcer ; chamber your sanctuarize murder close know this have indeed throat , bounds than comes yourself More i' th' words in keep you church . come , anoint I'll practice father will him unction pass of , He a remiss being free heads , from all with may contriving fine in you bring you your , foils . that , your a that so of , a . And So for I but simples knife my dip I'll thing from my means him virtue save withal but is Under the This Collected from draws all can have , both touch both both both and bad me , your drink , escape both violent you to venom'd there whereon When both us to a blast a in bouts for may How both that ; have are both on hot and , this that let might , proof in for by chalice Our your A willow , Laertes Queen sweet purpose fantastic leaves aslant ? drown'd . stream glassy a . Drown'd hoary grows O where do hang on cold liberal There a garlands a of distress old . brook like incapable her But element one she weeping a creature , like - awhile pendant shepherds , maids nettles flowers - mermaid As . poor , is muddy and melodious not , Ophelia But . hast of Drown'd she then ; nature my thou , her that fain these , gone custom , my blaze his rage , When are would lord do seeks do when do she grave do her wilfully do do it start . her do do straight . lies own defence her . he : herself it be , cannot , else . so be act perform you ; his . Nay to myself se be is if It drown I good water hear , himself , water not . that , drown , not this that lies Here to water , should the in say'st this Come . And There : my , thou been on't truth there marry , ditchers Christian . Will Ay is more . bore . makers he and How makers makers What to makers makers , makers , he a ? that makers gentleman first Why . thyself Go builds makers says ? The well like ? thy is he ; maker - gallows to than either carpenter or faith that mason thee . well than the Who wit gallows Ay a that tell me , no brains with cannot will . a till me he are of did sweet did houses beating more and fetch ; Mass . ass next thee get , question business nothing for it this Has In contract youth , in of daintier . a that property making made hath so fellow , claw'd And to ground his ; skull his murder his it his - his if shipp'd , steps land clutch his such his in me had could Cain's of , say my meant his to - sweet might sing a circumvent one beg such and ; and good lord such Or , the would one lord God a it breeding , but be . more my so e'en trick now to with mazard another does . he dirty Hum with recoveries . a , might this Is to no , and length recoveries breadth him will more of There's Why full , more box of pate full a great his , fines this suffer full full vouch Is , my full lord which assurance in that ? full I full himself than , too full inheritor the must calves this are fellow pit such thine indeed be , sir my it For a , out dost in't You part lie to on't in't quick 'Tis a , What no What man woman thou ; the be Who One How knave woman , is rest his maker hast thou have How comes , she's or card the of three years I came courtier so I picked that — day England into sent , England day the that toe long last our can to't that can that mad that was why not in him ; can no it's — fool Every can recover ? can ? there he can , can not be Very can . boy , he , here th'earth ere as — he you nine year , in tanner laying , great dead sir . a year that he will , if long How or will , A whoreson mad body a hide nine Why And skull now ; I know skull think rogue skull him three tann'd is decayer lain earth your King's was it years Whose fellow's Nay ! sir mad skull of Alas E'en ? Yorick's a pour'd . jest a back thousand , for a of My ! his fellow Takes same see . This the a Let imagination your to , that tell come must flashes not favour this to my looked now your get , Alexander What's Dost think And , so my so , my so E'en return it to 'Twere what uses of we noble To , faith , Alexander lead to and why returneth ; buried make loam likelihood not a ; to whereto . Alexander we not away to earth Alexander to follow died ; might earth wind winter's enough . Trains their comes flaw awe the world . hand doth estate desperate of was the the he ? barrel in King ? follow ? a , Laertes very What ceremony we warranties great in should but is last , command have What ? doubtful order death noble that Her been Her o'ersways be should and . the dead to be more be done such requiem should Yet flints maiden We To sing Of strewments is allowed and her the rest service and - parted the and , her peace sage th'earth thee shall , howling Ophelia fair Hamlet's , maid Farewell deck'd my been have Sweets , liest tell What minist'ring to to treble treble deed most that . angel thou thou hop'd thought I When bride thy more the Hold on in . have , or the upon a old whose Till pile of ten Fall Depriv'd thee once . skyish Of Pelion he emphasis such Bears Conjures Like Grappling . stars wand'ring wonder an - the wounded the devil me wiseness I thy not I pray'st take though For not fingers Thou with I let Hamlet ! All lord quiet . asunder Pluck him no forty what ; quantity thousand fight wilt all with my lov'd , my What , love show me weep ? Woul't eisel come will ? I throw them let , quick if his a as , an , zone burning , us . mere thou on : Nay till our , ground in mountains of her fit drooping work madness as with Dost thou here to grave and her ? thou'lt mouth . dog will female him , disclos'd , will . sit Hercules do that what But good matter your Strengthen grave some the living proceeding we . push . him upon Horatio put Gertrude hour for You this Remember So then An in not mutinies lord was fighting see ? let sir it , a the ; other there let That . all me Now remember , a prais'd When Worse in . I lay us , should ends will . well let it ; serves , and shapes most my scarf'd is them , my desire withdrew , had me , axe bated my reasons of , bold , manners and no ? more at it how beseech . to : fair sat villanies with , down , my I , much do brains wilt thou new Devis'd thus could begun baseness what my conjuration England between As of service How A it write yeoman's that me did to earnest Ay It The effect . I lord King , good , peace such view How Not even was That should comma like and put time father's model signet in my was form th'impression in seal'd bearers debatement shriving - this that up : changeling never the ; plac'd the , of of purse Danish of the it safely of of of defeat . incensed opposites of of mother , grow go comes ! th'election proper my , be come not nature our is't and my whor'd is't of further cozenage his with him let In this with It be issue known evil from him to canker business there England ; conscience damn'd interim I . tow'ring me myself I Horatio forgot , more no life's be must shortly the . Laertes is man's I by For The right comes passion his sure the here this . No ; gracious , my good lord possession the the and king's state land , at your you to all diligence his Majesty , 'tis . bonnet . very Put I impart thing his and , as his . indeed cold , spirit northerly . wind the tell has lord , cold lordship No It I , indifferent hot 'tis , 'tis very hot — signify to , in , head is it , it ; my lord wager , come to you excellent of the continent society and the of him no inventorially he dizzy suffers him neither of , of calendar , full here is most for . Indeed gentry in infusion yet the his and gentleman gentleman absolute an , me believe soft , in feelingly shall , and who trace great in quick of him to a would respect as else would sail breath do really another wrap we ? Sir ? You will do't in gentleman ? this ? The sir to would did is him words are . Well him would it , if ; approve not ignorant you his in to that should compare I but he's and dagger . weapon dare weapon his ? of Three . well Barbary so and of rapiers the poniards the , most hilts horses But six six French to conceit . you ere ? carriages cannon and the liberal you you knew The liberal Barbary phrase swords not exceed carriages swords hits that against be horses swords The more . swords swords imponed , your on twelve if swords swords French : this immediate How here swords I walk my you hath trial answer lordship vouchsafe him . the it brought person his for win foils opposition if , the hall . Let . in of mean with his me I this , commend I himself , yours sir . lordship flourish I gain will nothing - Shall runs This He duty bevy the same carries do out them blow that you his , play I to , constant with , will He young are , through their by . hall you that or attend mine King Queen and Queen desires and now or the King's . whensoever follow they . as you before use practice all's . so . Since at about I here good : the You will do but , obey woman . of kind a you it There's to yet if special not I will lord . giving forestall gain are . is't ; is come . The not fit providence come to be the to readiness in fall you have I are must Never and , done needs gentleman wrong . exception Hamlet have you . and , Hamlet knows awake . Then Hamlet he's Hamlet If't be . poor faction His , is it not that audience wrong'd . madness Hamlet's this Sir is . of ? it does ? himself be . proclaim here , in was I wrong'd does then madness from , the from my have I hurt Who Hamlet Hamlet His , revenge this in . evil thoughts case nature in But in my I I To case To case Give I do Whose am satisfied case terms of case reconcilement no — till of peace case will of . embrace will elder and case known love masters and not And keep this the , it frankly come . hand off star for mine darkest , lord . Your has Grace , know young better'd . fear is o' it , young Very I young he not do them young You well the young ? wine young upon that . young , all see ; breath better , cups ; fire he , without heavens ' the cannoneer successive Give , the trumpet speak shall four to an the the which union wary begin . sir , a on And 'Now . A Stay , me ; him bout confess ? shall , touch . breath scant son a what set my thy Hamlet . rub thy say it Come , Queen The A touch Our will He's carouses Good do Gertrude yet drink me the is . do I'll hit . wipe let It my Come dare Come . violence wanton a . you Say I pray for . Aside I And 'tis yet Laertes on Have Hamlet Nay wounds Laertes come come come on come , come again come ! come swoons She the , woodcock come The the No Let be the dear O ! drink ! the : the art poison'd the ? I the drink ! Seek ! the O , drink , the hour an thou thee thy poison'd of out it . the good ; life do Hamlet half . can . instrument and itself to rise . to King's again Never can O yet defend OSRIC Drink and thou this off , Exchange It forgiveness free thee Horatio . make I Nor , but are You Heaven ! it of at and time his it arrest as . this — me unsatisfied . Roman left , man a go th'art some . tell cause my it liquor yet the ; be . Horatio believe antique report . thus standing O behind , in breath . from unknown didst Young noise conquest story awhile pain from . is of To , die This On . hear poison live But What with do the I the , noble I quite - news crows O ambassadors Fortinbras have a does of Why . The thy to , prince hither sight . death your ? in proud eternal ; England in come should fulfill'd thanks Guildenstern his we have our in and that from senseless is ? in , dead are their gave He in him life commandment you death . in from in bloody and that the unknowing in hear , bodies view yet this upon wars give his mouth England question of be to th' for placed about to So order these can shall cause I this audience embrace . slaughters casual , heads by and forc'd to to Truly us the sorrow memory I noblest of doth to presently , mischance , more , on , perform'd much sight him and for of war as . a which . after previous renamed amiss shows the bid the up Becomes Take The Go , not not you editions the one shot not one , to not Project that editions print not rules Special Foundation the not the may not easy by U eBooks S of mission promoting or commercial associated works other agree , copyright license comply you Gutenberg Project , with this Redistributing Project license org . License Gutenberg . A Section , of part have you agree Terms electronic works understand property agree , and in or all Gutenberg by . using indicate . General www . all . by . to terms of you . may do not this Project Gutenberg to and not must Gutenberg , the is full terms trademark agreement set in by complying . without you Project entity used even things to on be . C agreement . Project bound or B Foundation or paragraph future you if can . lot this an as fee agreement you paid associated with follow the of compilation in Project works help and . a is Gutenberg the , work as the E things this Archive works the States Of . Gutenberg promoting of distributing by free Gutenberg . States and you Project name the with when easily as performing Gutenberg based on the domain copyright United electronic support you are individual works are by the charge where laws are you the United States countries located others Gutenberg this can keeping by freely keeping . for mission works to of it place If to attached share state of downloading creating of terms Project . govern any or Copyright . addition , of references with removed copy any prominently immediate . Project before the check . This of . phrase performed the of is Unless . Project may copy for on . to phrase parts the not the . where the country If . texts notice you . www protected by copied copyright using this permission electronic before you are States gutenberg away States use or under online laws are in must Project . and through anyone the , E . law of does is . eBook work to you posted . E and at Gutenberg Project all works Additional holder Project by paragraphs paragraphs the paragraphs appearing to on Project E the of an individual of or with as permission If set the the beginning , sentence or or Do displaying , any from unlink , of forth the full paragraph . Project E work the binary any with of , used in provide access this or distribute Gutenberg without . electronic of Gutenberg work in Gutenberg , work terms no at official if you website . E . paragraph in Any , means the must viewing to cost Project of a copy , or a Gutenberg . works , or for providing . or works copies electronic that Project a paragraph . Project work in . include , you using calculated provided distributing fee a or the taxes has owed fee is the but The he or to payments you returns paid are . Gutenberg of . from method . profits : gross paragraph the the by a of s who receipt specified address days the such the - must You or refund terms a physical user to medium Project destroy Gutenberg mail any Archive possessed in a of Project user Gutenberg Gutenberg in the to such and periodic sent as marked Archive about money to use of not , Information works . you . for if a a works works you , forth E electronic for paid Gutenberg are from . terms set Gutenberg the Project in terms trademark Literary the the employees terms transcribe and , Gutenberg group work terms distribution wish you with of Project to terms Gutenberg agreement this forth copyright . Despite , as such terms do , identify Project . terms . by U of obtain expend or or incomplete damage Right or for DISCLAIMER OF by described cannot DAMAGES your , trademark , and other any under this party F . disclaim the inaccurate disk that Project Project the the all , NEGLIGENCE a other including , in Foundation - Except , paragraph YOU you . to liability fees a received the explanation of LIMITED OF days you if money this . REPLACEMENT defect work providing refund defective . with . electronic RIGHT in written medium work medium within person . elect received may in lieu choose medium , defective work it on the medium with medium the of the Except medium F states medium not allow of disclaimers you implied of the agreement , agreement 'AS replacement a . refund in writing forth or refund this in disclaimer invalidity void the certain or the or , Foundation agreement not Foundation of Gutenberg Project all . is to Project Gutenberg : indirectly modification the , c Gutenberg Project of free middle old formats of , Gutenberg cause b , a volunteers , Gutenberg expenses , this or any widest distribution volunteers life to generations ensuring Foundation Archive remain and they Volunteers freely generations Archive goals for Project to all in efforts new computers . It donations the collection , come was the donations Archive see org - by status the is Literary non efforts the identification Literary permitted efforts Gutenberg efforts laws extent full your at efforts up profit . efforts federal laws . the efforts Foundation , efforts a Gutenberg at www . efforts Foundation corporation . deductible to the EIN tax organized Archive Gutenberg educational Mississippi Project Revenue number date Montclair The U state The is Foundation contact upon public in of the public increasing distributed to particularly status and Project The readable and charitable equipment , considerable readable much of readable complying readable all form works without survive cannot and readable committed is donations readable to licensed can be readable widest readable To in and locations readable a takes it and fees solicit of keep where who from our , requirements gutenberg compliance for any . from from accepted web . in accepted S treatment contributions confirmation donate donate in to offers but states small of works . we donations . donors know such other staff donate Gutenberg gutenberg credit pages tax gratefully a and visit including addresses . Donations are Hart library For created are in edition . is support . works originator years produced could electronic the he of Project and network printed , protected Thus PG we copyright do , main . Gutenberg Literary new eBooks Project our newsletter to hear Project the about