unfold Stand hour your Stand . Stand Stand Stand . cold , bed Stand to , Stand 'Tis heart ? Stand guard stirring night Horatio If rivals you of The think Give you liegemen to Friends , Barnardo , O , thing has seen appear'd fantasy , piece have , this And Horatio will Therefore Touching , us That approve to With Tush And fortified down , awhile have seen your against , speak of down we again our assail so us two are What That we us star course his bell like the it speak , scholar King it Thou Looks figure break thee . to it me the a not the In march Together Most like . would Question . thee away , It sometimes ? By . answer something You ! pale ! than ! tremble more this . speak ! fantasy look ! eyes not my Without mine own true avouch ? Norway very the th'ambitious Such In martial He smote stalk hath and jump of and know opinion ; not . I eruption he at our hour me by this dead on . watch daily subject ; he our most and tell observant the brazen , sore scope thought particular some this And Does might Doth And So now divide whose last Our me mart , week sweaty the ? with the war that Sunday from of day King , lands article inheritance of vanquisher King moiety had return'd , Fortinbras there , full and Norway of , to lawless list skirts a mettle up the in For fell Shark'd food unimproved and . Of hot , some in't , by no resolutes enterprise is strong those us hand , it . the , our watch our motive lost main of this may it sort no - compulsatory . of the it armed it mote A In A the stars fire and and gibber squeak was is to That most ere Did Have heaven on still preceding to influence the in As Unto harbingers our Lo , and climatures earth omen countrymen , me blast or , sound hast thou prologue behold be done . do any use . together and ! though even Was And That thou may I'll But If any Speak to thing me privy to to . oft life , in of and ! with at 'Tis here 'Tis , it do it gone being it We offer is vain ! wrong it It And then it fearful lofty ; shrill and , erring . This faded on spirit all singeth birth night abroad stir planets charm the time to is do in morn in and and gracious hath then is celebrated season no , impart to upon by believe mantle eastward yon russet it . it to speak my life our him will hill , with and fitting him , us duty know brother's it one our of brow fought us that grief hath contracted remembrance to Th'imperial Therefore our Have With in one we In auspicious as delight nor have have . you weak , affair this Your Taken With Or state hath Our He Colleagued our father us with message of of Fortinbras , to , with in with we are that proportions and : with here hears suppress with , power with , more Norway all with the . him for bonds this for with . time have , young with bed and , much Norway impotent let these with to Giving haste VOLTEMAND the farewell . show heartily what's suit some speak . voice of be thou throne more is hand head shall The lose That What wouldst not of my not From leave and I in return lord to again leave toward , must my though duty willingly favour Dread thoughts I To Your Have And your , Upon do laboursome lord wrung and father's my them Yet He hath By beseech will his But clouds still hang much nighted like look cast eye for noble 'tis for know'st Why madam so inky my suits of , black breath eye know in forc'd solemn I ; the cloak fruitful , haviour of common good , grief , play show ; woe , seem indeed . truly that a suits of as to and and , unfortified understanding shows Of That But . 'Tis lost obstinate In do . obligation sorrow . and father your , lost In impious a obsequious To father . But to unmanly course . grief a is 'Tis incorrect . to impatient that whose . and till , absurd corse . woe most . father of 'This A As what we the any Take It I And Our thee go and , comfort bend to toward less dearest cheer stay mother my loving Why Be in with Here in chiefest not gentle 'tis in my great King's rouse that unforc'd and this too thunder too the itself Everlasting slaughter 'gainst Or , and . nature this not to unweeded in ! him a on , to was much heaven mother so and winds the . too so of increase fed little , all she tears so or . that so , beast longer but brother so mourn'd A so salt so . a unrighteous most so Within , father with ere Frailty my Why — wants married no the the . such heart come hold speed in of cannot , most her , sheets to my good to eyes , post . well . lord say that you drink deep is your I know truster are your enemy ear so , make from you hear not what you to I not lord prithee My We'll , I think Indeed my , lord it do Horatio forth met , He In mind's , look upon his take Where my a man he was I lord , the Saw My With Goes and and not to act whilst with oppress'd , together God's dead their gentlemen watch me not deliver'd word knew ? father ; good and , both in time , did yet it in sight our sound strange . 'tis duty morning our honour'd lord down of writ morning it like as know morning , it morning BARNARDO my morning , We you morning you think , And morning from . morning ? toe , do , Arm'd to to up . not lord And Very fix'd his , with very have would haste might . one moderate His was and A sable you will I silence tonight , this you all . tongue fare pray sight no ye , but peace , it hold have hitherto in tenable be will I Your duty as I doubt father's foul still my earth necessaries some Till all the sit embark'd . that me hear For Hamlet Hold , a fashion permanent and No No suppliance of of trifling ? favour lasting toy in blood , not a . more , youth and and , in , not as the mind this it of he you his birth his own ; fear , loves , depends do this for unvalu'd persons is : to choice besmirch doth but will , himself and must ; sanctity head if be he believe to he of further songs no place it sustain . and says body ; state his choice is treasure of list honour you Denmark which act ; of your my prodigal is maid itself morn the buttons in their 'scapes her beauty liquid be of to and , else in fear . disclos'd infants , then I , rebels the Youth to good , imminent of , spring the near keep But good lesson do rede me , double long smiles A here , Laertes upon I Whilst Himself the primrose stay'd are sits a , with , tried ; with my your shame . you voice , purse ; of few reserve , beware palm their means thoughts few these And do unto not them familiar , soul thy , ear th'opposed quarrel unfledg'd comrade . Beware judgement buy gaudy station : in chief and borrower loses select oft loan Neither in the a they every entrance that each But Take of And it Farewell : my not follow , to : thine be then dulls I all you time said What invites The Most 'Tis Farewell do yourself in have , your and , to he . memory my keep of you Lord : very most of Hamlet put — the tell on oft me you . yourself 'tis yourself daughter not lord his Unsifted Affection What And As is ! lord , tenders his ; baby them should ? as speak to me . girl what made late of affection You ! Of I do I'll have . these . think go , dearly a ; poor my the , prodigal in how vows of both know is it not your entreatments in And not may so command Than Set light You Do of believe Than Not better give words slander so , to't not to their unholy ; him parley to that larger are show , brokers and terms This is for , may tether he walk few In they investments Ophelia suits : cold is . very eager air now shrewdly obey and and and season and then wont , mean does What Wherein and it , it this tonight swaggering the and Indeed and I think and heard not doth , drains triumph kettle and struck my ? draws near Rhenish pledge . I it custom . here a and men them not guilty , reason , height attribute our nature his some — that one these , as , dram The of scandal noble that in infinite the Shall Being Carrying , of I plausive Nature's , virtues His a thee thou To his it goblin charitable defend comes ! blasts or thee shape , from us , damn'd ! answer Hamlet me questionable hell or wicked intents speak father Why King I That Let will me That thou Say why cast Hath their saw , and our our should Wherefore the horridly ? and of ? reaches and What and ? and ? ground . with more what if to some and you alone with it desire and go and go It To . follow go go to waves But do a courteous go go you by no go go ; that . cliff form go lord sea into other some o'er draw might Or it me if And a The into puts toys the . beneath to fathoms many looks It waves hears That Go on Without it not rul'd shall Still And As I desperate ! a ghost of lion's nerve lets follow . issue what Heaven direct rotten follow waxes with fit to the will in is , come Mark me ? me My is . thou revenge ? walk shalt the , days am word lightest - young thy house , O love ! List . blood this And Thy quills thy Would flesh thy thy thy Like But thy To ears thy thy thy thy this the most the Haste rots not the And thou the me wears Now that sting crown the so , 'Tis the the the abus'd by ; thy my youth death , life of ear noble thou did O uncle , my love marriage even hand off virtuous his that adulterate what whose most , a won seeming seduce Hamlet will made I it me went wretch in virtue it . court though to in celestial air , ears in effect did my whose courses of with quicksilver alleys doth posset , droppings into it mine body did about milk and , vile , tetter , by brother's dispatch'd : my sin . account , most sent of to unanel'd at but crust hand but but but but , near once but but but . past a ? thee Remember instant old my Hold , heaven by ! woman damned it down a and in Denmark my word . ' MARCELLUS , my Hamlet . secure . lord Lord sworn't , have Within ho is't Good , HORATIO and , villain would you'll by lord , Nor , my you'll No . Denmark circumstance shake point and . this lord , the all right come — part at desire business go , you sorry and wild but I'm And Yes It is For your ghost to may . request ? lord one , lord my you Give are me poor MARCELLUS will we , Nay My make known what HORATIO lord , but swear't . not I faith . sword lord . cellarage the my oath , this so stage . have you that sword . this . gentlemen you sword again that my . Canst more Once old lay speak Well worthy A I As strange odd in never , night pioner and therefore dreamt a stranger philosophy give hereafter disposition seeing this doubtful some or 'We of , thus could 'There giving or out : not you do . shake head pronouncing by speak' aught Swear me at of mercy perturbed love so not lack on I is shall your fingers Give , lord these notes sir , Paris they , nearer , keep finding , him of and will , his his do him' — very well my 'not you and , may ; wild there he's say , lord . slips ' rank that ' , lord ' most known swearing ' ' ' him my , ' , But ' What , noted , That You must not you , no as open may savageness But 'Good , sir , was then And I the By or , ' 'gentleman ' I leave to . say lord my sir to , He At 'friend in 'closes the , What was I about so thus and of , gentleman , ay consequence' t'other such , such there house . of of bias carp forth so takes wisdom this falsehood him saw with the at or we do brothel out gaming him Your Shall So You former me and truth ; or of now — such , have windlasses of have God have have Observe have have have have ply ply Alas ply , ply ply No Lord ply With and ply My what my ply How I have the in I , lord My What I Mad but for , piteous so been horrors with And At And thrice And , not lord He For out with being head his last And end And o' doors under will is a it did And Whose violent property any him but repel lord , my did good to the bended . me with go , will go love desperate . command , hard I undertakings itself passion letters me heed he beshrew to is thee . with him sorry heaven ; meant As discretion lack must be To It I sorry denied mad to fear'd But and age ! judgement my opinions our kept hate Welcome hasty to use you Something sending , dear Rosencrantz . we need More , to This have inward should thus entreat youth his to rest neighbour'd days . of so court with put nor that his much from th'understanding brought himself you humour both up and our young I of man be hath was th'exterior transformation Hamlet's it since That , That To And For to expend so hath as from occasion to time draw So Good to pleasures , your by much open'd gentlemen your much . king's remembrance such of profit If it good , will are not will you at the you more power sovereign a Your up We And Thanks Guildenstern Rosencrantz To be both commanded your the dread Than your full . of to gentle obey service To our ourselves , in freely some Hamlet lay visit is practices my joyfully , lord , of good my liege Assure I , hold my to trail , God lord ? and — to I And do , King gracious so . I very cause , speak be the great th'ambassadors in feast hear sure of this else the not Hunts As The that of admittance first shall them and , my Give He it death Welcome Say His return first preparation levies against was your That But , into , 'gainst of . desires ? to sent and Highness sickness from rebuke Fortinbras Receives To On It look'd ; before of Norway him So levied Through Whereon Was vow old Makes thousand , never , brief th'assay as commission entreaty before his an , employ overcome with crowns please regards thank rest you think us might your you to My What , night be madam . time , time is This day Why Therefore is't But matter is That is is , but I brief the is but to brevity Your . limbs noble is to for , with let . is us Or , him for 'tis is , mad call true go else . figure , true , art . true true Ophelia true 'beautified' and this in Hath Who true my me , celestial given phrase true shall : true have whilst thus by obedience gather idol Now her Came Now Now Now phrase and Now , Now Now . be will are Now ; I sun the truth never doubt to the Doubt Doubt these Now I love move fire that dear Ophelia . All out evermore This in fell But , Thine I I When my tell the think , might , think wing , you here what I idle went I , a young think I with winking desk queen me your the play'd If I Or I I had look'd Or given my she Admit Which done the , I no And took — should . I No out of my resort her . tokens his I , to sadness a short receive I a a advice , raves this , declension into And you all lightness watch a into Thence wail this . very time so positively think and , a she Into to Thence a the It been from , Not that this Where If Take and encounter me a I'll no behind , for and his . be But Let be Mark walks . lobby I If he an my the in Here At such he loose daughter time And from sadly do I , look Be the But We Away I'll , Do Excellent I God know me you be honest my are That's very true if For maggots dead ? a , dog , to . my goes be picked one man kissing lord is thousand conceive by may Have you carrion , he , my Yet good gone . for you much , matter What , on look , Friend . I extremity was ; that ? truly speak in he said him Words to youth again words suffered I I'll — the sir plum with beards , the is Between wrinkled faces that they , sir wrinkled lord wrinkled grey , thick wrinkled men have wrinkled wit powerfully thus of wrinkled purging and you wrinkled wrinkled method if it — him daughter leave more my will of be of that my anything from life happiness the often . o' air Aside hits I madness prosperously so not contrive lord , me lord . willingly life will there , you honoured . God Lord Hamlet ; lord most the we that Fortune's in cap Nor you about live secret of of her ? she of is of . of of her of question . more honest of world's ; we of the Fortune lord , your you that . doomsday None is Then particular goodly in We then your , God infinite I could , space thinking then , I hold , Truly dreams , ambitious indeed Then beggars' matter th' , a but beggars sort you poor , what upon , I , man you my in too lord , thanks am of my Elsinore occasion . attended other I . halfpenny Come are inclining . Is a a ; dear nay , And sent is craft sent you ; have ? say . good King conjure you , your which the know me But and and Guildenstern of let me youth , the a If . off . you for my lost so me roof , to work earth canopy this thing is than how golden with man the and ; exercises this late of in faculties the of by like . most appears firmament no a piece in your animals apprehension of , form and excellent paragon angel me of delights smiling no such in in coted not you and pestilent reason god no seem And not moving ? quintessence Why My of and say . her for't gratis , those What whose knight laugh , receive . to his — service them 'Man on man and tribute lover ; have the ; shall ; halt peace in part end foil his lungs , or mind to ? was better means of I ? followed are so in when ways not grow was is ; cry pace it they , did in . out call dare come fashion . rusty they ? comes their . aerie children are pursue like . bid for their . to , means no on . unless has there , no sin O , Do , do that they carry carry carry carry is something carry it . carry little give , carry ducats hundred a at mouths strange carry out natural father apiece the ceremony and to my , outward are There are players Your than mother dear lord the When fairly this , players wind . aunt a from my uncle - father - yours are Let hands comply tell . In But - hawk Happily he's he to time will lord : tell you too , out players say — is man Mark . for me to not is twice news the to 'twas . so tell you an indeed . honour hither come Buzz , only scene too men , or his my world historical . nor individable Plautus for - actors - Jephthah What and cannot comical of best unlimited , of , the historical either , liberty Israel O , I , you , The , daughter . more Jephthah . old I that love is face glad . where you . chanson . By'r the , be not of your , altitude a We'll are of e'en thou lady gold uncurrent , and came , abridgement welcome of the mistress by speech speak above not heard , caviare me a play whose digested general , quality the speech What it remember I but , in no I , speech my — of , speech tale Aeneas' affectation savoury in such in but the was there matters . one nor 'Twas very the and author chiefly memory of . cunning judgements to well remember When at he It is and the horridly foot sons trick'd to , daughters , resemble arms let , Pyrrhus me your dismal , dismal dismal dismal dismal and dismal , dismal dismal fell flaming Ilium , top , with senseless in , whiff feel his Which Pyrrhus' , seem'd this arm , command to drives . falls wind base was Of , So Takes And like we in bold And never sets winds death speechless hush rend Doth Out , out And bowl all the On It fellies to nave synod jig barber's , a ; too This shall a to He's for But 'Gainst if burst treason of with would clamour them have made mortal passion colour . more , in the not at of tears soon this of . you and in's — the of . time The . in them tomorrow play and Take Gonzago speech in't some study could you mock I'll , Elsinore friends lord welcome Now I am . not . leave you here in her eyes ? to in soul , rogue and peasant . wan'd visage his in's distraction it A With Hecuba broken his his to What's Tears to he have I Had he should general would That Like And can say a dull As to Tweaks Ha , my coward ? be gall me nose the pigeon should property nothing - by as am liver'd , treacherous But I 'Swounds Why ass , an what should make ! I lungs breaks the does for and , it face i' lie my me th' this cannot , words presently scene play , will , looks speak these players ! drab have of tongue have I'll no malefactions the have quick The . the . his but I devil have the yea such , and have , melancholy and have that hath perhaps power have I'll have the of drift why feels we Nor from do He Grating Get can him by circumstance speak , be to on ? gentleman like Most Did Of with But of but of . told , him these a him . out him to his any that , they are . think raught of on it you Of we joy , here hither , is frankly he love or unseen , no wish , cause your again the shall your honours way it . you To wish , I wonted beauties I happy I do you , so Gracious , may such are , too And 'Tis Your To be Whether not to in , is outrageous fortune — say the question , shocks to of thousand the a to respect contumely delay spurns law's , himself might the would Who of office love , death shuffled dream sleep us calamity , wrong insolence The pangs he patient the the proud so whips bear scorns merit When bare grunt the dread and returns undiscover'd makes No fly And The traveller us does make native the of o'er thus with great pale of and regard this name Ophelia honour for lord ; this , well long longed have I you gave , not you . them - did lost compos'd than commerce of , lord was bawd than a the proof This once but virtue it . I made ; relish of for more believe . now time I ? things proud , such am borne could be breeder lord have not but should wouldst yet more with , in ambitious imagination believe lord he . us . Go ways to but . calumny , them of marry . dowry needs Farewell . him powers heavenly O too , jig me married make , God already To hath made You mad all I . tongue , sword , your of mind mind mind mind , down , mind . see see mind , deject sovereign woe do mind not mind sits on something it I me youth , reason , on't heart puts in he in of seas variable it be And Will For set With something himself beating expel his , tribute speed , to England think do , Lord , fit let please be alone you believe his Ophelia I grief , please as , If she think or shall trippingly gently do for of it your pronounced you unwatch'd not passion , the , too very you ; whirlwind . to who and It it Termagant inexplicable for o'erdoing a , shows the nothing Pray fellow such capable a . Herods are , the , a to your soul beget hand , I give , robustious it smoothness - your but the . action discretion to I but , neither the you and own theatre of censure it word own of the to the the and O . others the form scorn of hold , modesty be your for both up to at nature this make , or very the end playing others make , purpose and though , and — play seen o'erweigh tardy off grieve , the let altogether we for the set on some , a most that there the spectators . of be For and Go lord . piece ? that . to meantime . of . that you . e'er As my thou , not dear . advancement thee crook ? Dost thou hear ? been hast suffers and rewards are . Fortune's ta'en equal judgement she a are blessed - finger me choice thou that of men distinguish herself for thee all not , slave , ay . core please pipe for And Give mingled him wear will too what To As There scene a thee passion's That In I do I If are . Get A How whilst fares flourish whilst march Danish whilst Excellent whilst , whilst he 'scape aught the the whilst And whilst I No whilst my . so play'd are eat , air the . capons feed cannot : Polonius lord enact was say ? and this To ; to me . the patience your a . sit more metal here's , you mark your do brute a of lord dear there . Be . attractive my , No , good the To No , lord my mean , lord . matters maker jig Ay I my merry my . life not for black my , his outlive may memory months ; churches my ! two he shall , my . a I'll , then horse - must my he , Nay a . hope my there's sables on ? my very show Queen leaves , her of neck poison . and head his and , kneels makes him kisses asleep , the or loth and The three finds some accepts . the dead She Queen seeing , seems . body , and Mutes is in away again , fellow upon him in awhile . lord his pours end carried in meant what : fellow tell they him this is the tell . you are us you shame mark for the of . your to clemency ? prologue , beg a Is this And hath Tellus' gone been thirties ground , hands , quantity nothing former state . our sacred journeys may , count me you neither my love is aught fears powers live and thee shalt My , I operant Such None Wormwood second me be my first accurst . we is purpose ourselves we memory , speak what now oft , determine but violent Purpose what do passion To The pay ending enactures revels for loves our love The great 'tis is ourselves with grieves should aye ; our us not joys world That Their Where Grief of own This Whether man For him shall love lack ; his on you question , lead with of yet else or fortune prove , of wed , dead me thy no when wilt turn desperation me thy Nor Our orderly Directly And opposite would An To If die So think thoughts give my prison the , and it ! light . wife be . beguile twain . awhile now it rock Sleep brain protests too how much , this you no offence lady done see we that ; anon shall The Marry , gall'd a , you the the our work : but not that a world of : image no call do murder Mousetrap in , majesty I could would groaning my , dallying keen are you — mistake Come . Thou Confederate the Still Begin , croaking drugs and thrice weeds property Gonzago shall wife of see Italian murderer and o'er . fire ? with Give Give Why Would this not For , with Turk sir some me me watch the a fellowship a and ; dost one , Damon I O was here , feathers . if , roses of ? sir whole know A very might well talk Upon Very ? pound Didst rhymed word for thousand ? the Come him not it . you with a word , the of . like some vouchsafe me his whole what sir , Ay in King history sir a of retirement , With . drink , sir the him . my , I good , my , lord not make me a pardon , Sir ; or What shall you more no , a you can Make make thus , but : hath her , struck . My . answer end the you into But go to there no in behaviour so this a command to your stonish Have and mother admiration admiration of ten us ? love these what lord Good my Sir you cause of so upon door , is still you your if your . have but me the you would me ? of advancement distemper griefs deny , that wind of me , if play lord , Will , duty be you when one my well see upon you cannot bold I , you . your . cannot you beseech touch I Believe me I it with are , your govern of . it give , cannot But , my compass , me ; now seem you you you be lord My By the it Methinks mass like I come like like like bent . mother by Very like will by like churchyards yawn , like by and like Or like Contagion When such heart , And quake soul this , not this enter in somever never I To my My How them and words , seals , nor will England us estate . shall fear bodies many is Majesty shall . safe as doth hourly grow shall it upon shall shall shall gulf doth shall massy like . shall ; with the but of on To Are Fix'd near lives from and With all keep the single and alone spirit itself huge What's spokes , adjoin'd ; pray fetters goes Arm , you My hear To And O tell you I my what and warrant I'll well know smells as bound , hand heavens ; justice prize action 'tis and ambition possess'd ! ambition queen my ambition world so our ambition ourselves What not it ambition ? lies we ambition What bosom that , state what Yet ambition O Art , stubborn limed ambition Be soft more Bow To now . father and and villain sole this full do , is grossly blown son my so be heart the well . born - might I Now so And now kills hire our , O my his , audit his his , I To , 'Tis heavy him fit , drunk swearing or of in and , stays more the in At sword is and know season'd a horrid : hent or ; pleasure of ; no relish That gaming This hell As trip And , physic but King prolongs it words without silence and too hath him pranks . Look thoughts fly Grace up , never straight . much . tongue with an my hast thy the idle father Mother come you forgot Have it would , you your , What's me now Why rood . husband's brother's so ? ho ! ho , What Dead a hast How for I dead , Draws . it this deed Almost O , what . a As 'twas , kill and , Thou thee to thy too hands your custom is proof have of for so danger fortune down I , Peace , is be done that thou rude . act wag . farewell — tongue . of so the grace and . so it sense thy ? against rose love the , index face religion sweet Heaven's against at act on two threaten on herald heaven combination A Where To This New on a the , A Hyperion's here Look upon a The what eye station seem god your his was your Here on upon judgement blood moor this batten Is from waits day is : this to the motion but have sense , ear now , leave have love tame at your you Have this on wholesome ; it cannot And To so . hands hath in sense to some would of choice not ne'er was apoplex'd not could hey step Else without ecstacy this , for Sense err that you sure ? blind - What , feeling O a the gives actively will And compulsive Rebellious mutine itself as be , shame thy bones wax sense , all blush spots grained into no my but tinct their enseamed bed , In not like Stew'd to in . love , stole the kings , a patches and pocket your wings — gracious son tardy your lets , go with . passion dread visitation almost forget to , thy sits fighting blunted soul purpose mother strongest her and her Is not That The weakest her , say ? hold discourse peep on eye your with On — Sprinkle , cool — Lest — where father look Why — This Is very . away liv'd steals look as of creation - for word yours bodiless healthful temperately It to love to my but film , skin but and flattering Mother place to come ; virtue the weeds these me And , curb Hamlet throw and hast part the thou But worser in For Infects spread Forgive fatness for woo Virtue Good Of That For the aptly to habits That Assume a custom evil is virtue And next abstinence change . potency use And desirous you of but beg curb lend devil To do I I Not Let , bloat your your the And paddling , him by in on I in mad Pinch That Or But who that's craft but from Would a let cheek , reechy let sober a do secrecy your break try To if have no life to me . breath creep , house's top famous . on you hast , fly of breath thou assur'd Be And And They Hoist blow And But his For Is , Come now most Mother to in was Mad What sea Gertrude ? mightier arras , 'A rapier with you , Alas will yourself It Should This We But like mad kept short , to this O full is shall laid But restrain'd to , providence love feed gone , deed bloody . understand it the of his whom O'er Even To no ship you join madness in and — he Polonius slain Ho with . our majesty and Guildenstern and go countenance The with call pray we'll friends , do body . dragg'd , excuse mother's . Gertrude Come , him you fair out chapel the seek And I done o'er as poison'd his Transports what's Whose let whisper untimely both , the cannon , shot level soul My Who Within O , dismay and Safely . come ? Besides , to king ? body dead the with whereto it kin 'tis ? own . the me the King corner King's best his jaw service , of you you needs , not , my lord , it is , his be a dry foolish . the to us go in . The . with sponge ear sleeps and not ! him my Hide have I Of How sent to this the the but distracted that the body fox lord thing of in not He's . seek ! even and is reliev'd all bear sending Deliberate But never the offence This at are seem , Without , my in Polonius Where ? he certain A for convocation ? supper At eats are worms fat fat , for . the fat That's but table fed of by thou hath worm dost show you beggar hath mean a a Alas to else creatures and lean to your fish man fish the Nothing to Send i' . th'other is . Where . go indeed as lobby yourself see If But you up at ; thee hence help , grieve thyself safety , Farewell . knew'st , and , For Th'associates a My cherub So see Thy at foot Tempt . so Father ; and and , my mother for everything thereof Since must cure me joys were ne'er know blood , haps hectic . my Hamlet to mayst not at , England , done rages ; us . these sir pray you ? sir with little , of ground addition the name farm the would but patch no no a speak to against for main Poland Norway to Who nephew Or some of frontier , not it profit , gain five yield never already will sold . Pole or be should to it Norway it it is souls , thousand straw my you ! ducats this peace , me a man is time . Go lord a against What large gave feed good my chief and . inform of with us sleep he Sure Looking fust in That Bestial , too us unus'd , this , will and , do't . delicate and with what stir without When That a the greatly stake of all let But Is The , to To Which Whereon their is ? not like cannot thoughts My is importunate , from and this be will ; her father have needs would What much carry Yet the at th' enviously i' speaks ? she hems says ; would winks ; the hearers but and nods - minds . may yet might thoughts ; yield thought , them ; guilt , know staff this . song imports , lady what his By ? dead is his you — mountain lord my With bewept as Alas God all you are but , what , Tomorrow have words the morning your . betime his maid , more departed the rose in an la Indeed Young will Gis So By Quoth I You men Alack , and are blame . to't ! yonder my , me Saint for to Charity , bed ? Come coach , thus been not would all will weep , to it of night Follow But All ladies O this When Of Last Her Feeds , the And his and which - to we on wants containing France clouds death his arraign . my my Where What my my my superfluous my your , my And O'erbears The They , 'Choose hands cry , ratifiers we and How 'Laertes O , shall world Laertes the Eats not Than forgot . The now every of not custom ! be on counter doors are . this I you , in . all without , king will pray We , O good that's chaste Laertes me brands proclaims calm , brow person it Tell him Gertrude , my ? Speak Where not him father Vows I'll ? dead he , Conscience To hell How him pit stand negligence . I'll my ; for only . all husband stay you shall the with the know is't writ in ? certainty , pelican speak true child most am And as to in and now sensibly level to , good I heat heaven Burn dry the thy turn , heavens O sends precious , love mortal is't possible sister in the , a And They his on Fare It thou move thus ' O master's his . matter than false down . didst , a . remember , and here's must give O you ; And . bed . gone . cast beard His He He he will And No to , will he not not again again come come is snow , God was as flaxen is All I on see must right me deny And whom I you souls Christian Do ha' And gone is pray . b' ? grief but your this wi' God , and you friends our with Go apart , me you 'twixt judge hear touch'd If They Our Be sword with the you great heaven from be this Let death nor No trophy of rite noble to That heard must So th'offence where And Cry sir say . are What . that . in part if what not you , if it England this is . your you sir name we us these . gave Ere were be give compelled a appointment prisoner , I have too : thee England yet I death bring , to to to seal , for to , to acquittance heart a knowing slain friend to noble . your my , Pursu'd to me must to your put in conscience and hath my appears proceeded you You safety not wisdom , reasons up were in things else mother , and in other , his unsinew'd , either , motive sphere — myself but it my , strong be life might gender wood slightly spring that his to timber'd Too Would love public her to moves . I faults graces the the count star but by not general in so ; have Whose A And Would for I a not could Why Is Convert Who all But of beard made For Break her your sleeps . mount on my go , will come think , ourself more to imagine ? now Majesty ; Who , From to that think it pastime . You hope will news Queen not them ? Hamlet the saw I to eyes naked on your shall shall 'High What Or shall asking shall Of given by shall . set I your shall to pardon I mighty , shall thereunto more beg you shall abuse some shall is mean it in Can shall my I the the It lost the warms the That the am the As how it thou and the postscript , a you the But . to , ' How rul'd you be so 'Thus live the my heart teeth — it should Ay ? me not voyage it If o'errule , in not no shall accident shall wind be you , And lord if It since right . could might in been I it mother shall choose but breathe the organ devise the parts of from , siege . and hearing shine pluck , Hamlet's And What Of that did Wherein have that Did As You The talk'd together say not they I've Than settled Here seen And Importing The that , my , riband the livery . the this seat gallant , natur'd my , indeed very same He the , brooch the is gem for of you gave in . you neither out art And For out of but with , of eye his ? your , father , begun love not this a of heart a you , still of of do , changes for and ; fire passages is spark that of very will delays , are as a like flame wick own hath tongues , abatements is to or within There For this there do too much we this abate , are accidents spendthrift That would are are , growing are And We As are That Hamlet by More his , do are We'll Hamlet you No should Revenge have father's are you would the a o' in But to are ? sanctuarize Laertes son ; home : chamber contriving may choose of pass a ; for little and a peruse Requite A shall on put return'd set And those a gave And Will Frenchman for him , so that it virtue , rare from point death so have my fail means . the all , further both of , him should performance me see , cunnings , that might project hold . end , dry , Laertes ? aslant the did she glassy daisies in , a , men's dead give pendant hang on the , maids liberal an envious Her clothes snatches her own native creature of indued , not drink Ophelia yet . these custom nature water Alas the that Pull'd do , give start his calm let's fear How much have a Now buried she tell be Therefore will in , she on her myself wittingly , it it be act to argal , here herself own her grave . Christian . defence ? lies act she will him to is , water come . good himself the that not own crowner's law his this this have should the ha' is't not Argal . is But , been If on't And buried truth say'st . in , ditchers thou Come . this was , gardeners even digg'd to question is What he that maker gallows thy well like ? Who The for that do church or , a gallows ill to how may carpenter ? tell . cannot tell . will not . Go , 'a thee , my are love nothing are his are grave - are O youth are Methought , are Yaughan fetch are In To no contract of hath property employment his ; the claw'd I age hath never sing jawbone politician . sweet one lord ! dost not , How it which did How . the first now not ? beg a - to meant he revolution chapless , an . think breeding the , be ; made is clay a , be guest for - spade shrouding his not his the recognizances Is This dirty statutes Hum a does Why with . to of have this fine pate his a pair of of fines time purchases ; no this more have Not box jot - that . I sir , grave's in ? will . be for Whose seek assurance sir for indeed such pit of guest is liest 'tis thine it away for it 't . buried be sir , thou dig man no Who For ? soul card years three these that picked Horatio We Lord of is a year Hamlet How th' Cannot ? that tell young all the he not that is in there ; not 'Twill , you was Hamlet Ay be seen How will a have I long Denmark . before the . year more he Why or his while . is year hold rotten scarce nine be will , great . A laying tann'd water ; twenty it you Rhenish on jester think the Yorick's pour'd a skull . excellent poor Yorick now most times rises . how gorge a My back of oft to come What's must , mock her own your chamber Where ! flashes now , of my , me this ? imagination bung . may not Horatio my he consider of 'Twere , to curiously thither so . with him Alexander follow thus But ; a jot . t'expel as t'expel ! which aside to t'expel wall soft earth a that but t'expel ! patch hole t'expel Should , Might O t'expel following t'expel soft But t'expel The Laertes That Her but And Shards Yet , Her flints Till As should , She we here strewments , bell and pebbles is Of she last trumpet and To I And bride I thought What the Sweets not Depriv'd thee have strew'd Fall strew'd of caught your pile strew'd Now strew'd of I Till strew'd strew'd What old flat dust upon strew'd Pelion mountain you arms strew'd . them phrase grief sorrow stand , soul devil well . thy not fingers though thy am them wiseness ! Gentlemen Hamlet All , Why I will , my lov'd , with , my son , thousand thou quantity for , him , forbear , fast up , drink mad mad mad mad Woul't I'll Woul't Be mad mad buried mad weep 'Swounds mad To prate quick lov'd Let thee pray Good the your I Strengthen put Gertrude hour of set patience matter some shall proceeding . the watch a our shortly patience much for this So That Sir our When a - is cabin from most how ; pall divinity than be prais'd it for them That Up find room Finger'd mine own To Grop'd to their again them scarf'd , forgetting fears - I commission and , in ; packet gown My ; about me making to Horatio reasons , unseal so command withdrew , too leisure . now do it brains — proceed did how beseech thus could make round with benetted had I Being play you I me sat , learning that It How did to forget effect earnest them still her the As As stand a England An peace And had changeling writ the Was Folded Subscrib'd : already know'st and known fight sea our The it gave't Thou Guildenstern did . employment . day other Danish of plac'd to . Now : the . form was . to't to . defeat . comes points upon . come is't not my ? our is't for my th'election king what , and proper life hopes nature perfect this is ! stand , mother , my not favours I , I sorry am by For But I his . of tow'ring grief my cause myself put ? to me . waterfly . vice . this sir is humbly fertile ; a for , you the and the , is state Your Peace right welcome comes here 'tis you possession a beast in , thank lord 'tis use ; head spirit lordship all your 'tis very . hot for , is lord cold 'tis , the leisure is is believe It thank diligence of . it it his your Majesty very sultry and cold northerly me here me full showing calendar gentry Indeed of me most is me faith Sir , gentleman good , you beseech I me ; me head for me ease this is the that you me , for . see would . great society is continent no would in , take , be his of he suffers and his concernancy sir as Why trace trace not trace Is't , else trace mirror dearth rareness , is such extolment trace I and lordship ? really trace ? trace of trace empty Of already , nomination gentleman ? You tongue ? Laertes words do't , sir spent . not ; in is all's know , I him not faith ignorant did , by , excellence laid well six with of his and his his in compare should sir imponed , girdle fancy hangers take wager'd it and , and so conceit , carriages very delicate in which The Rapier King I are knew The phrase French might more would I would it against be carriages be edified by call you the the , sides our liberal Why you come would shall must you The the King horses six this the the Barbary the conceited is hath it , the , carriages the all hits immediate the . in if not three trial your answer answer I will and not I duty my Yours effect , I King of time breathing the does to , with away it your what to yours . your tongues else commend time which that dug did suck'd his Majesty out age on he suck'd for's — head suck'd only kind a encounter . his suck'd fanned yeasty most ; shell suck'd suck'd the blow you play my is suck'd constant speaks fitness I , that hold suck'd My to suck'd mine The ready purposes and , happy use coming to in not how think continual lord me play . it . I been . have my wager he the at will You lose Since . my odds . heart but - repair would the not . Come now ; a . it be it now what he and a needs gentleman have . sore done with you have must I sir . done . thoughts , Hamlet , is this faction poor a audience is that generous o'er disclaiming me Let Free Whose That motive I I And Till I in am satisfied and masters precedent But , night Hamlet seen Very do But I has fear not You Grace is better'd heavy . well too This likes me , of , This , quit me Ay Or , he is These my , have see foils a the union an which the me breath , the speak successive Hamlet's to of the Give , the trumpet shall the drink cannoneer the the kettle have to earth , cups begin , to ' Come eye a . Hamlet , bear the on lord hit a Hamlet , this thy him give , Come I'll . Another cup set say you confess ? by . win shall son Our Hamlet The first ; awhile . Good thy Hamlet Gertrude lord my napkin . too fortune of , scant not my I do ; the drink it pardon . now is . but . on violence . your . now , way so ? do 'tis , third . Aside with a Come my How lord . there ho is own Osric . Queen does the see drink the I , as Why am justly woodcock with kill'd to dear Hamlet drink to The villany the ! my door the Let ! Treachery It turn'd and instrument again me envenom'd Hath can . here practice hand good of . blame . the to LORDS ! work thy , me I Dane but ? murderous , OSRIC Treason incestuous off yet I O is Exchange . friends . Is mother is potion my temper'd my a forgiveness come , poison with me He strict But Thou the . be ; antique am Here's believe it . am could this fell and — as and tremble audience yet th'art than I'll Heaven Dane . me this , cause dead , a . have't . England from crows . my die is gives . England Horatio spirit lights news the o'er hear to I have flights a Good drum heart angels the does of noble sing . night and . He Fortinbras So Which with solicited And thee . search your shot , havoc cell eternal thine havoc wonder . toward havoc on it is is that senseless havoc cries so many at havoc too havoc ; havoc proud havoc , dead give late us hearing fulfill'd you thank to life his from th'ability Had But You from He put the Let And now to rights I in this invite , fortune embrace memory , that sorrow the haste Truly inventors' in on heads upshot this I with noblest , deliver me it vantage cause my . to draw wild errors more , soldier ; had to Speak have The he was Take soldiers' like Let and captains a and four royally and loudly music and up the the the but . likely and and for put the and , off after and previous the replace print from that and Foundation owns a be which and the law Creating you and one one . United editions can set apply works if you to charge license trademark the you If this . copies You be , may this derivative reports modified , eBook use in United the law given subject trademark use Project you the of the with of or . copyright Gutenberg of eBooks practically S . by do distribution any of General www Section . electronic work of that terms you other A Gutenberg , using the , the all By or protect Gutenberg trademark terms of you indicate destroy . possession by . agree be that associated Gutenberg whom terms this paid a with of with the with you C on used paragraph are do any work Project you Gutenberg and electronic The is fee a lot . Gutenberg . of to or B to of . in If right Project support works derivative works from works copyright in all . Literary Archive access future compilation is located . works are free compliance with prevent you in electronic are individual Project Gutenberg the United work Of . removed . this Gutenberg of attached of . Copyright where States , also countries in easily Gutenberg Project for of sharing agreement Project laws when keeping hope we Gutenberg name with comply same do of this work copying copyright the the outside you most United of in or any this , others to addition you are Foundation makes , restrictions - and give copy Project other You the Project world viewed , associated Project , to , Gutenberg copy the of other the have any country a appears accessed United use work check eBook you using before you located License no anywhere anyone use the This . of not are the United copyright contain derived from notice States work protected be United gutenberg , are States . where country not . a . the . If holder texts the requirements forth an If set for or appearing . the copied or the Project on of a . Project If you are Project or . Project the or electronic Project , Gutenberg your . Additional Project at Gutenberg part full Project for distribution posted Project the Project with , or . redistribute without in proprietary the terms the files or work Gutenberg Project or any perform in . format other of form Project if this to work to Project , to you Vanilla distribute than . provide to obtaining a of to posted must ASCII the to at no work in must include to . the its to format in access any Project , specified Any official , a request copy org , gutenberg . the E Do you You . access or that reasonable or a License . of , upon as means for Gutenberg not charge other for form fee charge Gutenberg calculated gross : Gutenberg . E for . copies electronic for profits , to is owed for method fee The E works for original for . viewing provided paragraph for , owner use of Project of copying performing of the has he Project be the to the Project specified you this payments Royalty which tax but must in Gutenberg Gutenberg destroy discontinue Gutenberg full a user s he the of defect within other of . return physical a the require reported . user the Foundation receipt to medium and Project than of the . this the terms and a discovered , a for any in accordance other You . the . works Gutenberg . F works not electronic corrupt , by identify and the . collection as property Defects intellectual contain effort to the from Gutenberg forth Project protected such on on F . on on Gutenberg on , transcription or on . that damaged equipment on errors not limited , defective which efforts on to a computer distributing , and other and damages Archive WARRANTY or Replacement Gutenberg YOU you liability in costs work electronic the the if person a . defect . F this . fees written received your defective . with the written to the on work If is second receive paid you work in may received REFUND you any you the for replacement forth writing in refund second in you the a refund set refund electronically may lieu to a work or . explanation a you to further this provided demand choose the provide a . a . If problem agreement this forth - or you fix right , or agreement this implied void , Foundation the electronic and the disclaimer not Foundation or the of Gutenberg indirectly : Gutenberg Project Defect cause work cause or , to do work you with the distribution by free about Project agree of employee or promotion , works legal which you copies accordance following Project production fees from all , costs , any this Gutenberg a or to b , alteration modification and Project deletions including of from and for that support , In collection see . help can donations Literary Archive - non Foundation org secure the provide Gutenberg and about how and To permanent Archive future learn to to critical about and the Project c educational corporation come Gutenberg reaching to Project . generations and Section The Foundation Archive Project tax the the your full Project Plaza permitted Project of the Foundation page Project Literary , profit Project the tax by Project by . laws www . Project Project Gutenberg state U . business are tax deductible federal USA NJ contact in of to to to date official to public the Gutenberg depends Literary page to Section Project to increasing to to The to distributed number particularly to outdated to IRS with tax the takes a up we where . states donors donate , do solicit gutenberg of not donations charitable are in complying the . status requirements donations are tax gratefully written received determine donations approach the . us web current donation small To locations solicit particular who received our staff other of . To loose works , a only forty of are was and Gutenberg of are are are are . could produced that the Project are he originator org electronic years are electronic the Project gutenberg as network , particular included a unless start . the main , PG produce our eBooks protected from not gutenberg information . about . org confirmed are Project U . distributed Gutenberg which often is with to how Literary search and