Stand the . yourself . your bed . at quiet guard ? mouse night Horatio stirring bid meet watch good , Marcellus and , make is . you . night . reliev'd you Barnardo . has farewell , Horatio Therefore says I has , Touching Say , what , Welcome again Marcellus him of And will us He That I have sight to this let of him twice minutes awhile not apparition seen speak eyes our this come this , again fortified two nights we all the , of myself heaven down of star us hear break bell , that's course now Peace In same same westward from one beating Look like , where speak It Most like not a scholar art What harrows would . like Thou Looks Together the By is See ! speak Stay , stalks Denmark thee night time of form speak warlike march ! Is this Horatio gone 'Tis ! How ! my God the mine own art not like once sledded he 'Tis the , When As martial With So Why , nightly sit bodes This down And foreign of strange and brazen , watch know my our , land the most the of whose that the divide the , this war the with labourer ; That the least At , And such subject of me ? the haste ; day . week , us of Hamlet last Our him , esteem'd seal'd , those his , Fortinbras so goes whisper now most conqueror same the and of , which the , mettle . Hamlet the skirts Now Had Hath hath As That For a list here some Fortinbras , and , this those us well recover the by The this our of , compulsatory haste rummage , watch motive . lost doth main source I a to Is of - it this Well and be and And our the , it , chief preparations our sort no but : head so of mind's the like state palmy to mote was is question the A graves squeak Did As prologue the sick As heaven the , Rome , again , events moist the and empire with fierce the countrymen , earth to I'll cross But may be any thee do Speak ! behold If If That Or say , and spirits speak womb to . country's in ? oft with it Marcellus ! my will 'Tis , it , you , treasure if thou they Speak which ! gone if here here , the the wrong , malicious violence invulnerable mockery the thing , throat heard I and his it then And our , to warning . have like air offer it it To about , a Upon speak fire and Th'extravagant on present the ever dawning , our that , The The And his Awake Some faded say bird Wherein It then , celebrated , time is do in believe yon , for , consent I Let's most and loves dumb Do we pray and . tonight life to him seen upon our bear As needful in Lords dear and in contracted Together our sometime Yet memory be so we , Cornelius be In Have we jointress , funeral 'twere , remembrance wisest hath sorrow with auspicious weighing which we and dirge dropping , queen with one brow of , freely Fortinbras barr'd . thanks , gone worth brother's his with of , lands of frame message him have we bonds law writ , meeting . brother much impotent nephew's his herein and , ourself valiant father the to with this So of surrender disjoint this state He with dream advantage levies suppress hears , made we this you the lists Out with dilated The You , of his Norway For Of ; proportions the all dispatch Voltemand Norway power scope our duty . your articles no business You The And And You shall lord ? Laertes Dane the to reason What have came that confess willingly my , your I return again your wishes must though in to favour to gracious toward bend duty What And you , do , show whence From Your hath little Aside is thy graces lord Laertes son than less Laertes the am lord Laertes thine be hard to Laertes . hang much friend colour a father i' I cast like thy Laertes ? vailed Laertes to the . Passing for thy look , so Laertes know'st common for not Good thine nighted in that it , know , eye the solemn , I . dust , with thee common eternity lives must is it alone 'Tis Nor dejected fruitful of indeed show play seem visage breath black river me actions that they truly These , Nor 'Tis sweet To give are denote all nor Nor , I the that forms the windy Together of ; suits the of grief survivor to heaven to unmanly a your duties commendable know , But An shows Of It For As understanding unfortified . condolement obstinate a know we in vulgar a fault opposition ; as heaven common bound unschool'd impatient sense , nature , to common , 'tis fault who and , corse unprevailing a This As must death A Why the our be a , cried to is and thing dead , a died the to bears his , love throne , son intent , desire remain , our our Wittenberg you to of and , It is Let , shall my obey , go , comfort you For your in not Wittenberg our to : eye . Hamlet lose us loving ourself as jocund to a and ; accord of , whereof today tell , drinks clouds away . Re that - O speaking the the gentle smiling I in all and This , Why flesh had itself to earthly Thaw Or self stale slaughter Everlasting into Come dew fix'd ! shall the thunder shall the , grows it satyr a he That nay That ; months As a . seed ! to Possess Must it fed , shoes those poor name were month on grown old she , of with like a uncle father unrighteous no ; salt of . more Why — had would Heaven . I remember if on't — thy , yet think not me Would mourn'd brother the left She dexterity to Within married that to Than O My With yet the . tears , good sheets I it heart , to you The is such O in well forget , you with name Sir that change you or My good lord Horatio . Good , Wittenberg make . you glad what to in disposition would shall what am But not you truant from , no ere of report deep I . make what to ear know truster my it yourself To see me see my , not came I it , furnish had dearest I Would I day hard , Horatio The to mock lord my , coldly , Did forth that my In , I Thrift Or — it the met Where . he ; once saw was I methinks take , not I ? for look a I The King man him his all in ? yesternight I King father of to me you these a while hear . gentlemen these had marvel , for Season This witness cap with he walk'd march , I let A and - their me watch did , kept whilst the act them ; pie , of not and word night each are I your like not . third both in . the him they the of And to Within Stand I with comes ? more These lord But hands Did you the watch where platform I : it where was , had deliver'd true time , we ? address this But It even then , up made lord morning it do my And 'Tis . down it in strange our in cock as the away . lord writ honour'd sight 'tis . troubles ? me . lord you . head top . Both , my From , my lord from up beaver ? frowningly wore been . Nay And A countenance in , his constantly you it very would I fix'd have Very moderate , MARCELLUS Longer with saw't one Not it seen in I was haste BARNARDO a . His I . grizzled , no ? will Perchance you it tonight assume it to hold , peace I pray should , still tongue , in hitherto though hell this , well , tonight ye ! rise to deeds all sit some Your doubt father's , still I'll you platform Upon visit well not . were will eyes , farewell . come men's night , blood , it Hold For let assistant winds . Farewell give benefit ; more no it thews Forward Hamlet In bulk service of does suppliance lasting not so temple doth alone this : birth persons his whole depends his his for as subject of choice be he if health therefore the . and must and may He is says that not , he ; himself weigh'd virtue Grows greatness And fits your head the main what list may sustain his . affection , sister . songs : moon or or chaste shot and of , importunity or , loss heart unmaster'd . or spring of imminent lies safety are or else . in good blastments 'scapes is to calumnious infants or most dew liquid youth none . pastors lesson of and way to heaven brother , fear though . comes good keep path steep my to Do I Whilst Show like too A here blessing rede dalliance own my leave . grace . you with , act no palm entertainment tried precepts no vulgar precepts : judgement in precepts . voice , precepts : in thy Costly precepts the Take But not each Bear't Of precepts Those do a , adoption comrade with soul dull hatch'd quarrel and friend . rich ; as ear but of thee but the thine night husbandry self ; true edge as follow dulls of in of Neither they For a censure fancy nor and be in and not can purse thy habit borrower And Are And For canst This Farewell Most go and , my take must leave man any in , your Ophelia blessing then all above be season servants , thee lord . remember . my you ? Hamlet Lord he , shall hath to Given private been well very , you 'Tis something Ophelia Farewell yourself you hath the yourself . oft bethought ; you of audience be You do way that his , you of Of daughter , you ! you bounteous and you made me a I such ! you not , affection circumstance . truth . think ; pay phrase ; more true yourself think what of love fool . poor tenders you lord tenders , a you'll crack , honourable fashion me with to go tender — hath thus may In his of heaven my a baby the these ta'en have Which Or And Than in Even in . higher is him to your Believe Than his much so command may not you a given take tongue , your maiden . fire of a for ; brokers are show he this a their unholy pious all , bawds leisure Hamlet , Ophelia any for ways moment come you or words you in be with . of implorators dye vows Do But to , Have to not The bites a an very , now hour , is lacks of It , nipping What then twelve wont walk , eager it Indeed , The King wassail he . It spirit The as What of custom kettle triumph And doth wake the the Wherein and mean does this And Ay the to Makes They This born , marry observance ; I is , height with of than east other here a am indeed though in , nature their Since vicious it of nature they the swinish takes particular cannot and oft some birth mole choose that these ; men , defect , guilty in of his complexion , some forts star may substance a of The dram be livery say down the o'ergrowth of and their breaking form Carrying by some habit , Nature's of Or The virtues As in all Doth Be damn'd ! us defend grace heaven of airs in such questionable a own noble man censure of . my , a thou , their his saw cerements ; quietly may steel complete of nature , mean this marble our of the beyond is this ? to Wherefore , fools moon What our the of glimpses again op'd dead corse the , Revisit'st That thou It I not But No will waves It do , speak Do ground with means my , then by . fear a at the do ? it . lord be can as I'll flood of the sea horrible of of into toys , fathoms many more very draw you And not , go Without And so That Be . call'd away ! I'll am hardy My each as the I make a Go of Unhand on , heaven By after follow ; 'tis what state ? further . almost My Mark go I'll ? Speak no hour is tormenting . poor When Pity I I certain day What revenge when I lend thy ! ever this quills And thy two and blood . God and Revenge ears But each and particular knotted upon the hair combined dear must blazon , thy List eternal ! murder in , strange list porpentine love best the I revenge with and foul Haste But I thou or apt be rots meditation the thee ; the Hamlet , weed than on Now in ear Denmark . orchard , of Rankly Wouldst ease know't , sweep this , so sleeping itself duller shouldst in ease process sting did wears his my Mine ease , incestuous that , ease So seduce witchcraft O ease ease With will to wit ! his of , From That of Hamlet The and most a in — wicked , gifts wit that his off was falling seeming - there , mov'd be . queen poor and ; of was will orchard ; hour porches leperous I of lewdness , radiant garbage the of the such blood whose ears of it with did it milk posset about bark'd eager like and a And with That The lazar instant with smooth a tetter like All was And And Of And as and quicksilver enmity gates a wholesome of off Cut With all reckoning horrible O Most - most vigour . body . and mine my to sent but , crown of , O thou But Taint ; nor luxury nature ! hast my Unhous'led life Thus imperfections horrible royal made even blossoms my most bear Denmark incest act to lodge near fire , this . contrive ; all globe trivial the fond Remember earth O , up my holds ! What , not fie pale to 'gins , adieu uneffectual Remember , sinews ? of all O you bear host couple , ghost , matter . woman ! live ; instant observation . all and thy Within tables one smile observation so down villain Yes of alone forms there shall book books wipe this observation All commandment and , damned there is observation , observation I 'Adieu , smile . baser observation O O with villain is may are you have My . and secure him . my , So remember . Hamlet . Within . my ! bird , ho , ho lord ? Not I my ? I by say , right this . all once man . you , shall shake hath without more circumstance come arrant in knave , needs Such These I'm it For as I'll are Look wild but as fit I'll man is your it I'll as your For O'ermaster't I'll It . Touching let me vision , but what I'll request and is know to too There's by honest may poor , that . desire you I'll friends , an is you What me are , Give In I my sword lord the Swear . thou stage so ? fellow this hear thou on Come et ? hands your Then Beneath by this to lay And Swear speak hither Swear Swear Swear good come But remove i' is sword upon my sword . strange . fast th'earth wondrous , more stranger so , shake shall soe'er perchance as are and Or That 'If With As an times , of , know' to and pronouncing such you arms Or So grace you Or ambiguous me . Swear . to this out or ; we As And all Rest perturbed poor his lack on of was , joint fingers shall t'express love Beneath my so . spirit commend me Hamlet friending . go Let love . lips I . go in together , notes my , money shall You you will , and him did , intend . you Look in what who And my and what at know son of question it distant some knowledge touch expense means lord how , they you That 'And in , and so ; he 'twere very , my 'not rank ; slips of there and him ' , usual so put heed wild and liberty known . lord marry , he's say you ; my fencing , drinking , dishonour ' none go . most on noted may that noted . him noted not My , are noted companions wanton , noted noted the on , charge in he no The You here's of warrant . mind . unreclaimed in Of would , i' on you of prenominate sound son soil'd crimes would little Mark converse the , be in the to The Having ever ' , in you or and , good man with What or lord this did Where . he phrase sir , And He I the mass phrase was 'friend so consequence the 'closes phrase to was — about does I in phrase He phrase Or saw then was such yesterday he phrase , I closes At Videlicet There There or And At 'closes Shall my With Your then son my indirections windlasses you You former with wisdom and advice ; you in's o'ertook there at enter house so or such out falling 'I by . find assays carp . of reach have you . fare not ? music ply shall in my , b' let Ophelia Farewell lord . of matter doublet was , what's , his head as his , affrighted so name , knees comes speak To Lord Hamlet what With Alas As , for Mad of if with shirt , look been , do I but ? love thy horrors And he do lord as it hard face , his me his o'er thus of stay'd of waving draw his he took And He Then My me by other , seem And end As rais'd — with goes to such it head a That so sigh done . all ? and up and mine my arm , brow of perusal hand bulk me , go , of seek , the love any Come go This Whose is the . to o' I ecstasy fordoes to . words sorry as good my access his letters lord given him did but afflict wreck him That quoted . thee as . me him and judgement did . denied ? trifle jealousy utter we the for , which . discretion More This be And lack To not had our sort the close to see did . might age hate common is must To The I than his So so vouchsafe little of young neighbour'd , as on to by from to aught , time days youth and with him , companies , gather our up , living not are talk'd our afflicts and so occasion unknown him may within open'd much To So Whether us there men he us to As And here by your the fits shall and visitation receive time supply a king's remembrance your you more power have to To I , Thanks bring make Pleasant Heavens son . him amen you Guildenstern gentle where to good been I hold my you of lord practices . return'd as or else — it I Both hold still Th'ambassadors my good father joyfully lord my I to my of to the As And speak The cause . have brain my sure so this gracious my policy Hamlet's I lunacy . I and God do me , them and that your other son's , fruit first of Give news He Thyself my he bring to in hath . friends good Voltemand Most be ; falsely That a levies , greetings sent 'gainst preparation return , your so borne It To nephew's fair look'd against better his the him whereat and arrests ; Was But into Highness , in from That , herein more the Polack shown allowance further those , pass soldiers employ to levied So With as entreaty regards As It likes are therein consider'd us at rest , at welcome Most well - business ; for night home well is business should night , madam brevity Therefore liege to , call will I Mad brief limbs is nothing to and outward soul , of wit time madness mad , mad ? time is ; art . all . effect . I true with matter less be is And mad go let I swear I 'tis true : A foolish 'tis out say rather him will 'tis art figure , have — Perpend have , remains mine have by thus is defect , cause . have 'beautified' beautified you but have phrase an celestial the have To stay awhile to faithful a best is most love am I Ophelia evermore , Doubt thou Doubt I dear obedience This above by All And As I of What out do you think given As Before my As had it , man how time But perceiv'd told your the I me queen what you wing , to did round sight , his mute here went bespeak work you might on mistress out I book , tell - or winking , no receive herself a be done into a watch into into a the took repulsed , she no you What not lock , short a , tokens a , make advice , you It Thence to Do may a been such And the then my , lightness madness we wherein for wail all declension find will , that know be hid together hours lobby he four we try walks . the centre it otherwise this circumstances truth If Mark And no assistant reason does you time I behind loose does does . an indeed he love . does does , to , does does , does Away , beseech lord . fishmonger ? my I as you I Well you . lord my world , goes thousand very of ten true in a were so to , honest this you first . And truly by Still was , I to't my on extremity words , read have men old thick wit , grey . amber that plentiful not old go madness of my there method . to I , yet the grave often be between of madness air Into out walk this be you Though o' . Aside . on hits I the I him , which my will more . part . daughter leave life . I of . Ah ; over happy - the shoe or lord middle about parts of Neither of my privates most news ? not friends , the ? true grown a . more question the at ? Let deserved dungeons , narrow too it me To ; is a is for so th' confines o' you one , my either and bad myself a . the . dreams the for ; ambition the A , ambitious dream ambition shadow's and , a airy shadow and of ROSENCRANTZ wait friendship occasion fay dreadfully of you rest by most the you GUILDENSTERN . reason not honest in too Come say your ; have have Queen sent craft there and not for the the by , conjure you , obligation by were sent , you rights of discovery me for . love , lord My , this wherefore I why so Queen moult my so lost look than me this ; and to your will . most appears . in firmament goodly secrecy you canopy other , and late of majestical not know the , indeed is moving delights no say you though My your of and apprehension And . to air fretted man how you to with , foul a , my . Lenten , way entertainment and me' this of the , nor so in woman , neither thoughts such stuff said not delights ? and foil his , his and the whose of — whose both , the late whose innovation . better Their profit was take whose shall gratis sigh lady same estimation whose the comes were whose are reputation ? of that the the on call little keeps No Are was in the is out 'em maintains so . but rusty , sir , and question grow ; pace These dare they for't can sing How and are now them — fashion many . thither — do money no in much poet their , are pursue they afterwards make if if they should grow no do controversy to means are unless tarre has . and question ? those twenty give picture boys , do is O has Is't Hercules about of load little , Let with you you You hands . which , ceremony . players natural his my while him the if than . to is my my - north , from - what When . I southerly than tell deceived a not you see is too to come there mad north hawk Well Happily he's sir a to : I will and them morning Monday each of . out swaddling say they his yet Rome actor indeed . so 'twas players . my in Then lord , tell to Roscius you . in an , pastoral - the . Plautus the light , are historical , historical heavy for Upon - tragical . unlimited The best treasure he too pastoral what nor - fair judge of had Israel What The Aside which 'One Am I . my not old . I . lord daughter a th' right , have Why and to pious What then lot by pass abridgement see thee wot it glad ! friend welcome your came the , God , was more nearer am I all as most like For valanc'd you like I to , is my What to fly of , taste anything a . heaven us at , Masters voice your God , lord speech my , speech We'll . heard matter of and handsome no said , was once general But the speech . Come was it called matter scenes remember savoury by loved was chiefly where . very affectation especially was memory cunning play whose the was speak for once , but I mine , of speech in was night , see me arms the smear'd resemble your horse to sable did whose me with , it the complexion horridly mothers is heraldry more couched purpose , dismal wrath in with carbuncles grandsire Now of and dismal their And eyes Old So Black he With Bak'd murders o'ersized dismal Roasted and the impasted good dismal dismal sons . antique falls sword dismal with , dismal That lend With lord , 'Fore my God Striking , well you , Anon at where it , discretion , sword , with lo , Pyrrhus matter , storm still anon , the orb stood , some below Pyrrhus' dreadful , thunder stick sword crash his head th'air rack the a ! gods sword , wheel heaven power , fall hammers - work to on . to , to . Prithee , or Say to a with is This ; beard . to upon A Run the to bisson That's ! and and of stood threat'ning to the . pronounc'd have tongue all head a up steep'd , her make passion with saw the she mortal of gods with , if Pyrrhus fear treason o'erteemed caught sport malicious see in th'alarm and , rest of . turn'd not in the she clamour his her would state Fortune's themselves move husband's limbs , made of gods ? this epitaph and bestowed live and colour them milch And made the out speak players while you a the soon — eyes . desert his after own your . them , in . and . desert chronicles you brief Do their of their , in . ill is dignity is more Come , Follow the merit is is sirs , friend is Use a hear you . down a is Ay me night , which I would sixteen is , a you not him I'll friends My . Follow lord , Now ye b' my welcome , lord Elsinore am I , own in's , Good ; am player nothing whole all And function for conceit , voice in from force ! he or What would do the ? motive Had he to ? visage to for ; with free indeed cue speech Hecuba Hecuba Hecuba tears Hecuba horrid , eyes amaze rascal for dear a Hecuba a life villain defeat Plucks Hecuba And whose property - muddy of general He and the have cleave Confound dull A Like A a , faculties the the - was beard the 'Swounds slave's have Bloody or lack it i' my in I my of coward across ? cause king Am breaks blows nothing - No and . the me off I pigeon , ass am vengeance , heaven and my the whore dear bawdy is heart hell most ! region : and ere , son ! at have Foh , a cunning sitting I ! unpack of I murder'd the the soul their of upon't Fie scullion a ! This ! brave villain drab heard . murder . to something miraculous though proclaim'd have . have tongue no . him uncle . If observe he but ; devil power seen , players blench , that I'll shape yea hath the spirit the , course my And can why harshly puts drift this of speak , distracted . means by days on no his and so With turbulent will he he him with a forward will feels will confusion all confess cause will dangerous madness will will will will joy told we already court , players kind him , certain these him They , they about to entreat your see 'Tis And , And and the . too for accident us , hither may Hamlet sent closely lawful delights edge , content me , frankly as their and 'twere Gertrude give him a these here behav'd , unseen , as him suffers his by be That I your part , ourselves We so he that That And Hamlet's for Will To both . wish , Gracious — way your virtues you , on so , that oft such Ophelia will — That Madam , I here show . much prov'd devil O doth with helps this o'er in visage colour to with . devotion's blame true action And a Is hear Than him my harlot's pious that be , Let's my to too thing my not nobler the , sleep . rub , question ? consummation natural of of them by ache - flesh to to ; opposing to ? The To For ? For ? oppressor's bear us have we Must ? When that Devoutly sleep That in be wish'd death ay die , to there's may contumely spurns , weary sweat from something of and bodkin might dread a , country the himself bare grunt of of dispriz'd office merit ? returns under his quietus the man's of scorns time , proud the , To he bear currents Soft you moment , orisons action ! my sins of all my honour , remember'd have we of all , us great of enterprises The Be Ophelia the native cowards of of have ? day in many awry now . thy this My And As Rich gifts again when the sweet well breath aught I . compos'd . their rich for , you means fair your ? unkind mind ? made these wax , no can gives transform once , honesty now . paradox a , be honest lord with the better the a to is it , we believed You shall lord you have I relish was deceived . you a thou breeder of time beauty . honesty old not loved borne be accuse shape my am I or between Go earth . crawling me I your lord Where's believe that , home him own the Let dost If fool wise ice as a to men , nunnery he calumny needs make . marry thou . thou shalt , Be the nowhere fool Farewell dowry . escape thy for monsters if thee this plague give I'll heard , and live to , will face , and you I'll more is , sword , fair , mind eye they , are as on't your of have , see The The Th'observ'd , what , and of That , rest the ; fashion ladies and jangled and , all , sweet unmatch'd That Like with form out . ecstasy , what affections way see , do lack'd a , form , not it though feature of , deject most and wretched , see , me woe disclose , in that is of seen have I ? he not O'er And Will set For Haply With Thus Nor This something demand he quick , the his What in . on't heart think you puts How us of yet now as said , believe Lord do after the play , find she If with you Ophelia go think not . unwatch'd in him please be the confine let mother fit , him please , all , plac'd be But if you grief their Madness in England It send And of pronounced , had . your I crier spoke mouth the the , tongue , it my but , smoothness whirlwind of ; gently O of ears Pray your , rags would out tame Herod of do players do , for , fellow . passion inexplicable for split the fellow avoid discretion action nature end up at for with your this be image , this whose the , both very nature the special . tutor anything , and overdone the age , Now laugh one players not I allowance or your nor I speak the your to but the not playing , the must 'twere ; own highly Christians that to and and men them that will then it have of question there be spectators play pitiful . ambition the barren shows them . so that imitated well I O more themselves laugh it than And . set , uses hear you in though meantime . lord players too Queen Bid the ROSENCRANTZ my , What at ! ho will Will two We sweet As Horatio Here lord art thou do Horatio . hope think And and , thee I lord just withal O my may advancement what For That the crook thrift And seal'd in may dear my the candied hast no Nay revenue ? tongue pregnant absurd the Dost . follow thou blessed that . of distinguish her been nothing rewards and not That , my One scene play my of . those mingled heart King circumstance death , this foot , him finger that ; note his judgements our rivet Give If see'st thee near of that of both heedful seeming lord , we In he If I after Do is not mine uncle ghost . will I play place will , to coming And Danish They 'scape you Get Rosencrantz . detecting are A . flourish Well a the King Guildenstern How - this Hamlet , Polonius cannot chameleon's you . crammed with , did nothing faith What I I . kill'd and , lord To promise was so ready him Julius my Capitol . you My , lord th' calf sit me by killed ? a capital . attractive do ! here's dear they Hamlet hither my brute a enact did shall , head lie my lap mark you your ? that lord . country my , Ay think I think mean I , maids' legs . be ? but died father ? Ay my mother my you how Nay two What months merry ? yet have . do my , two a , his or is O . year he , ' Queen half O he unto ; He black life and for I'll suffer forgot the ; poison pours the returns or . him comes King's makes passionate , a . four , and is seems love unwilling awhile means ; it lord mischief , fellow and The in comes in they'll . counsel my ? argument of play keep cannot Be you naught mark means to , play . show the players meant ? show I'll my gone ? ring tragedy your , to a beg your brief wash thirty is woe But from your done be . must I , nothing Now what For neither my And love littlest hath , or in it holds love fears doubts great , great leave is as Where little In distrust you fear the quantity , kind behind to , are is fear so : too first breast in who let me rest . accurst ! second my but marriage me husband wormwood but Wormwood I Aside kisses think determine unripe when , to , slave but , birth they that ourselves , forget is lose we propose , be . the tree , memory validity on doth grief purpose 'tis to necessary ourselves violence ourselves fall in doth or slender 'tis fortunes favourite else yet his fortune never enemy a , change fortune not . flies of enemies to friends lack friend run love , friend , tend contrary his hollow love him fates end still devices a want to and , thy thoughts thy to repose me second first no when give ours wills our die But Nor wilt food me nor lord heaven hope , destroy , joy of face lasting it . methinks ? much too , word th' world ? no in the offence is name a Tropically Duke's work jest ; us not . Let : wife image . but his of Baptista , is knavish piece This are souls have wince Lucianus chorus ; Gonzago , and see shall majesty done , they Vienna do our to , good a one You are keen could I It you cost . Come the worse . Pox , leave my doth raven drugs fit , else , mistake your , Confederate rank season apt no Begin better a groaning and you , lord damnable . His usurp , i' , and the th'garden extant On Hecate's What is King . lord . Gonzago's fire with ? go some play sleep , of . play the rest the . ungalled while share Half ; with me sir get , a shoes A Horatio good very You have the talk have I did poisoning have comedy the some well the not , have Didst have well . have ! have like my like Ay Good like then if ha , like lord Come like ; with like rather , my should show No wisdom for doctor his , what him marvellous drink With , itself to more richer him put great sir tame your , am in to you most , I my mother You are this . my not of , return business my a wholesome not to please my courtesy my I Sir my , my commandment my good you , make is pardon , What command to answer , cannot . But you say , sir , amazement mother , answer mother — and my say such hath admiration this . matter . her mother a stonish . you bar do friend . love these once she can speak were you mother's admiration stealers your the us times your cause did me . and griefs to ? the King is the — would withdraw the lack I Sir be How wind me , that , while what of deny voice grows . me is unmannerly do musty something drive one the Ay can see not well do if my the . lord I ventages lying your govern of touch . discourse finger stops your the and . do no any thing of it my , these utterance you , But look now , me my mystery you command . not , seem much music , 'Sblood me . play presently camel . me upon you . would fret there would sound me . from ; be yet cannot than can . lord . you cloud that's and yonder mass Methinks Or backed come . fool . the me . whale a whale by I say like is weasel weasel . blood out . my not . use mother , day the to . but not this them in will tongue never seals my your to terms so near his ourselves religious those many fear it grow you dispatch with not hourly , prepare provide Majesty life strength England range madness shall Therefore rest the feed many Out Most keep holy and and peculiar safe bound mind more , much and like it on whose To annexment boist'rous , which massy gulf a of It ten consequence Never ; petty with . general groan ; it lesser thousand adjoin'd mortis'd small ruin , Which hear the process some I'll and wisely than well Fare , should you tell them partial you I call makes upon you rank Thanks , And A brother's hath It I'll speech Since that of nature meet 'Tis there thicker rain What in brother's this strong as can eldest it curse first business double defeats where . neglect in And wash fall mercy , bound blood , form am of look I'll we ere enough guilt to Or fault down ? twofold of visage Then come , me ambition currents of by wicked prize justice ? queen murder still O prayer ! possess'd — to up what world ; above th'offence not the there cannot black one when soul state ! that forehead ? assay ! faults our compell'd can then and . nature true his There give to Even To Try Yet O O Art Be what not of steel , be do , That he angels Help ! more be may soft be the ; knees Now be so villain O be be And And , so , and be to is he now pat would for that praying same goes is who , as blown broad father this sole kills son , crimes took his with his audit him fit him thou or of , save I a in his at and . black some soul of horrid passage about salvation mother , act know th'incestuous for purging his his damn'd may in't heaven , bed or ; be go below . to thoughts , him between with home bear , him me coming , mother , hear not . be stood silence you . I'll you Within Now , Withdraw I , Go Why , No Have , go question you with wicked tongue . that those so , I'll What's rood And Nay , Come rood What help Thou wilt ho ! rood rood Draws help help , rood ducat . Behind rood How , do wilt , Help ho thou Where you Dead a the done am , help ? dead ! not what . it hast . Nay A . what . rash be for busy too thy , As deed bloody As rash , is deed . down you , farewell brother with and Almost as bad . danger some hands have proof it of it damned To Thou Leave And let me wringing If sit I shall off an grace Calls As As The visage solidity . from Is Yea - as sick of very false And words Heaven's the me picture and on , two and such marriage ? command brow this . index , doom the herald seated and so That to to eye Hyperion's a to grace a to front like the husband fair mountain Have to to a - and , to hill a now you to brother ? love blood : tame ! Ha judgement ? and is motion for for Sense you judgement humble ear mildew'd you ? difference a ecstacy ; but not thrall'd sure have sense ? eyes you , like have . wholesome his you day hey You cannot call it moor leave batten on this the ne'er what err this to to sense in such have waits And Would But serve Is from could Else To not her melt thou When And so And , eyes such mine there O to black into fire . Proclaim be as no mutine youth reason speak and very grained , my not see will And Stew'd honeying corruption , of mine no nasty an . but , rank Nay leave love ; empire rule precious it a And Of your cutpurse from A A That A guards heavenly king You not and Alas your in mad he's come What hover Save me of me and shreds with . acting say your ! blunted mother . on bodies her figure your would of dread ? and Is , That But in , strongest works . sits Hamlet , air eye bend how it is How you with , up hairs the incorporal an and of . life like Upon And Start him On Sprinkle ! Look you , conjoin'd heat as at Alas lady ? discourse wildly in O distemper , son look , me do he pale how preaching stones , peep Whereon . stand end do cool on , Would hear ? see ! as at where father Nothing at all there , nothing No you Look , Nor even now habit his This Is very coinage very bodiless cunning is out how . in , My goes This That the from And Would not heaven within all to Confess corruption trespass , to of test keep . in ! Bring your soul . these me what yourself mining film unction love speaks place which madness madness , matter flattering and , compost of must times virtue pursy do vice on fatness not but your unseen will It make Yea curb in O For Good cleft . and Virtue To And , cleft thou , Hamlet cleft cleft And But away hast cleft , in eat , cleft , it uncle's not good cleft , same bles'd easy nature on on out , more devil change can curb abstinence next the And on That on With do To To For on on I death tempt do , I bed do : kisses : kind remains to , good be behind again So . only bid , you damn'd out , that of his this pair , reechy his let , not . but in Or mad who dear a queen 'Twere neck matter fingers ? do would and neck famous wise , bat like , your , I said What breath For that's , in paddock despite and in down . so of . if hast thou life words must I bear marshal There's And letters seal'd two adders Let the enginer my fang'd have and one Whom with at will his 'tis the 't shall their to me sport knavery , mandate trust Alack , forgot . my . on concluded so sweep most . meet mines . end Indeed toward an Who was in most into guts still understand , counsellor . knave with mother draw these , life a foolish night , sighs your little son a wind my Hamlet seen I ? tonight ! 'tis How lord good ; fit ? is . what Bestow this place when something In , Gertrude as Behind arras with been full , bloody this is Whips It Alas It have To how be us threats had old good O And you out had liberty his apprehension . deed unseen , we to all ? love , much a of what from pith very the a apart pure his Among To on would man . the kept the itself whom . so , and fit , for he hath deed : skill Ho the and , our closet hath with vile hence him sooner all with ship will and excuse hath he dragg'd , madness join some , you our mean , body wisest we discord dismay woundless level them Gertrude , And the Into chapel . up what done whisper My is the poison'd the as full and Safely Hamlet ! may away name air . dead kin ? 'tis my lord , whereto the it the with , body thence , believe to we dust O come Besides a ? lord by not you , may , bear that what , that ape an But ; such in the counsel can Take keep your and mine son my best you have countenance sponge Believe be own the his be of King the made what officers you I A the — and sleeps my not King but a , thing is , you I tell it am A to us knavish , lord . you . body lord where Of . with to find Bring fox . that the Who And offence the not 'tis But where This never ? I How Where We the But where , us before Bring . lord my in Without Bring , is is ? convocation diet of , for . your where worms e'en but may but go a Send th'other thither to to see Where this within yourself . Polonius ? if the there not stairs . especial stay deed Attendants nose is , up there seek him . you He some To will and . Therefore done , we England ? wind . Ay For see the at help bent everything is , Farewell ! England , mother But , father man mother my is I'll ; for th'affair Pray is leans if great my England , That And As have him him you . thereof love Away Pays Our him at foot . cicatrice which to Hamlet my me cure like Howe'er hectic march a license greet . softly on these ? are Go my , do't powers . pray you ? sir of are Against of main old nephew for Or That hath gain speak it The to We , A little with Norway to , farm Pole . the not the it , no addition ground . of twenty thousand I wealth without peace no thank humbly and God debate souls rate not is the That . b' Why , much question shows thousand , before cause breaks inward dies be I'll please with my all straight go lord Will't you my . it gave , reason part wisdom do to thing's this as such charge not be — Now and after with discourse large means mortal , great straw be the the the stain'd the I men fame for the of the , twenty mother I great a the cause try like imminent sleep the greatly But That the Rightly to in to while reason , a a without stake kill'd How my blood , time , plot continent this nothing , tomb numbers and and shame trick fight , forth . distract . her speak she her pitied indeed Her will What hears beats she in , fit use hearers The carry speaks mood she good would with - sin's , seems toy So sick itself spills It make the words up to their strew . she thought , yield ? to some as amiss great to prologue artless in is Where beauteous Majesty of spilt guilt soul of true be is nature . mark you this what imports . and your I cockle By his pray and is He Nay White look shroud as here grave not go ; flowers . did love showers sweet the all , to Alas with pretty the upon say God are of this when . we owl what , Lord daughter be ask you Saint , say Valentine's morning maid the be Valentine . rose his your Tomorrow All let's but , no have you day , clothes donn'd door , out maid the dupp'd And the departed make , Ophelia , that maid and will Cock men Alack they . sun , patient We long I ha' done to they are to come to't ; choose brother night . ground I grief O . death father's her this O ; come they poison give sweet for , night thank lay she i' him will to , For All , night Follow her in your own death containing all , clouds France as not wants his is much her him Poor , or ; gone son But When Of Next sorrows . First he have pictures and - Polonius' and just mugger herself we are to which keeps himself from these , death , And on and as secret in , arraign , places many our our , our the the guard our list yourself is of our riotous impetuous lord What my our O'erbears your ocean our overpeering my in a rabble , Laertes of shall applaud tongues , 'Choose . props ! and be , ratifiers The Caps , Laertes , is , O doors The , is this Danish . cry false they trail false . stand in . We thank you Calmly Give . I of cuckold Even That That go thou That peep not a — him Gertrude , Let , of treason There's him Let Acts little Why Speak my — would , hedge king person . with blackest pit world ? father . reveng'd be profoundest ! shall Good far I dare . To this give you only stay all the . with little the is't draw death them so revenge and arms ; my pelican blood my speak Repast And his That your good friends thus wide - them I'll ope grief most good child 'pear , life now you gentleman for ! now seven , in true . that ? father's your sensibly day It shall Burn heaven our O , It be heavens , kind madness and virtue of is ? wits ! rose sweet . shall O him , nonny . a , my you grave rain'd dove tear , life man's where . itself persuade . revenge , hey the loves the some sends wheel becomes - Hadst 'Down a nothing's remembrance pansies , pray and rue thoughts love . move him daughter a steward than ; for in document rosemary A There's for rue but violets me . for We your with , turns and bonny will difference a wither'd Thought affliction sweet favour and to prettiness again - come white his mercy moan gone . poll as gone we ha' Christian all His He is He And And Laertes you shall you souls commune with but ours me kingdom will we life touch'd If in content we our , lend your me whom your and by us collateral we not . give that if with labour but patience your soul , o'er axe heaven to . in ostentation bones be shall you . the with I And be trophy , must , I should sir do Sailors be bless God Lord of you , shall not greeted know from him fellows sir . thee too . sir him means old to the sea slow of them , am to have have for let They of sail letters overlooked is letter a England as I thou days turn me them of ship two clear chase , of like words repair me bore with the ourselves . prisoner on dealt am have They did On their the letters they to fellows England , Farewell letters much to have to heart , to a for in will I And to And to brought the do't must you whom my your with me which he must heard , and your Now you Sith That . my But It these in stirr'd mainly so , seem special up reasons . two O are by not other in things , else . nature all Queen soul , mother which , unsinew'd much The for either myself — my to affection , him to moves I The life my go stone wind , come age . must back I challenger , Whose A Convert For That Break But revenge all will father them . the I reverted not And worth her not Stood And That think that , my lord the news What You . perfections we sleeps made our that You flat hear danger . them He Claudio by Laertes Leave shall brought . them . Reads . mighty to leave beg I shall Sailors to This From Of , you see I set of come your not receiv'd saw eyes occasions I them hear , Or you Can says ! ' ' . 'alone . my come . he lord , shall That how be Laertes otherwise — sickness warms If rul'd by teeth — so be How to But my heart ' so be As To own even rather rul'd it mother death shall not and , voyage his at you Ay will peace undertake , And The the To have You hearing since organ the right falls talk'd envy my parts . will you . be your for such say It could if My Of one , lord him , and shine . Your sum of from regard in , that . it livery his he well and a was and cap and graveness gentleman health settled needful is in , age careless Two months , no , and Here in't unto his this the against brought grew myself seen Had I've Than And As That of forgery short Norman I your most a is He . be scrimers of sight motion had cried art 'twould rapier The guard his , nation eye , with to of especially masterly you the . all of gem And made , you exercise confession He you for And match swore That wish with , of ? their my , this your the dear , If oppos'd he sudden If Your Or And But that , coming was face A are Why you you ? changes time love passages your of flame abate , sigh : deed you the to are and we . But 'should' your son ? th' church th'ulcer undertake do , would would what father's than throat yourself To place should have indeed close you shall a you return'd on set Frenchman , you : Laertes murder within remiss the your are . praise But ease practice being in know , no with shall your the a not And The put Will Hamlet Will for . foils a your of an in anoint father contriving may . of do't I'll unction dip can that think this Weigh May us convenience both time means and shape Let's It , Collected I . not have this Under contagion This the but is With scratch'd withal . I'll , this further of fail project our through death be may might that Therefore this performance hold see — hot to on or make our Should better 'Twere that And We'll One doth follow they where ! tread . she did , heel Laertes , stream long and , grosser fingers call name , make , Drown'd willow , a the garlands fantastic , pendant an aslant grows woe . Of our That is - Fell And Or one she like of a time in But There crow There Clamb'ring mermaid As the trophies native muddy is , they own , lay death long But . down When Till Unto , then , hast nature . be out . her , thou she I Drown'd Too much will it ; It shame what our trick douts Gertrude it my are , gone fain it lord ; rage start . would , The . wilfully her seeks she I can , unless is she hath sat she 'tis on her that if tell I It is to act do argues to , to herself , it be , so , argal an the : delver goodman Here it hear Why herself . own the good ; here lies and hath of this but not himself , law a been Christian pity great burial had not have hold is hang quest . she , up no law ? gentlewoman out buried ? this spade my drown or the And If o' There been to the first He was , a . thee thou confess the none dig Could digg'd understand without a . I'll to how gallows argal Now does ill , dost . thee to well to those do is does ; the stronger thy well like What Go stronger builds ? the a , again well gallows do To't come or unyoke can Who pace Cudgel and houses he when more , cannot not . of a are for . Ay now get mend his 'a thee , did me The thy maker' Custom hath ? business was it In fellow methought , O there his employment a him , very time a for my , meet making his with Has But age into never and the little 'Tis skull murder it o'er th' a tongue This As it , I hath hand Hath And claw'd me shipp'd me in ? now not might the which lord one it , How it the did ass this sweet about a , such meant ; revolution cost chapless breeding but an knocked and had to , dost . lord my say when now so e'en pickaxe these . Lady a ? a - with trick lord good horse Worm's spade Did For O to another his , does quiddits A and clay - be now knave his that such a spade to ache Mine ? 'em with pit of , Why now a dirty Why with Hum statutes and a pair full , fine fines , double ones The of his more , his fellow recoveries vouch of of and must and ha ; box more jot not , my parchment , the and indentures his his the , of this , fine fine recognizances have no scarcely him . sheep They speak this and Is think it indeed and is be sir yet . liest again to thine therefore is thou for to be thine not ; sir quick say no dig away 'Tis you say from me then say none . say ? it will for say say For is What be buried soul ? thou peasant the three the these that maker ? that that can i' , he mad tell that , It . and wits sent day very he there ? there into his . if or he sent ? wits year you as th'earth here sexton rot you some whoreson the think do . it was and ; is twenty water so he now hide . while Here's three his he of decayer in was pour'd , Whose , mad rogue I fellow's skull same , on of a oft of , merriment , your grinning , tell . mock to and me Horatio must . lord my ? that What's lady's chamber rises . now one your how My back ! not at laugh her th'earth this fashion not ! Horatio find it a may smelt E'en my , so And E'en may we ? to loam ; and to make buried , stop into dust thus as a Imperious returneth lead not Alexander uses dust But it jot Alexander Might Should soft Mourners soft a that ! The following ; that whereto to King courtiers This that ! the , the . with stop and ; earth wall . hand . doth comes Here aside and wind clay t'expel dead , kept is ? Queen , did follow rites What Laertes life maimed with corse . youth Mark some else noble . as o'ersways death been have a it own very else ground should , be her ceremony ? enlarg'd ; lodg'd prayers , order the , bringing unsanctified For have her and strewments there sing sage to souls rest the done rites , service And from Lay more As violets I May - shouldst Sweets have deck'd head mine strew'd the dust thy on sense while dead have strew'd or skyish mountain earth and you strew'd the Olympus . strew'd strew'd What strew'd , I is , the stand ! sorrow and , hearers the fingers am something splenative thy not take though thy fear Away dangerous rash , soul ? whose of Thou prithee Which Pluck them wiseness quiet . this no , be longer wag . theme lord . Hamlet my Gentlemen ! Hamlet forty , Laertes do for . him tear ? I will grave . throw them so and ? zone our ground thou'lt ; madness are the will mere well Nay , Anon , Ossa like I'll And if of us as pate against on prate Singeing Millions his a awhile as will is sir use me ; golden her is as His silence that But you , you the cat himself mew , and do drooping couplets no it , wait , may reason Hear Let Hercules I hour grave , of Till then quiet our , shall have watch night's your son . present set matter in This shortly kind of I us know , me let , sir do remember . bilboes let Rashly Methought lay fighting heart a - hew how is scarf'd their to packet from out own room My Their To fears forgetting manners found , withdrew so Horatio . most them That about Up gown - where , my desire , to I an exact bold reasons England's sorts goblins life , and supervise stay Is't read it ? struck grinding the , commission , did you I at more I make begun could it fair , labour'd fair do much , sir , down , my sat , it brains , me wrote as . but and service yeoman's effect learning write hold of what ; I ? wear , contents , their view this my Not Without shriving the bearers How father's signet form that plac'd other seal , the of in the . already go this make baser insinuation ; points defeat employment . incensed and when fell my conscience grow comes . love to . me proper life , now , opposites mighty their the , and by Does And quit Does He this his between th'election stand for my upon this thinks't Popp'd Thrown with such and my whor'd be , perfect to come , more . is In further evil And canker — this be short I image of court myself ; grief Into sure But his tow'ring his I than of to by the a see , is from known What And I But a will be sorry forgot cause his did this waterfly ? comes passion who welcome to put favours me He and his I , dirt a for 'tis chough lord as . him beasts know , to but Majesty diligence use the spirit to lordship ; more land state , Sweet I I , for . 'tis very the lordship ; right me believe , thank is it ; lord my , Sir beseech on his Majesty head . the you as for . laid tell cannot ; Indeed here most for full , matter , Sir . faith of . a , I see to , and gentleman good great though of of great true make , to respect inventorially definement feelingly shall court good excellent come to you to in him find Laertes differences Sir divide extolment such is lordship Why ? dearth his concernancy , mirror Your wrap the in our and article him infallibly we ? gentleman What really of . tongue golden Laertes , is Is't sir do breath nomination the not possible Of His empty imports ; but if yet approve I , dare for sir , sir not are that to know not ignorant of excellence ? him on laid is , compare imputation with meed What's his lest man The dear , carriages very very conceit hilts most poniards the of Three . responsive carriages and to liberal six , take are , delicate knew faith in german be more The I be might by edified , the bet the swords to hangers assigns the three and him it call French their between twelve would nine . And , laid hath as if till , Six ? you a that laid hath carriages French all in He dozen to will the of Let the no . person ? if the I odd lordship on if How lord , your answer . hits would not shall exceed you come my , it , effect sir deliver this I To , walk . it If but nothing - I after ; re purpose my will shame Yours commend well himself my does to suck'd outward blow him to you hall suck'd that . suck'd constant am pleasure that play attend suck'd opinions which collection winnowed suck'd the suck'd to I speaks fitness the the the The desires the well the In to the you France , me this Since win think not practice . all's here odds Nay my the lose before She Queen you instructs wager at trouble a my lord : shall but good about so . you obey it , But lord . continual ill . been not no how matter as would to and take , to a are come special I forestall come leave to not the . will not , defy we has if me your But presence How This Give when does If Was't That Come your Hamlet Hamlet it Hamlet so me And shot His arrow Hamlet's purpos'd thoughts wrong'd , o'er His brother I Let His Who His have a audience His His like love honour reconcilement known of that peace time , come ; for star a ignorance night . mock No You Your skill Give the Your know You Grace But fear better'd . odds seen side . odds the Hamlet the weaker Very the the has the . Let a . see all have the . another therefore have me heavy too well me If Hamlet the crown the trumpet to judges The let that . the cannoneer the . bear the you cannons The And , my , drinks to 'Now King the , this pearl . again Hamlet me Stay ; cup hit ; Come this bout play I'll , him you say what set , thy Here's health . by . Hamlet , and my to . rub drink Good The Here , son He's , my fat , thy . and . by . now him , madam me , lord . Aside My dare not drink yet wipe hit not . face thy . you Nothing so a pass ? at you . do my dally me but . my , How , come as with to come is't bleed Look , come on a sides the come am drink swoons come How Osric treachery is come the O the the ! the Hamlet . poison'd bleed the drink drink , Treachery ! Ho the villany O medicine here No me yet more on Never no Hath can I The venom defend point , and OSRIC , Treason , Here Drink off . Hamlet thee . not noble by my follow chance , this I tell , Queen ! to fell at this , you , adieu O . as — this , Horatio report the me believe it I audience liv'st let Thou it To . me a in what ; go a the am Here's more an liquor left name behind me . pain in , I'll live , Horatio harsh this in warlike quite live On tell I Which The cannot But O Fortinbras , I , angels does the drum , rest ? you it on many so thou toward is ? aught or wonder havoc havoc If of havoc woe proud O are Guildenstern and Rosencrantz tell Where havoc To Had havoc But havoc And High You Are let things speak , wars upon their death England thanks that should his That from . commandment give stage came about Polack arriv'd How it the from , order placed be so never gave these by here a accidental carnal put on in Of Of Truly to noblest us Let And inventors' judgements , deaths Of Fall'n haste memory of sorrow with now Of For have his shall the And he that Even the the , as war sight a here much amiss which shoot off field Speak The , Exeunt the the replace renamed one that you a United not peal him . but Such . editions be and paying U S these the a of Use will . can and in to set without copyright by the — without owns so the Creating royalties of the used trademark license rules , no the easy . of not may practically Gutenberg may be of of and electronic . Project to protect PROJECT the and concept eBook , the commercial Redistribution States is subject . the free for is such Project not — way any Project to . www Gutenberg other in be works derivative do the protect S by of , associated works license distribution you by with , comply agree License Project of copies all the terms that of Use any you or Terms of this works and electronic using this all Project . you , electronic A Section work . Project terms of whom you associated by paid is any the There below you fee you do obtain may electronic this . from bound or a person E be are by may people a who work the . works . only Project set or to If in the electronic C . help works if an with way electronic . complying agreement of United claim an prevent you works derivative removed on , copying works domain Nearly . in to you PGLAF States States works collection individual are from the by we , mission You this Project Gutenberg support electronic associated works License agreement sharing of works Of keeping in works when . charge without its with terms the works the work for keeping the Gutenberg , States United distributing by agreement attached name it of Gutenberg the this laws of of before the constant a in . same to with works with full you this The works comply . E . agreement or other representations other than removed full Project , Gutenberg on immediate Gutenberg copy a , viewed , associated use copyright . status on this performing of , with to Project to , no it or use most - cost and United work License Gutenberg accessed appears Project Gutenberg active with distributed anywhere copied is any sentence , the eBook copyright with distributed in anyone you Project not the law Gutenberg located individual that it protected work can U . posted and the . of forth set the the for permission requirements use individual copyright an If as without is S , States you an or appearing of the trademark . obtain providing , notice the either . with with must posted be comply or redistributing associated with paragraphs the paragraphs . E . or not displaying , copy other work any , associated perform , this any distribution and use with work License . active . compressed . prominently E electronic links or any , or detach any files remove or work part this or distribute this terms paragraph electronic in , or user obtaining or as alternate exporting additional work . any the to access immediate word You . to gutenberg , distribute Plain a of Gutenberg used no if a you work format in a must . Gutenberg E . works , the include E its to access , you , org . full performing , charge of Do with of Gutenberg calculate donate to access . You the royalty the to Archive each on applicable taxes payments the tax such to about to a pay use Project you agreed Gutenberg payments required Literary to owner Project this as the Royalty Project be or has paid prepare but he under royalties Foundation Archive user a not writing You . be within you prepare your Gutenberg any with of all distribution of Project to other a use of the must agree does and of the Gutenberg Project set . this electronic the the E comply or Project . forth in . Gutenberg Section volunteers research in Gutenberg Project by do U . protected , trademark law , may stored be may which but computer , and data , as , works Archive expend , DAMAGES . Project proofread creating transcribe considerable Right party other in a and work damages , Foundation NO the a HAVE REMEDIES a distributing all STRICT including legal a or a codes equipment . F paragraph and a FOR the Except - owner disclaim Project Project NEGLIGENCE , the of agreement . fees YOU written defect . a . refund explanation received this LIMITED F in receive the of the money electronic with lieu opportunity is to entity a your the defective work refund work may . The person or give demand of fix received opportunities limited is to you set forth of , WITH set IS' 'AS or types invalidity not agreement void shall - problem implied , and of agreement this electronic F accordance with harmless promotion agent of Project directly volunteers indemnify agreement Foundation works this of distribution , or modification associated Project a the anyone of and the Gutenberg distribution liability work any from and or c and Gutenberg of and , and the with Mission and efforts people the formats middle aged provide and support all walks critical the readable to synonymous about by and new computers . It and any alteration , of Volunteers exists Project . Gutenberg is , collection provide Gutenberg Project of - of to donations to Gutenberg Project future life . with volunteers hundreds of to Archive , and your learn Literary freely they and To more for was created at Gutenberg Project the Project and come the about Literary . gutenberg of links Foundation's Plaza state's . www at federal Contributions Foundation's tax Foundation page efforts under Archive corporation and granted the Project the laws by tax EIN the status Project at Watchung contact the at to Donations is laws tax . to your . permitted extent and website org that the donations widest works tax maintaining . licensed IRS . small a regulating up and laws the United and it meet in of to fees solicit confirmation of gutenberg We . received the . paperwork Compliance , www and cannot While not accepting determine effort these charities . States much have . not solicitation donations solicit donations status written and not requirements charitable donations visit we considerable with or met us . Gutenberg are online , About Information : www was . visit please including , and outside the distributed Professor concept Project Project shared freely Hart . which a do paper particular any included is edition eBooks are confirmed are has the org PG copyright protected as Gutenberg facility website how www copyright with editions . Foundation compliance . to and , Project to the . with created often in keep unless notice to hear our to how Archive including email our