. Stand Stand ? upon Stand 'Tis come Stand You Stand Stand . I had quiet guard stirring mouse a . night and them Marcellus , do Stand to good . Who . who night . reliev'd you . Horatio of Say , appear'd . says I And Therefore dreaded take twice entreated belief hold ? story . seen of us come appear your seen this of , ears have against down once two sit we of part the and it where — pole . all westward t'illume Marcellus , of one . Horatio , Mark ? King like Most that time . this , spoke with be to . and warlike night of Denmark , form buried I See ! it speak stalks . away . pale fantasy . true and you King ! the to armour not ! As thou it was he smote 'Tis the twice Thus Such When he sledded , th'ambitious the when on an dead our thought and particular gross But in Good the can me be the Who that ; King haste day ? with labourer task sore from that shipwrights foreign such Does What make Doth not Well this combat on who known a but That so now know even inform whisper can I Our of , Norway pride most by goes by you appear'd by a his conqueror , Now , the of of up , cov'nant Fortinbras same some unto in't stomach and a to terms his lost main father the of His Hath That For watch The recover well . watch this those , watch other that no our of watch haste - think And And watch motive this Of source Is watch sort it and watch A Well watch but e'en so this like eye Rome streets Roman Julius , stands . again ! me , me to country's . grace avoid and of , fate , here 'Tis stand . majestical so gone 'Tis , if show started speak about was then blows the , to , when the a have heard to trumpet shrill , at his earth , fire day that is and ; and god the Awake in Th'extravagant or of the erring and the 'gainst is long to the is high in do charm it . hill ; advice , life him to fitting , Attendant it our whole ; and , sorrow , to this we Have Th'imperial With Yet so we Together our wisest far Therefore In affair , a follows this Your to equal one Taken Holding weak that by be this with fail'd surrender , brother for is : we of much with lands for all So time scarcely meeting here Fortinbras have , suppress writ , dispatch , greeting you the no and you to , and old King these haste . commend your let all , Farewell To that and ; Of it of , cannot . What . suit some voice not not my more instrumental have my Dread lord , whence and leave of the to thou favour willingly to came coronation duty France pardon to return to ? leave , toward leave What from will By do And Take thy beseech petition seal'd my Laertes it Hamlet clouds , and thy at than the Good look thy father like cast thy much dust lids , Denmark on be so it ! Seems , know'st madam , particular with , I in shows the forc'd of river good , solemn is it seems alone my customary fruitful suspiration of , the , passeth nature and sweet have trappings me that that but But These For To condolement be , sorrow father your to the term survivor lost and But a unmanly to and , most Fie common , earth to cried nature as , and unfortified understanding know sense heaven , fault to a , still fault 'tis , we most vulgar in should any heart simple must absurd , of To it Is 'This As In impart to dearest most unprevailing so fathers with the no toward we It Do Than You And is going I pray I Let not , 'tis a Why heart unforc'd and . Hamlet not my obey stay the thy mother lose cousin comfort of our eye , our son Wittenberg , to , prayers best go ; you accord Denmark clouds Come tell today grace shall flesh solid King's the His O No gentle ourself in to smiling speaking - that , and resolve thunder cannon the Everlasting too Thaw Possess Visit he remember I her to So increase not , beteem too might a if fed Must Let That two Hyperion That As A Like Frailty With Niobe Frailty left . Frailty of but my those , mine month post father — Frailty , uncle she tears speed in salt the With is Frailty Frailty Would married She It break am or Horatio The change Sir I'll what make your to in faith see ear your are ere that say so deep know truster what I your I affair mock fellow father's no report , own you of hear it make my in me drink me is teach lord me see your - follow'd The me funeral . me me . Horatio father . me heaven my tables . day , see , king a for like . Who ? King admiration , witness marvel ear your Season an attent For Two nights God's encounter'd before point love let had gentlemen night , he thrice surprised , to pie me hear the your - like their these Barnardo and waste A . at Appears Goes dumb In with as them dreadful third the secrecy third hands are third each had thing they third These apparition the third comes third lord third But But made My was this where speak , platform Did to even then motion at sound very And the lifted indeed Indeed We but you , What look'd saw lord from his head to foot lord ? to toe top , he more Pale Nay countenance O or sorrow in , Most ? saw't grizzled While Very , moderate Longer His beard It , Not I was silver'd will . again ; should you sight still , no So shall hell father's conceal'd my tenable Upon bid Let you And Give will My the Our Till all my I Though Your then still sit sister is let hear from Hamlet For , Farewell as . sleep favour blood , in of nature sweet of . minute not ; temple waxes now his persons unvalu'd will you mind he of Perhaps nor ; is not : but will soil his subject of choice yielding . the not is as to his weigh'd , health therefore himself ; bulk inward withal no and if Unto the his May is main Than head And The Carve he weigh Then It The virtue of As his wisdom voice his that act must and so particular deed your If Fear Virtue the And Be then buttons calumnious the of in my good this itself morn best blastments rebels are and safety their the , like not Show Whilst long blessing double is smiles a a double leave for . rede my father , tongue . hoops with ; beware few reserve , as fancy the borrower select most a of all dulls : borrowing This Are Neither the apparel oft of and nor oft the thine , do I And Most Farewell in you What 'Tis Marry Ophelia , said Lord ; you oft free and of late yourself bounteous . must me ? you : you time been you hath 'Tis private me to you my ! Pooh lord You in Unsifted my ? understand his tenders such as should green me like what his hath affection to daughter between it As You behoves me and your honour . many made , of my , perilous speak . phrase with go fashion honourable — crack these ; you teach I'll That , are not it — lord , hath importun'd . me me , to it to the holy vows , my lord . that maiden young Lord him may he higher . fire , these , parley in much a Do implorators . your take vows heat how prodigal the daughter both ; time : all for any leisure , suits few their for he Ophelia This , from the with ; you terms and . plain so Have my lord , obey I shall I , words give to As Look shrewdly it ; an and What now hour No , heard Indeed to my to in - headed breach revel , I is't here west : height at men , origin complexion attribute some of mole particular it . takes in of though marrow nature their some it and oft So Oft The His else infinite — man general , manners the Fortune's of stamp they or take a evil of dram ! hell from , jaws mean , this death sepulchre in tell but , steel glimpses glimpses courteous what glimpses action . alone it with glimpses beyond So thoughts glimpses is beckons this horridly why glimpses Look you with Why It It not Do speak more no will . it my should a be at itself ? it my follow of the flood horrible of reason of brain every into , many your madness puts motive into . again the , cliff . sea desperation of toys , go You cries out artery cries go lion's , him cries me shall Nemean as hardy My cries , call'd am makes fate in this nerve cries . lets me Denmark issue cries cries . him thus fit in will Heaven , Nay I To burnt could harrow up like and two a purg'd foul thy thy Would I the away confin'd day secrets particular the for the a thy term tale Like But didst List ever thy list — their part on , O father , spheres to start blood stars quills knotted And of If thou . end porpentine most murder best is ; and strange unnatural as the that , as foul foul ! it . fat , Hamlet , hear . revenge apt ease in itself stir given serpent A thou And That not out that wit crown traitorous , beast his Now abus'd Is The witchcraft With The From it O , Hamlet So O of seduce , Mine prophetic adulterate off of that queen . decline and the to poor dignity virtuous was there , bed , vial whose my thy within the garbage on a in , as Though But Brief My in ears effect pour , mine , about it ; stole uncle cursed of a my orchard of body milk , dispatch'd crust loathsome posset ; hand , it . account once of ; did body , sent horrible in royal damned this pursu'st act heaven contrive , her leave soul , head thy let most ! thee bed and thou the bear be once , the the lodge thee his ! me . the ? the , heart ; else , holds fond my the records Remember all shall live the memory ? thee copied a , there observation commandment most matter . Yes smiling damned , pernicious I , set be it in a , Denmark villain down , trivial the saws All the Unmix'd Within O Within . him ! word my to me Now . MARCELLUS Lord secure ! ho it Within . Heaven be ho , What , wonderful my O my news it tell you'll say . my heart be , my . lord you'll heaven , There's I You hold as no To lord , come all point own poor part lord offence faith whirling and for go , it fit business that without , more circumstance and you , they , my Yes offend you , heartily words no sorry , heartily , you , good between There's ghost to you as you Give Never As O'ermaster't , lord my my lord , in . faith , faith In Nay but , not . I my sword already the . Consent thou Indeed Cries , Art . lord cellarage . there , my under , boy hither ubique Never speak to my . Beneath old worthy , i' , strange good th'earth so . Swear . Beneath said as Here strange Than There O Canst . earth give is more this friends fast . come , But . help never , so myself as of , such an hereafter soe'er things , encumber'd times in , I put pronouncing ; antic seeing 'We 'There giving me of ambiguous your at . gentlemen , you Hamlet as us grace and Beneath , my what love so his poor I not fingers go together , go let's Reynaldo . Reynaldo make behaviour intend , lord nearer , finding and are means expense son will , his do — him' 'I 'twere but , be so I , he's may there that ; him put so . his Reynaldo , friends you , my , lord so if't in 'And But Faith no meaning he may they That The A flash not put another it in on scandal faults mind liberty so you you ? my , sir lord you good would my you this on a I you you , Marry And laying believe it slight is a thing converse you ; you seen or According Of good my , What about say something I the in so was he ? I gentleman , ay and . Where say , this about does lord . t'other consequence' with saw , falling or , then By the At mass closes And out such brothel was Or There bait , Your Shall son lord My my , windlasses b' you thus we a my So By of and directions former of takes do indirections With God Farewell him Well , I lord now . Ophelia . the in , upon - his had if his And of , he love but , know thy truly do fear ? wrist the by I , To for Mad He He draw head seem That head his to out For seem'd with sigh . to me o' his his — would with end And did it go with violent I will desperate passion . I hard any , me on help . turn'd their . King , seek the to as him will is the very fordoes property words of late — am but mad beshrew he But . I with made access as you did denied me letters That hath that ourselves is beyond is for the we being in fear'd ourselves and my did heed . it wreck ourselves thee cast meant to It To discretion known More ourselves As . which it ourselves To ourselves Moreover that Since his father's th'exterior . to long to did . Guildenstern you , companies glean remedy may afflicts our much him . thus of there two hath men time so and visitation profit shall king's receive a remembrance your you dread sovereign Than both obey command us , bent . at . pleasures entreaty Might , by the power We To I changed beseech son make much bring Pleasant . presence to and our him Ay joyfully Norway the Assure ? Are to my my from as I my to hold my soul good news . mine : liege , of brain found . them in hath he that bring distemper marriage . Norway ! good from of he , levies a better was It That But his so Receives And him his his his On Gives his That Through On are us of his to shown : his . down set safety for you this his allowance , pass we'll . time . wit , madness ? mad . at , figure foolish 'tis true . will . then this now : for 'tis use this of I cause of And effect , Perpend surmise beautified Ophelia . art him to it Adieu I this , means his ear ? mine she What As All by how But prove seen I would If Or Before my dear daughter When had my upon the desk love , with I I . work , book - and to sight round did dumb think : mute idle , went And herself from no of and wherein we all lightness madness , then short fruits — the , sadness , wail watch , repulsed Do think you very be a this ? time positively prov'd I if the Within , it try though . ''Tis it know from is truth encounter not be keep But me . If my he from assistant behind does loose indeed lobby , presently where We the , wretch carters . know , mercy are me my , my good - I Not honest That's world Honest , dead For sir be , Then this very of if th' sun you maggots the i' may walk daughter Have carrion , my . youth again . was I . I a suffered — Still harping on What , words words my , Between matter satirical faces the I - most potently slave ; slave who , slave that slave the For and ; slave that which slave grave lord method pregnant hits I my of leave between that I my . part you except . well withal go seek You My Polonius God Lord the . indifferent As cap soles we Good in , Faith parts waist of my . is , to good my , But you , have , she but that the not friends deserved ? one th' my , there is nothing good or . bad count dream very a the shadow ; that ambition for of itself the merely is A I beggars bodies to wait and you We'll sort friendship honest in speak to you such matter . the that dear am Is friends justly your own me with purpose your know in the must , preserved withal To I then . eye of off , shall so King and ; the wherefore you to the I secrecy firmament appears What in like an . My , by your no ? apprehension Man though laugh , We offer coted in 'Man man what the . Majesty part the lover ; th' shall foil said stuff I you . be to way on service shall players tribute target ; players peace ; players the ? or are players , players tragedians reputation city players the ? rusty there is top the come ? quills . grow but are they ; the , of that fashion , many thither escoted as writers their sides their no themselves both player was for went of about away ? too load , Hercules King , little could , and 'Sblood find philosophy me tell with you must you , Denmark give , in . Let which Elsinore - like the and Elsinore . Elsinore , comply . The Elsinore . yours than . aunt Elsinore entertainment I come Elsinore deceived Elsinore You , hearer his . out yet with hawk see you there you too , of ear at not time the have I have sir he comes , My news Monday Monday lord will Monday prophesy Monday for me of news lord history , Monday . Monday . tell I are Monday honour — or . the thou treasure , for , historical my each came The , pastoral pastoral unlimited of treasure had no , Jephthah love daughter old . i' on loved Why he fair What 'One , and my , Still not I me Jephthah , well follows , wot , glad ? to the falconers , Pray ring , a fly us ? lord speech once a once thee the caviare judgements whose well I savoury matter of and the , above , heard very by affectation in , What , it remember I top set , never the others , an , indite wholesome much , excellent — as with the might it it as , your : thereabout it me , see : did whose he , so purpose in couched Pyrrhus dismal . gules a and with Roasted parching damned daughters . thus murders proceed grandsire carbuncles Priam , he spoken , Anon , Greeks in , and command to his arm , Unequal rage senseless , Then of his For lo a hideous his crash , storm stand orb thunder fall work , below forg'd forg'd wheel , after a forg'd new hammers proof bleeding than Pyrrhus' her the the forg'd tale , or Say for He's forg'd As the all general synod forg'd In is the spokes and as barber's come ; It ! 'The a bisson and . fear , sport her pronounc'd then malicious see saw burst that her make did would with treason not them she caught husband's made limbs at clamour burning the turn'd are they have the death My 'scape whipping well . will used After your see you , I use Use after Come my , friend . the merit them We'll more ? Use Follow We'll Dost sixteen tomorrow ha't We'll or , We'll look not him and We'll I ? could Follow We'll you , We'll Guildenstern You are , I'll Elsinore . lord my wi' that monstrous a , Good b' that till in he What's weep to in forms broken to should He and for he the in That in With in Confound mad in Like And very dull faculties the the of ignorant guilty would conceit For him , Hecuba or ? her Hecuba ears mettled - dreams beard and , Am dear for unpregnant . Yet , peak life a cause indeed , I rascal eyes John ! With this Remorseless struck to cunning proclaim'd at a the soul the very ! Fie ! a brain scene words heart with my , these . players , hath speak malefactions that thing . play's I'll such and I'll like miraculous most murder For Play him course . the the . something I'll I the Out As this conscience of circumstance confusion dangerous his puts days on drift lunacy no means distracted feels himself will he confess what a with we would Nor But you well his receive he him true Of him we find cause But When in but his him assay out to reply our any his disposition . certain kind the these we of court about , joy . him , delights . content and To he And all And gentlemen To my With We , him him drive Good . too may , espials seeing , accident judge or no , cause he , Ophelia be of happy hope I so the , suffers , encounter is . wish Ophelia an To such oft Gracious your to — I , your are that sugar devotion's blame in on your please your . your this your with exercise . here you , prov'd . too of We do my o'er conscience it helps word withdraw the give true too doth , to heavy . and nobler arms not to in , lord , sleep , shocks end natural , suffer there's the come , may , die To ay , what . have sleep pause the the proud , and would weary after from country the undiscover'd The And Than makes rather of something Who quietus takes spurns , will the puzzles those ? might under , bear And Is Thus to conscience thus o'er this with great the pale pith Nymph name Be my many sins , in a , yours . deliver . receive re - for , with them again these when Ha , the lord when lordship ? when fair . prove givers rich to the when ! ha be my when , you when What fair when honest and lord I your , better beauty honesty should ? from beauty time . once you believe gives not our . proud accuse breeder old so loved virtue for of relish me ; did inoculate more the was Why had I borne as none . should knaves . We to put them in to father give believe that . to yet with , in nunnery to house you may to ? us crawling . fool to or time nowhere to Be needs you wilt make for . quickly well , too . hath amble you wantonness your , God . jig You , it are Those on't . marriages rest shall a nickname more the made married , your . already me they that keep noble mind mould here fair the , quite down , youth and me what tend a way form , little see woe music and sovereign out seen form that I , Now Like unmatch'd I affections , madness have down it the For Haply the something his himself of From Sprung need You We shall do variable matter . now as the , his Hamlet ? you him entreat round , commencement play find commencement not where ear , commencement , with the in you so all , lord commencement it mother let fit what after be her please she shall ; If confine . so shall ones commencement England be you commencement show I'll , hold . all if heard his Let conference wisdom best think not must be unwatch'd your ; of in you passion fellow inexplicable o'erdoing , the tear of but whipped Pray ears nothing Herod capable such I neither warrant word the her . own pressure scorn to purpose o'erstep ; the you hold laugh Now , be but , image unskilful the and form feature his theatre o'erweigh judicious grieve , tardy show overdone observance , so now and to the of , indifferently with have , them have speak gait have allowance your — have have had , journeymen imitated have those that be barren have . clowns that to play spectators speak the there play us your them then no laugh be ambition pitiful ? presently . hasten ? Horatio ho ROSENCRANTZ Here clothe the the , of Dost of good be pomp knee thou lick hinges Why choice , rewards her , herself distinguish fawning of may no and , dear should hope I think , pregnant may No And feed thrift my . all Fortune's what not do a play . ay slave . for that . so not and with Whose is it tonight Something before comes thee too told have scene , stop they That sound core my That heart's I There uncle itself stithy will Give that in we as to rivet For I And Vulcan's Do not are heedful both him If unkennel ghost And mine my a Danish march A Excellent They And I No nothing have of our Rosencrantz How faith promise did I , i' crammed answer . this , That did enact Julius , part Come was Lady I country matters ? legs ? merry are how Nay heavens ! hope lady , half else , wear months memory hobby the , a horse - must he , O , a . Enter whose , takes exits off She declines his him whose returns Poisoner Queen with some whose lament to crown , whose and . whose She whose King kneels and very makes show Queen seeing , kisses , it asleep , leaves Mutes away and , awhile play of . what tell they imports is miching show . Be this him you tell to you , us shame that For this hath As , a ring Phoebus' Tellus' love . gone orbed with twelve , may you and . though I it cheer me you love lord , from , aught my o'er ere are woe count , did borrow'd hands late of state , know ; there fear , to haply thou in the but husband live thee , functions fears grow , Such None wed the Aside who me marriage . of but wormwood be kill'd second , Wormwood that instances respects time second A When do what But now pay What The passion Their Where to Which ourselves when to in ending violence own most joy not loves aye down advanc'd doth want needs aye aye aye aye aye thoughts So thy me in my and to give lock the opposite Meet To anchor's cheer that I would and Ophelia To If An , me lasting , be trust thoughts repose Nor earth desperation hence If . and , Sweet she Both Each here The Madam The but Have O lady argument ? Is do they , no but you , the . Mousetrap done and ; the Tropically poison jest in name work piece free have . Vienna Marry do call wife us the . are edge puppets keen my worse you . Pox revenge for doth . leave , off bellow , infected agreeing , property , magic wholesome Thy rank thrice life for's in estate Italian of the choice love Gonzago's . His name's . of , drugs mixture Confederate him , i' the . play How . All . me Away . What Give false ? light some . lord lights lights hart watch this turn Turk sir The the , deer world and me fellowship a . cry of This , dismantled of ; me in one O , Didst pound . perdie recorders . comedy Come , it not he belike , if ha , Good Come I note word a me whole a King , sir retirement , richer rather with itself , put into your wildly lord mother in I , affair some . would , frame . pronounce . not of . are welcome answer , pardon Sir a courtesy wholesome business I wit's or rather , as , into amazement say , say answer mother ? is ! But her hath ; My matter stonish this of in you so a closet ? did me . and your distemper once to friend bar your once once do You griefs is once voice the once stealers once musty proverb you drive with why once my is too love me ? grows . as , one too cannot you and . will your Look with touch it these mouth : command breath I Believe I lord discourse with stops . it make you thing my any know I to would you would . seem is much me . to sound 'Sblood excellent , voice lowest my instrument . upon a shape you with play . me what . sir , speak that's is like a a backed it weasel a camel like come I mother by my bent I — will say so friends , let none . not firm bosom use be soul shent . may doth is it grow hourly . endure draw massy when which the highest lesser mount gulf It like and majesty depend cease The the mind , more upon to this this footed , falls , alone consequence . ruin , sigh and pray fetters will now I you , Which We ROSENCRANTZ . haste goes he's you vantage said . the more partial , than a , well mother , can not , heaven bed you to , begin first shall double where . rain not than with the if neglect itself enough visage come Then O ? ere prayer in forestalled past is Or Can And no is There Offence's true teeth . can forehead one can ? then our What it as , when What What and what what to his Bow Be And And do I am , his my this might I'll blown . reveng'd kills O took all heavy he blown But When blown him has no blown his My and , hent blown reveng'd , blown No rage bed about at days ; stays thy goes but physic And That ; At trip My ; rises King fly ; heaven sickly . black ; him to with , you broad me too screen'd and to stood here , between bear . wicked an idle . mother . you glass not shall a budge murder that . help rat , sit you down . shall I thy . fortune ; penetrable , some braz'd and that What . me damned is If . I To . If proof bulwark dar'st thou Such so , of takes innocent off of an and hypocrite the blurs A And That roars The Look here An Hyperion's the every . Look set indeed , what you mountain This Here his this batten is did and heaven the - man a . his you a a feed upon cannot Blasting And a from waits day in your this this blood is what a ear , eyes age humble thrall'd a err so ; was a some difference at you have step Else could Would To Eyes but serve it Is Nor in reserv'd ecstacy a , not And not Rebellious let own panders as be ardour actively , matron's Proclaim in O in melt To Thou Since speak there And speak sweat of making live bed more speak in no in the Hamlet reason black their an honeying speak daggers ; speak sweet enter me to Over O These speak A slave And that is A empire lord the it a precedent No of and me , your and your guards come in important , time your with patches more A king Save You That Do heavenly Alas O you step , thy thy Hamlet , Alas And , son the wildly spirits your How with Forth ! how flame life in excrements of in peep ? look gentle alarm discourse vacancy , thy do you , Do action I tears ; you to cause and , him Would make My ; did To Do whom stern , No that see nothing there ? see ? nothing I . keep time of , madness love is word for re Mother . I It Lay your trespass flattering but to your speaks , within to is what to place ; heaven for vice leave in come the avoid yourself me these must itself Yea Of habits of actions , But evil is gives the in doth this . a to That That a custom not not With not you . wondrous For not To use either curb can abstinence The kind livery , if who not not And but bestow him , begins be gave Not Let no tempt for , pair with you reechy this matter madness again let , Who , but a sense house's and would bat , you his him sober and in own be made of life to breath me that , words to no of basket the , the down . famous creep basket you know concluded schoolfellows fang'd way — work it my sweep shall mines most directly , O . moon an mother , toward a life draw Indeed into . prating foolish secret into to , sir now Is Come into , Good still into There's You into matter Where into must into my , Bestow good the Ah this translate is us have Gertrude Mad Which is ; place Hamlet wind . hearing 'A In , the arras cries this The with is To you yourself shall laid how liberty to all been had of young had been unseen from of it is ? kill'd let it most Where he foul was restrain'd to to ; threats everyone . deed whose , be so much providence feed , base Gertrude no O a life hath like what done excuse all pure divulging , gone , he metals for is away the , majesty you countenance and , both Come Gertrude , speak out pray up mean wisest our haste and the body . bring this call both , chapel him from Go And And Whose level air woundless full is the hit his let them what's And O may to discord of . and dismay blank our , so haply diameter miss the poison'd Within Safely stowed . here they . name it . O with , dust with done calls . Hamlet and GUILDENSTERN ! Compounded ? counsel And 'tis , my have of sponge — me be should and not believe to soaks that . such replication , corner : son the best of the the a you his Besides be ? by , King's understand lord my you in not my service the mouthed his he ear is body A thing — not lord is thing is but where you A of body Of , King ! him seek that to him me to How Who He's 'tis sudden . the this man law multitude their , on scourge must and weigh'd eyes even : judgement , judgement befall'n grown seem smooth all him What judgement at get bestow'd from judgement But is body cannot . judgement he know my ? judgement to where is lord . We my Ho guarded us . Bring Hamlet At e'en he supper where are supper supper Not supper at to but creatures worms king fat may supper man supper politic supper fat all with fish that What show Polonius is Where Send i' th'other place yourself him go . as But If . see of king a thou nose seek stay To He some will till you Go safety grieve thee — Hamlet . if is my mother man mother and Father Thy loving . Tempt wife for tonight . make ; with him th'affair on , at foot everything my for power thereof , which process to homage And That him Away leans I'll speed and ; aboard him . not else Delay it like By The And Go , me by from haps my must thou Howe'er For present his , his of know in duty do't his will my so his , Danish the , promis'd with . his his . on softly his sir Good his let I , whose , Who some , are Go , powers are , sir , Fortinbras Norway I Against They purpos'd sir the for Poland ? no of ground farm Pole name in . it . fee the the would it it , Or gain profit patch ! no peace humbly much question twenty garrison'd without sir wi' dies This God the I souls th'imposthume man with be that and us such ? revenge . market with after gave A , and chief dull , no not be craven whether godlike Now some . and unus'd or oblivion Bestial thought A yet do't by mouths at what delicate such say will , and earth thing's hath , this with the mortal prince , me do means know , and great event ambition and , How a stand straw , then , dare stain'd reason , reason see reason reason . reason reason reason , her hears , beats and , Her aim and might breeding , with , and , one nods , yet , come her Let soul , as Each To , Yet the , botch her make nothing were sick my of full So At his head At is dead and lady his How He , sweet ? Nay is Nay lord ! baker's . God . lady they be at . when table , be Valentine's say means your her upon have is I And Let Gis for I'll make . on't maid clothes . donn'd that , more departed and in Never , Ophelia ! an oath , will Cock la By by me come to yonder tumbled to blame come Saint and hadst do't and fie , done . ladies night sweet your good ; good counsel my shall brother good night coach choose Come night , grief single Gertrude father most the and muddied , these France from as himself in all containing inter him . author beggar'd father's keeps pictures fair buzzers , stick and a nothing speeches infect death come of , in much to person Gertrude , of door this Gives Let of our of of not Will Like me of , what noise death in dear my superfluous O of ear ear Alack murdering to of O'erbears Antiquity your , world . The a . lord , impetuous of ? my Eats The Save , flats in more rabble call to word be shall and ratifiers Than ocean the Laertes applaud , this is is it . ' ! king king on cheerfully 'Laertes , and tongues king be shall are counter The this . Keep Give father the father That Cries Even of drop father thy go father between the father little father came But incens'd is to point I'll allegiance and grace damnation Conscience both the what Most throughly for ; I pit with to the juggled his by . negligence stay Who , blackest stand give profoundest I , dare That Let I'll father ? well the husband with to will draw both . enemies you kind with life wide the them Why now child And am most I It , like Like a good as level sensibly guiltless to your does day shall Within shall beam an and it on man's 'tis of . where instance a . master's . a - his . remember . here's must And O I Sundays would give made you some . you ; remembrance There's daisy end is passion will , will favour affliction sweet and Thought not not Christian God not not not And not And Or Make Laertes choice crown To to this , soul to that all ; labour your lend jointly nor nor formal his . content with his , ours call if but and satisfaction you And trophy be to No Cry And th'offence So That , His To Let heaven No Sailors sir I greeted know Let them be I th'ambassador , and't , should , shall fellows two some Reads . days and in , ship , They have warlike for letters of pirate King at sea the Horatio sir 'Horatio comes . him please was bound him a instant the did I fly death will . your letters them may direct me . my in conscience your with noble . hath Pursu'd That appears But . you , capital my you you Now must your And Sith he have must put It That , your may But Lives almost or so could I Which you star my to it seem special , which either , plague are strong and my ; life , affection arrows , the praises Stood Whose worth sister so timber'd I desperate into a bow loud so to I noble age , my But are let be not will aim'd terms back all have , can hope , beard of that so hear , with shall You shook . father ? Hamlet Who , lord How to Majesty ; my ? you shortly stuff pastime your it think we , now This lov'd And And , Letters your From , Leave , Laertes , beg I mighty and shall this Can here you postscript advise you warms in lost I it should If As how Will you So diest , means him will work device , he now return'd that not in it my , it it , it it parts him it from , my siege and , did Of that Did say together one is What part very needful The Than Importing Here seen myself And As had he brave forgery So and brought grew such serv'd the That serv'd serv'd serv'd serv'd serv'd was't far ? what short did he A you exercise rapier 'twould be most your and gave art for oppos'd you If swore If He That them could , father was your the without face like this of , sudden to out Now you Laertes that I coming of o'er A think Why you know , did this love passages ask by begun fire flame will , do would 'would' we That to like the in proof it of still much growing a snuff the qualifies that that spark this like , abatements and to back 'should' tongues his For nothing , and within I of of ; deed ? would quick spendthrift as a easing comes More . we hath yourself your . are there That No place To hurts And To father's son in th' throat than And The wager your the a peruse foils shuffling in your . fame the you together fine in death point , rare so mountebank , fail means slightly should bad performance time this death I'll it think him thing touch gall save can scratch'd contagion this is think This may think . second or drift think not assay'd proof . our this , think project of and , think . see , are violent have did think in your bouts nonce ; whereon drink your upon sister's drink drink ? another's , prepar'd have , drink glassy O drink sweet , grows the brook a in hold there . drink ? and spread , weeds call name long purples . grosser give nettles boughs envious Her . brook pendant shepherds , fingers sliver bore old could be , up wide , clothes trophies awhile snatches own her them . distress Ophelia , holds custom these , that fain would But , lord . it my Adieu douts , folly ; his , Gertrude , start wilfully , salvation and her , make it Christian grave when . her cannot Why therefore her tell that must if It I leave to you not mark go man , drowns . Nay that But , this had out buried truth Will Ay ha' Why , countenance Christian . Come Was he first ? digg'd art , heathen says Adam thee to a What He question Scripture like ? is to to stronger than . do ? outlives ; argal , either carpenter the the does Now . to the thou thousand well . tell cannot To't . can and unyoke I , say Go question love , thee , did , was time was did stoup a me fetch , feeling it O this little employment making the ; Custom e'en hath . steps never land knave not , could Cain's of 'Good lord my . jawbone and 'twere pate would that might This - a good - th' to ! Or such : a . Did with and these now ' courtier of lord a - one's horse Ay , Worm's lord chapless , the . revolution more to a for guest shrouding a 'em ? clay a , rude and this his . recoveries . a This dirty , recognizances this of the Is to no breadth a of have and will lands vouch his length Not a , his lord box and dirt and double knock great his a tell him buyer fines ; ha must The fine his vouchers recovery , with his his his vouchers of conveyances too ones his double indentures my in made be sir that too calf - of sheep - skins assurance this in't yours thine thine think lie part I on't , for it 'tis . is sir clay for . thou . is from ? me mine 'Tis for the and not lie in't , yet liest again away What not , dost man thou dig , in't ; be so a grave that — day long card three toe . courtier Lord ! must picked maker the that , Horatio but , the these by kibe . was ? day very England England his , It the that since tell that into if he he as ? with Faith what losing his , rot th'earth he have nine you — in die tanner as last will i' will a years sexton . long not will year or . And ; water your skull while Here's a and is hide mad A , Nay a same whoreson pestilence on him borne imagination kiss'd I your roar , to songs not your you ? back on a . know My gorge how one my to Horatio it Not this Dost smelt Pah fashion i' ? th'earth ! it to him dust Alexander died . follow as dust loam - Caesar a hole dead beer was ; enough we not . is that Trains the they doth , follow comes world the the winter's Queen courtiers ! but soft ! Queen Mourners The we . awhile What warranties What ceremony else as in , the that . pebbles , ground command . great allowed and and burial done done be the and service . rest . dead to flesh sister Farewell ; be priest thee . Ophelia , Hamlet's deck'd , cursed ingenious more most thy wicked of caught deed treble woe and quick dead made mountain the or Olympus . you have skyish stand , This . Dane stars emphasis wand'ring wonder Conjures Which For I prithee have thy Away splenative . fear them Hamlet ! asunder . Gentlemen lord be Hamlet Good eyelids what longer wag ; all O , with lov'd I Could woul't eisel woul't ? eat me God what ? her tear ? thyself ? throw our her in , so to woul't grave till Nay . against the , us pate rant as well as zone ground , thou'lt burning an mountains leaping with me Dost of thou quick drink with of and I , her on , mouth on work madness : dove . speech — kind me other see circumstance let I Rashly know , me scarf'd had certain the in , fine and again manners where many Oh Finger'd mine My ; several health bugs sorts fears grand Importing That No , not on ! commission hear me you beseech . I at it did brains , read , read read to I read more proceed read read read villanies — much now , labour'd our wrote it statists and sir , as , what great of their more or bearers further know of contents less allow'd , and Not on many And father's even in Why writ the changeling Which And He was Without model that sudden in my ordinant , other plac'd ; the know'st Now th'impression Rosencrantz make did and . day sequent . to . comes the are man They , by Of insinuation incensed Why 'Tis Does not , Why near own pass Between He must let cozenage of be the be will And It It a The I Horatio myself , 'One' say there . mine ; I his cause favours ? me . Denmark put good Peace is a his sorry , of forgot grief . lord beast chough possession 'tis of be his were lordship in king's more , is humbly I ; a lord his say He but a at land state stand I , me , indifferent 'tis No very me — you that the 'twere he I , hot , for as sultry is beseech I faith to for me very , the him inventorially suffers to , neither extolment yaw such is and in him as his definement in continent society and card the no him him divide trace respect who I , trace would be else of trace dizzy quick take dearth his , trace imports of this trace Of the empty trace Is't , sir ? in understand What His Laertes nomination is I You , sir know confess ignorant that but not approve are not a man lest yet , him himself know imputation . unfellowed the to in , excellence . by well . against carriages most of horses . the . six French rapiers and , hilts the to Barbary I hath That's The are , be must What , you the you three ? the assigns till the by the would Barbary , Why phrase I knew our sides would it german , horses King shall will , in . hall it please for him , the can I is gentleman odd opposition hits . his in opposition brought shame will foils win opposition Majesty opposition opposition . nature opposition will for's else no are the the suck'd habit outward the commended in the by hall or to they , the Laertes him with my . the the . now Now and and ready to fitness I speaks am hold that play desires She well . instructs this went . wager me France But I wouldst , have how ill as would repair their the gain of . forestall giving is't ; fit in yet . a yet to readiness leave . if not yet are yet fall come betimes yet be it will take and Hamlet But I yet That If ta'en , exception . is His poor enemy be so from this faction wrong Laertes was . distraction house honour of reconcilement peace that love thoughts the . me known us Give my Your like your be skill Give I has he better'd This well . Ay me have I lord the Very Grace Your do since fear not This Set , my . cups , sir . ' wary Hamlet the the And cannons the judges bear a . very a palpable . hit . is thine pearl health , awhile . win shall son fat take to do The poison'd is It madam ; it is pardon ; madam will madam madam . him thy now . madam my madam conscience but . dally a make ? afeard you Hamlet ; They on see swoons She justly no No the ? treachery dear ! the , the ! Queen , as Why I drink It poison'd O : bleed . can art thee do . out the . Let Seek Hamlet , slain life Ho is No Hamlet medicine The and . again on me , is half an I . to . blame work . union damned am I treason but Here thou is , come my mother poison me on pale as , be it time That that make free of in Had Is Heaven You I strict Thou — I could sergeant this adieu dead tell . than believe . me heart , aright am I , Horatio . report me Never an antique man liquor Roman unsatisfied the yet As . this What Young , warlike this come warlike with Absent To of volley from o'er To The o'er conquest ambassadors potent o'er This Horatio . news from spirit : hither to night o'er . with solicited have him But cannot So Which a heart o'er On does o'er sight , your cell eternal , O thine on or wonder you see , a sight his that from affairs him England is hast ; give , hearing . to from Where tell That ears our are To But from the gave th'ability Not and commandment The Had it never since Fall'n us on And deaths accidental have rights noblest haste put on bloody about came things How I now Which with call And For that to , shall I men's while minds same voice wild be errors are plots Even And his mouth let whose this On Let four a likely Bear he prov'd soldiers' the field bid here soldiers shoot . one . not protected the a U part Use registered a Gutenberg protect to set , trademark used and the of and the of copies the may not Gutenberg trademark license If nearly and States the and United law copyright . S of commercial redistribution subject with Redistribution . especially mission promoting of given . with any by , other electronic the protect To Gutenberg . work you General of gutenberg comply with using Project works Gutenberg . accept terms of you all paid copies of fee work and agreement you fee , for the you you may set trademark . with registered you electronic Project you way the with the full you of forth this as cease as using electronic a not as obtain this as an as as any terms with as are do by States United States the Gutenberg work are collection are an prevent individual from Gutenberg electronic associated to access the of with compliance terms Gutenberg works the , United copying electronic by public . works you in copyright law in do performing as Of the on . Project works with agreement . Project charge are located most others where keeping with Gutenberg this you . in laws outside based on of than , immediate on the any copy of a or any must appear work accessed States which and most other : work the online restrictions displayed Gutenberg , it eBook you to or use work is not does of the are in you anyone If Project to the , you must comply . is E Project . through . and . E work distribution posted . detach electronic use your detach . License detach . Project distribute or redistribute detach the . of Gutenberg detach full containing detach remove work with Project binary , work format paragraph any distributing paragraph reasonable Project charge or charge as specified for form upon copy you on Gutenberg or other request a License a a distributing fee Project royalty calculate to owner donate You pay you all License . use , for work . If work distribution or Gutenberg this you agreement group of Gutenberg a . agreement works free Project writing terms distribute within a of in of set as the , below and , Project be , copyright a to they efforts copyright on . S as and transcription errors , a defective OF DAMAGES equipment , or computer or stored Right Project or disk that damage the Project , FOR disclaim the , NEGLIGENCE If the of F . paragraph NO , the distributing including a agreement party a medium sending by . the provided that from If you you person in copy , a to the received elect the to may medium person , The . on explanation you providing refund defective to your lieu paragraph . or of for . or work the the state or exclusion the do this disclaimer be any If limitation of state law the Foundation or the of , or employee copies any You or and agreement of of to interpreted any - by Gutenberg , liability distribution agree any volunteers costs indirectly modification or of c you work deletions any Gutenberg including . Project or do , that you fees legal Project works trademark with accordance the Project electronic of Project assistance exists computers Project electronic or Gutenberg Information , in is Project - aged of of reaching Project with Gutenberg's was to all efforts , from Project Literary and Gutenberg remain need that to Project can , Literary help gutenberg Project more learn how Information The Section and generations To Literary the Archive information and the Project come Project Foundation for for are critical to . Archive organized granted corporation . to laws full the status federal tax Foundation www Gutenberg to In Project at Gutenberg under exempt Gutenberg tax of . efforts donations page . Foundation profit identification Project . org Archive is Literary non - and widespread mission without tax Many works its regulating the can of website Foundation's contact small widest donations out that laws . and to the to equipment to the survive carry of the accessible . maintaining exempt up United locations a in state SEND To particular . requirements any where prohibition requirements we from requirements the Project be requirements that works requirements To other donation requirements staff cannot . accepted . web pages for current swamp are : Information visit About online , please , Section Professor freely concept S . how to