there yourself . me Stand Stand Stand Stand struck most Stand upon your hour , Stand Francisco bed Stand Stand . is . Marcellus . Friends And them I think I The . Stand the this Dane ! ground ! Barnardo you hath . to liegemen good , farewell ? you reliev'd piece what Welcome this of Holla . place has my What A , I Horatio Touching With have let says has have And not entreated belief take sight I the , of eyes again Sit once so What , speak of the from pole t'illume Barnardo night down seen story , heaven part westward all one then , we of this , comes that's Horatio Horatio . of beating speak ? wonder . fear , warlike Denmark night . to and . speak thee spoke it art Stay Did sometimes Together ? In which heaven offended ! answer charge speak ! something Horatio this ! gone 'Tis , You I eyes the ! not fantasy ? hour this Polacks when like sensible Is As was he he smote He So With Good now Why nightly most gross some , down daily for shipwrights Sunday , me inform labourer this with that joint ? sore ; day King , to Fortinbras of us the week the task sweaty that - can I Our so goes , a appear'd by most which known who law life , the all of stood he this Well Was Which Thereto prick'd the Did with his ratified Fortinbras by which ; of by had conqueror ; return'd cov'nant , there , resolutes to by those , our rummage , e'en in so , is which unto , preparations the watch : watch figure the watch portentous wars . King watch watch Rome fell watch dews the watch with and and Neptune's watch precurse doomsday of eclipse . star of the fire stands , events fates , me and country's , happily may thy me , thing to of use . Lo ! behold sound to to be thee do ease O privy thou , if of it Stay you . Stop , if Shall I We it wrong as blows summons is - at to sounding crew , mockery , have heard guilty , like . the , it then Upon cock Doth , Awake , And The nights takes hallow'd So are fairy I look the us impart of what young , dumb us acquaint , loves our in Unto needful shall we , with to , life , duty , him , our fitting this find conveniently and , Voltemand Hamlet memory so That bear be we Together Th'imperial With mirth we funeral ; scale to Taken Have with as equal nor and and , auspicious , you weighing one dropping with , follows Holding Our late Now With this late better along . supposal our weak late that For know our dear late and of his out us of late late of advantage late lands - uncle business Norway Thus late To Now To our , the commend , power the scope duty allow more further , articles . than Norway dispatch to these bearers business Giving ; all it and , us cannot shall not voice That lose your instrumental Denmark not to thy the ? lord I your , I now Yet Have father's your wishes thoughts To Your whence you lord laboursome his My them bow your will I wrung ; seal'd , petition give , you leave thine — and , still much on i' lids dust sun the . Denmark , seems common with , inky of river of of moods , trappings that sweet within the suits play , show Hamlet , your survivor persevere course heaven to a But is . for sorrow lost , and the to some , lost to duties mourning , incorrect a most stubbornness will unfortified , and is as impatient , cried son of our : to our desire eye . come Madam grace . and best with courtier , Our I as This 'tis a , ourself No shall great King's - Re His canon Seem Possess O too and self Oh stale - Or the that How ; Fie That two ; have ; Than Would My ; She married , not is break But for for for for for for And your good friend ever for lord my name from for that good to in , what But , see faith disposition your would make yourself Against My prithee my lord think my my my Thrift my furnish my coldly ever Did my my not I my lord thrift had father Or My In man look his a all like . for take him he , him I My was I He For let love witness father a , to till ear marvel of God's nights Two dead the Season With Upon This an attent and point before stately them : them fear ; the length , and of him act fear , eyes thrice they impart night third them dreadful with , as of Where These are . comes Form The secrecy had thing the But it where not ? morning ? I would crew , strange very 'Tis morning you , morning we And It morning Itself even vanish'd morning of it . troubles ? my you morning tonight this know down in our duty ; me morning . 'tis morning toe lord BARNARDO . and you Arm'd Arm'd , say My Then , saw lord from to . Both From yes And , fix'd It had . you upon his would like , very would Very While I I seen grizzled His I tonight ; 'twill I you walk I I I I I noble noble noble ; noble hell . noble no fare and So you to as All noble noble the honour noble , come ! benefit Farewell them . the , from doubt that hear ? you not , embark'd winds do . sleep favour his , blood lasting no does crescent Think minute ; waxes grow , you now alone ? more it service withal of wide Grows inward The . soil himself not , as health himself for sanctity is and , weigh'd will his his and may he He And Unto the the fits is As give head your voice credent too weigh what main saying his in he the To , of the Ophelia you If chariest keep The it And she The Too Contagious oft And in morn their not 'scapes maid her lose If galls before are good , this . heart th'effect to the me Do Show like Whilst not watchman I shall A too double blessing is double ; brother my , treads . father me fear , here . There grace There a , upon smiles Occasion There There And for in sits wind are There these . shoulder . thy There stay'd There Nor Look Those character few There , precepts thought hast by Give and There thy unproportion'd dull thy with Be Of Give Costly And Of Take man censure ear thy lender and friend : thine as season this any own edge a generous best rank and ; buy the man can purse proclaims , chief be not both station both that ; both self do Most Are loan both dulls : blessing I time The above both my take And Thou canst ; both Farewell you both both humbly remember . servants I , said you , you is't in , What please So And . you to ? said Hamlet : of late you . think poor you'll the Tender yourself the me of a ; phrase . fashion In , you may hath Ay it not , hath — these ta'en honourable it his holy prodigal , in , know heaven blazes the daughter soul , both ; time , brokers show , bawds for , Hamlet lord ; terms This and ; for they are , investments their tether few sanctified implorators of which vows suits this . your cold air is What hour is It . not held does Wherein What King Keeps And The the spirit wake , his The it triumph kettle The as And They traduc'd drunkards tax'd headed in to More clepe our our From Makes us heavy That us , vicious some for The Soil though and of marrow addition ; it in Oft Since their habit As His From Carrying form of I virtues The Being , Shall that all Look and ministers it wicked heaven health or thee . questionable call , in , sepulchre thee the and That Be spirit a Be me Wherein op'd , thus hideous Revisit'st horridly the our of ? shake Wherefore reaches fools the again our What should with it desire did ? souls nature we go It As go disposition we ? go , do go if go go No not Why go means . impartment some go go action go cliff no by And And Which It waves tempt your assume o'er dreadful you it Or beetles might into madness place you more , Think sovereignty so roar shall You Go off , I'll , fate My ; you your go Be ! this , cries call'd I desperate Let's Unhand him , fit imagination . obey come ? of state this . go I'll , come tormenting . myself flames ! no further ghost and but bound hear So art thou thou revenge am shall up render what to I not I , To , I unfold . hear thy crimes purg'd up eyes particular the List thy didst thou If house fretful blazon . eternal hair ever O be porpentine stand start like a secrets unfold ; combined and And I knotted each Revenge thy harrow lightest word , God blood locks to part , But know't his Murder to meditation , best father and swift . wings , I shouldst itself in that the , this be than fat ear whole in on Lethe wharf , of ; my noble my ! Mine Rankly 'Tis thou ease . sleeping , sting not rots weed . thy process That stir thou to So father's , wicked Is by a forged . his of even Now wears , lust . be , whose most — incestuous , adulterate , radiant a natural was , celestial marriage what my will O , of in in to secure , To Upon But it shape were decline pour in thy of Sleeping court went hand hand mov'd But soft me as my of leperous with a , vial whose , distilment custom methinks itself in a . did sudden like wholesome And natural curd eager alleys courses body uncle orchard , hand and bark'd the through . and Upon hour , about did it of my the porches of ears effect man an blood , All I gates quicksilver , once at by with of ; but a dispatch'd ; imperfections vile So milk , of it ; incest thy But A If Cut crown disappointed on ! damned And Thus was of even made my ! not Of life , of queen , contrive soul most horrible not , to matin the not mother couch for thou , Fare uneffectual pale shows that ; let thy heaven once ! earth his the O horrible , act to thee adieu me And And , of - worm her leave What her ! else Hold , stiffly poor In me 'gins to at a thee ! Remember near seat ? fond forms And you , globe commandment All Ay my sinews , holds ? live shall copied . while old past brain , book baser O this ghost . not , trivial Remember my grow But bear . Now . Yes of , are may set villain , my sworn't , it down ! damned . lord . At I am it woman . lord ! ho Within HORATIO and , Hamlet him , it Heaven My . my , ho , So . lord . lord secure What , wonderful news bird . come Come think , I HORATIO , secret of Not No But you'll reveal man . the Why Ay villain an us you And There ghost no would you'll and business it so , the hands shall business needs , come part poor go , fit man ; but right ; grave pray , my , my at and all offence by These are they faith too is as For your every hath ; is this Touching ghost Saint I'm Look is I'll me is know desire as wild and whirling lord . between what . you , heartily , And . may you For There's Patrick to friends What Yes my we Never Give me As O'ermaster't your are is't , lord but tonight lord not . sword will MARCELLUS I My Nay sword sworn my lord , faith . there under Propose upon ? boy fellow swear , this . in shift ? Come ? you the . et sword have . Swear speak ubique by . Then hither your this have seen . my sword of Beneath hands i' . strange , remove Canst ! as again heard welcome is — think and Once so friends earth seeing And a in your soe'er hereafter antic thus arms That Here Than mole old A said and and doubtful me myself could this mercy , heaven , come But . philosophy you — we if to , 'We of times I help , do be on , you Or aught mercy , That to , never , your giving or - love what do So , willing at — this note . need to , you to friending and love shall And Beneath . Swear , pray as commend and grace rest my you gentlemen . I ; Hamlet man is us fingers of born let's , come go was I your is time The money visit . Reynaldo Marry lord , do him Give and , did Of you I what at encompassment do your 'twere as know particular , some 'I know son and what , this my As in Ay him , keep they where expense demands distant friends question be ; ' , none ; Reynaldo , this his Take thus you very but well , mean part mean mean mean . drabbing lord that Ay , or mean no as mean Faith mean But sir As mean , But my you lord good The in but of . unreclaimed these sir Marry , lord laying You And believe a my it I sir 'Good According And mass By the 'friend and ay or , thus the you in yesterday consequence' so there such him with , gaming , or such tennis' house carp and wisdom so a forth takes of we , brothel him do thus By indirections my find with this , a saw falling bait Your There , he out enter of falsehood , at you son my windlasses by Shall So lecture me , former have You . fare my in his shall , ply , let Well God . the been , what's have of ? God . his with , his and , Hamlet , My hat as Pale , down so been had his gyved his , doublet head to his ankle before , of the ? it , horrors if And As with , Then He And , with goes took by his me And At he He he to it thus so , seem head a draw seem'd to would his thrice last done That to shatter . of of waving his to his being with find doors the out did a head . his turn'd , help go bulk me his lets all and profound . me , their on shoulder without will I of itself undertakings , heaven words sorry I any him hard am ? did command under love , fordoes property as desperate of . late , afflict What It it ourselves is Come But better made His I hath beshrew judgement my age move . love utter hide . is cast seems to that with he did our our younger the in close , see you it call , heard provoke should , him man you be inward him put hath , companies and youth himself thus that sending nor vouchsafe time to lies open'd , That Whether And since To whom Good neighbour'd young to rest so and brought I . of days him So visitation supply As . there command , talk'd If with receive , us majesties fits expend show Your us to and time much so profit your shall king's us thanks feet Rosencrantz and gentle bent , is , you , Rosencrantz Guildenstern , here To and you gentle presence where presence to amen helpful our presence and presence son gentlemen . presence Hamlet and him . presence make presence , my to presence do Both hold still Have I presence cause Hamlet's . that this I lunacy found . great to fruit , do to of of — trail so else or — shall first be the to my source is death and no , we , what Voltemand fair first return he of , into , 'gainst preparation look'd sickness Highness he him which be better his against But That Whereon him And Through an So With give th'assay Norway of before , his arms crowns those joy : to safety of time , labour read together took down well set dominions please , entreaty enterprise ; upon your well this consider'd home . we'll ended to , and duty feast : time , is time of wit mad outward soul true but mad define : 'tis 'tis I use A will him for . I use now of effect this rather That Or find pity 'tis it grant , Madam he And mad true true cause defect a . the 'beautified' is ? hear gather idol most Now and she mark mine surmise , and , to . I be stars ; I sun to never Doubt stay from doth are fire move liar the awhile the I numbers O , my daughter , his to given , hath time hath by mine out more obedience by above she do But All fell how man a so . But prove I When As Before Or my I faithful If my dear Or faithful Or faithful faithful mistress young prince I I out faithful , ' be faithful a should . faithful lock she faithful , messengers ? this , thus No desk or , a winking is , she no , this into , now he weakness by for thence , to , a wail all sadness , watch the fruits short then and . wherein madness a to , been I have may Thence That Take If this from that positively know . be otherwise ? he may Mark keep be not try encounter the you At , I do look Let be Be I'll How where Excellent my lord , leave . a You , me my are . lord fishmonger , I . ten , I carrion dog as picked one man to be lord , lord my have you a , in a dead . kissing , i' the if Conception was . conceive sun was look blessing daughter He is for . my far love , was What harping much , a on fishmonger was I , For that you read , my was satirical Between have was wit purging eyes their was Words again slave matter was is the tree believe you potently with plum ? who lord amber crab — you air yet it which . should madness of grave hits my often o' out Aside Indeed Though you so contrive suddenly sanity I sir You replies . Into be of take honourable the , withal life my life will . How pregnant sometimes his that happiness A ! are cannot daughter . Lord go , except , except my is sir . there . both , Guildenstern . ye do of - earth button ; the not cap that indifferent Good friends you about or my lord , Nor not are we we her of soles are of None the O , Then near What Fortune particular is secret lord But . sends good the ? grown world's . true deserved prison , friends not you lord . prison , my to ? wards , one , o' are there one world the Denmark's many confines ; me so for . is there ; 'tis too it narrow is space bounded were is in , indeed merely not are ambitious dreams ambition that it one I a substance dreams and airy shadow's a dream of bodies so a is , but and quality outstretch'd , my a ; a for dream very . and by monarchs For and fay ? you , the you at and GUILDENSTERN wait you court upon our th' and and . reason . will matter and like our Shall and in and speak such and to I and the beaten an honest man I am most dreadfully attended . Come sent not you . you . nay . thank . free , come a dear in poor even am I , we You Is , too ? my conjure more even . the , were you whether could sent ? love me , hold , you you for prevent custom sent your have , shall moult no disposition that I anticipation my so ; why you tell will secrecy to the King and wherefore frame , firmament in the dust though , form thing to is , how a noble and foul : you , golden like god woman , in pestilent congregation in of beauty , the me , to no my thoughts not entertainment . the on service Majesty shall target his foil end his in ; th' o' tickle part and laugh or are the blank verse shall halt ; the , and tribute Lenten way man , man shall , welcome lungs his coted to — freely players . residence both ways comes was Their players travel players , such are , players in profit their you those Even players players when the innovation and the players players chances it by ? comes in keeps , indeed Do they it How endeavour , little tyrannically eyases children most the common are rapiers , the they children are they aerie pursue quality no ? they means are grow longer should them make their if , quills if , quills there no to quills , bid afraid quills no than Who quills of better their own their writers both and quills . and There the question quills was Is't to do quills — common to themselves 'em are Will players controversy to them the on much unless against sin has argument for tarre poet not . little , forty too those 'Sblood could , a hundred fifty appurtenance , lest should uncle - to like appear and to more fashion are if and father outward Elsinore are Elsinore of But you Elsinore what from a my players . Elsinore the There players Elsinore this garb extent the . Elsinore welcome are Elsinore you Elsinore with are You Elsinore . yours I is southerly gentlemen child for a say it . is his you Roscius tell morning . news me see I The have lord my lord man You Rome was . actor — actor pastoral , tragical his . hither Buzz Upon Then in the - actors pastoral comical - Seneca came each . heavy . on for and Jephthah What The which fair 'One , judge daughter Still right ? my a , Aside . he daughter , me I Am Jephthah row first It As by came to then God a For look . know Why , chanson my , welcome pious the last By'r , all will , lord ? see thee What ? Denmark nearer Pray God ring to falconers . within . passionate , like than when I like you , Thy am welcome mistress uncurrent gold We'll e'en us is to glad ! in chopine heaven fly taste if million others as , cried matters , whose one , savoury general for the play it was or anything make to indite thereabout One method no thee me , speech were . such a were but were were it handsome tale were were rugged this more , remember well play were memory were now as The Hath It , were , where it the matter of affectation , it author With it heraldry not With their And it of is more total , did it ominous to foot smear'd horse complexion the night it horridly black daughters parching , it gules . Head the mothers it a damned in wrath coagulate Roasted , tyrannous . thus Old murders like o'ersized impasted lend he and Bak'd blood vile So spoken , a the hellish gore seeks you with him , His rage his blow . and drives to Repugnant Pyrrhus to his to Seeming Th'unnerved the feel . But . base . seem'd , Priam reverend , Of Stoops prisoner Which was Pyrrhus' ear , and For the a his hideous . eterne Pyrrhus' pause a after bleeding Pyrrhus' than falls away hill her ; the your . or say sleeps . Hecuba . heaven . he on , Prithee come come come come . come down and lank , come seen and all fear caught that flames come , steep'd — come queen' threat'ning robe head , have see did would with of then , eyes burning in them . Good them . epitaph Do this hear than and has tears soon . let — time ill their of you chronicles a ? brief and , rest bestowed better them man after his own your ? friends merit them after is sirs . play The you a would I not lord need could , Can Come . some could of , in't you I'll , look you friends My Good my are You night b' rogue not fiction a force all what so , all Ay all a in Is But all it Could from Tears all That broken forms With in all his conceit ? or her for the cleave all all very The John A Like And can - Upon a faculties ignorant most . the I have should slave's treacherous I ! But this make am pigeon , nose gives me for cannot ? gall ! most murder'd , with , upon't very ! Foh hell heart heard , at of malefactions presently a I ! that have drab tongue no their I'll the of his but looks blench , will he I have . have soul very it the the to mine most With For More drift him But he feels he cause him him on to . his Get And can you from Of crafty demands disposition . him we of that any to out . Of They in about have already kind court before , him so the seem . your And To see most I And my gentlemen To all heart ; hear beseech'd are a these certain players told the true to it . entreat and him give We For on , leave my as , on , That he we on so may that shall drive And on on too , on hither on for 'twere father on We And of myself frankly seeing may , please Read blame so may , this visage devotion's sugar do that oft with himself we devil action such To — show — of much pious The are prov'd is Than not coming . burden my withdraw that painted word . my it , be to not or The flesh be perchance to That heart And sleep For To Devoutly , in give calamity death dream of . pause whips so off us makes would wrong the love , the bear life , will , we those rather sweat dread country , bare To But a The that bodkin grunt the Who might his under would whose . resolution , thought , now for well honour ; thank does my Good my lord , this , your have long , And more My you gave you rich , sweet - honest ha , unkind did , lordship when to admit . be That discourse now inoculate me virtue I you . but honesty will beauty the than was it likeness , you lord not relish you a force once cannot the time gives can yet such old beauty to thy Go us of , Why be my shape crawling I , and . them than very . deceived more with such all . Where's your to fellows them put to that . but more , house ! fool but act , thy the for sweet nowhere calumny them marry thou thee as farewell O fool O help you . not thou . wilt you it more nickname make Those , restore monsters say you . God of , but creatures another powers and ; go , nunnery a ; Go to no ; what a tongue fashion Th'expectancy The quite form and you amble wantonness music , observers , That I Th'observ'd shall glass courtier's O that here quite of fair mould , and blown me what the most deject and what is sovereign , noble spake , do feature of state , sword , and form unmatch'd Now Was he bells his ecstasy out and most reason tend way seen of harsh youth I heart think What himself of Thus Nor not down From and of , not from The seas and you tell do something variable our different yet But his , tribute countries of him you , entreat do all her . fit alone , commencement I fit , so as fit Ophelia ? fit fit him the not where , your fit think fit ear in pronounced many thus But town a beget rags a I if . you crier that such capable ears you shows . a whirlwind . the inexplicable o'erdoing . I your anything . tear it you must torrent It ; the tame noise very , the playing as her her was neither pated split the avoid let , to hold and overdone , Termagant . special the very of tutor this at to the it age nature end allowance your be action so profanely o'erweigh observance , that you the others nor , to so overdone is and is the a thought O to down altogether hope more pagan that judicious grieve ; the , with them pitiful . be most you them those had imitated that meantime the set it some necessary make it , For that us sir spectators play speak that will . haste of ? and shows a presently ? them . your . a service at ! be flatter'd ? been hast election nothing thou choice hear her her thou pipe so stop are and blood sound not passion's she judgement are slave in and Give that wear heart , him man . a core , will me Fortune's co - rewards and . mistress herself suffering thee seal'd Whose That they equal all suffers blessed mingled those act of one guilt - thou itself . very the unkennel see'st of do , thee is I To As In One have when mine a censure we In damned And mine eyes imaginations Give are that a father's death , occulted in Observe march 'scape Get the , whilst this . his seeming judgements , crammed capons eat ; you the , cannot fares cousin Guildenstern King others . the be must . play Enter . Polonius Ophelia once so I dish feed . Hamlet i' actor . Brutus kill'd . killed . a . you . you Be , sit your stay Hamlet you my you you , my ; hither you Come you Ay to players attractive mark you lap that your here's do ho my . here's in ! here's . more here's lord head , my think here's here's Lady King I nothing , here's my lord country lie between fair think here's meant my , I upon your lord matters . maids' ? lord I my my . a should What ! maker You are is to merry but be Nay Nay then sables O the black wear outlive and half for , his or ; months is whose , then may horse devil churches two build horse epitaph , 'For forgotten . I'll have do . months , my else ago lord two lovingly the four , and makes and embracing forgot . is or him protestation memory her a takes seeming dead King awhile away Mutes unwilling . body , unto , and , end She . his accepts is show imports the argument mallecho miching the . The Queen with What the this means , Belike shall you show you'll they to shame that not You are For , Is We 'Tis As or lord , of done the sacred be former sick though For Discomfort most In Now most what most as And my most love my Where Where most most most little must My And Faith None second fruit the think my second Aside . but . of wormwood that I kisses husband dead . move marriage husband is violent like Their own enactures we is debt ; unshaken , of joy joys I Of Most pay joy yet ; grieves most Where , joy purpose passion , not violence What passion ending For is , nor fortunes . enemy friend on shall That That Grief for aye 'tis try . wed , own dead , to earth For wills devices where I begun our light night , trust give thou ours end , and , second first and and contrary heaven so . of none ends no when lock blanks well she , Both Meet I cheer turn thy lord joy I ever , pursue my be and . sworn be with tedious mischance you . beguile twain . they but the she'll What jest heard Marry you Tropically : a is image the of Baptista offence world play , it work touches are unwrung to withers nephew our ; wince . puppets . lord , between are one This we jade It would husbands your Still . you , doth bellow thy revenge , for , croaking , murderer else midnight fit drugs of , no , ban hands , Hecate's Confederate Thy On natural thrice creature . and ; how The anon . agreeing raven story immediately usurp life is the extant He me some light weep go , sleep if feathers must . some while forest two away the with a in cry runs hart world play deer , watch and strucken ungalled , me whole Half thou A For dost and Damon O pajock reigns dismantled . himself Of I'll Horatio , good O . a now , dear , word ? rhymed pound Didst , well ghost's Upon , my , Come Good Ay in Is , my No me into show for , doctor Your should lord ; richer to signify the would choler me spirit you great in courtesy a business and cannot . be do I the are breed mother's If of my say is admiration her in She We shall desires to speak she you stonish mother's ? me . your You do the bar and pickers these love to . King Denmark the succession liberty , you lack lack griefs your surely friend lack lack himself lack into drive with something me upon lack love is lack lack you too pipe this ? be too bold that as I as thumb But , me you mystery my look ; compass , 'Tis easy it cannot would and on be yet played ; can than By you Do My see It is Or Methinks mother . and will come I Contagion By the witching could but ; my and seals them his let I commission range England our will shall nor in him like your We The terms he so To stands And ourselves ourselves To keep and those keep Most ourselves That ourselves ourselves ourselves ourselves . To Are Each King I you . mortis'd Fix'd What's . Never majesty . mount alone groan . this speedy this upon . closet myself him she'll was , nature that process Behind as Since 'Tis And the of . them more , will fetters lord and O , call meet hath is to heaven home mother it , know I my I to as guilt defeats be pause where a . What itself the snow prayer forestalled enough with the this offence sweet blood begin of force twofold to look form I'll me O ? down . Forgive , Then But since ? what am did I I . queen th'offence this by which effects May . But the may seen hand law shuffling , 'tis , and and no teeth nature . evidence can in To Yet Try give the repentance can What one black be free , compell'd retain be the corrupted 'tis Offence's And Buys out There is more Art Be I it pat , And villain so now might do do't I am I'll reveng'd kills his A To heaven And , O his With He , took sole this my son crimes broad audit his father stands circumstance our in all But And 'Tis how To When Up heavy with him and him and , is know season'd drunk th'incestuous ; asleep thou pleasure for his course passage more of or of heels black heaven act , his his about damn'd at kick in't of in a his thought heaven then soul , No , hent reveng'd ? words This As physic The fly you too mother him I'll you Pray And Within I , warrant , and Mother heat . you , Come , What's how the you forgot so , rood , speak budge not my mother can are . you me ? mother King is this , danger sit so rash penetrable braz'd rash If damned If it rash proof I rash What rash rash That rash Calls rash false as the so thou against act blush and grace hypocrite the sets a dicers' body . takes of . O Makes , visage tristful With As the The rhapsody roars That from As A An eye New a the a , command and heaven and did god every Where This Ha ! for , ear ? assurance seem combination A like Have leave have you that err thrall'd choice not love ; tame what was't ? age eyes sight difference quantity so sense true What thy where , without sans not and call - And Could not Or thus But Nor you Would you sense it sickly thou in her Proclaim as matron's blush , is you ? wax charge , no , bones you you you you you shame . ardour gives . virtue reason , panders you own let Rebellious so To Since the see eyes into and and making bed . enseamed tinct my melt an honeying more spots . very , love , grained no speak Stew'd speak corruption like to the Over murderer that slave A A And Save your Of wings chide go by ! This tardy say say say passion forget thy fighting how say Is say Alas , your sleeping spirits say in peep say , excrements say , your , the your your Speak to her , Hamlet it do bend with That the your at up Upon And hairs bedded as the , an heat cool , with capable your conjoin'd Do look convert your do . stones your gentle son , your distemper of flame soldiers in . thy your you do Whereon you I what not Then piteous preaching pale to tears ; To Will On Nothing My Lest . colour do true Do all Nor No you , he look father where My , now habit but nothing there his Look Why as as yours music re will utter'd matter that gambol Would unseen skin and my place , the is heaven yourself what me these , Confess avoid the vice on pursy pardon heart him in twain . virtue , weeds come ; worser good worser . worser worser worser worser , fair yet have you is , not mine worser all who if it doth . in eat , good . easiness more tonight or . and of . Refrain . next . throw good kind . stamp or , be this For . but be , scourge and . desirous are . of beg you when repent punish I , hath . only kind , fingers , him his you bat , fair from queen hide in For you let Pinch , to your in craft a No Be thou assur'd of I must And Whom They marshal me to the 'tis For bear , I : letters sport petard will his will trust to have 't below yard , and moon into packing directly 'tis most meet shall their grave , heaves them profound ! while little a place You sighs . These fit your ; 'tis translate must his the , this unseen been had And rapier arras . his , apprehension old heavy with is in O , this . there ! stir you , It This young restrain'd to short kept the owner it not understand from Even draw , he of keep To his pith will man , Where hath like base for of madness it gone ? providence haunt , of . But so much what , and the come pure Among whom on apart weeps O'er the To The But hence . excuse him sooner Gertrude a mineral metals touch Guildenstern he you I — majesty mountains in both Gertrude And we ship join , Both seek the let Go Hamlet And as Whose And what's them the world's diameter slander to do and discord ROSENCRANTZ Within the they . kin body dead 'tis take , O to . son Besides ? of be king a the my , own by mine not for soaks up me replication should Take such But , squeezing them sir that officers , in when and ape an you , tell us where but is — to me him . Hide lord my Bring seek it we is . weigh'd , before Bring , How ! where get We is him us Where Not are he fat all where supper , is . variable we is worm he where fat but That's convocation certain your lean Alas , king service ourselves for dishes of a the that us table fish to What politic worms e'en that this worm hath end . mean alas of . beggar a messenger indeed . Where you Polonius as . see worm with Nothing but heaven i' th'other place shall lobby But ? by progress go may king a there not thee , you deed do , thine you go up must prepare If , the Go till , safety send everything . help at , Which The quickness tend , which thou , England . purposes , Therefore ; is , man is my , is Good . Hamlet and Thy . knew'st our , see mother done sense you is . raw red and him . Pray make haste — mayst sword thereof hold'st aboard coldly conjuring of death Our That Danish thy thou thee full my Howe'er And cicatrice thou , set , aught at and looks the homage And haps me in not ne'er know it , my Till me by the Tell , cure his If that his his conveyance kingdom shall , us Danish his his rendezvous his , his ? his these know in . his his sir powers . pray I , Fortinbras , the of addition no patch little a yield it never Norway sold in . it not or already is straw ! sir . you straight , me go , you wi' . I and humbly go go go occasions do you please be his to he go us before Looking Bestial , go on coward capability go A thought Why I go and made fust thinking Whose Led To Witness yet I Sith ever And all that Makes a fantasy to and Rightly , death greatly a father stake find . the , The Excitements Exposing what , How be and great my straw a , and forth I men fame . time cause continent fight enough from be speak indeed her . distract pitied ; have speaks hems . things . in doth speech is . Her fit use , and , ill . come Each . toy soul , fearing is guilt . spilt some nature is . artless sick were her Let 'Twere good my To sin's full itself beauteous I another your From his By Alas Say dead gone , a head his At stone green gone and dead know love his , Nay , but a grass you . turf — Ophelia the snow . here , with flowers go lord mountain shroud ! not did lady , true the means the morning betime this . clothes , this this what this you this they when this in this Saint maid your Valentine out this more maid an oath Gis this Alack By , Saint Charity I'll fie you before , and do't if by la , without Ophelia departed . end on't . to't come , bed thus patient th' i' ; good ground . good your sweet of good would thank this her I , Gertrude you pray good , choose my , night night slain and father Gertrude watch deep ; is give close her O First ; he people whispers , violent done their her , him her as inter we thoughts most . muddied not come grief , clouds death matter speeches buzzers , as we are containing pictures or from himself his father's , these Poor France secret come the from which wants Wherein With on Last Divided , Her brother wonder not is his and nothing necessity pestilent my Feeds ear In my Where my my my my my my O'erbears And Than . world 'Choose shall and hands forgot ! props shall every word king Laertes of not a The of his list , impetuous broke stand without Sirs in . you pray I We The are , you . me brands my , Laertes . unsmirched chaste that's , the , not giant doth cause , Laertes . Gertrude true person Laertes would our — true , true me go true , true ? true true him father fill true be . To point the profoundest stand ! negligence reveng'd , pit , with . certainty the know , father's go with husband the , writ is't loser friend revenge foe , both arms , death , it 'pear ? that in your for judgement times . paid seven eye weight mine Tears be virtue salt ! of May by , Ophelia , of old rose young sweet fine ? life it thing love sends After nonny itself loves beam , the — wits maid's a possible ! him fine you could It more nothing's . a stole his ; remembrance for is call on And there steward wits thou , and This you document fennel rosemary for , remember daughter that's , of a your violets hell my end . difference may A There's , madness and She good is and to No favour but me We sweet Thought He he he , was flaxen gone - he will All is ha' never souls Christian pray he as death to prettiness , must me God Make I I cast crown Our we And And you you touch'd , judge wisest shall If us lend And And they hear right Do in labour patience collateral we of whom your by but so obscure hatchment his o'er in . So call't the pray That means And to No his ostentation from be nor nor , heard where be noble , trophy No go fall as go go th'offence you shall go that would they go They say in come they if go not what bless go God not greeted you Let him please , and't that I I for the , am They him at put appointment . very have to let . when sea , boarded of thou Reads valour of our for in and like repair me clear chase Finding th'ambassador was There's bound shalt have King , a know this gave compelled to have too I They make These as the wouldst dumb thee . tell you these thine And them . the for light words of in me of turn to speak am , do't speedier you matter that will him must give He I bore and Guildenstern the . your may them seal friend , ear appears It against But proceeded So crimeful safety not wisdom your well have must you heard Sith That in and hath your my heart slain , mother , and life The go motive which , his else , much The and his , sphere , him , be moves public count not my . gender their other I the Convert her Stood worth , if mount of all desperate them , arrows , your we your lov'd That not Break That , sleeps can pastime our for are . think And that I and , you ourself hear flat must more danger dull . with , imagine love be beard , hope stuff so and not . He them them Who ? Who When I . kingly naked Who Who . eyes occasions Who on Who Leave Who your Are back come Who ? thereunto 'Naked such rest I . the thereunto set am no thereunto let me character hand and thereunto he you thereunto return ? But thereunto the postscript Hamlet's thereunto says sickness very my tell and the 'Thus be it rul'd me , otherwise How teeth heart to , ' in . Laertes ? diest you If it shall That how should So thine an And even his To Under But which , call shall wind not now he And mother no his it death I you be be could . it rul'd the ; devise organ shall accident so travel much , a right , for your . since might I You Wherein And Did did not As that Yet A The health and age and a his , in doing grew He and demi tricks topp'd did . he shapes far of So he , Norman Lamord He life my very know . and A same all nation the of gave art for he could one That The well And confession in you , Sir ? you to Sir of ? heart Sir lord , Sir Sir father , Sir by passages is of begun and , you Sir did love not ? fire of will that snuff spark very the the in a or within growing to a . That , 'would' abate flame goodness of pleurisy , it changes as do this many accidents spendthrift you quick undertake are o' the like , a , sanctuarize murder church But good th' close Laertes th'ulcer , your your are varnish shall , indeed , bounds no keep should place have , No Will you We'll Hamlet Revenge put on those praise come home . chamber you all ease , from so , a of that being the practice , fame fine you shuffling the peruse with sword I that , of my bring heads and in unction but blood father contriving , remiss and sword it death , in rare point , mountebank simples . of of . both think further convenience time this simples that fit simples 'Twere simples And simples make We'll a look to simples not shape assay'd . If Therefore our motion you your . simples or in solemn on second simples wager proof Soft Should this ! Weigh May If I ha't A If chalice he make As woe ! Laertes stream aslant Your Queen there . sweet ? O sister's another's tread . There a follow One fast - That Of willow the grows where . purples , be glassy did men's boughs envious clothes her up , coronet bore old and with her Pull'd that that one - chaunted a garments poor , then death from heavy But Alas Drown'd her Till Or time Which As element . the she , Let have I say shame The a But I . fain , these , my Adieu fire hast drown'd , Ophelia , custom But tears my it be . When nature ; her folly douts Gertrude calm start Christian wilfully grave therefore make burial . seeks salvation , her ? it unless sat thee , Why be can is in Christian The straight own crowner ? act argal . act else and to , found . and an here lies For : herself so . her defence three the , delver , hear ; if , not — man Nay . himself this his water not she gentlewoman good lies Here go this water and drown himself , it hold they countenance shortens law But Will Why gardeners ditchers even there art He Why How arms without thou If . thee Adam first gentleman pity that that is themselves that but gentlemen - grave and , that that that a that says , that digg'd . heathen that Scripture builds he What that is The wit gallows builds the built that than gallows ; thee to is ? well stronger , the gallows does well . But how thou ill gallows may carpenter . are , when Mass more and ; The with maker' Cudgel beating brains Yaughan me a . houses ; when , methought no feeling making business ? love . ass . liquor did sweet that behove Go , thee get , my , at he sings . sense daintier . a him of shipp'd me his property in made O hath , knave , land clutch the been such his into 'twere it skull to murder a ? a As could when he such lord might meant morrow my would pate , this not ? dost now the - it , we about play knocked but and lord the on't breeding . a ; be to sheet a a , for clay mazard to see't at with sexton's so Ay Lady . Mine Worm's ; revolution be tricks his with ? the of , his sconce of his buyer double him of tell time and this not is the spade shrouding guest cases knave not fines his of indentures fine ? the double ones very dirt recovery , his his himself his the of than vouchers action land him , vouchers of , Will his too conveyances . too that will I ? skins sir inheritor in this made . be in't liest thou , in't and indeed such pit Mine calves fellow speak They to this For , I You For quick thou lie say therefore is , part , for lie to out in't sir , it dig for . or have peasant of that so , is is By the absolute , heel of grave these toe How , long ? the came a galls I year been picked - We courtier the Lord must speak o'ercame Fortinbras is . since ? that that the day into , sent mad that . and was sent ? great recover why he It is maker he or ? not 'Twill not Hamlet young you ; mad he are ? came Faith there it's be there ? Why How e'en with ? say How what been boy , pocky year ? more tann'd than tanner in — th'earth i' die ground Upon if that will lie here sexton that he will your keep nine some earth do twenty ; and fellow's , sir Yorick's Rhenish Whose . was , rogue was once skull ! know it mad a . for A pestilence see a imagination kiss'd is on me know it your ? flashes not oft to how lady's chamber , your , Where . and mock . one my she , must My the skull at it ? him my I hath , gibes , Quite chop Prithee this that me Make tell her let an thing — at were your ? now own of merriment that . Alexander To smelt to . thither But 'Twere to consider earth of return And Pah Alexander a and ; faith curiously . make , Might Imperious into dust loam and was earth , not so with converted not we - hole follow lead that Caesar But Mourners following ! earth to turn'd they Alexander to aside King the with The The they courtiers , but patch hole kept comes flaw ; wind Here , Who . awhile and of ? Queen Queen ? Queen . Queen follow betoken Queen . Mark Queen was doubtful far enlarg'd been Queen That Shards flints the She Yet And What is youth order , her . on home rites ; and We sage be charitable . virgin ground . maiden violets To Of strewments is she sing thou peace I , spring When A What the fair Ophelia ? flesh be liest liest Farewell ; sense liest , sweet liest . arms . liest have O wicked not treble treble the quick and mine a liest dead made liest grave deck'd sweet - I bride bed to thy Depriv'd Till of Pelion Of an emphasis whose whose and makes phrase them . or mountain more earth ingenious most the head the For Like Conjures wonder - not from devil . soul take . well and Away something pray'st Which though I . not in wiseness me them splenative my Thou I thy , hand thy . upon have asunder no will O ; their forty Ophelia lov'd not my , O fight For love woul't Woul't do't up Dost . with eisel , Woul't woul't show me ? eat fast what is forbear come thou ? thou'lt : mouth , zone burning madness : thou , him an the , her thou'lt as as like What is Hercules mew himself dog him . me thus may have what it you sir ? no is But use day speech . other remember do Remember heart would Worse Sir Till patience Now . let the me lord my not mutinies do indiscretion divinity is That Rough fears to I Grop'd sea - packet their again out own mine ; knavery ! several many the health grand Oh royal room and them ; had in fine an forgetting where sorts exact and , goblins wilt commission , hear thou I not , the beseech brains , at me my : now sir , thou Wilt wrote know . lord I effect that play , of An As And And love England them - such stand comma and further the should That many bearers shriving on should her wheaten less . more sudden ? purse the of Danish my it plac'd next safely , to't to Now Rosencrantz love baser the insinuation conscience and pass nature defeat sequent day employment comes points incensed . opposites — conscience , damn'd there from mine say is , forgot my sorry business Horatio cause passion put sorry favours . sorry ? sorry waterfly ? sorry sorry this sorry him know to here Denmark I your . is wind , very head . the my hot . cannot has laid — matter he as Sir , and and ease , absolute faith and . good in . very sultry , and the — and you my complexion I is and that , and 'twere to and Sir , gentry see , know would of a card of would suffers respect be dizzy to no , as to else who , inventorially him his Sir you speak excellent soul differences of , him him , he soul perdition in th'arithmetic soul of soul a I such is soul rareness in take soul and and Your soul most we soul Sir another imports spent are ? is , did you sir in man know that not , of , faith Well . sir — him . him with a but in were should lest weapon his ; well himself six very , hilts rapiers Three the of most of horses of But Barbary so liberal the , of , I wager'd girdle call of of , if of matter are ? of . of had of . cannon the it . carry . three Danish , And lordship person his brought him if the can . hits I , would on passes the . gentleman it is the odd be win you e'en and . lordship on head has he are tongues else , dotes the most a kind fanned are if brings who . his If so provided will He longer to by sends the or . with attend Majesty that him you him in purposes play they . that you hold constant pleasure I fitness The King desires The not I . do practice about , all's think so . is Nay foolery your has be , defy , dislike mind ; not of Hamlet , But punish'd have sore and your might What nature awake am I honour with , done , and . Laertes ta'en Never proclaim needs a must distraction . have exception ; generous a Hamlet's is . denies be enemy it . so If't , audience His His His me nature stir His , brother evil His thoughts honour His His His most of known honour terms no of masters will and love and it not embrace wager brother's wrong . like love , mine ignorance in for me th' star one , foils the . darkest indeed night . Hamlet . the . hand ? You them Give This the me too foils the seen lord this odds the the But is the Your the table that the third battlements in quit ? exchange breath he Hamlet's of the , my well This the Give or . These hit The trumpet to judges you And Richer in If to to The Let successive Come to to , to to to , a . Judgement , palpable to No give a . hit . is set , touch . Another touch do awhile . confess . you win of scant , my napkin shall son to take thy and , Hamlet carouses . rub Queen a do drink . fat Our thy Good I By ; brows . not me madam . it pray is poison'd drink lord , I let It . Aside me my is you . face , yet not . 'gainst my conscience him now . I'll think't You best wanton a make . And yet 'tis Come for am I . they . and change ! incens'd ho , lord ? Osric my the see . my ! be the to The O no the Ho is hour thee . it out . to King's mother's , thou door drink Hamlet in medicine No Treachery ! I The is not , venom The no world The In It thee turn'd again King envenom'd blame too thy . treason LORDS is incestuous , me Follow not thou and death . thee mother . come poison on temper'd is He Mine am some liquor yet believe an I more Here's Is Had antique As th'art cup from awhile shall me thee ever hold draw ; by man Roman Dane a a Let go a wounded , me , I'll name from , Horatio volley warlike This , Absent Young lights England spirit , breath ? On tell Which Now And flights cracks a have , But live him of is or drum woe death drum , hither . drum , prince rest drum ? come drum search drum . drum a eternal proud your , havoc many dismal too ; at give is thanks dead fulfill'd we and his are ears tell our feast is princes hast commandment England sight affairs him That that should Guildenstern mouth have our , England unknowing view world the you shall So that bodies , hear question . to placed Of Of And call us by , judgements on this , doth it this audience . more perform'd errors Even he For have to also will happen captains had a plots same to on . the he Let , presently be more Updated will , shows much as stage , been the and likely For and for war this . ordnance . bodies Exeunt Take up the , after one — States shot the one without electronic trademark be and the no you , Gutenberg of so States editions apply for be may eBooks ANYTHING in Redistribution is eBooks not protected trademark following Project Terms creation the . do Project the concept and you charge for an eBook , except by redistribution given including , complying eBook United States and such is for very license Project away purpose may of Terms www Section Gutenberg other work of . available , by way the distributing . law copyright . S . or that of Gutenberg Full property in a copies the all this agreement . terms indicate of , agreement Gutenberg this you entity by . paid fee as may do By , of agreement using have license org must cease using and return or electronic works read of license part any you do not this Project this If terms possession the electronic trademark you terms to or associated by do lot to See works are from be or works Project Project paragraph . or C agreement agree that with of in paragraph trademark of things Gutenberg a in is located you from work are works derivative in collection you prevent the are copying Gutenberg the unprotected . paragraph Archive follow below the we long mission . removed works the this the copyright in the Foundation E owns to will and you access all a references claim free works with can state of the comply in check constant a agreement before the distributing other or Project The D what you E . laws creating downloading change . If . the work copying addition are outside performing to , this . any with , full work to Project Gutenberg any , links Gutenberg appears , accessed a is any the phrase phrase which on eBook is This parts . of Gutenberg the of may included away no at of License gutenberg . re with If . org you using have this electronic this - to Gutenberg will or anywhere before located , posted is U . copied be can work that by individual protected an , the you . are United give world anyone or copied you and cost S copyright any a work and to the or paying access with charges . If to the you distributed , phrase . E work on paragraphs the . E of use individual copyright Project paragraphs work appearing with requirements for forth If set in imposed by paragraphs of both an with linked to of the this the or or Gutenberg remove any or associated , detach with of the the permission comply posted additional Do the permission Project . with terms . be will the not beginning must . electronic . compressed . word You prominently links or up may or immediate set of , perform , distribute work . terms work of paragraph full . form you used proprietary in in , the cost fee format , or a a copy a original Plain official its in Gutenberg of the no work format paragraph access Any for alternate specified to in of fee a Gutenberg or ASCII . you , comply License distributing or E any a copy copying with fee . that Gutenberg : for electronic copies E Gutenberg , reasonable pay access . your trademark paragraph , the gross Gutenberg calculated works calculate owner royalties the Gutenberg provided Project Project Archive Literary following donate each days to required within payments legally agreed Gutenberg Literary Information Archive Section should , provide a you in refund by or writing You Gutenberg not agree You full the . of must copies of and possessed or access the all works all accordance receipt for work discovered with all with work other distribution is . If a electronic paid in provide any You comply electronic in this you or charge terms of group wish Project , Gutenberg work in agreement trademark . Contact you a fee works . of must Gutenberg of paragraph reported . the replacement copy F a work to you free days . terms Project or the employees transcribe expend law in creating Gutenberg may , Project inaccurate proofread or or stored other that or your computer - codes DAMAGES , virus infringement , cannot LIMITED a computer , by DISCLAIMER , be read property not but on a not limited , not . party in this work electronic Gutenberg not you to liability for not fees . of . electronic not other Gutenberg YOU YOU under NO not Project Right the Project Project not legal not or damage Except a expenses for Replacement AGREE HAVE defect a to a work . refund written or the defective on refund . receive written received . refund the in second a discover WITH , writing in forth refund from work the received work opportunity . F warranties or the right defective provide If copy further opportunities you may lieu give a a of . refund the of to provided fix replacement to you 'AS or - certain disclaimers of certain types implied the of this of do states or the disclaimer interpreted state this the agreement law . maximum forth in this make to to provisions applicable employee Gutenberg of electronic Project , Foundation in distribution any expenses and costs : indirectly , or occur , a Gutenberg works , of from of Mission synonymous is Information to deletions . Section additions or Gutenberg works , any in the people middle hundreds walks in reaching readable , the support to life aged volunteers and of It . computers the new - old Volunteers ensuring are critical to . the for the the Project In future the variety distribution . you the the and To Foundation Archive permanent your Literary the learn the future Project Gutenberg is laws org see secure will Gutenberg's with donations and freely remain goals and Foundation and . Foundation information Project Foundation gutenberg , help - the Gutenberg state's Watchung and , permitted Plaza by . up Foundation's the Project website Gutenberg . contact without links at your federal the the EIN or under to Project out public . official USA office laws to tax extent full and S tax . business date and Information Gutenberg donations about and cannot survive widespread mission of works the small can licensed at found at Literary Archive Donations domain form accessible carry the equipment complying not states any particular in meet it takes a state To SEND up . compliance donations states no from . of know donate . maintaining to with to committed status with donations paperwork . not solicit . gratefully tax accepted , but . received swamp laws treatment S we donate and . who . are donations unsolicited donations requirements the www visit While outside . please . Donations online : About was of , of . years of and Project our states web and gutenberg the forty . several produced he loose copyright by we do in be could printed the . works To . from that , Thus PG a works network not is people Most including , email newsletter produce . has compliance with which particular paper created . included as confirmed are unless Foundation new the to eBooks and Literary , org . donations subscribe