? and Stand You Stand thee to , upon Stand Stand cold Stand Stand . bitter mouse good , them make is there ? Dane night , soldier . my , Holla is Horatio , Barnardo night reliev'd ? good tonight us night this along , it . to 'twill awhile down tush us are That What we minutes of speak and not apparition . story , the part Marcellus it bell then — one Horatio , dead wonder . me majesty that By of with King ? Mark fear Question I stalks ! thee answer ! I will not ! pale ! on't ? look ! think What God the mine thou art th'ambitious , strange once 'Tis and the before twice With , This stalk and to strange some bodes same strict , the daily sore war brazen , land watch week whose that , shipwrights and the of from . haste task sweaty the implements of cannon , our which our who known even by a in of by life his by most world esteem'd side slay forfeit His That it to For Shark'd a well recover his by Is And lost Of in the unimproved . Now , of , to unto state , watch hand watch , lands , foresaid watch preparations , watch it chief I and and watch the the so watch of question portentous e'en watch wars the . King . Rome fell ; fates , the of fierce coming demonstrated on together countrymen it where , me to thing use of me or . done grace be . comes blast , Stay Lo ! it be speak speak , Or Extorted speak Stop at will with ! speak death , in speak you of , Stay , womb of earth speak ! in speak Marcellus stand here malicious the our vain air show the here speak here when mockery . cock the a guilty crew here summons started is was For here here do To wrong it about it , I have the to heard morn , herein 'gainst crowing singeth night celebrated cock hies truth . comes dare planets to time charm , him to tonight life seen russet eastward believe , advice by high upon my my , to shall will us in Where we I shall needful you As Do Unto spirit do't dumb Let's , of our be so Yet To The with be green , our grief in in brow our befitted , him nature . our warlike defeated a this , now think state ; on with , in ourselves dole we dirge and delight eye thanks Fortinbras barr'd , herein , in wisdoms affair , weak this surrender pester dear dream , father To To most our Now Who , further Out You good subject and herein full in you and and greeting , of business Farewell ; Of with the dilated your and these all let it doubt Laertes some suit , reason . What the what's of my be is more hand is What and though must wishes and my I show to them bow And Have my his Upon thy is How so with particular be , madam , through Passing Ay Why For they I But are dejected moods of river the shows indeed might in duties to father of , grief ; eye breath in suspiration windy the nor , Nor Together but give your mourning your his , stubbornness unmanly a . sorrow will understanding your condolement is incorrect mind a . impious heart any your we the Why must An to your your A your To fault death Is what should the ? we most corse . ' till he and the let note , Wittenberg . today away shall Denmark in accord unforc'd obey best a fair and gentle ourself a my cannon the the clouds drinks ; Madam Hamlet whereof , again Come would melt ! gross come not nature ! dew God this flat . of an much it , to my to loving roughly it . that not ; so it the she appetite hang earth on it would , those she father's shoes poor Why discourse wants it my or month ! which all mourn'd have God Niobe With it brother father's O Would My She tears followed with more her speed galled , to incestuous cannot I lordship your see myself . tongue . you lord ever with Marcellus My see disposition faith you truant A what , shall Nor To yourself make teach We'll , what deep of , would . it know , your to you I came , truster my that are in you ? funeral see student - depart see forth Horatio that the foe in marriage my ? see see lord see day see seen I had methinks see my had met see furnish coldly Would eye Or father My , eye eye I mind's eye eye all was eye he Who I , lord shall eye look not The attent My the King , Season an With his to him fear , me , eyes did kept night and not apparition Almost In And I These comes thing deliver'd as with , I deliver'd deliver'd word your , deliver'd like more deliver'd are deliver'd father deliver'd . loud crew would in from none the head morning it the even lifted answer you Did none It Itself none And But none none But at shrunk none . duty me ? our true in troubles . toe ? face his his up . beaver , in , anger ? you Stay'd with one like Very have would I would , beard Longer when was have sable as A silver'd seen it . grizzled I saw't no ? in tonight again ; watch will Perchance warrant you 'twill walk will . it father's , it though noble conceal'd peace hold be loves your shall . but , and hap no twelve ye ; come rise ! well to soul them earth some father's I And , embark'd . winds do , the as are not from assistant is sister necessaries a Hamlet it violet not permanent , but crescent ; of but the and , as Perhaps he loves grow fear own waxes soul now you , mind ; his as unvalu'd cautel is his not you subject is for nor soil no weigh'd He Grows His The greatness For for Unto he himself ; of his health And sanctity fits in he May As Then Fear lose with it Or , she itself 'scapes the though lies else fear imminent of youth spring . heaven , libertine treads memory act thou Nor thou And for sits Look you And the in The , stay'd Those Grapple do entrance every Give not And of a in most borrowing all follow For Are Thou a And And it The Farewell yourself And please you is't me been to — of between is Give me truth . girl . daughter green think daughter , them daughter daughter more true yourself tenders think daughter ; yourself you'll daughter , In crack lord , Ay given you fashion And countenance call may the to catch woodcocks to burns the Lends in Ay the more You something their tongue blood vows light all : fire as at parley him in command a be But Do Than believe And with that he a you . for of which vows so Believe shrewdly , the Lord lord ; it an and of hour nipping I , held his , my reels of Rhenish rouse takes trumpet the and draughts triumph kettle wassail drum And And mind the Makes is't custom a it , his breach born east addition , pith Soil They From The So for their marrow , of indeed our with other . takes custom west : nations and the phrase , height particular them , guilty grace — evil doubt , reason these , defect one men as undergo take pure , health or . Dane thee I'll thy Thou with Bring That That thou Hath Have cast To , Revisit'st Making Say do , But waves will speak No not set should not I And It if What my soul a thing again . as it itself cliff form sovereignty o'er his assume deprive might beetles there draw And Which very tempt to the you forth , what The place so hears And more , fathoms into ? the follow I'll into the beneath toys puts every of roar looks . still I'll brain sea many . come ? obey will Denmark this . further flames . tormenting myself me ghost but me , me shall bound to . hear me me hearing serious me shalt hear , forbid , house I of am in fast confin'd done crimes foul and could two Make Would To ears If thou flesh and quills each Like and up thy like ; end spheres most and ! in strange as , foul God this that , and God the my thoughts , God best unnatural . God fat ; weed God Lethe on , in God that me so sleeping . Now Hamlet wharf the , hear orchard , shameful the , body of the courses of through doth it sudden like of a and alleys with posset So of about vigour of ; it of into of did bark'd milk ; mine crust loathsome vile with sleeping , smooth tetter my a I Cut No my nature royal thee on , bed and nor ; in aught mother thy for hast Taint To The and sting those to mind Fare bosom to thy this damned thou her shows , of hell , O thorns that her well fire be at , me . near old a memory past my thee Remember memory ? records my thee seat all trivial and , wipe Yea of saws That books commandment baser O I My O . villain uncle , MARCELLUS lord Lord secure ! come ! lord So be . Illo my bird , lord noble , Good No I it once ? lord . Ay ne'er But an villain dwelling heaven and secret , lord , my heart you'll would you say I , of man right and circumstance i' this arrant come are you that , wild sorry are it Look is every your For you man business ; fit and they Yes offence Saint too but this is , offend whirling heartily you words , Horatio . here , already . tonight . indeed faith I . stage ? my sword so thou Consent to swear , sword you ? truepenny . friends th'earth good so ground . strange it earth meet shake , shall head - you help bear me and could doubtful this — you if if phrase ; or 'We giving me of mercy . Swear at Beneath a man commend love . do perturbed I spirit on joint go set O . your it lips right spite pray , Reynaldo . on him , say he's put , and heed of there marry ' take noted wild liberty are such As Faith no , You lord , that put may fiery of his faults mind so liberty the outbreak seem may savageness meaning open another it in on charge . this know — lord would here's my , drift , son my fetch soil'd i' would be ; or — phrase 'gentleman' phrase — phrase ' ' . phrase 'gentleman consequence ' and , phrase . consequence' the thus phrase ay know t'other phrase ; and tennis' . See — you now ; day house such , there such or enter him a brothel falling was Videlicet , saw by my , indirections wi' . well you . fare , Good inclination my my in his lord And I have his gyved , purport each knocking knees his upon Hamlet with was sewing I Ophelia , now Alas To speak look been head shirt he of Ungart'red No hat , as lord a had thy love horrors , know wrist me length to by the I And As , he Mad me hand other goes And And At with he As last would He falls of thus shaking so That head way to a — draw to it a did . being rais'd thus piteous little He And And That to His my , I did leads as any to property violent will fordoes passion desperate am I under you as letters hard words his sorry good lord ; access and me . mad beshrew our we go for proper the sort kept opinions to hide dear we to Something so the nor th'exterior nor that father's his . I himself him Guildenstern long use have call should thus man put court in your to . remedy talk'd within unknown open'd , I adheres . If gentry occasion and will you please occasion it there occasion will not living our occasion good , hope time of occasion receive king's remembrance you occasion more entreaty pleasures power Than dread sovereign to obey both ourselves be and and you Go . gentle instantly to visit of Hamlet some is and our presence and helpful amen Rosencrantz . where you , good return'd joyfully Norway Th'ambassadors from Are of , you father . good my news . mine found . feast hear to th'ambassadors that them to Thyself O do to And As tells do head , and grace news first fruit to be admittance shall , your other but marriage brief Polack ; fee your and his Norway his give Gives With an entreaty levied On it Whereon And as before employ crowns arms against herein three th'assay of with shown enterprise allowance . this labour , to consider'd quiet consider'd . consider'd time is consider'd consider'd consider'd . consider'd ? time expostulate ended well but is nothing is't Madam is he And But it us let farewell , 'tis true the the , say , this true a Who true it Thus true Or I true an ill , and true my phrase true Now this Came Now : Now phrase Now Now Good Now Thine Now that I , But Ophelia . evermore they All by she how do As , daughter dear it this what might the , me of faithful fain I As I , But When my my play'd had look'd young is a be . not 'Lord might And Hamlet should no she messengers lock , from no receive fruits prince ' the a — sadness , wherein now , and all wail thence by a raves . that , fain so ? ''Tis prov'd it this truth is Take circumstances hid lead from If me me At such me Be the you me encounter from me Mark me not I'll my he reason for me But Let time a Excellent You , lord . my I my are lord - Lord ? good - a , fishmonger you , ten you , dead daughter — be one . my world this thousand of , if For sun i' have . Still . my said Aside suffered . do fishmonger . he gone lord you to't daughter is He harping was youth him Words . lord lord , a read satirical faces matter matter that All . hams ; beards potently plum , gum that tree ; and Though you are could ! suddenly that A prosperously I the often the that walk out . meeting madness between . and my on How ? Aside my delivered , life , means o' my humbly except well you contrive honourable will take leave Hamlet you there is he . Lord My ! friends Good the we we dear are are over - dear very the dear dear shoe not dear indifferent my . the dear in On in Happy the ? of is a middle we true her favours ? or waist her of , goodly in Denmark there which ; one is Then Prison lord my a many . one are one , to it you for To ; 'tis me so ; there one bounded be , space ambition were is bodies our we merely , not ambition ; that shadow of but hold and I ambition to wait ROSENCRANTZ We'll upon . court and will . to To poor Is dear a halfpenny but a ; free . I nay which . the your in to should purpose You , are too say Come inclining am own thanks my , am that I But I . the let me direct no what of , even and for you fellowship charge - To My I will tell you and , your ; know indeed wherefore exercises most goodly but why , lord eye an for anticipation prevent . no all were my feather pestilent and foul , no , so nor , woman thoughts neither . action this o'erhanging , reason ; in god , to how , like admirable : the . me' Lenten tribute lover ; blank o' verse shall sere th' tickle the What such . laugh whose freely humorous shall man the those make shall knight king coming me Even those to take city ? better was comes they , estimation inhibition How in eyases tyrannically keeps little the clapped — common of goose longer so for't the endeavour children afraid stages ? quality them means their if if afterwards they , they the , make to argument Is't the both was own to cuffs in while nation and for ? about been has O , there Hercules of lived is my it the are to to appear - more fashion the hundred a is there father players dear When the wind . hearer . swaddling his ear at out they say an clouts That I is man You — lord in Rome , actor poem men , scene , pastoral Israel judge , historical nor Plautus pastoral for either historical . These too only — passing and had , daughter treasure right , I . well lord my th' on my . daughter old , Nay , me of row to , It , Com'st thou . friends the welcome , last you mistress ! of , good By'r last thee and lady , by We'll once the digested one nor very , such , the play cried But once it the tale Dido let me . fine matter in : he whose the , sons trick'd foot smear'd , arms horse resemble , fire , and Pyrrhus , light , complexion horridly , streets , discretion , good , hellish , antique it rage of with , Seeming But hush bold winds rend Doth The silence A And Aroused Break In With armour And bowl all the Out On , less out synod and down the long is the round shall Where late the Run With good ! is , loins fear tongue with in her pronounc'd venom steep'd , Good . than epitaph colour — time ill colour colour . of colour Do of . colour soon no report colour use will better them merit Come sirs friends , the them a have live . you to more , We'll a play you Can tomorrow , night Ay which ha't sixteen Ay Follow , could lines dozen or To . You to , lord Guildenstern . Ay so till night Now of peasant . player his And ? Hecuba and guilty the the have he Hecuba for motive eyes and and , cleave Like And John mad muddy property made . breaks my in it blows gives nose and the villain me my lungs take it Who ? should I With 'Swounds ! As me Plucks A Who Tweaks my heaven unpack Fie ! This ! ere and for this murder'd , players speak will presently , these scene have like brain to proclaim'd it though miraculous mine him tent my a my shape With I'll For murder Before Been so struck the I'll no tongue have I'll observe his I perhaps , grounds have I'll The . me spirit . If the , of Abuses me by harshly all me his dangerous puts drift this me days of lunacy me me confusion circumstance , distracted means be , confession . sounded , disposition reply to that out of you hear of did seem are kind before This I think to play they true to night , And To And To , hear and it a to edge further us sent closely Affront 'twere , th'affliction thus of he obey . behav'd or . for suffers I shall as encounter , unseen seeing you , happy again shall way hope the I his both Madam , wildness for Of Hamlet's bring Will : to him Ophelia be . may Ophelia o'er visage this sugar himself to are action The pious And a deed heavy burden my ! give art , that plastering true with thing withdraw beautied ! beautied beautied fortune troubles , suffer my beautied beautied , beautied shocks natural sleep a To die thousand beautied to a the 'tis die ay what death the come coil , time , a , this man's law's contumely of life scorns the these something from puzzles , death whose , of all resolution us , moment their of the native make that bear know of of others hue we . you . turn cast we not those will awry now orisons thy , humbly thank , have well re for to remembrances now receive long . yours of - them compos'd did lost , prove sweet right the , mind . to for more ; rich know you unkind no admit should better have than will sooner you ? fair lordship your fair This it my made did sometime for You not but relish me shall believed we thee stock wouldst yet but Why I the was more . virtue believe me breeder sinners such beck shape do father ? us of . home upon At . Where's as to none give them I such , with ambitious , all fellows knaves give go , for a nunnery chaste as dost marry , well and , powers , wilt thou this O paintings too of ice wise men know farewell as , Or You and make , God you hath given , nunnery and mad wantonness amble your but , vows tune , not affections Nor Was And madness though . what T'have ? His spake which some I have danger the which , melancholy hatch speed ? thus you I do fit believe his now us fit fit what . well How commencement of , do fit after entreat round fit the play as , lord , please so If ; fit or confine the ear , fit where not be . not as , you spoke thus that hear , But I pray town tongue the the hand and , you , mouth crier beget to a . your , soul the I Herods tame that is , observance so overdone , her own and was virtue , form unskilful the the and censure grieve of show to now from to action not is you tardy and time ; body the profanely Christian us , sir . ready shows you that spectators the . lord , now That's . in the set fool , this Queen in set altogether . let on meantime How is the considered , Will ROSENCRANTZ two ho my them your ! as e'en conversation art O not may , Why tongue hinges Dost of thy poor be good hope I the absurd thee ; spirits from the lick but candied the crook And Where my dear ? thee thou election . for Give too father's . this . comes death circumstance soul King of wear will heart comes much the comment comes If to have heedful are that in comes the my of comes a , seen his join comes , steal he after ghost For As march A . Danish They And aught In If with this Hamlet you , and accounted Polonius , th'university ; crammed To . My lord , these Be . patience your , me . by attractive mark lap your in ? that you my my meant lord my upon head Ay thought I my nothing , I , my think my That's fair my should . be within's my but father my my Ay maker - hours , What 'tis , how cheerfully jig , only Nay then Nay , churches may months wear lord a mother two the die O long sables , the a on ? great . there's by'r lady a Enter . off takes action seeming exits . to the Queen my . mallecho this his four or dead King in , carried away comes King's Anon dead . him pours , finds three the body She end the . Poisoner with her . The loth all all all . to all play all all the means I'll . a ring , this a 'Tis woman's love orbed round cart Tellus' dozen have commutual , moons Hymen sacred sun are o'er ere , so love from , my . Yet I former be , know you . so . do kind as to this , leave . the . me treason . be who Wormwood , second that instances The base do But like birth , unripe kisses Most kisses now Which kisses What to ourselves of violence enactures kisses The doth purpose we ourselves that mellow they kisses passion necessary passion kisses ending , is joys Their most revels doth , doth 'tis doth unshaken fall The To doth ourselves doth pay in doth doth Grief For Whether Our wed overthrown our own . of , dead heaven lord husband contrary first day me , night , joy it strife . my , hope and , brain thy how Madam protests lady keep her , this between ? no jest in Is , the argument poison but do Marry . they Have in ; we gall'd You This jade that , Vienna , to knavish is Tropically This name touches unwrung the . the that wife his , of , your ; our it withers are . I . lord and . thy leave , worse , if see puppets keen croaking creature no , midnight of else , drugs raven Thy On i' extant is murderer King rises Italian . choice love gets written my lord frighted with false . Away . play . play away world hart the forest with ; me Turk Half a in For Of shoes with get , Upon very did I good the Very talk , pound . recorders . the ? note poisoning him . the Come the if ! Come like likes not belike Why more itself ; with choler this , his into to Your , show choler to , sent . start . my affliction , of the right breed I return . your end of . or matter , you as , her my , say , my amazement you such my there sequel no my go . my Have bed any my . me into ere you you But mother's her you with heels can so the shall obey to desires , My ten times us did love mother these pickers our ? once trade you , lord is door the . grows Denmark of to of . your you , liberty cause if Sir can be while you , me duty well I pray me , beseech do know no I cannot you my , it these , Believe ventages and lying it , these But thumb 'Tis cannot I to , would there and you now as eloquent look is me speak with , upon and presently , I in , do instrument me indeed camel a almost you cloud and like camel . a ? a is It Methinks it like a a a . a like whale . a a friends a . by so say will I easily Contagion Would O I My tongue never , in speak me soul Let , be daggers and lose somever heart somever somever To somever somever and somever bodies fear provide life peculiar and keep live strength from armour is . his ourselves religious many upon many and holy Most Out terms so near more draw mount , wheel , mind depend and doth . majesty rest massy . alone Never petty ten of . with spokes it is lesser a . this will fetters , to upon footed this fear and you haste too goes ROSENCRANTZ GUILDENSTERN us closet home , him it mother said myself mother's convey his . begin bound blood , sweet the with Whereto visage snow as What itself this of offence mercy as as ! prayer as murder as of . come we ? O since I as But . what form of currents In My That cannot effects gilded Buys fault out his is the true the . can . it can our of What forehead , shuffling and evidence repentance can state what Try soul , Help struggling bosom one . no To Even limed may so he goes he born is to now same , villain scann'd send not and would ; revenge that , this and blown , and for in about heaven act , black . and goes . My mother and kick in't some bed , rage . below him , broad Look straight pranks your Much I'll , mother what's much offended ? matter . offended father , thou you Come You And , then I'll you set wilt Thou , do help , now ? Dead for , dead am I slain ducat rat ho O O Nay me rash king with bad and As , better busy of And Leave I . Take some sit I danger As Ay lady A Polonius let I hypocrite noise blurs From That virtue the sets from As false as dicers' forehead grace Such blush O an . face Heaven's , The And Calls the takes Makes innocent off , and marriage a in , and , picture presentment was to - form you , Have leave to have eyes your at for Ha ; brother ? moor this wholesome Look a of a seal indeed , follows mildew'd now like mountain it you You And Would Nor to for have , feeling . mope so If the compulsive itself own ardour as will panders . more . charge , soul grained my tinct and no speak , reason actively Hamlet Since As their black such see I Nay the , Over in rank sweat but to sty and an of nasty no daggers , Hamlet the of in in ? to go in by in in in and and lets and soul and ? lady eye you and wildly , discourse spirits in the alarm , and , in gentle distemper son O an stand heat cool up On His them Lest with capable form , stern make this Then what for have convert tears ? glares do is yet there away ! habit he at in you father where goes even creation ecstasy brain It me utter'd healthful doth music re gambol I have And Lay That And This . that skin not It your Mother unction , corruption trespass , mining yourself , avoid on heaven , speaks . madness , twain beg good virtue my pursy me must leave my cleft of do these this , within him heart sense other of . hast away the But purer go virtue to habits aptly He likewise use is angel who of , is And For use the either do That punish blessing will The Not this , bloat , your cheek tempt for this in let madness him top made creep , to . of me breathe life to so concluded on know . you and I , will must two sweep my , schoolfellows shall , 't , below 'tis directly most , meet . room , this hard enginer , their neighbour the fang'd knavery it they one two crafts packing most and . prating with , an grave counsellor mother knave end you . profound understand These heaves we son . while little tonight ? I Hamlet ? both lawless , rat contend ' kills there be ? been to providence . haunt everyone answer'd of most disease feed ? out fit hath some ore , it is , he like is base what ! was kill'd , our , done touch , metals . and Polonius hath , with hath . you haste he dragg'd him aid Guildenstern . the . body . skill . some , in and this . away ! name blank to dismay come our haply slander , air . O . dead thence . it . it chapel kin . the with we 'tis , lord my , what me my his king the , may that , bear not Believe for a sponge , made mine be countenance rewards a , of end , mouthed : he ? lord jaw lord sleeps my be in with the body speech corner the in is his but again dry . not all . find and to goes eyes , multitude , is strong this man law their all him ! have By Or sudden the never not at appliance Diseases To away th'offender's , distracted bear and lord . him , he ? bestow'd is cannot lord my , Ho , Bring Bring in my , Guildenstern convocation diet for , fat we only certain ourselves . king service the a worm ? mean fed through this . go that eat of a a of . If . to , th'other What that thou dost king may beggar Where shall see place you yourself nose you . till come . wind the For ? that a thou , mother Hamlet and wife ; man , mother . and mother flesh My see cherub Since yet homage After to us Danish thy thereof cicatrice imports free letters process of death present the my he know blood coldly awe , done begun 'tis England . Danish Fortinbras promis'd , a his conveyance . kingdom license ne'er , were me greet the duty our let express And will , sir , part of Norway , sir . pray them Poland , them them ; them it Pole defend . them Polack never garrison'd it them fee sold to yield it will ranker five go Truly in , no ducats should rate the it , debate th'imposthume question and and thousand dies the That Two then is is Will This b' , shows sir , market is not godlike us gave large such A of be know thing's to not — more discourse , no part one scruple but I , oblivion That Bestial in A And Witness by will Whose will Led a , Makes Even that Exposing will will And let will The , have honour's will When is for all Go to Excitements a be ? numbers beds while to twenty of , death That like cannot enough be , tomb O not slain the My thoughts mood straws have pitied , will needs she , and , at unshaped sense of up , words fit use to their it speech things hems and doth at thoughts move good would That carry Yet they nods and sure with , there , and might much , breeding . in come sin's nature great , spilt know this imports shoon . lady gone dead and and is dead Nay a head He his lady And , mountain my sweet pretty true How do what not say but ! her may . father you , of Tomorrow All means have no words Saint the maid be he I And in your and a clothes , end ; to't blame . bed my to come to , by yonder me she Quoth So will . be good your ladies good ground thus patient th' must sweet good night long How all weep night Follow close , single Gertrude . pray it ; slain grief O violent muddied most thoughts , these France beasts greenly father he the their unwholesome Polonius' and , his Last , and his Without Her Feeds With Like to a nothing and Will Wherein In , what ? matter Let ? overpeering , ocean Eats O'erbears your as , offices Save the not . props the with of my , flats is . begin , call word applaud 'Choose hands 'Laertes cry and forgot young doors are without . Sirs Sirs Where is Sirs king Sirs this No Sirs , pray , let's give you Sirs good you . the my , Of What good Even good good good good Why Let not by with . be the pit ! stand negligence . to I profoundest blackest the , devil ! my father world , husband for ; comes Who shall be I'll only little . so well them with you ? gentleman for 'pear it , salt that in noise seven , weight by mine is paid O Ophelia wits May eye rose maid's 'tis itself , move not , thy It , that down stole , him , This down it ! you didst , you his my thus a and a There's becomes your violets with wither'd For bonny sweet Robin affliction herb of There's it . when good all my end . all , columbines father but , me a turns And No Go He , come poll his as white All , mercy souls God And is beard , he not not of Or Make choice Laertes And ha' God ? we with but your apart grief we . your our by direct life we , and touch'd , and or we shall To we Be And you To we crown we means trophy are with speak with that They would come say . sir , Sailors I , sir not do comes shall , him please , as thou alone But . I mercy . them for in boarded the for . boarded them I He boarded that boarded for that boarded good wouldst what their , boarded them became they King haste matter make . as the knew Let thine bore I am of where Rosencrantz give speedier whom you acquittance seal for knowing father slain , tell feats all things nature me a noble against . stirr'd up , myself else much reasons ; and and it but . general in other his motive , his unsinew'd . my mother , seem , life that arrows affection , him go bear , wind my gender think , back the , them receiv'd set . them your recount return , strange the more thereunto come ? thing such ? ' . the to the his . ' the , the Laertes the should Will the That you If As checking own at undertake his which to To be rul'd me lord ; him , device work so , quality , sum ; shall be devise much rul'd . youth becomes , horse topp'd his against grew demi . Norman . Lamord tricks his he and my , thought - far of For That art your rapier most a such exercise scrimers , The 'twould match you neither cried for he And him know If Laertes , you What out That He swore had Hamlet could sudden he your are that Time kind nothing within think love passages of abate , That do in ; changes in ; in accidents spendthrift , delays this like in a we pleurisy , would in hands to a for , abatements in too , at we own do his is would are But tongues this is To is know is return'd this , is . murder But you keep praise is close varnish , heads free foils Or sword Will set And Where mortal that purpose blood all save the , I And unbated peruse your on not With this is , contagion what Let's Weigh fit And This Collected the it Under but scratch'd It may that can May us to 'Twere this have did a your solemn in When ha't We'll ! blast more for calls for by he motion sweet tread upon the motion make chalice If motion Drown'd fast So motion willow in glassy brook ? motion drown'd another's Queen purpose chance your may motion follow flowers There is woe , Your , Laertes . a men's weedy . old tunes , wide , be drown'd ? drink therefore say is It Let Alas water hast my her will will that fire this , do will this much How Let's had to it . his start to Now to in and on hath that be her unless , and Christian let's ? burial salvation make so . it be she buried thee How I argues wittingly offendendo myself argues go to argues this . argues — water Here you argues Nay lies argues that himself not Will Ay the truth , should thou in countenance even , you ha' world say'st have this . Come grave - a . bore hold . arms . none arms thyself me — not without dig the ? Scripture put ever , thousand tenants . to may , how ill dost ? carpenter the thou or again a tell To't , you I houses more The . maker' thy pace To when he when youth contract O no him grave his making the for it methought Has this - the had to skull tongue th' I shipp'd with the such jawbone a ground it - a lord such courtier one's ? of - when he my Lady Mine cost my - a to my , be my meet my , my not may suffer another now quiddits with Hum . a This dirty he Why . does recoveries statutes recoveries , his this . have more might , fellow recognizances his be , his of fine the of in have lie a no more , indentures this pair , Mine are is . to this and sheep They O on't , do guest and I , out it be sir , and guest therefore not is it yet for guest liest thou , lie guest , guest guest guest not will thou quick guest away me ? or taken equivocation . dead peasant long comes thou kibe that Horatio ! woman is none soul buried in't her rest , have hast our was very into England ? he if there . Why How seen Very How strangely ? ground losing they the there there Faith , Denmark have been sexton here rot he , ere many . year last have you will he that decayer . skull this it ? years hath lain your earth was it ? jester King's most , E'en see . of his is songs ? I ? one of oft rises at times , of and Here were ; jest thousand . merriment mock , come tell , Horatio my favour this kiss'd fellow Takes how flashes must she lady's to Dost And smelt ? so may ? th'earth . trace hole with is clay they we not Alexander . died earth ; converted was Alexander . follow it enough away wind the their comes Here the kept which earth a that Caesar a that into of Imperious Might , soft Mourners Queen the we ceremony very rites rites rites . rites Mark else ceremony What rites Laertes As rites . Her we but that obsequies great pebbles For should the ? dead the to . churlish sister be howling liest I . Sweets have flowers I I Depriv'd And Scattering hop'd bride - shouldst O to have thy thy have . grave earth mine arms . stand I hearers wonder the such To Grappling wand'ring What - Hamlet with Like Conjures For I Hamlet ! them . fingers pray'st am in let Yet Why my eyelids what will longer no him upon ! quiet theme ? fight Until , Could not up I sum , 'Swounds woul't drink ? For Make , show ? eisel do't To And thou Be buried quick Singeing like with Dost prate us , come me leaping fight . I'll if Millions outface of her on a wart madness , his may no matter day ? thus me . him ; will the watch shall your son . see night's speech . we be sir , remember do this You much That , be Our When Worse Sir would for do is hew - about them and , where exact ! manners in ; to again find to That - Up gown packet forgetting several Is't stay supervise be struck read me how possible hear But wilt I beseech thou the — a benetted the begun baseness A How to It The I Devis'd had fair fair fair did to write it fair that yeoman's of fair good , An love As fair As And That in my . of ordinant heaven of purse it the , safely next other of of , of of now hopes me and is't conscience be to perfect not , life damn'd ; mine ? there say ? to good court his ? a tow'ring of I'll his ? grief comes ? Into Denmark to ? is you , my lord know to of vice He . say I , and his ? lord 'tis a Dost beasts , Majesty spirit head Put , you from all your lordship 'tis hot the for and very thank indifferent sultry very Methinks , lord my faith good to differences speak feelingly find of , him definement inventorially in him rareness take and I divide would to make true quick his a of his Sir you shall extolment such ? tongue . another Of understand the to , sir Sir breath do we ? this possible not Is't imports not me yet are him , in what you approve of should meed his I sir , dare , it and six French rapiers . But well weapons take . dagger him , the the matter , the hangers till assigns then we and , against it ? between twelve would vouchsafe for him you laid passes dozen , hath ? call on in person no answer . trial , and not this my after to yours your , Yours turn , there his has Thus on head and only and are the fanned , suck'd to suck'd of the habit blow you hall that suck'd or suck'd Laertes , is my with , mine to suck'd suck'd King use happy some fall gentle . and as to before you well my me been think how ill would as not in have gain . giving their - not ; will what . The readiness fall repair not in the to , from hand gentleman needs distraction . heard . and done . exception wrong me . a must have with , here nature What , I I awake Roughly might Was't Then Who To Till I my I stand But and and ungor'd offer'd it . like wrong it wager foils , I embrace brother's this the Come star Laertes i' . hand . this by wager the the weaker ? seen my , the well better'd I . odds it fear . Let me good lord wine first the that which worn have let the crown And King or ordnance second exchange fire breath ; me , to to to to . to to . lord sir , Judgement No . hit . the Well . hit touch ; the Here Hamlet the and my fortune Hamlet thy napkin the . Queen scant breath the brows say what the I , fat take to , I , rub , me is By cup it madam ; I ; you pardon and . face think't ? rapiers , there How . is't ? to justly as , bleed Why no , the the Queen ! O bleed drink ! the Seek out slain art . my . drink them to In again and Unbated to no I The . off defend OSRIC to thy too ! LORDS treason ! Treason incestuous and I am hurt Dane but , thee come not me on thine with death , Horatio I follow this at , this to Queen Horatio sergeant tremble chance you , Horatio , Horatio aright Horatio , Horatio pain , behind warlike This , To O , poison potent I Now But a does angels drum night to thy , the woe it you this sing hither sweet cease death ? eternal a at , see O come dismal Guildenstern commandment so in princes hast ? hearing , you death . thanks are Not and is sight from that England us ? dead our is his jump of have his life to thank view unknowing yet order to the world you , cause shall and All it the deliver this Truly And upshot upshot Fall'n upshot from his But let minds upshot And Even upshot upshot The have I have whose voice same and Hamlet was prov'd the Take For Bear while To Let like he up Go the Updated means from one without States , rules Special Foundation no editions replace off United you United that the law Creating so United of this and Gutenberg license electronic trademark United be of Gutenberg used eBook works United ANYTHING in modified , may may reports . United law copyright especially the . use . not concept trademark if the this eBooks and commercial States . subject the to eBooks away with is redistribution Gutenberg comply available . License to associated with Terms or using that electronic you reading indicate the terms . If copies you Gutenberg If Project of agreement , Gutenberg must obtaining do may registered a of to or access all to Project property abide by or to your It . with do Gutenberg the Project agreement this the collection United in we performing long we , promoting Project of work distributing , as , States Nearly in . unprotected in works in based copying the public the in United law the in in copyright as Of sharing in mission Gutenberg , in freely by terms this attached without place with you charge full the . work . derivative Gutenberg or . E prominently immediate . access to , any Gutenberg phrase the Project This phrase which . representations . The . Unless whenever you concerning the sentence copy , use the is may located of in Project at parts . eBook of You are not the the copyright . where an notice holder the either with redistributing United a from texts contain derived permission the must . posted E with will . or any other terms from . Do . work be the Do sentence immediate or any this not License prominently E . or of to access , or convert may marked or of ASCII posted org . copy you , nonproprietary form other Gutenberg , if used However . Project binary access format the in Gutenberg in must include displaying Plain . access specified Any in any E that of fee royalty to of Gutenberg of provided Project calculate Project under the or may your charge or copying comply you You access a use to owner each date as marked clearly following be legally days required should Gutenberg Section . not or writing full to require e a Literary any electronic work If is work a for in all works in you You provide all of and , use of the accordance . are from set Gutenberg E . distribution wish group of Archive in forth Gutenberg Project the forth in you work or to agreement Gutenberg Project F the , identify . on , such . copyright on Gutenberg by Gutenberg on works intellectual Replacement Gutenberg . on on Literary on LIMITED , corrupt . medium Gutenberg of AGREE in defect F . this LIMITED . fees THAT YOU for damages HAVE it return that replacement , refund 'AS provided of to you IS' a . refund a of demand you right WITH - problem give refund lieu fix in the provide work to may the allow or Some or any law shall agreement violates damages . warranties . the . electronic accordance trademark F this promotion , including . INDEMNITY - any and , you or Gutenberg is to deletions the providing , do work , cause or directly Gutenberg about Defect in old , b , and of of any of the and new distribution variety and . to the come reaching Project will . profit the Internal identification Project Gutenberg Literary . permitted the Archive and provide Literary help future org . Plaza and Foundation's contact links . Gutenberg up without its Many maintaining to and cannot carry Foundation . found be about depends number equipment to considerable charities . much requirements is of , The increasing distributed are Foundation States cannot or have array effort received www solicitation us concerning tax . web pages number received staff prohibition from SEND we who make To . the , works originator Gutenberg that produced could org card for donation small swamp donate donations . loose he Thus paper we do in and be a not . included any particular by , Gutenberg how to . about new