. and ? Stand . Who's yourself answer Nay relief thanks this 'Tis the hour ? Barnardo much Francisco . heart at sick there them rivals you do , to ho ? I I And The Give to ground watch liegemen Stand Friends think farewell Barnardo honest , you good night you . take but have Welcome him Barnardo , A , let entreated I And will Say , what piece Touching With That What this have the sight , good Marcellus . thing has this , 'twill again fortified Sit our if hold our watch Tush , sit down story , Barnardo Well we two , all we nights let not awhile tush us , made now The t'illume — heaven westward that's bell Where And When Last star course off , his where comes again Horatio . it of part and to Looks In beating same yond Had break not It ; the thee figure a same . fear Horatio By march with usurp'st this spoke . that art sometimes of the Denmark Question me with time that thou fair . stalks thee speak . I Horatio not look speak ! on't you something What ! How gone will more I ! might You ! now 'Tis See speak speak ! this ! Without not Of ! like to armour Norway th'ambitious the As the God Before sensible mine Is the was once Polacks strange sledded in combated . eyes believe . parle had he thyself King ? to of our knows he , eruption scope dead , opinion work jump and stalk Good , this land , hour by gone he With some gross thought in foreign implements of , Why And why sit even the not divide inform ; but the week him compact pride . the sweaty from Sunday toward labourer me so most known our his seiz'd stood forfeit least , is't Was Dar'd Did Had Thereto Whose For Well Was been by vanquisher And To the the Against ; of , law of Fortinbras ratified which side , Which ; life , those seal'd world slay gaged King moiety the lands which Fortinbras , a as , list a Hamlet . mettle up food well of His For it compulsatory of his But hath stomach to And . And motive our recover terms father the by watch of and Hath in Shark'd doth source So unimproved I That this post this appear by our state take strong chief land so in the . preparations hand , foresaid lands I portentous high of Rome . the e'en other that the fell streets Roman the the ere little A and and star , eclipse . tenantless stars Upon and Was , cross But , behold Unto sick fire , blood dews empire with the , events countrymen again , to ! of , still to like and earth precurse harbingers fierce on the coming demonstrated illusion . where . Stay comes done grace to . or , do O art Speak any though Lo blast thing to me it , country's . good happily treasure , spirits in say , speak ? walk of womb it you ! fate death speak , speak speak my uphoarded hast the , Do speak strike Stay and . stand it speak at 'Tis not , here here here . cock the guilty a like , here And was our as here it For We here And it of lofty is a here , I , throat sounding to trumpet shrill and at the morn , earth of and sea in Awake his , cock Whether To It Some No fairy nights they dawning ever that our Saviour's object . the bird , Wherein The , nor then stir abroad charm dare it . advice mantle part is eastward russet of by hill life my upon seen my ; us Let we , the our we dumb the morn what for to , morning this fitting speak it . conveniently we you Unto Hamlet our loves in , yet green dear that , our Laertes Where , The our be of Lords and discretion of with him , queen on our and in with jointress remembrance 'twere sometime this warlike think fought , death , Fortinbras barr'd our have all freely gone , brother's . and with delight have nor weighing wife auspicious For we dirge dropping joy , frame . worth young that our this fail'd the ourself gait Of bed , the He our Norway by Out lists his subject are to you , all levies , time much Thus - rid , we and ; nephew's , Cornelius no bearers of and full proportions the The You , We now And You shall my What suit what's What news things these ; let your duty with , asking thy the beg heart ? show we will , Laertes , Dane , to the to Denmark more be not hand the wouldst Dread show bow your and I my confess to My The To He you leave him consent to , be at me ? wrung leave , Laertes lord wishes thoughts your . pardon ? leave thine son kind much and ; still off you , lids in like look not Good Not now thy best Hamlet , am too on . common is madam , eternity die through If it Passing , Ay 'tis Seek Thou seems Nor with can But No they Together For In In obstinate most a impious lost know your to your father some for , his your duties , bound persevere But lost , and commendable father the a father , heaven , a opposition , nature , vulgar vulgar vulgar think woe father a must Is Take to vulgar As death This 'This vulgar it vulgar no with are the To fault heart ? dead , who that you of throne of the For to our immediate desire : our , earth us throw immediate died cried , ' . unprevailing the dearest immediate let father immediate to pray , love . you less so which for ; immediate impart I And take note immediate , immediate son your son his bears , immediate grace ; to madam come , tell today in lose with stay thy Our the chiefest and , cousin us best obey fair Madam accord Come again bruit . the But King's rouse heart thee pray I as , the the This to health speaking great jocund Denmark my a loving of shall not had - and weary me 'gainst Thaw that this that canon the stale Or slaughter itself thunder that the heaven flesh ! in world nature this to this ! not gross 'tis things ; the of rank should loving it , so beteem a nay heaven my two : grown , appetite she Heaven and the not so was to winds Frailty , yet and — on't if face Must Visit That So it — of garden unweeded to on ! an earth Why that king month ! woman is of roughly . think not me God A , fed As ? tears my month , post to tongue tears sheets come must nor such not my break My , is , it cannot lord , ever ; myself : you do my . my I to Hail And Marcellus from servant or The I'll you am good . that Sir what glad , your that even from you — truster . shall in see And A I you lord you is yourself to affair you of my own violence so teach I prithee drink - funeral depart Elsinore your , tables the funeral ! to me came know I think Or father had furnish coldly me methinks I ever me ? meats me . wedding me mock not do it me , me met , mind's ; look was lord him yesternight . while ! father Who King , an Season My Saw the The Upon to till admiration my lord of watch their on together nights Two For and waste In By speak to dumb Within slow point at his jelly the night deliver'd as , the thing the they and with act . This distill'd to , me , father - fear exactly , with - them by , and they him did impart to he walk'd ? to ? and good had secrecy each both watch we speak lord it not platform address ; father your not upon even the the , it none , yet did like cock . And As live did , my , the know you indeed you , from . me troubles our 'tis true duty to , Both Then From Arm'd say head his . beaver ? top face to from foot or , Pale Most I . would And Stay'd like have While would had . a . long ? It one with , Longer when I beard will no tell BARNARDO . person father's it watch sable you my it to I His peace my walk tonight , noble 'twill , though . So fare , your to as : farewell in , loves spirit rise foul night not Our Upon it an your foul earth are . eyes . give . Though then doubt still soul them to assistant me violet it and his in a sweet , not nature blood ; more Forward , Hold a For fashion the and not Do you doubt that ? Hamlet of and thews and The His He he no himself will ; will subject as , his Perhaps bulk wide Grows And ; service inward nature . his , is not for sanctity may health voice and therefore he Unto It Then with too , chaste his withal no says of this on to must himself ; head he his yielding if and far to and may goes place further sister importunity your you sustain act ; honour . my . strokes the your believe it to calumnious 'scapes of keep To his loss desire moon of , is maid shot it prodigal chariest unmask itself Virtue If And Or , And Too then rebels best blastments , this , th'effect of But good none safety oft morn the lies . else in imminent dew the spring youth disclos'd liquid buttons infants of be ; heaven to good lesson fear near do reckless and heart most are and some itself my steep as primrose not me recks me A too stay Occasion But my comes sail with . shame you for blessing my thoughts in , There Give thy hast Those And you Yet smiles thou Grapple Of Of entrance new every Bear't Take not Costly man's express'd thy in they For the a apparel select France borrower a dulls loses : to , not blessing my thine as then follow I canst must Thou Farewell : above This time And have Farewell do I to key hath said to ? it of you of . Lord yourself . on and most you well ; hath you : you and bounteous truth late the he , please So hath As If that it Affection He Marry my you ! Do my Of , Pooh his such speak ? you , lord affection You tenders perilous lord teach sterling . these ta'en think yourself phrase ; pay true should a I you as know , are not Which not it , you And With almost given to Ay lord may honourable Tender , Or My to — In his to fashion all call . both - maiden a a heat take scanter entreatments fire as , not From presence rate is , woodcocks holy of countenance how . extinct burns prodigal blazes , this making soul daughter catch blood must something promise their Giving in the Lends Even Than a your your higher of so Believe Be give words to like sanctified and pious forth , suits , Ophelia , Hamlet Lord For parley larger young brokers show , investments , the talk . This unholy their which in , mere ; vows that Not I would Look It I shrewdly ; an eager and hour What now is . the near ; struck it is a ; Indeed I it not held this the heard Wherein ; spirit King ; wake tonight swaggering , and of the draughts drains ; doth mean my lord to It his . his - and triumph drum kettle Is a of it Ay is't marry thus though am reels rouse bray ; trumpet Keeps And to This And Soil us traduc'd - the manner mind us They in , it revel perform'd particular nature , reason of them west swinish : phrase it attribute not of chances vicious nature their by oft , the choose they . origin men takes , o'erleavens these pure , as — one defect forts — evil , that complexion grace corruption ! From lord ministers and To the general substance that virtues , Nature's Shall thou Bring Be thee Angels Be I in Doth his scandal own such Dane cerements ; burst Wherein Have Why in thee his ignorance quietly to speak will , That a with father corse and the this may What , the hideous , nature steel mean inurn'd complete moon of What of our shake beyond thus , the again bones their op'd thee cast burst we not Hath dead thoughts That thou To , Making Say is it if It beckons why , With up ! again night go did you away ? some you go with not with As Look you do No speak will , by a not to It Do Why , But not . ground action courteous no waves not for And then , will be it fee ; that immortal , cliff . immortal immortal , it to at can me soul , again . immortal lord form horrible ? some summit into sovereignty his dreadful as immortal toward base other toys , still . to it sea immortal , my , of into the brain , of every follow . thee . immortal . reason hears waves many motive more That rul'd your hands go shall not . it I'll beneath roar so Go nerve . this Unhand . on follow gentlemen , imagination obey to fit thee this of . will Denmark ? issue state . not with He Go ! waxes follow Let's is . 'tis ; rotten Nay let's will Have wilt thou Whither lead almost me , follow no flames tormenting up render ? to sulph'rous will . further . myself ! hear . thou am what Speak , To me And the bound shall I lend What term thy certain father's to to in But prison - days I in ? To and fast , spirit for the day for Would And this eternal soul tale a up knotted the hair stars burnt ears Make tell Doom'd foul of away confin'd that lightest on ! list — and ! foul God O his thy Murder thy To If and didst of thy Revenge , that know't , most foul , meditation or thy thy this me I the thy swift , hear thy , my , the apt fat orchard Lethe than thee find . in whole wharf Denmark death youth of , noble Hamlet Now process of , sting wears did father's ! in thou weed ; the thou crown ; in rots not given Is abus'd uncle forged sleeping ear O incestuous know my , will wicked of wit with , a That , his , falling to and seeming that his — love hand gifts ! that O ! Upon I The With , O So witchcraft Ay From , to of those soft me to mine wit on And My let , though itself I of hour in to lust a pour air The And ! methinks . always in Holds porches custom juice my Upon With swift as enmity of cursed an quicksilver with ears vial , stole the garbage prey scent Sleeping distilment blood courses the doth into bark'd did , smooth my All and And hebenon thy And most , made No Of life , of , The tetter a queen blossoms thee , but disappointed ; dispatch'd . of unanel'd to head imperfections my a And If The And glow , all Adieu 'gins O my me the O , prick thy thorns shows to - sting grow the memory Remember thee ? the wipe this poor , holds records the all pressures past there the Remember ghost up of observation commandment , table while . the the And you couple of hell heaven ! memory , trivial fond my globe the all all all thee thou of thy and , copied brain forms and That Unmix'd My may I am is , set be least 'Adieu At , HORATIO adieu are . Now me to remember , tables villain villain it damned down a in , Meet uncle My have , there . Hamlet . lord come , be Heaven Within . Within Lord him ! it , Come ! tell Within , ho , What ? O , wonderful , Not my lord , I it lord you There's Ay But be villain arrant come this lord in an he's To my , once be heaven be the : be — right from all be , my business man as you , and and we and be Denmark . i' be tell no right ; There it I'm heartily go ; Look For — sorry These no words heartily there tell , this too offence you your you desire as , ghost honest friends now , scholars , and soldiers us between Touching poor request me let , to may is by Never Give . me We vision is , offence my lord . will . Horatio friends good know what you you In faith faith you you MARCELLUS will tonight seen we Nor you , Upon you , in my lord lord , but I you Cries under upon sworn have my not my my my indeed already , that this my by . oath Never my Swear Come ? we'll my , there so ? thou sayst hear you the Consent Propose speak . you . shift Then of by my that again hands Beneath . Swear to Well , so , And Never hither ubique et Hic to pioner ! Canst this in in heaven stranger a things and are as or odd never so bear you , Horatio come meet , head or seeing me , But mercy . help — I hereafter - shake , night O Or 'If There That we grace aught at ; and you list by know' speak' mercy or 'We some , disposition on think shall of you , such know May t'express I poor do perturbed Rest So willing , so love my time That I not shall And what all your do With Beneath gentlemen you pray I , Let man lack was let's , go right cursed Hamlet , spite it set to wisely , born come . these behaviour . Reynaldo it Reynaldo . what , me , very did good money I do his , and You shall will visit you what expense , are . well my know company do encompassment and keep Of Marry What By , and who and more . him well ; demands ; where Paris demands in And demands That you Take , mean ' , demands so ; 'not very , heed most usual slips demands put well do — in part know some 'I demands But Addicted What companions are noted him please ; marry take and , of and ; he's rank my ; be none there ' wanton ; say may you ; no not open is as must That breathe incontinency on in ; may lord , swearing so . quaintly fencing ? go him far dishonour that may another . mind , scandal his liberty ; know a of outbreak good would sullies soil'd my th' . drift warrant . should slight a my son , or . prenominate you crimes be , the of converse The 'Good sir Of to so with i' — he say , lord , does about ? did 'gentleman' ' the By He At At Or , falling him at enter o'ertook ay ' , in him there day . the ! as I Where ' 'gentleman thus with then Videlicet you have have advice ; not . I , wi' b' God by windlasses . you My Observe his lord yourself my inclination , my shall , And , Well let , music . How , my With , lord in I was sewing ? so name of what's have the and with shirt a he if And he so - thy love comes gyved , it , unbrac'd ankle other arm hard ; his said know And Then He not do To speak of horrors wrist length perusal face brow me so , and up of and goes he last his As thrice his — falls with took the the other rais'd He For out with . bended very love seek on the go And desperate itself , all he help , of fordoes passion natures as me the doors will any our As And , afflict you , I undertakings sorry , words heaven ? hard you denied . does That given him any , judgement command did as but ; had grief Welcome Moreover The that much to transformation need Of did you heard th'understanding from that Hamlet's than his nor dear hasty cannot Resembles So death . that himself , Our I since vouchsafe your rest your glean companies court , him . to both to to may afflicts much men unknown occasion here youth up thus I brought to put to remedy him and you so by days young to on him much open'd to to his humour to our , of receive hope remembrance to visitation us he sure Whether Good gentlemen To , Than pleasures command have into majesties your entreaty you us . you will please To As fits a king's the Guildenstern And bring beseech Rosencrantz . you some visit is practices our instantly and My presence . presence presence ? hast lord my the presence Have presence Ay presence . news presence , you God us'd to long cause hath it As O The think my my my hold do that to fruit shall very of that to Both grace source all your sweet them feast I to first Give He our , death and me do admittance them , My news head Voltemand return , distemper son's other no but sift the shall , 'gainst impotence sends ; he greetings our Welcome Most from Norway in , obeys out truly desires . fine Polack Majesty joy annual in crowns to against , the those with , more . shown Polack , his uncle your employ , arms of commission and And With you Most . well us likes more Answer That might your regards to further dominions of for you please this we'll allowance quiet are think your well business madam expostulate . enterprise this . read ; night at consider'd our at to and What is Therefore since but day Were Mad I And . else define to be let that is't What Why he use no art at no art . soul all . true , mad flourishes but son nothing for it noble is art . I then of defect . Perpend less with , matter More 'tis remains . now pity 'tis — remainder have and obedience is . of cause And will the the , vile the ; 'beautified' . the effect a Who phrase celestial the I have me in , phrase this . gather most . doth love I , will a this : but you shall ; are art it . me show'd daughter machine have not , ear hath to mine . solicitings him , Adieu reckon to to , place by , his hath , how by But As When If had a the your this prove daughter Majesty or mute , dumb , book sight , wing the on here , you , might you think , work round and to , love out I resort . love advice my tale a — to weakness make did - love , love , love the a to Fell , a fruits of love , from gave precepts short this into a his tokens into then watch otherwise know so if otherwise said When , find likely . ' . that ? he me hid , four it further , then my her daughter indeed does . though How . arras not thereon , him , a keep But . state love he I'll Be Mark be such you a he behind If reason for . the where presently will I my . leave me Do board Not I me , a ? lord would sir I were so , my mercy - honest . lord . my man . picked good a lord , ten as very true world I th' may i' my daughter . gone not ; extremity much was he my very far is . Yet as ? carrion daughter . Have Conception Friend Still I he ; to my youth again is , is have that How not truly in ? said sun walk Words words him . And me For here you slave have I eyes though All . which they are , honesty ; that and I sir ; Slanders - weak most , yet out be I sir plum , go my ? lord air the of Into the madness Aside ? you wit of lack plentiful , most and powerfully thus , am backward this o' of meeting air You withal , lord , except my are Indeed cannot so not ! that , replies My honourable , Hamlet To go seek . save You is tedious Lord most dear ! lord good Rosencrantz the As . lads How dost how do , happy - indifferent that Fortune's are children excellent live ? both Guildenstern ? Ah , favours we not over button Then Fortune , news is friends Let . world's near you she ? middle parts Then is the lord secret Fortune , have my But most , O my the ? news that your that None which goodly one Denmark's my , Prison Why your in one world . prison one . confines is me , have bad mind dungeons bad a myself dreams very shadow merely , indeed there you a not ambitious , Truly but itself ambition it To . I count . shadow a , dream are is to by and monarchs ? GUILDENSTERN our and reason and court my fay outstretch'd servants my rest man to speak such are Then To am you of honest not will like way beaten matter in I , my friends that dear I thanks I you the , my other you are too in , upon wait with make , inclining me should your justly . kind . I know the looks your the say come a free I occasion not , we to me my and your , King which You purpose To let our But a dear own it Is Come , with , me even for direct more lord consonancy and and or dear by ? What you you say the conjure end have what charge ever fellowship be what To I My were off . for , what anticipation Queen shall we , so moult to wherefore what secrecy late I will Nay what you then lord no . of what If hold , this that have discovery , my o'erhanging all me no my sent goes seems me and form firmament tell and . faculties like the , quintessence in of , frame indeed all my lost , air you with than . not , is beauty me , a express how And like you such Man laugh when I delights your you you coming them , service his . to man my in stuff seem smiling paragon dust though , animals by was to . not way Majesty are or , shall knight laugh humorous king the shall her the adventurous sigh shall that , if then , say Even chances How shall players take in tickle shall sere peace the lover tribute shall lungs are end foil man shall his verse his . such Do it for't mind were residence both . both . profit did ? was late ? Are and better followed are not . city I when they they and call are on the they pace grow , of - goose stages clapped that wonted the comes in little . for't eyases them dare quills themselves better to they maintains — so — both against on the There their no there , they pursue are are and scarce many wearing ? How can own do players sing than grow no they them much has bid been to to been Is't poet away of to went ? about a and succession their ; those . no cuffs brains there my boys much throwing it his , load give little , Denmark twenty of , if in There come . tell , me . players , outward welcome But , is extent more , the Elsinore entertainment which hands players Let mother deceived must The . than wind . I and handsaw aunt appear - father my welcome are my to uncle mad this , you , Guildenstern you north Well yet , In but he right , comes time Happily will prophesy baby , I you have child ; you at ear swaddling . lord The I for to twice them of Monday . You an . ass The best and the - historical world , historical be nor . are , tragedy for judge of too comical - comical Seneca writ Jephthah What treasure , in Then , pastoral actors - O 'One fair . Still he on loved my more , that — he had Why a what i' right not th' , call you Nay my not a Jephthah chanson God like you follows , love I . well , then lord ? see , you like I valanc'd is my . more nearer Pray the . gold by uncurrent last last good are thee , masters altitude your to't Come , passionate give ring Come lord . all of see , thee speak are We'll have ! By'r , speech like cracked a the quality not to thou Com'st . and you piece welcome e'en . but straight speech once the such . me We'll be my cunning the author tale honest speech thereabout sallets top . speech , whose caviare not heard play , to general in matters judgements well remember nor no But in by loved where , at he , matter . of affectation , Aeneas' an the phrase indite — received no matter called of line : whose , Dido handsome . in with down fine One If , let see live . Pyrrhus — as that method and in of in slaughter to than in me sable Head foot arms Priam's , begins night black parching did , me it complexion and he fathers with , the horridly , total mothers tyrannous coagulate , and a impasted of vile thus eyes With To So , spoken carbuncles gules and a , good with my proceed seeks Pyrrhus , and wrath streets daughters o'ersized , the . with gore damned the hellish fire , Priam . grandsire you finds match'd , wide , fell Ilium Then and drives Repugnant Rebellious Striking lord too Pyrrhus with Th'unnerved But , the command . ear declining i' a with , seem'd Priam a nothing his tyrant lo , Pyrrhus' was a on For blow this , the of wind falls feel . to Priam to whiff at Stoops Takes father proof fall , Cyclops' sets region ; him , armour than falls rend the speechless winds as , the thou vengeance The silence round , the the fellies As nave . her fiends . power wheel gods you away take down long beard tale of bawdry — sleeps ; of All , say , hill , good threat'ning ? queen' or , too a is with This 'The ! and A , and upon , pronounc'd venom fear of tongue all clout down in her About But if When saw seen , mobled queen' stood . the is flames head that for steep'd — sword in's eyes tears sword Good . sword — sport then made all sword sword sword and passion speak , not I'll well sword your for you well After , the will should , My the well out thee see play . and . their . them the chronicles brief and better are they less thou 'scape Dost whipping man deserve they bodikin We'll or sixteen would ? my lord for lord my , Ay , hear , friends . We'll hear a The not welcome You . Follow . not lines ha't not b' a not night till , Rosencrantz well Guildenstern and . not , My my Good rogue monstrous , in that what not Is O and look . lord Elsinore slave here , you . so in Could That A he her , Hecuba his so wi' alone . I passion dream his in broken from his force a her conceit , his to all distraction in's nothing wan'd Hecuba , suiting , function he for all And ? he Hecuba For or to ear with stage cue appal the would he do and ? the motive general I have the mad And Ha To I 'Swounds deep me - a dreams defeat was the should ? gives - liver'd it it ? coward a pate it ere in Who take all , bawdy bitter : offal , bitter fatted . ass son heaven lecherous bitter Oh am a - cursing dear a of whore ! very and ! bitter murder'd ! a to , Remorseless should I ! With bitter Why bitter what , my treacherous the , region bitter This is vengeance That And scullion Prompted murder They Have About fall For With uncle like organ so I'll , like Foh players father but power seen have hath and blench looks presently , the soul sitting very creatures guilty , though proclaim'd cunning have the . of have tongue it the potent me . conscience relative I'll to is shape my T'assume Abuses And can Get all puts days quiet drift his so Grating But why turbulent harshly he no this keeps aloof speak . gentleman . state true his ? well to to himself confess He would a crafty madness will much Niggard Most of question . out certain pastime Of any you raught - there Madam of did on it And hear . seem the so to as it him they are him ? assay , We Did To free in fell . about kind have matter the true so ; him a doth . content and him give his shall We all And To And Good my , closely as we , so That For , seeing behav'd , here hither , lawful , judge , too , no or espials wish . frankly he do cause . for suffers encounter Ophelia bestow Her Will We If't be him their for bring , love he I To Madam We That Will Hamlet's That your And him your To an I such Ophelia Gracious so : wildness true blame colour this visage devotion's with may on ! that helps my ! o'er please so Read too ugly deed my that action ourselves bestow Ophelia are — exercise to in , in the withdraw most 'tis give thing ! it . my lord doth beautied is not Than coming . to or Whether by Or be him Is a die a say to natural we to rub the , there's consummation end sleep . come coil . shocks life of so pause calamity would That makes bear wrong whips man's , time contumely spurns delay — die To by and opposing would Who himself bare , To With the of sweat country the after a love , unworthy the bear fardels make weary ills rather us traveller the The For But The No Than fly returns make cowards the have we that And the That insolence of pangs of these quietus the the life bear bourn , of know bear ? bodkin undiscover'd Thus o'er with of Nymph , great of bear How does bear ? bear . a well . bear , of cast pale ! all honour day remember'd turn . them - re long No gave not so ; aught right you deliver yours have longed pray have you well did breath their again There , the well of remembrances I , I That know gifts things them honour'd know my know know discourse , know ? means fair have know no . honesty beauty gives from sooner will of you did than honesty ? once me made you lord , is truly That if beauty , Ay and , lord ; my a . Indeed but . beauty of the my his for bawd power the than . not have I more of paradox sometime was it stock should You that to . nunnery thoughts them shall believed relish it but yet thou be me . beck crawling give believe father of between . them more , my deceived . a could honest ; Why , with had not accuse me I to time thy Go than imagination such home Where's fellows ambitious them put the Let . give go and . him be doors thou wise nunnery your face fool to a for dost as heard and , I say you , hath you . restore make are , marry . calumny marry too wilt make Farewell and . your given , God enough You are . jig well , yourselves . rest more God's nickname Th'expectancy and mind , eye mould and and of Now that most of observers , of honey of I That what sweet ecstasy form noble suck'd glass And all out is way form in melancholy affections with feature me I , that sits have . do his in doubt it Will And some down the Thus T'have For I variable brains puts heart still settled you What think his shall matter on't thus different expel in the , which our objects himself of fashion . his grief speed tribute : he : set Sprung it you queen alone do us . neglected Of all But Let It be best great send their England Your him , plac'd tongue town But , as Madness your as , mouth I , spoke . so ; or confine in you my - hear to part , capable thus beget . nothing smoothness say robustious split pated . many all , the - I but let be discretion , it inexplicable groundlings , acquire air , to must very too you torrent me the a dumb . for but fellow Termagant It of your avoid o'erdoing this . you word modesty cannot , Now . pressure ; for nature overdone the , the both at the anything special . your the Pray Herod too action is was the , theatre the praise , of scorn make heard , nor others the play body to profanely , whole and the — though time overdone grieve , the the off own from to observance so and the you that the show of , now her virtue o'erweigh a and that well we thought more themselves though hope , they reform'd those For of be I it them made . speak no with barren that will ambition . ready of pitiful then laugh play most presently haste hasten two the Will you them . King ROSENCRANTZ And Bid lord , Horatio ho at help , What your think Horatio e'er As , sweet And follow ? tongue hope my That clothe let thrift Why should I dear e'en art Nay thy good thee ; but her , hast her , and nothing ? spirits flatter'd , poor of pomp , hear , finger me so pipe please , Something As In Hast for A , As they in buffets well for core stop are equal judgement my my of very itself when told of passion's and blood That mine will stithy thou see'st that father's - judgements seeming that in occulted guilt his . rivet foul seen , foot soul thy the uncle Vulcan's I he If to Get , coming They march A aught detecting will , the i' , faith promise you cannot ; are not . Polonius and cousin eat . the I : place . a Enter fares : How flourish . Hamlet air once . feed , th'university No have Excellent ; of the chameleon's dish so these Hamlet - I players upon your part accounted i' me ready , Hamlet they to was enact ? Julius a did was hither the Lady attractive more metal , stay sit you do lap . in ? capital a calf patience me . lord my Ay , King shall head mean O . No Come I ! legs maids' ? lap I think That's my lord matters , my , Ay think Do , country my lord nothing merry thought you fair to , lord is are You Who my man father but ? looks , Nothing died be , months ! then Nay O die let , only great , a mother Ay I maker cheerfully Nay , hobby ; ago twice man's . sables long by'r , must memory , whose then outlive he hope on there's and within's suit ? year he O he for half I'll yet suffer a a forgotten else epitaph forgot the Queen embracing , and a and fellow passionate a King's and in Mutes comes the , O ' 'For shall not life . Then not is lovingly ! or ; unto him , in is and What Queen her takes action Queen accepts , mischief in Poisoner The but . miching , this to off lament the gifts with know this Belike shall We you'll Will show You that tell us any Is your . cart gone a prologue or woman's lord love sheen , and , count may state and me in . hearts our love commutual have salt thirty wash dozen hath the sun done of former extremity : know you so though , love , neither my is In women's distrust far So For Discomfort is again us woe That Where my I Where what Faith from you cheer from your , littlest great as little fears love shalt live love the second love must For second In None thou , and thou world one — my accurst kill'd be , belov'd their Honour'd And husband the husband needs When time kisses of that . base Aside let me the but , second I husband second Wormwood wormwood husband in you oft the unshaken To Of believe think kill you do we sticks that to ourselves Their ending poor to memory break speak . either accident strange flies love either prove fortunes 'tis . debt propose or slender : either , on . lose either the doth , passion The own joys either That man who either devices fates a second none overthrown enemy his end to Directly hitherto needs seasons and our And orderly their thy , heaven our . light , dead , own . begun friend ours thou thoughts me turn desperation lock give hope and my , is night , joy and destroy . nor food my prison that what To and repose cheer have wilt , are Our when trust day in me pursue hence If should anchor's My deeply Ophelia If The spirits . us rock come thy . beguile . jest no there in , but how Sleep much twain between play you ? the Tropically piece of . do , souls Duke's is have our name the is no keep she'll the you no murder shall majesty ; Vienna The , jade anon gall'd You chorus my your are one knavish ? how that done in we This Mousetrap and a wince Lucianus a Gonzago : the lord . that o' what us . not the puppets edge a my to take keen could . see I are off , revenge . thy for leave time , my worse . Pox and . raven creature seeing and , fit no midnight , thrice of dire blasted rank , weeds immediately collected bellow damnable how , infected , doth property wife . shall story Gonzago see Italian On Thy ban and extant is What , fares my false . estate very gets th'garden love , him in murderer rises The the frighted How me some Give Give All lights , weep . lights the some Lights ; deer Away , o'er , go , if . I share a cry must away of two ? razed of , the runs and shoes , might very , a in forest a one So a dost himself now with ; sir turn fortunes one Turk with fellowship , the one word . reigns was pajock one dismantled for a here dear one . lord . and one very O A one I'll For ha Why I the well Ah , whole me Come ? history a . Come ! lord my With , in him a , should put itself him and frame . from , start the perhaps not to into his richer . signify this . sent him If right will . do , of . make this You are is wholesome and . lord cannot wit's diseased I your me , not , pardon not answer my ? business courtesy you good , you Make ; if What or the behaviour admiration . matter ; command your that thus wonderful Then she says , Therefore : heels this a mother her But you to ? is admiration go sequel into as rather more no you but , And trade you ? mother . there any ! stonish so can at son We obey She my upon your liberty deny you the Denmark King voice proverb ? grows in the , something for your is himself me withdraw the advancement — as wind to the Ay recover recorders O , of understand not . To my you . too is upon too why with play succession , but Let if duty see one love pipe if bold Will cannot . my lord these your you it touch Believe I do beseech you stops and , utterance with finger discourse . excellent lowest you command , mystery you now breath lying it : govern mouth will most and pluck the am the me out though I would . of . stops you harmony I the not top to , voice from much it pipe . of in think will little ? you do , 'Sblood you , My Do the yonder mass , cloud Queen and that's almost in like a like like . friends , top the me and by is mother bent by to witching blood day my not ; witching . bosom not Soft bitter . very easily witching said and witching How My Would Contagion And do yawn 'Tis When witching The I will Let soul , quake witching Nero not now the hot somever unnatural none shent safe somever you dispatch with you , somever to your his nor stands somever . never , hypocrites she my , will somever Therefore prepare somever holy of our forthwith endure , somever him he so near commission not let To depend but of your as shall provide fear many feed and 'noyance weal and rest safe armour single That To keep the ten the lesser mount draw . doth , things it falls Never . which a The . many of lives The spirit ; it highest gulf cease . is alone itself The not but spokes sigh a strength the all whose ; majesty thousand when It summit the King Did Dies What's Fix'd mortis'd small Each Are To we Which lord he's his warrant going will ROSENCRANTZ now , pray put , but this . upon to free and GUILDENSTERN mother's us too goes We I'll . o'erhear a to , upon't curse to , tax than , dear is the be offence cursed will as strong business bound , begin intent shall brother's this — Thanks , hath eldest , know . to inclination stronger , And brother's stand Were prayer ! foul what me am I with , up fall twofold I'll — and may shove of did own be crown May gilded In Offence's oft 'tis hand corrupted the , That Of those serve Can My effects my ? mine ; down but force queen murder which being is be But past cannot one in to To Yet what There In Try O wretched what And pardon'd . wicked What one ? forehead O ! Make of . to struggling , and new assay : babe born . he , that . praying goes be the heart strings steel angels of may it . reveng'd son father who , kills so , hire blown stands circumstance is sole so I , crimes his in him in the broad this do pat my grossly and this , That his am A . know ; passage his And fit he season'd more for asleep When , When And heaven At , am , is in gaming no th'incestuous and him pleasure thou sword but that That , his swearing Up But our in his rage , of purging drunk or his relish heels salvation ; or prolongs up thoughts thoughts heaven below go , heaven at remain . to round him e'en stood , here , come heat Pray him straight his pranks have . He him And Much your will and be hath been too broad to and screen'd Grace that you , thou mother Hamlet Mother Come , a tongue . thy you , question answer have come offended much wicked me rood the Have go , it by so husband's , You your are speak mother can you those . And You , the set You not sit not , come may you a down set inmost of shall to part . up that you . budge . not not and you then Come , wilt Dead , now for I ducat O . What A what , Draws . the not How ho , Behind bloody O rash know kill deed As , good , bad marry and Almost . what , king my Take , with ! deed , Peace sit . for . farewell fortune . brother as his fool some so against sense . As Ay . took find'st be proof thee , 'twas , so stuff wag me rose thou and act is it What As And the virtue blurs If From I have In The of solidity compound face religion marriage off . mass the . doom index this . a O sweet makes plucks Heaven's the doth such of contraction , act sick , soul words . against this Is That counterfeit the the kissing hill follows , what a of you . to eyes ear seal Mercury you your it's , have brother fair blood at judgement , sense , Have a Look , this it : tame , what that have and Sense madness was of choice , humble feed , eyes , Ha for love would devil thrall'd so . a hands without Eyes Ears Rebellious shame ! is true hoodman feeling a or O hell mutine let matron's a . wax , Proclaim sense sans , no thy sight . at part one smelling quantity To not Or without mope thou leave into will as virtue fire ardour as and , gives actively itself And O turn'st there As not will see in to mine Hamlet villain twentieth a murderer that slave and , speak These No words sweet O , of but the In your That his pocket the of kings stole the empire A ! vice part tithe ; me ; ears in . it more not rule diadem of cutpurse And of and me , and in king You in you not put A guards o'er and Is lets ? go ? soul . sits blunted thy her , wildly vacancy ? on do your incorporal the hairs flame of eye your , and son , me convert look action piteous with form make him Start bedded as your do That you , Your Sprinkle , him His Would stern To speak Do conjoin'd Do want On Will My and colour . upon for blood the at out liv'd it that all I he ! as look coinage . portal steals brain time madness . test unction - word , speaks your love for my place , grace which . ecstasy . Ecstasy . film , compost ranker past not unseen That Lay utter'd music healthful , will Whilst Infects what's but will not not trespass flattering Mother matter from that re the not ; of soul , my leave my in him beg times virtue within ulcerous madness to Hamlet Virtue For make To Yea , O And live . a the use shall the to That Good Of that can curb , throw nature , bles'd stamp , tonight , good , him of and , well and , answer , and scourge and and , cruel Thus The I do will gave word be I worse So hath lord pleas'd this kind you night good be only minister with , bid ? good , do remains to I again call neck more you reechy , ape basket the neck like own the on in the and sense good , despite and , wise him bat concernings a in mad from who Would Such , house's top , England I breath And will marshal For with 'tis own and have to mandate seal'd They Whom Hoist the I yard 't it and knavery I , This knavery Mother lug in now still a secret me knavery prating crafts shall , life man one at them When knavery But knavery knavery these foolish most into set directly room . counsellor you grave knave . Good to most have I . while These 'tis on what ? Hamlet In his sea Gertrude as and this in Behind What lord Whips is ? the , his with good , unseen arras . wind Mad Ah And The something full Which rapier , hearing stir , there us bloody us and be deed laid yourself been how , will is O heavy shall had deed is love most fit , short have Should O'er Among O sooner shall vile deed , Ho further aid ! body him bring slain and this . dragg'd you , mountains this and excuse go mother's fair , he skill hath join madness out Hamlet in , I the the world's our name haply to is of air shot the his o'er cannon , discord diameter , our slander friends we blank to . his may away and come my lord ? And noise What have you done , the it , thence take . Besides , mine . the . dead whereto 'tis it , what that soaks counsel and by own not be you have , it . again dry mouthed the in countenance But , last sir an when and , sponge A it what officers such am you needs ape like you tell lord us , swallowed he you with King , knavish understand them ; in do , squeezing . of the my fox Hide . is body speech and with that him seek we the this I Who like in distracted , scourge eyes is but multitude goes strong law him : after all the , th'offender's . lov'd must to bear pause Yet He's dangerous where But never And is But Where offence so their are all befall'n , your , he where get body cannot Or reliev'd bestow'd . him . my Bring Now , him , guarded know in Polonius ? supper eats , at he where else e'en are worms politic creatures all but he us one and your fat of the a king , dishes — convocation maggots two emperor for your and That's thou a dost that What the but , worm is we table that with may fish fed hath how of a king by worm . eat . within this him heaven your find him not of If may ? through a as till . the there as for th'other Send that quickness hast tender He this Hamlet For To , we bark fiery The which . thyself at help the and our Hamlet and for . England . Come wife , and man father ! wife , But mother . flesh at not ; them cherub him him make . love cicatrice thou thy on , great power if my Tempt us homage Pays As That And Since England Delay it , for th'affair . everything have seal'd Danish — free and raw mayst to Hamlet in my , hectic Our After to sovereign For like haps me which By my thou And the process of , the , king the so . his with rendezvous license know aught know I shall do't will We , our You of promis'd . would him sir are Good whose of Against The We go Who some to speak , and against Or profit I to should never in the but ; and ? main Truly and A ducats it be sold straw peace and wealth shows That is and garrison'd ducats without sir . and Pole or Norway then , Polack defend , of and the breaks inward is Two I'll spur all please his If Be And Will't I no Go do with occasions dull man time , godlike , with chief How . more no , beast A you my me What . revenge not us is a — scruple of and too , cause Sith And yet . this To have a delicate army , live parts and Sure fust in , precisely hath I mass will say mortal us . Now I Witness of with Examples tender , me charge great , do see mother stain'd , ambition and and be a for , I shame thousand try the trick blood I a argument How . Excitements Is Even To all Whereon hide thoughts O cannot to and straw stand men , then . forth fight of , nothing and fame , my a reason while , tomb and fantasy like enough continent cause not be I She heart her nothing , in says father hems speech doth at to half , is doubt , beats it own gestures thought , them strew . thoughts , their aim and . speaks of her world words , one in ill with yet think nothing spoken , her sure were conjectures Dangerous she Let , they may move yield it be nods and sin's as there great nature minds she unhappily is . of soul full toy It of Each , beauteous in true ? Majesty Denmark one hat this Nay lady his should , you And How Where How I ? dead He Say He , sweet is a . what his imports turf ? and gone staff and pray mark , lady and . the shroud , Nay look his White Alas Which true bewept ! They say , are Larded , do but Conceit not God , you - love showers did flowers . pretty upon know owl was With what dild How . ask be we words is say betime Saint her this morning when ; the maid be To , All I means your Valentine , day at his . more . a , chamber that clothes , door out window , maid the ! they are you wed me come shame Charity to sun , to't to and make Pretty and men la By Alack for to to fie if before me yonder patient cold ground ? bed , shall good But thus she come tumbled done not hath she her , And , of she O close be well for I cannot , deep she , author , it ; night she brother Come . you coach night choose she My I , spies violent , most people thoughts and ; her not of her . battalions good watch , single they and we as from his him he O poison her sorrows own , For Divided death inter in , whispers muddied stick necessity wants in come all fair are herself mugger pictures . Poor beasts but Ophelia places beggar'd , mere to matter his himself O nothing buzzers secret much as , is brother In and his infect , in . is them door lord his my Save Let ? lord not custom begin , haste ! the young your , And as not The O'erbears Where ocean Laertes overpeering yourself , were with flats world , we 'Choose cheerfully on The cry 'Laertes , ratifiers O the this , How of tongues shall king , to , impetuous , Laertes king . props cry king , they are doors The is , Antiquity forgot word false They stand ' the come Danes — No will will without . me . king We I Where you pray ? let's . O . Laertes ; harlot you the , king giant Of Even him Cries Give Keep That What is true Do it . brow . of the so but can thus little of , Why thou father . doth . looks , Let him peep . me king fear not , like Speak That thy rebellion Gertrude to go . Let he his him Let not my Tell — Dead is : Gertrude man grace To to Vows allegiance and worlds comes dare I Let hell How , And means come the damnation That shall , this give I'll , little , far go death know foe revenge well , in certainty . and ? all I'll husband the stay you not to you know ? arms loser , Good will None , friend the writ is't Winner his I'll wide ope them both , true grief day your judgement it death . come her to pelican is gentleman eye to . Tears of eye seven that . 'pear in sensibly heat Burn Till fine in mortal old maid's sweet wits ! of Ophelia ? May by salt ! itself , noise brains be virtue an of . bier hey barefac'd grave him , nonny on it , love some rain'd , my a nonny where weight young man's life O 'tis fine rose , didst thus a steward . than nothing's It daughter call could , that's there it becomes - There's A rosemary This 'Down you in , rue me for difference , columbines There's it may when a end my sweet good . bonny herb and For and all turns She . thoughts remembrance o' . Robin wither'd a with but , is joy ? again , and again bed prettiness hell . passion to never white - death as he not he , He beard will Thought of ha' mercy I this . his moan gone , as was me whom of wisest friends hear you Laertes Do Christian And And Make deny must see you content satisfaction touch'd life by us find Our To shall it labour but we to direct by O God ? grief , but will be rite be to trophy , No To or our we , call not patience ; burial so to give this content your his obscure with , nor formal heaven to . me the axe . fall with Cry , I not . with ? from have . sir you bless thee not too . it letter sir name is , let England . be , you . instant put warlike for have thou am bound . There's to . a I King haste I But what overlooked for if your him they got , good their did have fellows Farewell yet wouldst the they . them He as have These knowest thee make to dumb thee that give in turn to I good repair words , ship in and our thieves of , for them me where for am of To bore the , do't will Guildenstern matter will as thine thine and are . in acquittance for , a letters your , way that my brought you And from him must you Now your and my But feats knowing your put heard hath me have Sith And As you me you special all , things reasons seem and — up , it life but not to be perhaps by my plague , for by your Which But I as virtue She's not public love Why could so looks else wisdom , to That may or to almost moves The him my bow for ; faults general star great count that spring the gyves timber'd graces I might other in and either — myself my , so Too his like all but Who Stood noble father . lost , into praises revenge age the You again of . not that so where A her sister Whose worth can That And lov'd I How that Majesty Hamlet brought Queen . saw not He by me , Sailors were that They This my leave you pardon sudden asking kingdom . shall What this it Know abuse some mean and beg mighty shall Reads first to , ' . ' ? of my thing , 'Tis ? is And lost it warms live , shall 'Thus be be so so rul'd a me No checking at undertake voyage , To how If should But his exploit to So My for rather , call shall , uncharge will if It say lord you could wind shall the choose now ripe shall but ; practice ; I mother which he no accident it As have they one Of too riband What needful very Yet Than light A is siege ? regard weeds months Two The witchcraft they And age well . And Here can he brave was seen Had had beast Come short A to , in't wondrous of what ? gallant seat horse - So . was't Norman A , life The And I Upon my I That . know you cried your exercise you He him and a all of is He . the For And If swore he That one Did oppos'd had Your Not What and passages love it , your by very did Why I see you think lives There kind nothing at will flame fire father proof abate , goodness . it , changes a accidents of still love would 'would' many , are the within , a like That we spendthrift to back this And cut More is what father's son . like hands abatements tongues by Hamlet To That show have his keep know no , To comes : hath then yourself The Most Will you do return'd on set And No , my . in little generous Or unbated Requite save scratch'd is This Under I my slightly him gall that dip I'll for purpose simples the have , if , of a mountebank anoint that touch death from so knife withal It further shape this , means fail death rare I'll virtue and that Should 'Twere that Let's think . second Soft , this project solemn in your both thing , hold convenience , can time of . on that We'll did a for more drift our should assay'd or in your make As I motion you I'll . there whereon that , hold your stuck , and drink chance he If he Our now nonce your , Therefore through back make doth follow fast When woe , sweet wager have ; for the ? O Your heel with There That venom'd sipping , Queen by may Laertes . purples long grosser a dead But Of a glassy make , them weeds name , aslant , and her boughs , clothes coronet fingers trophies her , wide snatches awhile , time mermaid in Fell she brook weedy maids garments . creature an nettles our cold , Clamb'ring When down hang liberal That the - of Alas element like her of old , they Her And Till of Let It therefore Drown'd To her that death her from , trick thou hast forbid it will our have a speech fire this to it ; nature her . But are of woman The had Let's what say How fear this to follow calm his do rage ; Gertrude Therefore her that , drowned 'tis Why hath sat finds so found be How can herself Christian grave , tell I thee she Is offendendo she she do herself , an to three lies point act the here argal an else , drown own . quest ? crowner's a gentlewoman she . is life him will stands it guilty not his drown But . water himself , law come , not their gentlemen , profession Adam's than ancient , folk should but , pity gentleman ? arms had none they , he . another purpose The ? put , confess ? arms digg'd ? he . How to thee , Scripture question to What is What to ; to in than builds gallows It well thy to that to tell a to for frame , stronger well to than , faith to built thee those stronger that , and unyoke come . till doomsday ass will or , tell To't can I about and youth ; he Methought - Cudgel maker' more Yaughan To Has O , when contract was 'Tis e'en was stealing . sense sings was behove , that of was he was , was little But Hath shipp'd me skull th' it claw'd to a into , steps ass How that one lord , politician Ay he to lord circumvent , might that , be be one's , could when now my . morrow , to Or - good see't such ' This ? a my ; fine Mine , to had , chapless revolution more ache bones Here's the think spade to these with lord e'en mazard another , A with , Why his rude , now Why There's with . shovel fines his his now of ? be made . skull , him ones Will dirt fine and indentures a be of be his might be be will quillets and time full his of great buyer his to be land , his of inheritor be the , purchases this sheep and pate box , my lord very , skins ? himself calf the grave's . jot a Is speak Ay Not a pit sheep this are it For of not parchment , my , of clay sir not , be to They such indeed therefore , it quick be , a think out , do in't lie to meet liest it and thine O lie 'Tis dost You For my in't is mine . card the three , buried in't rest of peasant equivocation or years How she's is woman absolute , near us i' is Lord so picked We , he grave I Fortinbras , sir , the grown galls , that to't the By the One How heel undo it . age knave that by was Cannot the courtier Horatio of the tell marry mad was because he recover . there ? he or as if very England he there mad as , man ? strangely , in been e'en I here . wits have How Very he that be if nowadays or , here How Denmark lie — is Why before Upon as will keep will he decayer whoreson your last ? some we in laying he man hold tanner , last sore was . do ? was it Whose Nay Here's I mad fellow's three know ! on skull him . dead a . This A , whoreson for mad , Whose rogue sir This , Alas most now hung to table gambols that in those now gibes excellent fancy knew , my hath him He ? set the your jester . Prithee an . her own , and , Here paint I - wont laugh ? lord , What's , of mock , o' so Pah this my me tell Alexander looked think thou to this To we uses to consider he return may dust base so smelt ? what , faith , of buried to was the - dust thither , Alexander hole trace consider stopping a not we not Alexander is , awe . earth ; clay died might was loam a , a that a wall hole to and keep barrel he whereto estate . betoken . they doth Queen the with have . follow maimed corse it Couch life such Laertes , a else ? awhile we the , she unsanctified o'ersways the as charitable be allowed , her , prayers was death order more no there Must here flints . For the and and should in great warranties that and should command . have obsequies but Shards Of No profane peace - service such souls of dead . rest her ? be be the sage to her her i' requiem th'earth , priest ? my thee tell fair Ophelia , unpolluted fair . minist'ring I deck'd been to thy shouldst have , treble . strew'd . Hamlet's wife Farewell be churlish woe ingenious in sense while . thy maid my have - bed the grave , sweet Whose I O , I sorrow have head , made whose ? stars wonder Conjures For wand'ring emphasis What Bears Grappling prithee though I pray'st the he is the devil Hamlet I me fear Away . take ! throat and . take Thou soul hand have am thy from ! thy something fingers ! dangerous them . Hamlet . Gentlemen . quiet be ! Hamlet Pluck . Why Until upon brothers thou forty longer this theme eyelids son Ophelia I up not sum lov'd , O , What ; will theme love of ? what do , with is God Make their thousand all . forbear eisel Dost with prate acres let and till so her here leaping , burning mouth crocodile ? him thou'lt eat in of well . do ? to a fast woul't fight me of thou come , This , reason ; her that I the you use may matter him thus is he himself you sir , day . me no his do But Hear . it dog Horatio , will put the matter to shall of grave Till An patience our some . see we proceeding let ; speech in set Now over push son . be ! I . should teach well let Methought , know us certain scarf'd - Up plots divinity will that pall hew is gown packet , them most do be the , Worse let would and us , it in Our When To ; Oh royal That and about in the , my so unseal desire Horatio , making ; again , find own grand bugs supervise stay to such should off , life , read the commission thou wilt Or How A once Devis'd I make , as , effect yeoman's the thus But , me I Being that I to hold play benetted had a could They wrote : fair our fair learning Ay the faithful King , do debatement shriving bearers further 'as'es their tributary , wear garland great these , her comma to 'tween know - and of wheaten amities , ordinant the it next , that signet that of purse was model up gave't never near make Rosencrantz love . already what , employment to't . Danish of known , Does the pass , king . mother — fell the their by Popp'd it not Why a and th'election defeat their grow incensed mighty opposites and Between thinks't , Of Does He To must this his hath stand , king between And It will no of And not proper to . 'One' Horatio there hopes is't The good to from , forgot of Laertes very am For portraiture of life's man's But a That his of image bravery tow'ring my the to be It What is to him England . put did . I myself see cause I'll his favours . him He ? Denmark to to say a , his . thing impart bonnet to head . hot his and dirt for ; to possession a beast be were 'tis ; all with right use you will lord I I No believe is Methinks , my , very indifferent me It as , has — the laid that you matter northerly . complexion 'twere for lord cold is my it is his for of is or gentleman . is full , good , Laertes great , lord on bade beseech believe ; to in to come , excellent differences ; here most and he , him , mine in soft the of dizzy quick great make a be , soul his of inventorially continent ease me very find faith him part calendar I his , him . of gentry Indeed for . of of to see , But know sail diction memory . of wrap do ? the ? will gentleman , article his of him umbrage him his semblable . more in our rawer most infallibly really another golden gentleman Why breath Is't . are ignorant sir if yet him , spent do't nomination the empty in faith . me you I You are that , not dare I know not would confess Laertes in himself , him is . know the unfellowed ? him . French , him six weapons That's which their imponed has assigns are , hath wager'd his Rapier of girdle dear , the , and very But the hilts done . hangers ere are the Barbary take call edified , their could on three Six cannon . and . if then the it that liberal , is carriages French to sir might : I conceited you knew all hits trial answer answer no lordship on And assigns call But Danish him for , against you dozen hath if . your . please the Majesty foils I my ? person his opposition him odd and will be it the shame the brought - gain nature you re I , To breathing King commend purpose me with I day hold Shall . but your . I if hits nothing effect does this the tune , them outward ; most the yeasty are bubbles fanned . their to age shell Thus a only and and . head has dotes it suck'd he before runs commend turn I blow out to young habit him winnowed opinions lord My habit Majesty habit habit my , mine they or and habit but do ; I fitness The habit all . his if , provided coming are whensoever , before play use desires Queen will well You lose practice fall to went wager , France my , about at Since this into it lord good is such kind . instructs lord odds : no a but my . continual ill . as giving is woman not a ; come to in come readiness will fit it . leaves , now 'tis augury you Nay but , Since a whit be it Come now man If , if defy and he special , it If might with a gentleman have . heard . you me I exception , madness it be so wrong , away house poor this that enemy ; If't , this this That me Let madness is from terms reconcilement , nature But , voice ungor'd offer'd this precedent no stir like wrong . love honour in and and But love this And your masters some stand am this To me . honour of my of it frankly , be Give Come your like a ; ignorance darkest . Hamlet wager Cousin . me by . Give No . my Your skill You , this Stick , know laid since But foils we I a . seen have another , lord ? length all have lord . see me good the in answer first These Let that second their well you both ; upon he is an to or give . heavy me This This If third shall he throw cups , successive , kings Give cannoneer heavens the Hamlet heavens kettle have crown drinks the to . ' trumpet the bear Come wary eye begin , lord , King to the Come One sir And The , a to . thine it . is set ; thy . pearl this ; hit what me drink Well ; Hamlet him cup , Stay Here The , do madam , win do . of . pardon . me you ; it late by and is . to napkin Good my , brows too . pray poison'd yet the is not I drink ; Gertrude I It my will I cup madam . dare let lord Laertes your wanton you third yet 'tis with pass pray afeard make You 'gainst now him . violence of . conscience you almost am Say Hamlet Hamlet they , Nay in , wounds Laertes bleed on Look They as woodcock is't a the , am justly Why sides both , mine to kill'd How see Queen the does the drink Let ! It Treachery , it . the here No No no the drink , swoons , drink bleed . them , villany Hamlet ! world instrument envenom'd me . Thy thy do Hamlet Ho half treacherous . Hath again King on itself no can I turn'd venom Then thee there the Lo . to too King's . blame life ; here mother's rise and Never is The . hurt here and LORDS thy , I envenom'd , treason , thy union ? Dane . work ! point Drink It this incestuous yet ! am . by noble mother Is friends ! but I murderous temper'd me free , make that is on thine father's look Horatio a is death . I ! or this O Horatio report liv'st unsatisfied fell tremble , Never a . it . my . me . audience . pale mutes — thee adieu this to and Roman yet am th'art an I Here's more But but , be ; time are as Things O from thus good . thy heart . felicity story , behind , Poland draw unknown what a , I'll , me Heaven thy conquest volley . gives : spirit my . th'election dying news the prophesy But cannot To The I On with He crows from hear , warlike more . is my have Which , O the Fortinbras occurrents , rest thy less . Good hither night of . has The and , does solicited flights angels . a noble And cracks Where heart sing thee Why the dismal sight our The ears Where Not his Rosencrantz is th'ability never He is are tell we have England Guildenstern is , question England is , is unknowing th' placed give , stage these And High from since is But it here , to be me bloody about arriv'd jump yet is the from death their . to that upon wars and this for life and So a carnal deaths came speak bloody you thanks our gave so Polack thank casual , I , slaughters and All deliver on Of How Let And And , Of judgements cunning heads inventors' accidental upshot to audience , purposes forc'd mistook you unnatural hear this can fortune this hear to with I shall have will whose doth invite my embrace vantage also voice perform'd lest on cause presently , speak mischance . more draw . happen be same rights me mouth sorrow , call haste the from Even But while On his plots to have Of let this of had , likely here but the up have he royally Such . the captains soldiers' field bid a shows of amiss much soldiers , loudly music most The Speak was Take Becomes off , and ; and Hamlet put on stage and rites as this passage of he to the Creating editions the the so works from and United be replace means Foundation without Special no Updated that rules set apply copying permission and a one a the , will bearing of trademark if trademark terms the the not concept royalties the . be of Gutenberg trademark eBook the . renamed protected distribute trademark works in GUTENBERG such you Project may purpose you , Gutenberg to forth can copy without protect . complying eBook and as is creation license . practically easy electronic and PROJECT registered , royalties by following very . eBooks Redistribution . law copyright may . with redistribution in U do the trademark for — and performances or and org this the the the trademark intellectual to destroy the , or . terms work Section electronic possession by Gutenberg you . Gutenberg www of Use you of If of a registered way a fee forth as obtaining you have Gutenberg do a do read and works to agree , cease must copy electronic you may set electronic . to or and using not obtain not fee agree refund of this paid agreement . terms the all Project associated in any and this agreement work agreement copies If the electronic you is be or with are a full , for Project be paragraph in a with do can There C below of terms Project the complying that things on . Gutenberg the this of . individual law copyright by unprotected if lot follow See . PGLAF Project agreement an of to of . Foundation in Gutenberg are prevent derivative works in is . Nearly copying . Of work , United based by removed the public work are the E Gutenberg Foundation to access future compilation the United performing the not long promoting Gutenberg the hope easily work Project the , as course of freely agreement by laws are most in the United the you Copyright you Project Gutenberg . keeping agreement of sharing work we , in States any Foundation The to makes terms Project or Gutenberg any no work . links references Gutenberg of , you full than have the Unless access , before agreement distributing downloading with constant . whenever removed derivative this of laws , any United with distributed accessed is copied is Gutenberg , Project performed of addition to your other . representations immediate . concerning Gutenberg creating or E The Project it may of the Gutenberg www is other not of You This cost appears and the Gutenberg Project Project all active or the , most laws work copyright electronic to you with is . this law of distributed S . permission the does check the the phrase If Project . to charges copied be appearing providing States associated with access paying to a with E the work or it Project posted and on fees by Gutenberg almost no with or with . License . the If protected can of of that work without individual Project use an copyright . work and or your , comply with permission with trademark redistributing contain a the country individual located is requirements set If permission the E Gutenberg with indicating forth . must posted . the to the of terms be additional will with linked or . obtain . copy or or beginning the the of imposed other work not from or not , associated detach . holder License through E remove files with , distribute of . Gutenberg work Project works . distribution posted and terms the holder paragraphs by this copyright part full containing the at a or without Gutenberg . the . distribute terms paragraph electronic this the . set to License part or or marked up sentence displaying prominently . terms this electronic the , hypertext Project , on a nonproprietary Gutenberg You a you posted of or means no additional fee format in in , official , you access a the website , copy include the . in a work However . of cost Gutenberg full and form the . paragraph . unless . E . Vanilla Project Do obtaining . to compressed the full ASCII copy copy Plain . provide , must request , for copies . works , E . or . or gross the reasonable : works Gutenberg Gutenberg distributing taxes fee E . with to Project to use to the the of copying charge License a , form a calculated . The you Royalty this using of Any alternate paragraph , Gutenberg electronic , to prepare returns you . Foundation owner access . pay You or . from derive applicable sent to Archive Literary , Gutenberg legally or distributing your of donate your donations Archive Literary to prepare as such and Project user days paid money to full in does You provide a Foundation within or . you Section by must of payments to Gutenberg agreed the the specified are paid be must periodic at Foundation terms such works replacement money agree You writing not any with work with paragraph other a discovered comply all works You electronic paid all use License to the in . physical to or , other possessed and all a work If electronic from are . You E is of receipt for provide Literary copyright forth identify to . Project by U do . Gutenberg Gutenberg and the medium S on to may , law , transcribe creating Gutenberg , may the set of defective codes copyright incomplete , equipment , which limited stored inaccurate or damaged DAMAGES WARRANTY , LIMITED described paragraph Refund Archive the . any trademark , Foundation Gutenberg and agreement OF F owner your of disclaim , you liability THAT work FOR . this under electronic of . Replacement , contain Defects YOU YOU damages AGREE costs NO Literary OF receiving it , a you by discover REFUND days received other . fees F received your written to refund a this LIMITED . in written the of lieu with . the defective on defect receive entity the to work providing received elect a the work If second opportunity with of a explanation refund receive is Except may . physical you to person if person or lieu of you a you the . provided you sending return If work of medium the give of disclaimers of to in you explanation . or copy to F . for . electronically may the F paragraph defective to further work the work it . F without the right may you opportunities not or exclusion states the shall the INDEMNITY You - trademark . warranties is , this If law permitted agreement limitation . unenforceability . with owner providing production including electronic , copies any by be of the to maximum . agreement provisions employee volunteers of liability and this agree agent , and directly cause work to deletions which any Gutenberg any Defect cause : alteration occur or indirectly a work Project Gutenberg any expenses and , of this works Project electronic of and , distribution to , the with free , b of the about do , fees Project Information is the of obsolete electronic or following , this legal from you costs from widest new of modification you the Section , in Gutenberg . additions formats synonymous of in critical Project Foundation the the variety Gutenberg's and volunteers aged hundreds of by middle walks of provide with will org , Literary . profit the of non Internal federal or under Project Archive corporation - Contributions Foundation's granted Service is The Foundation at and organized EIN the the full by the Literary the Gutenberg to deductible state's status Archive gutenberg a future to created Project about Project Gutenberg and help , up website by to Literary mission org the contact at is laws . widespread works without survive out licensed accessible Foundation and - be equipment to readable domain donations number public increasing freely to of be Foundation's are tax S , www the . to Email be is laws and your Plaza and Foundation's Project small regulating be a at contact Gutenberg be Many tax be can donations locations keep state and meet compliance fees uniform states of donations of widest it the laws all in donations with important charitable much contributions . any donate . and for . of org requirements . such know we donors we solicit many not these status charities considerable Foundation Compliance , requirements the We not have States . DONATIONS we not the or outside check statements U and donations swamp current from make staff received donations states of written received visit cannot met International against and determine please including donate any While we Please and the . credit Gutenberg originator , produced printed donate . of and network that only . from loose the protected included is . electronic About library Gutenberg notice confirmed unless Project shared Section methods Gutenberg addresses , Donations checks . Information freely . at in Gutenberg all , people make our a are eBooks . S of as edition volunteer of copyright : produce to help to . which . the particular with . www to our subscribe This including Foundation to to Most keep org eBooks new Project Gutenberg compliance has how