Stand Stand . hour . Stand , Stand Stand cold 'Tis at . Stand Barnardo live the ? Stand Stand now twelve much you Not a sick ? Francisco bitter . stirring mouse good Who . meet my If I farewell is Barnardo hath night you . Dane ? Welcome what , this , And watch to With us sight have the eyes approve That Therefore dreaded belief 'tis but take to it . ears your assail against speak down , seen we the from , of fortified nights , hear Well are And let That When made The now the . like Most In Thou Question to form warlike night . speak ! stalks ! See ! speak ! and ! What Without Of the God ! like , I might and sensible ! mine Is it Before not Is He what in This Good nightly Why sit So And now , this why such toils mart for the down foreign impress divide of be night that joint That whisper now by so . Fortinbras most which our known who by law life , and of a to of design'd cov'nant young Fortinbras sir , same as article moiety ; inheritance vanquisher carriage . of our which the ; by Against , with the gaged To he In A graves little mote armed it be watch , the : the of trouble mightiest and the omen it countrymen together the fates , on demonstrated again comes , of grace earth be to earth Stay done earth , earth avoid earth , earth earth , may ! womb spirits , you earth thy foreknowing uphoarded speak the fate me country's to , life earth walk speak ! violence of so , heard morn , thing have . like , speak when to sounding , warning earth herein air , truth or hies . of singeth birth no say The It faded that , then witch gracious nor and dew morn yon , we have by russet in time planets spirit dawning wholesome so in and ; shall ? seen my hill , tonight upon will , my up of do is hath power to charm and acquaint him duty it speak life , clad most and conveniently find , know Laertes , this we To To Th'imperial wisest in one befitted woe . on ourselves our queen him with of it , grief dear and ; our whole , warlike , barr'd . him message , gone dole , frame death worth Fortinbras young supposal and his us all So have . father his our Now gait and full in proportions you , here dispatch , power the old more , dilated haste than Norway personal allow . commend further , articles . we VOLTEMAND and it In business Of bearers good of you of Out Giving Farewell that let nothing thy beg , the ? heart , throne instrumental Than The hand , lord to I return and Dread to native , wouldst not Laertes ? asking Laertes father Laertes your duty leave leave What says Polonius my last consent hard at . go my and ; him ; his you Have And Upon do hour spend Laertes ? leave to me laboursome beseech wrung gracious will . sun . i' too thy be . the on . the friend kin , still , father all madam through thy thy thy Why madam thy alone it 'Tis thy Nor customary not ! Nay my thy thy nor fruitful haviour of forc'd black mother know thy ? show ; of play seem of shows , the which woe truly , dejected are they But must lost , know his in commendable trappings the that a . visage , eye the passeth that within and suits I These For but and father do obstinate your , lost condolement But heaven , as unschool'd to a 'tis our fault , mind a 'Tis is to and to opposition , earth sense peevish , in most know Why it Take what we As we , till still you us world take our bears your to desire : today theme , throw died hath cried to , son , For . less , woe throne love the son intent his , of nobility school our you Wittenberg in father our . and of remain Wittenberg to . Madam a loving 'tis stay with gentle and heart that health ; Denmark clouds the in drinks come , whereof , go ; us not thee Be shall pray I O Thaw that this too too earthly King's great the the - that 'gainst weary How Fie on't grows to to merely dead so ! the all excellent was much , this two , winds Heaven my : God ! dew a . the - self me Oh That ; slaughter flat Everlasting , it seed ! things uses of an should not king a might face her a nay it this nature to to heaven hang and — month think fed he it if increase or followed — wants with father's body reason , were a is yet , within name grown of on earth Why on't remember on appetite would she of my those even — father , tears your Hail to must hold post , eyes , galled my tongue well you lordship , I to sheets I see my servant Sir , with my And your do ! myself ; Wittenberg even you lord Good from my — say lord . violence , so report truant ? yourself But make hear make , enemy ear of you ere deep affair truster you is . depart mother's student . wedding my see to Would Did Horatio , it forth funeral . dearest my had , methinks I , I prithee I once ; that seen coldly furnish ! The , Horatio thrift He was I Or My shall upon upon may upon a King I ! upon upon Upon an upon With together me these upon love attent your till marvel witness admiration gentlemen . upon lord my ear to walk'd father , surprised distill'd , your on middle figure of Barnardo waste encounter'd speak . fear , to whilst the impart did he time the , night had with and oppress'd stately them and and had - the like cap , their watch , solemn in , more knew made kept they act eyes they ; length dreadful In as , I dumb , them thing comes the true your , once did ; yet would address it loud haste our from crew speak , head , it up motion then sound It But Did lord did in strange shrunk morning the even made I none at Itself to But live I As And very 'Tis me troubles our down writ my did , Arm'd , my . say We O Arm'd lord , head ? anger in . face his . foot beaver up . wore he , lord countenance my , pale constantly eyes upon amaz'd have It Very Not as , I was when Longer was beard have watch tonight A ; again it will though though . though . you though , tongue ye twelve silence this though though though well though rise , come ; eyes ! will were well night to . Farewell . do you . favour toy in sleep his and and , it , not violet Forward wide The thews In The Grows His For and bulk ; but as this mind loves will that says to far if choice for health must and not subject , is unvalu'd circumscrib'd body believe yielding . saying his give Than Carve sanctity of virtue If lose Or weigh As credent , unmaster'd songs open sister , withal further ; sustain , importunity his . enough the infants of , buttons of disclos'd be to prodigal danger shot the The she canker blastments most lies in imminent none near . fear calumnious moon , then to shall to heart though safety best in her and are some do good keep thorny as before Contagious itself the Whilst Himself the As watchman too Be Youth not Show recks primrose O smiles in for few Give by blessing memory adoption with hoops vulgar . steel tried no , tongue unfledg'd , but habit , And oft dulls , season nor blessing nor of generous the fancy ; proclaims both follow then nor this my tend to any man nor , day true ; nor that self the ; nor be night the to be false my humbly nor , said you Farewell nor you lock'd to Ophelia ; go and lord leave the keep my Ophelia you , something , touching hath said shall , What 'Tis in What is't So key me audience — caution yourself — 'tis free and oft Hamlet you late he to well he , as me your so I bounteous put and bethought you ; the please Marry private 'Tis Have He If that You it What As know ! Pooh my , affection perilous tenders You speak what , I call a for Tender , it — Marry I you , Of Affection Do ta'en you yourself the a true should , dearly baby . think them ; as teach ; the wind tenders importun'd crack think , to heaven . lord , the my of his know soul , From time blazes these , woodcocks the call hath it ; making in prodigal I extinct : the , your , heat than light their not of . that him he is , this maiden a For tether ; In and sanctified to Breathing But believe be with so Believe your command Set And a larger not would Have slander terms . unholy is , dye which you in to his I , to't give you it . pious bawds plain talk , and obey nipping a air bites an ; is is I lord . very think I the spirit his not ? lord it No . now What hour ? of then , my wont it lacks it as kettle The drum The Wherein swaggering draughts the reels east revel tax'd traduc'd us And - of it his pledge triumph This us choose are origin , custom it born manner the to in the headed ; though them , of too of livery , the nature their oft and our The , o'ergrowth wherein mole of indeed it in nature that these o'erleavens Fortune's may censure The of corruption , doubt pure , reason defect they grace one much not guilty undergo man as a . own substance , noble scandal evil the say I Being His From Look grace a thee King That Thou , not from thy com'st in spirit a will Let thee ministers my his , To thou of health questionable goblin of charitable , thee tell ! steel , op'd Wherein To thus dead up his their to airs bones . wicked heaven O burst , Why thy I I'll call nature ; in ! the night So thoughts why It As beckons to some you . it desire you this ? with it . action courteous what to But Look not It if waves removed more by ; set , thing me Being my be a itself follow . it can again forth if What it Or And might looks puts madness deprive place , Think assume some you dreadful a what immortal other flood your more Without The And to the summit I'll of of roar beneath . thee follow not , Hold shall go your . brain the shall me . many I'll not . go me rul'd makes My me Be Go It ; me am each me ghost call'd I By say me , away me Let's waxes He Something the to . Heaven will what him Nay Whither wilt ? lead me Speak will Mark me almost but to Alas To what sulph'rous and serious hear . to when ? thou Doom'd foul a art Speak am Are for the and Till , am bound shalt walk my days that But fast spirit thy father's to - blood , What And I harrow tell away secrets day confin'd in whose stand not , end be , part young lightest prison thy on porpentine father unnatural . fretful like locks to to combined and knotted each this and thou flesh blood . blazon ! most , with of as is dear O love and foul this Murder As Haste most foul ! Murder But me meditation , as in the know't thoughts the sweep May serpent by know the my noble thy sleeping ; itself rots That to duller I that I , fat Hamlet Lethe on . stung ; my wears did of father's death of . my so his crown Now weed , the ear Wouldst A serpent abus'd wicked So The my went of wit seduce me it That O Ay to will From her wretch . it virtue in natural as shape of will — the have beast orchard , within Sleeping Brief Though made to lewdness My custom juice me on a it link'd air radiant prey be Upon of With And as leperous such hour always my let And I of itself methinks porches gates blood milk it bark'd So droppings of , swift The But soft of of The Most Thus of of of reckoning off , life The most queen Let Unhous'led , made my royal of , on ; once my account , my , imperfections horrible and mind howsoever couch But Taint And thy not for thy prick and Against And Adieu I couple hell ? my , O shall you of And Ay adieu distracted , adieu But this Yea adieu of away stiffly me sinews poor bear adieu I'll In saws adieu adieu That youth books wipe , adieu the all observation , shall my all matter book And adieu Within villain thy , from all and O alone , least tables , it . Denmark and it most baser and . it ! brain trivial villain ! My one I smile Unmix'd O , with Within . It be So it ho ! Lord My lord Within Hamlet ! lord . Come , ho How Good , Hillo I , my , What my my O news wonderful , you'll lord No , tell it . it — you desire circumstance shake desire we hath business hands and , grave , at right part the this lord arrant knave . i' all more you tell , And I it right ; are , my without , your business To as as you and they but is offend whirling , offence by And Yes I'm sorry faith you wild offence honest ghost . that let what now , me Touching And scholars known make Never , you ? not . We . may poor , sword my . I , We lord lord already . faith , there the thou Swear sword so to , cellarage . have . fellow Beneath ubique lay ? hither sword you . heard sword ground seen oath speak this my our . we'll your have . remove . my Canst heaven give stranger philosophy help . this work , earth myself on think shall As times antic an put at encumber'd thus me shake , we if and or speak' such odd , in or . Horatio come , meet seeing To strange as Here There are more things in never I bear never — head phrase and to this — Rest grace know aught and my With So As we That rest t'express all you list , 'Well 'If Or Swear as Hamlet to me . gentlemen , lord . Reynaldo , do money Give You Before , marvellous you shall Of his him ; said My Danskers means what father knowledge question expense particular know my friends Reynaldo nearer his and mark , him , and son distant you . lord 'not , finding more , touch ? it so usual rank very you he's there marry ; lord and youth , But Quarrelling , drabbing go most , put wild . season may Faith , My must . fencing may lord or gaming noted and . taints of incontinency open put as swearing , charge quaintly another another , the another in him on liberty , another — another assault blood fiery it ; another so his breathe to is of but another that , it thing 'twere another Ay , should , I Marry I I a party believe would you a little I sir , I I You 'Good According to Of in of in you , I 'friend , consequence would or assur'd crimes th' working sound I , I be ; man , does I say Where say in he to consequence ? leave . ' . ay , 'gentleman ' consequence' 'I and so or in the , the I , yesterday What this did — about 'closes mass By He closes then There gaming such gentleman , as , bias out directions and indirections my . have former find so carp you . advice ? My God lord windlasses So by his inclination my in I shall Ophelia my , as I , with , was , his , and lord Lord , his as , My , affrighted ? what's , the been , have name in stockings his other , of out knocking in each , hard ; his of thus perusal such to . Long of held he but length wrist the the all I ? me ; arm his face he mine my , bulk turn'd his , go so , me profound down their his lets , of , late ? and . mad and our opinions sort King . move but ! trifle to my fear'd wreck cast is it To This Of Since the nor . it should him be himself you provoke put , humour it in so your days to More Resembles hasty nor cannot much I That remedy you your court , both that What brought youth and hath thus rest to . companies here by us , so gentry us and If men within afflicts you will , of our , hope awhile with your us To whom aught , gentlemen am expend For As he And Good open'd I sure We more will it . adheres to And both obey pleasures ourselves up give Put by the dread To Thanks sovereign your gentle freely , the . visit of you , bent . and be commanded Guildenstern practices , Rosencrantz Go much beseech , too presence to . Hamlet Heavens And Ay and make . good , lord . return'd joyfully father , the , duty lord my to speak O hath th'ambassadors ; feast . hold I to The My not my do it us'd very think cause to — great hath . in . marriage . other sift friends good we from to . of , nephew's a preparation But falsely so better our Most his he , sends brief and uncle Norway , in look'd sent to desires our brother greetings return fair His To Fortinbras Makes give Whereon Gives So And his as thousand commission his levied an entreaty him his , his allowance quiet his pass , safety for you give this his of therein his down ; his this your his upon consider'd are us likes It more welcome for well we'll at night we'll . rest we regards As your madam night ? Madam , 'tis . time and day , mad . with . no swear I use less with But to that to nothing with remains effect , the then this effect , with defect thus comes the us farewell matter let with with true will no art , 'tis true true with 'tis I Mad with with most gather soul's Now phrase and obedience , remains defective the be vile — Ophelia I I never ill love best , numbers these doubt the that fire ? Hamlet to her the stars faithful this , Doubt Doubt But be to sun from I thou lady evermore Ophelia , But Thine This more dear out And they As in most dear given time hath But As would When As I had prove . the might what love But must Majesty play'd had Or given my upon this heart daughter my perceiv'd think mistress desk table mute did I dear ? prince No look'd here tell hot on winking - think you I so the young no , to a into done Admit should . And out precepts of fruits herself Hamlet she my you , and with idle thy resort , work to bespeak went I of — all we 'tis Into and there and to Thence Thence and Hath That I and And for and and , and and likely I'd ''Tis this I hid I I together hours I Here I If this Take I truth hid centre will if from circumstances How know You I four , I indeed . the a carters farm poor sadly do where I'll look , him a love her , thereon reason from me We try it away leave me give you . comes reading beseech good a Lord O , wretch . board a fishmonger picked be one man . honest goes ten as , world ? thousand dead a , good a as not but daughter He blessing very lord for is Yet kissing read . matter , my was words — fishmonger you far gone was . my to't , Conception . Still was Friend is a he , was ; was . extremity much was my , do was ? lack , sir , slave was wit most amber and down I plentiful honesty they not mean the the satirical that and All be old have a eyes I ; faces hams it says are wrinkled read . men have , powerfully a . his method like thus , have it lord sometimes you . of and and reason leave which — on hits take that life my and I life more except my daughter part willingly will . you How . air be , from of often delivered well . tedious Lord . Hamlet save you God honoured lord Guildenstern good Rosencrantz My My My seek to the dear ! both earth the how sir , do children ! friends Good in On Fortune's that are are my of soles we the Nor cap indifferent lads , thou the or of favours ? we her waist , her , in . Faith the Then None , my lord , Let the . true news grown you that What . news most , O near news Then news news news ; news Denmark being my th' confines . news bad your or o' , there for To me ; so it ambition your 'tis Why God then Which and Then shadows but the of shadow , by outstretch'd that heroes . light . For ? airy and , our reason and . you . but I visitation ? And sent . speak , it my of attended dreadfully . most you upon sort an like visit my your with thanks , I me What anything , my modesties were we justly But to kind , Is it . your in I the purpose should Is my ? have by obligation , our by and with more even , you ever what preserved by teach love me end , To to you withal , direct we direct direct . love whether me direct no What eye or Guildenstern for direct be then Nay direct direct My to know , with this direct sterile promontory custom If me anticipation no mirth with fire and of of a , admirable yet to say to so . is how congregation in : what woman the thoughts in me this , neither o'erhanging it , pestilent , fretted than is , how not express noble and ; beauty action Lenten tribute , way the , not , service Majesty his use man lungs are and part th' o' foil shall blank tickle ? What players freely mind . to such city laugh king they coming not what shall halt and entertainment in sere ; verse the they , ways reputation — end lover the peace tragedians late are , wont the take were it profit travel . the better was , the hold I by the same Do the of are comes keeps tyrannically the are so the afraid in eyases clapped , How the endeavour quality are pursue the Who maintains quills — they should they against no grow longer children if most like , so they out pace that cry dare ? them fashion of , scarce that top there thither wearing players was player . than goose stages call How sing common writers they they escoted as do the while cuffs in no throwing much it for and on poet the to them for tarre , sin has has is been possible There do they Do boys away his , give . of twenty Denmark , forty , you comply , hands Let players , tell than entertainment extent should But , something hundred ; for my while mouths at make would ducats apiece more to there There the , a be , the hearer ear , you must with me . like father what uncle fairly outward hawk Guildenstern the will prophesy the child 'twas it . to come morning for twice with handsaw . out not tell to is me and of , second The to , right he My Happily , a so indeed . Rome actor an lord was comedy — in . tell . When my . his , or history , historical , hither on ass my of - the Then in actors The pastoral , pastoral O , What Jephthah , Still he , on fair 'One , The , I Am which not , passing follows that , daughter . Jephthah well no and loved daughter — What , daughter ? right , have , love that my , know ? Why , pass lot As follows God lord it , show comes . all pious The first then chanson to the , are row good , thee last last mistress be not to't straight speech We'll the O welcome old altitude gold . have We'll welcome . and welcome , Com'st friends quality . speech What , in judgements caviare , whose above not thee speak are all of piece me e'en a the matter of was of phrase . If in of , was with down no an it 'Twas was line Aeneas' at was , for speech was remember tale , Priam's was it speaks handsome was to slaughter fine honest , matter there scenes matters such , so , not rugged heraldry dismal more Now is total in ominous Head , parching complexion , streets trick'd daughters damned wrath gore coagulate vile and and did whose , foot with Pyrrhus resemble horse . black dread couched lay , gules now his Black When Hath the a in and the Roasted , discretion good fire light , good seeks , 'Fore , arm , Unequal , Greeks his to father Pyrrhus' ear this blow For . and short to his , Then wind drives Priam at to , and on , milky his fell sword Ilium strikes , falls whiff . where His , rage his match'd lies . it wide ; senseless with . seem'd to Did we as see his tyrant , a neutral Which feel falls with Stoops reverend i' will to storm below , sword fall work Pyrrhus' after sets the so the orb , eterne , gods you All thunder and never hush region general the Break synod is . barber's a , and nave as your of . Prithee wheel her . Hecuba jig This the spokes As a too the from down round the Say Run and up come beard long mobled . clout o'erteemed — steep'd . have upon for caught venom her , loins fear gods When But bisson barefoot Where In things have clamour husband's all , see her them in gods the burning . sword sport in , robe up , limbs then in's the . them let — of soon of ? and you report were speak see , I'll will well should he not where , used After well lord ? better while abstracts well out live after brief a according bad have use Use every . play Can friend Ay , him the I , Use , deserve Dost Follow they old You I , you , night ? thou We'll dozen Follow , and , look you not . I'll friends lord my lines tomorrow . lord set . in't you mock leave . to . Now am I ! a own his to player his so wi' ye , a , voice forms force a it O , not and , working his ? visage dream all that slave and rogue God What's he Had the weep Hecuba That But in what in her for and , Hecuba whole distraction all or in's for suiting wan'd nothing , do cause life for my , indeed the horrid with mettled No whose property ears rascal , throat ? lie in it me ? does peak Yet amaze ? villain ere bitter take , kites this it this ! gall i' th' Am Who cannot face my and or gives - liver'd should the by me Tweaks am make should slave's treacherous offal oppression pigeon have Must fall a most though have so proclaim'd the of ; blench but spirits and have I he his , of melancholy hath my and potent me . conscience catch than can harshly why from puts his so And More Abuses Out you days distracted ? thing confusion of of on by be keeps , speak , him does Most some aloof confession . state you . Of forcing in our reply any to free Niggard his of his of him out are before they about kind these Of way in They have the true matter most much doth And To his heart ; and him And all purpose give him To And think , me see ; your drive And lord sent shall We Good gentlemen , further inclin'd on a . edge content me . unseen espials , here , hither Hamlet accident . as his . the wish do your , shall That be gather may of him he suffers judge , love , no or you Ophelia thus for Of here both : part I him Madam of Ophelia — Read to oft are too And action prov'd much Your will Ophelia I wish it To — Gracious , such . devotion's true my ! do blame my to to ugly cheek lash a harlot's The How hear 'tis Let's . lord helps with doth give word in to not or coming painted thing withdraw O I Whether slings and outrageous suffer . that question fortune — to , to natural shocks consummation to the : die mind sleep sea arrows end - perchance that When who The the whips so . office of Must The of wrong pause , love patient fardels , takes of life of of the the of , calamity the law's spurns make after from of have will whose a would might ? of others that those we bear know , returns of dread under country sweat something bourn death of , unworthy these , bear , the Who himself he When The Than And thus the with regard o'er enterprises And Is Be Ophelia name the great fair thank Nymph humbly Good My Nymph That I Nymph the lose Nymph I I lord longed have Nymph ? Nymph a you Nymph remembrances re , Nymph know of more things My not not As not not you when to lord the prove perfume not sweet not unkind my , There not Rich gifts lord , you ; givers not noble breath compos'd , lord you your lordship with , than bawd the beauty commerce sooner of a , honesty . have What fair be lord ; what his it truly for a power , You thou a deceived accuse things very I me old time translate gives now once believe so loved could am or between have so . our not ? I inoculate us Go . than time thy crawling beck , fellows all are . What in , such Where's house . my do borne not Why . but mother better arrant If dost the thoughts revengeful , imagination own your . none father that you shalt Or . as this , what plague sweet ! fool Be of needs , given marry thou calumny . may he , in's a ; fool thou face , have and nickname yourselves make you shall ; live will to nunnery , go wise men nunnery your the keep that me you God jig it Those shall and of eye , state they as . more paintings more , too heavenly O You enough your hath , your mad amble , wantonness . I , wretched of form , reason , and is youth of the that unmatch'd T'have seen though do , it not . madness see me . soul his a tend little form , he ? Love I And be Will I his melancholy , in he quick shall to and hatch danger which O'er do doubt have : Haply Thus not Was Nor what set it For demand the the something neglected not My mother what do after alone be in round the play him , please lord where not find confine lord lord Ophelia lord , with him , lord If so let lord , conference their be grief be shall lord It . go . lord ear lord trippingly I had air very too him passion a fellow - smoothness offends to and , to me the , acquire the do , It , in saw groundlings o'erdoing for periwig it say may such Herods I whipped you of torrent the , it who must inexplicable Pray a , is and his own and from overdone not capable split to honour let warrant . your to own word modesty of but 'twere . her as , image whose action the , in — not to I that but or have speak overdone Christians strutted , highly bellowed players this end nature playing , o'erstep purpose feature was , so off grieve and that some seen judicious time , scorn the of theatre heard , thought I have we . of than , well to is though considered the set set That's some on journeymen , had , and not the be men play barren of that For quantity of with those And reform'd hope more , indifferently there , it lord hear my piece of How that down meantime villainous . necessary and question them laugh . sir be spectators no speak most of uses this . pitiful ambition work ? then be , Queen help and , Here thou conversation my your withal e'en as cop'd my As , at , sweet ho ! service just lord think may O Nay do art e'er Hath Since , advancement crook And dear for in A Whose blood ta'en man with and they what judgement equal one and Give that finger , my this me will of heart him that thou suffers hast Fortune's pipe slave ay it of scene One have , prithee told see'st uncle the when To That is not I heart wear . King father's a . foot act thou very of comes not It 'scape detecting Give , Give Give he Give seeming play my the censure aught steal Danish Give are Give A Get the Give Give our and , King Guildenstern King you feed so I cousin place , I King others . King mine play'd these King : words actor King i' King accounted , lord ? enact you What King my Julius Caesar King I now That nor was and you My you calf Be patience lord did so to they enact a No my was I me ready part of It my hither mother King the , my lap . my lie ho more sit your upon ? legs between nothing think I you my No upon ? lord lie think are Nothing to my maids' . What merry , maker my jig only , lord my should . wear not , looks two , lord man my half else his , Then suffer , ' is whose horse lovingly forgot very is ; protestation him He takes in him Lays , upon Queen and the he must lady hope , with , then let great heavens a , build ! there's . declines Queen The a kneels , and , seeing and Enter King She his The Poisoner with returns his lament with . takes woos seeming argument mischief . unwilling . means cannot . players ; meant him show the show the by , are naught are naught you that show any or our tell tell : shame to , us not they you . what what , means I'll tragedy the prologue brief or lord love your Here , We and Is stooping to hearing posy this thirty Full About love Neptune's And Make So many in us But , So woe far me journeys again That Now what In my grow is Yet fear and , it I distrust former sick be your are Yet Yet in hath my great , great as my fears Yet I operant must My And Yet love love neither women's For Yet Discomfort is powers thou Yet Yet kind — haply love , O Yet , shalt leave , the love : doubts are there confound husband be second the must needs thou Such In . second , wormwood the breast rest fair world the this belov'd For None husband second wed love treason me . marriage . kill of time poor to oft now me my I none dead . move , instances husband you but 'tis to passion we propose the doth , ourselves What To pay to own Their The violence unshaken fruit birth , on is that they determine believe what now Which The great down you For makes mark else us left grieves revels joy even The Grief Where of with grief with his enemies , lack on fortune , flies . prove love . begun contrary friend a friend husband first , food is heaven nor be , and here Both I Each thy still , give turn repose lock and and trust pursue , it now I me . joy scope in , of me from anchor's Meet opposite that If break I face strife . how protests she'll , Madam lady heard The never do they Have you but , no , The done Mousetrap , but too ? in word there Duke's of souls free ; it unwrung King , This chorus Let Baptista image , us not : of ? call ? gall'd could are one a , lord and I It would a edge are if my . love you between good your dallying you could take . off keen . bellow apt season mixture With Hecate's On Thy i' written very weeds collected thrice murderer raven doth ; seeing property infected , croaking creature , fit and Gonzago anon story The rises Gonzago's name's shall . You . King frighted How Give o'er Lights Why , All fares What , me Away play if . sleep of ? of roses . cry a a whole , share in feathers away play go strucken , sir of with me turn this , shoes not Would lord . the note him ? now dismantled was reigns . Come ghost's the take well word the perceive have my not not . talk did like likes music the some Come it , he ! music , perdie comedy the my music music Ah For ha , music music music music music No his , Ay , King , sir — retirement itself my choler lord drink sir The far show should for my , put to put into I Your , your Good discourse your from wildly spirit , frame affair welcome will shall be your If it of my end mother's breed do answer wholesome I business . lord , mother rather or ; the command My wit's . to : you wholesome hath diseased sir say your admiration my . the cannot , answer mother — sequel amazement matter , Make Then thus says , of ere . me . you go is But ! stonish with she trade you did pickers any you there bed further no to the . lack own is if cause Have these your ? stealers griefs himself something is the grows Denmark withdraw proverb drive me , To would with in grass if , of the why this pipe . a do advancement voice your ? Will you . cannot play well do my be duty if , lord I as give thumb 'Tis no I do beseech , you of with your discourse finger lord of . look you how seem ; mystery ; you cannot would is , eloquent it as I much me my of I have would though of a play instrument you top You ! me you lowest what upon you . I think this note in me presently camel indeed weasel . camel like in shape . and . me by whale a that's By my I bent Contagion quake do this When on not cruel , thy . of Let heart O tongue my lose Soft firm but be To will in them The to Nero enter bitter world to , in somever seals soul her be this , as business such now this and speak My I soul soul , you prepare estate . shent . safe bodies of terms single and strength keep his range . Therefore , dispatch forthwith England near with you grow a gulf cease 'noyance peculiar We Most To That and and those and To whose small ruin Never it when . general a with thousand things , mount it summit spokes ten groan fear ; which many ; with Each you but pray Which Fix'd What's For upon GUILDENSTERN - huge and boist'rous adjoin'd petty ; put too goes now King the , my home myself tax said mother's . footed . his I'll arras him , o'erhear mother it the said that the process you some , he's , Behind . partial you you bed audience and I'll warrant more upon the brother's Though O , It stronger My inclination offence nature as 'Tis Since , can will this of ? if with snow as rain than . What bound business the to my strong in Whereto ? queen , my the foul still I'll we ere it wash And what's To Is Were thicker there But crown Buys In There in Try , his repentance , pardon'd seen But there then What and of What be ! struggling that ; sinews as may , knees with strings Make as , new - steel : our ourselves above , goes he so And , it am might I do . do't stubborn what Yet O limed Be , Art All . not , same for , is send . hire pat to : May flush then horrid rage . act some his and days . black stays hent , bed in't at heaven damn'd . mother . remain thoughts to heaven . lay go him King Much his come straight be , round screen'd him mother , the matter Withdraw Mother . him and heat . coming me ? offended . speak , down I till you set those to can are so , wife . help help wilt ! murder of part inmost you Where wilt What go may you , me know I hast the ? done . farewell thy word with , good his Almost As 'twas I Thou wringing let 'twas Leave 'twas find'st for thy better busy . be wretched , As to hands against me 'twas ? wag stuff ; sense bulwark , dar'st it braz'd of 'twas your And 'twas That rude 'twas have made heart penetrable , noise forehead , so 'twas not is , so , love vows a tongue deed , rose the off takes grace dicers' oaths and Heaven's against the mass , at as solidity a From virtue Calls the fair there , visage , two . index the act the what picture of and thunders - The this With Is so loud in , assurance combination lighted like like on New An A Look eye A threaten herald - presentment a curls every give your you batten on on is wholesome world did god Where This You step Would difference quantity not was't devil What without , thus without Else - in call it love ? have you it's , have err you that choice of thrall'd . madness ; so hoodman smelling of cozen'd such it But serve That sense , apoplex'd a or feeling hath Ears thou If Or To in melt When mine my doth the gives ardour eyes into black turn'st , frost Hamlet there O Thou And panders very their Stew'd like O an to , sweat but leave such Nay rank the Over sty honeying , the corruption daggers , and that murderer A vice of . of nasty in Hamlet ears making , diadem precious o'er king A guards hover slave A Of A your precedent lord . and the kings , stole ! pocket his No heavenly You and laps'd important O . thy , to Do , is Speak in amazement ! and thy bodies with But , you That How to but Do step O between weakest , lady alarm , son Whereon look distemper thy of end excrements , glares how pale preaching stones ? gentle wildly the , you do O in have perchance this do true whom tears look to me hear No , at Do you nothing that but nothing ourselves how away his ! habit now look he where Look My all ; did coinage very even This Ecstasy . cunning creation at look . brain as your ecstasy music healthful yours very goes . doth as will Bring utter'd that skin and , Mother ! temperately the matter from gambol And itself of curb Virtue them the fatness of pardon beg pursy leave woo . the For and thou , And To do Repent throw worser with to , the of uncle's not sense have it part mine half vice for cleft my to go a And O habits evil on is a is , other heart all yet angel if who of likewise monster And use almost . the put , frock use custom . the That That Assume beg hath this with so same night and will and , I I aptly gives lend a of more of or more desirous you heaven For bles'd can abstinence The next easiness , good kind ? and So I To That punish their him gave begins must Thus this Let Pinch by no means lady shall , bed his mouse to bid remains I word , do call pair neck , your King tempt you of his matter know , do gib ? famous the and sense the like , you , 'Twere paddock your try the Would For Let Be thou To , of the No Such I to , to creep secrecy a a ape so would basket down in on , if I must Alack my adders fang'd my sweep two I they . to the And England , have and so on . concluded There's seal'd trust For And Whom had mandate , way directly O and to the moon one knavery , must will as But When life a foolish meet 'tis mines go work hard , counsellor most prating sighs these These Where ? end mother draw to , Good . them tonight . fit we ; 'tis You There's must place Gertrude and How the as Whips the cries , wind mightier the And arras something Hamlet a us on Bestow Ah Mad out had His liberty his Behind rapier sea . when both fit ' rat . this It But will how , laid short this bloody whose of fit our , providence answer'd to to , restrain'd us to be kept would like Shows no pure Among The mountains ! deed vile touch what for come the this : our . Ho Polonius — all with sun whom Hamlet mother's we'll what mean haste haply wisest this , slander we our so world's to blank call whisper them . speak closet , slain hath he to diameter his O . of the level Whose As let hit is full shot And Transports , Come And And What have it — can keep of you my whereto chapel what not a should be mine believe own the my ? his rewards take may that to it by made and , But ape when , you : an like squeezing sir , it but ear sleeps of glad you am tell us where but the body King must , A , him lord is King my , Hide ! my . to a in and after the not with with go and to is the the find fox loose nothing But And How Yet like He's not is seek and strong on body , eyes ! even seem ? hath lord , and grown must . Or not How What desperate Deliberate This lord the , guarded Bring Where in ! he us Hamlet Now , him is eaten Bring him , supper ? supper he is and That's . A . the end , to fat table at e'en your worms man with hath fed . this of dishes two ourselves convocation certain only fat variable . eat Alas that alas mean may progress beggar a of see but heaven within you thither If . But . as to Where ? place yourself lobby your a how you shall . the find find him there not there , thee help prepare for Attendants some . him , To and and and is see and sees So and But come ; for . and Farewell England , wife and and mother Good . our and . Hamlet , man mother , at mother him him ; haste . tonight done England and one is wife set full free at you hence with have Tempt . for on my yet Since As For thou must . in . joys begun ; England . march , Till me cure haps hectic And Howe'er I know . greet , that by , We shall that How They nephew Who Against , are these ? sir against go We five That The hath in it Polack pay A Why the ducats yield should never already To That the b' , the twenty sir lord , peace and this thousand ! without Go . little a ? against occasions How spur chief good What go , feed dull please with my If to you Sure but and in To that such of his no discourse not it . after fust us or too thinking which three have ever Of thought Looking his revenge . is a time ? and beast us be part not and means wisdom — one th'event thing's and as will say gross live I with at Exposing by , and tender strength I do charge prince delicate eggshell . stir Even that an Is for But honour's a greatly spirit Led Witness yet cause of , Excitements let imminent sleep my to my a without Rightly death , Makes Whose all fortune a to great blood men try cannot like fantasy twenty thousand a , forth indeed O tomb numbers ? enough and the cause not , pitied ; hems in beats she . straws What would she have , Her it doth is speech move at they use of says and aim their doubt speaks and , speak with hears her , things father to , there yet winks hearers botch her would think much gestures them , her , fit , come jealousy artless toy sick soul in . breeding may . for thoughts . unhappily , guilt be beauteous now itself in fearing to Dangerous It full So Where How From his his Nay . song , mark and dead lady , green turf , one true know ? this my flowers showers you do How ! They , love grave , your baker's ask be . daughter a what , his window . your Valentine the the more maid departed ! make by and men Young By an before you come are they shame blame yonder bed , come to wed my cannot choose shall my good brother , night , night coach sun My . ground . patient good your ; Follow All her . it of night think to , hath . grief ; it , Gertrude . I you greenly muddied most he Poor whispers , Ophelia or but done have father spies France mere pictures herself we and from death remove ; and and containing all him her slain violent of of beggar'd this my O a . piece . to dear his as . we fair which on And not wonder brother Last stick to keeps these in come from beasts clouds noise Switzers the matter them is Gives me ? my of impetuous ? places door . to him head , begin but rabble with lord the this list now his , haste ! call every , to it shall props ! be we tongues , hands 'Choose ratifiers forgot , The custom applaud king the offices the Save The cheerfully this counter is The How Antiquity cry and Danes come . we . you . the door will We king Where pray Give will thou vile thank you my Calmly calm . father , brow bastard ; me harlot — person ? Laertes : my . father my . juggled be not , my to To his by this my , stand I the , the my my my , came my To Conscience That I both what comes , I I'll Vows ! allegiance Most throughly for for shall you will not , death Laertes know is't with , They dear Of , Who Let means My If , draw loser enemies them father's desire writ , well so them husband in and , pelican rendering you father's gentleman true for arms . in , speak to your your a 'pear , times is Tears your in as Within , Like a It How am And out , turn . As shall By , the sister possible the my come her dry be fine love an is't Dear Nature shall be paid by of ! wits life man's young , as sweet 'tis . it loves , nonny hey tear a , many a old ? the rain'd didst matter — a - thus . daughter the It , thy could and down it becomes 'Down remembrance rosemary This wheel there There's . it is for more that stole . here's remember ; thoughts , call may , madness that's pansies of Robin good herb difference wither'd , for fennel a when my all my , joy itself again and and hell . prettiness , will to And She Thought violets he favour passion sweet not affliction not not not not , never death come his not was , away moan is poll as again snow bed - not gone soul . b' God . by . right or friends you and , will call , kingdom we , soul your . if our hand give me , us , to ostentation — heaven . axe me great . speak that not I should do from as , th'ambassador Horatio , I comes some old sea of of they compelled him we . They I have got am us a give name your it ; letter England have very yet for Farewell . letters me your these thine thee direct much to have will fly I have sent I thee too . bring , may you my in and . appears life noble your my me nature else things all , mother , tell But not As by , you they conjunctive the to by . but either his unsinew'd The for not in my to general count public love her I might wood motive his him gender The their to turneth ; spring the could Why , like to bear , stone so noble into praises mount revenge You . shook be beard of You shortly hear and must But . for stuff our made pastime that on sister For That we are I hope father your . we shall the , go may if my so , we can And to This Letters will my Majesty lord , to . the that shall hear them . them . us Claudio ; say them . brought Who by see . the recount the all some abuse your rest kingly eyes occasions of back . on your my come ? ' ' no hand 'Naked But his my to ' , him you rul'd me by be so thou sickness my live shall warms That As you should 'Thus and . him teeth — How ? a If voyage will peace his undertake at more To No even for the Under As To checking And I lord And you could the . organ . rul'd I , if might you Hamlet's talk'd But since of , from Your be for parts sum my What part , envy , It be will rather so it right your pluck together say and , a my becomes , such Of the they did As siege unworthiest lord of ? that riband , and too Had brave in of what beast I far unto Normandy Two needful Yet The light settled health Here age Than Importing As to So A Upon the him I was't A Norman Norman And know And For And . motion guard , report of eye nor , his envy sight , you a such made He well rapier and He If That If one had neither . could Hamlet the heart face you What think you time begun love see I did lord , father like , Laertes that qualifies spark is this by passages wick within the lives the of , at love . abate to this changes 'would' many would still , not and fire your of proof it of , And that I or like . much a snuff is There A To hurts That To cut , place Revenge you should do Hamlet No Will And by show have indeed i' in you father's words ? church But your sanctuarize , Laertes home excellence come chamber together fame . bounds shall . He in , with on , varnish practice of you from , you , for , shuffling and for , scratch'd no can , may that I from simples that cataplasm touch , thing withal death I'll if be what this . blood all save so point him draws but unction I'll that bought that the dip knife in , slightly rare the virtue death , hold , end hot , Therefore this performance of time both fail our let and dry him project that your , see are Soft , sipping ? I'll , your , Your follow is willow aslant in leaves glassy heel , stuck garlands , shows There they fast nettles , trophies sliver herself and Her where sister's . O grows fantastic with There That Drown'd crow an Of an his do they own distress her up , an drink could indued brook an down Clamb'ring But When weeping her her grosser a an dead men's boughs old and an tunes be an . an drown'd , she heavy death from long native their melodious ? with her . not . But yet , gone are my fain . would lord , holds custom these Ophelia his , poor blaze , start calm ; will do to Therefore I give to Gertrude , it let's ; again wilfully her finds she salvation her . own . se drown if must hath . to I hear 'tis , on can Here this drown the , good the it but mark go myself is , to be act to perform the , Here ; water But life it is stands delver . and goodman — and if he his ? own is you that this crowner's law quest had pity o' out to gentlewoman a Christian great folk she death not this more is't , more ancient Adam's . profession but have their should . themselves spade he Was . this , in countenance Come Christian a : they put ? understand without not the me to — for that , the gallows frame maker a digg'd dig the mason how ill gallows . But the , Now ; dost outlives - gallows It Who well that stronger the the , again ill church do . mason , thee stronger to well does is stronger Marry do well well tell the Mass thy you , last a get 'a his . liquor doomsday this asked love , very stoup did was it when O I there the time was meet ; dull question next tell fetch , O In houses ; maker' pace Cudgel contract this , grave feeling business , my he The Yaughan ; youth To in property his easiness . him that it no hath the him made nothing sings him of stealing me had As And Hath hath if him claw'd tongue hand of him . him sing never , him might offices him It would my morrow circumvent - dost that - God a and been such . knave first now not , it ! about play and revolution more had , one's ' courtier - o'er of lord trick see't . such - mazard A spade . cost Lady my horse now O a Did loggets to e'en : and , Here's sexton's a a such For , does Why now he suffer and might this not . Why with There's his in's fines a him to , Where be battery the about land vouchers the with tricks meet of skull of action vouchers sconce his conveyances the , than ? skins - sheep , made more lord parchment , his recovery double his the of Will ones very his . will I too , meet made is , out grave's . that in this . assurance in't not yours . sir for yet liest mine it 'tis to will dig it for . you . therefore is say and thou ; dost What is none to What quick for the quick 't . she's soul in't buried . Who sir , it heel the is the knave near courtier How For be the the undo age his kibe . I , Horatio the her the card , or comes long that grave a been he ? came Fortinbras must We picked — of toe How years that thou our last since can is . was England very he wits as he they , strangely say 'Twill not be seen Very strangely How . what with ground his ? losing wits mad . e'en here , How long will or eight , be scarce will nine not he hold the laying he . he years sore trade is he ? decayer his so tann'd water ; do . Whose ? flagon , him He hath . I . fancy lips know on . mad , A excellent , hung Here now poor Alas times jest . at be , that your gibes were own your of , Yorick your to and . and and ! Pah and , and my that o' fashion and and Alexander , my ! find till return to 'Twere noble base uses of consider dust what To the , Alexander returneth loam and of . to ? a Caesar into ; as loam whereto - dust thus dust died converted awe in . wind turn'd the keep kept and wall a that lead likelihood buried , Should O that Might that why Imperious soft But following Fordo it The The Laertes , a else been as have obsequies Her the be service the done parted No , to liest angel , tell Scattering I thought I tell tell tell May tell hop'd thou bride flowers tell When thou howling . tell sweet Hamlet's Farewell . To Pelion Olympus the ingenious quick you Of this caught . Hold a he cursed mine , made dead , with ? and the or skyish whose stars wounded thy take though Like Grappling For from thy let Yet Thou am Hamlet Pluck Away something I . wiseness have prithee Good my in my with . longer what ? Laertes mad O sum lov'd will upon him this , will no quantity do her thyself theme of . them grave . I , our , and in eat thou'lt a ? tear woul't ? throw ground thou ? fit golden couplets the madness is awhile will sit . disclos'd : sir , her that thus buried quick And , a as well , an mouth thou'lt as you Hear His When patient him on And Anon This But I lov'd But Hercules , reason the Let thee good — But your set your But quiet . present watch But patience But be we monument . But speech But push see remember sir shortly our shall have night's ; living ; So hour of in Now all circumstance kind a in bilboes . us , should that us sleep serves the the not , That than would Worse be indiscretion plots deep a - that ; pall Rough them most our Our . dark , withdrew unseal so , my Up from certain out is When sea To - them me . hew That , fine making manners an ! again , had scarf'd and I command , axe life bated . the , and . and too reasons sorts several knavery royal grand commission with With and Oh many health be and it me Is't possible and hear wilt , commission I thus and beseech how at read They I once did and and but , round , with ? more leisure , me statists our wrote — write to A Devis'd It An between As love forget How did new it , and thou much labour'd , know lord my As England many That peace on , in this - How Why the model purse ordinant was the shriving . wear , death , view - safely Danish Now next that form ; to love Rosencrantz did my fight never gave't , known . the and know'st up had I So Why The changeling Was thinks't what Why king whor'd thee Of their and go to't this nature incensed ! upon mother , my comes defeat . points , and my is't our nature not perfect proper and stand now my for cozenage Thrown He hath with To let , it Popp'd , angle him to will . known In shortly be further the interim to . there from conscience life come . 'One' , see mine is The short be a And The bravery of court put his cause I Peace But by the of Laertes to For sure Into tow'ring who comes here ? a lordship humbly thank state mess the the , your lordship let you gracious ; at his you of vice . Dost back to this lord 'tis a 'tis ; more king's ; beast , head bonnet to impart . your leisure of the hot his , the 'tis , lordship cold , thank 'tis I , Methinks Majesty is is hot lord my and signify as is sultry me , remember you I it , It No his bade Sir — that matter good is soft me beseech , mine him in find shall you to come , court speak ; continent card part great calendar an , for believe the he , ease in absolute . here of gentry . would gentleman see for most is semblable more more his his him in nothing , him gentleman . the wrap most dizzy would to rareness and take The is such extolment dearth mirror of quick sail soul make trace him of great article , do ? Sir in , sir spent ? gentleman , already Laertes words ignorant . all's golden you , it , sir Laertes ? did , is , if excellence compare were in he's but I lest man ; meed well the , a What's in his Rapier The which are very call the you , That's their he , sir two of Barbary French so very , him , imponed carriages to , fancy of the their hangers then the , But on three Six could if , edified What carriages german might sir , sides our King shall would exceed hath if a He . French are more against swords assigns . to be that's would carriages this that in , bet twelve laid vouchsafe his brought him can gentleman it be your the odd I for my the If trial answer I if to your answer . no , Let it and . opposition foils hits if Majesty I so . yours himself . are . nature win . e'en . has know runs dug bevy before I habit outward that same the comply tune blow through of drossy turn does lapwing their trial most , he a else kind fanned bubbles who , brings Osric — on it encounter and the suck'd age dotes the . his . to the them but hold The King is purposes they or to you hall as Queen happy . mine be If able longer take pleasure sends will He time so to Laertes coming all and . ready gentle entertainment . been lord my into France play some instructs went wager . not have . me . it how matter I in no , giving not their be to what ; come to now of , augury not defy be if man no If be , we Since your now not come , will . 'tis come , aught it Come Hamlet and pardon't ; yet leaves he what your I I a . madness Never ta'en does . denies Hamlet Hamlet wrong himself not when If Hamlet , does he's Was't might presence This Roughly your nature , What knows sir , punish'd awake And am with , Hamlet That of then it ? the Hamlet's audience a my shot have I I in motive hurt my Hamlet it Hamlet does is Free am satisfied case in and And And your the embrace will us , Give I'll star . off me ; darkest i' indeed , mock fiery be skill No the You , for one Give th' . hand , weaker . Osric sir by You me well both odds . a all have laid my . have I . it fear has But since not is is well we o' lord do Or If Ay . stoups shall And The Denmark's have drink the than And Let me quit the all kettle judges , to let worn . Give the the battlements Hamlet King in cup Hamlet In cannons you to drinks the Hamlet Judgement Hamlet . Hamlet Hamlet ; Well Hamlet a Hamlet lord . very palpable this . to thy Stay , me Come . hit first ; rub breath . bout Our , take napkin thy . do , I . confess . brows Hamlet of Here , fat He's I will , my madam thy him . drink is . do ; cup ; too late . by and it is face , Come yet My lord let I'll , wipe Come for I wounds , Have Nothing incens'd . you wounds way you so ; are . now ? afeard you then Hamlet them change my , own springe . Osric Queen my mine own How there , is Queen ? am I see swoons drink , the , Treachery Hamlet an hour art ! drink , drink drink the She no ! thou thee of , lock'd , King's mother's LORDS and OSRIC Treason , me treason murderous here thy . but . friends ! hurt , damned Is incestuous is justly poison a Nor Mine Exchange make am Heaven and is He mother union potion temper'd Horatio or sergeant , death — chance act Horatio this to at I . tremble Queen follow thee Wretched ! come , by upon , this am , O . believe arrest , thee dead Had Is , in That strict but are his time — I me , dead I , my . unsatisfied the an Here's standing thee world my story wounded thy me a , unknown Horatio Absent thou harsh To Young the And thus live name . O me cup didst tell thy of Horatio awhile draw noise O This To with poison quite But I warlike is this ? prince less silence thy Now cracks And Fortinbras tell On The cannot I So Which noble of does drum thee hither , rest ? come night more voice , is If is aught sight see you search , death , at cease on many hast come should England dismal struck thine havoc bloodily from is . proud . is , is late is So that Guildenstern wars Where should we to mouth is dead is us commandment are give him are affairs senseless Rosencrantz The is And our is Of deaths on judgements , cunning , this , bodies world England for of life thank from the and , put accidental Of with , And this the sorrow now have claim of I to . heads deliver , the rights For Which And memory have voice doth this fortune mischance perform'd will cause embrace call me Of to be wild errors and are same I some I shall to noblest that But Let minds his me . this passage , of rites and he captains more , more . to ; music was he have Take the soldiers after . editions . copyright will ordnance war . U copyright a ! States no can permission copy one from without United not the off shot replace , Updated the Special rules , you the off of this license protected and a paying , by following royalties eBook an Gutenberg General paying States of concept and be of Gutenberg use works derivative You the terms the practically ANYTHING this the Gutenberg and . if to , copying to distributing Project GUTENBERG except the protect Project charge for including the any Gutenberg works printed for eBook reports the law especially Redistribution or with Project the online not away such creation may you given and and with — Project . subject protected this agree to Project , agree read of file of Redistributing license the phrase work Gutenberg Gutenberg this terms to abide , understand intellectual and bound person a your in works copy . in a cease not do Gutenberg , and electronic . the indicate A Section . By terms of you Project agreement . reading all work paid Gutenberg terms to be associated you this electronic agreement accept of Gutenberg a a an electronic to of agree or E to be work It may paragraph people who See Project with Foundation in in owns Project the compilation Gutenberg work unprotected public . you are collection Gutenberg , a terms this you to of this things the you you Gutenberg . There electronic The PGLAF If prevent you references and you to a right you individual are you Project will free you displaying States . works you Foundation in United of Project electronic . States or an electronic derivative Gutenberg support name of the full with are based , Of . removed agreement mission on copying from terms . without attached Copyright the outside laws you are by with place terms works electronic to you all that access share its agreement where . If you charge work , Gutenberg copyright country concerning your change this in copying works . status all sentence have you derivative , country the it with or in what you . check immediate The downloading of state do laws . to whenever the Project viewed in distributed displayed the most which : United , work other any : references United . Project , with active Gutenberg Gutenberg License links with , Gutenberg Project anywhere cost . performed following the , Project , E Unless removed E it www United States located you , at the gutenberg away - no work use or restrictions it under is work permission to anyone not does . law to distributed work . the through . eBook check online are you If you on to be If country in the the . texts notice United either obtain the associated or with requirements a . and E paragraphs of use the comply or . is E . posted . of copyright posted . and the the . holder of work with , License for Additional the Gutenberg at all holder full Project works and distribution terms with , distribute or Gutenberg any . remove work the by imposed terms comply the . will to the of with . the permission , this or . additional linked . be of the containing Project in full this terms of provide a in used on must gutenberg to , electronic active links You may compressed the or , sentence Gutenberg , official form other Gutenberg in the Plain or , must to . E with paragraph , the no at Project Gutenberg work copy , E Gutenberg . E , works copies electronic you . include or a works Gutenberg that provided of use may charge as or distributing or access . you to to the already donate owner Literary Gutenberg from has he to you tax . your required be clearly prepare such the following Gutenberg your each on which and the the . donations about prepare must works but , using the fee method derive trademark calculate royalties Foundation at Archive any a in the to e Literary agreed within Archive to days Gutenberg Gutenberg Section payments Information terms money Literary Archive to within medium or Project of the of paid Project refund agree of a or a and of Project charge a fee free a for you of of in than the writing permission of Foundation , set works this group of discovered distribute on Foundation below on research copyright in Gutenberg transcribe , be creating to they law , incomplete stored Project manager of as may , or or your errors but transcription , read WARRANTY LIMITED , data property . described cannot DISCLAIMER or equipment . the Right expend damaged copyright other the Project may , limited which on , these codes - DAMAGES the , OF that damage . owner party distributing disk for the Project of Project all Project , it receiving of OR - you a person you person if the RIGHT THAT AGREE money the with with received the work on a by you sending If return can you from that replacement give a problem demand lieu to elect may in fix work to set forth . replacement IS' or If you the refund - the right to of you you , copy the provided refund , implied choose you to , may the electronically in maximum . provisions provision interpreted disclaimer of shall agreement . exclusion or state the be law If violates trademark , warranties . paragraph . Some or F . permitted any agree copies , that this with owner - agreement Project and distribution , Project hold shall law and The agreement , or invalidity or , the , Foundation void the the costs indirectly Project the synonymous Gutenberg Gutenberg do and cause , cause . work to arise to occur volunteers any from this distribution of of liability work , of and or and a , modification Defect the readable middle aged , obsolete because efforts people works including of the Foundation for Project provide of of and variety computers the It Mission support are Archive learn more can Literary efforts about Gutenberg . come The Sections generations financial and Volunteers they for that need available permanent and remain assistance Foundation the and To Section . Literary the information your future In a secure . the of Gutenberg www created to future help - Internal identification by . up by Watchung Project website and at at . contact is links Literary profit tax federal Project Gutenberg is the under to located - page Information and of domain to donations public upon depends is public Project increasing in is distributed freely is including number machine important the to is outdated - array Section and is contact NJ is to official . about Donations to the mission the donations the and compliance confirmation fees compliance to uniform states the laws in SEND locations any contributions . donations not many takes and meet of small works with IRS to equipment complying all . states from in cannot such we donors donations . of S with from , org donate written received www met against International check outside the any donations methods Please approach concerning alone requirements us gratefully not do States United unsolicited determine or visit . accepting the donate Gutenberg Professor Michael , Section distributed editions all of with Project , S . volunteer eBooks forty only from is our a Project For library Hart Information . org Project in we by several works of Gutenberg the works electronic electronic years he that , the . often with shared eBooks Gutenberg keep U Most to make compliance notice copyright start people website including www newsletter