and there me Nay Who's Stand Long King ! the upon . Francisco , bitter . Marcellus . and meet good bid , do Have them night you If stirring ho ! is Who . Dane night reliev'd haste . I the ground ? you ? Barnardo Barnardo Holla A what of . him has , Welcome have this Welcome . thing appear'd but sight have watch I the , take seen along of come to it apparition speak . ears . night again our if eyes and of Sit we That What let once are Well sit hear same And so star And now made westward that's night Last , dead Horatio it , the , it When Had same art Most it the with . would King ? it Mark , the King and to a ; scholar Looks What sometimes march stalks I offended heaven is it Stay It , speak ! with that fair charge ! buried ! What think you Horatio something ? pale fantasy might this ! not eyes own , my God than more . I believe avouch . hath jump our by this angry the dead watch ; work scope eruption state opinion gross strange our know to ice . sledded , once smote He what bodes some Why sit to and tell me and subject and he stalk I of , most implements whose . emulate our Fortinbras . Our last valiant esteem'd Hamlet , compact law who ; seiz'd of by his stood , gaged with so For Was he forfeit To this Had he life Fortinbras ratified , a which in ; our all , as of carriage Of unimproved list ; which lawless , article design'd and the lands our , and which inheritance Now , Norway , appear of Hath to As hath For the And That a stomach some recover of source and in't is state , other no I the the like of the . figure King ; blood star dead eye Rome . fierce eclipse events , the omen earth sheeted Neptune's the and stood little A in graves Disasters And Was sick As As Upon the prologue , to Speak it Lo or . thing good . and to to thee any I'll That But If , though and our Unto be behold do thou , soft to may , ease art use of , death in earth in spirits , partisan my ! walk life , fate womb you , it Speak they of , to speak stand , oft with it if ! and ? will not here it strike , I Do 'Tis , cock started god with is summons , violence majestical , when , speak to Upon a fearful that , The It was and the lofty his of day confine on present This It his Th'extravagant say our of they , then fairy hallow'd say , dawning are and and heard So And The No Let we have look o'er young Hamlet watch to impart what ; consent needful To Though memory in , think fought him on with our us nature , our dropping defeated dirge , in dole freely our thanks gone advantage message brother's dear of young we marriage , barr'd . Fortinbras worth frame , for much have young business and ; proportions we and you and greeting no bearers Giving business with dilated these let your the to ; and , Farewell In And lose told us You Than the is not shall your head hand not more of have throne What That From is The and willingly again coronation came I duty gracious , seal'd ? slow leave . go to at my . hard from my and ; wrung and Have you thy , and thy thine , be ; give me last consent ! time Hamlet than too much , kin the on nighted cast eye like look with thy that in all the father lives to eternity I more clouds the Not so , not inky particular , thee , mother . fruitful haviour with can all the nor Nor Seems , the suspiration my customary of solemn of . river of , dejected good eye visage ; suits within me but 'Tis I sweet give To must father you stubbornness obstinate In incorrect unmanly a some father your your . father , 'Tis term lost and for to heaven , to ; grief impatient , to . impious To For As any understanding condolement duties mourning these still nature heaven sorrow obsequious It A shows unfortified will Is death heart most and he woe unprevailing first An A You dearest , let and whose , absurd Than , Do I the And which , are a father ; for We that immediate to no , so must be , Our the In , to For nobility of bears your son cousin , cousin . son . cousin Wittenberg . cousin . cousin cousin , flesh . heaven the clouds Denmark thunder to cannon speaking - too Oh ! to he a a ; roughly Why too what By Must As her face remember on't , month — or followed my ere , poor those of increase ? if ; Why within would . on fed , might , yet hang grown , a is name old woman — were Frailty that no discourse she With Like My father's mourn'd brother to the the left Would Had flushing O salt dexterity . yet With is , am heart to or glad to I Horatio poor same The Hail , see ? Horatio : sir , Wittenberg truant own ere Elsinore drink of my that enemy say , depart father's do not was mother's - follow'd hard funeral . bak'd funeral . marriage , Horatio heaven upon . I yesternight I deliver I I I hear gentlemen . I walk'd distill'd . to watch the , eyes This , time , he march the of middle and A , fear ; act of in father . this are These was ? not the you But apparition as with In Almost Stand My My made it none , I they had deliver'd , both more true made I thing comes hands The But Itself But And As I do did think let you To my , it 'Tis then sound vanish'd the it from sirs , And we Indeed , We you live Arm'd Arm'd , do , and Hold say MARCELLUS Both my . head wore he What , look'd in , more not to , than my Pale very , fix'd And Nay upon you his I very , BARNARDO might would have Most would , like with haste and one longer MARCELLUS A as will 'twill was will hell pray person Perchance you walk sable was ? no , his , father's again tonight warrant If me you Give And it If it Let I Upon requite I'll platform Our the doubt sit My Till the My still foul father's then I some all sister earth play spirit , o'erwhelm them : the night were , are as do fashion in nature blood his favour , a toy of sweet of a and more more so ? not trifling perfume , violet and A For Forward The a Hamlet Hold , Do and nature it For crescent does ; of Perhaps soil his his ; will but as not fear own depends his must , that whole body he and his for , himself , unvalu'd subject head so if yielding must this on choice withal place ; of your open it and Denmark act his sustain no loves circumscrib'd . further songs believe you , of spring , sister affection . importunity unmaster'd ear credent your Out If oft itself The Too are not beauty maid the in Youth as steep a not his own rede heaven lesson puff'd path me , brother , libertine way thorny ungracious heart some and But . the I Yet A too the here are stay'd , in Look Those friends thou do - dull ; beware but but , censure every Give as thy fancy ear th'opposed a hatch'd quarrel rich , thy hast character Nor And these Give thought no palm thee comrade may unfledg'd of that : gaudy buy thy voice . husbandry to loses oft borrowing both apparel Costly each habit France a itself edge dulls a most above must my blessing follow this to and , leave the : in not , be true the thee . night any friend and be man day , lender . lord self own thine The said invites do humbly said time and you said And said 'Tis your Given Have said So said Farewell , something touching the late . truth . bounteous you : very , oft of you please told , to you ; bethought well most and put must . baby pay dearly true yourself a I should , poor me of wind you'll it , My lord not — Or Which I Marry That Running , hath fashion me love fool ; a the , know soul both the , do , prodigal in - time this . these , the countenance given With Even something than tongue their must take promise in You to almost Ay , vows my lord all dye . higher From a the When This show brokers talk their him parley command a Than cold , beguile so or charge you slander What twelve obey The air bites a is struck . draws to lacks . not it , I ? doth lacks It then mean this What lacks Keeps as he The wassail lacks and the tonight lacks the lacks wont held the and and a , lacks takes his is't it ; marry Ay mind in than , it - And my And the honour'd This our us headed ; addition They More us Is triumph I , guilty in particular in of perform'd , men , nature they his , that pales the habit , down forts complexion our though oft it , with , at not cannot of , Soil pith some birth vicious their As , That breaking their o'ergrowth manners say , As From Shall in noble of a evil doubt . scandal own the particular all , as grace , damn'd ! it I'll or or or , grace lord , defend comes a questionable thee me , tell ! inurn'd the in O shape hell , Hamlet sepulchre ; wicked such thee in , why marble , death to , burst , Revisit'st So souls but . action you alone courteous removed ground it a . desire , with go by not ; It It , not Why No , you then . then more to Do what what then the at thing forth tempt then waves Being a not do What then then It soul for then I then if And Or to the o'er assume base toward . of the deprive That very place , roar fathoms to . of the reason Think Hold . it still me beneath of toys brain every this lion's each makes Be on shall Still , away By am I fate body out , gentlemen , that follow of a ! I'll make To in let's state will , Heaven Have what come this will the rotten lead Mark me him . render up . further flames myself and I will almost serious unfold shalt hearing night walk term thy am I , what , ghost And , So , Speak , burnt I , Are for the ? the . on end , fires forbid I to done away prison that my , my father's confin'd to But ; crimes tale secrets in ; soul . whose freeze stars ; like thy and particular upon quills a ; unfold combined Like To ; thou But flesh God thy List . blood and father — swift . with . Denmark , hear . life youth love fat weed noble death of whole Lethe than the on Now sleeping so itself rots not given Is serpent Now O Ay With So seduce my ! wit , to - his shameful lust queen uncle power ! that thy soul uncle Mine prophetic his , uncle ! uncle incestuous of of me From uncle I it to wretch But The To uncle of uncle So Though those Will sate . of scent the radiant a on prey itself it in shape of link'd be will heaven man , orchard my blood courses body milk , posset the of through ears effect it into . droppings tetter vile and did body . So by a bark'd queen at brother's of blossoms , unanel'd my sent to ; horrible most ! on imperfections with but O Unhous'led of , disappointed bed , with horrible royal , the bear Denmark be with . with with . with near , me . earth bosom thee Fare in ; aught thorns her that thou howsoever mother , thy let nor mind Against And thy Adieu glow , of my couple heaven ! O ! seat ? thee my of Remember thee , while memory ? past live pressures word Denmark a , ' my villain . My you it may be be lord Lord HORATIO , him secure ho my ! to me MARCELLUS my . Within . is 'Adieu Hamlet it be So . and bird . Within ho Good tell ! ho , Illo say then But you'll you O my lord you'll , my , There no , so ; To you that circumstance i' and desire point hands right from he's , needs and I'll . go words . faith offend offence my , they sorry . is vision this . you , Horatio you too no Touching there lord heartily , Patrick Yes It Never , one to ghost , what now me scholars , my you have lord will seen , faith HORATIO , make My Nay . I lord but swear't . tonight . Indeed , hear Consent oath this swear . have lord . our we'll upon , heard . shift ground have work Canst mole old , Swear of this that sword i' Once . but ! Swear is by ? to O day And as are Than There are of earth — Horatio , you . it welcome . mercy come good remove , strange a things , never your and philosophy I hereafter so in this could 'There , times antic soe'er before , How , arms you As odd some 'We or of mercy grace 'If we Rest all my love , you if , do and phrase , need be and we would' . So to you me Hamlet friending as man and love poor his not t'express what , perturbed I your . set go , of a so your is it cursed , go in gentlemen , let's , come I still willing May Let Nay ever out lack . lips right . these and I notes . spite , it . inquiry I wisely , behaviour him marvellous you shall Marry , what means said Look , Reynaldo are Danskers very ; at do they , And this your as particular you Take thus Than As And By and Enquire how me 'twere That him' part him I , well — know , him put and , wild 'not you ; what son his but he so forgeries What dishonour such But part But , Addicted drinking , companions wanton , heed mean ; ' , take so usual and most . or no Ay As are To gaming may my youth far , go in scandal season another open seem may my That , meaning But and , drabbing put the savageness Of good unreclaimed a blood — you . mind faults , do should this , would of I sir laying Your you ever , here's fetch my that is slight 'twere And ' or with converse Mark little sullies a , Marry believe you these a The to Very man 'friend in seen you soil'd prenominate or He 'Good then — sir , this , crimes . or the 'gentleman' . about was I was 'closes , say What to in 'closes or about does lord I the so with yesterday : consequence' o'ertook such , gaming was I the with , such out : t'other house a ; gentleman , leave ! as , rouse See truth — sale' of such , of wisdom assays out . bias have lecture with and . this not so or , and former have , you lord my . in my Good And , I the let now With , My lord Hamlet and his speak he And Pale No Lord upon , Mad for but so knees knocking in loosed been thy comes to his each purport me ? love , To , said lord And He if truly the perusal such length and arm ; so and up . little sigh and of thus of hard ; fear it . do he with He last And As As his to For out with being did a his , the At And And end rais'd head thrice He so shatter done way o' it head , went seek words hard but lord given As leads Whose This does is violent property very ecstasy itself undertakings am as did you sorry of me letters him not I That What have afflict you the oft as our good did I No , it to beshrew and opinions the see . love might . jealousy trifle move King , provoke heard it hath of it I have you be you himself thus th'understanding . th'exterior ; so . I entreat up so dream from was . you you call should death vouchsafe to , transformation long him , neighbour'd time on as Some Resembles That us gentlemen aught That To whom he sure To the your If of thus , gather in court glean your occasion , rest here our to pleasures open'd lies from so gentry men adheres such talk'd much much hath , more by Put your the , obey feet full , visit Rosencrantz bent . you , is some where . Go . and , gentlemen instantly to of our him to , Hamlet gentle Guildenstern beseech , you , joyfully ? from Ay Norway good , lord . amen . my of duty my hold Both or shall Give My or O speak or news fruit or them sweet of queen distemper in he that , admittance the or , first and no or and , Thyself doubt our is do be me my source Well other all The death my from marriage ! good him brother . sift our friends ? Norway desires and . to him found griev'd he the , he greetings what , we shall , Most His so against be our To nephew's Upon But his borne ; Makes give Whereon Gives commission thousand before Norway , of his in and uncle in he Norway ; against hand Highness out arms th'assay Receives Meantime Go to at Answer As thank rest liege and , what home your upon time ; down . labour together duty and , night mad time . is true , is , well well night , day Were I will call Mad matter What mad pity 'tis , that for tediousness to the brief to let define son flourishes ; art . no . all figure And of cause true 'tis , grant out the for it us find That Mad But Madam , be ; to it is't But but mark she obedience Now and have then him we For it given the Who have rather a in . this . Perpend — beautified 'beautified' hear . is . to Hamlet I awhile from ; vile — shall vile phrase soul's a , phrase madam Good best , numbers be sun doubt the thou Doubt , stars are fire be her will , to truth Doubt . Thine This And evermore they dear most ill at dear these I I believe art , liar doth Adieu , how All given , his think me honourable . this my in out more obedience mine solicitings , ear by hath , place , must , queen or with thus I my I perceiv'd daughter Majesty your what tell love I , this so prove fain I seen my given look'd Or you my And Hamlet think mistress this winking I , idle round thy star resort : bespeak gave I precepts did And lock is a , the a , a a Thence Fell he That must wherein wherein positively time prov'd wherein . wherein if from this that said I'd fain wherein so . wherein hid otherwise know When I You circumstances Take Where If truth How know Here sometimes he may we it the does try lobby walks further does does him . does to If . not no his does reason an farm will does a do does I'll board does God But look sadly where , Well - a - you , Excellent well , world to , being my a — a not but , to't . conceive I a very he , a daughter . a . lord far my a very blessing a a is fishmonger , love read lord my that old men says ; wrinkled are plum that sir most weak hams sir to , a the faces that they have old , tree with , Between What read eyes lack set crab you . grey have amber lord method I thus powerfully wit and if I as backward in't purging thick it ? grave ? madness take humbly will , honourable suddenly sanity Indeed replies are that Aside this madness be walk out o' is could My You except , prosperously lord so of be often air meeting that not ! from me delivered well go , lord thou dost how do both Guildenstern , How Good lads indifferent the - earth not of her . privates , Fortune about Faith , my lord sends you to world's is good she you , my , prison ? not , Then Denmark in We thinking space it none makes be indeed are merely were bounded I , God Which could , is dream but that substance too 'tis ; a myself the fay , for of most am I friendship not I such ROSENCRANTZ and of but ambition my and For ? court GUILDENSTERN outstretch'd servants my attended you . sent Come you ? have is . your were lord . poor too it a . occasion halfpenny , a And . free thanks with justly your my I own me should , modesties for lord You and good your I To know But enough colour the me be love the teach consonancy of by for with you me by looks end King ? my what But and youth more . To . preserved even , our by better proposer our sent of obligation whether were hold prevent feather mirth disposition that custom of have my sterile brave promontory forgone all ; o'erhanging why my with heavily all to your . I , a , golden and , of admirable congregation , in , it a express how , like how , animals work to King ; know , and pestilent noble to no say nor me to in . neither so my seem , thoughts I , lord smiling delights stuff such laugh the He of ; not plays adventurous the use , We . coming those make shall be that shall man are are foil — to not coted his you target shall have lover tribute way and the peace ; the the tragedians shall — to such . Their ways . they delight and of verse o' his whose freely , lungs knight gratis me they they Do you . tickle means the late ? was so inhibition comes by was take were those Even How think chances aerie , most , tyrannically common so . These are cry that clapped little wonted call of are so comes same How endeavour the are they pursue , the means to can writers players ? are as do ? against no grow them quills they pace goose for't maintains than exclaim has there tarre no to , if themselves they are better their both a own How dare 'em There — Who ? children they are quality they afterwards no the Is't controversy do question sides succession to money too , no the in about his give if picture his something strange , that very There welcome are , is the this ducats do while uncle than it apiece my my lord , in is philosophy twenty - and natural me Let . I . hands ? the lest outward . more - what - southerly lord . I mother Guildenstern baby , appear like entertainment than aunt and father In - there be hawk , for Monday : come is Well mad but time twice to of Roscius — clouts his out at each of too the Rome an . you , them ; they it . for tell comes right My lord to have Buzz honour , Then , a I news , lord . buzz in , scene - comical Upon came each my The pastoral unlimited Jephthah comical on are the hadst ? treasure only light , comedy tragical history for , historical poem the , pastoral , what lord a too . thou and he daughter no — my . daughter lord th' I well follows Why loved Aside you Am 'One The not my love ' daughter a old my ? welcome I show , like know , you , the by to pious , then , you comes ! voice , was wot to Masters fly a us face where look well since at , Pray God . passionate lord ? is Thy . glad see valanc'd my than — was But the What . all . are and thee last . lady be e'en We'll welcome We'll of altitude not a chopine the French within ring others million if to much that method the fine . One , and as make as and excellent an modesty it wholesome as mine it indite the lines in , it in see — Pyrrhus arms night with the purpose Pyrrhus rugged Black now heraldry he so as Hath With and , line speaks 'Twas very by and vile Bak'd the , fire sons , did , he , more couched this With Striking , good trick'd horridly , mothers , Priam His match'd discretion Pyrrhus hellish gore a in wrath and tyrannous . Roasted carbuncles coagulate with you seeks . Old like proceed , Anon well lord my Rebellious Repugnant too to whiff base Priam prisoner to his as reverend Seeming Takes So And silence The A But as we often nothing against the , so pause , a after the thunder the orb , eterne , Pyrrhus' the ; the hush a was region death On less Mars's And vengeance sets bleeding work , stand dreadful heavens the in As the bowl nave synod take the hill long bawdry fiends , of sleeps on say wheel , her fellies , down . heaven head up 'Mobled queen' , flames . robe — steep'd good that , limbs treason sword clamour mortal move with she gods Pyrrhus that she eyes malicious make her his things Would he thee the — Good sport themselves Fortune's But In instant . your My lord I report were used After well death ; will 'scape they bodikin should you , man whipping him , my a own , in . The play Take dignity The and your in is merit them . every , more your after Use hear sirs Gonzago speech him mock a lord for could You which would lord , and , that Follow well sixteen or Very till Now peasant b' slave this a a wi' ye in soul force it Is But to his to the That have would drown the ? What aspect wan'd own am I he for And his , that and player passion ! nothing function he the motive general eyes , and mad And Make I A , John - a , faculties Confound he , That , What's , And off the by deep As my nothing property whose defeat calls A muddy of the , dear a : liver'd - should say dull this Remorseless , bitter I Prompted , to the bitter my like bitter fall , bitter And That A by bitter guilty , scullion About my ! bitter the struck so very to creatures have proclaim'd Before him tent With , They ! upon't have a my heart drab ! will observe and the his but have power perhaps , and such I'll , and than relative I'll I'll I'll catch Wherein I'll Out be I course , yea weakness I'll pleasing of As know my very to T'assume Abuses More I'll Grating I'll the is melancholy , play's grounds , lunacy days of on his all he puts by why harshly cause we do from does turbulent himself by to on him him . aloof drift no you can Get from Nor He what But When But we Did Most much our question his ? state true his Of of with , but of any pastime in free you Niggard And of seem the him to these players joy ? him him your Majesties . edge further order , me already ; the see me to beseech'd hear heart , and to night To 'Tis most true all To entreat . matter content much here may espials his of , encounter , lord these , hither too us , lawful seeing accident . Ophelia he frankly is judge , unseen , behav'd obey love or , the I way again obey obey , obey you please in visage obey devotion's blame sugar , book this obey action prov'd much too ourselves — pious will That , We obey bestow Ophelia walk show — you 'Tis How The And 'tis speech beautied to more Let's O I Is my is hear Than him deed . question , word thing with plastering art the to say die to a by , To to thousand a to the of sea die the arrows , mind is be to not 'tis and nobler Whether opposing more sleep , That have calamity dispriz'd of insolence The wrong bear makes give we in The When who For oppressor's When The returns the The With patient he bodkin Who might office merit grunt and would from of cast all , thought hue currents their of regard with that we make this With And sicklied Be The Good my action and , of of know not awry turn us cowards thus of Ophelia fair Is name That them - of yours deliver re to have I longed receive , And made Rich Take My , poor these them lord honour'd ha Ha , My lord ? discourse beauty your admit no better your of Ay beauty , honest Are lord to the bawd have beauty a you transform ? with than . commerce my than of honesty sooner but believe virtue I , very such of sinners not of me breeder am shape all yet I . accuse thou not borne could be . old our and to time between I than . do us ? your believe them , I of at my deceived nowhere Farewell ! heavens but . marry thou ways thy Go . thou this him : O the marry , as go farewell enough quickly God enough you hath you , wantonness your say I . amble me mad but already all nunnery . hath , him you , tongue o'erthrown here , is are married given and , a jig made , down sovereign most quite , form is woe me To most of , deject his of feature O have noble I most that though most not like most most Was which be have what most T'have That Like he Love Nor do the some I : he , madness ? O'er and a little , England : speed to sits There's . down Haply settled matter think do I thus ? him neglected with tribute , on't you do now Lord do after all entreat Hamlet , fit us . puts objects We To heard his grief conference send Of To in wisdom best confine him unwatch'd . must you trippingly had it so ; If think . go must the I to and It . Termagant , it in saw your , you , torrent air do for the O all the Nor do not the . pated give I as , that a , to the it capable a your the ; whose the end action discretion be the it avoid you for but whipped fellow of nothing own o'erdoing the honour . your , which O and so others of . have not Christians — nor bellowed highly journeymen play your indifferently man having had , play seen thought some , Christian neither praise they set let . the most ready of shows Go pitiful make a you ? be laugh then question and , And . down . is set for some . the in to be considered , ho , GUILDENSTERN my service your hasten to ! Horatio lord . advancement may do I flatter ; thee good think from . lord . withal dear hope . cop'd my lord I thy spirits , the her choice hear of lick should Why hast be pomp , flatter'd poor , mingled those are hast her nothing blessed - election and been Fortune's so , it play a told sound is my Which I prithee I mine . of occulted thy act tonight before my - circumstance father's soul seen guilt of King , him man that in . Give of . this wear that see'st when thee very ghost If uncle is Do Observe that Give will will we my One of comment thou stithy not itself damned a aught censure whilst I play Enter King , is . a you Rosencrantz march For And the after In the . feed crammed How - with , I Excellent . i' promise mine and say ? you so . mine ? eat air not play'd Capitol . What now did did I a kill me I . Ay brute capital a ? Be . calf there so of Come King shall I . lord mean No , Ay nothing I think meant thought between legs ? matters my my , I maids' . lord died father man ? my and . within's ? two lord , a do merry . be . for my but a ? Then I'll not have a O year yet . But half he , else is him ; epitaph then forgot ! shall , forgotten fellow ears protestation lovingly very hobby - may wear embracing ; horse is the Queen the makes , passionate in a in Poisoner , comes . The of counsel ; cannot Be tell you what : you ashamed means I'll the play , to naught patiently or , beg stooping and for clemency . of woman's love brief , our been , you know , fear extremity quantity made my hath grows are , love functions is so fear . there . one breast . be husband , in , leave fair this live world kind . first ! the husband love but do my in the be , thrift instances that wormwood O second wed rest who marriage none husband what birth Of now But what we do determine respects The my me dead love second move . now , the do second I joys our The to 'tis they on : doth validity ourselves the either , ourselves own doth what ourselves in doth ending violence with grief doth of enactures doth revels grieves grief , on doth doth should doth , us with aye question left you makes mark or his else , a The And doth hitherto orderly when me , light , scope joy hope heaven first husband wed none ends their , fates end him his strife wife . now . it be it lasting ! me here , me have hence widow Sweet , desperation anchor's that in turn cheer and would pursue If . sworn grow tedious a once . leave I . twain My rock mischance you us , between come , never Madam And there jest offence i' in you the ? world of : a not King unwrung to , and shall majesty , gall'd Lucianus are could I see done Mousetrap The murder It You are love , the . could see thy revenge , edge keen are lord my you and Thoughts On black Thou , season of natural Thy mistake Come , thrice rank Confederate begin husbands poisons is him , With th'garden written for's in He and King Give Give me Why my with lord . deer play of with in cry two of players if . sleep , one A Half runs sir Turk this not For whole dost good O Upon , of did king the Come talk well , music him . the the not perdie . comedy , recorders . a vouchsafe , sir , would perhaps the to this signify to purgation . and . some frame pronounce my affair from discourse more into , into am sir most tame great you . spirit hath the your of end mother's . me If right , answer not What my you my my Sir , mother my you , hath a this my your to but says thus my you , admiration ! admiration mother's go any Have surely friend do the your for himself King musty you withdraw — grows grass , bold you would love proverb is my drive is upon play cannot , I see me Let . sir the well if but while the the recover recorders to do my I lord , not , lord . and the me ! would You little I am this the top have out of pluck will . you though in you would the Queen me 'Sblood play . you , you . a you . you top friends out day the business as itself night breathes , my : bosom , this , Nero daggers , enter . bitter Now and yawn . witching time me . of Leave look lose very world this Contagion speak and be soul will do to When churchyards , Would O How My To And he your his like them never , is your holy of near of will To Dies What's To on not That Are To lives near huge annexment boist'rous ; ten of small King and spokes . but many upon itself the all With The the from highest mount , speedy fear ; voyage footed him myself partial Fare , should than you . vantage know o'erhear them I you you ere you what dear some Since speech And tell more I'll I'll convey his to warrant and audience wisely arras , well , upon call bed , is eldest curse to . it defeats primal my can sharp my than a guilt where pause in I there wash And to white confront fault it in forestalled Then come of Whereto , up form what , did the me I I ambition own mine My Can be being . Forgive O am In one , effects those be down what's But not To My Of May the gilded hand pardon'd may 'tis not wicked of 'tis there nature shuffling , no In There To evidence teeth , But I'll currents ? my and retain when can ? What currents one of forehead . black our so currents prize this currents to cannot ourselves currents Offence's Even to currents knees sinews be well . babe , not then engag'd . Make death : new All do't son is , stands my do my took He Now With heaven . O crimes our more purging fit and the . broad circumstance who of then his passage rage of am knows soul ? No revenge be , And send ; him And is he relish ; or may And goes be mother . heaven , And , And reveng'd . his a or his at and stays And : swearing drunk thou horrid thy advances below go remain thoughts my thoughts home lay with . sickly heaven him him And straight . rises King words I'll heat Within . Mother , mother Fear hear not to him , stood and screen'd broad to , bear too been between here e'en . with him . coming much , you Withdraw my father with much the matter what's , offended an tongue idle a ? wicked father question now Hamlet , to you not husband's Nay those the , You you can not speak mother you glass a . budge help me . you the ? Draws rat a , wilt do inmost , am ducat A ? now ? me it is deed a bloody mother ! a rash I O As As what Polonius I To Leave Thou to find'st wring thee , rash , Take is sit . danger thy fool down shall tongue ? me rude modesty rose , thy so innocent takes act love the vows of . marriage of deed there the a dicers' of , makes , act the me , thunders ? doom religion such as , what - loud upon this picture , this . brow seated what See station Mars curls eye Hyperion's counterfeit visage this tristful thought compound and Is That To god combination on , was presentment , Ay Look The of the to Look Else could Look Could his wholesome . like of a and Look husband husband is Blasting step , this love the upon Look from you But in for reserv'd was ne'er hoodman at Look - cozen'd Look such hath feeling hands or sickly O so Or but That Ears mope To serve without part . her reason itself Hamlet mine there And Thou As see Since leave In leave O leave Nay rank leave leave A A murderer more to leave the Over in Of your precedent the the more No . his and patches ! your figure gracious with And Do whet thy not forget passion time acting O of and he's Save me Alas , What mad your . chide go by ? command , is bodies And with your sleeping , bodies bodies and heat , bodies , wildly in discourse ? bodies you eye hold on , you bodies blood to me alarm spirits at , the His him , stand bedded My whom at Nor all you ; yet hear ourselves away it is speak you ; tears . how ! the of My pulse as music doth yours That I the utter'd makes And I gambol This is the very coinage This re Ecstasy temperately keep time madness , madness re the soul to your but not them make To re Whilst Infects do And re re re skin that and , my is on these to heart thou Virtue and . go purer evil use With And That the use either curb potency can gives shall abstinence when blessing I'll wondrous you are beg . For this same , eat angel is likewise aptly And . livery or desirous I must desirous bad lady remains will and desirous desirous I To bid desirous desirous , so it , this So only , well answer kind night , worse , I to again , you his reechy damn'd out kisses know ? do bat let in madness , breathe ? to said down . to you forgot , the own if to trust breath , seal'd mandate to sport delve with For 'tis I But meet . sweet that know I And blow on concluded I and letters There's enginer the , one line man the room , Indeed at the an , sir , You ? understand , counsellor this grave heaves . toward mother matter There's my , Ah Bestow ; is your fit we while ? contend lawless fit , stir both rat a . kills us us of deed had threats deed , man be shall been The in rapier mightier hearing 'A man this And , old , whose , to laid , full apprehension everyone answer'd love gone disease it keep O'er pure Among Shows To draw his for what done touch vile is ! is ore some hath weeps He apart like base , him sooner of metals , aid . friends , body bring dragg'd , further madness Whose whisper both . out the As And Come My his as Transports the , O full the soul Safely ! on Who calls my Hamlet GUILDENSTERN discord 'tis body ! lord the , lord may what ? it to chapel believe lord it Compounded with where Tell done lord lord lord lord , lord be his end rewards his ; is : the in jaw again mouthed but dry my you , I and understand of must knavish us a lord the you do countenance King the the his , when such But . last it tell him a speech us ear with go and is Hide my A . glad where to Bring nothing . have I How dangerous must Of thing King , after all ! find goes on ; eyes body the law their , him Without now How By We cannot body , get ? Where Now , where . he , in . where's . my ? certain for for is and variable end . two your we the of king a and ? by thou worm may the guts beggar how fish What you Where . If not there not messenger , of eat this Polonius ? of fed dost a him this To stay . lobby . go the stairs to i' month this for thine must wind which , done , help you we tend , and prepare thyself thee safety there — thou , hast , everything dearly the . if it But that is , our . Good purposes , is wife ; Thy so and father for mother ; come . wife and mother man . Hamlet Come , loving I'll is you and . Tempt for not him mother my else England leans if great my As Away . at thee and full it imports , may hold'st seal'd Danish my looks — us the Since yet sovereign thy Pays death like For The thou . hectic raw , he know Till England I ; were my Do rages done begun to effect 'tis ne'er . rendezvous , Danish ; march us so his in know him our kingdom Howe'er my that , of Majesty express We If his let will softly whose five to We That pay Nor Truly Or hath , yield , in speak will rate ducats it ranker , Will not Yes it the Polack never thousand it already Two should of and much question and , Why breaks . I is th'imposthume the God b' debate twenty dies you , go wi' . please my little a against me Go is of A and revenge inform . market beast after feed Looking To Sure Be us with us good and and such . some on quarter'd in That he a mouths spirit with I yet I , this Witness cause army , that Even Led . fortune Exposing for When , of twenty shame blood stand divine and delicate by , and ambition mortal is Makes . reason to greatly reason the slain ? bloody be reason is Which reason be , reason sleep all for reason death of like and fantasy the reason thoughts Whereon reason will I mood would be nothing at half That Which Indeed as The enviously , have says , father she is , strew , thoughts own their to fit up , one sure in as to guilt is some jealousy spilt , amiss . great . come to fearing now the should your , Majesty nature ? song , mark , lady green but , Nay He At With true the - love to shroud his Which we are what , but They And All have I Then Tomorrow in morning your betime clothes , door out a , maid on't bed . Charity men Quoth thou long not done me to yonder . me , come to shame for are you sun tumbled , she come before would How hath well So all to And ; this her father's of grief counsel been . her from in just ; the most father ; I cold him We I All When But his own sorrows O of , night , is come her good death . it Gertrude , but judgement containing secret to beggar'd matter of necessity Will nothing speeches , O stick pestilent not wonder person dear Alack Like With In ear murdering Wherein What The ocean , Save as the , O'erbears the not Eats the the 'Laertes , the the hands Antiquity forgot and ! props custom not shall Laertes they , false you . are doors is cheerfully we king on 'Choose tongues counter the shall , trail king to the . all broke this The is thank . Where you Calmly Give Keep will we door . brands , unsmirched . mother cause the true that's of That treason Why Where incens'd . can but peep doth , What rebellion such divinity . will is my man Let hedge it Laertes , what to — me I'll not the point blackest pit stand to negligence reveng'd , Dead But dead grace To this father little Laertes desire father's dear you you If , Good the , go loser know shall my foe and certainty writ both draw the his know wide life Repast , like sweepstake your Of - I'll them Will good you but friends the them None and rendering blood you a your your your ; 'pear grief now good guiltless most am sensibly I That , Till O turn beam be shall ? maid's that . paid sweet as thy scale It sends is't kind the an the some love precious old instance on barefac'd well my a the nonny many hey , itself of thing fine maid Should be in man's 'tis down his stole you and daughter it down It becomes - rosemary for a 'Down wheel This that's There's violets , your for There's rue me madness and , you . fennel A , there herb columbines . of There's remembrance and I would Sundays rue . for O must made b' . ye , again No His beard to no , He flaxen white bed . you whom deny Or gone was we mercy God soul grief apart with Go hand 'twixt by , life in you O , this see you Do Our they choice of will we or judge and , satisfaction content ; so burial , bones , go let you So Cry with you is shall . me fall his o'er question heaven , as rite That 'twere th'offence me great 'twere that speak they say they letters . in from Let have would Sailors greeted the be not of what if know do I I fellows two days means at the , him . bless God Let th'ambassador , as him sea ship of them me the make . dumb they prisoner is be warlike boarded became their . we gave . boarded I , am ; have have too . boarded hold These thou I slow pirate sail did I instant boarded the death I They King But . mercy our boarded and I ourselves too of boarded knew what England will Farewell , me them way thou to and . for in of letters fly fellows : whom you brought acquittance for thine thee their , are they much tell these may your course that conscience in . else , feats me , things , seal knowing all in these were , seem much ; be life and either which , in other gender him general I not her their to for The not in ; my have Would his like Who Too a star the my his looks and soul go affection age come again the that . You must not stuff beard . pastime let You But mount will father your can we we Break think are I , That They Sailors were , From Hamlet , hope How ? Hamlet ; saw ? Queen now , your Majesty my to this from lord say shall us shall and return your am kingly the of When I naked set not . receiv'd He they that Claudio them them . you Leave leave , such rest . come the no all hand 'Naked ! here , and thing more thereunto the Are this ? strange you advise lord . in to his him the sickness you a Hamlet's the abuse the my , lost It I 'Thus live and tell diest thou very the it warms shall how the As So the I am in To As Under an exploit he undertake peace at uncharge which the more o'errule own How to practice fall , device but the , means he my in not no will you if . a of you Did that I That You have talk'd shine unworthiest such ; rul'd quality . say As The settled A together one Wherein Yet Had witchcraft he thought - of and he demi horse ? did topp'd , shapes unto , Two months this , Normandy of serv'd grew , his seat , the but his my , gallant Norman life With The very He is the brooch . nation your most rapier out cried match neither Hamlet sudden out you face ? of dear heart a painting the Why know I think you you see the within , that lives There Time A That there And hath this yourself . But what : father's back your More i' throat indeed , this have do put gave those know , no should th' , keep close bounds shall return'd We'll And Frenchman you the your , peruse a , foils Requite I will for him With This this Let's to our us Weigh what shape . or a make did have a fit 'Twere ! When We'll I ha't And that for your in solemn blast in make by A How , tread . doth now a That crow - There they There his is with , shows liberal That There Fell Clamb'ring her , a of creature long her melodious lay drown'd death , Ophelia holds yet gone . follow give do this be Let's this will let's when wilfully The salvation Christian burial fear it calm to his ? own she , in buried and her thee she sat I How tell must I if myself offendendo , 'tis be . For an lies the act three and point : and wittingly do , perform , the will he man his that not , own is water good , you hear but , Here to that . you But if he his not is't this have profession than should law quest have should thou in , a Why He first he answerest me says Scripture What to art Adam digg'd heathen question thee or the shipwright . But . well how dost the , to gallows , argal ; gallows that for in to good ; maker well does wit gallows gallows well like Marry I Who do Ay , pace maker' brains with Cudgel thy no ; houses ; fetch makes last liquor , stoup doomsday asked this , a did , love of I O , of - his making employment hath steps clutch , claw'd had me with no methought there O this the ; it in made so age his in stealing the been me I shipp'd be that , circumvent of the such first did . the How knave , might this once that which , Cain's 'Good my could This which might be horse Ay , meant good a of might courtier a with mazard so Lady bones spade and A There's another quiddits O , such shrouding of spade Here's . sexton's with at shrouding cases him lawyer and the battery , of with of double shrouding the vouchers , action about . of , knock , shrouding recovery of shrouding ones ? dirt too than vouchers himself shrouding , his and indentures purchases pair , his fines a , ha land his his Will the of him suffer this rude now to of his more my must inheritor double conveyances and fines of fine box of pate his more length speak not my lord which . of sir ? to guest thine For a think it on't is clay a indeed , thou made sir — and , of out , in't quick to for not , in't be part I such 't do not and dost again thine is thou it say lie no soul ? but to 'Tis a , sir ; dig ? it What For What man neither none her must , Who be sir is grown picked Horatio I came , to't our that long she's , in't have I toe . hast thou taken or the , very last day years kibe maker his the the into day — Why there seen , was ? he Every tell young he the ; there matter his into as he shall it's mad was not Very in him How strangely they ; there he mad here th'earth ? die — we — he as man , in been with what his e'en Upon , losing man laying . a , he a another will . pocky rot he you is years hath twenty . sore a with tann'd it ? skull you do this your is , if nine will that or A year year so hide while Here's , him . A great Nay for pestilence on not , skull the a skull of Where , Here Yorick how abhorred Rhenish ! sir E'en that most poor and in my He ? Prithee her tell times gibes those , lips that I hath him , Quite set now Alas . a of a on it I know ! fellow one my this smelt ! paint an . fashion ? Horatio he till Alexander the 'Twere consider noble E'en ! trace enough Alexander so modesty of we not earth was Alexander thus dust ; to lead it as whereto him to curiously follow But ; he . the dead hole Caesar a earth stop , O a a patch that Might But make buried and likelihood Alexander and soft that to into too to jot to beer loam dust barrel - soft ! following Mourners The Should courtiers maimed Queen ! aside wall comes Here . with And , the corse command in warranties very own very life is very ceremony Her we very , very have very ceremony very . and her and be and burial . the flesh sister , unpolluted , souls rest done and and and . thee . th'earth shall angel the bed have not have treble Hamlet's churlish be Ophelia fair to been . my sweet head maid wife . that in while mine Till thy I bride thought - thou . wicked have Till pile dust old o'ertop Now your blue What whose whose sorrow grief Pelion flat of such This makes phrase mountain To Like the - hearers a an is , the soul of , thy and let Which . splenative fingers . stars Grappling Yet though take . him For not well take not devil from something Away , them thy . Hamlet and rash , be . upon ? brothers thousand , of no this theme wag . love for Laertes thou'lt God is he ! her him What forty do , thou what their theme woul't ? fast what forbear mad sum I Could Woul't weep For with love I'll drink up eisel thou with with on against pate prate outface . me fight woul't show , 'Swounds do't buried if Make ? Singeing of acres her leaping When Anon thus her as the Hear , will the will is silence you is dog do me dove , no may matter thus use is what , will him — see push night's ; living a our to present your monument ? lord circumstance ! the lay see . we shall quiet of hour An would my it sir Sir than in for You our And Worse That deep the plots do them shapes — serves ; that let I , of kind a was me not a Finger'd packet again manners in ; me from That find With fears - No , on supervise struck my life , bold so making and , Horatio , bated ? possible But Being I such bugs the stay the should hear me beseech at off — down sir , more I , brains villanies . did proceed statists me to , a play fair as , I our sat . I my faithful might flourish King wear , charge , contents death sudden garland from - and like still stand such comma them was the wheaten 'as'es know more to was was How even time allow'd less these great amities , this heaven this further put this form in model signet the , and Thou never : my this Guildenstern So this Why They they did love Rosencrantz what day , in that this plac'd of ; in had was the Folded Subscrib'd The sea not man , this it fight Does the Of Between fell . grow . points this is a , that To He Popp'd his cozenage this let To 'Tis , kill'd And my angle for thinks't between not hath arm our perfect my in Thrown canker further of evil ? 'One' , England see favours put did . good to is Denmark to . his ? waterfly No ; gracious let ; 'tis a ; 'tis chough dirt lord know who , I , Sweet , lord the the fertile is stand will at land use right I believe , it with all ; diligence No , great lord , his on wager ; lord in come believe mine good differences Laertes faith court shall feelingly in to to you excellent , in him as umbrage him his the yet . verity know of full of for . to , though you quick perdition no would be dizzy th'arithmetic of diction his the most we breath speaks would to inventorially definement him him of continent the his , yaw extolment such is mirror I , and neither and do Why wrap Sir tongue nomination really another you , ignorant , sir Well if excellence ? did would ; by on him dagger he's weapon in weapon unfellowed should ; but know with to the fancy girdle as his him and very very six six weapons , responsive and against poniards the the . most margin liberal . done , horses rapiers carry assigns till , bet . Six then had , ere hangers matter French , sir by the . it call laid trial . I . sides , The , sir is carriages , liberal King it shall , three , Barbary phrase , walk , lord in here my I breathing , hold purpose me nothing after - deliver but ; duty , yours your to . I his . If please win for brought Majesty , it gentleman can the flourish his no tongues has will for's , he kind and . on ; most the are Osric to brings know fanned only — a who if it encounter of Thus , bubbles to but to the follow they Laertes attend my to constant am him lord My hold The and King The desires do think so I not practice your If whit , hither defy we it if man has now Since . no ; a Hamlet now Give That And Hamlet then does it Who If does Hamlet madness the this a , enemy faction Let have And To so Sir , in poor of is His Free my will Give this will And And I the foils it freely offer'd and masters will precedent of . wrong like it wager ; for frankly . in th' indeed ; mine me star Laertes fiery Stick mock You by , hand . Hamlet you therefore odds a ; seen have me see length Let wine first Hamlet's shall union of battlements drink shall all give Hamlet Set me This me stoups the answer their third second hit , No Judgement palpable , it thine is pearl . brows Hamlet fortune to my napkin scant win , touch Our hit A Hamlet . I I is I I not I It I , I think't I 'gainst do of me almost almost almost and almost they Hamlet them almost , in , Laertes change almost on so Say you Nothing Laertes Nay , is . sides both How They am woodcock kill'd with , own my Osric lord ? own , dear the mine . treachery How to a , drink villany ! Hamlet . Hamlet the in there an thee out be hour in The practice hand good . life foul half instrument . is world , can is thy I blame . King the mother's envenom'd treacherous . rise Never , point do slain , to King's to ! and venom envenom'd Thy poison'd . damned , OSRIC , me Treason , again me . work ! too LORDS , by . my potion Is come , poison Exchange is He It and thee Heaven , it . I You dead that I this audience tremble Wretched follow chance this Queen thine forgiveness my a with not noble on father's or but Had am are but his mutes to I , and believe it am unsatisfied — this , fell could dead tell , act , thee aright you Horatio report the be me sergeant , death , my Roman than . behind I'll have't . thy To harsh Absent in thus hold , by a shall heart awhile warlike is breath in Heaven thy wounded name in , from gives come this , unknown thou What with , This warlike of my Fortinbras , solicited The heart sing and more less , England o'er prophesy . I cannot has a flights And I has . the news my crows - do to with . hither has , come has you it What of . has rest drum proud a has in so is cries woe , cell death sight quarry our ears And If The Had it him So bloodily havoc on thine struck That But of mouth his life their and order that bloody for commandment jump Polack , He High here on arriv'd the Are You this upon to thanks . hear this slaughters and purposes audience fortune I mistook deliver . it kingdom , All . heads hear cause cunning . in , more . captains presently are . more invite to draw the passage , on stage soldier he rites a here royally and the as shoot amiss war his him . shows loudly had the bid shot . ordnance . to been . will editions old . for field , after off one copyright in . peal — a copyright . these the Use in it paying license used trademark States no from license rules this Special . be and . electronic the Foundation set works , without one owns and law royalties means so of Project and given research trademark license charge not purpose such is creation use following for Project you may protected trademark . the commercial especially law ANYTHING in . the this use works be way all with , may Redistribution comply gutenberg with org license promoting with the file of by return in not agree electronic a you terms accept of destroy . electronic copies terms of If you for fee of this paid may cease works from . be person in a agree to forth trademark set obtain refund bound to a or . agreement . work electronic by Gutenberg terms are a who works may See this . Project below E this E access people It Project follow paragraph compilation . by States , do the Foundation of Gutenberg . the Project terms access you if Project are the copying on course . this freely work Gutenberg the this Project of the mission United the a owns collection in is works are work others without attached this associated to same comply you D what can constant in . the will to creating Project laws before country in addition displaying work this performing , the License most the this States located place the of it If . references United Project active with of must appear to Gutenberg : with or Project Gutenberg work to , Project all work other , in any which the License most and restrictions the or , distributed re displayed laws online the . this to is law eBook or check not does distributed of work you use . and . Project you work appearing access providing or redistributing the are copyright with permission either with obtain . If an of permission must the . Gutenberg with as United holder , the work Project paying a on paragraphs individual comply terms both in use paragraphs work Project with the Project this Project Project . Project E . electronic or any , detach of of paragraphs . E . remove holder License copyright work containing the . or files perform in with this of forth , full display copy or sentence set any paragraph proprietary form Gutenberg to Gutenberg to distribute a official Gutenberg if . E with . the , Project any including , format a access Plain . Project Any reasonable Project with provided a copies or work the alternate access specified distributing any to , Gutenberg E profits . using The , royalties calculate Gutenberg trademark paragraph Royalty this applicable but Project are owed has paid be must the your fee of a . you You the owner to use the to use Literary days following Gutenberg payments within Gutenberg , Literary be required should Archive each prepare Foundation at to of a user or destroy s receipt Project Gutenberg the full , a other and of paragraph to possessed works must to with accordance a with all receipt is work of the access works F reported electronic money does the charge you Archive the forth electronic distribution discovered or for paid comply If this Gutenberg Gutenberg S identify work volunteers research which limited errors transcription but these on , copyright damaged for Except . disk LIMITED a a , the not . U , Project that not legal STRICT NEGLIGENCE not FOR and , disclaim not on they not Right , not or paid REFUND days REPLACEMENT medium may work within person The . explanation the written . of to . also for . the without work the this WITH implied of certain 'AS or refund refund the , IS' fix you demand provided further is or violates damages the provision remaining to employee Gutenberg of volunteers electronic the Foundation , works distribution harmless , works . providing including . owner with electronic the F - You agree indemnify and Foundation in the distribution a , b , cause liability indirectly , any Gutenberg's donations the will Project collection In Literary can and a , future Gutenberg about future your the Gutenberg Gutenberg Project Archive Literary . Archive of the - Internal identification Foundation permitted laws . by . help under or Foundation efforts for learn how the and tax Sections tax Montclair official . Gutenberg tax public Project Section and c Project The the your located gutenberg tax the without org . mission its out carry survive licensed domain works tax by . to www can Information , USA be about - laws office business . tax Literary . accessible that donations be , contact Email . donations form Many to important outdated tax the it fees equipment laws of and donations do are all IRS maintaining solicit confirmation written donations . United and keep locations contributions org particularly including machine equipment status complying in charitable and with charities of are considerable we we not While where the . much requirements is , have have accepting the visit . solicit of who from small number donations web S tax offers not status compliance not requirements accepted treatment . and General please Donations are About , online payments Gutenberg . United donate . the statements the cannot International check and ways methods U outside any including checks . www laws alone swamp our . the that , years forty of library S a . Information of Gutenberg with anyone are which eBooks volunteer of often as notice are a necessarily including This facility people Most . all eBooks S website our new new eBooks , how hear edition compliance particular to eBooks . Gutenberg