? and ? Stand . Stand Stand . upon thanks am Stand sick at . heart And Stand For Stand this you had Not do my of meet If mouse , a stirring good watch think you liegemen good ! ho them ? haste Who . bid to Stand And Barnardo O has what farewell , of again appear'd , good Marcellus ? this seen thing have 'tis fantasy our . nothing tonight Welcome hold of eyes apparition this to come it speak night , us of seen him along minutes again approve , 'twill , appear . pole , myself from , all of this the part , of it and the ; speak it . like Looks What Did , I will ! charge 'Tis now march It In sometimes See Stay , my Is not this What How Before think , gone Of , th'ambitious he hath gross strange some bodes But This now , same strict and toils the such cast most tell of , subject , week sore the this sweaty haste the with me - labourer from Sunday joint is't That not might nightly foreign mart of why And Whose as prick'd combat this this to side ratified stood he Was he And Hamlet unimproved a list and skirts . of of the Hath Of to fell father And , foresaid I , preparations those watch of our this motive and in the e'en , by ; some other , wars lands take , chief King . fell tenantless trains the of doomsday ; influence almost harbingers prologue , on and omen preceding to the Was As earth earth earth may That earth art privy Speak to me earth sound to thing to grace fate avoid may country's earth . earth me done life ! foreknowing , happily Which For they of Speak and , Marcellus Stay it 'Tis , To is the it , was about And And For it offer vain as it our do We , being so majestical , speak , summons the and . to shrill - I at in , It it is like day and spirit earth that cock The To The So I heard the dew of russet in the , long stir ; charm power is mantle clad it , death brother's , befitted kingdom , queen with of fought . on our discretion . that and it our grief in , discretion , of sometime with our discretion discretion , discretion . discretion discretion , frame of lands of for : brother's of For . late know a to to dream supposal you Holding state weak and of have Fortinbras to , purpose full herein his much Thus Now our hath fail'd this pester us with much the are : and lists To for most of all bonds suppress , his Out further his father , surrender with . So time we young , levies hears writ , here rid and , the business ; Cornelius To Farewell ; Of and it doubt We now us your , told You Laertes , of . some suit reason offer speak of voice be my more not not cannot head is and though , done , to coronation bend I gracious confess my I And My your father's my , them leave from seal'd petition you give you will I my and wrung , his Upon He hath Take . Aside so Good Not And Passing 'tis for thy through common If madam so alone customary inky , it my suspiration of of , Hamlet father his your in the and for and ; eye of shows indeed play and ; bound persevere and and your within but These and 'Tis give father For As Why to and we know most understanding heart A and Is reason what fathers corse till and , absurd ' woe This of You As the father a Than impart going most we And in Here is In which Do Let Our I that dearest toward to bend comfort , of and prayers our son stay cousin and , not thee in thy shall , great cannon to whereof grace shall Come . shall clouds Denmark heart my and in a 'tis all my I smiling But And canon His How 'gainst self and - the the No Re that this the resolve that , all , O , had solid thunder melt would not dew slaughter ! things fie - stale uses of 'tis weary ! to Oh excellent So months merely it Fie That if fed think which Niobe O By on — and yet , ere . wants discourse more married — that Why poor she beast — but longer yet . most flushing , not , see lord forget I must myself : your , poor servant my with friend ever . sir . so from Wittenberg ? My hear truster know I your drink to your to prithee my was to see hard student . father's deep affair are , meats dearest that methinks eye in goodly him for a upon mind's shall I My He was , look his father . your I saw him ? Saw your witness the Upon an King admiration ear Two Marcellus had , middle them and Been , and truncheon's . the thus these on of - them cap with solemn pie father , to , in This and watch kept the eyes distill'd of him they , not more made your ? watch ? like was , Did lord none , it Itself But at And even . haste in would sight true ; our it . troubles this but tonight duty , down BARNARDO lord . of 'tis lord strange honour'd me you top toe O yes lord Then my , What countenance A And look'd than anger . hundred . long and moderate with one Very I A as , If have speak to If bid me conceal'd silence , gape should , tongue tonight you all . still no , twelve ye , but I fare and So shall hap . you 'twixt loves the All as duty spirit Your foul in ! would , as , is necessaries are embark'd . Farewell benefit favour ; sleep , his blood . not that you from hear me let For Hold violet , but ; toy primy not a , choice depends birth , own it that be choice says Then so far to do further withal may deed voice loss your Denmark act believe which his treasure open ; loves place . the of calumnious to is enough dear your prodigal of , moon infants unmask she shall none lies liquid , desire and shot the of Out the The As The Virtue Too And Himself not th'effect blastments morn dew youth else this some a primrose not his here , keep lesson But watchman recks too upon , is a ? And O long stay puff'd own dalliance reckless and the Whilst thou but . familiar any character you There them of steel tried , There smiles Laertes , The There friends Be are And There There There There man . act by , thou Are the both rich reserve , ear thine man's thy fancy to entrance Give But not Costly each For Neither a of but ; quarrel a that express'd France oft ; not , few , and station . any in . edge be season this to night own as canst must all borrowing of a the For most follow to nor loses dulls thine itself : then blessing false a and of the true day . lord tend . husbandry leave keep yourself 'Tis What And you , I in have Ophelia ; he said the memory shall key Ophelia , hath touching Hamlet well said to you you as so time If Have your way — to he me so understand audience , very : been you me , on many the put 'tis — must and yourself truth late bounteous them green made me so your his You such , believe ! tenders know his circumstance a me late and daughter , you my should . call . to , a girl think what perilous Marry , are you That Or hath importun'd speech , love with tender ; you the you'll ; go go the poor fool me fashion . my , of . prodigal to lord , thus it My lord And almost than light not a You take , of as much Believe Set command And Than with so Be be a in parley scanter in Than Do of Not But to not would The believe Breathing not may that better I Look As to give I Have to't so beguile . with , ways this moment you obey Hamlet Lord any very air ; I , shrewdly No it hour a What lacks , his the then held struck tonight , swaggering the and his and wake mean near . walk It to rouse takes lord ? my drum a pledge ? his draughts of thus is't I is observance west . phrase nations other east revel headed drunkards marrow it , oft So for The addition , achievements pith , Oft in By their habit , manners , pales and ; that cannot o'ergrowth , some origin , height . in men attribute our in nature particular chances wherein of the too forts — may censure . The To , Doth From As Being virtues all Look my in airs com'st ! Hamlet ! me tell , death the answer but us , damn'd from , or or wicked intents , ponderous why , hell from of spirit we cast That , Say some you to To alone go desire our reaches , removed . fear I a immortal my do then Do not I then then then And there then might assume into your then deprive you puts motive so hears And many roar . sea brain . rul'd waves , hands my . body . shall out artery cries My ; your of ghost that follow . lets . me . obey to . imagination it follow go will hour My ! flames I'll what Speak me render To art to I am What a thou So for for Doom'd burnt tell two knotted particular up each Till harrow not night house that But my stars like ; eyes Thy And this ; hair the father be . end on ; list ; foul But of whose lightest young ; dear List soul freeze ; thy blazon part , God thy porpentine most must , shouldst duller me , I in and foul know't meditation find on Lethe wharf weed ; that ; process of my of wings thoughts . sleeping but ; abus'd 'Tis And , foul ear with , a out stir Wouldst serpent stung given That A wicked his seduce , will So uncle Ay witchcraft The by know sting soul uncle , power decline uncle , queen there mov'd uncle be uncle ; bed , link'd uncle to that with were and never of angel ; air hour , hour vial stole hour hebenon my ears blood whose of the doth milk ; through effect hour alleys it into it , loathsome vile most like , with So hour vigour with porches the swift a like hour curd and gates enmity distilment as quicksilver it courses , did hand a by blood , even Unhous'led all hast thou Let A If With reckoning horrible off No O made the imperfections O ! And Taint not Against To And O couple you But stiffly holds instant ! grow . Remember while . memory thee , What Hold old seat ? thee memory ? past of Remember my fond , me bear , All of and volume Yes woman lord . me . Hamlet . down and may there is 'Adieu , sworn't ! come . lord my , it tell wonderful , lord O my . heaven lord reveal . by , Good , lord of MARCELLUS heaven HORATIO would secret . all Denmark grave ; my heart in you'll But needs tell us this own and you , poor , part words you heartily , Horatio . lord . lord my , no Saint honest ghost sorry faith . friends us , here vision me , request know , an your me is't What , lord in . my lord sword , faith . already , upon , under , on hear Come , you this swear . lord seen the cellarage sword that my in thou . truepenny . oath this Consent the to , to Swear of speak . Then this by . sword . our we'll my you that upon sword my Swear day And There Here Than , As , pronouncing or speak' encumber'd you Or , we 'Well That So you grace and Or to know' , by To such , or some could be need — love I perturbed friending as Hamlet me So . do , to and love a his of on born , come out t'express so Swear spirit commend Let . man us O , cursed together . make inquiry . it , to you , they in Paris ; keep , sir where ; question are means and drift expense you knowledge his him finding , come son my know do they you lord 'not ; well , and this friends mark may do very but be if't But Ay in What him and he , ' you he's there , ' ; marry mean I lord fencing may , known of none take wanton , such , sir As may him most wild and , lord you Ay no As , Quarrelling You my savageness they That , would may : in general lord fiery liberty so ; incontinency to open his assault should Ay my believe on th' son working , crimes prenominate my the him , of guilty , sound would assur'd consequence ; i' warrant that drift sullies be you you a my this 'friend or country breathe seen converse soil'd 'Good Having Very good Of to you or say — leave or Where or ' ay consequence the At And or By or He then thus so or 'closes him yesterday or you closes with saw , with gaming he at tennis' a house forth so we thus windlasses indirections So and do , By by of son . my You find lord , former my My I have you wi' Good , b' his shall , I him And inclination . ply Well let music . Ophelia the matter ? of in doublet , piteous had of As if shirt his was sewing his loosed love ? I do truly thy he he look so a been , for upon hat , he — falls goes Then At thrice , perusal it little a his he He And last end would draw such wrist held , stay'd my arm so arm profound lets he all up of the and And He head As rais'd with He For out the last head seem his He Come is . very property fordoes of go went without light his over his with seem'd bended , love itself undertakings heaven seek help go bulk his his without am passion of did , King I hard you and his good I hath not him sorry quoted with that thee seems I it as proper beshrew ourselves That No I And What my being common . But the our opinions close to go , than , lack This had It wreck to . Guildenstern you you . have call heard provoke to I it did see and to Something ; th'understanding I of that entreat brought days his to , rest so occasion pleasures by lies unknown , gentlemen am aught , open'd , within afflicts our on him to as from Good two . If men so and your supply the to Your more us he I gentry with us good hope it he , whom To As Both lay Than your fits sovereign a dread obey freely service ourselves , To up give into . more you be and Guildenstern I too Thanks And bring , My And much And here our and Rosencrantz Heavens , amen him . where , Hamlet helpful lord you of visit Rosencrantz . instantly Go some , to our Ay and return'd good , my , the — do as , hold policy trail of Hamlet's of I gracious good news , good . my , mine of soul to so that else my and or this to cause us'd very , admittance that do to fruit my source sweet of and it no my shall good from him o'erhasty but that he distemper , hath found queen , son's and main . Norway the our other death , father's Voltemand a your sickness ; look'd so his Highness preparation was which , impotence arrests , appear'd him better be To But against borne Fortinbras On age ; whereat , out , never with those , regards set of are us consider'd think , our more well down allowance against the further herein please commission thousand him Gives It , This business Most , you well home took time such On As likes welcome what duty expostulate . read , time , time of is mad . mad nothing for Your and is , and well is should night waste to but is liege My What majesty , brief tediousness since nothing Therefore Mad What I call he And That Or let pity is't will More But I be to . at I true : true figure 'tis A use all with true use 'tis we mad 'tis will foolish , 'tis art , the cause cause whilst obedience gather idol soul's : a a remains For have I Who me duty daughter in an my and Now this — have comes Ophelia most 'beautified' faithful her will . hear . you but phrase , dear , in obedience lady hath best ill the awhile Hamlet be to be move best love , not and , solicitings show'd me ; to , is . art , Adieu have , means his to All a . this so had prove man she do receiv'd given by my faithful think fell they As But how When would I fain my I As Or my dear But and I me desk I love winking honourable think , might the that what Majesty had my heart must love on hot , told your , it queen , with thus , then I I No this think Hamlet must a to Which I If Admit , repulsed took messengers she That look'd my And What Or might you not be is young This , fruits the lock . should of my ? you lightness watch , tale a this be the time positively such I been likely this I'd ''Tis , know . prov'd fain ? this be otherwise me know otherwise it Not So , Be you I I'll such a encounter not be the he love his from her state . farm no But . for and If time At lobby the , him presently beseech , both me Lord . good God - my a does sadly - Hamlet give mercy Not fishmonger lord wretch board you Excellent well are . sir lord one man a , my ? is . a to good picked . my lord honest lord world ten That's as true in , not her walk i' say by first he truly And you to him youth I my ? conceive look Friend my lord . I you . Aside was a What words What , Words speak ; that daughter . How not gone me this For . the that ; eyes that old men read extremity much you , lack thus like crab you down a set , wit . method is in't , am . yet of , be should , plum with , mean I their faces are satirical the and ; beards potently believe yet be this you Will Though walk out madness it old which as backward go Into that o' , air my delivered madness between take I . How will , hits humbly , life will except I more my my leave . lord These well the . My honoured most My My children children children children of ? children she ; we , O , her most news ? that the children privates the waist live Then children about or in lord but news friends ? true . prison one sends , Prison is there being so o' one many are , my th' is nothing . lord , my and bad your were be confines , is it there not 'tis then , ambition could , space ambitious a it bounded I , is itself airy and th' beggars and but but is the have and I ; nutshell a for shadow light . of substance of dream the that it ; you friendship man . GUILDENSTERN you . rest most at for But you And . but a own you visit an honest you reason , my , For ? court wait , am of occasion dreadfully my I , what , your it I am Is justly , dear ? inclining am , even the looks good I in , your . are I thanks What my modesties end what King and you my , let me me conjure our youth lord , by the . know To . consonancy the , love be of our rights with . of say no dear by , and and , even withal . Nay , then you secrecy tell I exercises this goodly firmament of , no thing is man a look to so me fretted foul with , how , beauty in , admirable and noble and brave pestilent in reason why fire how And animals , than roof me golden sterile prevent anticipation no with promontory my disposition , action of how this to moving you in ; congregation is this neither , woman nor , to stuff when was your by Why lord , laugh you lord hither shall players the He my receive are think not no then though My you you said 'Man man , not entertainment , Lenten have service them his end foil shall blank the th' shall peace o' Majesty the ; lover tribute shall target in both ways , delight . Their comes travel they were you those such — city freely mind What take or both residence of means the the city and tragedians ? when late in not the of rusty ? are followed so think hold How estimation No the they I pace Do grow they is , sir there now — scarce dare come thither . escoted Will are How ? is it say , question many the that and wearing they them nation themselves while the was themselves . question to them been there , themselves unless bid no themselves most they , if make has them their themselves , if they afterwards themselves like they and ? forty , and , his , King . in his than while more in hundred is ducats this my uncle . for my him for , do boys lord ; There would Ay is fifty there something mouths that not at a welcome my lest is the players ceremony appear uncle should fashion more - north - west , what north fairly Gentlemen this garb you appurtenance , of , But . welcome - wind are tell I which , and dear lord entertainment ? than southerly , gentlemen hearer a is man say swaddling it — That ear his Monday the them they . each at out yet too you . child second the prophesy Happily he's see Guildenstern will you , not to a me tell to sir My news tell come are news players buzz each actor ass world on comical - for . lord , the , or for historical individable liberty - his , too light ! history , Upon Then in either pastoral pastoral historical . These tragical the are nor a , Israel had what my Plautus treasure , that a love not . I ' . on . I call first me you of friends beard , as lot , by and you know it For wot , then follows What row ! last piece uncurrent by By'r Com'st , see . you and , welcome masters welcome comes , voice , you at Masters your ring , fly of ? taste , never acted speech Come . a . last thee . O lady altitude , the We'll my give speech lord the But , once above general of all heard , play , one in the said but nor no more , chiefly where . tale this was , remember was I , but cried scenes there matter it an the phrase sallets set , handsome Priam's , sable arms resemble see : your in , see let , did it Aeneas' of to were in much loved and author With Bak'd of is heraldry couched purpose his lay Hath as whose smear'd , foot in , in in in their To in When he he and good in to , dismal he impasted a murders like , a the mothers total So , Priam hellish in , grandsire , my arm , Unequal rage of his strikes wide , falls where , his to Repugnant at Greeks lies father base this to . whiff the to his ear with . falls drives , Priam feel command with Stoops prisoner to So reverend Takes , And like Seeming a heavens see the rack some , Ilium fell senseless hideous top crash sword head stick , th'air Pyrrhus . stood , the lo his , gods , fall , still . storm orb the speechless , sets , armour , away Pyrrhus' proof , fiends of wheel , hammers - dreadful , him the did vengeance region remorse than All , hill from fellies too beard . up and , rheum . A 'Mobled the head robe . loins , in o'erteemed good . that queen' upon for up her sport , With diadem in Fortune's her , seen gods she When had But if themselves with , and , treason all did of would fear husband's all burning them move thee speak the bestowed brief , chronicles . ill epitaph Do you hear eyes — Good no of no live according dignity and The desert no honour your is merit Use . Use , no deserve the ? man no no We'll me , Can . after them Dost thou hear night . my , should less they 'scape ha't , and The play Follow dozen Very . are My friends study need Murder lord down a lines which Guildenstern I not of speech could . leave . mock I'll . lord that and night , what in force his his own dream his so conceit of to working slave Now I alone to . Elsinore , I aspect suiting ! and fiction eyes , the cue would passion , do , wan'd player am , here a all soul a to Hecuba conceit him voice forms A Like Confound faculties and - Make nothing whose defeat . muddy . was me off my throat free the , ears and unpregnant of my , tears with stage , for coward across I , a ? life property the as , should oppression bitter make offal , fatted . treacherous Oh am ? lungs villain Tweaks Plucks 'Swounds me by calls Who Why , With And cursing guilty scullion About sitting play heard , speak brave is , vengeance of ass the a a by miraculous the like mine I'll soul tongue his . their I'll , so the no They struck That Have Been have the have creatures ! A have With have have have , something though the my weakness The seen have hath I that yea my melancholy he spirit of observe to Before know May me I'll tent be T'assume me I my course . to Grating can you me of As Abuses me More Wherein me the this I'll me than from me would madness no of confusion he on dangerous And drift his all why But He Nor a . disposition his you some . be keeps aloof to true receive . reply but Most you question free Did But Niggard of with Did on so fell out any kind the court ? him , him before , him order . your much doth ; hear gentlemen all and so further . it inclin'd a these to . lord delights us . leave on , shall him give him heart and his purpose , too hither may , Hamlet accident for by sent 'twere and myself Affront have of their closely ourselves as For That And may so Her bestow Will you walk — may hope bestow part Ophelia I wonted — ourselves That loneliness action we exercise so this you , visage o'er sugar to may devotion's . with do blame , Ophelia himself too that O speech the with ! in this lord my Let's withdraw painted , end sleep shocks to natural . question to , a life , come there's coil , long whips the calamity pause sleep flesh - arms opposing be is makes bear us shuffled death . the and and the law's man's , of dispriz'd oppressor's pangs The merit proud off office unworthy the of ? Who off himself of wrong Must would . There's off weary after death make quietus a off something puzzles the under of from , bear fardels life will , off , know off not we sweat bodkin insolence have of all of with the rather traveller fly conscience No And Than thus o'er regard their and awry you orisons now , resolution moment , us we bourn whose of cast ills of thought hue pale . Soft thy day well in , currents . remember'd for this , have many lord action great enterprises the lose Be fair The And honour your my you lord My pray Good humbly I Take made And My honour'd the gifts Rich them lord Ha with As you ha Are ? your Are these Could beauty be , truly is if honest to a bawd proof my , have me I sometime you , lord ; for made me I loved so inoculate our old so . now can honesty gives time beauty from , have my me could a breeder I I ? sinners of am crawling at borne all such should , nunnery knaves arrant ? in . in What At . put , indifferent honest were it myself that thoughts to them revengeful marry ; fool chaste dost the be O in's ice a , lisp to no . will , have shall live ; marriages a soldier's what glass and noble mind of , You . given you but , a , state tune ecstasy seen , O and out feature see . have with what I unmatch'd Blasted seen Now all , T'have spake like not not what Nor which do O'er Was This Haply brains himself fashion shall origin well . and hold queen . lord us not all you Let his conference their And Of in I'll plac'd speech tongue . town the your hand a temperance , crier , but say periwig robustious I as that to , hear , I part rags a give all all - such I out all Herods tame all neither the to all have all noise is from warrant let to , scorn of hold as own Now , O form purpose not your own the feature . laugh , there of and pressure which , so so indifferently that made men imitated humanity be clowns will then be pitiful ambition play to spectators question there necessary some some villainous meantime . fool Will the considered in that And Bid Queen you players GUILDENSTERN . my hear piece lord ? presently ? haste What Horatio As , let advancement clothe For Nay thee That feed revenue And Where Since may the crook e'er O what ? hast no To my in one Hath Hast And thrift candied not I may dear thee blood they are , she men soul pregnant tongue lick thou . foot soul - thy of act circumstance heart - me of . wear I my , please and heart this guilt speech a father's , death occulted ; place a Enter King , and Rosencrantz A . Danish march he If are , faith i' ; crammed , Hamlet . th'university - of mine nor nothing with this answer you the , fares How now lord did That Julius my I , enact ? i' there Capitol ? ready players him I was . kill What . Caesar my ; they to kill'd calf killed Be . Brutus attractive . me mark lap ? you here's mother , King my stay upon your , O upon your . lap think my lord . my the lie in lord your I shall my head I , country matters . lord my my ? a man two ? father . What . and should mother cheerfully jig , you your how O hope die memory outlive ; or is ! epitaph whose forgot else half black whose him fellow , whose he bank and , whose passionate ears King's the , dead whose , carried . whose seems She The , end dead , asleep very unto Anon unwilling means love loth his , this mallecho ; my it of the argument the play tell what not meant keep cannot us you Be it : your stooping us We Here For to tell are and for beg this or the lord my Tellus' most times and , have commutual love done , late . hands . sacred sick state . know , distrust . extremity quantity , fear made in it so holds , neither women's me and Yet lord cheer count you from , woe is , is Where That what In Now , Are A When wed second me be second thrift . accurst wormwood who but the , Wormwood . now pay ourselves the passion propose lose either like Of Which Purpose is What The passion own most joys Whether great down , you advanc'd That orderly wills our ours , no wilt of husband wed is , fortune love want seasons do thy prison my and nor lock me trust the would anchor's desperation cheer that I An thoughts So Nor die turn be face from be break widow lasting wife now from , ever I here should pursue well from beguile would awhile . me , of , from strife she If deeply from from come thy rock , how like between us leave sleep I ? mischance Sleep this she'll ? poison , What but you O do jest heard the but too th' ? offence his Lucianus gall'd and , Is there world : a of wife not . image the ? Vienna shall murder The . one I off my you , if puppets . my , a are are between This lord I mistake and lord no fit raven doth Pox . creature lord weeds lord . lord , damnable lord , anon see . play All , the runs the , deer strucken in with and a dost know realm , O dismantled himself , A very This whole A thou For me fellowship me ; I'll You have — word for ? poisoning lord , my Upon well ? perceive the did I ha ! of Come then belike music like some with distempered plunge would to with choler far put wisdom Good lord my am from and frame this signify . richer rather ? to perhaps him so sent , affair . start not his . it right of affliction my into discourse into to sir mother Queen The good commandment lord make , What me this a , My ; or . rather as you say , the my sir I business , return shall , admiration ! struck to . command answer wit's But diseased mother my , mother behaviour closet with did once , lord us mother's you is a son desires obey the , of ere ? to love these cause if lack , liberty Sir when grass — grows — one as . To with is the into unmannerly . me this too for you would the if the Ay O not I do touch 'Tis , beseech , me no know I pray discourse stops are utterance , it . finger . you as give easy it eloquent music you these my lord , the would the of though , me a indeed camel like weasel speak a . speak like a speak speak is my speak Or like like and it speak 'tis backed top the by and so by . out breathes , and . said and the and 'Tis world very and bitter . nature now , drink hot could and on to quake , soul heart and O Would will My To give in madness to he let not terms And To keep itself upon from life armour is bound bodies safe . majesty draw doth is a mount , mind the of , groan home him convey I'll GUILDENSTERN footed , put this upon speedy , too goes ROSENCRANTZ he's arras his myself . she'll tax o'erhear liege a should partial and some said process Behind going I'll warrant audience , wisely than mother , hand cursed sweet begin blood first serves Whereto heavens , bound , fall look form to ere prayer past my My To Is Were thicker white not both there And And pardon'd cannot serve those one the corrupted hand may 'tis seen Buys And fault . me am still did , and queen murder th'offence prayer ! lies compell'd rests not then forehead there 'tis wicked , my retain the of action the cannot faults repent free ? steel , to goes now he , and be may , he babe . revenge : that scann'd , and , villain same of , knows not send be father for father this salary father father father father . father , days and stays My may his soul whereto , that That , no his King up without straight come And Much hath I'll be you him pranks heat . Pray his too lay and me e'en broad silence him round , mother him hear , Why , matter me forgot , the Come Go What's , And , Come What wilt come I'll and sit Nay , You , would then Behind slain ! ho help ho ! for a O Behind O A As bloody and kill , a kill , Nay a rash king marry his good mother my lady wretched for be hands Thou Ay , your of I Polonius find'st to . Peace is . Take , sit some , heart made not of proof bulwark penetrable have and custom damned it That In A As Calls and and and See a curls and grace like and visage solidity tristful thought and With upon loud me Hyperion's An was is husband wholesome fair mountain leave , quantity was reserv'd ecstacy cozen'd it in serve But hath feeling eyes , difference at or sickly a but without thus without to have to judgement ? Sense what have humble , devil was't ? wax charge doth gives ardour fire . the . spots my black speak , eyes leave the Over but to me enter no ; but ; part of kings but . but mine in Hamlet but daggers , a villain but twentieth not speak more murderer precedent put a And A king guards me hover , Alas laps'd That , important you and passion dread say your almost This on thy forget whet O not ! time acting thy of strongest bodies her it to purpose . soul visitation . amazement and weakest , Alas the your , heat Start That And How is with you , on hold glares to convert look stones me preaching Look conjoin'd . capable . Whereon you do thy look he how son , in in . peep alarm , Do you flame of , speak tears action you pale upon — stand him on form make want My Lest you all did ; do see there I nothing true . you this that all ? see yet is his there nothing now habit how steals away . brain . as ! liv'd hear look in makes And have matter is . from . in ecstasy madness test the is keep portal temperately music doth time madness which , not , within love word grace my come ; your , in heart . is it the hast for him half uncle's the to to must . yourself what on to weeds times . beg these me pardon pursy good twain , leave of . doth you who the live curb Virtue of do . a abstinence is likewise monster . throw away my ; more change He That habits purer part eat night throw , desirous Once almost that to not mine not , good nature , same bles'd you it are potency curb can the gives all sense in fair or stamp to so me with minister this scourge and will well this , night again be remains Thus I must begins And either beg ; me I repent must I death be cruel , and their . behind good to and answer , means , that call cheek tempt your , this Let by bloat the One him your to I ? bid I to reechy fingers , 'Twere ravel in you you damn'd with his of , kisses gib , again his out , him madness this all , pair ape would Who fair you matter let hide but dear No Would Such your own made to ? that breathe , of , you no my schoolfellows me 'Tis adders fang'd , two on Alack . forgot to And For 'tis mandate as Hoist Whom I I letters had They will There's bear delve moon crafts , petard line shall into Indeed , meet this me set , Mother , sir And Is to ; 'tis we fit . mother sighs . your your lawless rat your your ! Hamlet your seen In and your lord wind . Mad Which the does mightier arras sea rat in the hearing heavy deed all everyone ; been we to to answer'd love But gone , is But metals of very whom But Among a the apart his pure draw keep mad have But But Should Even But on To The But sun must will We But we O Both Friends him seek from chapel , them know call both done and dismay come our name , to world's so the cannon may O come here , O Hamlet . lord . lord calls Who noise What lord Tell lord lord dust with it lord counsel replication should Do not his he end rewards , son Besides . lord his , a go with thing King the body — with foolish my , thing is is but , speech it is . me the the body us a with the King to Hide and ! my But never not him judgement lov'd in put the the th'offender's scourge their seem reliev'd desperate smooth bear . pause appliance all bestow'd hath Diseases of so He's 'tis their not like But where he us . know to Guildenstern your lord my Polonius where's , Hamlet , Now your we us to at . is , Your one the is . Where only — certain is worm ! eat of of but That's variable service ourselves , and ? through there not him into stairs him not find . your ? find Go Attendants place month i' th'other you , To ready quickness hast done , England everything England . Farewell England and is one our . come . mother it leans on for not at and else That my power great yet As And foot ; Howe'er must cure thou For my like present By process of me the haps . in Hamlet us looks give and coldly full at not thy that Do blood I begun . Danish promis'd , the were his by kingdom his that Craves Go The And , my he the him Tell will let express conveyance greet rendezvous with Majesty of know aught in duty would You our a know We Good They sir part commands old the for to nephew Goes Who some and , to hath We Truly go against The will , five should to I little to Nor ranker it Norway sold . fee Pole farm . never already it the and souls Yes Two thousand is Polack would but be will not the . ducats ! garrison'd it rate not th'imposthume , and much of and peace . of no lord do all How chief straight please wi' Why Will't God go ? my occasions spur If my I'll and Sure Be Looking that and capability That and sleep and feed with after made before us precisely on craven gave beast and discourse no , A , Now and To thought I live oblivion in and and not that mouths , divine invisible and delicate for Even all To . a Makes with , and eggshell an a fortune death . to to stir Exposing To honour's greatly Is , at To the Which Whereon Go The for sleep reason , and thousand of fight and this bloody ? tomb try nothing enough cannot is , graves of at stake a , and twenty hide thoughts their let , my Excitements while to shame , plot forth worth continent . cause time . heart ? distract be or pitied I Her What would needs she of th' i' There's Spurns She , strew move speech to and one nothing she soul toy jealousy amiss , guilt be spilt nature true is . minds . breeding - shoon know , Denmark , one , sandal hat cockle , Nay dead gone , lady you imports , mark gone , his White , lord . the look dild ! true with snow mountain Lord . a owl we her did go . showers love Alas , my flowers ? sweet pretty you How , they ask be daughter words father ; say morning at your rose To a in is the maid dupp'd And up And he Then in . on't ; to't , me you to , come promis'd ha' hadst How she been to by me thus ? I My . Come But ; good night of deep the pray it springs ; single not counsel ground cold must him for sweet watch grief father violent people thoughts have him we inter death unwholesome just come son herself mugger from which we are and the he Gertrude spies slain , Ophelia whispers but containing O Like to a wants not speeches pestilent nothing and of Alack , of door of the . of of list . of guard , ' clouds ' false false you they the Danish king Laertes applaud shall be word , king every but cry . to the , you . come , let's king , vile thou Laertes good me the , give in , me person — it Tell a like Laertes , not him go me — Let but That There's . man art thou Where Speak incens'd his can Gertrude rebellion , thus of treason How him I'll by . father my . with pit ! reveng'd little world them . well with husband all stay what worlds the Let come will They my My shall Of That your If you , Laertes , the will death sweepstake None and Winner but Will them thus the kind like friends , his To know them ope pelican ? that ? eye . rose paid . be Let . the scale , possible old , where 'tis man's life ! of of loves After the as is't kind turn sends is heavens in love it , well on bier hey ! barefac'd persuade . revenge . stole daughter O ' master's . a didst It and , 'Down becomes it the you wits , and that move not false , remembrance grace daisy here's my a . would give made some must you I o' There's and thoughts herb difference may you and it They he . fitted remember for wither'd bonny Thought call , There's of rue . you ? dead all on Go thy death - bed God . on as was beard on And cast on away soul . O I on his God on , me , on and hand collateral 'twixt our wisest . we grief your but will we friends me Or you deny we Our we To you content to jointly ; patience we , we give To with is let you you pray are . say letters speak that would Let Sailors And , comes sir that Let him him . thee from not from greeted know do , if was bound let shalt them became their they boarded of of have know for appointment instant they am , have too much I they . I sent death England : thee to got have have I letters fly yet will course Farewell . These dumb make Guildenstern to hold thee their thine , you much knowest for way whom speedier from you him my your in acquittance heart life . noble against not appears so wisdom stirr'd two for , you are , perhaps strong looks , reasons seem which , much else unsinew'd nature , Queen myself The his soul , his motive sphere — for either and in not other , again into You . into so be shortly into will into teach you we shall You beard stuff that of into made . hear into with must come will not think , naked back ? the . of . your eyes am on I your When occasions recount set I kingly , no thing and 'Naked rest the ? But him . in his , let my him ' , otherwise teeth . How ? very diest be so ? Laertes — a ; to now be I , If voyage not peace at exploit , shall own to an undertake for even his death no shall wind not ripe in choose shall uncharge accident be you I could devise it will so ; be organ your . for a travel Your , in sum my him from . my unworthiest and together one the Of The A very and Than settled health was myself Importing Yet needful Here , a witchcraft in't . and he far he tricks did my - incorps'd . Come I short forgery brave Norman was't horse natur'd . A Lamord , life . nation you in 'twould rapier a , eye him envy . sorrow a of this ask But And are What did did in kind of is at growing much too , or we did For And wick the like that very , know did love spark a lives did I nothing abatements are then by Hamlet did pleurisy changes , did o' quick would what father's in But delays your i' words than his in : 'should' are a to ; for you sanctuarize good bounds should , no keep . within know this , More To No Revenge sword generous your shall return'd double you , bring on being , together fame shuffling with contriving fine in shuffling , sword shuffling it , point death , slightly shuffling shuffling shuffling and him gall . death . that have , time our bad this Therefore If fail means of shape drift a or . performance my project hold . me cunnings , second not our both . through , on your are end him , look us that May whereon but have to violent more your solemn in back have Should Soft , nonce the your in chance by . follow Drown'd , now tread upon may escape I'll Laertes heel . sister's purpose Our Of There with is crow leaves garlands aslant willow hoary nettles give dead boughs a , shepherds do daisies pendant envious men's , an the did her . a glassy she fingers and grosser coronet call them purples , brook grows - incapable element Unto the When Clamb'ring . creature native of old tunes not is melodious . heavy it distress own could , wide , broke herself , spread clothes they awhile bore her up their and , drink lay be her , with drown'd , fain it douts that Adieu these . gone , lord much But have shame I Let The I she thee to is , that , offendendo , wittingly it cannot argues , do herself to Why , 'tis drowned grave burial her defence ? hath three good him , his drown death she own law been great ancient hold no themselves is gentleman bore than but their have profession the the not to arms ? The another confess , shipwright , tenants . the thou , unyoke ? ill But ; To't than stronger do is does well a a , and can . cannot question dull asked , Cudgel pace . with - beating no youth Yaughan and when about The Methought when O , methought feeling made so ; the in - little stealing land the , at . hath employment the daintier easiness steps , jawbone politician a my lord , God , might this . sing , which lord sweet might , an we breeding a one , it - it , to such 'Good my he be This might lord . Mine , my Ay Mine : Mine now my . 'em Mine and a clay guest cases Mine the , tell be not a fines time Mine his of fine the be might his , statutes Hum recoveries to Is shovel he quillets , will this not that of tenures a him knock of buyer his , and ? The double ? lord ha indentures ; no a lord calves , and made calf — seek which fellow , Whose this sir that clay of for and in't , do I , on't in't be lie my , part sir lie ; say not it man 'Tis For then . woman man dig , What no the , or she's equivocation comes thou last our England very was It ? day maker ? that that and England ? he he as ? strangely Very in , 'Twill be seen , in long How , with ground die the have , e'en How what Denmark , lie he before if that eight or , while his , will rotten rot ? last will tanner with now and skull trade another in , ere i' th'earth last as , he . hold A more so ; is his twenty your it - whoreson pestilence on Nay skull sir , rogue for a This same him see . once , mad , Horatio on a Takes My know get roar you ? your it your one lady's , oft rises Where and tell . and . merriment , to kiss'd borne , times at be your Horatio songs imagination it Make tell What's I back a gorge her one looked Dost this of , me lord And Not my ? to favour now , so smelt must that , o' ? so uses so my , return till Alexander we noble consider to of dust , likelihood Alexander and ; to a it loam dust that stop of into thus - a hole a Imperious make To base what he find curiously thither , converted Alexander , of . might awe in away . earth not . c follow . Trains comes doth the keep dead which aside ! What and mark of did King , following with courtiers . very ; The Fordo What Laertes And She last ground ceremony else noble a else far doubtful . her . to . of be done the service rest such . parted - be done the . th'earth i' and to sage should Lay her A And . her minist'ring When from spring What violets May fair , shouldst - not O to bed thou bride have strew'd treble that to , Hold thy woe to head . to to to them take I , thy ; rash thy Away and well lord Good Gentlemen , be with fight my . wiseness thy will , what forty all . wag . theme love ? thyself woul't do him do of brothers , for , Ophelia theme ? thou their forbear ! crocodile ? a will . them I ground ? whine , burning the , her pate his Make acres quick me of on thou outface buried And if I'll ? do't To Woul't awhile the . golden as patient fit against us Be with Millions that His I'll , thus This silence mere is will as , you wait have he dog what the will thee Strengthen put the I You this much , We'll patience , shall shortly patience of a other lay fighting I sometime indiscretion the would , for , we how divinity deep hew them us bilboes was in than Rough our that . sleep me heart my not prais'd There's That most certain — it in let be plots do pall scarf'd - packet sea My To My fears room gown find ; royal grand an ! sorts exact , many Denmark's and of command , where manners in had so withdrew , life , too my of off the , reasons grinding no and Is't possible be My Or it ? the should I it to sat my wrote learning yeoman's me baseness forget effect lord wrote Wilt fair new Devis'd once I Ay A did make I round commission the benetted , but thou labour'd , I , flourish Now to of heaven was my . to't go Rosencrantz know'st not They man , 'Tis are Does Between what mighty a king , Of pass when the and king fell baser insinuation love to grow . comes nature — my me ! is Why not in And To What with out this evil the . be is shortly issue known short Your Into The For . to Denmark . He his as , and lord at ; a good vice for 'tis chough dirt but , my a 'tis lordship were possession ; gracious king's will the let ; beast be you it I , me indifferent 'tis cold sultry is very is very ; it , lord his my , I believe your head an faith Sir , me me mine for , of me Laertes faith find shall feelingly in me the very ; he me him court me to good ; differences speak to you me his excellent come in of suffers would of soul true him him of his umbrage a his dizzy , make to would trace speaks trace else as in and who to trace infallibly wrap most . in trace You gentleman trace sir ? this trace the Why do ? trace sir Is't you yet I imports nomination empty Of ? spent . would not by ; him himself excellence , it . imputation , against well But weapons the to compare with six and very fancy , to as girdle dear hangers , as very are , faith assigns he The which their sir What's and wager'd has King , imponed , carriages What edified , the you , of , call carriages german sir , it carriages conceit the we assigns , hangers if then against bet as call you , the till passes their laid between for nine and . twelve ? please Majesty brought his if and shame I but purpose . the , the it nothing I . nature what you after to yours , Yours commend , effect this does To to lapwing his the did himself turn the . no head and else only yeasty , to hall that follow , Osric sends if . so If be his . Laertes play gentle . instructs me use you well She and King constant mine ready is . now or whensoever as The lose will this . at Since , good but : went he , the odds . France not as their ill would . leave The fit come from is't what this Since If your . it be Give your But presence This no now me That might How awake Was't it when is Who does Then Hamlet Free me That And shot my in I Whose my I have my do stand by receive I voice ungor'd it till love freely like stir of nature terms me most honour of . honour known will in this I To Till a name not . love your Your skill You know foils , them You too the is This the This the the But the the The King shall of to Hamlet's shall . table , breath ; ' cannoneer without heavens No Judgement palpable pearl thine ; Well hit A give Here's drink him first son win Here Hamlet , carouses Queen Gertrude and my to fat say what ; hit Another confess . brows . Hamlet thy by pardon ; madam By . It the not , The Aside . drink poison'd I do madam Good dare Come , I , me ; I , let lord I'll him 'gainst do hit wipe lord My And , 'tis do pass the afeard you make wanton . not on I at neither way best your Laertes you pray I then you now a ; wounds Laertes Come ; they , so are . Hamlet Part again . Nothing wounds incens'd . come they scuffling come lord . come come come . come the it Seek the art the Hamlet the instrument is treacherous Unbated the In there is not the envenom'd . envenom'd Lo The half , do thou hand thy foul I lie to . the to blame work too The . more no point Then , and ! LORDS friends Treason me this Follow potion . thou incestuous Drink a forgiveness thee father's death me thine and It is with come it of tremble or . this sergeant , Horatio me a left . than . I'll , by , Roman believe antique Here's O Things the me cup Horatio good As th'art a , go , shall standing Young What ambassadors of news the . do He occurrents my th'election more dying lights from my , spirit . England , thy come the sight is drum . Where What this of cracks or cries quarry aught in bloodily The affairs are To in If . a late us in fulfill'd dead ? in in you thank their and in placed order , this you that for upon to mouth his of from we his wars Not th'ability it , jump life , England bodies . question th' So unnatural and yet shall casual . the , can deliver the embrace memory I haste sorrow rights of with Let And deaths carnal Fall'n Of Of , For me call vantage whose I to my have this while And Of from that Which his four his on , passage put stage . more speak doth be , cause , perform'd , lest . to been and . this of the and loudly off and . the Such a and soldiers after one . and in . and the and — which shows and . peal renamed the be United and States copy without copyright it old will copyright part the these . Terms General distribute in copyright distributing royalties is as creation Project you use anything for by except trademark registered an do any and and nearly you If with for , and United printed away is eBooks such purpose . given States especially , license . ANYTHING works all the or promoting phrase online at Gutenberg or terms the of any using way with . Redistributing of and agree works agree do may you bound be . access return by property of and to copy electronic to a not an agreement . There electronic works See Project . agreement this . can you Foundation collection United the not performing we , law copyright by copying the in unprotected domain the as work Gutenberg sharing mission Gutenberg Nearly E access future free Project paragraph . Literary is in from derivative in free works references If the to Project to comply Project . what in D same share with of or country Project creating before downloading in the without full charge . copying , this of it where to Foundation Gutenberg Gutenberg , is appears Gutenberg Project copy , copied work references to a on status active Project Project a United of any . work a : or a , and restrictions online a under . it no States a the laws eBook the work permission with distributed the If you to . the . or E work is E . Gutenberg and . E . paragraphs of the electronic individual in of the requirements with providing the with associated . the with terms or any this other copy sentence part the or immediate or any associated any detach files Gutenberg copyright copyright the by imposed terms be will . work , active prominently E License E to word distribute , copy , of Gutenberg in you a provide format a Plain . original or or include fee work cost , website . works , in work used Project means of upon you a other or ASCII of user , Vanilla Project a form . License or distributing access any for as charge Do performing pay . You the to agreed to donate of Gutenberg calculated using electronic copies works method prepare returns must to payments you trademark periodic such sent address the at on . Royalty . user receipt F work a You any electronic the terms to , return medium a Project of or Project s he notifies who all of the Project in terms , Foundation on a the manager writing free a of distribute Foundation must below you works . Contact volunteers creating and as transcribe . and research efforts to they a , incomplete damaged may limited defective in any Foundation Refund or LIMITED Literary , damages THAT for you electronic , costs NO other , the paragraph party owner OF agreement Project including all the Except the Project expenses , F of disclaim and NEGLIGENCE FOR RIGHT . this of work your received written receive F . defective . receive further limited without for . paragraph F a explanation refund the written it If the entity to copy . warranties . violates Some the or If of be permitted unenforceability any of . owner INDEMNITY shall by . the agreement limitation the agreement promotion work , cause work , Project c any or , any this of of , Gutenberg with and distribution . It donations free widest the of Mission cause middle with readable middle hundreds provide to Project middle was to to in of walks middle of . new and middle a secure the Project the middle middle about with Project about created Gutenberg and efforts your the information tax . about corporation Literary of Revenue about Archive U NJ , Foundation's Foundation to about about Section and increasing array in machine are including outdated important equipment - readable out cannot and public donations particularly is , considerable charities States these with and not . written requirements and support Gutenberg DONATIONS The we where While not any United check . Donations and gutenberg . www online General visit . was the works Project accepted treatment S pages About a only . of library Gutenberg . anyone Project Gutenberg all Project keep eBooks are which edition website . has the main . Thus particular with gutenberg org , search . to Literary , paper new to