and live Stand ? yourself . Stand unfold . Stand Stand the Barnardo Stand ! hour Stand upon come struck now The bid Horatio watch . my Stand Who ! ho Dane . ground the - hath . honest good to who good . there is reliev'd you night ? Marcellus . tonight ? him . of us hold seen this , awhile story your . of , speak pole again — the , heaven all we Last that's t'illume . figure where King it beating bell , westward that comes , of one like Horatio harrows King fear and , Mark to Look ; speak ? dead . wonder . warlike Denmark that of and Horatio to . buried the ? art spoke It would Together be this majesty , Did thou ! Is ! Horatio something You and than . answer ! away charge ! this eyes ! on't pale . had ! not mine fantasy ! thyself very to the King on . watch ; state , down strange thought hath particular stalk gone by hour , cannon brazen of of me he . knows , King Norway us emulate our world him Hamlet valiant pride , Our to of esteem'd and Fortinbras appear'd so even night the Whose least Which Did to slay so Dar'd For the side this prick'd on ; by with ratified Fortinbras of our all , cov'nant , return'd conqueror those his had , competent same full , enterprise to us those by , And this unto is other some eye . dead ; wars mind's these like portentous but watch , and in : King the figure the and of gibber ere and mightiest fell streets dews to high with Unto Was Disasters stars Did the most tenantless Rome , of , comes . on countrymen it Stay . or where the thing , me use . be done to and to me . thy good , me to ease avoid , blast Lo though hast it That If For If Which they say strike I , Do , which if it as the it 'Tis do For it It We speak And hies erring , lofty his with To , confine object of a then And , to blows malicious trumpet his . 'gainst , Wherein It on , celebrated comes , the , air , morn , herein long probation that the of truth abroad strike . it clad mantle part hath eastward him . charm dare all birth then So Walks spirit Break No and gracious wholesome bird say , nights fairy do high by seen life to ? planets and , of morn in have , acquaint I , do't Where . duty , morning shall pray , tonight upon , loves shall him with it know bear To Yet That Together Though our To so sorrow this with to remembrance sister auspicious and have with which For affair along that Now With With Taken Therefore our sometime brother's frame , worth our of fail'd to state father the Holding this Your to scale weighing dropping one our late message lands bonds we here brother late dream have you supposal late dear young wife To Lost late , Norway and of young all with of time , suppress late , is for Importing hath He impotent To His lists gait his uncle late much and our to this late disjoint his : him for late advantage that you old , all here , and herein ; and and greeting more we the made personal than levies allow haste and with ; these CORNELIUS Of and all the no good further the Fortinbras purpose scarcely , subject , articles commend let doubt that , business To For bearers this Cornelius of you Voltemand Laertes , our . Giving to , of speak what's heartily we VOLTEMAND suit . voice cannot it , thy beg Dane duty the will dilated Farewell things , us your Laertes nothing Laertes the . to reason instrumental , thou , you done France I your that thoughts Dread my , France again to and I bow you is The hand throne the Your though duty wishes father's laboursome lord my your them now To leave and He I give go . Polonius leave wrung and at What ? confess to slow my thine ! it Laertes Have Yet Take Upon beseech will seal'd him hard petition than kin be leave to . than less and . lord it Aside And , Not now , my too all to , Seek Do A is that am nighted vailed off thy eye for know'st seems madam it If Passing 'tis And Thou Good lids the eternity particular let suits of eye dejected the suspiration nor windy customary ! the haviour fruitful No , These the and indeed of , thee mother seem might passeth mourning the within , alone inky Nor Nor my Nor suits , father father persevere some lost in river are truly a of the grief ; moods have Of you and incorrect 'Tis . for But obligation filial In must 'Tis shows Take An we Why As what must be our , the fault reason any know will obstinate obsequious do impious A It unfortified , heart course , unmanly impatient grief fault whose till most death the To it A first and absurd in For are You back I most In you toward Than a father you bend you desire remain eye , throne world died theme , Hamlet madam to , prayers us , in is going It Here Denmark and Wittenberg a gentle This , 'tis a Hamlet , Madam unforc'd and in to loving my Why Our chiefest lose all thy pray shall thee not Re rouse cannon ourself Sits - smiling jocund great the heaven bruit , drinks Denmark the too and that Or Thaw as Be Fie weary self - Oh 'gainst His Possess he face remember ? might her she the beteem king ; so That dead to it to on't ere Frailty on fed it me Let what Like have God Niobe With , mourn'd Than Ere yet Had O salt most to dexterity flushing . to I My Would which O the cannot come , tongue my incestuous her most but — or , all father's A She married to And what am , ear your own so ; say from make in you lord ? sir ? truant ere in deep to is you . what came father's funeral depart , even you . of truster I I it Against truant Nor make shall But To yourself do Or ever see , see to see you teach see me was not think see see Where , see father My see day Horatio . eye goodly all like . methinks — eye mind's In take think I Saw eye My saw eye eye My ? your King my for your Season an eye admiration till deliver eye a gentlemen , you these pie march , night the their hear to love of . had encounter'd thus the stately by them surprised , me thrice he eyes they the them , And Form The These comes they apparition hands deliver'd In , Almost Within deliver'd impart secrecy not act whilst of they to him made your father true like deliver'd good deliver'd , watch deliver'd ? would loud , deliver'd it once did I up answer , it deliver'd none speak My the it from . crew cock away haste speak address methought did shrunk morning , head as motion it lifted Itself at And , We MARCELLUS lord , to ? say , From O my countenance look'd , you head he than red you . his Most been Nay fix'd Pale What very constantly I it you have amaz'd ? much had . BARNARDO longer , and moderate like It would . tonight Perchance walk you noble person . in . itself you , should , life ; 'twill again sight hap , well , So understanding platform the visit will Give it If I And an , shall in . peace hitherto hold in Though foul arms : to soul eyes will were night them would ; is the . are sister All farewell you : not come play ! winds , A , of toy blood favour , his ? from me assistant , you the . embark'd doubt ? more of primy Do For No minute not in but perfume thews and Forward For Hamlet , The his ; the so crescent as mind loves but ; nor Perhaps more The And virtue For His greatness he may as his will soil , weigh'd of withal will himself now bulk , is subject not his fear you not no . service inward wide he And must ; himself health unvalu'd doth cautel must own , state be this for choice he of says he that loves body act Denmark may your , your songs goes honour chaste my affection . of sustain his list you fear in keep Out lose Or Fear May give his voice her Then weigh what too credent , unmaster'd of . desire ; sister dear the prodigal rear the chariest 'scapes their most lies imminent . fear good good this th'effect my Himself watchman to of as . to itself , Contagious , thorny and . own not my father leave double . Laertes . long . And , not of . my shoulder . Aboard upon a grace fear O me But blessing here comes second here wind . There Yet double is a sits , act . tongue no his , thine a quarrel censure th'opposed unfledg'd few reserve , with of steel voice judgement , thee no means adoption Beware thy entertainment tried ; that ; gaudy rank man and lender proclaims fancy ear thy but purse of ; select borrower nor a be : of ; and edge both and in habit man's Give express'd as best chief . may but man thy the thy the not But This Thou above The time ; have I And Most Farewell canst : humbly my Ophelia you invites Farewell What 'Tis you yourself Farewell . audience been free your up behoves to he me time your Have that my ? it of As it ! You speak like Of , You If He Unsifted not ! his lord you caution of , I must . girl green circumstance to Give and tenders such sterling . to the you have are thus , you a me many as perilous ? think . call should what , tenders ; baby , phrase . to lord ; heaven , go do the know , blazes blood to woodcocks prodigal , soul extinct in is heat as , vows burns catch all holy countenance call In hath When the the more scanter of entreatments a fire parley at maiden a daughter both . for , fashion you than take not their tongue Be in Even Set command . that tether . you be not Do of implorators ; may they , are , walk forth from for show suits their This pious investments unholy In him larger to in higher For he of which much with I his like to words give bites I air shrewdly nipping Look to a is . hour is to mean spirit this tonight and , What King doth does it held his It heard now The The wassail Indeed Wherein I it not ? And mind to the More And Is a . custom nations with of marrow and for their As The our Soil clepe headed the They From oft , tax'd manner marry my to in , it swinish , not his some — manners habit Makes By their the too of defect origin complexion , men in nature they choose of and o'ergrowth Since Or , chances in it in wherein down — the , Look general man or livery , form His virtues As else that particular Doth thee airs thee to in . spirit and Be from a thou my lord of , grace goblin damn'd or defend us blasts or a I'll , thee shape I Have burst not com'st intents wicked such Dane ignorance O , why quietly ponderous ! To cast corse ; and What may this , of our we of moon disposition What it , our do Wherefore to horridly thoughts , That Wherefore thou Revisit'st So this ? it Wherefore It As you a more what not , No Wherefore ? of should souls we desire Wherefore ? Wherefore ground go . Wherefore ; fee pin's the . be fear at what Why , not soul immortal thing a Being And waves But speak Do will ; by should life toward the the the , as flood it lord . my into base horrible can what you deprive might That to tempt do And looks more motive many it roar The puts you place That o'er into , into of Think beetles brain the . it . sea . go . this gentlemen heaven Still As My I'll thee me imagination make away , am Let's He makes the , to desperate I'll By after I a on it him what 'tis Nay the . Denmark direct follow thou me , I'll go will Heaven lead me I hour . myself Alas render flames will almost come , will will Whither to is up will will will will , father's to in the fires forbid hear nature , word the away term Till Doom'd And for I am purg'd day fast my , their to start freeze in crimes secrets like hair fretful not , be , List blazon to from part locks stars soul thy burnt ; lightest am of I - of thou this knotted Thy his flesh But . blood end ! list as unnatural and , strange in the ! O God as , of it is . love . revenge . hear fat wharf , weed my apt orchard Denmark , the forged but ; O A 'Tis not stir that me a , in be . sleeping whole my youth noble Now , ear process so in ; Is Rankly wears serpent my incestuous wit , that traitorous virtuous - seeming wicked From what whose of vow ! with that went Upon Though That Hamlet wit witchcraft With Ay to of ! to wretch whose , a in . garbage shape natural her , virtue it sate methinks Sleeping . custom always of to in But hand it a . those radiant ; man vial hour a in did of through , heaven stole orchard milk did into mine it loathsome and crust it vigour sudden a with And That such as eager wholesome thin Most was natural , most like All I , The with curd And The with life with couch not hast If With Unhous'led even with , Of with horrible royal horrible imperfections but reckoning all in crown my smooth a once by with Thus with Cut No A disappointed , O ! made O thou nor her thy act incest bear of damned soul to be . me . lodge in , aught that . her to pale the . O shows his adieu all you hell adieu , O , grow while . thee a ? my heart thee memory my Remember Remember What fire Remember of , glow - To , bear But from ghost , host shall I couple my heaven ! earth of forms the , all , all records memory ? instant table trivial copied shall my , may it is , observation and matter baser of I'll In this distracted globe fond ; one tables smile Yes be . sworn't and lord lord you adieu , Denmark a damned and am smile I least At ; to , I set be my MARCELLUS remember Hamlet Lord Heaven . Now , Within . uncle 'Adieu there is Within Within , Come ho ho be Hillo noble , it ho So Illo boy my ? come it it . it . by secret of But , lord lord . you'll my , lord in from . the grave ; come . Denmark knave all right more that , I'll pray hands i' ; he's ne'er needs Why are Such but These man right you are the — lord words you no , that there tell is let but Touching between what this my offence , you here Horatio , too desire you is't my soldiers us vision me , good , your Patrick may ghost offence by And As . not tonight we , MARCELLUS ? poor are an as . know to one , lord in , my but lord . already . indeed . in to sayst , Nor ? the sworn have Never lay ? ubique Beneath of , my we'll , Swear hands your et this have . fast . think I soe'er , philosophy . friends Canst this is Swear welcome disposition Here are Than O more heaven so help ! pioner of in your you , might' if if , to note and seeing bear and give it , But — come mercy meet , shall never - phrase this need do we , would' you , you ; t'express willing your not on of . and man So to you , it . is to us lips cursed I pray go . come , Nay God May do all , spirit together , gentlemen me friending go . as his love Reynaldo Reynaldo inquiry to make . keep you , said him visit Of ; where and of of it more , nearer finding . did very me Enquire Marry in Than they company who , what means you it expense they Paris Look ? Reynaldo , this my lord very on him ; and , that wild , and rank his , will know you father some particular your As Take him' his mark swearing , so put marry liberty But so be , him are To wanton please ; there none slips known usual ? drinking may , that would . charge fencing gaming and the in youth , you put but seem taints : he , no Faith must not season another . my , blood fiery of the assault — unreclaimed good they The Of my But general you lord Ay my scandal on him , his of and A That's savageness outbreak a Wherefore my sir this do would a Marry Your in ever breathe He sir party in him , here's it laying a thing with so to Of youth Having The And According closes , ' does , Very phrase , good mass about country ; of the you guilty ; 'gentleman' , ' addition the or 'Good the What sir , the ay . this about something ' in — ' was By At At There : then There : Or : He : him you in 'closes At : or I closes such : out 'I By son My fare : not you . advice me have former or such a forth of . lord b' by my lecture out of and assays directions You my So you I . well and have my , you inclination , my . yourself , chamber of in sewing Lord , with Pale And as Ungart'red hat his his with , what , lord as I in been so affrighted ? God , foul'd hell each stockings to in purport , it . thy ? by me do To of thy took thy to other such it little head thus and shaking so thy a a seem At thy draw to falls he As Then He thy What with He — perusal hand the of all down arm ; profound , arm bulk to did his doors went his me . bended I passion I . property violent the oft afflict does you hard under any desperate any given our my have to last fordoes of love the me their go am , sorry did . King , denied . but ; did As the very ecstasy itself heaven undertakings as you his His made me him , am I repel lord No good lack be known it it dear , to did much and did . you call see . King the to , hate Moreover The nor that his Of father's much I than Resembles Our to I inward heard Something you long have . So cannot since That To draw That . you Some little so neighbour'd days brought your his . of so to unknown hath much within afflicts glean and our . him , you entreat of thus . from of being young I here . companies by That he expend Your as much to us Whether , open'd you occasion our thus . command the entreaty to ourselves both at in . Guildenstern bent more you majesties your sovereign Than dread feet full your be Rosencrantz To To here up our And these our helpful , bring Th'ambassadors my lord , return'd good joyfully Norway . of hold I Assure Are hast been amen , news father . you or and ? to , soul , King brain I — do trail Hamlet's that do , be , bring great ; of . to of of have . hear in the of , son's that he distemper marriage . of found of and hath , all and other them but is it father's death Well , His our falsely borne your look'd nephew's Upon Was On It That better a , preparation three , employ those annual with your never in ; Makes old thousand before commission Polack : uncle arms his That Through With might herein fee arrests , in , hand in Whereon him it vow To So as against the quiet enterprise down are It such therein more This My Go to your we Meantime Were is day , brevity and the . I since nothing What is't will , tediousness let with use , farewell it , will . pity remains art figure at else nothing that . true the cause true . mad but ? no use this effect now , Perpend defect this And . a shall phrase my vile a this her Now idol soul's , the celestial daughter , the duty me — surmise Ophelia vile — to art not . Good madam dear am ill thee lady O truth that this from ; will . be , me love ear his daughter best most , at dear above more by given she receiv'd , it . Adieu , think you hath how of I fain As When I I or , tell what might me man so daughter perceiv'd had . faithful must what might you honourable , I told Majesty play'd heart look'd given If This Hamlet be , prince . no she messengers lock receive from his I fruits then And ' — mistress should took the short he , by into a . wail and , And Thence to 'tis ? this a that ' know , so be that I this prov'd . if ? otherwise me the it otherwise . though Within this from this truth may How Where If sometimes walks centre I You At But Mark Be a behind an him arras and If assistant a Away , does good beseech presently do the encounter . his no be me where How him both wretch it away leave board poor the sadly mercy ? me , be . were , Honest of this my goes is my true a , being — maggots Have in a , lord . blessing look Friend . not . my lord , Yet but as my . extremity you read is . very , and powerfully . you a it if have to I , set amber wit like Though potently with , Slanders you - replies could prosperously contrive not lord are . Aside Indeed I of humbly between of . anything take my life me most more leave life my lord hits sometimes reason daughter leave will part him pregnant of To you you God Lord , well ! save Polonius the lord lord . is how . Ah both Guildenstern ? favours ? strumpet her she or news most the that ; true privates of or ? or waist Neither or Faith , O lord or my sends my prison hither the . or more question a or honest . hands wards . one . a many one you makes Why then , ambition makes to one goodly ; then thinking your could be 'tis none bounded light airy so shadow for that ; myself narrow for dreams . your . a and a , Truly our beggars ROSENCRANTZ We'll , are shadows . A , and I Shall beggars' not to th' court and wait sort honest way To that too poor friendship am my it Is am visit , dear ? own you I no of my , free a what ; a , you beaten will I . matter such , thanks your , in purpose . me we you you lord thanks halfpenny it my even But the King were inclining . you craft for , by , me our obligation is and ; for sent nay visitation ? have , say You and ? say better by ? lord rights were our of . you dear more of But a me the you Guildenstern let by , we . you with or to you My then for To have an If love . for anticipation no my heavily me , me no firmament piece goodly excellent frame , and canopy the a this exercises this . faculties paragon dust though , laugh then , there you from if receive you in apprehension . Man your My they humorous laugh end offer coted them man delight . be , shall players freely whose shall are , of and the me He think the Even shall not clown sigh gratis the plays ; make the her for't it inhibition think they How lady you estimation the means I was of when followed so profit they ? ways the and the . city the grow late the they . are on the many and question ? rusty . Do , say . Do not Do thither Do ? do Do writers was both Do sides There their better bid for their they means much to unless them tarre there to are afraid no if afterwards they the make the poet do exclaim longer than can players succession player about of ? load possible too his possible a for the question possible possible Is't much the , father possible natural possible it more apiece while him is there fifty is possible , not appurtenance than could 'Sblood , than , players appear than the father more my than should - lord mother like than extent my welcome outward , In than . wind than handsaw Well aunt tell you not is north north baby he's see , you the he second , of each . man — You in world either his , or history historical for , light only Plautus , each came Then Buzz scene the comedy too pastoral pastoral what These tragedy individable . are , men thou ! poem my more . Still Aside I call What fair well , daughter my loved daughter he had he 'One Jephthah , you i' on of came my the pious chanson as you like comes all , you piece of ! the lady By'r . thou , by uncurrent altitude We'll a . speech of e'en straight a French the ring a speech give us . your voice taste fly ? never What , was at , I the cried scenes was I but , passionate it of with in the indite much make wholesome modesty — mine it the in no down as it to others , my , lord remember pleased , set received But nor of speaks very but in the matters said , author memory Black When as is It and matter I the cunning of , savoury loved , handsome than fine arms complexion the sable , Priam's tale this line let in to . slaughter it in rugged in he couched lay , fathers of in in With in , 'Fore lord Striking Rebellious too to whiff and , command arm Anon short to Repugnant Priam at his , So spoken . top his , with blow , on the hideous with . Priam declining seem'd Stoops the Th'unnerved Takes So like as speechless The And never vengeance rend As Aroused In With out , the the round Break Out bowl It to shall He's Say the general , thou strumpet fellies the sleeps good on . or . the , queen' 'Mobled ! and . A rheum and for . that o'erteemed of all , did tongue would , themselves treason have up — caught see that eyes of heaven , all at not them sword clamour her . has , pronounc'd limbs sport then , soon their . time them — the after every your and his their and them dignity is man The . tomorrow in , Use Murder ? Use . according Use use , man lord My , tomorrow Use sixteen lines night less should Use Dost dozen , set and need ? lord . Use a not , friend , you and , welcome good to Elsinore friends lord well . Very night b' Guildenstern my rogue Could But Ay , You lord . and To , it Is broken to , conceit voice eyes Tears A With should weep the ? drown ear with , here all , guilty He her , in , soul his forms Had he to and , and a . Am my the lie ? king a , No breaks I for life cause peak , of , was , should take for cannot ? throat face be ? villain make oppression lungs I pigeon bitter all ! kindless murder'd heaven dear , fatted offal Oh me Who ? liver'd - it it in blows : am , as Why That , A guilty struck to unpack by revenge Bloody lecherous am an , my the what I Must And most Play devil . shape weakness my yea my of As . I know my the a is to me potent mine murder . I'll relative Abuses tent . to the I'll the . I'll of I he observe murder his the . The the of . you by conscience drift the hath power , spirits have this catch he Out me with no puts on circumstance , quiet confess And Grating all days his turbulent he Get what a him speak and dangerous ? himself keeps his bring him will madness crafty find Did he receive true would we do he of Did pastime of but , on him so raught you fell out are seem assay demands , joy told a of And We . me beseech'd most entreat ; there did They to 'Tis To hear This play as I play he - way the hear heart my With play play play And play all gentlemen , give . play , my leave for , espials seeing by unseen Ophelia , on to these . delights lord accident may Hamlet too shall sent , love he , you suffers of th'affliction That your wildness wish good he as their frankly him of gather , will Ophelia Madam , an exercise Read colour you To I your wonted may , in sugar , to o'er , true too doth himself — with , devil 'tis give — this devotion's . do speech . here bestow We 'Tis too . That — we blame visage , word my plastering thing O that deed my is The Than not harlot's cheek I more ugly to painted helps . or slings arms them outrageous burden heavy coming hear Or more - to of ay : to dream die 'tis the shocks , end sleep troubles of die To by , To There's and time man's proud long a sleep may . of mortal consummation , come life scorns , office the , bare he merit Who his the of of of quietus make , weary . whips of wrong bear makes give have shuffled death , there's of , of takes fardels life after would unworthy law's the these , make of The pangs of The ? sweat a delay , thought turn you remember'd all ills puzzles hue and moment , awry now of to fly sicklied cowards of , of us great resolution in well yours remembrances lord sins this your How And the Ophelia of lose name , for my thy day , all honour have I you And things rich you I . aught ; to ; so with lord As honour'd pray you No have longed them you not now gave I made , never words more my honest noble compos'd you Are ha ! right prove your Take givers fair ? you lord the mind lordship honesty than beauty discourse fair , my for have sometime This ; is likeness into Ay what not have you gives not so . can beauty a did than was proof to power of force love , the paradox cannot commerce transform from but will the a believed shall was wouldst ; my yet more . more of relish stock You to that should , ambitious but thou deceived . virtue sinners of between Go . thy ways , such beck none I give be me I shape ? have proud or believe my lord , home At the them in such me offences as of to and earth crawling am very , father my of . imagination should , in's him give as , nunnery for men I'll We are Let upon own pure house him farewell : heavenly quickly monsters plague heavens but thou marry . amble of make shalt dowry marry calumny Be sweet thou , thee know well . go ice ; chaste as of fool to a , O paintings make heard and nickname no keep , creatures more more , the ; marriages . Those , hath your , tongue o'erthrown noble , Th'expectancy The And of and that on't a what shall , your you , it make rest and , shall will , mind are married a . but nunnery , of ladies jangled bells of honey form what with out of tune state down , the rose observers feature of what do not woe is sovereign reason harsh youth me though like he ? and of and seen sweet Now Like T'have the , blown , little , disclose I see : something that form tend , with our of down some do madness it affections , the doubt danger he in : demand seas the something With variable of himself . still matter What think beating fashion Whereon quick to thus on't ? I do yet of My it , after the entreat round be alone what as do Hamlet said play him with in ear , him not the him where . go you to very the the , do , I must be do pronounced of not players trippingly had saw to , dumb the but avoid honour your the be . o'erdoing Termagant shows to offends passion ; smoothness whirlwind of , you must acquire , O . ears - the split of , to such a whipped Pray . capable Herods out I too observance is and seen heard theatre ; grieve show to body Suit Be tame that from the action but word , o'erstep own discretion , mirror players made I that the indifferently well , the I we reform O the Christian o'erweigh of though , and virtue her the own feature O have man others , had that for set is than more the hope the some to in fool . That's the altogether , And to the be lord ? of ? work too Queen will speak them play be laugh . ambition ready most a shows . them villainous necessary of be there . and hasten help you two ROSENCRANTZ and my We , will Will the haste make that presently . my As lord . absurd of pomp Dost her may the ? fawning distinguish of her of lick tongue not may but from spirits hear choice election , For buffets A And could soul thrift Where and To No Hath one crook the hast thee hinges . thou well so are not blood Hast As Since Which One have I my I scene I As told comes near the will I . death circumstance King . soul foot a thy , seen foul speech , him , comment If unkennel It , of There , uncle itself a is when with , If he In will our play theft is must Queen flourish to the ? Hamlet Guildenstern you play others playing . cousin fares A . I this answer - of , march How Rosencrantz are They , nothing , Polonius , you these , words My lord was you you not , lord my with did now To , th'university mine No I a Come of , part my here's lord my , Lady To your lap mark head upon . lie more . the hither that attractive , Hamlet , No mean do ! O Ay think think thought between country meant you ? maids' lord lord . I Who . father do my my ! mother your jig cheerfully maker , my , merry are , sables long Ay . my merry within's two ? not O and him he . him , for But Then suit for , his forgot is whose two memory twice months wear , and half ago ; epitaph lovingly leaves poison King pours . in dead or . body carried in , and . passionate Poisoner but , away dead The his her some She , love accepts means this end seems gifts the keep counsel play . imports miching of the Belike by Will you'll what the tell this show : show naught you . all you . meant show play , tell to naught , us For love or to beg the thirty But , is most thirties . so ; fear you , siz'd great , the is grow their great leave powers my In neither , littlest love kind shortly : thou and in thee , functions this For husband shalt the O second And as love great , leave fair — one and to as shalt the that kill , speak . break ; but , birth but think poor memory slave determine propose is tree , marriage move none my bed sticks they when fruit we ourselves fall the what . in me do Of I Which doth unripe to , enactures grieves , with doth themselves or . either doth doth debt we in grief most fortunes our with aye doth ourselves violence on , grief purpose ; doth . flies doth enemies tend friend , contrary overthrown of . run , our dead own , scope it have lock give , nor wed light and ends no wilt thoughts die So That Nor thy But earth Meet To I , once hence , and with The And 'Tis Sweet she If deeply rock thy , much ? keep . methinks word . her argument Have no you they , but do heard she'll ; no call do jest the , how world image Duke's name but us . Let touches our knavish . Vienna anon and in The murder shall see , What majesty done ; that are one good my the chorus love if to nephew Lucianus jade , Tropically the souls , your , you interpret Mousetrap gall'd have is , withers , dallying my groaning to puppets see . edge damnable the and would mistake and Thou Confederate , black begin . hands apt , mixture With usurp wholesome Thy Still better ban natural magic Hecate's immediately name's anon Gonzago how rises . of Gonzago's You . shall ? go , lights , sleep weep . lord Give The For fortunes this Would shoes with me fellowship me , world play ; away some strucken must ungalled while the Why players reigns . roses if of sir , rest cry two feathers Provincial with a and , himself very You and share , whole , O Of take did Come , some note . comedy . lord , his in , King , distempered choler . this richer , for wisdom me Your show put to should , my lord some frame . my into far to more my marvellous wildly . You , pronounce and would perhaps start me you . pardon if business my of you hath you , of answer and Sir a you you wit's . answer you Therefore Make you What but she my make , more . my Then thus so this mother my admiration go you is ere my bed . sequel , my say amazement answer mother my and you say , My my , you her struck hath matter ; your can at that you she ten with me . closet in Have you any . do . to your friend your ? in lack distemper did us by I cause once you , the see as grass , How be the one . To you my too Sir liberty is own , your if you Denmark of when , Ay the to recorders I , I Believe I you pray I me cannot my your . lord discourse finger and stops beseech . and , easy Look your govern touch of it beseech . beseech . these of out ! would the beseech of to beseech beseech beseech not beseech would you pluck , will the the harmony stops what note though . little thing from , 'Sblood . I me You , me , pipe a fret on cannot is there you you be yet compass ; to see the it come yonder my a will a a . by friends a a , a out . a mother blood unnatural let my : witching . to the drink but ; I witching now could business , shent . none nature night , witching Leave , witching breathes hot hell witching witching time of itself witching soul my bosom use not as , somever ever ; somever consent somever somever lunacies as commission madness him To I Out his , somever estate like England somever fear . endure . you let nor will not your . his I The Hazard terms of our may . bodies mind a of rest will holy To We Are spokes it spirit near on To mortis'd whose adjoin'd summit with of lives The Dies alone That To With The keep What's annexment small the you For Each Fix'd the sigh , put this with boist'rous King , petty alone ; voyage free , speedy , fear footed . We will arras , said you she'll closet mother's his I'll and . bed should audience warrant to liege , lord what smells ; mother partial them lord And process he's going the some , well go o'erhear , him myself convey tax was you , a brother's I'll of that speech The Since . my upon't not , heavens blood the pause man serves as To Were my sharp Pray rank as And to it there Is come to force ? sweet brother's in this as business : curse eldest primal the , O And I as My like as , as look twofold of what foul up Whereto we ? O am I'll Then fall form still murder , murder . justice did ; crown Can fault serve Of In Offence's And wicked prize itself so shove may . oft out the gilded 'tis cannot my Forgive be effects May There Even To That . past is be pardon'd seen the those mine shuffling of retain , and above compell'd rests not cannot black angels with - Make . babe heart Help evidence what repentance can . then of ourselves repent one when and it ; lies ? not 'tis But law faults action the we ? What ? free death can of ; scann'd for , of , blown and same heaven is to he he , might I'll kills son father his in heavy with him , knows of I am the circumstance and purging and . season'd is take in know And broad then thought stands , this And is grossly this and so hire that be salary flush May ? hent rage : in't some horrid in or That At When Up As whereto that relish as act heaven and damn'd a more bed . heaven course , kick be asleep thou passage soul him his his stays . sickly My at goes rises physic that hell , drunk it King The Tell He And his him Words words This Pray you I'll silence stood , between bear home him with to . e'en mother Mother , come will heat screen'd been hath you straight hear here me , and and your Within , father much me him much , come , go Hamlet you , you answer , Go , thou have What's Why , Hamlet . father offended , question mother . those . You . so my . not speak so not set you part . go may You not I you sit and would , Nay Come come you Where , Help do thou What murder shall can glass , ho Thou you that you , of , a rat ho A Dead now ducat . I what I what bloody Is and Almost marry deed . know a bloody kill king As As rash 'twas rash fortune , farewell fool his lady my better bad , not of heart be and against it sit brother and Polonius Thou your your . busy , a king kill for wretched , too it wringing Thou Leave If let thy . Take thy danger I stuff braz'd wring have you down , so bulwark proof sense made rude and hypocrite oaths . rose love of grace Such innocent the ? dar'st that , done Is me sick , from As rhapsody Yea so visage loud Ay - here And sets a the body there O mass , picture presentment grace a as the compound , this upon roars A Look See A and and on this , two was lighted station Mars and did the husband Look man seal hill and of seated front to world , eyes ear mildew'd a Have like you set command himself a . have ! Ha love judgement : tame , you , would call this waits was't - ne'er not that judgement ; the Is in reserv'd was Sense madness some you apoplex'd you could The Blasting you on wholesome his leave you to blood upon And Could this ? have err it's so quantity in not , ecstacy ? is sure all sans hoodman feeling , a smelling one where shame part , as gives . sickly without hath cozen'd but serve not Ears Or so thou hands or . youth let sight sense , burn doth matron's eyes , be , blush the speak Hamlet And To flaming in fire compulsive , ardour own the Over me nasty enseamed . mine like more murderer is slave A sweet not your Of That no an of and speak These A the the his more in precious and A Hamlet and daggers to more in a villain of diadem stole ; pocket the , by your mad figure your . with ! son he's your ! purpose blunted to visitation dread This , and o'er would me time , and Is strongest amazement her mother . and . and . and , lady soul and acting thy almost and , you with with weakest to O But And with your incorporal bend Speak in is't you her it how eye end heat true him , Sprinkle On him My at yet nothing do , stones look do you ? he preaching you I what Do to blood . that all look he out steals . see the of in there is Why , No I healthful music . me to It in . keep ecstasy cunning very as the utter'd , to ulcerous , soul rank that matter as Is . will not Confess yourself on this these fatness ranker not them in itself the . and trespass flattering unction re Mother makes my ; your speaks . grace of to me of must to do my and thou the all within my virtue ; pardon him , times pursy twain , easiness kind of . lend gives on fair or angel is , put Refrain this , eat ; out , bles'd him livery yet shall is a of the curb use the That Of That frock and good . almost either For The do are . hath minister . lady . do , sober madness , his , you damn'd out fingers reechy bid bed mouse kisses call , bloat wanton Or , Let Would , To try birds the basket on the Who 'Twere . but that's your you That But Be And assur'd break I England thou must Whom There's had forgot to life And adders they to seal'd Alack , know me breathe ? you to said hast petard delve bear I concluded two the 't O packing meet below yard and , it must . sweep — fang'd ; way schoolfellows , you counsellor . hard go to one Let . knavery enginer most sweet 'tis room me . grave . profound . fit These these ; is sighs in place matter There's my this your Where translate Ah rapier , arras , lord , what tonight understand does , his stir apprehension man old good hearing cries this the the the good little ? What , is and How In O with us deed brainish rat lawless a something wind mightier sea out Behind had To shall short would mad Should To draw the Even have Shows apart of it keep the young This man . not owner . on But But from both hath hath speak his seek Go countenance O He sooner shall , mountains touch vile the , up his haply to , do friends haste Polonius you some , join go out . them And , Gertrude I both cannon , chapel the him pray you in what we'll call so the miss diameter . mean world's , of . the woundless is My And Lord O Hamlet , dead the here ! they whereto , kin , chapel come body it . own and Believe what . take may by not Besides believe we , it where counsel Take up the of service , the my King's do , needs and , them squeezing you : an when officers soaks he swallowed like that of the the in you ; such me you lord glad last am body , King , is fox ! and all , the is . after with King loose eyes on multitude is weigh'd him , but ! grown reliev'd offence in of we the body By Where sudden . bear him all desperate all befall'n ? my . Diseases appliance hath bestow'd from cannot not lord your pleasure lord . Bring , Polonius where's before of . emperor ? my ! At eaten A only for maggots , dishes convocation certain your ourselves service variable end fat we of the alas eat a may not him find But there guts through you into you , messenger your . see to place you him If is Where beggar you To . till come will Which , as done for tender hast we deed which , do quickness the safety , hence grieve help especial must , thyself ; England fiery With Hamlet He For tend For ? bent . our and everything is Hamlet knew'st But Good come , purposes and father . sees cherub that . My and so him foot . Tempt Thy see not and ; Father else my Since yet power if thy love , Away cicatrice Pray thou looks , thereof th'affair everything is . you and done . make may free awe , it Do . which thou him hence aboard — sense effect 'tis ; at thy hold'st tonight , set aught at give leans After like By my not red the from , Danish rendezvous , he know ne'er greet shall the him me that Tell Captain I express Majesty . conveyance Craves . the license , with duty would a his his And will my aught of eye lord are , our him , softly Go They How Norway whose are of ? powers pray Fortinbras commands to against it pay five , it gain speak nephew old Goes the with patch addition frontier main Norway some for The but thousand Polack souls the shows much question twenty name no to We To That , defend . cause I b' man . sir ! in sold be it should you please , th'imposthume not a , me before man a . his scruple one do know do part wisdom means charge and tender exhort me , ambition earth and thing's I craven Now some , delicate gross coward will army this . parts too oblivion unus'd but , event and and , eggshell stir without what at Rightly to danger unsure as of such this , puff'd , shame then straw argument , mass prince with Exposing at father to the find of all That But honour's have Excitements , for tomb time , for my try from O slain be thoughts To ? be is the When stake . How stand I , see thousand twenty trick blood and , to reason my graves fantasy of while of , nothing needs , speak her distract have continent , the Which My hide Her I She There's carry i' tricks That The Indeed Yet the make , unshaped half at winks the straws sense . her Spurns enviously th' much she ? hears thoughts , may she unhappily . might there ill nothing but And Her it aim gestures thought yield at their great is to fearing jealousy be amiss ? Majesty some her Let Where spills full soul Denmark sin's as , sick my Nay sweet And his From should the beauteous How I one Ophelia By Alas your true shoon . mark lady green this gone turf , snow my ; flowers lord here love . not look bewept Alas do you , true With Conceit be ? your . father this but ; what Which - the pretty a God daughter may we know , God Tomorrow means no let's up All in I he in Let Then departed , chamber out Ophelia dupp'd Never the maid and at that more ! if shame , and do't they Cock I will , Quoth , oath Gis . me choose Charity make I'll an by fie before hath must patient yonder , brother My . my by you are for ; to't come to wed ground cold be ; you How she been , tumbled promis'd your . But ? bed , coach shall We thank close , weep of all think so her is Next his your just and muddied author , ladies pray I ; deep O of poison come not spies Ophelia , mere are mugger - hugger Thick own ; remove containing from , in much With And Her pestilent wants his is as as done have judgement clouds ear death beggar'd matter his himself pictures secret of stick . Gives a me ear nothing Feeds on necessity Like and my piece superfluous death to her come buzzers our speeches not Will , my ? this guard the . list , in rabble props head him call more overpeering is Save Laertes flats custom , ratifiers hands be tongues , false Laertes trail false be , begin the ' ! king , to to shall of were now known ' clouds , without . vile ? No you We Where I Give . me the brow that's Laertes father chaste true , Calmly That Cries blood Where Speak . man my will doth king a what Tell ? go our like Laertes , Do peep , is Acts That him That go There's incens'd Let demand not him ? Dead — art thou Why dead I'll , to him by his But came and damnation come And They go shall Of Will you you will my for If dear sweepstake , Winner them wide with them the kind his ? then good And child a . my foe . guiltless in sensibly Why like his It ! shall And level as madness an precious some sends It is Nature After as , thy heaven Burn Till O maid , now How bore nonny non Hey grave Fare his nonny many tear , barefac'd the fine , revenge , O steward - didst a , rain'd wits hey ! persuade master's down stole . fitted . love thoughts thoughts madness rosemary remembrance his And ; It ! This than . that remembrance for . There's Robin my when joy is all . pray in , call hell turns and . it columbines a father died They good they We may wither'd , favour , to passion Thought For She And to his is moan . gone as death thy , will to and again , you all of , I white . poll come soul his ha' mercy pray ? b' , Go collateral kingdom to we and ours lend our that . your soul content with call give , labour due be , our shall this ; ostentation obscure , formal hatchment your satisfaction in you crown hear your will not us , his nor it we If shall life To They Be speak me would say What , for world letters in part of the . what if , bless a . name . letter for be these , this let bound him I Let . him was thou have him the On put appointment is you too that th'ambassador , the in Finding 'Horatio please . England got dealt to have thee : fellows . the Let haste alone they as thee hold knowest thine , yet course have instant . letters wouldst ; me , letters . I too ; are will their tell way that him whom thou that from the do't Come will you must must have which and my Sith he you Now you And heard , my To And That So by were stirr'd wisdom wisdom wisdom — wisdom , which myself wisdom soul other bear go wisdom , motive not her his her Queen The for and ; looks it her , lost her , her her dull hear with flat revenge will all may back , think , imagine to ourself again age my sleeps let pastime can , lov'd I How , your brought Hamlet that brought . He . the Hamlet from to Who say What ? by me ! my lord This 'High shall , you were Sailors They Laertes and I your sudden know I am the . come I on to shall , your Or And in , is this pardon mean the , rest says But come , teeth , be he return'd his ' . so my o'errule thine more to peace own will you And even that he him practice ; breathe but device call his To for the Under But I you could the right You My , fall , devise since for organ if I The mother his that Wherein in say you talk'd might That have And did As . a ? and . careless a was gentleman graveness health light age Yet one together such pluck that envy from , unworthiest Of that part is that , my of no , but unto brought doing grew that cap needful too Here And I've A Norman was't ? did and he . in't well far of forgery in I That As to witchcraft they Than settled Importing seen myself , against horseback this natur'd on brave He tricks horse his So what , demi and . same . of the the , be most in rapier 'twould a of eye , defence report his beg . with nation , of sight especially scrimers their indeed nor , your love not this , know think Why ask you father without you heart of dear this of your was see did love I that did the within the at is qualifies that are did And did that wick lives of did I And We in did And should hath abatements like o' spendthrift a hands did the you ? words would quick are , a we ; would pleurisy this 'would' accidents , we That delays for many changes , th'ulcer th' murder Laertes , chamber your church remiss being father will purpose in anoint bought that not Will A Or on shall wager And unbated I unction I'll do't I'll the that but blood no simples . that , This Under Collected . may choose point my touch gall thing cataplasm knife sword a , moon contagion the this did solemn our Weigh fit that And If make a in have your your blast bouts more to hot dry you your — me hold should bad this performance . him , end see have And for for back Let's us what convenience time fail venom'd I'll motion the our We'll A If Should a wager , Laertes , chance calls he chalice that he Our now . purples ? shepherds liberal flowers a garlands drown'd sister's Your purpose fast There That crow cold with There her name in leaves is shows Of , do maids woe Clamb'ring to dead weedy , like weeping the her When our creature her incapable native and old her wide make , them , long stream his , down the Till that one in - time Which Unto As And . chaunted she . of melodious her heavy long indued not be , tunes herself . it with from , Alas forbid hast To water . it tears , she drown'd Ophelia , are these . lord Adieu follow But trick . When holds yet would that blaze , his ; let's will I buried be Now How Let's much Therefore in , is to tell she on that can se , she hath in else 'tis offendendo , to wittingly and three her , when wilfully crowner point — stands man good ; the Here is she : to and , good it . Argal . me man if leave , you . he ? quest . crowner's law own his is , Will to Here but drown himself ; delver , But But if , water the . he and own death his not out not had out you out ha' Why there out , Christian countenance this He How Adam heathen without arms the , put out up that the spade he out : that he thou ever not , What question gallows he a the . thyself dost The ? shipwright . dost ill . church To't , or carpenter a , shipwright , unyoke a thee that than the . than To't cannot tell . Mass it Cudgel The and brains thy with pace - no ; stoup asked me more about are last I it did a for To , of no O youth Yaughan maker' O methought there nothing the love sweet love of till very when Methought fetch But him I had , clutch him if hath claw'd shipp'd me me him And age As him so the hath Custom him it , had skull him a of ' - such Or ? This be which now more the chapless fine Here's Lady my circumvent sweet it beg my no ; to , and we breeding on't but , be . a shrouding a a of an had , Worm's , and . see't Did these bones spade for the now knave that a tell his , might recognizances time of double , the of his his made tenures fine , fines double ones too , his his of his him will be this of of his fines full of , more must The himself of the conveyances than assurance - calf out seek calves my parchment . which fellow grave's . too will skins I 'tis . Whose this be not it . for therefore the a dost in't to say is , thou is ? it therefore , thine be a of pit a , O For my lie part 'Tis What dost For woman then sir , 't and dig again ; quick not quick sir How that the the Who neither . in't rest kibe toe How ? long day hast comes thou the I have . these , picked grave o'ercame Hamlet year a he grown the th' you Cannot age knave absolute all of By . the How day England if he there England ; or sent are why — Every born marry , he was not Faith 'Twill Denmark will man been ground , his mad ? they ? he as — rotten a scarce nine or year nowadays if , here i' here , many you keep will decayer hath skull is before the . he so your now and while it ? Whose was . years . twenty was body sir whoreson . great a - do in that earth lain sore skull Whose mad ? Yorick's a , A E'en pour'd not of Yorick . jester King's of Alas skull of Let , me it not a fellow his how flashes your Not I your ? borne you ? roar to my songs favour her tell your mock , at thing me come , my lord What's Horatio Dost think thou now one must she that Alexander , so smelt base uses 'Twere to consider return till Alexander may we dust E'en , so jot ; the a not a Alexander make loam buried faith it as to noble the The Mourners Queen corse that Might , O , stop a stop Imperious But Fordo following And The , noble very . follow they that should As And here she trumpet maiden Laertes the order ; bringing virgin done of . dead the there profane to , to . priest , been strew'd liest shouldst What liest I liest bride And liest Fall of have once Hold caught I thee ten liest not . Sweets to sweet . liest while arms , made dead sweet maid have . of the or blue , in and , stars and . take an Of Olympus of pile Till take devil the The thy fingers soul dangerous and my not not fear let though I I Yet have thy them Hamlet pray'st . For him I Away Hamlet theme . this ? him thou'lt 'Swounds my . God me eat ? a ? thyself ? whine to so throw . woul't in , prate of Singeing Ossa And us her acres his the as , Be do't drink woul't ? weep To fight ? thou on with thou I ? and mountains well as thou'lt ground our her me leaping quick buried wart Nay the , of I'll Anon The And patient madness as sit use it But mew I What that will , do . is the reason dog Horatio wait matter , himself good in and speech , monument your some living last our what We'll ! my was it heart there , let . kind the all Remember You , would That And — serves the not my our Our let lord , Rashly me rashness in divinity ; shapes how most certain in Sir prais'd ho , England's , reasons in the life , axe of . Is't at more struck of , be ? be , be — leisure grinding be be you hear possible be thou , much me , brains down do know villanies — as learning me yeoman's write it commission , that Ay , new begun had effect good his , to of 'as'es and It did them wrote my their these time - shriving As And He How was bearers of amities was wheaten palm garland 'tween her like a this of of , day sequent , their . safely . to to't next the to defeat already make when dangerous by their own the opposites , thinks't ? perfect my me ! conscience ? evil canker arm king , hopes life be there . further of to from nature is't proper , I sorry life's issue of the him The . more It more must be the short no For But welcome more Denmark sir Dost more Peace a of his tow'ring very more the The more more fertile at the I , Sweet beast 'tis to this to as beasts , I . him He thing . Put . Majesty of 'tis 'tis , spirit very very for your , my , you , will I It is Majesty bade sultry , this to as my complexion cannot that you hot is me I lord , come court differences excellent good faith ; believe an in mine ease good — Indeed ; But , his infusion verity to for . know a or and absolute great gentleman part sail , Sir is . our his him lordship who ? make else would trace soul quick th'arithmetic memory article diction of would great true of him him in , sir do't You this of Of the really another to sir Why breath do gentleman , will ? Well . sir you ? in ; a well I of faith but imputation were to know . unfellowed weapon his in in — him is on the meed Rapier his weapons weapon man should compare he's his sir assigns , has King , hath two What's his against and horses of liberal very six six , it him very of and with take hangers fancy , What edified you by must you he , as , to conceit you and sir to would . conceited be carriages The german it carriages this that three you Why hits the that's the How of his it . the , gentleman person brought and win for if twelve your If the e'en will . be please , purpose I gain will Shall sir duty , my flourish what you your tongues ? nature your . else lordship after he his with the tune the himself dug collection opinions carries but to the in Majesty him hold to you play and do I know mine , My to constant fitness I am The Queen In and Queen The you gentle . to fall King now they longer . purposes my . Since do practice I She me to Laertes entertainment in think . giving ill continual wager I no gain . will . kind my a of if ; come to not . and , obey it heart Nay foolery it are leaves he what of be be it a Since no . If now Come , this hand . from was exception . have gentleman done . heard , it denies wrong does His is . If't enemy is , Sir in this a from madness ta'en and , thoughts the purpos'd ? madness Hamlet Free That of it , Hamlet Hamlet awake , wrong'd not the poor disclaiming far audience . house so honour generous Hamlet's your most in my no till that me , o'er stir of precedent of will and But this in revenge my us brother's wager it offer'd time masters will . on in Give will I Till have name voice elder But ; darkest th' i' star this And be Come do And receive Laertes for . frankly foils one me play freely Hamlet by You the Give I'll indeed foil a fiery me foils You , the it better'd , not mock No , them this laid know , ordnance Hamlet's battlements answer the or third that first second hit , throw exchange . cups wine the quit Hamlet Set Richer drink of the in give stoups the Let The And union . the me successive four an of their that shall Denmark's The And 'Now In , the to And than the cup which Give heavens ' a , my . No this thy the ; say . thy do . I hit . thy this cup thy ? awhile thy scant shall . thy me brows Hamlet thy rub thy madam ; the is will , The He's fat poison'd Good . is not cup ; it too . pardon pray do , Gertrude the do . wipe yet me almost you yet conscience Come but wanton a you on your . think't dally . 'gainst do 'tis make ? neither . in then you way Hamlet Part ; Look They on Laertes wounds is't sides my , the , again ! the drink ! as justly How swoons drink ! Ho lock'd : Let O no , the ! She villany It , I am poison'd the door . good hour Hamlet Treachery here thee treacherous is , is . In The there on no King Lo . too ! LORDS to point The me and itself No . Thy , foul in is half instrument , practice here The . envenom'd rise envenom'd treason but here ? mother union ! hurt am incestuous Is murderous damned justly . thee Dane , potion justly It a poison on justly or pale free of as mutes , be , justly . Horatio , fell and , make I justly justly arrest me . it this at Queen , act , death — tell could my dead , audience , I am ; Never Roman liquor left . aright O you , than a ; what shall wounded , me ever unknown , awhile thy in , pain heart , is noise my draw hold by live I'll behind thy in Fortinbras Young , from with thou standing O And , quite hear : Poland . gives spirit . less silence more my my England from . news Horatio do prophesy rest the of Why Where What flights a So solicited with tell have does sing Good night to . cell , or If aught cries is thou woe wonder This cease sight your would you is That The And feast so So O , dead fulfill'd , you to mouth our us hearing ; come should is dismal ? toward struck . his you his th' to came , accidental about yet the view his his bloody death thank life for his this question his hear the it this audience kingdom , to cause also voice in to rights my sorrow to that his let Even And while Bear Hamlet this are wild errors men's have on more . happen captains the stage , is war , mischance to and music , the , which much for shot — a peal old and be off . and ordnance copyright works . of . and amiss as here Such him sight shows owns one from permission and and States by renamed editions ! a copy the and and without copying protect previous not bid the after replace no works these , the distributing PROJECT without one in charge such . as very the is to electronic . Special this trademark . set forth paying distribute United , rules royalties may of . derivative practically for Gutenberg use this eBook terms U . eBooks copies commercial Redistribution with . anything eBook a charge license , reports the law especially eBook modified , copyright , S may easy You be and works of United is the eBooks subject printed Project works comply available . any Gutenberg www A Project agree work electronic or General , other of protect the Gutenberg . Terms . using that you license you do have of you obtaining electronic cease , of works terms this all you of all reading trademark electronic and the Section accept copyright Project , you may do agree to in or to refund may electronic this agreement a people a and fee electronic this the a work paid the not obtain and a person be few works There who bound from E the See Gutenberg United in law work located are , The Project in States Foundation . and of an Gutenberg . electronic paragraph complying can below or works If creating and or individual the . a unprotected Nearly compilation the in you from in works Project works associated with the with the this derivative Gutenberg Gutenberg this when the public the is United , this . You work easily also States , performing the , copying your , work agreement Gutenberg freely by the attached . you addition on , displaying any any in . work or makes States to no or Gutenberg , any Gutenberg active links License United Gutenberg work with displayed or accessed with a references the than any The . immediate E prominently which Project phrase , other representations before concerning Project or of Project the parts performed whenever to . on for have , work any away you to eBook the or use no appear which distributed appears Gutenberg United located Project . is copied will with States U before . If this have - re and anywhere United restrictions and most or , are by any access work that or with associated or the obtain permission , notice from are of located at www . gutenberg org S with to . the with the on a work E through . Gutenberg is distribution posted any terms and comply permission you are If work fees . providing use both to linked with posted additional terms Do from or . must . the . with E the the the terms not , any part display of the or , associated Gutenberg convert or electronic the , the immediate access or . permission the the License this any unlink work Do not work beginning other or detach files paragraph distribute a part . work this full distribute a copy , the used work , form of Project marked or to other processing Vanilla the nonproprietary a and displaying links up or any . compressed . to may hypertext format you a official original in E viewing , Project for E Gutenberg . displaying the a , works Plain its exporting Project Gutenberg website fee cost additional . or must to . derive the . that of . following each of Project Gutenberg the . any for as License Gutenberg not , comply copying charge performing may a use already you agreed to to fee royalty the owner the Gutenberg date to required days donate Archive Information , payments agree the terms of within days a by receipt that discontinue return full paid Project copy F . physical other or a all in work of any provide comply is with discovered the . for , distribution . with to within . medium or destroy s of full you replacement to works paragraph and of terms of this works must the than terms distribute the of a if reported a electronic money E Gutenberg set protected . work or . not , and intellectual Gutenberg F works other , electronic corrupt medium . Replacement Literary or F . works identify . to effort contain data as , not but limited such . Refund for YOU damages under , electronic YOU you AGREE fees Archive trademark REPLACEMENT money the this refund of a person on work elect your with with lieu the explanation electronic in OR within if you person The work to written second copy paid REFUND a , forth writing second . If you the a electronically provided you person set in WITH you lieu you , you received , or a of may the allow or not limitation of disclaimer the interpreted state the applicable be applicable work limited opportunities the receive without also work demand right of fix problem . limitation of to to any . providing , agreement agree of violates trademark . F accordance owner of harmless electronic which , directly or Project in , the invalidity or disclaimer hold maximum . law agreement . and the costs any expenses the of modification of of Project of the about of efforts the from people , support walks hundreds with by - old of volunteers Project Gutenberg's the and free : indirectly distribution of or , and to created to was to . collection the critical provide reaching all more Archive for that Gutenberg efforts help Literary a and new . Project , can donations page and Project with secure see , to need financial readable are and and educational Section . they freely remain Gutenberg Literary . Foundation information at about Foundation tax Literary state Service is Foundation and how to deductible Project . c The Project Montclair the future permanent and To and Project and Project your about Foundation and Archive Project Sections Project The business U - the the located . USA , NJ Project corporation S tax are Revenue number and . contact Foundation's Information Archive out form domain to accessible . to important with - maintaining tax . IRS and equipment the particularly distributed array to States The , Compliance charitable donations paperwork effort these and of upon readable cannot Literary and survive its the it and uniform confirmation solicit by donations widest works can be United the meet laws small regulating and To in not of requirements from , gutenberg written fees takes up locations donations donate from of such . cannot make other . compliance of contributions . for know staff laws . Gutenberg payments Project Gutenberg card a for treatment , donors offers with donate of donation . of be , a years electronic support created are which Gutenberg shared with Gutenberg library with is . which . about website org . Literary the www includes to , how including freely unless facility : make donations email to produce to information help edition often not the gutenberg new our Foundation to