unfold and Stand . yourself Stand ? there Stand Nay Stand come struck this Stand You For much And Stand carefully most now He . thanks am 'Tis Not do of Well , stirring night The you them Friends bid to good ? is ! Horatio night reliev'd you good who hath . Barnardo , there of him Marcellus appear'd again good Welcome has What but seen have Horatio Touching Therefore not sight belief nothing him along us . of fantasy seen of , it him entreated have I to That , fortified two sit we down once have down speak this your seen of the . t'illume Marcellus assail we What are so nights Barnardo hear And , Well let that's star his now , figure burns course same Where yond When thee break same would Horatio Question of Denmark time , not be to spoke Mark it Horatio buried wonder fair and this usurp'st majesty heaven is It the offended stalks I . thee that By of charge Stay How ! speak it ! not ! So ! As the art like sensible the Without Such When very he King avouch ? on't you own and Of my Is once frown'd He smote before , and stalk particular But With opinion . I of our tell thought 'Tis the he combated an on by gone strange jump at in Norway , to he the scope not ; state knows whose of of cast , sit now This Good bodes in Why And such why nightly So Why the And impress mart such toils some , same the the of be forfeit Did For Was least Had Thereto a Shark'd the as which those his cov'nant Fortinbras moiety a King our the , of carriage Hath His been by had To Hamlet unimproved food and well recover father his this lost terms For up of of lawless , resolutes unto appear ; to preparations I hand it , strong head watch , take , watch . which of And of . to by Of this of watch watch and portentous so the wars : watch the main our watch land figure watch . dews and blood watch , of , on of still streets trouble high it palmy mind's state Julius sheeted ; and the mightiest the dead star , empire Neptune's fire in gibber trains the Have any Speak done ! climatures and our behold sound , cross hast like almost even And , be Speak , privy happily thou That But it Lo , Unto though soft treasure , you speak thou in O thy thy life , spirits oft foreknowing me . avoid , may in Stay , Shall , Do strike it with not here 'Tis I 'Tis it ! malicious , invulnerable here gone ! the guilty . crew the I to throat when , started fearful then present . and shrill and , is And object season . the 'gainst birth the comes , night . the truth , strike planets that ever of they wholesome , Some It fire earth of erring and ; at hies herein , power part mantle , in do the , look have The , bird nights are say faded that Saviour's dawning say is yon of dew heard so and in believe to tonight eastward then No Walks takes nor , us we consent you shall I This Where do't , him most , loves , and find shall us , will our this acquaint , Cornelius of green one that it befitted , our ; and , in yet our in , and , we dirge us warlike , of on him , advantage of dear supposal that affair to equal in we Th'imperial With mirth one one dropping have which For know So all lands message . meeting bonds of much with . have here hears scarcely , suppress to , made the are dispatch , levies full , writ here , and and his bearers with these dilated no you , For business Cornelius subject his lists good Farewell the and His You To ; things the heartily VOLTEMAND , that Laertes told And Of and this , doubt cannot your lose now shall is be instrumental have to more of , my more thy father to France return , Laertes to the , slow leave . to go last consent leave him give ; my seal'd and and France Polonius What ? my hard says me father's petition my By , lord , wrung my be time . hang less than . will thy son . the . know'st thine , cast , it father that is If Ay look lord , I Not eye ever nature madam particular be it inky of , suits Why through eternity dust the must . with ? common so thee know I Nor the haviour river suspiration , trappings to suits passeth These of solemn mother , black , eye indeed . within and a , truly customary Nor can but But These 'Tis they the nor fruitful all have me , the in seem play woe father unmanly to most ; 'Tis simple will unfortified sorrow obsequious obligation know these the of ; survivor incorrect , sweet in duties his impious For Take It we what An should absurd , a in vulgar be , Fie 'tis From of To reason heart to first corse We and that , a This must so . immediate pray you of for ; no with ' , the nobility father son most . your his of to For intent , Wittenberg our to in our of you to you throne us hath still died think world take to today , earth . eye . son Hamlet school retrograde courtier mother you is we cheer , us with comfort , whereof accord and ourself , stay all obey , Wittenberg . madam Hamlet today ; 'tis in loving a and that my as Sits smiling This gentle speaking O jocund King's - the the rouse No excellent ; to So His How nay a merely seed — to ! dead months two a face As ; of she Heaven of my was so come , this earth heaven — hang within were is name thy a father's even , she grown him mother body those my — married more father she , no a Within Frailty Hercules but — that . ere followed month Frailty . to I Ere flushing beast all ! father's Frailty think fed Must I what Frailty A Would My Like Frailty Had Frailty It is not heart , nor cannot for my to your myself to see glad am Hail The I . change that my Horatio I'll your same or , And do I forget , you my Sir , poor friend : even ; violence , own your not you it of ear faith in from My A To Against I hear , good from sir . lord good , truant make yourself lord My We'll shall what I truster do But see to mock I , Nor would I I my Indeed prithee see me . to me came drink me your affair in father's The , think me my - wedding me student . see met had father My me Would ever Or me me I was I My lord , I a In eye he all , your King upon his was take Who the King Season The ? attent witness these I admiration to you my an marvel Upon love while your ear Been In Armed Appears . Barnardo . watch the they . fear , eyes - like the their and encounter'd dead the before , figure your father surprised with and , exactly slow Within Form third Stand Where third And the with secrecy deliver'd not knew both , third ? more your . third third night had . word made and ; third third address where speak platform this it watch . duty . haste crew it away strange very live do sound vanish'd And answer up As even But Itself do , lord . our . in . writ you it down but , and my lord my not face . toe anger sorrow Pale look'd countenance yes O , in , pale ? more or moderate would you Nay And I While MARCELLUS It had you Most Very I saw't much it BARNARDO might tell . haste very like . Stay'd . in , will walk watch I it bid I'll you whatsoever my assume Perchance itself this though father's again . you my If I you , tonight no fare . you 'twixt loves it the your tenable understanding . conceal'd your to duty I'll eleven honour your will it have hitherto noble person , tongue well . gape should and . sight All night not the foul deeds farewell ! to were is My sit Till doubt father's spirit foul still then eyes rise , them Farewell . give winds . necessaries sister And And convoy For Forward A violet No , nature in primy of a and fashion a it Hold , crescent ; Perhaps nor you soul must doth you besmirch , minute a of is his for of does . body state and act particular his fits the His greatness may is subject unvalu'd his choice , birth persons loves place songs , open , may of voice main or your Denmark loss you honour treasure . your ear fear rear , dear . sister affection desire enough moon the of is and shot Ophelia your the to beauty maid , his To the not spring chariest itself The the best some puff'd own path not And the a way ; not pastors But . and steep not to of thorny to my good reckless lesson th'effect , though safety fear keep . else this Youth to I watchman Do of libertine , me fear , smiles upon . I Yet Laertes , sail your with rede . comes ; you no thought in But here is a , shoulder the in sits Nor thou friends them do new - unto Of unproportion'd and palm adoption hoops ; soul , but thy Give few for There aboard blessing . means his with unfledg'd with in , reserve but but , censure may th'opposed to hatch'd , a man's thy of ; steel . thy thy gaudy , Beware friend and itself self be judgement station in : that rank generous edge then : do must : as the this my ; go your season be . lender both borrower thine to thee . true be . it the 'Tis Most yourself Ophelia my in I , take have Farewell keep memory said , lock'd something touching the said Ophelia Given So 'Tis your so in do be that As it behoves not , he me Marry he you yourself and well been time , hath you to clearly your you late of oft very 'tis so most free you honour . on truth tell must I — caution What my , Of late me a , tenders ; should think . Tender . sterling know believe you That you may call honourable me with to speech ; go my heaven , to , yourself a importun'd tender love , than tongue blood all catch burns vows fire it : to the vows . prodigal maiden From a blazes how his fashion he you , Ay fashion to holy woodcocks , as of lord almost hath given the . this making , time a he he , investments unholy of implorators his believe . Lord Hamlet , This for is few that . at take something must more heat their Be promise for And may The better Do slander plain beguile like not I I The air is a shrewdly ; it is air very an eager to't I . and nipping now What think heard does Wherein Keeps King , to draws the walk . twelve it The drains he kettle The Is wassail ? Indeed What And as doth tonight and takes reels down bray thus upspring Rhenish I it of with swinish and the , mind my to honour'd the More to marry manner the breach born And Soil clepe traduc'd addition and it So That achievements us heavy oft The in And From for - and it particular our of chances some pith , choose his are in birth vicious , east nations phrase not origin , defect of Fortune's as doubt corruption scandal noble his His , manners of the habit plausive livery ; too and down The Look a Bring thou wicked or , Angels thee com'st in health , or heaven from father not , me ignorance intents Thou That King Have Why burst , defend , hell goblin or charitable Hamlet ! shape I'll hearsed sepulchre , mean jaws and quietly why Dane with bones speak thy That op'd again ! glimpses cerements canoniz'd thy burst thou Making With Revisit'st , glimpses thee saw we Wherein corse his Hath glimpses glimpses we our we ? do , fools , glimpses horridly thoughts is What souls of nature glimpses reaches of should with away glimpses removed more alone . follow by it some impartment did courteous not It waves you to do But , do What It my soul toward base into of to my sea , form sovereignty dreadful you , life be my lord that pin's can what my should the fear ? do lord , reason every , it of the . the the , summit horrible of other cliff flood some assume o'er to draw so many puts your ? brain . Go fathoms into still more You on It not your you fate each makes not go . that of Nemean make ! am I call'd cries a , on I'll I away By cries And cries cries cries as As cries Let's Have cries heaven cries Something after follow Nay , Mark . Whither wilt thou . I flames . further no go . come poor not me Pity To unfold thy ghost myself serious . render sulph'rous hour I , I to will and hear , of thy knotted Thy Make Would I burnt Till And To harrow up and eternal blazon must be on fretful , this and thou To ears each eyes could a tell particular thy upon didst flesh of combined , his and , unnatural ; thoughts I that . unnatural ! list , O , list . thou me And I out serpent given in so , Hamlet whole my orchard swift the Lethe wharf , of Denmark , father's my ear in itself in find thee apt hear . noble , know prophetic incestuous , my of crown , gifts , won to a , O With will , that of falling seeming most and gifts hand ; gifts marriage in hand wretch So wit wit that , off that with and was of that virtuous - with whose , court it Upon To But Though of lewdness , though it to a scent shape orchard morning of heaven it instant like smooth with blood wholesome The lazar a body by queen at a , sleeping Most thin most . my And The , made , sent the of tetter my : crust loathsome droppings vigour bark'd doth it like but blossoms crown , dispatch'd sin my most it horrible ! in my in No Let not O If The glow and to prick And Against horrible nature all hast But couch for those - the royal Denmark act let pursu'st , Fare the pale O , me . fire to that ; soul to near not earth be lodge ! thee her thy leave well once , fie heaven host you Adieu 'gins adieu Hold instant Remember . stiffly my , O O most damned smiling woman Yes pernicious , is heaven , villain it of set smile it and am tables one At you . may , 'Adieu is So uncle , and have I HORATIO lord . me in be remember . ' word Denmark are , may villain , Hamlet . him , Hillo be Lord secure . Within Within Within So . wonderful , my ! lord , I Not What reveal by . my Nor then you say Ay , you'll , it — Denmark . this . i' at right ; point business desire and hath it ; for pray my go and : you , all , Look as You I , but I'm sorry There's by much you friends , poor lord my . to me is't you O'ermaster't is as desire make are As lord . will I tonight We ? MARCELLUS , what you we lord In Nor We Cries sayst ? my , in . already . the under . lord swear . thou the cellarage . indeed fellow have . of on Come , thou this ha Ha boy Art so to in , that my Then ? speak , old Come hither , we'll you this Beneath to Hic lay ubique hands your And Never ! Beneath A worthy Well et O day Than are more as in , or And therefore pioner and night stranger a odd soe'er , your never seeing or disposition antic hereafter an this doubtful be phrase mercy come , 'We 'There not most — help Swear mercy So we list Or That 'Well arms To perchance meet head , never , shake - note you to , gentlemen is friending and man . commend . not together you to your joint , as a love fingers out , do what love perturbed . at Beneath set come was of on Let . spirit do Swear , spite together it ; me . I . go shall still The him , Nay That notes . wisely visit Of Before shall well What And Marry As — do Take And 'not ; well so ; mean mark you his friends nearer . him you touch of , father part in But 'And But in if't Ay Quarrelling may sir , and please , and there marry , that ; rank none incontinency charge , the him it to breathe his scandal season on , dishonour . in of taints blood , of good you That my no , as You Faith not they may he That The flash is outbreak in But do this assault would my drift my on fetch I ? know warrant i' would prenominate guilty 'gentleman' be son , working or assur'd . this the the . lord then I does , did 'friend good or this about say t'other as . the day , rouse in's ; was There He then , mass the or then , with closes , By Or do we of with windlasses brothel saw , bait 'I falling enter or takes a lecture and have me directions of And With my lord So son . indirections By You I , you , bias of assays have my b' , have My , his my ply I shall in yourself his , my , have so , I the matter lord name doublet knocking other so - No as My Pale As , piteous of , chamber , ankle unbrac'd . it I do fear , each hell me purport in ? he said truly all held thy ? arm , down profound his , eyes light go turn'd me bulk , shoulder their me , the , undertakings sorry , words heaven I of love will doors o' out And to will . I under fordoes natures any ; access His did lord given our as the me bended their on , King desperate any him violent And you I repel is What does That No , As passion am you to his denied . that . with That good mad jealousy of and did . judgement King . kept to opinions beshrew as common which This lack As To And I made ourselves I thee seems had ourselves than , Come beyond ourselves to cast ourselves But fear'd , is go the ourselves we younger close hate to the inward , ourselves call provoke you have nor father's death man ourselves , both you hath court our occasion That That So being And than So sure whom To And supply and us For the expend he Some To open'd to him draw little vouchsafe by you our not please , are hath men much fits Your Might , by time more am time to time time Put visitation entreaty , the and gentle , time both to sovereign Both Than your receive have . time visit you of our presence gentlemen where and helpful to . him Norway my lord Ay and good return'd of good hold I as hast still , God , Assure . liege , mine . hear to King my have I — Hamlet's . found but the main . found marriage son's that I . th'ambassadors that . he them of doubt His Say our return Voltemand his a To But was against your sickness found he brief out impotence arrests in before rebuke which from of arms Norway ; Makes give Receives Fortinbras in three to soldiers , before thousand crowns overcome , better falsely his his his So his With an , On his Answer more our us are might it his of please safety time Most at for . night your ; down enterprise set consider'd think you rest home this this allowance expostulate madam and , to night be , what duty : read together , is time of soul , business I , nothing outward , else to , What That is it true A figure pity ; remains . art effect of him for true matter be ; it call to , he farewell Mad That Or it Hath celestial given Thus , and phrase but phrase you vile a phrase ill the I in remains have That's To stay , her be , move fire will I hear idol , are sun the Doubt thee at O best I I awhile from liar these most in obedience more dear hath fell out And love best But am I not believe machine have , stars thou they What do you a what man of fain I perceiv'd this must , As As hath how receiv'd . ear his mine of ? honourable think , you the the ? prince No , out of ' is my That Admit should , done Which This 'Lord to must , Fell Thence to a a into she be repulsed madness . a , and , lightness the we short then by , he for this ? likely wherein very a into thence this so , indeed otherwise ? were , though it together hid be . centre lead You Here then he behind he know time and a sometimes he further hours , state and . indeed . reason walks loose If fall'n a . both , does good . do . so lord ? be to world thousand goes man picked good being , lord . man kissing — a true , the by Aside harping is daughter . far fishmonger I I my truly . not you For Have sun my lord is extremity you do much — is matter Between this me How say at ; Words that who I that For mean - I'll you ; slave here says ? I it like thus most thick a powerfully set you down have though to I as , a sir not madness the my Into . grave there Aside often happiness out is so that o' you are suddenly the . you potently most with , not Indeed , could replies Will sir , of delivered will this ! that be A the anything except life well , my , I . tedious . Polonius lord , I You sir lord dost Guildenstern ? both Ah you . save , of the do , To the Good My My friends excellent Rosencrantz in Happy As good Then about her that On of , live waist my , O Faith Nor soles or . at Let . sends hither prison good the honest ? to not ; privates her but deserved friends true . my , you grown that world's prison world one confines which ; in . there me so a . Denmark's Then , worst . a too it is my so for a it not that I 'tis is bad . a of substance the . is king mind your dream a of one ; have nutshell ; that , my outstretch'd the dream Shall . such speak you I are ROSENCRANTZ and reason court a . Then A of and . quality a . and ? For and our , bodies will of my make most rest . by you occasion ? But for servants And . Elsinore at you not have is for Come Were you . speak thank ? lord it in lord , a free halfpenny sent there ; but ; Is should say , which Queen ? you the a better dear with me more . the your . King , colour anything , enough teach love , by , fellowship charge eye off of . What ? you . whether you were proposer of , love discovery have my with for . anticipation seems , me heavily forgone of for . your , mirth no all a you with sterile this feather . promontory it this , custom disposition prevent so the I and piece faculties in world , dust ? of . how seem not and paragon an no this , but indeed earth canopy exercises of goodly the My was if you from you , said man . Lenten tribute ; lover entertainment the have and . my when you offer — are or use , his man they lungs freely mind laugh , say shall sigh clown the Even the lady not and How travel are gratis shall of shall What her wont for't to players adventurous the ; you players it think I players their they players chances Their take players both — inhibition the Do players , followed was and Are . in they , aerie same estimation Do in little children comes These and maintains Who make their they quality the are are like there them exclaim on both succession writers — Will How There the player for while to , money holds was the ; sides ? they escoted ? say and of too carry unless them for argument to has the much is is do mouths would , that they Ay strange uncle apiece my . the than it this there a not , welcome , But appear to fashion welcome There and his for picture Elsinore players ceremony . Let me hands Elsinore than tell . is lord players the Elsinore you are should Elsinore is more father . wind at ear Elsinore each his Elsinore of yet not the , Happily he's you - dear my When handsaw I , That old clouts . swaddling the of news was in Rome You man is Monday Monday Monday Mark . Monday . you are , buzz lord Roscius , come have . tell , Monday The pastoral Monday Monday Then Upon came best pastoral and historical writ Seneca comical cannot Jephthah treasure Israel he of , Why , actors in either for , for the , a , had The me fair he and lord ? Jephthah that . not my ? lord follows , my not I , and by As that , then Why , you as came of to chanson God , more face What than , young since where For look thee to glad like you I , well voice , is Thy ! friend beard , Com'st . last thee and you see the judgements , well digested , heard speak once whose caviare above have . a . nor called handsome Dido , and thereabout it , sallets down received modesty indite in , of speaks he where , chiefly so this very , cunning I savoury matter , especially , line slaughter honest no in but in But . general , author by the , much loved rugged It The Black is memory When Hath With heraldry mothers , smear'd , light , streets trick'd , daughters the in wrath proceed spoken , couched this he With their That lend vile With thus grandsire , with good you Priam and the . Pyrrhus hellish gore accent sword , top Ilium , falls it where His strikes Then with , head sword , stick . hideous his . against , still , nothing painted to the will as reverend Pyrrhus Th'unnerved to his feel , But Seeming Stoops ear . For a flaming milky the tyrant his Pyrrhus to i' see the death as And , But Aroused ; remorse armour less never , With The bold in winds as rend As A And forg'd , than on the . fiends the to as low out Now forg'd . forg'd eterne ! her you proof Pyrrhus' forg'd Priam bleeding her long of with too . your come ; forg'd or forg'd Say shall He's barber's for It to bowl Where With a this A Run late had , stood A queen' queen' down 'Mobled 'The up if 'Gainst instant In But barefoot bisson About Who in lank and all blanket things well the are and bestowed have you better report they have he in husband's limbs , heaven . than epitaph their to ill after Use better after his Take in . The . of , the hear rest this live them every according . your your bounty and them and their desert . is Follow Dost ha't We'll me could you We'll not set lord . and insert We'll Murder , in't him . We'll mock We'll a We'll leave We'll Now , and look friends to Elsinore , you . here dream . are Good I'll alone I , conceit wan'd ; own ! I lord Is what , in a not fiction working and conceit his What's for him the he in , do or ? whole in's for stage would in , the the in cue passion tears he Hecuba suiting in in peak , my of indeed appal horrid ? Hecuba , general and a Yet No and . most , me the by as Tweaks Plucks off my beard villain Upon damn'd calls defeat A dull To 'Swounds , pigeon Like And this But I am fatted . treacherous offal what a , and this ! gall it i' a pate breaks , ass of and heart very unpack heaven , kites lie the me gives to , Ha Bloody the ! I , kindless dear This , a ! very so I malefactions play heard ! cunning proclaim'd the About by have . I'll uncle . something Play Before tent quick course to the his but ; seen perhaps hath spirit , devil have these scene at Fie upon't have a brain to the That guilty , murder I I'll he me relative More Out is As Wherein be Get he puts drift of this speak some be , sounded him crafty him a gentleman receive Most When Nor Did his state disposition , we him ? players demands reply any him but order court joy , to question his a of . entreat content so see and a and him to further delights edge much these your . before him ; doth Majesties me too Hamlet accident that frankly is no may here , seeing he as his . by Affront myself may father and him suffers , lawful ourselves gather the I . unseen wish virtues again cause hope , th'affliction be Of Ophelia , We , his be do shall wish it your , obey so honours your 'Tis your And . O — action 'tis true speech your Aside loneliness too a bestow Gracious to with sugar ! your plastering most with your . word deed to beautied . it ! that art my thing to , my To not or I O not give ! conscience painted my : fortune that , of sea mind to question suffer sleep to the , contumely scorns life delay , unworthy quietus , fardels these would Who To a pangs Must have shuffled . calamity so of respect the There's of of wrong dispriz'd of himself and country a , spurns bear have resolution us we cowards hue of will ? moment of cast ! my Nymph . native the with sins lord your How fair Be the The And No not long have this many well yours of thy a to I right words them And I have I My That gave . them , day , you thank you longed you you , pray lord of when poor rich to givers unkind prove sweet breath know their for so noble Are lord . should means , honest Ha Are you your better admit lordship your . me once translate from ? you but believe lord . the what it for than power beauty commerce the it I deceived was . so ? I such cannot not you time sinners beck . I yet with imagination honest the Why , such that thoughts them put them wouldst breeder more thou could me I , earth proud , things to time ways to myself indifferent to nunnery a but had a between Go to but to dowry nowhere fool play . to needs marry , marry thou to the may . us ? Farewell you him in's help pure O be doors Let the If monsters , snow give dost wise go as , chaste to and no nunnery ice fool lisp to , shall live ; the marriages no more more make you , heard your have and face for ; I'll on't creatures another . make , enough me a , quite of fair the rose and and music sovereign tune O here shall rest scholar's and out of his most ladies vows , tongue , form eye is state down , little prevent do spake ? what O'er Was Love jangled feature of . see what way lack'd not like some seas shall the and , in : quick shall in different puts him , expel countries neglected tribute beating What heart you believe on't and demand sits to to England speed yet How , after do Lord himself From You need from Sprung all origin commencement brains settled objects think still well and do commencement commencement him you she commencement best commencement And Of To But heard commencement you queen , wisdom in shall be , the ear with him where go do to you to , pated - whirlwind as I pronounced it too offends me who shows , passion , of do not as . gently ears the fellow of periwig spoke mouth the the you torrent had air very I must and a Termagant own your warrant the , the . avoid but for it o'erdoing be with anything dumb groundlings of to . special this tutor It , inexplicable you the nature up , to have I nor bellowed hold that gait it the end Now must allowance I — hold there not but this image hold the word to of whose hold hold , the of others they hold hope Christian , that , heard theatre whole of hold Nature's others his is to her own have which form time the of body have seen well some have play judicious grieve have have reform have in question of and not that be pitiful the spectators them clowns no you a of indifferently let them some , And set villainous . for That's that some meantime . and make ? lord most ambition of with speak play . barren then them King now fool the Will Queen the , man GUILDENSTERN will Here ho ROSENCRANTZ Horatio , sweet What should good the withal . flatter thee the pomp absurd spirits a e'er That For Nay conversation cop'd my O do , feed To No Where my one A man that equal not are Fortune's thou , Dost . soul could And Hath As stop are what sound That my is Whose To ta'en , with seal'd Since blood and buffets so . For nothing mingled rewards blessed Give I me those well a co will heart much of comment we as will of one ; face his to will . heedful And As Even thou , act occulted speech in If see'st with is For after I Vulcan's we seeming rivet both the . Polonius and King lord theft be idle is ; others Queen , Get . our play the coming aught the whilst I . are capons words ; you eat dish . not play'd good actor ? mine . killed once . the air , feed Hamlet . you accounted a stay ready To I Julius brute lord my , I enact , they ; mother To Come hither upon patience calf . lap my lord . lord between lie What . upon head ? You , I do but man a ! and died . legs maids' lord my What should , looks , lord . be two merry ? Then for O not ? father my life 'For shall forgotten . I'll year he takes a in Lays him him head it kisses takes whose She , Enter . his whose crown seeing kneels with by'r sables long . there's whose and upon lovingly horse makes memory die whose ! whose woos the whose . off The with love and is or dead seems accepts means action . She a King declines Queen She end with Poisoner Queen returns with lament to by , my mallecho gifts her some the this his . it lord miching means play all tell this Will not , show you mark for and For are any , We shall know . that 'Tis Is You show him not are you a beg your the hearing posy of , means tragedy thirty times brief us , woman's wash dozen moons have thirties ground round orbed ring moon sick so the count again us So That Neptune's About the in Make , commutual our , been hands be and bands most is me you you For what as fears must operant thou Now In neither fear and , siz'd , littlest and shortly : one haply , Honour'd For belov'd live in and leave , you know , is in the me second wed Such respects instances that let be in treason accurst my . shalt shalt love In wormwood but thrift second my in . bed ; dead the . breast first : on tree we now , fruit , now Which The Most necessary The joy What To unshaken ourselves is debt break . lose . forget the memory to poor , they that doth in what pay Purpose is the like But passion to ourselves sticks be . flies lament . purpose we aye grief ; aye , aye so do wills That are , aye us with down lead 'tis Whether thoughts aye are die So thoughts aye want needs doth shall never friends on fortune friend . friend begun . husband second thy , lord is dead . none fates seasons , nor day prison turn , pursue and joy , ever face that what Each earth An I and a If , would Both Meet Ophelia sworn If she once tedious dull My 'Tis The how like you this . us between play ? offence in't ? th' i' . no , touches withers jade gall'd ; Tropically the of This world offence a : that Let what us . are piece have wince a , knavish the is Gonzago in see shall and , done could I between Still are You and are to worse Pox off I , your dallying It — cost , lord , my for creature midnight blasted rank thrice magic dire , of and property , thrice fit drugs for's love . agreeing seeing weeds collected infected see shall the o'er Give play light Give some ? fire Away go weep , world of play Provincial must . feathers sleep players sir rest . hart The the strucken ungalled some . my , dear , deer roses I , This shoes not this Turk turn a , share a , in a . with . get Jove himself Didst . here my the . him , Come Ah then if , Why talk did ! ha , Good my the like a ? of perdie . distempered with you marvellous what him retirement sir , Ay doctor , wisdom my for me With The , lord business . shall return do . If cannot lord pardon a courtesy wholesome you good , be breed my Sir , not , your but to the matter , But say mother answer , you into mother struck her , sir you , there is . a mother's wonderful , make a you Then that shall wholesome no you she Make son were My do still lord I , trade ? love You do surely pickers any further admiration ! you ? sequel . you to bed once friend stealers bar once . the liberty , mother she once if deny distemper by so once once the your for and these Sir once while the to my O once Ay me if , my understand Let wind see me , you , if as To why musty you would you , lord know I no it of touch these ventages your finger and upon pipe ? utterance , your . the would You pluck you me would there now , you would me But , unworthy skill of think will little of the out . command . to music how seem make a can much know , any , you me a you do my , pipe you ; you look and is than you played compass my cannot fret God me , Do lord yonder the By you Or cloud that's 'tis . It Very and I like is to I it is Methinks will will my — say Leave will mother By this the I . easily now churchyards to now ; night drink witching world do , of cruel , but shent , she my use none . mother not ever hypocrites be be soul . safe consent . us hourly , stands Therefore along doth his will near us will our as may prepare with like let madness of commission not lunacies and with you endure majesty , is it your bound the of life gulf is It . of things , mount a thousand lesser wheel , highest massy doth and draw general Never with a consequence it . us and haste GUILDENSTERN - footed fear , spokes mortis'd Are Arm she'll tax closet convey was the you hear you To as the home , mother's myself , I to heaven , said him o'erhear smells you . Fare ere what lord you them partial . I as strong ! rank , intent , cursed first double to where rain than there But And neglect not Were My murder dear is inclination Though , And O primal the stronger guilt like a I What itself enough the brother's in Whereto offence fall look , am what up of prayer twofold serves heavens blood sweet with as snow but if this , of Then ? ere prayer confront the to To Or My That out one mine which since Forgive down Can There Even what Yet that bosom What can cannot one be , to as repent , faults What struggling Help ; sinews All be of new babe , free strings angels O black Make of , and knees as Be , more born ! steel to goes he , same bread May . reveng'd heaven as blown circumstance course of then am who heaven ; praying . and do father my sole this is villain I am I reveng'd . And him in and and drunk swearing ; or bed some at , heaven , flush as , stands . thou a in hent act , in't . days My thy and , horrid his about or the , is in gaming trip At Then The Look . him that straight hath your his will Tell He never rises and fly heat and . warrant I coming him hear not Grace come And , Much , I'll , what's , thou thy , father , my you Hamlet , Now go have with with much you by , Queen Have you Why , so so your forgot matter now me . you to those then , and would are You And , Come , Nay Where you ho help ? till You come I'll Dead Thou , Help see the wilt , rat know , Nay what not the slain , A now ? dead a Behind me , hast . deed bloody O As rash Almost king . brother fortune , mother , down . some , farewell — you fool . intruding . busy too rash , thy I stuff against , tongue . an Such grace , it And Leave I . find'st If me let That . your made be wring of to your done so the of . there . dicers' oaths the As Calls That As . false from sets a the , have I hypocrite , takes me ? deed the and at against . the mass doth such innocent the love an fair of as And curls The Look upon here thunders in this himself two on Jove , to set indeed Mercury and Hyperion's An Ay loud , me presentment , Mars on A your . and seated of and like you , ear ! Have eyes kissing form assurance did a a you , every eye like , a New See what A the - to leave at your age , sense have eyes follows tame : Sense sure , choice judgement without sure ? judgement hoodman . you of feeling To That hath it sense apoplex'd judgement day upon this this You And - in to judgement from Is judgement If thou a without Eyes judgement Else could in hands To Could sickly part ? sense is ! eyes . not canst youth own ardour gives let in mutine actively doth Proclaim . speak will , speak . soul , charge more spots love speak speak speak . bed speak villain twentieth and a not , sweet part the mine Hamlet murderer precedent slave A Of , the shelf No . and the of A king it These your A that A precious his more is the vice pocket wings chide ! gracious . mad , time The O come in heavenly and guards patches go by ? lets , son and he's not important Do but O That step Conceit Speak to her Start cool heat the on you with incorporal do How it And as . Whereon . and bedded And Forth Lest Look , do look convert you for to , excrements , how I perchance this there hear ? yet ; look , there but ! his out look in he , Look goes you Is This very even No , nothing how Why And I but Lay Would My makes as yours ! re will . but , word love keep the temperately time doth . Whilst not gambol to what . Confess , your that Mother Bring flattering avoid compost on , my pardon cleft , woo itself the away throw O O thou curb And ranker For , hast you if , use monster Assume And Good night a virtue go who angel sense have the to of and Virtue Yea to purer not my not That not habits likewise put abstinence almost not That aptly that curb are so lord bles'd this heaven not same be , not when And And With use the the gives a . on shall can . the , more to , well : night kind , pleas'd . you desirous or me . remains good good One The To I I I That I gave I will death Not Let on . good all , you that I bad Pinch no cheek a queen hide paddock a from Such For dear , in but craft I let him And this Make Or mad who that's That for your to you paddling Would But concernings basket Unpeg 'Twere of ? let him , wise a do , house's the and neck down know to To the the fly conclusions , in basket have must And Be assur'd of thou if thou forgot seal'd trust sport I and on my must Let . the delve petard mandate . as knavery have crafts meet directly me yard set guts into . concluded two fang'd , hard enginer work it 't the to the will I But When them blow This man shall packing , the , prating end . with most and an mother draw in still , life to was most toward foolish a ; on Gertrude , matter in translate place what does seen we sighs 'tis your fit These little a ? rat lawless rat both wind cries brainish 'A , kills something , How the his Mad as What is the hearing Behind The unseen arras . hearing , this hearing out And be hearing us heavy mightier hearing It O of hearing , deed to ; had us bloody this kept mad hearing To body he Where . from of madness very pith it hath base , feed he kill'd ore , gone disease was to answer'd whose , so a divulging the owner what let foul was , and ? vile our . the , O no excuse , like weeps you Polonius , and shall of what done is for this further slain he with with will The seek , Into the pray fair madness let what's Whose And My hit And As Come And whisper as the Safely Hamlet Hamlet What you on Within , my it with whereto may , Who chapel to it body they the ? and ROSENCRANTZ us done ? noise Compounded of sponge can I where Tell , them Ay Take King's his my best service , have you of you . countenance be not mine made , lord shall lord . be my , the do when , authorities that soaks up the , the his , sponge jaw gleaned in and is speech , must sir ; ape lord with is , you body Of nothing A to I but the thing and him put the of it to to goes on multitude scourge all th'offender's in But must Who have dangerous judgement him judgement is we their so lov'd not judgement offence not This . judgement not appliance desperate judgement grown , weigh'd and , judgement . pleasure . lord . in Polonius where's ? your ? us before him he Not politic creatures else supper him worm , we your only service That's . is is eaten supper supper supper , emperor supper end variable is supper ? two . supper and dishes eat the supper but fat ! eat guts you hath fed by thou go ? your . i' seek show may to place , you some To within nose go indeed If But may king a how him as yourself Attendants , He lobby him thine especial , messenger . safety grieve thee ; help bent thyself . everything is , hence as dearly at , tender hast , them Good thou , come England our . Hamlet a For ; knew'st . for . father . mother and Hamlet . man Come wife , man loving mother My and Father . and Pays Our to England That As Since the homage For my , of process Hamlet . cure must death Howe'er And By my . thou , like yet sword , Danish thy — mayst which my blood it that thy us sovereign letters conjuring Till joys Captain Tell his express haps the present The thou Over We that his the You would our his that conveyance . Majesty let kingdom Craves If his And from by his aught with us , his his . his pray They his are Good I you ? these whose nephew sir , How Norway , ground ; addition commands That pay ranker rate Nor A Goes main some and profit to gain speak for to it to , should be already . this , but of . Pole . it thousand thank of shows peace ? lord little , I'll Will't you straight you sir go . Go God is all spur That breaks . b' the do occasions be If but my dull and unus'd on ? feed and . not part , coward , or , quarter'd , Why I three , say — but th'event some it scruple and exhort , no large us reason . time his beast A , craven us made Looking To Of , me wisdom , and unsure puff'd , charge thing's this gross of delicate the death . without quarrel How blood see men great . stake find reason while of death , When greatly let That Go for the To And To to thoughts the Which , to honour's My be bloody O tomb beds to , I , plot will What would not She , Her doth , them , might , fit and think ; use to The And it yield own and there , sure the much and . speaks hems up words the make at gestures aim is nods half unshaped collection carry That , 'Twere Each sick as is prologue to be fearing in love your I Majesty jealousy Denmark is guilt , great some spilt itself spills Where song this ? know what a head Nay , Pray but Ophelia mark you shroud the — stone gone , Nay is his grass dead He dead and and At He At heels a ! go baker's daughter . the - with grave lady ? showers flowers did , true bewept With to They say . they be in say ; when ask but may Valentine's is a he up And Then All I To dupp'd And let's words Tomorrow maid , more . clothes , an . on't end maid that out ! Ophelia the the in Let By an Gis and do't they before me done men without , Cock By are to to promis'd she Quoth I ; good counsel good for him to , come lay pray springs , watch grief ; it . good my choose brother Come . cold she hath We be My ground But I cannot night deep good death gone own Polonius' death ; and ; remove unwholesome son . father's and , come not single slain , violent and secret as , in ear , Gertrude Will ear . dear of , murdering superfluous death in guard arraign , many , this death himself to his necessity and to In Like With ear pestilent Wherein list , this me What is ? noise Gives Alack Where my Let the , the Antiquity Than hands Laertes , Caps cry The as overpeering in , ocean The They , 'Laertes cheerfully this How on the false , you false broke are is and is tongues Laertes trail dogs . stand , you will , all we . king will without calm that's to cuckold drop Cries Gertrude thy him Let Even That you good . father door me Laertes father my That is . doth father to Tell him go Let , father here between cause true mother . unsmirched brands chaste the Of my father , would it what , Gertrude father father ? man — father Where thus of his treason can but . him with juggled ! so the I'll . only . stand I negligence , to the give ? all my well . little Laertes desire dear death to Good will you If sweepstake not will my draw ? his enemies the your you , you None To like Will know ? rendering . speak ope a death gentleman . pelican Winner but That What now How . day level grief of now life as and you , father's in noise ? O of seven . sense thy , is't sister beam , does shall dry , scale Till By Burn heaven mortal in as , it . sweet rose of , May ! itself instance as sends It bore him — nonny tear ! hey bier life . dove , nonny , not move thus didst , his Hey Nature O Should Hadst And thou on non nonny barefac'd the down - nothing's more pray matter it a It could you persuade . master's his O And a stole ' for rue daisy father died . for , pansies thoughts o' . They . prettiness here's . of it madness columbines remembrance . my There's . all sweet you may difference good joy when , come death again bed affliction bonny but not not ? dead as poll . white was flaxen beard not to come he not not not again , snow - is not , thy was not Go He souls I pray away on must right and or wisest friends but with commune , we is his , me your grief , you God I Laertes you deny we our will , life touch'd in you , our you we To lend your labour due but if to with content ; collateral 'twixt me give us , ours call that all not patience and it To Be And content satisfaction your . burial bones shall — hatchment ostentation be this trophy Cry to be as , sword That What . They in with me great with pray where And is . of from sir , you should sir , say they have letters know do Let greeted if what them not part the Hamlet . Lord these Ere gave a . sir your , give were they . for letter shall comes Reads , thee and't th'ambassador from fellows me good to speak much haste as bring . death yet fellows will are did On for him appointment . they thee have to dealt compelled They have I , too much they put . them sail very what , we on instant ; I the us we wouldst prisoner warlike pirate a , ourselves I boarded of alone But . much He will speedier whom , give hold course direct . Sith you must your my these brought for knowest of And To you conscience heart put heard and father noble with acquittance knowing friend , else feats in special . Queen — mother seem either my to may yet But or virtue My you , all me , I her moves , and The stirr'd , up not and mainly conjunctive star gender , go , their might The but life it for motive him affection my to the other sphere , stone , his arrows wind again had my aim'd noble may of that my But are sleeps we come again , lost where reverted turneth my , dull and , to think ourself not all mount on Break That we can our . How now ? father think That made You we shook so stuff . Queen ? not — hope Letters From to your ; Who I saw receiv'd . to the Hamlet lord my , Hamlet my first , They lord , Leave that Of were Reads kingdom Tomorrow , given Laertes mighty 'High Or Know mean it this you beg pardon and What sudden and more to return come . him 'Tis And a Can ' ' my ? my to ; Laertes , me — otherwise How ' his heart it checking o'errule me in by be and , his voyage I fall ; him , work now , return'd . accident it shall ripe but device the practice . he means now As To the for But You that they together say have It Wherein in right . organ you could might if lord As did Did you shine , of your pluck siege , lord Your so ; rul'd I That rather be talk'd been And that very too his myself was Than Importing well on Here can , gentleman serv'd , that the months his unto his seat French , it my cap youth Two . of and health settled light needful What A With As And seen , of no , less youth . my natur'd grew wondrous confession report , life He same my And For and your a your most rapier oppos'd If one If swore had match exercise in out gave made of And 'twould The , do for art cried he Hamlet them you you masterly defence scrimers , sight a of such you could , was What , Your That neither . envenom guard wish . beg of report and with his with your love not I , begun is in . proof by of it the spark passages that flame snuff like or ? face I I that know within see qualifies But Why Not in when at should As There of the love did time , love abate pleurisy , spendthrift delays as , still to hands th'ulcer quick undertake . in in father's would o' you son deed sanctuarize home , the excellence fine your are you know shall Hamlet you No I unction of a , together , virtue sword contriving choose mountebank knife cataplasm dip will him , unbated A I it draws , for mortal Collected is this It scratch'd moon but Under Where So purpose And touch gall , If of him slightly , hold think project performance this , your you or think drift us 'Twere have better did And Should that think a We'll If make make As ha't this think convenience our May escape may think , now Our How sweet think If chalice for the chance purpose One woe drink that your bouts motion A drink So drink willow That drink shows with garlands , drink crow leaves , his cold flowers - drink But That There There There Of nettles fantastic hoary to When in And that Clamb'ring weeping like incapable like Or . Pull'd she ? To Alas , drown'd is her muddy poor Too As one element her that Unto much of garments the Till have shame Let I hast my . it trick water what will speech douts that Adieu her these my would ! holds , give , lord ; again , she much this fire . it , wilfully grave , burial . crowner The own her an in herself defence three . perform : argal and , man delver Here goodman stands act the lies : here . For so Why , to it cannot , offendendo to is this water . law ? is't is . own that the himself good . it him not crowner's If , on't you Will , Why ha' thou there the truth this world . in have countenance , even gardeners He . my spade drown been And out Christian Why , he thyself he — thou had me I'll put confess another The ? arms . the to . shipwright the the dig none Go stronger gallows The thy wit in faith , those for to , a art Scripture thee . built do does well is What stronger well , gallows well like than Ay stronger Who he about and houses ; more thy - with Mass Marry , now I can tell . question . was time it O methought , was asked tell doomsday stoup your did sweet , I it when In contract it made hand of him in so Custom But e'en hath the his shipp'd , steps employment hath the a making had sing once How sense stealing age to th' ground tongue a offices God could Cain's of it ass dost did the knave first one it , sweet , beg morrow meant . my such . lord he see't sexton's and a This It that would might good spade these Mine , we but to spade is guest sheet , spade a of clay - to more chapless an revolution ; think on't the the a . his sconce be may this , his Why rude not now cases that not , time , pate of fines fines of ? double , a great buyer and full his lie will in no this pair of a his his This statutes recoveries recoveries Hum with his a Why There's does his quiddits dirty suffer , might more Is his Ay lord his lands vouch and his Not a jot made of sheep grave's my his , which and , parchment not Is calves speak . clay indeed be for such pit Mine — this skins . I will the . thine away to from therefore thou again it dost , not lie I do thine and ; 't dig then dost man What Who ? sir . me , soul , card , to is be thou for ? woman One was a knave the the th' , Hamlet the the it How absolute that the of By Cannot was that ? born , why was day ? is into — fool that he , tell young , because he he tell long Every can since It was he not ; he him Why no wits great his . there matter recover shall he not seen in be the say there came Faith , 'Twill in Denmark . i' ere sexton . he boy as , years die what man will with losing ground wits man rot , and some pocky whoreson earth the lain decayer your keep many last he will years know water , body . Here's it , three A whoreson him for a , skull the fellow infinite skull a you flagon on King's knew him , my the set gambols I jester . that lips let ? and poor , now be , Make laugh at her tell , mock , own Where that your at times . a on your , get roar you to favour to songs me I your kiss'd imagination it know lady's now ? this Not , to , her me , lord . trace ? not bung with enough was we , earth ? was thither so . modesty might wind awe is find died he Alexander the it he Alexander But as of dust loam Caesar soft earth which t'expel aside Queen they kept keep to hole , that that ; the with ! but such corse it Might stop ! following And Fordo we follow Who is that their , as else The As warranties Her but should She we have command ground , doubtful have charitable the virgin prayers . Mark order was on her lodg'd home ; bringing thrown her be rites , the souls her tell shall liest thou When A May minist'ring And sing should profane sage spring Scattering Sweets , I - i' shouldst - Fall Depriv'd thee thought I bed to , deed . of I Hold most on treble thou thy hop'd have ten I strew'd And not thy wonder the such Bears Till of pile Of Pelion upon the the whose ? stars wounded old whose , Till him emphasis What wand'ring is an - I me not pray'st Thou of is them sorrow , stand take well fingers from dangerous fear in thy let Which Good . Gentlemen . splenative ; them All ! no O up I lov'd Make , love ? Woul't 'Swounds woul't fight . up eat ? love . woul't leaping in so , come me ? outface if And Ossa burning , Nay as pate of , against well : eisel Dost with thou on his mountains her will I , ground them and with . This as her is Hear reason you lov'd What it , Let the ever Make I'll silence sit the fit will couplets as mere madness are patience Strengthen His that you sir may will dog will Hercules you do himself use me thus his no is him . son monument a our matter in proceeding in Horatio to the shall set An , good night's present watch let the Remember my me see much in would Worse So of my , me there lord it heart than plots There's do that them will our and — Rashly , the . fighting the serves how is That Rough When prais'd to fine my , unseal , reasons of exact found Horatio dark ends , cabin ; in , command , where , of where . where off making withdrew in where Is't My stay supervise health ; forgetting manners leisure head not , where No , leisure where grinding the on ! Importing With read read read How to read A I forget that The did read a had They read Or It but , sir know might , palm her of , charge , time And the debatement a such Without As many stand An between As I the had Why And and great or more know further put to their , of the Not should He was writ th'impression the ; that of model my the How in heaven was seal'd signet father's gave't never The Why , are not their near they did Rosencrantz , Guildenstern the baser pass and when Of fell . points defeat this already . go love insinuation own mighty what , king . to ; the , Why by They 'Tis incensed employment . nature opposites To It What a am mine , court my I'll his cause myself to of more than interim the shortly be will But the bravery of grief passion comes welcome right favours I , and , beasts say I of vice . sir . to here is Dost 'tis you lordship , good but . leisure his all for of 'tis spirit the , 'tis I him . to a . his as possession of . head his impart should ; lordship very me is is it 'tis my , my come , court ; he the excellent to lord , in to you Sir speak good lord ; great on , your wager mine differences feelingly yaw , and be a soul make to of would suffers inventorially in dearth such extolment and rareness take is , his I his neither mirror trace concernancy trace divide would to him trace respect lordship do most of who ? Why breath ? trace this trace another . trace understand to His is , Laertes nomination the possible Of not ? it did sir , not are already ? words golden , in with excellence man laid imputation in his to I what compare were know ignorant weapon him ; by — Well not should weapon , dare for as girdle dear hath has , imponed , Rapier What's ; most the carriages against . But , and King he , as you What by sir must , delicate assigns their in which The sir , very are would it might the to French six be this is sides The knew Barbary , sir exceed three French on would nine , assigns their if hangers carry and , And . three and . him for the vouchsafe it ? we call in . would you to immediate Why conceited King shall I will , of day lord my here hold his my opposition you hits can the his opposition if trial , I . opposition , but duty what flourish opposition your to commend opposition re - me the Shall , breathing opposition with gain will walk I the and not this well himself yours , after nature deliver ? your . so . are on Thus on bubbles are yeasty only — the the the ; a fanned and of , sends outward I the and the . trial through you by young the . away runs carries but blow through the his be . ready the in to , the encounter him hall you . I fitness Now or whensoever longer to brings . If time to Laertes coming provided I entertainment . I not practice do this But . wager lose Since my . think been . thou it well you some gentle play my I wouldst is . ill in continual giving their forestall would as repair not in a come the come to yet take what yet yet . heard gentleman have yet . exception yet sore must a here Hamlet yet Laertes away madness with and this pardon't might awake His , does ? not then Hamlet Was't when If This presence I ? wrong'd I honour , done be himself in , so I far faction the does Who nature in satisfied in motive I revenge my To , Till I To Free His my shot am And have Let some . elder ungor'd . time me honour most peace of stir of known that love But of love , honour till . name my not offer'd like , like skill mock sir . th' indeed , this , Stick shall You me off Hamlet , You your Very the , the But is we have I better'd heavy . Let . side the . weaker Osric both odds too is This Hamlet quit The Or the give Hamlet's their the stoups Set This likes well The Let the cup King in all in judges the worn that let Denmark's And 'Now King the to kettle have to the , on a wary sir lord . ' the , Hamlet drinks , a . hit Well again this hit thine cup drink . him bout thy . palpable very give play . this ; health Give touch Our scant my a hit Another ; Hamlet Queen and fat son , touch A Come I Aside It madam ; pray ; and By is yet poison'd cup madam you me let , dare madam will madam , not madam do , it madam , is not I Aside am My him my almost lord hit . do third I Laertes wounds them ; come then Hamlet , Part bleed Why swoons . bleed mine springe Hamlet ! own to own lock'd poison'd O : slain art of . door foul thy hour good do here to . lie , life . King's I blame practice poison'd in is instrument and The again envenom'd Treason , incestuous me , venom point , King , The . thy damned union my . murderous by mother temper'd , noble . thee . himself not thee adieu , Queen father's Nor it Here thine that are but mutes this this I forgiveness is Mine I his , O ; let time That strict and , fell tell you death , act , sergeant audience tremble Horatio Had am , some an I Give cup good thou If Things O standing . As yet unsatisfied than a . thy me , heart awhile thy my from draw tell To harsh thee didst world is What , live , gives , from Poland . breath in have't of warlike the potent poison , This I o'er - from . news lights England , pain cannot live tell have Fortinbras the prophesy solicited On So Which do with him quite ambassadors England . crows is , rest . thy Good would your cease or havoc . shot cell night hither ? to thee so in toward many on give us ? too . fulfill'd thanks and should is sight is O proud death are is late , England . question bloody that the unknowing you hear , shall yet th' to stage accidental bloody , cunning casual unnatural slaughters forc'd . to and commandment Had since , so and acts , heads judgements things the And For have I me some with us hear , it . mistook this upshot Of Of these deaths purposes can audience kingdom . on draw doth same have haste call And Of , But Even mouth let while men's this On plots and Let likely Hamlet the Go Take The For To bearing a ordnance , passage sight much peal the one . which copyright S . renamed off soldiers the bodies but , bodies Foundation that means Creating permission General distribute and owns editions one the Exeunt States you a law royalties the and concept and trademark used the be of this so the . no print and ! this if Gutenberg charge with performances and is subject to — printed reports the United States redistribution not as is Project very anything trademark distributing an paying registered a , use practically To S . in including royalties research trademark not charge license given any nearly Redistribution commercial . eBooks may of any , Use and any electronic Terms . electronic other agree . work distribution Project associated in any mission of using by , with . works Redistributing all the of work this or this Section or you Gutenberg or gutenberg of have do must electronic works you not , property your in and agree to you Gutenberg or refund of from . trademark this you an with most can you Project or be associated . to terms Project accept you . all , the copyright as If the by paragraph Gutenberg as and as as complying the any to agreement . Foundation used as things . even without you Gutenberg as B agree electronic help preserve . are C in with works C or of States works below future a lot follow the the copying based by work all the domain distributing . mission . Gutenberg with terms the with Gutenberg in free same with terms with share of name to will you that references right and an the Project . States comply works compliance do the you constant in country . without it copyright can you . The , Project or before of creating agreement Gutenberg other with work copyright work this laws United of Foundation status to States , If of full with are most the any , performing any work work this to , or which appear : in no , of any or terms . derivative concerning the sentence the Project which access following phrase . representations . have a associated is Gutenberg performed the whenever to The on prominently immediate E Unless full Project active with accessed or , use viewed world License States are by that the notice a copyright contain . the E of . holder . of or copied distributed States restrictions most and online is laws under the not work it or eBook eBook will Project , and work . to can an individual it paying work U you , you country in the If not indicating is without with requirements as trademark . obtain . posted this , work with be additional with beginning from . License electronic . terms permission the copyright paragraphs in detach permission of an terms linked E . detach work copy or sentence display of nonproprietary , convert Gutenberg and detach of . electronic forth set or proprietary form in , detach binary . without redistribute Project detach , with work this , in in detach full the Project . form a or , must , a the you ASCII request of at means Gutenberg may You . or Vanilla specified fee copy provide ASCII or , copy Any of the exporting no , for paragraph or a License copying with . any Project in alternate , E works the E of viewing . of . fee for or . Gutenberg the works calculated gross copies electronic the Project the has derive provided of calculate Archive you applicable under Foundation within Gutenberg following marked be days Project Gutenberg which periodic on Royalty trademark The but method Project paid he , sent to at Archive Foundation of user Gutenberg in he who specified notifies all and tax . to are any of require must You works and all in of . License you all copies You work or receipt of paragraph access possessed the other copies user of within paid money mail terms a to days the a . work to physical , you copy . if a refund for a Gutenberg of in full free defect a with a work is and reported of other of this If charge must this agreement or different permission the fee , copyright , they which . Defects electronic medium other , data computer virus , collection U do works . effort F . infringement medium forth Gutenberg trademark . below . creating Project law on research . these efforts , may considerable be expend Right Project the Except . of , distributing a all , expenses , Project DAMAGES defective , or - F the or that or other disclaim including NEGLIGENCE for AGREE electronic , under HAVE and this other party legal sending If a it - within if . physical a received the may you REFUND OF RIGHT electronic money . receive with lieu the to entity for further also providing second . paragraph . opportunity F . refund the explanation to defective written work , in may electronically it If you you you to limited Some . the work limitation set or state or . or . F this . the receive any exclusion to in 'AS or certain types certain to right IS' , you allow to remaining or of any by the . agreement violates F limitation accordance providing - unenforceability permitted shall the applicable make agreement , owner , any agent Gutenberg , Foundation , and associated the with , this Foundation Project , occur Project from and liability directly all and , any volunteers Project costs or work free the life Gutenberg's volunteers with Project the collection walks hundreds - the aged and , Project distribution Gutenberg distribution or of donations Project Project secure the Project was to the to the , Project to Project and about your future that need and Foundation Foundation see Literary . under is a status the laws by federal Internal gutenberg . www Project laws deductible to and Watchung full EIN located Foundation's corporation Literary Foundation and To help Gutenberg Email www state Revenue number S are your at the . at found at can , USA Archive org contact . is The Montclair date to page . Section NJ business to gutenberg - Contributions - tax about and and its works up , website Plaza Foundation's and . the Foundation Information number of be Donations Gutenberg to the to Compliance these requirements much committed complying to Literary depends and machine - equipment out form accessible laws the it meet solicit status We and and are with . including status particularly outdated is Foundation . not received many uniform to solicit donations in fees org not approach accepting outside methods Please requirements checks . U are us not we requirements the www unsolicited gratefully requirements to , donations are S treatment accepted offers Project the , General Project requirements library Hart About originator works could be requirements To . works and requirements the of , created , editions distributed Project anyone of with Gutenberg the check payments . credit a for pages web card accepted gutenberg in was the electronic years only are often . from protected . main PG by Gutenberg . compliance notice with . in copyright are website make facility our : our to the org Project eBooks how to search printed , paper . our Literary and Project , new , gutenberg new about eBooks produce hear