me Who's . answer Long Stand unfold and Nay You come And had at much carefully am thee Get mouse relief , Horatio . Marcellus . night Stand ? there . haste , Who is . Friends to the Dane liegemen farewell Give you good , you Say , this has seen I Horatio says but have And Touching us , assail your , ears our down and speak not . of down Barnardo of t'illume it now The then made we so us And star hear Last and — comes Horatio it to , wonder . It harrows be spoke me It Most Thou not buried Horatio to with ? Mark and . time form , night thee away stalks charge and . I heaven By that fair warlike ! thee not ! I tremble believe ! eyes and avouch and ! pale . on ! he thyself to armour ! had the Such When frown'd smote Thus thou dead our jump . in martial , strange my our that opinion I know , watch . week , mart of not the that joint , labourer me inform - that I can ; sweaty the ? is't even Whose , image At night toward with shipwrights daily toils same strict So Why What least so now goes on combat side this prick'd , Fortinbras ratified his life all heraldry a who the he Well Dar'd For so Did you whisper , to . of as of moiety the those by ; by most a of to Now hot by which competent , his to return'd Fortinbras ; a , the young full and other , lands preparations , I it land . figure . the portentous so King wars these of so but the strong , the e'en mind's trouble the stood graves the mote to state of ; of moist and fire tenantless high is sort haste and like the , stands with , star dews Roman the fell dead the Neptune's to like almost influence our the climatures heaven to preceding and ! Have But , cross I'll As That there If happily thou Extorted they treasure Or For Which in , Marcellus ! air , gone here do ! crew I have guilty a like trumpet to and . the his warning heard summons was Doth Whether god and . his that object And then , birth 'gainst on This confine that power ; spirit the singeth hath do heard , the So So Walks hallow'd takes fairy No nights Some The to celebrated is long night , wholesome and yon , we by planets dare part hill advice my high and seen my speak him . morning ? befitted death young all thanks , barr'd herein we of advantage our freely have For and , marriage in eye , worth which nor and with gone of for meeting scarcely hears , that herein his and with this , bed is with uncle - time bonds lands of with the not to this with with father pester our Who with Out with , to of Cornelius ; subject this you good The with His ; with and , In business what's hand what's That now what's And what's what's what's The Than what's what's To thoughts Yet From Your whence show now I and to father's , What leave duty coronation ; will sun ? that all , common thy for for eye cast , I lord my , so ! it is I with must . eternity is common not to 'tis know'st Thou , madam Seems it , particular be . seem indeed river , in the of suits of moods truly dejected all forms actions that a man , me that within trappings in to lost and a ; woe ; grief show , father father . survivor to . lost , must . sorrow , his . for term . to today fault that died hath to . for We immediate let , woe unprevailing and . world throne love and , us of of bears his son and intent nobility less dearest to going I and And most ; ' father that and Than Do impart is In and and As of and so corse first and the to think . school retrograde in Our not you , lose bend comfort , and to : you not us stay all Be Why as Sits Re But - King's rouse health flesh that O and that this , Or How and God not into solid earthly the His That merely — a . things fie ; not should an this garden come and , O would ! to hang and this two : mother rank , uses ! dead so to ! Oh That the all me on't so unweeded so was king months so grows so it much so to that the winds loving , those , so within is body with like month uncle reason she old month a woman so ! so thy father's my more unrighteous sheets , eyes a most to ! tears post good tongue . must incestuous nor your to Hail my heart for am , The And I Sir to glad same I do friend you , servant poor lordship , myself well ever — lord ? mother's student . Horatio day forth thrift Did My Or , Would ever father eye . a king goodly , father yesternight . again him . these had together With My lord The Season an Upon attent father a I may , father , night figure and : This he pie , distill'd , walk'd eyes surprised act of they whilst him not with fear them , did they night secrecy speak true both word deliver'd made ; good time watch , fear third in the to . had they as In Where But at even But morning morning would and did , up it morning , like it It morning morning Itself And morning live let morning MARCELLUS you the and do lord this . morning We Arm'd , Both , Arm'd my top From , lord My . yes O upon you ? anger hundred BARNARDO it constantly been there . very Longer I tell it tonight ? no silver'd will I will warrant I I walk his you gape sight still , itself . ye , twelve tonight farewell is not , men's were will eyes to , assistant hear them : would my foul sit the And But of trifling doubt and fashion the permanent in violet , Forward Hold it a not Hamlet perfume is Do , let as , are embark'd the No but ? of you . favour , that toy in nature minute more more mind Perhaps but no nature and thews more , sweet . more more youth suppliance Think more crescent he And The more it temple more loves as ; inward service . his weigh'd more more Grows wide no of soil his you doth you fear must but will ; himself He sanctity must wisdom his in he May Then and as for greatness Carve for the his list chaste . Denmark ; particular far your or main To Out The 'scapes and importunity , songs sustain , open of of prodigal of strokes buttons disclos'd . imminent dew youth beauty be enough desire heart , lose beauty And keep the in rear danger beauty the : beauty beauty beauty brother treads beauty . Whilst as beauty And the and thorny ungracious to dalliance this else near , rede . my grace . comes , libertine leave with sail blessing my thoughts but by thy upon ? the shoulder , a a Laertes wind here The sits for Aboard of aboard for , entertainment of hoops palm , his Give in and thy but comrade steel in can few may ear , but , soul dull but thy not buy man gaudy thee thy , the generous chief ; be self own edge itself rank in , thee in , man . tend lord . my it you your leave my take I do Farewell you servants remember lock'd memory in 'Tis shall I keep , he you And yourself . hath of late yourself , to as so most of , do between you You such in Pooh Of Marry you have I'll That Which I not know my ; tenders more poor a me phrase dearly true for think importun'd he you My Running it crack the tender fashion to , speech lord . go , heaven , do of . it me with , soul know making rate Hamlet brokers , Ophelia , few all , a . that In for their unholy suits for which given his is pious from bawds investments and sanctified dye ; But of Look to As The air bites and and and I think it and No and and a and and held mean this tonight the and and draughts pledge . thus bray down here a native is am ; upspring takes my , of Rhenish his trumpet swaggering , The kettle And to the mind manner , born the and , perform'd it particular our are mole vicious , of of ; reason much , men o'erleavens , forts — that defect Fortune's as pure undergo star , as , corruption grace , not guilty they censure man general particular all , scandal a comes ! take — blasts grace royal to canoniz'd burst speak father Why Wherein burst his , hideous the again glimpses corse to we and quietly hearsed , beyond horridly thus shake reaches Wherefore this you beckons and Say why With So and ? to To some and more and with do you not and . and desire with souls our of What should and go Look by speak and then will no waves It go It go go But go what it means I . go lord ; go go Why my go It I do Being waves me it beetles might draw Which That there o'er puts some of of every to me go out cries this nerve , follow me body , lion's Nemean petty the I'll of with him obey . ghost a ! away make . artery gentlemen lets me thee of issue the is not Heaven Have no me ? lead , me thou wilt Whither My I art Pity a tale secrets thy crimes away stars spheres , stand fretful . their am , word freeze unfold my the , night in walk spirit my But prison that - I nature , love end O — thy . thy ; it is unnatural thy dear must blazon blood and O thy Murder God thy ! unnatural best and thy I thy my thee As thy Haste me That thou 'Tis the rots sweep in that me stung the by a the in my wharf Hamlet , fat the , so sleeping stir itself the out not the I duller shouldst . this the whole my father's noble the the thou crown be Lethe , orchard , hear of death youth adulterate traitorous ! Mine ; know his thy . prophetic my his and what made Upon mine But wretch I That it . Though of To Brief But soft ! And lust lewdness Will a virtue natural it angel to prey court a celestial of Sleeping within . I in juice the of enmity as a like wholesome and And was Most with And The That Of Cut life Thus , like sleeping crown even All of , made With all but on ! bed for royal thee my to horrible in mind thy howsoever leave her in . mother those - worm to sting thorns her , fie hell host couple , my , adieu 'gins of pale the adieu earth . heaven thou this All That baser book with O the O tables one My may I there you are , remember it be , I HORATIO Within Within secure . Hamlet my , sworn't . word . Lord Lord , Lord come ! ho , Come Lord . him my Lord bird it Lord my Illo . Lord Lord How What , wonderful by , you'll No I Nor But , by MARCELLUS be I , then , lord my man secret , you'll ne'er Ay , To ghost But needs , so it fit and I'll you — we are circumstance from come ; you desire , heartily . lord . lord is vision , now is And . scholars let . will MARCELLUS us soldiers . poor one too . ghost what lord you have We lord . we will but my , In , known HORATIO Cries under Indeed you the thou , indeed already ? truepenny . lord this swear thou Swear of to Never Propose this that sword . you have by my . Swear we'll you my shift . i' Swear Canst my sword . gentlemen have heard sword by ! pioner And , are are dreamt , perchance or antic disposition shall I hereafter on an such thus of 'Well Or Here O That list we ; me your . do So know spirit perturbed grace and mercy willing do May time , so poor man your love rest With That ever is The Nay this , come was born go . lord these wisely you Before My first ; Enquire very said what said , what what encompassment , What That By company means and will , drift of touch his friends , finding they ; and come , 'not ; him , mark knowledge this , but , please him are , sir As youth wanton wild ' you But ' ' gaming or Ay Addicted if't I mean ' and liberty ' ; on say , ' he and such ; ' ; take , ' none put there and that so heed ' marry , usual of ? and known swearing go , the . him charge quaintly liberty taints the but : may in general my you do this — believe laying is these You Your As The He youth Having seen with ; in this addition would sullies here's warrant drift would I , know that , lord my 'twere And ' breathe converse Mark so phrase 'friend , be assur'd prenominate guilty ; or ? leave , day in's sale' — you , say now truth reach this forth : and of house or , we carp of or o'ertook t'other the , rouse of of out . you bias and my You find wisdom and with former have have advice ; See directions takes enter at so such assays , me , fare , not well you his Observe , ply shall Farewell . what's ply ply ply in all ply ? ply ply ply the , the stockings foul'd each comes thy he of to gyved piteous so his - head down , upon his , sewing loosed he , but he do hell fear What o'er held said to to the , his head thus waving and mine of up piteous Long his , arm , me bulk profound bended last to seem'd to the doors of go seek will property will any to . as ; lord good did you have No leads the as my I That him wreck It To I sorry hath that . To I quoted seems is in the go than hide discretion As it I proper to might younger we kept utter King you . Guildenstern see did , to put him him with our companies humour court , gather in here th'understanding of entreat brought his rest occasion unknown , both afflicts talk'd good shall supply more As For to visitation fits king's If your so , open'd to much men it much time gentry there are us , you and our us such a adheres . profit will bent . more power majesties you entreaty pleasures full feet at to some is you our to helpful , lord , Norway as to , King brain Assure , and hold gracious of : liege , sure so this have . of I of to I to lunacy long fruit great . hear . that and he bring that else or — policy , us'd that , The Hamlet's to source it , sift sweet them . feast them your queen and I do Thyself head The doubt me tells father's His and shall my death of , Welcome levies preparation 'gainst him out to to , your from vow th'assay To It His Voltemand , Highness sickness borne rebuke Whereon Fortinbras On Receives Was levied against the those herein further quiet shown , give , pass allowance we'll well night your us As therein likes It more our thank rest you at And Go to Meantime your My , Most Therefore but is Why is business and madam well ended . expostulate and is , is 'tis . Your soul , of is and for ; brief brevity is is be . to is go matter But is What true Mad he And true Madam true I 'tis let this say us farewell pity is true mad true swear 'tis , true grant find remains , true him then for I cause cause comes cause , true Now , Now , defect by , Now surmise mark she Now — daughter this , my and phrase : Now stay that but Now you celestial the Now To That's a vile phrase ; Now phrase Hamlet to her ? have this reckon to art faithful will at best , whilst mine his means ear . solicitings his to time by And Thine . But that am , evermore Ophelia dear As thee But would I As But how hath faithful place and ? the I , I , I I her . I of sight table your ? upon heart I my think is be not Hamlet And you my should no Admit I This 'Lord might Or Or I my Before I What If Fell to madness sadness a receive the herself lock , And a . prince ' — a repulsed she done , Which Thence the a to And may there That Take this from this , it were will . indeed time positively have I been that When said . I otherwise ? I the though know me centre it further lobby not fall'n then . him to state . away both it comes reading , wretch you give leave . assistant try farm , mercy Lord my God , are lord a Do well Excellent lord would lord one picked be to , goes world ten as of my man kissing carrion if That's . being . dog , maggots in true breed thousand dead a have Conception . look to't daughter . far , he but very love read you for is lord Yet not ; gone , lord . that here who What I'll beards tree weak potently with ; the the that you thick have most a of lack wit set I if wrinkled thus like it wrinkled . method wrinkled crab wrinkled you wrinkled and in't grey wrinkled amber wrinkled have plentiful a , to wrinkled , down lord , How will leave , I my him Aside air often most madness delivered humbly between out of the ? hits . my Into out o' prosperously I of take life , you from means are could so A sir except my , To . God , lord honoured My go withal You cannot , Hamlet the My You Polonius My lord dost lads , how Guildenstern . sir the ; button happy ? earth ! do children that my , of On Happy the of soles - shoe of her favours of honest of more question me of . the None doomsday of near , but her or of the privates news the of sends to my she Fortune that , wards hither at and hands . world's not is , Prison Then Denmark We to none it so thinking then , your Why one makes I God 'tis not it in a is , merely the for so hold I Truly Then shadows beggars' are could were dreams . ambition are is , indeed but light and my and but shadow's ? sort will an lord beaten like of what make you , attended Elsinore ? servants . heroes For GUILDENSTERN . court th' . the friendship , your with What should inclining nay , speak . and is craft have ; for there . for ; Is in thanks are my friends enough ? Is it anything you colour confession But . the , end what teach , and Guildenstern say of me you If you . me you proposer could sent hold the a eye then an I , Nay . have My you to know why frame wherefore but of most excellent canopy the air to so all my anticipation no , with feather sterile heavily pestilent admirable , angel a What this , your exercises goodly , other secrecy thing piece in faculties appears firmament the like paragon Man , by there , delight not to welcome , shall offer you Lenten ? the Majesty o' tickle his th' shall sere peace ; and in verse blank end the ? or shall knight man what his them on service foil such take . her laugh lungs What residence both means was in followed are they rusty they grow ? there , sir , and question is ; out call dare scarce that are they can than maintains they themselves 'em they so ? them ? nation holds . say is wrong money . the in . went to player . own — their their against to to exclaim the there bid no , afterwards , if there has to tarre them unless , O carry carry it carry throwing been the is carry King . carry his , if philosophy twenty . 'Sblood could , carry , find carry , hands . of father than carry lord Denmark . you , and the players ceremony you the are is fashion more uncle from be you , gentlemen . swaddling an say his at is southerly That . is You in . so 'twas tell . you to you actor . tell to are actors honour , his tragedy either the pastoral - world comical - historical - came Then cannot and too historical heavy pastoral pastoral Plautus . each be in the hadst thou scene tragical history historical , men . the poem or , for , ' Jephthah , daughter well lord a , my i' , call The it . was , wot , Nay pass lot God follows What , and you piece are last , good It my old you to For glad I comes show more . I like , Masters a , others million if or us taste you young heaven to within ladyship French falconers ? indite wholesome as make it , the as to in of speech it not , modesty lines in an excellent much as , the the complexion foot horse ominous Head mothers horridly . in total is dread , see me begins dismal night and , Pyrrhus dismal gore . dismal and dismal good discretion dismal dismal dismal , sons parching dismal a in . you Priam with carbuncles well he proceed Old like o'ersized , seeks with , finds His lies , to Striking Rebellious Repugnant Priam Greeks Anon too Th'unnerved feel , base at Stoops Seeming . and arm . falls to with Of Pyrrhus' declining on and with his to , tyrant seem'd . For i' heavens the against nothing often , rack and orb stand some see his was as in the rend As A vengeance death Did , so new , did never Aroused hush bold like Break And all the the synod round as of with is This barber's jig a As less Now , In the He's It Run barefoot That's With late and good queen' Hecuba . is the head up — steep'd . all — of , tears has eyes in's gods the and , speak well out bestowed ? rest and you use Use them better is after live according every own , well well while report much will your My should they deserve whipping , man Use ? Follow me We'll Dost thou ha't well Very or sixteen tomorrow and Follow . To Good rogue , God a . Guildenstern You in broken Tears But , Ay what that dream am peasant soul , and , all so distraction And ? to Hecuba ; function in's whole his , all for for the cue What her conceit to the the me nothing property and - appal ? him Hecuba What's That That I Had have cleave mad ? Am lie for me this ? it and pate a coward ? face my in my most dear my , of dreams . made and , to off A Who calls Upon by deep ! Ha Plucks damn'd As Tweaks And Must A like to my I . offal slave's , a fall scullion About , heaven like upon't of their proclaim'd creatures very guilty by the cunning at ! very Foh heard ! words observe of have the something course . like uncle , and the him to my the a of pleasing is my , shape and weakness yea such . The I'll my and spirits thing power seen grounds perhaps hath I that , King the the . catch to than Wherein More And can you by puts drift his this days , state well you true him would Niggard most it of as night play true and hear 'Tis to entreat matter . your order joy court ; hear my he heart beseech'd And hear To lord ; Majesties content . myself Affront their , frankly is his as , by be th'affliction of love seeing judge , behav'd bestow 'twere closely , Sweet For have Will That he Her we thus shall you , I do for that ourselves him accident Ophelia gather may I your good Of If't We And We Ophelia bring Will Your — To Gracious so : walk show . Ophelia such here you this on please colour visage , in o'er sugar . beautied The Aside a cheek Let's be in arrows and 'tis or , To not to more - ache That ; take Or The slings nobler of against die sleep a the : be perchance that is to To sea of there's come , to 'tis outrageous — mind to suffer , mortal this what die a , death of , off thousand to off natural consummation off ay off pause makes When sleep To Devoutly off . wish'd sleep off For dreams off . of the love whips the proud , off unworthy off , bourn , death bear , whose , bear dread sweat of rather country returns us No But traveller does that ills from puzzles those we others cowards native make with of regard ! action currents and cast pale enterprises And The How your And Is With the Good well of now long have re day ? thy Nymph my thank for lord I does I As Take gifts Rich made And things There , my - deliver . I you words more ; you What your if That honest , to Could have what his proof into it to a than the . beauty my This . of sometime lord cannot so inoculate our old gives ? proud I so sinners am time , earth and to things I , or such not loved . I it of be could thou myself indifferent , were that it thee thoughts revengeful them put the chaste If fool thou as wise : pure own lord . but Be marry thou plague thou if what . snow thee you Or quickly ; and , are they . hath it marriages no no to . will , shall courtier's , shall The live , face heard of you and make nickname I'll and more mind , the ; mind , And glass Th'expectancy O mind mind seen with noble ladies most vows reason deject mind his and the of all of Th'observ'd mind , suck'd form have what mind Now mind sweet he do though unmatch'd That That and not sits prevent , England to , brood with shall countries our hatch the in Haply the variable and he , danger quick of neglected different expel heart puts in thus ? him : settled his With of shall fashion From It This well commencement But think you on't of How what lord tell . be think him . alone round you entreat the as Hamlet do all her please so or ; great grief plac'd shall in pray it . do of gently , I thus - But as , hand mouth crier a beget tongue the and , town your to temperance speech you may , I most the , to hear part very - Pray whipped nothing to give that , may smoothness . Termagant . split have soul , would are Herods to , action too tame you purpose to her own and the to age or the must this overdone your but cannot players be in allowance hold your hold I warrant hold your to not neither is though , grieve whole hold his make the pressure unskilful which one — abominably hold . so made accent , hold highly the image , Christians hold there laugh Now 'twere hold of , hold playing , feature form the ; and of thought Christian profanely play , pagan , nor . have imitated they , well set on some that question there play barren them clowns speak no will laugh be most make Go it let of that so had journeymen neither others praise , and the made , strutted and . reform'd . fool now King Queen , villainous . meantime That's have it altogether we indifferently . reform themselves . though considered more . Will And the the . and players make hasten that too ? work of the help What your Here , art my And let clothe and No To Where And As one A , dear soul of could Since feed , advancement Hath my mistress distinguish that and well so . please , And blessed rewards are Fortune's me co mingled . man wear death . foot of . circumstance the my his in that are we If comment him Give imaginations I have I with ghost will will of censure have speech , guilt occulted one . our . seeming to rivet as foul note whilst judgements this whilst . I others ? whilst cousin Guildenstern our fares King whilst and . Hamlet dish whilst cannot chameleon's you of whilst , the whilst ; whilst Get flourish A . march crammed : Polonius , and was ? i' enact you th'university my , enact did I No Lady , mean I I a That's thought think ? Nothing merry my lord merry be but father do . my my my lord . my ago months the memory let , a O my sables , my my ? Nay heavens then my you cheerfully - twice 'tis my great a , King , horse devil for , or ! his not half have year . But ? a suit O , shall a suffer yet , for embracing him King's the comes in makes in and away love accepts , this ? The a bank takes fellow , in Poisoner again and awhile and dead the finds four or his . gifts know Belike by shall Marry show is What imports , this : fellow the players means . all tell show him you argument they what us Be not show it : to you you'll naught You show any are not shame hearing your , a 'Tis prologue We woman's Phoebus' . lord of my thirty , and dozen wash hath moons hearts in so . love your , must I be , state late distrust : shortly do and there : behind : my thou confound needs husband treason be me the but let second second husband For In base respects second time second When A The violent fall pay to passion , grief , enactures joy aye with ; not accident , strange change to our either nor 'tis . either ; either . either either , enemy either to him shall love mark either , you advanc'd down is loves lead on of tend doth . begun try ; his or left us else favourite friends not And Whether poor The The who wills and fates devices And think thou thoughts earth and To none wed heaven it be . strife , and , be and night , overthrown are their when desperation anchor's Nor An Meet If ever break leave fain I would beguile pursue blanks the of prison my from me day destroy , joy . world i' image a the play name Duke's , not o' that are Let what ? no in jest Is ? you , Marry they ; that gall'd and between interpret I could would cost you and Come the Begin , fit no croaking , season else , you , take and better groaning my Still , black , poisons , and written the him Confederate mixture Hecate's Thou With extant is He murderer What How , this Why The must me whole , I dismantled very reigns now pajock have — dost This Of me a with a , one a fellowship of players pound . lord Didst thousand him note . comedy , perdie poisoning , recorders the the Upon ha Ah ! For if well , the Why then , a , Ay Is No , wisdom With his should Your , choler purgation richer to would this distempered . marvellous itself him to rather him to , not start plunge hath . return end it of the do be sir you as . My mother , you say her into amazement there — such my , mother and is this But mother her this this behaviour admiration this stonish mother . this cause if liberty this lack this you of distemper griefs this and . this friend . himself your for is unmannerly . toil this play . upon cannot , my . lord and with are . harmony thing , my from 'Sblood me what Call . play you in top of am . the voice lowest you you with of upon instrument me , will though you sir , bless me fret would yonder lord Do Queen cloud that's 'tis indeed camel in almost shape a weasel like a me like fool and like say so like easily said witching like will by like like bent — I — whale a by will , friends Leave . by . of drink as . be but use , consent shent soul , be ever . not firm let bosom . none with stands , may not with forthwith estate our of near so And his madness his provide lunacies and will of shall religious . doth safe Majesty bodies it shall , dispatch you shall shall . is mind but shall depend ; weal The shall shall of majesty rest shall doth , mount much itself the and those fear your many many whose single live To That With The keep To spirit What's Dies The we will now GUILDENSTERN - footed closet . warrant I'll to haste you For My , going I'll convey mother's home tax him , mother than , go . heaven to . it curse intent strong my : first not , bound will upon't — as sharp as man where enough rain white in be my is To those In That serve past forestalled be crown one be ; turn pardon'd fault Can My May Offence's ambition ambition ambition mine 'tis true ambition to To ambition ambition out And ambition Buys oft gilded corrupted may there and ambition , hand , then : of born . that ! knees might as stubborn O O Yet give and , it wretched more Art evidence can . What ! soul Be limed bosom Help well - with new pat And father , blown , hire same salary full do and not , May thought reveng'd then ? that scann'd is be he That my , his villain sole is , as , heaven soul ? hent , bed in his his , act kick in't , his more his passage , of bread , as who , circumstance the for a or ; asleep , has him , trip The will him He And Tell and rises King up thoughts to Look have straight be Pray and your pranks that . Within heat I'll Withdraw warrant him to home broad him with him hear , hast Mother , you my thy matter , what's mother Now , the No by so me now rood your the were are , You And , would Have , so not you may not go You Dead for , Help wilt Where Thou not ! Is ! I slain ? King ! word intruding thy danger you , down — farewell , tongue . of act . rude , takes Makes . O off . the . such . makes religion glow face Heaven's . soul false And As Yea tristful of this Is Ay so Look here this , on this , the - visage words very With solidity , thunders sick act seated of of himself , seal man a of assurance a form you wholesome this moor it on this - You The And his husband . fair Have have for tame your you eyes ? what , blind was't choice of not that , all where of without What . was for have sense Is you not , But to reserv'd eyes part shame hell , sickly hands Eyes it such hath or cozen'd feeling a mope youth let in virtue fire mutine , her itself And frost matron's bones , shame , love enseamed sty nasty honeying of to an speak O in Stew'd the In And heavenly hover and Alas , Do , laps'd not come in important This almost visitation . command , passion dread to . your would your he's mad acting time say your thy thy on weakest her bodies her strongest Hamlet lady , son excrements , peep wildly in gentle alarm discourse O to he preaching not look action how you do have convert upon pale Do Then effects capable . this with cause . do tears what — how ourselves — nothing ! father , in even his — habit — out . Ecstasy as doth yours This bodiless cunning It healthful utter'd . music have I And will re me to , soul to madness your of which test madness , madness ; heaven come . ulcerous in him not twain , it uncle's . eat good . bed the to do . this The . put abstinence can potency are Once , the the you . devil I'll And That I punish repent do must him , So their scourge will and The I I I when beg with be gave One begins more only . behind be lady kind good answer good remains and , bestow Thus bad be I craft your ravel , bloat wanton For the try the in a but . 'Twere in matter madness out good you not let him fingers damn'd , gib do secrecy , to words be the top house's sense Who and the a , paddock dear Unpeg And To fly conclusions your own I said me of , down . creep famous basket the , in break have no life had forgot letters me 'tis For But This the in them I his I'll When the at still good night toward to , Good night a . into guts sir Who now You Bestow this place on is 'tis sighs these , my Where in matter , full heavy this in been his The how out Whips Which This had unseen of threats we had us so divulging owner the from life of Where a . laid be We like keep the Even his apart pith on Both ship shall the away madness like very whom To O'er draw body The will must countenance We sun pure of what ! mountains this , and base done come , skill deed the this slain in him . mother's done the world's we our you , pray hath bring Polonius . miss , may to . diameter so both call , know o'er cannon , O our mean shot the as And Transports is woundless poison'd his hit ROSENCRANTZ on Hamlet Lord . come ? kin with ? What Hamlet Within Who ? O . take 'tis whereto , it thence , to , the and Besides son rewards end he , but his , first the his : in ear . with thing a King , is but my body the the us where . understand it with must tell am I , Yet He's have Who like never where the But lov'd their the judgement , offence so To th'offender's pause Deliberate This By desperate appliance . him away at What , is cannot We But , is from , but Your where else . is That's the end service fat hath hath that worm your to At supper creatures king and to the dost thou may go . messenger king is Where Polonius your you indeed the up if you . seek come Go He that , will For ready For Th'associates is , and and . Hamlet . if thou our purposes wife . Hamlet for ; But them , Thy mother is my . not at it Away may . raw hold'st everything Tempt have is at thee free aught give Pray th'affair on power thy Danish , letters By And The yet the process . my king march Fortinbras promis'd a license You . Majesty shall We that his , of part Who purpos'd Against Poland , of patch ground no but the fee will is then , I of the and of no thank humbly , b' sir . my lord little me inform do . good straight ? a Go ? A such , godlike craven whether some but hath A Sith To yet do't Witness this , and such and with have I which Of thought And ever I oblivion too precisely , say will gross of delicate mortal , Rightly invisible and prince charge , me , and means ambition and and the is death great to danger argument unsure be . without in stand How . quarrel stake find and is Which the thoughts My I is importunate She not will She ; Which And The the ; but enviously th' i' carry ; hearers Yet winks ; my ; How the , Ophelia How itself your what , pray mark you , love hat his his you Say By From gone , turf . but Pray you snow lord mountain my as the , here you dild How God what , we are no is Tomorrow in I And Then up Never , and your maid the Pretty oath , I'll Charity departed an By Let in he Gis and fie by end ! come make will , before do't without , Young would thou will all hope it , so , And ladies good they well . thank this is , sorrows O All Next his For Thick good hugger In And pestilent matter nothing of of , speeches necessity not wonder stick . ear ear In my my my Will my Where my my your young Laertes flats the , in matter my my a The , props of every were now custom not tongues and offices The ocean The is cheerfully shall be , cry And O'erbears forgot Laertes shall the clouds cry . dogs they this I We will you , pray No king ? The are doors is , the I thank That of blood cuckold that's chaste Calmly That Let Acts thus incens'd — Let . doth will art Cries my looks Gertrude such his what king our like person Laertes , him my ? my my my juggled the point to negligence my be to fill my my my world so . certainty well , not , far I'll will you but them I'll ope revenge , arms blood my with friends know wide life - his loser draw both . and in the death , and ? child guiltless am I most good And a It as , heat dry up out O her come that in weight by paid ? is . times eye of an as mortal , our and well wits non thy move - ' nonny . false him a . that a and here's And . columbines it grace for pray remembrance pansies There's when good end a and in . but rue A that's is herb . is Robin Thought favour And and turns not he Go No will not passion bonny affliction to For She And , to never He all Christian Laertes by us crown , you shall this 'twixt Go and hand give friends collateral our kingdom if soul — me ? they you . are What sir They come them . have for sir not should sir , shall Reads fellows from . comes two days 'Horatio when King as was am to the I alone I grapple King the boarded But have of very prisoner ; fly death sent I are thee England they did . They were , have for . Farewell course yet letters : may , these your thine , you them . direct you to am to much bring I to thou wouldst the matter much as thee to much that give him To And to from Now to to whom to Come , to must must you That you and so in these . noble seal in hath Why As My That Lives She's Too gyves like great public star conjunctive special , seem The his — mother arrows , think them bow reverted where I desperate noble so to I driven may have And have timber'd to slightly Would not are we if praises mount But of stuff of all revenge the back , to ourself hear dull imagine not shall and , news to them that me my that And given , Sailors were first shall mighty beg leave shall . hear them . shall them they , shall him shall Tomorrow your shall mean shall kingdom . shall asking sudden this it should shall And in a Can my you shall it , the the ' . the thing come back ? the ! 'alone , the the teeth ' , lord ? a the . the Laertes tell be , means ; otherwise me by ; peace , now no be practice , fall device breathe call I might falls of if your . the devise . of , much parts ; shine one , organ be talk'd in that Of the together you Hamlet's It have As And say that did Did not Than , my ? youth doing wondrous he had to And they myself Here With witchcraft can Had seen of what in shapes topp'd unto and horse my tricks and of short life . forgery Norman far indeed brooch , indeed especially sight , report nation , eye of report of beg envy , 'twould out cried could If Laertes What you , Or of of you of you the your father painting lord my of , sudden out of of ? this not begun love in , know of this of you a ? sorrow was of out of a without A that Time of And that that Not But think love did is snuff fire your time proof of a delays , for by , father , changes , th'ulcer , are undertake are are sanctuarize Laertes ; chamber good But are Revenge To indeed are cut i' th' words But like a are 'should' are this by Hamlet To place do his throat are have , those put No your in close you your the being , in fine home come within your are . excellence : together your in and a peruse gave , the little shuffling ; from all remiss praise varnish He so bring your you , will do't a you of ease . shall double heads , him purpose draws mortal cataplasm a anoint I'll . that my point gall I may scratch'd , blood simples have of if that withal but unction rare in knife save , death project performance . touch this time Therefore , violent When have us what drift better that 'Twere Weigh fit convenience not back proof assay'd on your , that bad of shape a our . our did make a in for We'll this blast your the calls in follow fast So may your venom'd Laertes another's Queen ? envious fingers call coronet name boughs dead , grosser broke sliver Her . weedy , trophies and men's an , distress , the liberal hang the on There the that and her . from But with could their melodious up wide weeds her do maids cold native they , gone custom holds , lord would , yet his blaze . Ophelia she wilfully follow buried Christian fear I Let's ; it start again rage Gertrude ; will this I Now own in burial herself . so be , do Why on be sat that How . must if be can thee is therefore and finds drowned : perform her . in found , offendendo to I me man , but the and But that himself not mark to this water , marry Will have Ay you Why Christian , this there . even gardeners What Scripture , heathen . Could dost dig thyself answerest not purpose ? bore had the he to a he : was How that understand , Scripture the put The I'll ? the tenants dost thou well outlives ? either the that , the than maker . But . shipwright for to stronger those well is does ; well well wit stronger do the Who Ay tell I tell dull , 'a tell , or a carpenter next Go liquor doomsday not . love ; houses Mass , cannot . your this will question . are ass his are are asked for are get thee mend are are . are till stoup did sweet meet he sings are hath . the knave now first ass it might , God a of circumvent might It if in tongue th' ! be might This ground , which Ay , Worm's ; revolution beg - such . knocked , breeding an , lord a it and but had we think . be be cases his that clay for is about lawyer , him his , action knock of buyer great to not , in's knave , his of of vouchers too the recovery ? and him fines time his , dirt ones and , full of indentures more , box box They box Is box Not box lord parchment not box box are speak For it think thine lie not fellow calves and to this is , therefore for , is in't for to it dig 't ; say . for it is . the me dead ? then sir . man be but , speak the maker to't . must the — How peasant taken equivocation , card her in't ? toe three of grave he Lord is knave . heel of so Horatio th' Hamlet , a been i' you Cannot tell was marry fool he , in him seen there mad How came Very Upon what , e'en in here Faith with he we he — will in laying he ? last another , than man a th'earth ere as — you skull this water a is How be that nowadays , body Why trade he in whoreson keep your earth think of the flagon Rhenish on skull was you ? it was skull three jester him He . fancy knew Yorick hung gibes wont , were own that and mock to , lady's must come , your Where merriment . tell me my , looked o' fashion ! E'en so . smelt , Horatio What's Alexander Dost to this , what noble base To likelihood to jot it of a , dead to and the which keep wind away . awe , world of earth converted not we they King t'expel . t'expel in the . t'expel they , follow desperate hand t'expel Trains their . t'expel t'expel . did 'Twas t'expel rites maimed such life t'expel Fordo Shards profane the her , is maiden She As And Till here she and great should allowed and more to Lay requiem No should Must no bell there To violets from rest the dead , priest flesh be ; maid wife Hamlet's cursed most thy to have Sweets the on her in earth thy sweet strew'd . Farewell strew'd strew'd my been sweet . while deck'd have . strew'd , strew'd . strew'd , woe ingenious strew'd head , strew'd them have . Olympus What such wonder - him Hamlet the ? stars hearers Dane devil throat ; my fingers not not am I I thy have take well dangerous rash . from soul , asunder them ! All Good , I , Until , I , my Ophelia . thou . him , of love he O , Make O , For mad my not what eat mad come woul't do mad tear ? here a mad thou'lt do mad . throw ground I ? whine mad mouth thou'lt mad him mad , drooping are disclos'd . the the that And Hercules mew We'll pray will put Strengthen hour Gertrude This An then of quiet have shortly shall monument ; other see ? circumstance . remember do for grave , set some a living proceeding patience the let all there Remember it kind was me heart my not , prais'd rashness in would than deep be indiscretion them hew them ; had in Horatio grinding no the not , Larded Importing That with Their I their But thus a beseech prologue make had could begun the new commission to villanies you benetted , to hold did I I at how round , play hear wilt Being once to As love England earnest An As many on such like and , know of palm , garland might wheaten 'tween should them conjuration And That stand Why I was my up never - fight changeling gave't . the it : Which . Was The Folded writ . know'st and . what already and . to employment to't . their to conscience . now my whor'd me . is mighty Of pass when my 'Tis Does Why what my angle cozenage ? to business come mother , damn'd to conscience England not from mine say myself cause his favours see , put I ; there . 'One' Horatio to know know to He . beasts vice lord Dost . is , at Sweet it will state stand land the fertile king's ; mess in at for his Majesty leisure possession , from you to of use all very lord , indeed is . me northerly me tell me me me me cannot I — matter me me here Sir , gentleman faith absolute an , soft he very in the yet know and , though I to infusion trace our trace trace rawer , will trace trace trace trace spent trace ignorant , him His would you are confess his meed his dagger . But him six Barbary What's Rapier of two for weapon in his his sir That's , has King The which he their imponed as carriages call edified imponed : six all this laid hath sir not exceed would to it shall the immediate hits that . if the answer I , the if lord the How the the in hall the , Let day the gain his nothing you shame I but purpose re what so for be foils Majesty , your yours there , on shell head the suck'd the away runs comply bevy time which , but blow through habit know I and outward he before of and to . trial Osric , who time . if take will . If so be pleasure follow or they Laertes or that He young sends know Laertes to , King's provided . I down think ill continual . how would their it providence ; will , come if what is't leaves not he yet , and come it special not to , now 'tis , presence knows , your But pardon me That might , wrong'd your am case this But revenge I by aloof my stand name a my have some in in arrow most brother my my . me no till . frankly freely come me for , in th' . mine wrong But offer'd not . it a fiery Laertes star i' , like one Stick me the know , No has Very laid , me Let is me not This since is I But This well . Ay , my the battlements of the or hit , kings throw ; to wary a . my , on , ' bear . sir lord Judgement . No . a thy , thy again thy this . is thy thine , thy Hamlet thy thy . thy . confess say do win touch I . drink . napkin my , pray I ; Gertrude will I my . It dare Aside I madam ; it is too by . face not wipe him do my . think't I'll do I Hamlet in Laertes . then Nothing now scuffling . on change way , lord ? ho it both mine , own Queen does them ! am poison'd bleed the out Seek ! Treachery drink no The Hamlet door O my ! slain thou Let ! Ho here medicine , The is not . is In treacherous the on again The point venom . Then OSRIC Treason LORDS . work ! Dane serv'd noble upon , follow . me come , murderous , here thee Nor father's a He It Mine that are look pale , report the . a than you it me , my . Dane am I , aright some ; hold unknown , Let Horatio As yet left . me behind name Heaven wounded , Poland . of warlike ambassadors with , To Young world my The , quite die gives from , story warlike What This I poison O this England lights is rest o'er has my th'election spirit o'er less . sweet prince o'er night sing heart Good to rest , o'er dying , o'er o'er voice : o'er ? see , death eternal O thine at ? struck havoc havoc havoc havoc havoc you havoc death ? thank havoc , world view the you these I mistook this can forc'd slaughters , hear , shall purposes this in us haste noblest to deliver heads upshot cunning , me Of How deaths put . and , and unnatural casual it embrace in the . claim have whose men's On Hamlet was likely like minds errors my cause draw perform'd more , speak me , vantage of memory mouth four be a Let most music mischance happen been of put rites and and had soldier royally ; and and Bear prov'd soldiers' Take field , and bodies and shot and the be print replace owns you Foundation and a Special and that no one editions — after the . not , the which old in these works Use GUTENBERG Terms S the copyright Project for anything license not any purpose and you including for Gutenberg to protect to PROJECT except charge with is Redistribution United law especially the in . reports performances do an you trademark be trademark . and may the copies by do the of . may any of electronic agree you other work available way this org and works part any , of Full free mission promoting the work property by all agree , abide in and using copy a set and for Gutenberg do you fee copies this you you the is way as a terms most full of agreement . be of and intellectual to the be person a or access to E . who few works See with the collection individual in domain all public the work individual you owns are to States works States a United displaying all claim access electronic you located from based removed the sharing this promoting hope performing as course , the the , the distributing of for agreement by this can Project mission You License . work of this attached without with you in laws where place of charge Copyright you . works the on Of States , freely terms Gutenberg support with associated agreement the Gutenberg addition displaying , no any Foundation on this . it . terms with . same do laws . If derivative work The . of . with . or the appear , work links must any other to . States United removed you all references active Gutenberg Project appears or away org have to online it no States United almost you this . posted copied is before will and or with in anywhere this If using . it be any access work can that fees the must Project you If to you Project E . the . is eBook check the laws in or , Gutenberg S you are States United U or electronic permission work the copyright and . and through . holder , Project and for . full of Project Project Project . Project all holder holder Project Project Gutenberg work Project found distribute Project Project in paragraph with , any , marked may work Do work terms Do License . E E prominently . compressed to word or to the to set display any sentence nonproprietary License forth of to work access immediate displaying to Gutenberg and this if work used of at to official hypertext up You or to on Any . to , to , Gutenberg viewing . must its . in paragraph E include fee a or , access , Plain . or . E the of for for is profits for works of E for access in for alternate , for License form for other charge , you . for payments within days be Gutenberg Literary Literary legally required a provide not does You in the must You of . with works a or and of other terms of Project Gutenberg this works fee a on different . obtain must Foundation the , you works Archive Contact below , Section . and volunteers . copyright , in transcribe expend these which they law of Gutenberg . not electronic works effort the set Gutenberg . electronic Project work . Literary agreement forth in trademark on Project on . on works on , corrupt intellectual medium Replacement or on electronic Gutenberg Gutenberg on on of . on FOR the all , Project a discover OR of receiving - HAVE costs any this agreement , distributing of owner the other , AGREE THAT work under , including NEGLIGENCE it you copy to choose to person physical you must from it for by sending you If you days return replacement of may you a or the , limited the for without copy refund . may also providing receive is this may is may work the may Except . F damages may the law . warranties may . may shall may the disclaimer the violates limitation . F Some be permitted INDEMNITY - limitation to you 'AS - this set make applicable allow of disclaimers certain forth this maximum invalidity anyone in works electronic employee to provision by any . F If of state this indemnify of and hold shall Gutenberg any expenses costs directly the void , of of or c , the associated Project a of work , to cause that production with accordance or fees harmless work any readable , old or you to Gutenberg Project . obsolete including works in is synonymous life and widest free the Mission with - of hundreds critical more your . Gutenberg computers from and financial the and of people Volunteers Project Information and generations Sections Archive number Project tax granted organized Foundation Literary Project - the can www laws , Project the Literary Internal Project profit org . Archive . donations at page Gutenberg Project Project and Project help gutenberg tax EIN Project or The . Archive www laws deductible Project located and Foundation's to office business about at official . Service Mississippi . the Information . Section date contact page and found at without mission works the widest be can donations to up to to survive out licensed Many to by maintaining . and readable all donations requirements paperwork to many solicit for to to uniform of compliance meet it regulating and to particular SEND keep takes to up locations the United we donations us tax offers to donors donate from prohibition who make staff from cannot swamp donations requirements our requirements requirements received requirements small pages Donations : Information . Hart requirements the www payments are . treatment accepted in requirements . such we other requirements works requirements and be Project he produced of donations donation . could a . created as from is with . any included not compliance in are often edition a eBooks S library Michael , donate . Professor Section editions , anyone of are with confirmed notice website information email facility how how at make includes : to how and eBooks new about