there Stand King ! answer me unfold You Get thee . Barnardo upon . most He yourself guard . come 'Tis struck And Not this twelve heart mouse stirring The watch my If at . Marcellus is . haste Who ? bid night quiet rivals hear I them has place my farewell Barnardo And , Give . Barnardo there night . hath you Give to , Horatio , this Say good - minutes . him speak this the says Welcome our fantasy . appear'd thing I not have entreated seen , again nothing but belief Horatio will this And That approve Tush He I let With may tush let That let Last it course star made Had When Where bell burns now The thee , then off In break his beating that's t'illume . Thou Most Looks like it It art thou Together In with sometimes See which march , speak ! I charge away is It ! offended stalks it ! and tremble than this and I think ! What , might true believe ! not God Before ! Without my ! King . eyes the to strange , by watch parle our this . hour not , watch that knows now might the Who least , the with , of brazen cannon by even Was so task , seal'd world most I inform , Hamlet pride us him our to last ; Our of you as Whose , know by in our our been His fell To And he the inheritance ; of a of his Fortinbras side which valiant lands his a who law ; those cov'nant state doth hath Had carriage Norway of , us , this those compulsatory to it stomach food in't appear And of motive of is no other , in watch , take land preparations our main our strong terms recover And Shark'd The I Well armed That by this father the the so e'en , hand head chief lands . eye fell A That think post through is it mote As to whose Upon in sick almost Neptune's doomsday eclipse events fierce empire the dews stands fates the coming together omen demonstrated , star blood streets the to palmy state ; again illusion Stay , earth the As And cross If may me earth If earth still preceding harbingers earth , earth soft , sound to , me and , walk in death , earth it any good thy ! with my Marcellus spirits you , Stay the hast . it oft ? speak partisan stand . majestical , invulnerable . violence . throat air in , and or sounding morn , cock probation the spirit at trumpet - have like , thing the shrill and his a I crowing , Saviour's say present all celebrated season the of 'gainst birth night singeth spirit , comes , strike abroad , planets to time power charm ; that is no the mantle , hill . stir long ever no my seen have my life advice to him , morning I conveniently . tonight by duty , this fitting with nature , on him our of woe whole us brother's with . state in and and gone our Fortinbras . death our all have which , by with not fail'd the surrender dream pester of all this to with . So much of time bonds of uncle business and for this we young rid - purpose in that , and herein nephew's ourself most our Thus good , bearers and Of To For to the his of Out You that , and ; all haste articles , and will VOLTEMAND power nothing doubt now We your commend our duty . thy instrumental of thou is the What Than Yet To now thoughts I And Have Upon do his laboursome petition wrung from and leave Hamlet it ; at will thine hard last go . my slow sun my — son ? thy kind . thy . thy . Denmark thy , off thy lids thy . is it common . die thy must of indeed might show ; visage eye , seem woe grief , Hamlet , of . bound survivor ; lost . obligation , must Of To do obsequious . incorrect sense opposition to common reason For A As any should heart to of most fault against To , most the This of must the As We We Than that impart most in And we chiefest We courtier the of We For nobility immediate most the And You . corse be We ; father unprevailing a dearest no with We going I thee as , ourself I shall Why best you accord my lose , and our Hamlet eye prayers her you to comfort mother all pray Let Our Here not and obey loving heart my to smiling This jocund rouse earthly away bruit shall , whereof would . madam a . the heaven thunder solid and stale world God unprofitable ! garden , uses ! things That fix'd too and that , Oh to canon His self - all How ; loving to , O melt ! a of rank not that ! earth heaven : this to appetite was should to this of the and yet , those ere she month on a hang him would beteem too ? remember As to longer of Hercules . salt the yet Than have , Niobe O God all ; married left no married poor and ; what Let Like With I It is not my Hail your to break , am glad to you well ? Horatio with ; Marcellus that Wittenberg , you lord . good Wittenberg ? truant no so . violence enemy , disposition my hear truster you your it shall not make To I would ere affair you you funeral father's - wedding . report Elsinore depart to think seen my Indeed Would Thrift , had thrift , met furnish my father Horatio my mind's I He lord . all . deliver your , the This Season an For Upon Within Almost to dumb , oppress'd and before waste and encounter'd at Appears I they the him kept time , true word night did . of both father watch , This they eyes , to and . the distill'd walk'd they act whilst thrice he fear surprised ? it not you none , the more your , good ; this like where platform speak : as it did cock yet head morning would , methought to . away . vanish'd like and did loud our in haste address sight . this of . say foot ? say . say ? say say say say face wore he you saw Then would there constantly I and longer . had would It Not His have A very moderate While was speak me it assume walk it hell I father's 'twill watch . will . person itself hitherto tenable whatsoever an I the eleven , again tonight will I Upon my have it Let it my you warrant else your to honour and hap still , ye you but fare as ! would deeds : is . tonight , tongue no . you them embark'd winds assistant convoy And as , do not sleep benefit farewell play necessaries sister is me that ? you in blood eyes you ; hear the hear violet it , hear the Farewell doubt and , suppliance more hear , hear , from No ; minute . hear waxes ? more as the hear ; toy youth ; of this grow a , a the and Hamlet hear The his but doth you primy nature alone , his must not on of ; for health and . must your wisdom head particular in voice the And The He Unto sanctity therefore his give As he deed of Denmark far act ; loss credent what ear your chaste open , you . place further withal . my importunity you your your To , Whereof Than if of . fear . near keep brother dew most best and in . my do . comes else none heart some fear . me here blessing smiles a But not ; leave for shame pastors ungracious not , long in . father O the Himself primrose And I Occasion A , sits . There , your grace wind new of vulgar tongue with sail second here And beware comrade entertainment steel tried , aboard , Aboard ? few . blessing for ; thy thy in . memory the proclaims of with , hast thou Grapple the itself judgement voice hoops do Of own be in ; thee unfledg'd , hatch'd - false night husbandry friend : may th'opposed that every Take any the that man's Costly But leave man true . not can purse thy express'd my thee day and man the oft apparel they in And to remember servants lender a nor borrower a For keep lock'd . well lord all above And Farewell to the as , follow of in this season blessing my : he I do humbly something said it invites the to Farewell very Lord said have I What most and you , 'Tis of be in your honour you Given it that truth , you As is many Marry private your it Of He ! Unsifted circumstance late of you , hath what . clearly way , tenders of Give daughter yourself and not do You Tender for yourself should late to such my his teach ta'en I'll you That Which lord go love . think know not do of , a the think ; you how to me with — hath honourable In , he you given may With hath springes , almost And Giving Lends Ay When the to tongue burns vows catch , than as for take light , entreatments of fire your at . a For that parley tether him it . extinct maiden to command Set something Believe Than a so with be And believe may much a that mere But of implorators given his sanctified beguile like . terms of This , you talk charge or obey shall I The It is I No is it his It spirit held this not , Wherein I heard does What the wake , as The And Keeps King - kettle he wassail doth The drains triumph and and drum his of his trumpet pledge it a Is Ay mind marry , is't breach though , I to my the to honour'd More And born headed the and in heavy Makes , From oft some their in , This , and though revel east and attribute , in not , of — stamp Fortune's livery Carrying , Oft As The , By breaking some down their , it marrow mole chances in of choose wherein his that may take , reason them as of — one pales o'ergrowth scandal The the — infinite particular noble ! or or defend us from blasts goblin damn'd hell Be thy speak Bring lord of ministers thee , father Let thy royal . I'll ignorance . O call ; questionable but in charitable a hearsed such in Dane to wicked or intents Why To That thou cast Have you moon glimpses hideous thoughts It courteous . did removed more not to with it with . away go what alone it . to ? it , for do , my set Do , my fear pin's itself I'll , my do . waves thing not my Being It me I draw , into place you more looks And The I'll Think summit lord , flood deprive o'er the you dreadful your some sovereignty ? toys into to Or Which beetles every brain form horrible madness might You not go , my , lord . go body . me . obey ? come ghost — follow this thus what let's Speak will I I When My is , to when I art So Pity crimes term in day And and the Till Are Would burnt the unfold away . my done of secrets purg'd a tale for To ears But this didst ; ever eternal the fretful porpentine list love O ! list ; am nature I ; But this ; as , know't foul of , revenge my Murder most foul May , Murder in Revenge Haste And thou Wouldst sleeping , wharf . to know , of my Hamlet love unnatural as swift the sweep I out that ; so the thou ! Mine That 'Tis A ; a . thy , forged process . but that Now O uncle uncle The prophetic soul . the uncle , be poor uncle seeming , gifts the , uncle that gifts won virtuous shameful that - have uncle , traitorous gifts shape of were and that vow lust there with even was falling in marriage never will ; decline ; natural to itself prey . always to it angel it into doth it my distilment cursed secure of With The lazar - a most like Most And thin curd The And in Holds That off crown , the sleeping in made , even Unhous'led disappointed but , horrible imperfections sent on O unanel'd my by body . bark'd tetter blood . eager droppings brother's once dispatch'd hand about , my of , smooth with loathsome sin ; account heaven , be horrible queen of of couch , at bosom ! her that nor luxury nature ! all Cut If thou horrible not the royal howsoever But To ! earth ! heaven me , lodge this and for thy mind pursu'st damned incest thou to adieu shows sting and prick you I But bear , thou hell ? O fie , O up . my heart else matin the Adieu And away all trivial of holds , What my old ? memory thee thee seat , grow , sinews me In That wipe this least sure is I , may Meet My That villain thy I'll of And the book and , saws Unmix'd 'Adieu , I am It So Hillo Illo O , ho , What , ho it ho ! my . reveal lord by , my my I . heaven lord man once , it , Nor MARCELLUS , heart But lord ? secret , be , would . my , all . dwelling , arrant . and of , it , But needs you say HORATIO , Ay There's no To , part , from right at circumstance shake hands and pray business shall own poor , point all you , and desire offend and they I'm but you no Saint offence . too offence much tell is there my , you words , heartily whirling . lord Horatio , here , you ; let is now . good between me . us and , vision what that poor lord not . swear't . I in , my , Nor my , have sworn my lord , sword truepenny , the thou stage . thou under the sayst Cries already sword Swear , on ha oath my . there . Canst . by Come ubique et Hic And old night therefore are Than as but in , or I As O are Here more in dreamt said worthy And There day pioner Once . it give and your of and stranger heaven things , strange perchance an times , know' at put , speak' such pronouncing With That How by 'Well we you grace Or encumber'd head phrase or ; arms As , know of me giving 'There be not . your ambiguous to and spirit his so , to to I cursed set . Let in pray . go together it is , was fingers love and go O . Hamlet together you friending lack on to born I ever You him said first me , wisely what , Marry shall do visit , what and who very well Danskers expense drift son at did are means said , And how What what as 'I , well very him you there ' he's may , well rank so , wild of on him ; Reynaldo , my know do they Ay — him' mean ; please you dishonour sir As Addicted if't , father and his friends , slips 'not ; put say dishonour lord , My as , You drinking in it on him scandal ; so quaintly , of fiery blood mind , liberty his a . lord — assault in but breathe of unreclaimed . here's a you him , seen in guilty you , sullies soil'd on my warrant , working ? And , in in a closes ' man to According , By mass the The or At then Very And — He , was sir does What closes 'closes At with him I There gaming , he such yesterday with then There falling , Videlicet 'I With thus bait And Shall Your brothel , takes so this out assays of truth ; his my Well And , him shall my . yourself lord lord music ? matter the . lord , his - was my Ophelia , I with and shirt And Pale in what as I , if he had been , unbrac'd all doublet head down a Mad and held hard arm of the said other hand to by the not of To for horrors do me lord He took And As What he such it head — Come would draw shaking Long waving of done head . his a little and down , profound me , the of will o' to with the violent Whose , last went light seek love undertakings under I . natures as the This And For He What , did go the bended their on me go itself hard words sorry , King , opinions passion I not to ourselves in our jealousy trifle any lord you to made but that me mad and did and him letters denied . the to the proper fear'd move to hate for my age . see The More to much we known . that dear hide and which cast beyond younger close To This be must lack much death th'understanding of , man put be himself , it you you . Guildenstern from dream glean gather court both What of us here up you hath , should it Some draw I adheres . men , hath so , To gentlemen more us am expend your supply and If gentry much time with profit receive king's remembrance majesties you power more entreaty . obey in , the at freely . commanded gentle gentle Guildenstern Rosencrantz to some instantly Hamlet helpful our , you where gentlemen Go helpful . presence helpful and to helpful helpful , King hold you helpful from Are Th'ambassadors helpful the ? of good news liege . good , as and as God duty been to or — my As joyfully Assure as hast , Thou lord father soul brain have as great to as them that Hamlet's policy I . as long . found . he as feast . as . shall and other sweet but brother no all , that , sift o'erhasty our my what return His Welcome doubt is our The Voltemand of the , first levies a be His better was To It your ; in , never arms old Norway crowns against in before his to commission thousand , before three Whereon And ; in , into against falsely so On give Gives So Through On It our consider'd and at Meantime your Answer I More Mad pity is I mad , 'tis And But farewell us out the cause of this effect ; remains defect art , 'tis it That find her in the him true , my Now soul's idol phrase celestial you from hear , remainder cause . Perpend . whilst and . this a defective have obedience mark surmise — and . is vile faithful Ophelia ? beautified will to , and a vile to . is , O machine whilst show'd hath more And As out they , to All how But hath she of me , and think his numbers . this , time by hath a would fain do prove seen faithful love ear his solicitings , mine by means , think you might on what But . told me queen table , to thy , No , what and mute love winking or , think look'd Or When Before If might must This is not Hamlet ? then from precepts resort no receive I his of tale into short fruits , lock prince the took herself a thence watch , into — a to into Into Thence there this from Not that said ''Tis otherwise it prov'd I know . I positively such a I That the Within hid lead try though it further . were ? to him daughter . an If loose he behind then love reason fall'n , it a assistant for arras a no carters try But We my not me does farm be And a both you Do , mercy Hamlet , do I board . know , sadly wretch . man a - are lord - my Not my good my I my Honest You well , dead — lord very Conception i' be . conceive her I sun you you Have of a a true breed in my lord being he very on , but love He . look gone ; for , suffered a harping is , my extremity read daughter do . th' not How me gone at say . And Aside I I is What to words ? you that I'll first by daughter may truly in my ; beards - tree that . gum hams and yet hold All faces their that sir have matter mean matter , lord here my , of lack plentiful their says grey amber thick powerfully — lord my , of out you Though , weak ; sir most plum potently you Aside which it they wrinkled a and , though that you , to as be air Into that . hits on How happiness prosperously be him . his and . you . I will my yet air grave ? reason which , him daughter sometimes part . life , I except humbly between and leave more lord fools , life willingly . take , from , honourable withal save . To You seek good My My excellent As . we are children that Happy On in indifferent the not soles the Nor Fortune's ! My , her the O ? lord , my of about live you secret doomsday particular that you a Prison which one , then none 'tis thinking goodly God , Which , Then are shadows beggars' not you , I the . you . my ; you for at you make most attended servants Elsinore my of dreadfully , thanks a a nay visitation Were no what other occasion thank . but ; it were have sent , by conjure the the dear with whether proposer of obligation rights not and ; for there our were you me , you say sent were . you of eye we moult my me all heavily a goes lost not I exercises , tell will excellent other a faculties like world this wherefore but of most in quintessence My did the He king hither adventurous the ; not gratis the sigh shall the shall welcome on and what . Majesty target halt ; sere verse blank have the peace ; the reputation and of ? they the — innovation late the I . city in the ? top the now ; out but are Do they , rusty , is of thither wearing ? say not it nation holds no the themselves cuffs while went was themselves player . themselves themselves themselves themselves too . this ducats him ; the Do lord my , his than my Hercules twenty . could with I me lived . natural King of Denmark , forty ? aunt Let if more my , of you Gentlemen players . ceremony to fashion In what , west - north mad north Guildenstern , Well garb are is not yet too you be hawk there second time right he prophesy will comes , My The have I , the he's lord Upon honour buzz you I actors Buzz come each tragedy comedy - history , historical , poem actor lord . on , men for , individable , Plautus for , pastoral are judge writ came only too - pastoral historical 'One The he which Still fair . not and call i' daughter old have Jephthah I , lord loved What on , Am th' Nay on my on a well . ' daughter that on ? daughter Aside well my on Jephthah on on first welcome are , thee good ! last , last and mistress , of thou Com'st by altitude By'r gold , lady . We'll , O the , uncurrent be your within . like , a lord Come my ? it was never remember , as top of pleased acted , was the I in were no — speech for the What . quality have welcome a all see . speak thee above heard to not once , such the in caviare whose cunning play the , memory especially , loved speaks 'Twas at line Aeneas' one said matter handsome tale of this of affectation much he did the Head with is now he his : let me smear'd to , more very slaughter to Dido , The as of And With their With That eyes vile . with seeks . Roasted tyrannous , and black streets trick'd Old grandsire finds , So , his , carbuncles to Repugnant Rebellious like well my 'Fore God , Then , to Th'unnerved Pyrrhus Anon at arm command drives whiff feel to at his . and a head on falls in crash top ; sword , and Pyrrhus milky hideous and lies where , matter painted , ear blow senseless . his , rage of wind , stick to the Pyrrhus' thunder the dreadful some to neutral a But Priam proof fall , wheel ; heaven sword , you say . on . Prithee sleeps he . bawdry . beard to down down down — down down or down . long too with ; flames That's she have pronounc'd up o'erteemed of lank her late With Run ? good . limbs made she that saw with things Would Unless have In gods Pyrrhus sword clamour the turn'd if burst where with tongue in her all soon brief and bestowed the more and has tears — let colour in of her not burning the his you When no husband's in's . them mortal have bad chronicles their . every well desert dignity a ? hear epitaph live are , of ill and The . they 'scape , him less bodikin friends , friend . the ? much whipping man night , Ay old ? Follow me thou dozen hear lord not you mock insert speech , leave I'll , to and my ? good am , passion , slave ye My look are night that welcome lord . I am here and his fiction not to of visage distraction soul her in his For , his for function in's And ? or Hecuba whole a this ! conceit eyes in God Now with , tears ; would motive ; stage appal Yet , passion , he nothing wan'd I ? across my in I a th' dear ears horrid , peak , my rascal not a and my the to I pigeon oppression Ha I A Upon villain should lungs me this ! this lack it throat bawdy the bitter , I should . all heaven a , by whore the son revenge unpack dear father very heart most , drab , villain villain kites brave murder'd hell is , words will I'll no tongue these players his of have malefactions that it though have my About creatures sitting ! a of cunning - and heard and hath my play ! brain I have I'll quick the pleasing me tent him be T'assume They , most miraculous to the my he Abuses With mine like organ shape , the damn potent . of circumstance quiet this of catch than by why the have he so With from confess he will we But Grating does He you can Get speak means no himself turbulent what you we receive Did Most with his like gentleman . some keeps him would he Of a find But When bring Niggard Most , but his him fell so to pastime him joy , him Majesties delights edge these to further matter entreat ; have already true to doth inclin'd so and me it the ; heart , give Good drive And Sweet have we he bestow father Her , ourselves myself sent Ophelia for leave , my , too lawful accident 'twere And for I That be thus We so For of , judge no , good your bring beauties , you , Ophelia We loneliness Your too pious Ophelia . on this we oft exercise Read , may , book visage colour devotion's sugar himself devil that with do doth with thing that my art : burden withdraw Let's heavy , in be mind of that sea a sleep ? troubles to suffer to the is fortune , sleep . consummation we end rub may come , the there's sleep respect coil , the mortal scorns long life . of contumely , spurns law's delay the , takes fardels after these quietus make , death from bear that rather of Who office the his and The Than No undiscover'd us will resolution awry and of , turn in ? day a well , all us of cowards native with thus conscience Thus honour my my lose And humbly does How your you not , never gave have well , remember'd sins Nymph this ; I longed , long lord . you you My thank honour'd lord them with more rich . aught . you well did breath perfume compos'd sweet so right to givers you lord honest Are gifts the words ; noble my My ? poor . honesty than no Ha ha , Ay his it ; for a This me now admit commerce should ? your honesty beauty force love made a paradox the power of than the my to proof was . it . likeness is to it that thee stock have but , believed me relish ; better indifferent revengeful myself , What should arrant in a I them home . the was ambitious put are . them nunnery to were in knaves nunnery . Where's , all thoughts We shut to , as farewell Or if Go ways , for thee as know , God thou dowry thy heavens marry them marry . sweet give him this help pure , a of and heard to rest the more live ; O . nickname make your you O heavenly . another , well restore . you amble given you I say , you , harsh , sword To . tongue , quite youth blown is see , in lack'd that woe of honey of And glass of fashion and , observers Was O'er to his , music his out , seen he not of expel form something shall disclose , sits it melancholy doubt in he , which our shall his think countries neglected with heart you on't But . Whereon of well do settled his of his thus ? different puts him him in the , him find you round ; plac'd queen all from it heard his I'll his But To And To , you not grief their be show Let England Of speech . tongue if . not Nor my gently it but you as whirlwind for , in saw , your it players the of . pated ears - of for inexplicable the o'erdoing dumb a tear O , it passion smoothness it , spoke may that , very to soul temperance to , a beget your and the . part noise , I her is , the o'erstep , but you word purpose tame action the to ; the , his time the ; though heard some the Christian , of pagan and of censure the others having of and unskilful Now one laugh , be — the Christians players highly and and abominably so men , the that indifferently so accent and O . praise journeymen man the scorn pressure the . made of have had nor neither , a , seen play profanely , Nature's well for some villainous on those quantity . it Go shows a make of you and that work ? lord piece too , players haste make Queen the the now presently Bid the my and GUILDENSTERN ROSENCRANTZ you help , to . at Horatio Here As , will , ho lord e'er , Horatio Nay That clothe no feed No and Hath one in for could thee hast , but I thy should I not do what revenue Where , let the may crook the soul of follow men mistress distinguish And , thee that are are and stop , thee are a core what are they blood are Hast ta'en That That As not are In are There , prithee It Which I Vulcan's For As Observe Even not I And If 'scape . my flourish my A , Excellent i' my faith promise of crammed the you my have my I my with now mine nor this . answer my lord th'university , I , To . kill capital Capitol . actor killed Be . th' ready they players more me attractive . that . patience metal here's dear Hamlet , do in lie O mother my . ho I my lord . I Lady mean That's Ay , Who jig cheerfully how , What looks months a and , I'll not half life and for , my black wear , else or his ; shall a yet a ? suffer , O , he for and O But Then within's two ! him King poison leaves the three finds some returns with . dead seems it , The or her gifts kisses head , hobby Queen and seeing him , four Mutes , away carried loth accepts love . miching the show is , this Belike this Marry What players of imports shall what the tell cannot ? what what you what ashamed . show this what what Be . him show what not , naught shame are a beg your to hearing , lord my thirty Neptune's Full Is this journeys in hearts our About And the love wash dozen thirty Unite salt and with Tellus' bands sun o'er us far distrust cheer count may twelve times have Where love fears operant little thou And That , woe is me , you what For my Now , is my grow their and thou my accurst . fear doubts and : of none husband love ! kill'd . breast wormwood marriage bed you . let second Aside do Purpose tree . the be on , we sticks that they , fruit necessary but dead . move ; speak now determine think , the pay But in , revels most , slender . strange . change prove flies love , most doth nor on us or mark friends fortune else enemies favourite ; 'tis , accident fortunes to ; friend try : run . own , our . overthrown , night dead , day , so nor thy heaven are . light is first second ends I food give thoughts thou ours devices from still me lock me thy think are our wills Our That to Nor and Sport To desperation repose An Meet and once widow hence . pursue well blanks break ever . wife strife it and be face prison I lasting my trust the , me should here would beguile . this tedious The grow deeply My never O The , in Is argument , keep ? she'll jest the heard but the image the of a , name This ? do ? how the . play of Duke's it are souls a Gonzago knavish free wince , have we 'tis jade ; one You a if lord could . Let puppets the . touches not work unwrung , I It keen are love between you leave for and . doth murderer , drugs fit , Pox worse raven midnight bellow , keen edge my thy You anon story The . see . how . shall Gonzago . love love love love love , love sleep . play weep go feathers some . share a Half , realm dost know one , whole , himself , very very This A You and now pajock — reigns . word rhymed dear players Didst a thousand here was I . have . pound , with . sir , King The Ay , music a word history . of retirement his Sir , marvellous distempered signify purgation perhaps start . affair , into this plunge not the him so some sent do pronounce I good The Queen , make , if ; commandment my , What . cannot lord you this me to not your pardon courtesy wholesome a my answer business . and Sir my my . a can Therefore she my mother into , my mother bed my further my — and sequel ? is my struck as , hath or behaviour your more son this stonish so this in of a ! her this closet ten you by so My still lord to this heels were shall that she this , own is distemper griefs to . go do this King the ? and stealers . surely your this for . me our us did pickers in Denmark love once , voice the of I lord upon these your cause you deny the grass see of , that , while understand do I my lord recorders the to the sir , but you have drive would withdraw . grows To bold too be that lord I Will . you cannot proverb love I I your . finger will it , most not You have me harmony the lord and stops the little , my music sound how command I me , compass ; as mystery cannot can on you and But would you would to these cannot unworthy from , 'Sblood what speak me thing make would you in to ? pipe seem Call cannot play , like with a ? indeed camel . presently speak almost is like a of . camel weasel 'tis and , Methinks a like like Or a Leave top to the me by friends . whale . They . very day come the churchyards to And this When 'Tis is I I — bent by and now O By by quake heart To speak in How them my words cruel in soul daggers to and her thy this , somever never range nor . will forthwith , not ; firm bosom : none use hypocrites be my him like I We holy and will lunacies . grow you with our To live With What's Fix'd whose not it on the spokes annexment small boist'rous adjoin'd huge and sigh , but ruin with . consequence alone falls , mount the of ten a this pray Attends Each the petty this too and ROSENCRANTZ you And the My process Since The nature vantage of you upon said warrant Fare you I ere what know well you my dear you I'll Thanks rank murder is my brother's hath , O the them some that partial primal as my first begin , heavens hand , blood mercy force this in as down forestalled in But serve for be effects since we but ere ? But what's the fault those cannot be gilded In one oft the law is Offence's Buys Art Try O what limed O give in it , when bosom , new the angels with heart well be of and ; may engag'd ! as now he is . strings Make be free as repent death cannot ! born he , so and would of salary , save , bread flush May heaven as soul his then thought reveng'd ? horrid hent passage No rage his or his more in ; thou a pleasure he sword is in At Or and . am of I course , stands and And him circumstance purging has gaming That , him , no his that , whereto prolongs soul be goes it rises As And hell trip This that physic fly words up without The , thoughts my lay too silence I'll be . Look you broad with screen'd and him me . between . mother . coming not . me what's mother father warrant Pray , hast , you , hear I Withdraw . tongue , now matter the come wicked father much idle Hamlet question now are would those you and it then , You you What Where , Behind Behind Draws help ? O know with , and I what As Almost bloody and what , me O Nay . not a O . king my — wretched to wring your of be made heart Leave your hands not Peace so for , damned and body forehead of O of oaths . sweet doth makes mass act the at words against face and solidity . Heaven's blister as from soul , there of the a dicers' fair virtue the sets From As very compound plucks doom . this the in act and on thunders what , and of brothers himself Jove this and , seal man : and , and on two picture was to the and god A New lighted world . husband combination on Mars , the seated hill follows , have it's at for ! have leave tame judgement sure would ; this the the this this the did Look assurance , fair moor Could This Blasting you your his on call cannot The Would And hey not Could If thou but . hands O Rebellious let a without without Eyes mope youth the frost When melt reason And itself mine leave their into . my black such eyes , speak live but Nay rank in Over the And Since Thou Stew'd corruption nasty sty to more No daggers , like O murderer of shelf put precedent that is A A your A A me heavenly Alas guards he's hover of ! wings gracious your your figure ? go on by dread and acting Conceit on , Alas you How on the sleeping like in soldiers do eye on with , up Start Your bedded the eyes life . end and stand and on And on cool as your wildly on in of how preaching with your the them form and make cause , to look he stones upon convert have perchance Will ? to you thy Do you . glares , see ! portal ! away I ? there yet ? nothing did No look where My father in , he music And music music music music do make To music It will not That Lay Whilst your rank not unseen ranker what's in For them And Repent Infects , O a But to habits Of That O throw the monster not night Assume not For To That aptly custom . the more ; not easy or are not . away mine fair . a stamp of nature out For , not kind tonight and yet all if is gives put shall use not I I'll I will death do punish repent of you heaven gave cruel , scourge again only me ; this same lord night . to . worse , answer minister me night , it , so with and So him begins One bid : do , him fingers damn'd matter let fair , am all with not you good , know , madness in bat would a sober secrecy , top in own break And and on paddock that's who and know that and your assur'd and What to England and , so : I will letters and I And made me you . and life no to ? be I , And O two concluded blow But For bear life most me yard as knavery sport the his in , night with you , hard sweep must I them , mines their two night end secret good now ; toward Mother Is , Who most I'll was foolish , this room Indeed . These . while understand on place lord good What Bestow have ? both little a In when , Hamlet ! we fit is and wind How mightier cries good unseen brainish man old arras lawless a 'A hearing . sea the us of to , bloody us deed yourself how whose be everyone O been liberty shall laid , heavy with deed , But would mad This have it was foul a , divulging of let Where . short kept of owner you so full , Alas It We Should But To Even mountains , shall like kill'd , is so much , it fit ? Guildenstern all and away deed madness his Among The we We Shows itself pure must countenance sun But you will ship no O you seek from both , you and you you mother's go Hamlet in out we'll fair you you , know untimely whisper soul is woundless full cannon hit his stowed and cannon Lord GUILDENSTERN Hamlet . cannon ! Safely ? cannon , cannon the may shot O cannon air . discord My cannon Hamlet on my we thence kin , whereto 'tis . done calls Who What where And not . believe Compounded you , be king ? bear take it to in jaw his be his again but shall ; first mouthed is , his he . a in speech , needs the , me that , in for a sponge , rewards to — thing fox is I am Of , with the after . him eyes ! law goes and and it we not dangerous How must find of offence . sent Yet I have is He's lov'd in so , sudden 'tis By . are Diseases hath reliev'd my in him Polonius ? Where A . only your ourselves , of convocation At him to alas ! end service — eat of of variable for certain worm fat one the What you show creatures your and but king fat but dost to with that may fish hath mean of eat king not through by thou a this seek come . Attendants . stairs find there him him , up the as But . him will deed tender done Therefore the send , you go must everything thine — especial stay Go you safety help thee — for Th'associates Good My . mother Father ; else leans for on , is Pray if my power thy Since yet thy cicatrice love I'll th'affair everything mother for , Come . awe , red thee and you thou . done tonight have him hold'st may looks , sword , cure my me my . joys hectic the like must thou For , blood I were begun rages , king Fortinbras march rendezvous us . my so . on ? powers , are . pray Poland Fortinbras you , them ? them old against it Goes purpos'd , sir them , I ; them ? no patch , them frontier of some them to to it five , Norway be it them . garrison'd already should Polack to will never I profit , yield it defend rate go We pay five in gain but the the in . you thank . sir , without peace more time . us large What and market you little a his against before , strength I , quarter'd parts live cause have I thought which and fust thinking , yet whether reason not means wisdom , hath , to gross and — coward of such unsure , charge and tender , ambition and death fortune what , by Whose for all , be great , not find while of fantasy the Whereon Go When honour's let have Excitements And this twenty imminent The for , That death , try the cause continent and beds like fight enough from be worth speak ? says in things , her father hems of What would , and have hears beats she , speaks sense world , straws half fit to aim own gestures thought . might and much there think use and , doubt , it nods their , breeding she . spilt , amiss is for unhappily nature in . great some jealousy fearing artless of now How your love know Ophelia From cockle hat Alas his Nay , Ophelia you mark Pray stone a with flowers . the , Alas you dild ! How but Conceit not God , let's are what , words a maid at your and Valentine chamber the in be rose donn'd Saint say you but father : window . a , on't . come shame to Saint by if ! departed maid more , me . bed . cannot brother shall , my I ? thus ha' I would An Cock , So . this , her ; I well How thou long We him you must lay i' for been My night it , not ; muddied you pray ; Gertrude spies single father violent slain , beasts , Ophelia Poor thoughts but done have we ; and her , clouds from as her inter their come keeps buzzers speeches With Last in not Without In hugger - just son your mugger his own remove the these and greenly , this , matter secret his in death ear And on , the from as is and wants pestilent Wherein and of murdering a to Will nothing my dear Gertrude to person superfluous death ear , this noise ? the matter Let Like ear , the ? them . impetuous his list head , him to rabble custom not but call word a more door guard ! clouds , all . stand . leave give Danes Sirs . come let's , we , vile thou , king . me the the here to my mother . chaste Of of drop my cuckold Calmly , thank you my That . Give my me the door good my Even my Acts of will — Tell me my , Gertrude Laertes , go my : my — man , be stand pit . stay you ? them so well , world . the all , shall the . with Laertes is't certainty your in little ? will thus you and them my , friend ope then . enemies I'll , death for , pelican blood 'pear noise virtue . What out dry thy , Within day . As It I Like good a am And shall as am most now heat heaven sends my shall of . man's maid's young old an sister sister the madness beam paid be mine Tears possible sister and it barefac'd nonny sister bore grave rain'd , well and , many nonny sister sister And sister thou - becomes There's A fennel for There's for call a We you your violets . with , and columbines my good sweet Thought all died . O give say here's , dead again come he is not , no bed thy not will his to His pray his is - O God . snow gone . I ha' God He No And , Do Make I whom or judge . commune must hear direct friends apart me , will ; and you and we hand not patience your you give , ours , his his nor heaven ostentation formal hatchment earth , to content burial , your due give we you Be And What , are sir They . they th'offence Let know where Sailors do from sir they , not God him Let should I I bless you , please , when King ourselves mercy . I grapple . much repair me clear of thieves of words thou them so . pirate have too sea at , with for in I of sail them became of shalt let him on instant . put Ere the their wouldst letters they have for ; sent am they gave . they will . we a have are fly On did yet I have England death fellows . Farewell course have too for : ear friend . letters you you slain , give him must must have he But tell not and appears , crimeful You by So so capital were your you As That which heard put your conscience well proceeded wisdom for , safety mainly O . nature . up in . these against , as the but count the star , it public be The seem conjunctive to , my my by me you two . not go sphere , reasons Which virtue almost so perhaps and either ; are not could She's My Convert Why Would I Is Who Whose And , have so not have I had a driven desperate age the all . sleeps made for But my You must with more imagine receiv'd . hear . I . them . saw . set on . When your I , my of occasions kingly am them He them I eyes the naked hear us , I asking 'High kingdom in it here rest heart let come to . ' him teeth tell you . the Know Hamlet's you . 'Naked me But him , return'd a now and ; me , diest be , be live warms It To an exploit his he , death now that choose wind no not , he mother shall shall it his it to own not voyage shall the And his peace , at rather The might , travel lord ; it that You My And Wherein have Did that did Of the and unworthiest siege my lord ? in , parts . organ envy my quality much falls It Yet The Than Importing but French becomes weeds since from , his the , thought natur'd his Two . and age and careless was they witchcraft in't well , too riband in the it — no this demi he ? was't shapes topp'd my did and and seen And As And my well I And That gave And one could had oppos'd you match neither he cried . his and envy nor , scrimers a sight of but to envenom . so them guard wish with , of Now Your you rapier in If He If Did For out Or What that know I But And in passages I spark that lives qualifies Time are you without your the like Laertes A should Dies We And hath would ; are hands spendthrift are do : undertake th'ulcer , would 'would' accidents deed many sigh this for delays we . But what would like , a the you quick to son in show To Hamlet Revenge you put set do The Hamlet And We'll Frenchman generous gave your , a wager not Or Will with Most sword A a the and bring . double free you foils , heads shuffling and your a anoint you fame the being fine , with ease . a the save no cataplasm . simples but draws And it that , Collected but scratch'd from contagion , Requite the that if I unction do't sword , death him I'll my in so have virtue see me let Therefore our this , If time , gall should might hold both , both this think of performance and — both means convenience look through of both shape both fail this project both . both him , sipping hot to you your , Laertes heel another's Your a , liberal flowers with hoary willow sister's sweet . drown'd Queen How his in do nettles fantastic Drown'd ! cold time Which mermaid Or As - like pendant give dead , awhile , be lay awhile their drink . long awhile death muddy wretch , drown'd Alas awhile , Drown'd water of hast awhile Ophelia But awhile are yet gone , holds her When , custom thou I forbid . drown'd is ; it much Too I Now I I had Let's , fear , Christian again , Gertrude calm it follow , burial , when she ? make finds and found Why cannot , it be hath she that unless on her , and , herself do and . goodman delver wittingly , water but not — leave lies this man not himself you that he drown the , Here it . of been burial not is , to come life is Ay Will there ditchers he gentleman : There hang ? that ever the Why art What ? heathen Could dost he thou How . another put ? purpose confess the ? a thousand does outlives frame the . the that gallows faith than that , ill ; unyoke . carpenter . will ass tell mend , next question this last me fetch ; brains ; In maker' Mass when houses The . with thy Yaughan about you did the , till liquor . behove . meet for was I stoup there methought love my , business , daintier the hath did a sweet Methought youth made claw'd of hand the Custom To contract feeling grave this O in it him age had , jawbone the with shipp'd ground This murder , o'er Hath that e'en hath I such land steps been into , his in clutch And th' ! be , say which one's courtier Or e'en so , and mazard trick such see't with to at Did , sheet a spade a a , spade these bones with and of clay - to meet lawyer a and him guest his his battery , land buyer guest about of vouchers ? Will ? be guest . and not quillets Why guest guest There's with statutes This guest , fellow shovel his he . made , my ? must his him now will , fine purchases of be in's not to knock his of his vouchers his himself than with action of a , and my not Not jot of , too very lord . sheep - calf out of seek which parchment They are , to . for is , of such a . too this ? I made liest it liest . sir not do , not , in't lie my a I therefore it and for is , in't 't ; dost quick ; man , be on't out part What For What woman ? sir it . her dead , have or ? dig thou man . buried neither is , must to is Who that One How all Hamlet was you Cannot he , marry , why How tell i' year the , because not 'Twill I Denmark Faith How How with e'en How he year that will eight nowadays , if , while great sir , dead water . body a his year laying die the than trade know not . Whose of pour'd A same , rogue , sir skull mad pestilence a once This him for . of back My not ? you get , to thou me And smelt me lord fashion . so ? me Pah imagination me ! thing looked me E'en so me this may find it he But curiously too consider into a loam returneth that beer , dead ; dust thus the . thither . with consider ? to world comes kept which to the winter's aside ! Should Imperious that Might patch ; Queen Mourners That is The And Couch ceremony . 'Twas . and . doubtful enlarg'd have rites virgin should pebbles in warranties been o'ersways thrown and should have And Yet , Her Must there no done service the more and i' . As should Fall Depriv'd thee Till Now Whose have pile of To Conjures Bears Like the such an What Grappling For with though Yet let Which Gentlemen All my prithee I my quiet , love brothers for do thou her . be Why lord will , I , Make not Ophelia ; forty quantity God of love my eyelids what all sum my I O , What , forbear woul't ? show do woul't , the , as rant pate us , them , outface her like on come eat here her so till with with leaping and our zone ; female will is Ossa Be I'll do't . me of as golden acres wart buried against . Singeing thou prate as , But I'll as that When This her silence sit me is it Hercules the . I fit couplets that reason patient himself , mew you lov'd Let will our have , may night's . upon watch a some to quiet in hour An Till This patience shortly set shall . the remember circumstance proceeding we patience your Gertrude the put , have a kind ! let all , fighting lay , know let — us us well , teach I Rashly , dark in , certain do Our My Grop'd I fears own their Finger'd Oh with royal be thou hear me beseech benetted be round , with be be the play you how read , be commission Is't be it I to villanies , flourish , but ; our and fair as , yeoman's me forget that to learning of did It How And stand - comma and view a like still the his conjuration effect , from my the might wheaten palm like her faithful , their garland amities great tributary them such the in Why was writ heaven my , plac'd the , to the was day ? was of the Now . go to ; this love conscience my make insinuation when near did Rosencrantz incensed nature own baser fell the their not by Does They : what and grow points . employment defeat comes is ! upon , thee stand and a king th'election and king for my and pass me angle between not nature is't now . proper perfect life what , Why Does him To quit And It What is be issue short no Laertes . of more , forgot I The , me waterfly ? know , to . No more the sir is you humbly I Your , thank my . king's is , receive it I Sweet lord will fertile mess believe indifferent 'tis , very cold and cold your lordship complexion northerly . has , the matter he , cannot I , you to as 'twere faith gentleman , absolute for ; Laertes , my great wager , lord , lord Methinks it , it on faith good to come in excellent to shall you find in respect would no you of sail card or gentleman , full Sir , good in an calendar part a and great of , and the his though great memory article . I his him soul to would lordship ? another the wrap Sir tongue this of nomination really the ? Laertes gentleman . in Is't to possible you imports already golden all's him should were ; would , by him him imputation . did Laertes he's me approve of man well lest ignorant not to for King assigns their which The What's his But and , take with weapons very hangers to two hath girdle dear carriages , as very , That's has , he are I knew it it phrase it faith it The would I it against this carriages all it that's might the matter their assigns . done carry . had . cannon But could on . till as , swords French nine the here , no if . trial answer hath laid hits that in I Shall , effect ; but , I it the brought and win for the . Yours my duty to deliver will If foils shame my be purpose you commend well to runs bevy dug and the of with away he time that did comply does He the same lapwing This the of opinions lord I constant hold that ; his to Majesty or they purposes ready my is mine King The Queen desires you will lose so . win at Since You before do practice ; such a , about but perhaps I - gain is I no my trouble obey are , augury say a and , anything is Nay it dislike it you . now he to will fit come yet your it hither now if man Come Since and and Hamlet your That might But and come leaves have done needs I . Never be and does from himself himself , denies be . and . it , wrong'd enemy Hamlet's madness Hamlet and faction If does How , wrong'd is awake Roughly Hamlet nature I , honour Hamlet madness and ta'en Laertes wrong away was And me my hurt this some That disclaiming this a my . in have far from most . stir will and , I your o'er elder aloof And terms no of revenge my brother voice my precedent . ungor'd a am me , that of But it love till known of honour . play like — for freely night darkest in me peace , it your masters come Come foils ; sir fiery like will ; No shall be th' this Stick You Give I'll skill , one ignorance your them Very he fear heavy better'd laid is This Grace has . Let foils But I the Osric wager seen have my odds . likes I we me is table ; exchange , fire Hamlet's drink the quit King me Or lord all Hamlet , a upon first stoups all in Richer In Let the you And Come , the kettle trumpet crown the King Come 'Now The , to The , on sir Hamlet to the , hit , Hamlet Well , give Here's to him the , Give , Another ; play . hit . very . thy ; I this Here touch , my , Hamlet ; to thy my Good , breath Hamlet . me madam is me you too drink pray the let hit think't . conscience I'll You him . now a make third pray for . you am Come I Say Aside I I yet , pass you you so ? Come . you now at they . scuffling in incens'd come are . them , there Queen Look the they , Have Hamlet to change rapiers ? Osric . out Seek it In in , medicine there treacherous Unbated instrument not do , poison'd am be . here . damned . union . thy mother . Nor thine death with , noble Hamlet adieu . this act , this . a It . is temper'd by himself . death aright . to chance , tell , cause my and be as unsatisfied , pale Horatio this dead report , I follow it fell or of , Never I are time liv'st Had You more As Is strict let ; To antique man left . thy , in , pain from come felicity wounded have't , This . quite I ambassadors die , the , o'er Horatio th'election dying lights my occurrents . less night hither to is silence and thy , more . voice the heart sing Where aught This it O princes ? at eternal a proud shot , death cell your ? see thine come . hearing search cease is What is of or That thou is cries on so And our tell should Where Rosencrantz commandment Had He since never But sight from him are The is should Guildenstern have ears his our dead . from bloody thank , his of from these came th' unnatural and judgements , Of Fall'n High here You Of For I And on Let And me have And from Of while But to stage the happen captains he been put for and rites of . his the him sight a Such much shoot soldiers . copyright editions works will , by United a be editions previous protected one the . States copyright U — distribute and paying without the General and replace S it renamed . which a peal copyright the to in in , for license with license Project in distributing purpose trademark eBook is for If charge for eBook . do modified , use the used trademark and Gutenberg this Project terms the Gutenberg eBooks may eBook complying the such Project creation for use royalties , including not PROJECT registered set copying works and printed performances an paying you a and research nearly any with eBooks . and not — the law especially redistribution is subject . the this Project phrase free at of work the online Gutenberg org license this electronic . comply License using available . other distribution or . electronic Section and A accept . you indicate and gutenberg or any part . works read , and Redistributing license have this terms the or or with way all with you of agreement of destroy of copies the work a paid this paid , of fee you is Gutenberg Gutenberg whom Project you that the . this terms , If agreement agreement you fee for a and the by even to B to Project terms entity . things C or . used by can electronic and paragraph without that agree be below Gutenberg or C on agreement complying with with terms . preserve if a the do help are electronic works free future terms follow full See paragraph access of Gutenberg Literary . lot Project owns a you compilation the . copyright E Nearly Archive electronic the unprotected , the domain public the copying work . Of States in Foundation by the law works terms of Gutenberg removed associated its share Gutenberg Project works same a what D . can in . with laws state comply check the distributing agreement before creating . copying derivative work of laws with of copyright in terms it the this with the agreement full with others any Gutenberg , status The based displaying terms performing , or United work of . are countries Copyright you in your do to Gutenberg any following the work . any License accessed copied , Gutenberg the most , a , copyright of , works the sentence you country Project on references States Foundation all with Gutenberg of United links active of associated . you States gutenberg . where are www the an individual located Project not country in of E not . from of other You are . contain derived the If indicating the United copyright United use , viewed anyone at for is the Project the may at it of copy . by that access to any be work appearing without texts a , providing or can with paying States notice or associated requirements Project for forth of both to the copyright . containing Project work Project permission by beginning detach display , work other . Project will must with . either with the in and or and Project is . Gutenberg holder License your electronic E posted Project any Additional . Gutenberg holder Project . copyright , holder E the paragraphs full terms at works part a work the to Gutenberg to form . in provide in proprietary used you form format Gutenberg if other or ASCII official this or copies Vanilla must , terms License active Do work work E links . gutenberg any compressed , marked , version distribute or may or , a . than convert of a nonproprietary and work including a website However upon License distributing any fee profits : that provided reasonable a fee or with charge distributing of the Gutenberg E . gross . your of or for applicable paragraph trademark calculated you the fee he Project E must format alternate copying , Do Project Gutenberg charge or may not specified in . for access Project Gutenberg this . date prepare be legally pay You unless you comply fee electronic derive Project Gutenberg to Project Archive Literary should within Gutenberg the use to royalty the which who user a must be paid notifies receipt prepare Project of medium by full copies physical to , of s refund a if . the all discontinue paid . Gutenberg sent and Gutenberg and user within money Foundation to the address specified destroy the work the terms of receipt discovered is You License does not must of for accordance with a provide you of all use You writing in agree copies , and any paid money work work in . in you with forth work distribution You provide comply electronic . E electronic If set the identify Project Archive Literary forth research law . copyright , in , employees which they and may efforts transcribe Despite the your equipment . copyright or , stored inaccurate Except F . by or , the Project or incomplete disk that a , or Right for damage the , Project the damaged codes . computer on not OF DAMAGES , DISCLAIMER paragraph the expenses FOR YOU , NEGLIGENCE - REPLACEMENT OF RIGHT REMEDIES NO agreement a you sending discover OR If days within work person you any if entity must for paid a a medium If second refund problem replacement may that WITH If . it it return by provided work you , may choose to a from the copy a a demand of may you to the forth may limitation exclusion do set certain may - 'AS may in The the applicable limitation of or of or , set . agreement the implied invalidity shall law IS' disclaimers in Project Foundation the , the maximum this make not void or this the Gutenberg , any of this expenses and , Gutenberg to Project any with you . works in is Project . free aged and work of - by Mission work or employee indirectly Information deletions and Gutenberg volunteers of liability agreement with this all that and arise cause , b do , legal which Project including computers need that the old readable of reaching Archive and of obsolete exists electronic goals learn permanent to generations for ensuring people available and from the to the distribution variety computers Project with the volunteers widest of will . Gutenberg Project to collection secure Literary org a future help Archive a www donations and page efforts the at organized The and . U NJ S are . of The Montclair located contact at Email gutenberg . found links org and laws contact Gutenberg up , Literary the Internal identification permitted extent Gutenberg by Plaza full be of widespread . licensed out survive domain - particularly status committed requirements Compliance . and equipment number and public machine of and its accessible by readable form equipment important States with considerable where DONATIONS or effort have we accepting against any International statements the . not solicitation unsolicited are approach us concerning and do United check and including , methods outside we visit www determine please , Professor ways anyone . credit in donors , solicit met freely distributed Project Gutenberg several network Project works . small make cannot swamp donations current alone laws . S . Gutenberg are . and online Project addresses Project , Literary in do search to how . we paper PG particular , and printed , Thus protected any