Who's Stand me hour . Stand , Stand Stand bed to bitter Stand . Stand Stand Stand , cold . 'Tis at mouse stirring . make and , ho think I hear Friends ! Who . this the O , honest . has farewell Barnardo I soldier there ? is Dane who night . there Barnardo , Holla Welcome , What , Horatio but twice him night . seen hold belief sight I if , eyes the again approve And may us to seen let entreated take , of come to , not speak , we we so once Sit let us again nights westward again , Horatio comes . pole . Look Thou not harrows be , night of time Horatio to would It which the majesty fair this warlike charge . away charge . speak ! speak thee . You something ! not now ! Before Without sensible I think What ! the Of God ! I ! pale own this ! gone 'Tis my not it Is Such As mine ! King armour an he Norway th'ambitious art true the to very ? on the dead angry parle . in on . jump he to scope to me and , gross what in the gone hour watch not , know opinion . week of daily cast toils In bodes Good What joint ; Doth Does might impress not the is't image , Was side the Thereto even by most our valiant Hamlet Norway , return'd competent the to a ; inheritance by he gaged stood of seal'd world which a , Fortinbras cov'nant , resolutes of lawless here , sir list a skirts unimproved Hamlet To and hath a up Of been fell Against Was Had And our ; mettle of diet to As For to some no other lands those appear well in Norway is ; article , young there , and of . recover , hand state which us And post source the , and , doth food strong , our but e'en portentous the wars these like so the chief the land : so mind's Roman is high ere gibber As in the sun squeak stood watch figure this trouble dews empire stands of and the palmy and state of . star , Julius , fell the tenantless it A In A graves The most the moist , again eclipse fierce still precurse Neptune's streets blood the and earth together countrymen . to be me , illusion comes demonstrated it preceding heaven our climatures and , prologue As harbingers And treasure thou , uphoarded the in and womb speak happily , If Which if Speak of For which about to lofty it being so violence , cock mockery invulnerable . like when speak crew . thing sounding to a summons it Wherein the on faded It Some The then a in Th'extravagant confine that present To Whether god say made crowing object then of dawning This Saviour's they are takes fairy And singeth birth so morn , what we yon and my high believe . Let's find . our this him pray do't , Where loves shall we , Voltemand . woe of grief , and with on . brother's that , discretion death and brow fought discretion think ourselves warlike state , discretion now of ; discretion discretion discretion discretion queen , discretion sometime , With in wife ; wisdoms auspicious as one , a Holding Your With Now Or Our Taken to better , which dear know death message with us of . much of advantage of worth , frame brother's our out and his of late our this dream with this brother , surrender all of here have So is rid purpose scarcely , made all Fortinbras young : the than farewell our ? you with , duty . Laertes , news show , to , Dane Laertes is't What of What my your shall is hand more more offer , to thy ? Polonius came to your Denmark at me done duty return ; slow ? my thine says my . toward that your wrung I you hour , spend Hamlet , to go ! it less on you kind — am too much Take so Not Aside now . And How But is know'st let Good Ay Passing , the I thy like a nighted eye for noble father lives must . colour off , Denmark cast thine not 'tis Do ever look with nature If so I , solemn of the customary my particular with good eye , visage fruitful breath the in , not . seems common is . it it inky is , Nor Nor , and the I they can nor shows the grief river suspiration truly moods of , forc'd cloak suits windy No Together with denote actions , the and That For But but are that and within trappings have 'Tis these know father and father , term some a grief persevere to But and , 'Tis . and to incorrect most and lost It and Of heart , and impatient and as to opposition to thing peevish 'tis , dead most of To against the unfortified will . condolement be most we Fie ? know stubbornness obstinate a impious what a father so the death heart our and and a a a that you world love throne our dearest . Wittenberg take our desire , note of in to to : us our you intent of his bears to immediate less toward back is in And the and not ; chiefest going In shall best . Hamlet , obey my fair . madam , reply , Madam a you Denmark in to smiling Sits that the speaking Re too solid shall bruit melt O , God ! nature two ! come much to the That ; the , 'tis not it rank so was to ! mother my ; nay a satyr roughly , yet thy poor those name month old : tears eyes to , good my mine wants Why father's , sheets my hold . Wittenberg — Elsinore your faith see My you But We'll A disposition to , what in would truant not see fellow - funeral funeral tables marriage in . upon foe , dearest that met furnish my had forth ! I methinks seen not mock me goodly Horatio see meats I I In once My not I ? I upon ? Who man , mind's my , he ; He was a I shall , admiration my the think your him for lord him yesternight deliver . father for I to me gentlemen these till . father night watch their of , cap - your , pie like figure with the This fear : hear on - surprised thrice and and Marcellus dead together nights In thus before exactly . waste and point , act , to in father like this more each not and , with I Within Stand Goes of , dreadful and Almost his to jelly with the dumb And Where Form Did Itself It lifted And vanish'd it , motion even But But to lord it up as like the from do we morning yet methought address speak loud crew did I none it then made answer And Indeed live think know but , We , and , you let From saw top lord his not he beaver up wore his face foot ? from my head , O And Nay his constantly very pale upon ? a Stay'd you there tell haste , Longer Not . might I hundred . his no it was MARCELLUS beard longer life , watch you assume warrant sable , I will seen have in . hap And bid me you Give Let it to my you all tongue and the I Our Upon Your loves , foul spirit , your tenable shall , So eleven . will . well night deeds men's eyes rise , them ! soul would All embark'd the me , are do . is come were : to ; minute a , a the Do and doubt toy nature blood favour his that hear let you fashion the youth , a For Hold not The and and of Hamlet Forward , No For thews The he is the . and yielding if of believe be choice subject that whole his must for subject subject birth state circumscrib'd he no loves subject subject may Denmark of loss voice your in subject his choice , own his do depends subject , subject ; subject further place far ; It give fits As the Than head wisdom your credent what deed Or And keep it Fear she canker And Too , lose with If not you The chariest of not her not strokes spring youth . else not imminent near , not not not disclos'd not . dew not fear lies good thorny and my th'effect , this of itself Youth Do shall watchman I Laertes Occasion here ? the sits in wind , double . And here double for aboard a blessing long upon a grace comes . is . shoulder your blessing second Aboard my thy no . hoops soul unto friends any thou character these for stay'd There , precepts Beware , voice judgement buy can thy but , beware but . steel ; man and in chief rank not . the night edge of thine oft a most And This of not habit censure thine ear , reserve thy as man's For express'd apparel in the nor itself own , leave tend well remember you to and . man in my ; the be to lord go go And go you humbly Most go The go you . go it , in 'Tis go memory said key my shall time go been audience , hath ; put 'tis oft very as caution you you said touching well you , yourself I must late yourself and and free , bethought : of , clearly he Marry Have Given 'Tis What If it be do hath He Affection you I'll not are you sterling . think , Do believe , my speak to like perilous his green a ; tenders in ! know lord ; That Marry ; teach Which ; do . I woodcocks how holy ; catch his ; fashion ; hath he it ; hath fashion , When Lends Ay may take your him that he is ; walk young Hamlet rate presence this time higher few tether in to not Set much be believe with promise larger ; which show In he brokers , their , From . your at a of I plain of terms and vows that implorators Breathing Than mere or you in Do given Ophelia is from leisure your lord obey so beguile sanctified his like not I , This any with slander bites nipping an . is I it then draws . the . twelve wont held his reels rouse , Rhenish of season ? down ; pledge takes draughts lord walk , this his - drains drum triumph it a bray ; revel tax'd and east : west and swinish custom custom trumpet breach them breach and of I Ay manner than and breach our in vicious breach breach the chances particular choose some breach that plausive some Or breach The breach Oft Carrying virtues form else , Nature's As in infinite I His From that — may censure scandal . The take , star that grace corruption of a . the all as be general fault thou and airs intents wicked questionable call , damn'd blasts thee answer ; hearsed but , death me , sepulchre heaven or mean steel this marble inurn'd , or or charitable , goblin in Dane royal canoniz'd Hath op'd we thy Have King Why Wherein their cerements thee ! corse again bones , father com'st thee . in burst not ; quietly why What and the jaws , ground a go by No , waves do no I will removed it follow my speak But I do my me for not soul Being It What That might again forth the flood . I'll of into the sea cliff of reason , follow ? lord , as immortal madness horrible of to every fathoms roar it so more shall I'll follow off not You And looks puts toys desperation brain . into the go , you my lord your him I'll ghost a — I'll As Still as each hardy call'd Go with not obey him . him it direct will . Denmark this of . follow ? me myself up Must hour render sulph'rous is and almost will When My Speak am but come shalt thou revenge burnt To the for I am purg'd thy up tell a So And Till thy Make harrow lightest house - their to start unfold soul hair stars combined the the away done certain term confin'd Would To ears I Thy And and ; be end spheres . father must , not porpentine O blazon ever didst in or most know't to meditation , that the to my I and and of . be ease Now hear , thee than sleeping me in this so forged ; that That abus'd out stir not Is A serpent As duller shouldst given a , Lethe in in process the on thou find I stung by serpent O With seduce ! and wit , will The — seeming falling have traitorous adulterate O Mine my wears ! with that was to that that , to Hamlet it O witchcraft to made From So Ay of my most gifts with his was that beast gifts the . decline mov'd vow poor morning shape in methinks Will soft My the leperous The in secure an such And , hand royal the thou all not couch damned bed on horrible in my made , horrible of was but Most life Thus Cut but but but even in the to my but me fire be but thee . her - 'gins Adieu glow and those thou luxury O With but hast A you of host but adieu prick all shall I And But , heaven ? stiffly fie earth Hold instant thee seat . once ! not old , to matin pale And this poor O ! adieu , table . my ? heart be it smile and may so it smiling set , I damned villain down villain . my to ' me ; word Now in . MARCELLUS have . and volume all alone shall and book of . woman , by heaven ! Denmark , most lord , Lord ! ho Lord bird Come boy Heaven Lord him secure . Lord . Lord it ho be Lord , noble news Lord What How my Lord ! you'll No say you then , How , I — my of heaven ? once . it Denmark come the grave hath — business every it For Such hold so , tell , There's villain an ghost To no You I'm man , go pray own point and for my , poor business desire shake more is they sorry are offend i' without offence , and as There's , Touching , wild honest by For is And As O'ermaster't you to your know , this is tell friends , me , here you . will . friends are known ? poor me may . but is , and soldiers vision let between Give . swear't lord my you my I sword not . already , my , upon indeed stage the , my oath the , lord Swear . Never that sword . the thou , Swear ha to speak Propose lord have . seen you . ubique Beneath mole pioner And hither gentlemen upon sword , that , heaven and stranger give you Horatio strange i' th'earth good . is but . fast philosophy I this , never shall , would' seeing odd as And There Than of never your in before As , encumber'd thus an arms we , So Or speak' hereafter soe'er or doubtful phrase meet think disposition some if not ; to . you So Hamlet you , they , might' . spite in is go us Let . lack born to O , to , your at The And May Rest do And God , together commend do so out come still is Nay him That time shall Before You My , lord his I did , these you first ; well , Enquire how will my lord good inquiry , keep sir ; and ; and and . Reynaldo ? friends and . him his and distant , father and of so and 'not , this knowledge and him that and As mean youth wanton , But , mean To such companions liberty known mean mean usual . mean . mean mean mean most , not he meaning You That's That put drabbing Quarrelling Ay my : seem outbreak savageness may is as lord , must and the incontinency to breathe his ; Wherefore The flash But my good I lord , my Ay , know do you , Marry I laying on working Of should would this ? ' 'gentleman' — assur'd would consequence son my guilty ; my , and phrase with breathe , little , him seen of the Mark you Having Of man ; so you closes then — According good does I say the 'gentleman ? about he the ' , or to sir was to ' know and ; thus something did I ' leave Where day in's rouse gentleman or : there gaming out falling , do And indirections find we of brothel a 'I then or , He saw him o'ertook t'other ay consequence' the , house of wisdom this lecture my God Shall you With at See of reach ? have , me I fare his music . lord , My lord you well my Good shall , his my And my my now , Ophelia my , sewing all my , my ? God I lord my so of name my my , of a , I in was my No not My Lord as his , down with upon , As Pale hat and shirt his - he had , he loosed knees thy been piteous so for To I Then with falls draw head over his shoulder , their me his and his he little down so , arm profound lets , done shatter sigh That his his went without , he of shaking . thrice rais'd — last his it his to That What have And Come He seem'd doors itself heaven , go of , letters denied ? am under . any hard passion any will . violent the is This very I did property the does As leads our natures am not meant had to To lack dear Rosencrantz Guildenstern utter love see to you , it did provoke you heard call you long him , we transformation hasty need that Of Our Hamlet's his being dream from and with his your father's Resembles More So much of so to here your gather , companies in brought up hath , inward put , should be thus of entreat youth th'understanding . days you men gentlemen occasion , Whether So draw to he am To Good sure whom To As supply adheres , on so rest aught from pleasures , the For Both , your Put And To here dread your king's visitation fits to both ourselves service To our more . obey . at gentle Rosencrantz . visit bent majesties power the Might And I these too My give Rosencrantz make . I still . Both hold As hath not think do Hunts us'd — Assure , return'd joyfully Norway , my good lord news ? God , The And to hast or to as it I speak Give , do ; long liege : mine hear to . in that , found . distemper the . main hath son's , queen but marriage ? all of source head The I father's it doubt Well Most Upon His To That was But On falsely Receives Makes Was be Highness old th'assay vow rebuke Fortinbras And him give To Gives Highness three Whereon So levied Highness ; Highness Highness Highness , arms his ; fine , Highness arrests out brief never Norway Norway Highness before against your annual soldiers , more Majesty Polack further employ those to give with joy . read ; this and we'll time this home . feast took . we'll well upon consider'd likes are It And Through your our at we Answer , time is . waste , the to . for be let tediousness but day liege This he Your I , And Madam , 'tis Your it Your grant 'tis farewell pity is Your That Mad let us say Your rather this find Your effect by art Your 'tis . thus Your , But 'tis it a we That in Or That's an Hath Thus To the given and : a phrase my from to Ophelia Hamlet stars her , believe it art . not have . to , him faithful . to move doth a I . is most love doubt numbers these never best at thee they how What might on love faithful do fain As my had of I would When As Or If Or you my dear daughter the a this mistress prince . be my must This Hamlet is That ? upon winking love , young your queen then receive , I No a think heart play'd Majesty told , or what table here with desk she ' lock messengers into he to a a repulsed no Which And And 'Lord no my — a the And his tale into , very a Into Thence Thence may I When it there this . so fain ''Tis otherwise . this Do , hid though centre it will together it the know Here You does How At such Mark not from a Be time Let encounter you me the And his he my and So be keep We where But it . him . not a for loose then state , comes reading . Lord . poor will the me wretch give away ? good both , good good good be good one picked fishmonger good know me Well , You . are lord good you world ten true , good . is lord goes my , my were Honest my you — dead . my not but my . blessing good my my , Conception not her my daughter ? my — gone Yet ? being a kissing my Still . my have sun . lord is look on much he that th' in him , Between the What lord , matter matter is ? words thick , set powerfully and like if thus a you down amber grey . most . I though plentiful ; a it am here . old wit ? method eyes to in't his and him sometimes madness Aside . between my and you of reason I on which my him will leave except , life my anything leave life part . hits and . of air take daughter lord , tedious . Hamlet he . there fools , you sir . thou lord Guildenstern , Ah dear dost Good honoured most My friends ! that cap Nor the how of we privates live Happy in or , the not not are Faith strumpet honest is . lord ? grown more hands friends true prison to not Let most , that news the O but But have , sends is the Denmark's Prison you is world's ? deserved . the , hither , one . world . mind king . either . my so it ; none 'tis then Which Truly shadow's . quality I , For . GUILDENSTERN . our ? a shadow airy so am rest of occasion . servants But . Elsinore but lord I you inclining too poor my , man friendship , what make most the you . We'll wait will like visit even thanks own with dear should Come dear dear dear am , dear the purpose end To what dear me conjure the by teach . confession dear anything Is ? dear enough , and by of youth dear the , even our or no with me love . What you say of off my prevent sent were ; secrecy to tell I for then To eye Queen all to , goes so no . heavily moult mirth feather anticipation my sterile , nor to ; yet look roof this other angel , faculties in , though dust paragon ? form majestical of like an in , the think the players Why did you you they are king adventurous gratis lord , lord My of shall the the lady make laugh the those wont such delight take for't freely , lungs they city Their was , by residence both the of , both or ? better — tragedians the and reputation late the ? city Are when ? was ways did followed are pace wonted ? they means little the afraid common , keeps children berattle Who they call scarce How 'em common their sides succession players Will — writers went and no grow are means them been them unless their make has controversy do was player and tarre O has exclaim There of throwing much there no Denmark twenty little give Hercules and load away brains too forty , those in natural , come . you you must with Your players out . philosophy , Let , entertainment are . tell I me than mother wind deceived The You comply yours - lord When be and is you handsaw gentlemen , you the southerly , an it so . an you to tell news you come actors are hither The will Happily he's right , have Upon my , Buzz buzz have actor - cannot what , too historical be and - Then world , either historical , in actors of writ Jephthah comical , tragical . law O Seneca judge The I i' lord daughter my , As What that , not Jephthah , I well not lord ? where since when like voice , your ring , What For valanc'd is passionate French Come , speech What me speak a speech altitude Com'st ! mistress last of are thee heard I digested remember savoury well matter cunning but no one , play , a speech , the to in judgements not play author by very nor 'Twas of line Aeneas' matter in than tale Priam's to honest One thereabout . fine Dido If and method phrase down set the were no , it see me , that , let see the me in , purpose and , complexion night with the black a , gore coagulate . you , proceed Priam eyes murders grandsire With their That Bak'd of Now and o'ersized tyrannous gules dismal , With blood impasted mothers fathers with and Roasted light fire Pyrrhus and . thus seeks . lies in it accent wind with For on seem'd painted tyrant will see as As in rend Aroused never vengeance hush bold winds , And , less , you All her for after - gods eterne power sword proof bleeding ! Priam Pyrrhus' Cyclops' new anon death shall to Break In Out With general all the jig It And He's Run With late the rheum That's queen' ? is that a loins caught in tongue with and clout mobled 'The good barefoot up and down queen' good . steep'd then , gods move his of with she this where , not . and has in's . tears . them eyes their the time let of Do you have live . hear than their to epitaph Good this ill you well bad chronicles . desert in Gonzago ? of . Take . honour you my , them dignity desert , a speech , in't of some a leave mock and not my , which Ay you ? lord and . my good look insert need could , of am I slave player I alone . am conceit . not ye monstrous rogue You and Guildenstern My friends to here in's all working his broken What's to in from his Ay With Tears a fiction soul , and his eyes voice forms A , b' God it in her That he to weep He ignorant of very Confound the , have I That And ? him his ? And cue ? Hecuba would and eyes and - dreams guilty motive ear What her drown with appal ears unpregnant , and rascal No . whose Upon dull a nothing property made blows gives , beard calls Who Ha , But Plucks deep Tweaks As as the my me was and should pigeon villain lungs breaks Am I pate for lack , it : or , ere take me and say - A can And damn'd the bitter does i' face be throat bitter this region , kindless is father hell with bitter heart dear ! am an what I Prompted , a scullion bitter brain ! I have Foh very the bitter have bitter treacherous am To make - bitter bitter With Remorseless Why That And bitter , That With Have , unpack cursing whore son the to fall About A a my revenge so proclaim'd , Fie like that . speak uncle to the be May Before Wherein I'll me Abuses More this potent and The the catch than know my course of Out T'assume the . observe he melancholy have my , I King this the circumstance of days by , be sounded speak confusion no he you drift Get And from to forward will no dangerous him crafty madness keeps some . on to him well disposition gentleman receive forcing his our . a do we would But When true of , in to any pastime . demands of his but reply him , are about him before they already order joy of kind a him in seem think to me to most beseech'd To entreat your . Majesties . me ; matter it much court the and gentlemen his my . delights . lord us for leave sent . here doth inclin'd to on give him so content purpose , heart For Her he we That Will If't gather And have closely , seeing , be part suffers obey he that frankly judge as , ourselves myself , lawful of , he I honours may . I hope wish do , virtues love for or no , your way his both To an oft . it To Madam , here walk . wish I Your ourselves show much pious a Than ugly beautied the most that ! give doth my O to to heavy , it plastering thing my Let's my helps art ! burden The harlot's . question suffer , sleep , fortune outrageous ? and , that the be nobler them and is flesh heart more No The And opposing take arms end heir sleep dream the To — off , ay wish'd be That that have of us . the we makes bear oppressor's who the That wrong pangs the The That the With the the Than traveller the I The Be all Good thank , lord ! Ophelia fair enterprises o'er with regard name my you have you longed My I pray I deliver aught I for , well this in , Nymph , now receive re - them , compos'd you did breath ; givers , noble . my ; more , them things words of rich for you ? honest discourse commerce honesty ? no should than sooner can once a , made did sometime than power beauty of admit will paradox but beauty gives honesty force love it ; of you for , time our inoculate . you . was bawd the me the This my of the have Indeed thee myself it ? such mother more . virtue we relish me shall I ; my ambitious Where's , imagination with put to to a that nunnery them revengeful in , indifferent thoughts help house Farewell him own upon At in's be are chaste , I'll as thou for not them . To marry calumny . thou you wilt make of but nowhere fool ! thou if monsters creatures married hath are the more go heavenly another know : farewell pure as ice as to a nunnery a nunnery , men heard you nickname no live courtier's O will , The glass of and a shall rest ; have . lisp , The shall Go Blasted . feature is what of and quite of fair , here his sovereign most sword , most most , vows and and of O seen though most like madness . spake His what That most And O'er not what most Nor most Was seen most T'have Love he which have : of seas variable brains fashion beating England : believe , grief heart expel shall matter himself How yet do Hamlet us commencement what tell . now him his which , With Whereon From It shall . lord hold it The demand countries shall he with tribute you settled of fit mother . and well his of We But Sprung all I'll To from heard To And Of be his Let conference she think him . I , mouth pray . best shall great must not go where air very me passion offends do you tear it groundlings and who , dumb Termagant but fellow , inexplicable for ears split capable , periwig . trippingly , you in , smoothness pated . whirlwind thus - hand , as I , crier , and soul , the noise Be Suit too to , rags but , of ; of O , acquire it whipped you Pray a are , a robustious such part the . o'erdoing . discretion of , her one the have it made I or , the up anything . tutor your be word the not as hold scorn must allowance not nor the gait . the so and bellowed sir . the no the the . let indifferently those quantity of question the there the spectators that the , humanity some , Christian seen play to How villainous some some them that journeymen Nature's have altogether set . fool King . and For then laugh clowns shows necessary you to them of make Go And you Will the Queen hear this piece Bid Here , sweet , thou my e'er What That , Where Since To And thrift ta'en in could of lick absurd the Dost . pomp be spirits , flatter'd , from but Why hast may I tongue advancement what For my soul dear men distinguish , of of ? thee follow may crook let clothe No is heart's . not that Whose As Hast do scene One There I it thee Something ay in and Give . thanks buffets and nothing election her blessed co me of this . foot . him that finger suffers that , so are a tonight my man those are for , too - death circumstance will I . passion's stop are sound core what not a play before the of his are that ghost will seeming our both of his . play the is theft . be They steal If detecting play a King place . must will . pay lord Guildenstern our , the the , my this whilst , I Enter . I Queen you answer , Hamlet words not you , Ophelia so . the . are , accounted enact actor mine Brutus good and , you i' I me . Capitol . a Be the play'd th' there . patience , Ay a was of kill . ready . your mark lap that ? your do ho here's lie King Lady , the mean , my I I you think Do Ay matters . my merry , my should , mother maker Nay you your cheerfully - my sables - two may twice ! O hope hobby he devil then ; his and , memory wear ago I'll half upon down him He O else is Queen is - build man's heavens . long ? a Nay with the horse the and him kisses , or four the embracing a , passionate but , in The awhile in , and again Poisoner and him Lays . of neck leaves King dead is What end The with , declines She seems off his . The crown and . exits action seems seeming to The seeing , returns , three with seems this , mallecho seems unwilling , and dead loth accepts . seems this show this by seems Belike know tell seems ; they'll counsel seems keep the meant not you the show him you it mark our the naught . this players the cannot the , hearing a ? the play . the , to , We 'Tis my patiently the your , your brief love About ground Hymen most twelve thirties did sacred bands times your cheer distrust far , times Make Discomfort woe times times So the world And times thirty have times times love times many journeys are , nothing I , hath , fear state , you grows there haply fair world — do . know extremity made and : so my doubts love and behind my the and . and but of respects instances The husband needs and O me treason one and confound husband the and , and must second the Aside kill I second , let be and . be accurst first and ; to sticks they unshaken , necessary when unripe fall To But violent Purpose But I When do husband thrift Most to what but believe we do oft memory : be , grief lament joy debt forget mellow 'tis validity the change . destroy we or . purpose tree , strange most nor to mark or love ; enemies on shall friend doth ; lack . friend run . our wed heaven is first still and when wilt lock still desperation Sport to and earth still An Each I pursue well hence that still cheer in turn anchor's still are wills thoughts think still me my be of still hope nor thy thou thy still repose food me , day , us between spirits The Sleep never play ? i' . twain O , the heard The but What The and ; Vienna done , have how but protests too much methinks keep you poison name work it to touches : souls our are offence Baptista . of that his , Duke's piece a You Lucianus free knavish . call , jest do , see murder shall , nephew could between we This one are that gall'd majesty you would I It mistake you faces love , you off my keen Begin murderer , for damnable . else , thrice seeing collected fit rank hands the revenge agreeing . bellow thy , raven doth weeds time midnight , Confederate Thou With ban . begin Come , croaking and . You wife . love very The . magic Thy wholesome gets name's . Gonzago shall lord the , false . how see anon story The ? with King in the the fares Lights Give rises . lights weep Away , sleep . roses the if must some . razed and O know himself . pajock , very You might rhymed dear ? of rest realm — now have word pound I Damon was reigns . ghost's ? thousand the my , the recorders Come . not like some note of talk well take I'll the did . with me a music . whole , a , belike , Come vouchsafe , The sir Is Your itself more richer . choler . signify this distempered with to plunge him to so not sent start tame am , should wisdom The you this me return the . welcome great some . are in , my Good affair . breed do the end such be . my mother answer , But lord . my wholesome courtesy lord if hath thus wholesome you , but the What , diseased , I cannot ; she Then We shall wonderful son , more says heels shall Therefore She desires I pickers there to bed any . the . once , do did love your griefs lack still is your And upon , the I own Ay How sir my door that what , if lord Sir , grass your surely bar your see , the my me well not lord recover understand duty wind one . if too my O the that — To my is drive grows Denmark ? proverb — the would lord with these mouth , and it ventages me do I no I the are of these , skill my stops my ; you thing know music . instrument me upon play , 'Sblood . cannot me , excellent from how , to be , me ; look my yet you ; compass played ; would would much me a is make speak what you with bless God Queen and a like a , almost 'tis is like the yonder lord that's in camel weasel a . indeed like backed Methinks Or whale . by come — say . a like say and by mother bent and say say soul , to And to When say Contagion quake heart My will say Let speak say my to such bitter . not O The churchyards , lose look do on business to : my mother none hypocrites be , cruel and seals , nor . Therefore it forthwith not . endure lunacies his many provide you , stands , commission to The Hazard With Most We those 'noyance . highest thousand a weal whose your Majesty armour upon To keep and many bound mind , depend The ; The To ; small ; adjoin'd with on near not alone Dies ; it the summit mortis'd ; of spokes annexment boist'rous , Never you ; too goes lord hear ; And ; you Behind the makes that 'Tis ; Which we pray meet the My To Since The tell you ere partial warrant and , vantage them upon my hath offence A O I'll nature And Thanks the be inclination you you go mercy blood business as will begin , not upon't curse eldest sharp double first brother's this with if shall Whereto this me , am still murder possess'd — queen world , form prayer ! above compell'd itself ourselves forehead . evidence what To Art more soul engag'd ! O , can repentance wretched state knees All may be well now , And . so sinews and the so . reveng'd I do And I his son my pat he to . and this and , salary for A O took in is take with in circumstance and more revenge scann'd praying : heaven , father , be same bread May heaven , soul passage rage act and at heaven black mother damn'd in't his , or relish his be . goes as My thy heels salvation kick . his , hent days stays some . below thoughts to my , my with and lay home bear him remain advances my fly King rises my straight his my come him He my Much that my been me my you hath silence . mother me you , be I'll round . him ? here you him Pray warrant Withdraw Mother Fear . much father offended the with hear , I , hast thou , matter you go , the What's your husband's , now forgot rood , can you so You speak my sit and may not , then it I'll Nay , come Where ? ho murder set I the go till help do . I it am dead rat ! ho , What . Behind now ? Nay As O what . with brother ? O me O . Polonius find'st , Ay . took to thy lady wretched for . busy . Take some , is for , Peace . be your . I done noise against ; I braz'd . my , fortune thy intruding . sit thy dar'st act blush rose the of me sense stuff made of If so As In Calls sets dicers' there oaths forehead blister body of . of , love tongue , innocent an grace vows modesty , soul of As The A With Ay - this visage , what tristful That Is roars so Yea An The See like curls grace the , a heaven and the give station seem now man hill , a of assurance husband husband combination a Where The batten on call cannot you wholesome . brother Look you leave at your feed you world , Have mildew'd what seal follows ? eyes ? age you sure so ? not thrall'd of but ne'er ? sure , for ? motion for , upon in the moor ? it the ? this Sense would day - waits step Else could ? this have to ? to such from Would To serve without without But in To flaming canst mope so Or hath cozen'd . hoodman What you eyes O . thus That thou If eyes , my . shame , wax Proclaim . the And When rank , Nay corruption the in enter me to speak These In And Thou see will As nasty turn'st black of more sty an enseamed making nasty nasty nasty A slave your And nasty the . A and pocket it shelf lord and nasty ; is more like a sweet no nasty nasty that precedent a That No and of in come laps'd hover he's me more put not Do heavenly A shreds king me and Alas . son to lets , go mad What ! guards , of say whet , look That important How Alas you do , vacancy , bend at That And , is't it to her amazement thy almost blunted visitation . peep distemper ? look gentle in . is Speak you your incorporal stand the Start up and the your with ? hold the alarm discourse excrements life wildly do thy O an and Look him hairs as And Your form them capable . I you blood , you glares stones convert do to he me , ourselves . all that nothing you nothing you speak Look out habit look is This Why No goes even in I the re Bring me word madness your to . keep . ecstasy your . very My And Is have from but Infects your gambol Lay Whilst what's not the what mining my ulcerous all to the pursy beg . my on . spread past them Yea , curb and of yourself is film but unction the and That It Good night thou hast part cleft To cleft cleft O cleft And the That cleft shall gives a kind cleft stamp the curb likewise of cleft , virtue evil the the away cleft throw purer with go the habits That almost abstinence beg . Once desirous you of you when And The I punish I must behind worse and . be answer again and this To death be with wondrous With are to bles'd . this , hath , lady . mouse you , of reechy his kind I , him , only more shall remains bid that good well word Thus the Not bad begins What no , paddling in mad Make in to That who Would from No For from , And , birds Let from Be thou breath of assur'd conclusions if I life from from from I from break To the from concernings in of on in from words fly , try must thou , know to said concluded two adders Let have . the 't two line at shall set crafts directly , below yard counsellor most and this the O . to it mines most . mother an night , foolish now Come , Who was in good I'll blow them in most And But Is matter ; these sighs fit your 'tis is a . heaves while How them little I have arras his wind , something . rapier And Whips O his the cries apprehension . stir lawless both 'A brainish ! us , man all answer'd out providence ? there everyone . we threats had to of us , love feed he fit was what of life draw To the apart This We But To Even To you how , Alas Should pith like short , a divulging from not it understand But so much was kill'd ore is the and Guildenstern : vile mountains , Ho this what for , hath like madness very weeps He . no ship must will We from Into And in his out go , the , this aid ! body to friends , and our come they here , O stowed Safely and lord my , on What Compounded where I can Tell us it 'tis , dust with we the son ? should what mine own , service it but mouthed the my best his countenance of you dry gleaned jaw , have the the corner in when : squeezing you understand A us tell it . and , he my , lord ! with is go knavish you lord Of never Who like not the This offence so sudden . in 'tis their him bear all Diseases are desperate seem , grown . reliev'd appliance now How Where But To at desperate get cannot pause all , lord , lord where's , is eaten . your ourselves for of in ! Hamlet he where fat your creatures are politic all king but one table hath hath of this by mean dost What to worm eat of worm , king a may beggar of king messenger him not find if , indeed your But find up you ? the guts not ? Where , thither place nose yourself . him as him , send — must thyself help is bent hence ? everything the Therefore and . England , Hamlet Th'associates is and England For is , if thou knew'st our ; one wife Farewell man England ! England for purposes it . mother , But Father and flesh mother Delay Away , and raw at , awe coldly full it England , not , 'tis know . imports effect done ne'er my which , process letters By sovereign in — conjuring Hamlet that rages he were rendezvous us , Danish the Fortinbras march eye with so the a by from that , Tell Good They How purpos'd , powers whose ? ground ? sir Fortinbras fee it in farm . it the or the name addition not and will sold wealth and ! cause , garrison'd twenty of peace thank lord ? before man . no more beast A inform . revenge sleep that his my dull us before fust To Bestial Of Why And ever , live oblivion quarter'd three yet made and capability too , coward to parts in and or . some th'event scruple Now precisely and Examples say , such tender earth thing's — hath but this will the a , mouths Makes Whose Led the for an to kill'd reason , the death while all , to the stand blood my trick twenty , the and a graves their is not Whereon the the the thoughts numbers beds . of great , I of of of of , of indeed with will speak of of nothing her heart , is she ; father ? have speech is There's Which , as good That full sick she Dangerous To Though Indeed 'Twere Let conjectures in in to jealousy to of . How By your what pray your and dead He is your Say your your At his his a your song this imports your you . mark your and , gone green . his White Alas Which the mountain my ; go Lord your be at . table , door donn'd out , the maid day but when you this morning your maid be rose maid without By , Then And up Let Indeed men Quoth You , she Cock Alack would How be think all hope well I , will An weep Follow , so good ; her good watch of death they , most people Gertrude spies ; he the we him and ; death Divided hugger violent , but Ophelia mere these , ear . France his father's to of , O buzzers his on the In mugger which good Thick , and in their have . judgement , Poor beasts from in himself person arraign , beggar'd many . door dear piece murdering . of , keeps Wherein Gives Alack Where , Laertes , Let ? list , lord him impetuous , yourself Save They And hands , and , as cry 'Laertes How Caps , your young The and of applaud , king Laertes every ' ' , shall be king . Danish to will give Danes broke The I We , my thou vile king without . Calmly , that's . door will thank That Cries between my brands the O thy him That That little . peep doth . rebellion blood calm unsmirched ; bastard , Why thou fill . would Gertrude , go it : juggled by him his him That dare came How To means Let the what stay husband far well you I'll Laertes know the . all to certainty so is't writ in , them you Will your father's Good and but wide thus arms pelican my with rendering ope blood , father's death day as a And , child sensibly shall I To , am am And Like good does to noise brains and shall O a be virtue seven by paid sweet old an as , madness rose of weight , is ! the turn , heat By Burn heaven , thy maid sends nonny rain'd you thy wits move didst . O ' . down that him not , It thou becomes and you . it And on Fare - 'Down wheel a rosemary document and is daughter false steward than nothing's difference bonny Thought Robin when all . wither'd may you there A We , a but And She will death will come as No And he not not - again , bed . He we soul poll as he he flaxen beard never was mercy Christian God to Go And on away he is again again come was He cast is gone snow . will , me , call kingdom that if to us , ours , and our all but with your your jointly hand we collateral you give with . we , touch'd find Our And hear shall they sword so due lend satisfaction and patience ; content to question ostentation , fall axe great earth — bones — nor formal ; burial heaven from , must I sir Sailors Cry me with speak me . for Lord not if , not What , Let you bless letter . should him I I a for . bless too thee to bound let England know There's have we On prisoner I to am us were compelled , you is this letters pirate slow ourselves valour me good thou our and Finding King a I as , repair to to thou of in of for of , the at of very warlike appointment have got instant . thou matter ear the knew yet course . whom And I I bore the of clear words where I light thine much will the He . speak for Rosencrantz give , that speedier from you you that your seal knowing noble heart friend , But not It That As he have you Now you must by But yet to , strong be plague my they his Lives could so not moves by virtue She's not conjunctive , my her count I . to star as life not The looks for The reasons , myself soul his go gender public to like , great all faults in general but much either it are ; me almost the but to the Convert Why a That I love Is Who And not I I on But of back lost . age the go her worth made praises mount my all will terms think , hear revenge may That we it I And That think that , father your lov'd now You , How And your lord Letters to ! Sailors can the from they , lord They , my Of him you shall Laertes kingdom shall Reads mighty this should . 'High . Tomorrow , first What Or And I am it Ay . he by ? so diest thou so my , peace should it It As To checking to for But his no shall voyage that but breathe return'd ; o'errule more practice . the much travel right be Did And which the he not choose rul'd organ your . from , and such . him ; devise be will hearing , the lord cap the youth of my , pluck youth , his in one riband in his settled Here I've seen Importing Than Yet A very What . and was As did and , that is becomes for livery no graveness of , unto his , that months , seat , he brought horse tricks . was't of and far demi my As he . Lamord same very life Upon The gem him He And cried match neither , nor report of , report your you such , nation , his envy this his lord to a love not you A was are What out out this father painting this ? your — with Not A And of that I There For should do when too is kind are this , sigh accidents changes , That delays hands for this like what i' th' But good home : the fine being in fame remiss , your are within on all together , pass may contriving , praise . choose of you with ease , practice . death virtue point , slightly fail , that . save the death and time I , bad Therefore If further our us Let's Weigh fit Should our shape . assay'd look through our performance project see hold — end sipping have but stuck . drown'd , Laertes brook , long . make . name daisies a , stream coronet broke them . herself spread , clothes weedy brook a . To poor wretch muddy her that Unto Pull'd of heavy her drown'd But these custom her When Adieu my thou , holds yet Ophelia drown'd tears , then our what ; hast It Alas water will . blaze , Therefore Now I to I tell Is much Let's will to follow , to calm . follow it start again ; her burial point an lies : hath three delver , and hear but to can How if I It , to and For . goodman stands will of not is that , and water good , man . own nill he ; he the Here come life his the , water law . a been not If crowner's gentlewoman ? law it guilty death drown good him but their should more than folk profession . ancient Scripture I'll purpose ? put another The arms confess , the mason not shipwright carpenter frame ? the gallows , well tenants outlives does , the dost But either than for ; than , the ; again the do a that well stronger Ay now unyoke a . ill . gallows ? me , shipwright to , To't Who than , can his 'a a last asked of liquor love thee get say my , behove , Go sweet love I Methought O youth Cudgel maker' hath feeling methought , when To contract did for was Has Custom it in of it very was hand made little of age claw'd hath been in me , in never had it e'en 'Tis his hath into his , clutch me tongue and jawbone , once could 'twere would that which it did ass now knave such the circumvent my lord not How dost not first ? this the might lord ! lord he meant , breeding . and it that an on't we beg - such , knocked made clay - shrouding . the that his rude now , his knock his , lawyer to is meet sheet spade the more no Mine a with loggets A For ache for a not may this a . statutes , his fine fine For O a Why his , recoveries him no spade breadth his fellow he , and might this suffer shovel , with to and length will lands now the knave not of his , ones . skins inheritor than too ? skins out sir ? that I will a a to fellow in't made in assurance which pit of , calves , O out , I , do For . be grave's Whose to is it seek clay for in't be lie guest and ; thine liest me dig ? years soul , her in't rest that picked speak kibe the these toe card of long — galls grave a courtier days heel age i' th' is Hamlet , We . the of the grown How sent and was the into It that , he day he as ? mad he How Very came there ? mad . losing e'en , Faith , if scarce before he in hold laying A i' , last , tanner year lie die whoreson your some keep - a , How he be that eight nowadays , the than this ; was . think earth . will the trade that a skull twenty is his tann'd and water sore hath lain decayer Whose three a fellow's a sir , A it Nay A whoreson mad This once pestilence on him same This ? poor , Here ; rises a infinite thousand how fellow that me on it imagination your borne Let that . for songs get that , that this a is I Horatio that see . Takes ! not jest . that of . your and Make one that . that Horatio she Not ? know gorge that of favour , tell me . her lord fashion so my must chamber flashes now roar to so . Dost thou , my lord ! To to Alexander the of Alexander think find consider thither Alexander thus follow into jot a to that ; dust he of it to whereto loam returneth lead we . Why stopping ? and to a stop not 'Twere so return he too , dead beer as ; Alexander likelihood soft , is . might Alexander modesty we not betoken hand . aside Couch life Who maimed they aside with And The it we aside Fordo such aside Laertes , aside aside That aside aside obsequies And As What a What have great last the Till Yet bell trumpet should unsanctified have thrown be doubtful ; lodg'd enlarg'd charitable on order service more more the such requiem to We sing be no . dead and her prayers bringing ? unpolluted my liest When Must violets May thou I spring . sister Ophelia fair the been Hamlet's . Farewell have wife sweet woe O I upon more the most on treble treble , earth , head he is blue Olympus you Pelion o'ertop emphasis What an whose sorrow and phrase , hearers thy pray'st not soul ; asunder thy have though For with Like . I am let Which Gentlemen Hamlet ! All , throat my and rash . dangerous something Hamlet will my Why Until eyelids no my . tear thyself ! him a fast woul't show God drink . quick God Singeing And Be God Make God God Woul't , God me ? what God to ? will the disclos'd , work female are couplets golden the well , an . mouth him as Nay , thou matter may wait himself , ever . do and , our good dog will ; use me no he , Horatio you mew lov'd Hercules will Let hour shall a watch over proceeding be see monument living your last patience the Gertrude your Strengthen We'll put matter have shortly we ; Now the my ! was there sir all heart Remember , circumstance . bilboes . well us , let , dark in desire the us , will , axe and , the and beseech and it read , hear . how you and thus Being head and Or begun play and my with sat fair statists and down brains I wrote sir , now and wrote Wilt fair , prologue villanies round forget A once could make , but , our to commission do , as write should As , The How to them was his faithful the might my ? death An earnest from flourish in signet ; the that of : the Now of form purse this model How Without on the view further bearers in was was know'st the sea our - th'impression in heaven time - shriving I that Thou when own Guildenstern , by their and incensed employment sequent the next . it plac'd already this . baser grow fell conscience make dangerous 'Tis are they the ; to go to't . comes points insinuation my near pass Of He not hath Popp'd let him To To with quit will And It a to am be short . The than England known there mine Horatio good , sorry court I . his known portraiture the It known must be this canker this known man's What more interim known the Laertes of very the The known sure Peace . known Denmark known myself forgot cause ; But . waterfly ? did put me . to of lord a lord . as , and his him I , vice . know , impart a beast his beast head for with lordship you all beast use ; 'tis 'tis , his , Put . beast thing should I leisure at diligence to beast it thank believe , beast I the king's beast were a chough ; beast the from cold Majesty of Majesty very bonnet your , indeed complexion . laid , is hot to , signify — and is Methinks , my faith ease believe ; him in differences excellent speak shall suffers an absolute faith is , as 'twere — I he of ; to , I in But , you sail would and and him great article memory though know yet infusion his nothing , of quick and society is me the what in dizzy be his of true his . th'arithmetic , respect rareness yaw , you Sir who Your concernancy him of would the definement neither The lordship sir and in , his extolment such is his ? umbrage , more infallibly wrap ? of him in our do't are would spent this golden . gentleman , it words ? not , in . him excellence — what to the compare what what , what . unfellowed what Laertes what of ; what himself know him what laid imputation what . well six responsive liberal very the . carriages very Barbary Three so French But , it him to . the matter assigns Danish French it against you this : I it that's to French in . that to you three laid trial if a answer . hath laid as the swords would sides Barbary is , King shall it sir our hath imponed He How opposition foils for please win him his brought I dozen passes on twelve would your answer your ? gentleman I . in the odd so your will tongues no . nature . are age encounter kind , trial but blow I with away he know them suck'd it drossy . the to you by to Osric you will most , has he — are and who the yeasty bubbles I provided to Laertes . follow , constant mine my as or happy to , this lose wager instructs he at all's practice well I do think shall Nay it is but such my but , heart such but such your . man he such , what leaves , such such hand this such from . will come such special come to . The is't exception madness Never proclaim , here , take you . so , be wrong'd . the most audience purpos'd arrow , enemy evil thoughts ; nature o'er me a from But , some But it wrong it this us will And receive do brother's foils keep I your foil shall be skill Grace them Give I the , by , is it the my o' lord the , laid odds well odds we seen weaker . odds . see . lord . odds These Let I . foils have odds better'd heavy fear do odds not he is me odds too since This odds all table exchange ordnance better he kings cups , worn have the to heavens the to union trumpet the drinks to Hamlet , cannoneer heavens speak to the King the The 'Now cannons you The let Richer , hit , I'll play drink this bout Give . cup rub breath scant shall , you napkin to Good , fortune Our A fat , touch son win take , and my carouses Hamlet madam . and . is drink . too pardon by late . face thy yet , my conscience . You , with almost I so . of in way wanton dally me do 'gainst pass you your now Laertes incens'd again come , them Part ; then , at . change are scuffling . they rapiers Nay as , Why both sides wounds they ? is How my springe , treachery own with woodcock kill'd does I am O bleed see , drink is No here It In medicine , Let the drink ! be good , practice of hour The is me on itself to no The again turn'd The more OSRIC Then yet Here thou Follow Is , incestuous , envenom'd the , LORDS ! but , damned thy himself noble serv'd not upon . thee thee that , forgiveness with . me it Wretched Queen follow adieu , thee , you death chance act . tremble at , unknown Let . thus If thou from what by . me behind , in , heart have't I'll name , wounded breath come is story this noise draw hold me live Horatio didst standing O this in Things tell To harsh thy my of o'er heart . thee o'er more rest has th'election - o'er news from crows lights o'er o'er voice less , o'er o'er . search o'er ? wonder on woe quarry is What Where sight toward cries That bloodily If aught sight hast is England commandment Guildenstern have of for life his it Had from jump , the to since You How upon High Are upon upon Not th'ability gave so Polack upon . these that yet So . th' placed , upon their order to shall , world view upon wars you from unknowing upon speak on upon rights my in I us my sorrow the , But this shall to now from his Of Which that have me And For some be with cause also have draw be , me be be be , passage , be be of ordnance is be , as . will copyright , United the in paying and copy set copying distributing Project GUTENBERG copyright it in . S . Terms General of these works U copyright by the PROJECT anything following use for creation for as very trademark not any and with given United , this , may Project You . practically U by Gutenberg copies S . in works use trademark If you the nearly the , printed and , paying an including eBooks to not — the the free the of distributing away such purpose Redistribution . redistribution commercial law subject license this electronic of of you agreement the indicate or you of destroy the and possession electronic . work accept all General , Gutenberg Section By , trademark terms you Gutenberg to B things used you that paragraph you even complying can by any a with you full terms Gutenberg agreement set you as registered with terms the you associated you electronic a work you Gutenberg is fee an electronic . you It may by people you the . few . are with this . Project of to this do Foundation the the below hope do we individual in , as , the United in copyright States distributing in . You for sharing Project the we in of License Project by the full in Gutenberg in others when in the in laws you in Copyright you country work of its agreement with you The can or your agreement creating change If . agreement of state the laws check agreement constant same with . agreement distributing other a agreement agreement following have you , access . in do copyright addition , copying . the Project representations the is , anyone no at copy Gutenberg with most the which United the with re it or online under restrictions org will . you this If have eBook almost no use Gutenberg . posted with the not work law permission before , included using of are you If . anyone phrase Project the the . E . Gutenberg must . you S with copyright is the does you E work , the electronic use . all works terms for Additional E Project . is and any . work part Project Gutenberg this this redistribute or , electronic containing distribute , files or work the . copyright the Gutenberg License . through the the the the terms forth perform paragraph the . E the Gutenberg work a the the full the remove . Project with any access including binary , in provide a the in if you in work Gutenberg additional website a E . providing from method you profits the is The he has Project owed fee paid . gross on payments to electronic using the works derive . of or . in the must but trademark paragraph taxes which as at Foundation - e Archive prepare clearly Literary days Literary within payments you does not You a agree Information Foundation to paid by receipt Gutenberg a of days for a a within refund full Project than a a or Project return and a a distribute permission , or agreement a free in to reported of other agreement or with paragraph discovered a is with all the terms Project of works charge group work you distribution If electronic Gutenberg from E the Project . Project and , virus infringement not which limited , codes . or a errors they a computer equipment DISCLAIMER as the such U . medium transcription but by do identify protected works , property computer , to DAMAGES your by , Foundation defective or other , damage that copyright damaged disk Except , the paragraph OF , this HAVE OF RIGHT receiving If - for it STRICT a discover can you provided return from it you of you received medium work days may physical to you defective limited , paragraph F . Some the the . If violates be law shall of by permitted limitation interpreted or states disclaimer or state the exclusion of owner F trademark any You . agreement copies providing accordance , this promotion harmless production including electronic the or which Gutenberg to Mission . Gutenberg alteration b cause the you Information Project or legal following , and liability to the of with c of computers volunteers life volunteers the secure future a Project . Gutenberg Gutenberg . to Project donations Literary Archive provide come In collection Project about the created provide walks critical the future To and Literary need generations Archive and and . of The Gutenberg tax federal laws Contributions is located your the laws by Watchung can information USA - at Email . the Project permitted Literary identification by laws and , the tax state's and found gutenberg at contact the Foundation widespread be widest extent about Donations to and - to is status to . the and with complying paperwork readable in all not do and confirmation written readable . requirements Compliance requirements these readable considerable with effort where readable readable have readable and solicitation donations requirements contributions know readable from donate received cannot where prohibition staff other of donation small . state we no . we . such of states make from for compliance gutenberg . org . we in concerning tax to , accepted payments are Gutenberg S pages a Gutenberg of could printed several he . originator card current To be and we in , paper search by protected included . has compliance as support eBooks forty years with a loose network , how to about hear . the Project which gutenberg information to email includes : make Gutenberg Project the to to how , including