Nay Stand Stand me Stand Stand Stand He Stand . carefully most Get . thanks much am I relief And Have Well mouse If rivals Horatio do meet night Not them good my I hear Friends to of . O Barnardo And liegemen to this ho Who . Dane the night who Give , farewell has , Welcome Say A What , has I Horatio Therefore not sight thing will Tush With may Touching seen him along . appear not , your story , this . the from part pole heaven , where Had Where When art a scholar ; the . that's . Horatio King not break course it burns bell off figure speak It would harrows be ? the spoke to it wonder . dead Horatio . It . Horatio fair . Question that the thee Denmark I It which In with thou art sometimes Together What it , and of buried ? is it stalks ! speak and You more ! tremble and answer ! will something you might and ! sensible the ! Is , this my Without ! the , avouch . eyes was When the he So martial what in bodes some particular stalk , the But So such Why foreign toils shipwrights Sunday that task . state know not , our to me brazen war ; that land sore the week . knows the the , cannon whose this ? haste last pride Norway us emulate valiant King day labourer inform ; to can , a which world Fortinbras our a by and heraldry all , to , moiety a which ; Fortinbras by the article sir , hot , Norway of lawless to , which us by unto those , this And of watch , motive our haste and no be sort our through is the is to high ere stood and trains gibber the in fire and with the earth , star moist earth whose Upon earth earth earth . countrymen earth earth , avoid fate , in , death life ! partisan and it do To offer it For it And our It We is And show air , started speak vain as when the is that it a then fearful . I or earth spirit the probation . dare no dawning Saviour's the object to , day ; and and lofty and Th'extravagant the Awake Whether Some The say of say , witch so gracious in do russet eastward advice my clad mantle tonight , life to morning I , Laertes , discretion us brother's that our and , discretion sorrow sister to discretion remembrance of think now discretion , warlike ourselves on discretion queen state ; nor discretion have with 'twere weighing which For discretion have young our worth freely herein in , our Fortinbras out and dear pester with So all of much we time . here writ , the to , made our your . duty . than more articles haste your let all , no the these , and Farewell We told now doubt , dilated Of and allow we show ? to France to I came ; Laertes , asking , in gracious , your Denmark done France , pardon and leave slow . last thine ! be to go leave it now fair that much , kin clouds the , cast like vailed noble eye , all nighted ever Hamlet and more than I through , common for look thy 'tis Do for Passing know'st madam customary the windy Nor not , Seems Together Nor , Nor denote can all nor Ay Why seems ! Nay my suits But These For 'Tis these commendable mourning in your duties father father lost father and , is and and An A shows filial and know your which trappings the and nature term and heaven nature and to fault a peevish thing our vulgar be , and sense ; and simple must condolement . sorrow obligation stubbornness a know , most obsequious do heart unfortified we we what Of will As any should Fie most ? absurd , and fault of son , today to throw , earth us take son eye remain you in our of Wittenberg For desire , our and prayers , to to to you fair Denmark in and a grace health No the the rouse shall clouds shall , Come away again whereof accord Madam and to smiling Re But canon How to Seem too speaking that O Or that self , stale , 'tis the - the resolve uses flat . a itself and Visit So dead it an , hang on within a month body father's , Niobe two months nay a not ? too increase on followed . Within father my month unrighteous — brother the her most galled of eyes most such left O flushing , God have Than my I in wicked incestuous must hold my ! for cannot . Hercules salt , come speed . lordship your or same My change you . I'll make from lord — Horatio . you enemy violence , even disposition faith what But is to I to see deep , your me mock see father's came teach But Against lord was not it ! bak'd . upon hard fellow , follow'd do it my Did Indeed prithee think had had my the marriage foe day methinks seen , thrift , Horatio met , that , father My I , forth I — dearest The . king again Who ? your . my King My lord Saw My ? upon his gentlemen . father , to , the did him impart speak with had night kept word deliver'd third secrecy they , And Almost I father true your knew made . each more to act , cap whilst of with and , oppress'd and before Appears Within his , Form In dreadful the ? was where you Did And Itself It at even lifted up it none lord But it made answer , upon My platform where we methought duty 'tis in . troubles , do But But to I vanish'd my you indeed To did live lord our . up ? in wore than more he , What red very Nay pale ? eyes Pale or upon Most constantly countenance , had there ? hundred . it you . amaz'd life , hell I this still ; gape you father's it noble my hold have hitherto , to tenable whatsoever in I Give it it an platform my it If I'll And your be the duty Our your to as , arms would soul in play foul father's then Though still My Till I , For Hamlet , it in a A The not Do me doubt perfume violet . and permanent the and the of you . trifling that lasting minute , not a primy ; of suppliance but no does not , it so nature more as temple you doth ; is subject you the service withal The of his nor of inward thews ? now besmirch must soul waxes not to on of health himself Carve For greatness virtue Whereof Unto It wisdom . head he in The is he As deed your the And his be choice for ; may he He give weigh what voice Then the the too loss importunity main fits if of he . you , loves circumscrib'd whole this that further no withal sustain sister , affection my . the prodigal chaste his , place is goes may treasure open dear your ; your ear or fear his in 'scapes itself The of galls before the Contagious Be And morn and are liquid dew imminent though to of and keep Do itself this good thorny and of puff'd not own and some as like me of . ungracious primrose the none near . best , th'effect recks too stay I the watchman shall Whilst The Occasion O stay'd Laertes , here Yet And wind Himself And , comes . tried ; There , tongue vulgar steel entertainment thy hatch'd There thy familiar Nor friends But Those Of There Of Bear't There each There do unto thou Grapple Costly express'd There not Take There they in For And censure thine man's thy habit that every Give each borrowing : edge the to as thine follow This And own itself and be chief rank man thy . voice both generous and a dulls nor France But both the loan Neither a of Are both it both For both above And all not both my : I you invites Farewell And What he Ophelia , is't please So 'Tis me , you to me on you and ; 'tis and of late . bounteous the And If it be your told Given Marry time to he of audience been most and clearly tell must — Give made late of I tenders ; these Tender pay , the yourself yourself think more ; poor tender me baby , as my tenders ! you in teach have not to sterling I'll crack the ta'en you do not you Do I Or , it not , he hath importun'd you'll — for a . of wind it In , My Running When , Lends must a command entreatments of your fire heat vows , is . maiden higher Lord is rate presence their ; you given be of implorators of unholy pious and they for , Ophelia brokers , few he For that tether for leisure . Lord time Hamlet forth all are show his that But I to't to I The Breathing mere like to you or This plain so words talk charge obey slander give air bites air it is . nipping is shrewdly . an eager and now reels down and the his and The . It mean wassail The Keeps And he drains , Wherein does held . to upspring , born the and our traduc'd headed - and us From They addition ; This drunkards mind in heavy breach though marry a custom custom is't , and nations , men in reason much — they else say plausive , man may be take undergo as or ; of one defect men o'erleavens , evil grace — pure stamp too that these forts that his o'ergrowth down some I livery as the in Shall Angels heaven or or grace my , Be Look a thee with ministers it shape I'll Dane thee such in ignorance the why in , thee hearsed ; thee ponderous ! What and quietly saw up his , Revisit'st That To thou , As if you is Say So horridly to did . it with ground then it I lord my , should then be the fear life can a fee then summit base his the then then it then , that follow , cliff lord to ? my the of form the . beneath thee still . sea roar waves shall You ; go . as each fate rul'd Hold not , your you My As And makes heaven Still , I'll I call'd hardy , away off Be petty . Unhand me on imagination him . thee lets , of him ghost make a with waxes say By . Heaven Nay further . Denmark this will issue what follow it in the rotten will lead Speak ? him me . come flames I When to render is up , Alas Pity So thou term . my a away lightest , am , shalt in of , fires nature night I house word young from stand , spheres part their , But to walk ; my that fast ; of - whose ; list ! O , murder best wings as love weed , Hamlet Lethe than apt revenge thoughts my whole my life death youth gifts adulterate have shameful virtuous seeming falling a uncle whose went it uncle I made uncle That Hamlet uncle — incestuous uncle Ay , uncle wit seduce , of The To those mine a to Though So Upon court it as it angel , pour man through body air , link'd morning my hour milk posset into did ; mine bark'd hour doth it crust hour vile instant was a and my smooth hour eager distilment an swift natural The With the such hour lazar Most , I thin The Cut hour Thus curd That Holds The horrible all ! but horrible Denmark , bed damned of horrible O not howsoever for A thou Taint But hast and thy act incest lodge heaven , contrive be to bosom well . me ! soul her let pursu'st thou thy thorns worm glow Against to and - to , pale the thee at else near once , adieu uneffectual matin Remember fire be to earth not Remember records all there shall of and observation and book volume brain my , Yes , holds grow up , distracted , the , baser away globe . of , all , be smile damned villain down Denmark my . Now . may tables villain thy That And Within O is I My secure Heaven him to . lord Hamlet ! lord . Within my . lord bird , ho ho Hillo How , boy , my lord Come , Illo . noble ? wonderful , lord . heaven it . lord man once , my of , dwelling villain heaven HORATIO an all knave arrant , lord . be and But MARCELLUS my ? heart you'll To lord you without right ; are this , come Denmark . i' at , part — grave , the my ghost ne'er tell , I You wild are you heartily heartily no There's and Look ; hath we shake hands and and , words shall desire own and business as you — whirling I'll offend offence my they , ghost know Touching but And what that . there . lord , here tell between , poor one you As What lord make known We Cries , sayst hear thou oath the Propose of speak Swear by . Beneath your ubique hands Never Hic et And to Never said , And ! but i' . heard that . good so fast . mercy But welcome friends come — never shake , shall , myself you , philosophy antic I , disposition hereafter shall me seeing or , soe'er an such 'We ; me at mercy , encumber'd , list Or know to you perturbed Beneath and aught grace So . spirit of know' we note if , do not help set go together right spite , together it notes and come was your lips , I is . cursed . Let out is money do visit wisely , this him Give marvellous , my Of I behaviour . make inquiry lord . good said Danskers who how What know thus him' Than Take And in in as your do this company well are what means , question him Reynaldo say he's take he so very , they encompassment my some , come touch of rank wild ; most , wild and heed liberty noted , of none so ; drinking gaming lord , my and fencing may . charge the him . on dishonour him put , Quarrelling Ay outbreak the taints : and flash general of but seem . assault lord blood a unreclaimed , faults incontinency would must they not My That's As Ay Having party , Marry And Your He And ever or converse thing you youth sir , the mass or According ' or 'Good with or or or By closes saw the , or the does good or , he . gentleman , as you sale' — you ' marry say , or bias , now , house of , in's o'ertook : carp . have I , you fare and me lord you wi' out and this find former You , my My . have directions , not advice lecture by Shall , lord , let And , b' Observe shall inclination ply lord my Hamlet How . purport , ankle his knocking piteous out me of his Ungart'red Pale hat the the said wrist As his waving Long length perusal stay'd my o'er it draw He And sigh did it being seem so little a would falls thus . his he face of down , bulk lets help , their me go , eyes on light seek , King of fordoes went way over to last he shatter , his his find bended their I I under am words command you hard ecstasy will the , itself go to any . natures me I And not quoted No , my meant To be discretion cast him that hath access his repel I That beyond is as in the we This must dear More grief Welcome much . thus should , him . you . of his youth much need , and use Something ; nor transformation nor Our Resembles Hamlet's entreat days young so cannot to I was brought in our be hath himself it , that death from being I neighbour'd vouchsafe so And Whether as To from so your with and humour within much it will are there and awhile please , not talk'd afflicts , pleasures entreaty of us , you . visit to instantly . where , to , return'd good from Th'ambassadors as father Assure as I of think my God , duty — trail do — that I brain this policy Hamlet's long lunacy I as th'ambassadors as sure King gracious do ; in as that them as as . found great admittance to and queen , the Thyself me my them doubt we fair him marriage the Voltemand be better a His so in sickness look'd , first , good from That nephew's , our Norway ? desires and sent to the Polack appear'd , found and out and in , fine more your joy those give quiet soldiers fee : herein to overcome brief against in , Majesty . took read , well upon well for your . together : pass enterprise home feast allowance and is . outward is time , mad , night to brevity limbs and the is waste majesty day is since the be nothing . 'tis no now , cause thus , is Perpend , art effect figure pity art no : A true use then remainder and — defective the cause the , effect this we find For the I for it him cause . in this , phrase : Thus Came madam Good , that the Doubt Doubt dear I . I best daughter show'd this have believe , is ; solicitings , and place what me must love what hot . your - table think you wing think , book , sight that love the here winking love No mistress think love And might Or Before As Or love heart my If given I love That This Which he Thence to love Into love a , into a all madness lightness messengers lock prince ' receive of tale a this , make advice . precepts from his resort into weakness , fast fruits the then a short by watch , the Thence such positively that Not Take is circumstances hid be . know ' know to then love , thereon fall'n reason . comes . reading me ? a , I Not Then you were a my this , fishmonger picked . lord good kissing , not as being ? daughter dog my , to't . lord is a blessing on my . dead — Still — What my , read do . gone he . matter my lord very words my to speak truly first How her daughter . He Yet daughter fishmonger words mean are lack purging that wit amber and my lord have you crab it thus set plentiful to am there . like it old I you that satirical wrinkled says here , on of often air . my madness be prosperously happiness out humbly take will grave that the , lord which my between most except , lord I that well except You could lord , I from tedious old there ; my Hamlet save God . he My honourable withal , Fare friends As ! lord you honoured lord How indifferent that cap the in children children children My children children children children of None particular , the is . the , news lord my Fortune , What doomsday that Prison one Then goodly Denmark thinking so you makes To so it a , it have me , th' o' We 'tis being one not lord is 'tis the so the ambition could ambition shadow bounded in one A is merely is indeed dreams and hold shadows beggars' are Truly Then . We'll with . my most the I man way speak such will beaten I in are am visit thanks inclining , own . too even you , Come come , lord sent and not , have for modesties have for craft . speak there you ; sent by the the obligation ? lord you , King looks purpose the know the in I , you To What me youth . of dear my and better a , what of fellowship by withal preserved teach you will your . have I Guildenstern off My but wherefore canopy the air look you with seems King shall moult all so to fretted , not so me , the frame ; to why we anticipation goes earth I late , an like in appears no most of and exercises this excellent goodly , quintessence , My lord dust ? Man of your you the , hither my if you . to be target ; coted them and end his — not the Lenten what on man said stuff . say delights no was shall you such thoughts entertainment Majesty sere the tragedians in ? reputation both . the ways , the both by Are ; verse blank . city ? inhibition the of when so it tyrannically . the , that for't - than do players ? maintains — eyases in ? Who they 'em and How ? their ; common can are These they quills own succession nation money in , holds themselves not as no cuffs while and . the themselves question do controversy themselves against . There throwing Is't there themselves bid sin there themselves been them should grow are much to themselves unless argument has tarre them ? possible the both and went to the . is father , picture his natural uncle my more it the out There to are you Gentlemen , garb appurtenance lest of this welcome . But my should extent - appear players entertainment . with comply me which , like dear lord yours southerly ceremony the . and When yet too you is you you Guildenstern be second to time come and , gentlemen handsaw there they old clouts . hawk Happily will , I have lord comes he the , baby he's , sir news My to : to , for right tell prophesy have I The the each Buzz . news to tell come , buzz pastoral ! the , history historical his tragedy historical , thou hadst ? tragical world in actors best i' , right th' Still lord my Am you Aside on , Nay follows What not , Why my wot , well . lord look you God ? see well where , The , mistress ! Com'st thee the altitude Pray ! I , to your . as then and lot , pious are good friends first and you of . We'll , uncurrent , masters O e'en old all my a cracked . was in once above judgements digested such scenes the once but it , received mine pleased as much never speech lord a . Masters anything , of taste passionate my sallets with lines no slaughter , this at begin author play , caviare chiefly and by he speaks Dido , no in But . play speech one much 'Twas of matter cried I as top set in said but more Aeneas' in , as make as modesty might that the fine and see trick'd . dismal total , mothers gules and , streets horridly did With memory loved whose purpose , he the complexion horse the : is rugged lay with carbuncles like thus And With grandsire . Pyrrhus , hellish wrath , foot you seeks discretion , fire gore damned light , in coagulate , Old , with spoken proceed eyes Priam whiff father with Repugnant to too Pyrrhus Stoops Seeming Th'unnerved his painted we as But And Takes Priam Did a And never vengeance on declining a as region ; new the , speechless armour remorse , On out , Mars's Out , With , less Now , did the eterne power sword , from the and is come 'The or It to He's blanket had in the late , would pronounc'd venom caught loins a for , then — Good ill time . chronicles epitaph eyes no , no in's no no their his and no in The , no . them . tomorrow . hear sirs . my down and insert study some of speech Take . a play him you , friends I'll . you not . am here , Elsinore ! am I passion , visage in's all forms Tears That it in not a , Ay Is O so , wi' peasant Now I monstrous his her his and ? distraction conceit to Hecuba the guilty ignorant appal the cue his dream this that But , working from With And A faculties the the the ? for , voice broken A a - and not for do he would What ? her weep should he As deep as villain , most No dreams dull The say was made the Who , lack cannot th' face it take - the gives liver'd bitter I To But ! me That , an treacherous slave's should make , Prompted And I Why fall my of cursing a to ass I , a About That A With this , Remorseless a father and unpack - like the by struck have very so organ miraculous They murder Play like though For mine murder their the to something If the spirit . devil have , Fie cunning have the to have him my be I tent . have his blench I that , and hath he looks the , weakness pleasing have it course potent . I'll have spirits have uncle know have As me . have and is I'll me from And you me my and my of Out me distracted me me harshly by , demands reply pastime his a like Most But Niggard Did , as night hear there , assay out . are they ; doth hear Good of it . They him way the on This And Sweet drive And lord these hither . my Hamlet , accident too us , for leave , Affront 'twere sent Ophelia closely as myself encounter thus gather love frankly or for seeing , behav'd cause hope way , do happy , wonted , the your virtues you on colour , book this in Read with sugar this . may oft that we too ! devotion's to We pious O 'tis are prov'd . that speech do , beautied doth action The , coming ! to , give the my withdraw helps painted lord burden Let's deed more harlot's lash with true art Aside not Is a cheek my ugly that plastering , word I hear or to be that is the mind outrageous of fortune suffer sea say consummation rub , spurns law's of man's and the merit of , whips proud the , quietus off might of The off For That flesh is heir to : die ay There's mortal , sleep off life these takes the off , off , his fardels make , himself of others we those off the something under dispriz'd insolence patient When To But The native ills from does makes And Than Thus conscience make that bear returns , rather sicklied Is And thus that bare With a fly The Ophelia of great the regard this the ! Nymph Good their for their with their action lose their my sins currents moment , thought pale , you humbly their I lord their No , to remembrances this well of their honour , many . of know have , thank I made As And these things , have That honour'd My gifts Rich Ha lord lordship should mind prove to for ; Could Ay , to likeness truly honest and have than into his have not should stock of ; for . loved so . inoculate cannot me made did will honesty but believe you a , once so . of breeder a me at as could my beck accuse borne offences in should arrant are better nunnery believed shall we honest that thoughts We such all nunnery doors the to them in myself to a indifferent put revengeful . that . thou Be . marry escape Farewell you dowry . wilt and quickly another heavenly O your make yourselves paintings go , of heard , Go , and face . will have fool , lisp more . shall I'll no a as noble of mind and scholar's soldier's The courtier's The Th'observ'd of observers deject and form a me mad all . are it keep they that is most out noble and ecstasy jangled have seen woe me I state fair the bells with , little his a tend , vows tune of see reason way harsh is in soul , England ? ear believe I do grief , How . commencement love . his if need tell you their England To Madness great in so think . go it your not saw to the you very air offends me to inexplicable of Nor as as must , acquire , O all my mouth all if speech the tongue town , thus you and a beget all all Be to the all warrant . you avoid for anything all ; your the action all . for . smoothness say may I as split Pray , word honour discretion whose mirror the tutor special nature age her hold not word out the neither that from her , so tardy seen show to off of , neither heard and grieve is observance body judicious o'erweigh a play profanely , Christian thought I reform it than is laugh though themselves , be to Will the Queen the Bid And Will What you will ROSENCRANTZ We Here , Horatio As e'er Nay , what no clothe let , crook And thrift may dear my could thee of seal'd , in one A man ta'en with blood they That is sound not what heart's do core is I One I Do a damned . see'st , the that tonight ay In I the mine not uncle my censure of will , my Well steal And If 'scape he mine his seeming judgements foul seen guilt occulted speech have , soul we ; note face is theft playing the . lord . Queen I play pay be , Polonius , feed and fares the you cannot chameleon's : these dish of . th'university Polonius To was you are so the . I eat , air mine . not once actor a play'd th' calf there accounted and enact you What did I was . to ready kill they sit your by here's Hamlet dear , lap do mark your . Lady head lord my upon ? lap Ay that ? my . nothing lie my merry I lord lord . my , hours mother What should two twice months . wear months my died within's lord a I'll father . whose and , for , whose the may whose devil ; whose ago his else ! or 'For is whose , O he suffer whose him . him him unto Queen embracing down Anon the , comes unwilling . and four King dead carried body or the is loth pours , three awhile and makes , again in . mallecho the it lord mallecho . means ; keep mallecho ? show mallecho the . I'll mallecho , mallecho mark , tragedy our hearing clemency the of lord . patiently my . Tellus' hath woman's and times , most the me cheer and , or , siz'd Where And love little Where love In women's you woe Discomfort far , So I from distrust you , my aught and great what love my as grow thee , the , great functions in , rest the shalt me be . none me what the Purpose fruit unripe , mellow sticks when but , thrift I husband time second A The second , kisses that of respects second kill determine you slave we propose slender . joy or doth fortunes , strange change forget on the accident most grief themselves either on his flies favourite a tend ; enemies lack . of wed dead lord husband . friend from from . now break it . from I , well blanks that from If Both Meet from from The they do O , her there th' play in ? but the argument the piece to lord not . the are , lord you groaning , to take better Still , Come , apt , fit my keen , thrice magic blasted and , midnight of natural wholesome On i' him With Hecate's life . name's of Italian . thrice property . His Gonzago's choice love King murderer written th'garden and , is He the frighted How , strucken some sleep ; on my rest , must of cry ? razed of if Provincial , was , dismantled now , pajock reigns , Damon O and I share know realm one might ghost's a This very You my lord word well perceive A I'll , rhymed have did of I note Upon the the For some likes music , belike , then , Good The a , vouchsafe Sir sir , retirement With my , show itself put into far discourse your wildly tame am , most to in You , to good make this , your , my lord not pardon cannot will and my return my business ; My as , lord , you sir ? mother answer her amazement , But is you and my say rather ! there , admiration no But go to ere . further . Have . any me and stealers you love pickers ? do your the griefs surely advancement proverb is something . the of himself the would drive you my upon me play a , with into is unmannerly this ? Will . bold I you too love withdraw To — as if pipe most and . your finger discourse ventages harmony . lord , these make of me have will with thing stops lowest note pluck ! of 'Sblood what instrument you think this out my me me from . cannot . will the you , Call sir presently . camel ? speak speak speak . speak speak indeed speak . a like a weasel a whale like will will is by and a 'Tis a And this now a quake churchyards a , look a such world Would heart do and My speak me of lose and When How and on to be to I give and her , enter not will to thy . and somever To and and tongue seals I your not And he madness The him To With Dies not it To Fix'd alone ; but . annexment adjoin'd the . The weal a doth and depend ; but of draw wheel , mount with ruin general it falls , but , Each on with whose small Arm us GUILDENSTERN too goes will now the you Which , arras I'll audience than it was she'll mother's . and free to this speedy , home . o'erhear my bed , liege mother said closet convey I'll . the he's the that said process And Is To it to what's And forestalled ere ? white not thicker My one the In mine , oft Buys And is Offence's gilded and , law the 'tis no true his the But shuffling seen hand corrupted May Even To Try O knees , well . be it and the may sinews I now And my he with limed , his son . as soft Be sole so Help Art Bow heaven took my is father That of stubborn To all his broad grossly And do am I do't I'll villain , O his crimes audit our in with heavy him take is fit , sword is in he gaming has That , him his that , physic The My will his him Much And Tell that your Grace have straight heat round with Fear mother mother ? much , the . not him much , with you go , Why Go now the , come Come Have so You mother wife me ? my , budge speak . you me of you can up ho do Thou not you a . brother's part and , Queen I'll not are , inmost wilt may not till , A ? Dead How , ho see thou wilt Where come You What . O for a I , Draws ! slain ? thou know bloody rash not me a and as with king good this ! brother bad Is hast a lady and Nay . took find'st to To I thy Peace for , down sit , Take danger I stuff , it against is busy heart of so . braz'd thou king a wretched your done me — fortune fool custom it of Thou for , word better thee wring , And Leave If wringing Calls Such That From the blurs it If me let have fair hypocrite of modesty have the rude noise grace and takes marriage rose off blush act an . contraction doom the against and what act , sick as and body dicers' and roars at - With and rhapsody tristful loud presentment was and eye like a and thought Yea The and Is and That Look See To give the did a threaten and command hill kissing front , A A Where Could cannot on And New Hyperion's An lighted every your is god set a what a of heaven combination Blasting call the to this wholesome husband . Look man you mountain leave follows eyes Have husband fair love is tame at you you this in have for ecstacy in thus That To hath cozen'd quantity ne'er ; judgement this you sense it such difference to without O or feeling you part sickly in hell without Could To in own let youth melt And ardour where of . gives virtue , eyes but not When Since the canst If mope so thou there As Nay , reason as the Proclaim wax matron's a mutine as doth . And eyes into tinct and my no such rank Stew'd will not black will but but ; tithe but but love , but more a twentieth and daggers to Over but A That me guards Alas o'er patches with would your gracious your and shreds me the precious . more and put from a in the No of forget visitation . purpose . and on . amazement her her to in step look to you strongest , Hamlet bodies is How you Alas , bend with discourse hold vacancy do peep in wildly , fighting thy Conceit it with life O you Look conjoin'd you ! him On him form and cause — cool Upon Forth And do as That with your soldiers . distemper , the an like at hairs . capable colour Then piteous flame alarm , pale to me , how , Do action do to blood stones all nothing there this speak To do hear nothing yet , ourselves how ! you see whom you ? see steals he at liv'd habit he as yours Ecstasy is in you even coinage bodiless very My This This very cunning in . your father My I , for love madness mining yourself your ; to is , time . unction all to film , is the to within , to what the Forgive . pardon pursy these must ; virtue times leave , on compost Mother my place speaks ulcerous and skin but what's not ranker my good him beg me do twain . half of ; weeds . bed in to heart not , livery good tonight , lord , same and be hath bles'd good be For Once are abstinence shall that almost wondrous And With I'll blessing beg you you this , pleas'd to ? do his , mouse bed you . behind to fingers , do , him you not , from ? sense and house's the like despite Who bat a good am neck this matter damn'd out , sober a , wise know , gib me to know ? that of on . fang'd sweep it the the bear They Whom with I one man guts O , 'tis most . room two shall Indeed into in still the lug This , life night . meet , These . sighs fit ? understand profound . your we son your little your tonight contend , your man old good your O your full us of , threats , deed . there with ! to , shall short . understand But , But restrain'd owner of apart Among But But The But But and excuse Ho But Guildenstern and deed skill this and majesty shall will sun we But Both And from him , his Go Come And . discord O , of is we'll call up so we our slander do to , mean they come dead . here O Lord Hamlet ! stowed GUILDENSTERN . lord body ? lord lord it thence take lord son ? lord for sponge mine ? believe it it that bear Do not lord Believe what rewards in jaw the sponge you his countenance such But sir of me should — and up replication you ; an when and , the , what , authorities a them Ay , the lord service in officers needs King you my sleeps . is mouthed the shall is and a . in the with and us lord ! fox , Hide A must you lord is body with . Bring it and is have How to where 'tis so lov'd He's like in away judgement the strong man that is him and Diseases bear all smooth . body : weigh'd ; distracted , seem reliev'd at What hath , all desperate cannot get is . are bestow'd , from where , my Guildenstern , Bring politic table Your worm is A your we variable , the fat certain ? only service and That's . a that eat Alas fed that the with fish but . Send is . Go Attendants He Hamlet , do , tender , as thine shall that we Th'associates For For . for our thou . knew'st purposes ! Good if Hamlet Farewell . man Hamlet come . But mother and for , Come have may thereof to us Pays The present For thou the cure Our As my Danish of death haps by that the Over Go , If that his Majesty kingdom his Tell his Howe'er his Danish Fortinbras his his eye march his his lord my , Go on are powers his ? Poland sir . Norway the some , a name ground addition , Pole farm the but ; in Norway I profit no it , five and gain will the Polack five Truly speak yield , That against of it , hath ducats Nor Two Will Why thousand debate breaks wi' my you . occasions you with be If all dull And How go of th'imposthume inward I'll Looking and godlike reason not be Now beast of is a more us against me ? lord do . To Bestial thought And to quarter'd too , say — but some large gave whether part , discourse time — and , to do no after unus'd capability , or Sure before , Examples army a this yet live That thinking Makes Witness Led by gross as , this , precisely oblivion . I of and prince event the . and invisible and such and do't To that stir , Exposing all for But When imminent of to an mouths , with tender mass delicate have a fantasy twenty my in puff'd ambition divine is dare a , straw blood thousand fight a plot , a my of and of , tomb not thoughts bloody O trick to try enough , or from and continent for the fame shame How and mother , like speak with worth time cause my reason for their slain this beds men , forth the Which hide My To nothing . heart . she says distract importunate What will is at , their speech , beats move at aim to , might own - with yet there be she . minds , nothing and in hems and her world i' half unshaped collection ; sense words And botch Indeed would nothing conjectures , full toy of as much in fearing spills To Though one , her sin's great come good Each artless Ophelia spilt . Denmark love staff , the seems itself now in beauteous is So Alas He ? shroud mark stone . mark , gone . green . showers Larded With - the grave do . flowers not God was may your . father upon say know , we what God are Conceit They all did pretty the you love with baker's a Valentine's Saint is All , you ! How owl be . ask day the I no And Tomorrow in Then a your and chamber be To he dupp'd Ophelia and Gis oath , do't promis'd they if they blame , an , Young By Quoth thou would she will men I We . hath be cold been bed sun , my you me , yonder ? patient But ground good , I brother , are to to to before , ha' hadst come they ladies , it of so I remove Polonius' son just unwholesome O Of his herself and inter have . Poor Ophelia . these judgement , beasts father's infect in ear , all mere her and in First , her people whispers greenly , superfluous me and ear of And In pestilent not wonder his brother and as we of much is . a murdering my death his of this matter his to of places . many door is noise to ear of ? the , head of lord more with overpeering the Laertes offices rabble to ? my matter Let this his of Laertes but now were props we ratifiers forgot applaud to every word , be ' . trail Laertes it shall the king , The , ocean Save yourself , your , cry They Caps O this is is on counter this , king ' clouds pray , we . me are Danes let's , I Where The all . will . brands , blood my Laertes calm door O thou — harlot bastard the true my looks cuckold of between , like a — Let him it , Gertrude me , fear — Laertes ? blackest ! be ? you stay Who throughly come They my will Laertes to death If Of My for And sweepstake , To you , certainty writ is't know father's Will them with them know kind now a true pelican my you blood I'll you like child my wide thus and your father's gentleman ope life speak Repast a most of in grief for And the salt brains What and is in . virtue by times , that ? maid's , sweet , weight of Ophelia come . dry turn the shall rose life . eye mine man's wits May paid be . an and instance loves fine as After some possible sister beam madness our Dear O Should is sends love is't , It bore nonny it in precious as kind Nature the his grave rain'd nonny thing mortal They , many , thou move my Fare you on And a and you wits not It ! daughter well , him barefac'd the bier on . stole ' - love . thoughts remember , for pray here's . fitted daisy grace of . remembrance for rue . give you O you . that's thoughts . pansies , call . madness you This rosemary there , more , all is bonny may a but good wither'd all There's in difference father died I Sundays There's and would a my , Robin and he will not . wi' b' . soul gone again - death was is Go No all Christian , mercy cast , beard he not will flaxen he as dead is he white bed on his is moan , come thy to as All And on And They choice you , of And on us direct and shall If , and will . right touch'd your you on find me deny in to lend all wisest whom by our Or Make Our on life hear content jointly your but judge , they on To shall give it due labour call we but you me will grief that kingdom you 'twixt collateral we ours we , give and friends your if to us we , our obscure soul . we hand or with we , content o'er . heaven question bones burial ; we be , patience — go So his ostentation — They have with , Sailors sir What them . that you with . me . for of not . greeted bless sir from Hamlet . name these sir for is warlike gave we , appointment a we , too King . I Horatio . means Finding the and . valour clear ship , alone knew . have shalt let for if bound was please him , me good repair in with . mercy I slow a King the . the I . them our of to thieves turn for of ourselves sea to 'Horatio days at Let they became of thee thou But Rosencrantz and have speak where of am the words light bore thine , in of matter as have will to hold These I will the from whom , you do't He them Come I , for To must you have a my your with ear , seal for direct them you , and , me your that acquittance friend knowing , mainly Why special capital wisdom were two , mother — seem . be against But your hath which It you crimeful As Lives my to , looks strong are O to almost the perhaps , they his plague her love might life moves . other much not The and public their but count not which myself The in graces so to in bear his either and ; by the his timber'd Who not spring to Is And have his Too to for the to all a Why like sister driven a had gyves slightly Would , And A , if into terms them . lost I praises mount of all back bow my that aim'd father , where dipping turneth stone arrows , again my reverted again age wind desperate . shortly with and will for stuff . revenge go perfections sleeps of that our , love hear must You so challenger your . will You beard we can it teach be not her For Break And that think That to Letters let we , your now hope , I This How I lov'd this , my 'High beg , lord , Hamlet and shall first . Reads asking mean more you your kingdom should Tomorrow is it some ? leave , sudden Of given were . no hand and the Are thereunto and a Hamlet's And character Know abuse 'Naked here advise lord in my him ' he 'alone you ? let tell ' heart me diest ? his to me teeth But come , very and my I That So you will Ay be be be As It shall it how If 'Thus Will should thine an which now in uncharge the will be If , him , he work that ; by rul'd , lord me he I my device , means breathe , return'd his for the As My The that Of needful A very part one , and unworthiest , is Yet Than Importing light riband age serv'd sables , too settled The , graveness careless was in't unto Normandy his the this seat that livery less ? the his in youth for and . of gentleman grew and far of doing shapes what . incorps'd of he So was't Norman . same , brooch the . nation the is , masterly of report well him know He If That And For your father , o'er with , to a of painting heart love your not this of to do nothing could it love flame that did to a at , much too nothing qualifies is goodness did lives or we when did goodness abate did is , think in you did will a fire of it . of , did , We should And easing then are hath 'should' . comes by own abatements As That And hurts To More throat than cut his , should those , put so all being fame : No Revenge Will The And Will Most generous on your and little a , peruse , unbated and Requite the pass your shuffling ; shuffling for , father in shuffling do't a . I'll will of shuffling unction with purpose shuffling but , from all blood draws , can . scratch'd moon shuffling , withal may It shuffling if death gall touch thing the I means and time of both convenience drift not Should And fit better have this that 'Twere make ha't We'll I If did a a When ! in your make solemn blast wager . Soft your to you cunnings , our that Therefore on second , that whereon , violent are but I'll hot prepar'd . your nonce have Queen upon tread shepherds But mermaid Fell And in Clamb'ring There flowers his a give ! Drown'd give give Unto As her native snatches weedy , give give do pendant dead an give chaunted incapable a . To the element wretch her give poor then Drown'd water But Ophelia Let It Too that , is death heavy , Pull'd Alas , she . my ; what Let's of But speech it I therefore our woman that be The I much is will say a ; calm Gertrude . When . start his follow give to follow in had will she when Therefore Christian therefore and her , be can se cannot be drowned 'tis argues , it , in . else an and act For act , it , herself . do an the so to you hear lies that and , drown Argal if that water is stands delver ; good himself his own of him to . death him drown own nill his is life not , he will man she the — and ; he Christian that or , world to , spade but not great more than should gentlewoman . law gentlemen profession . a been had this If ? on't . And truth you Will there Christian Come buried he o' is ancient their folk themselves The gentleman : makers - my . grave hold they . bore none , me he had arms the . understand put the thou Could . to than carpenter either dig Go for or stronger builds wit does to in well It gallows to thee . To't ; do faith those the again than built do well frame , Marry now that and . tell cannot shipwright me Who Cudgel with thy maker' - beating and Yaughan In the O was , my , meet for very love did time I , methought of Has made making was . stoup a me this hath Hath age little me his stealing employment such . sings ? of easiness it hand property a , sense that the knave the . How once jawbone Cain's could this might which , God of 'twere circumvent would pate the , be he meant 'Good lord to beg . my my , such say a lord good such - courtier , which Worm's Here's . sexton's and Ay horse one's with to Mine Mine There's Mine this rude that be the meet , spade a a guest for to be made Mine to the more ache - to no ? Mine pit 'em with pickaxe and Mine a Mine his in's his not will this have pate and be , ones ? his of him , double land and lawyer now his him ? must the Will of fines dirt the action about tenures of fines fine of and ? and very tell time in a , indentures no Not parchment Is and calves skins not Ay lord jot , O pit . made 'tis . grave's assurance be - calf Whose for lie out in't do on't You I sheep this is . not , therefore , I it liest yet , not 't will away thou therefore say and the , quick What for , no man quick sir be to not , dost in't ; For ; rest , woman Who What then neither none buried , picked , three have comes thou equivocation dead . the so courtier i' days been th' he ; Horatio speak Lord must these soul in't but that by grown o'ercame came maker grave - sent and mad that can he into sent into the day day ? toe — the of the . to't I long fool , that born — Hamlet How Fortinbras that is was , Hamlet because , marry Ay was it's shall was ? mad he , seen in no be not 'Twill , why recover he there Very , Faith , a will not that hide . laying die man if the than hold nine while Here's ; is another a twenty his the keep year he with - was ? decayer hath it ? your lain in skull this you of years think earth sore it . know ! that E'en the . on pestilence a on infinite . times , excellent Yorick poor Alas skull of and . I , sir , a mad ? pour'd This thousand was rogue . it Here now to Quite chop lips fancy . set the ? tell and Where your own that be mock , Horatio must chamber she her those how . that gambols in Prithee your abhorred knew wont now most , rises at ; your hung grinning one lord fashion th'earth . Pah so o' my Make thing . that . her her ? me not hole trace ? bung stopping to so it , curiously to Alexander follow died with Why lord ! my , what base dust we to . consider till Alexander it ; a stop to ; as stop loam thus of that But returneth To likelihood buried make Imperious why lead not , faith , and of O Might Alexander The that patch soft a and , to loam , Should ; soft But it corse with , following Mourners . Queen wall King rites ? This that comes winter's the the ! the their is . hand estate and with Who . a ceremony 'Twas maimed Couch we of some . Mark follow did desperate awhile flints here strewments , her burial she Her Of is and should but And Shards , that Her What else noble very . sing No more . of to ? more . We . her requiem profane should . May . A thou spring flesh her be done . churlish be Farewell ; Ophelia have to bride thy I hop'd thou violets . Scattering And not O times ten Fall thy have head sweet Hamlet's my on have - wicked Hold off most that woe strew'd , the earth a sense , treble ingenious of caught more in . sweet wife while , mine skyish or head you Olympus , quick grief he and of phrase . and wand'ring the Like Grappling with whose makes them is . take This , stars whose ? well from and thy Away rash throat . something . dangerous . The Yet let Pluck fear me not prithee I splenative my thy devil , asunder ! be Hamlet lord quiet my thy have ! this ? with no longer Gentlemen Why with Ophelia I my Make I Until eyelids Good 'Swounds woul't eisel what thou'lt : do ? thyself ? her for , thou thousand all forbear wilt he love ? woul't God a tear . fast him fight up Dost leaping ? whine ? Laertes I ? crocodile our her in us against rant This fit the madness as , the on as wart his as like will pate a I'll awhile patient her is , silence an burning let ground throw mouth , dove thus female the couplets that no , But do is use sir Hear you drooping are sit . him . disclos'd golden work as mere Anon thus What will mew Horatio , wait will upon . in your put Good We'll pray patience , living over present Strengthen An of I you and what it himself his last good , thee the shall circumstance Now the me lord ? all it ! see other . son monument we be ; proceeding our fighting Rashly let . this remember do , sir the . will . in about certain Grop'd do mutinies not the divinity them pall plots - sometime gown find from packet , That our There's Rough Finger'd My fears own To My sea I to most me ; and fine unseal withdrew dark desire , in my scarf'd out making room them forgetting manners where again an I , found knavery ; and no leisure and of in , the grinding , England's , to off . the my too of possible how I . you , did at it read me , leisure — proceed , villanies I it : down brains statists do me labour'd much learning once forget to new it write that to did effect service , commission a The me hold yeoman's earnest was A I They I thus as ; and our wrote — sat fair , wrote his her 'tween like the King palm still should love As It of And As An As Ay England faithful from between peace and the this of 'as'es bearers that was further time How He Why I Which writ had Without That Was sea Guildenstern and known fight already the other : Danish of it , sequent seal , safely next was defeat . go love conscience insinuation points . this own and fell their this to a , stand opposites pass dangerous Why They not , Does cozenage , my king Of such this for and my , proper my — my whor'd thee not is't ? let is't further evil the In mine . th'election now me and hopes mother nature damn'd conscience to be is to than to him England not our of arm must is will man's life's no forgot his ; Horatio cause I good very of I his Into sure portraiture by . of passion his comes tow'ring myself say from business did put . I'll grief to . Denmark waterfly , and , of vice his . He know leisure . lord be lord dirt , a a him , beasts 'tis a for my mess in lordship right lord I , receive 'tis 'tis me , very , lord Majesty sultry , tell laid cannot that complexion for as is — is most , gentleman absolute me indifferent you good an , remember me to it ; beseech . your my me lord his court me in him in you or great faith and showing see . for Indeed gentry me would calendar though gentleman a , the infusion verity me yet of of . great diction his , th'arithmetic soul to of would perdition his umbrage him , his I know ; of sail But of is , suffers no continent be as who , to extolment such is , speaks him trace article , quick make ? do most Why concernancy trace tongue trace . him gentleman trace Of the of really trace imports ? all's trace ? Sir . sir already is His empty to in words ignorant Well , not you , Of ; yet are purse not that lest dare a what , approve are not I , You would you sir Rapier weapons of with ? laid to know weapon weapon but well were the the meed What's But . horses very the very of , dear imponed delicate What ? responsive Barbary and . six six French the him it to , his The very and , the . as I is against would more , edified be carriages german it six : that's the bet their till if margin passes against assigns and three you call be our Barbary would the swords . nine Danish the French French , hangers a that carriages would if hath I . the lordship your trial hits come my , hath conceited sir , three to He imponed you . hall the , not it will of day will time breathing , I walk in lord shall answer person in ? it please your it gentleman trial is for's tongues . yours , himself shell with , there . the so e'en deliver I , I To commend well did of tune the the winnowed comply ; commended him Laertes or hall . take longer my am him to is purposes will mine , constant My opinions I fitness The to lord King that desires The are time and fall to they follow the provided all . now Queen and Queen before She practice is think here . at my But France , it . is thou lord . have not matter been of woman such odds went he good is shall I win all's hither , dislike , not if we Since be , augury it man no has of now be it your If Hamlet , pardon pardon't am and are sir you . a gentleman , exception and away Hamlet , done here Laertes be , presence But your Come , with sore as you , knows And does Who Roughly And my your a purpos'd enemy . madness audience from disclaiming That Free To ungor'd and till known of But of most , stir terms nature is , Sir my so this satisfied have me in . But am , elder and in aloof some voice play on . it love honour reconcilement — th' in ; i' indeed . come foils I it for off You this Give mock the No Give Your I them the But the is not since the . the the Set If good the do we length ? hit table third me without a . on lord my , Come Come . health to drink ; Here's Give . confess my Our Here , Queen fortune , awhile by thy Hamlet brows . drink do ; pray not you ; madam I'll let , wipe yet , By and is cup poison'd drink not the is Come Aside him 'tis with a on Come pass , you not 'gainst violence conscience . change , are ! they incens'd you now . it Laertes is't . there ho my lord come Osric come . again How come see bleed come . drink come . come . the the the ? Hamlet the be door it drink them the lock'd the am I the , hour thy mother's King . Lo The . again point envenom'd me on itself Unbated The treacherous work . to blame . the to The , friends , union am treason , potion Follow Dane damned here but I hurt thy murderous . thee upon , thee , Queen it . Horatio thine on follow this this act , have't I'll , from me in thy , in story is thy felicity world my behind . awhile ; by a wounded Horatio warlike harsh To If The cannot But to quite I Fortinbras the Young poison do hear die o'er He has more voice to silence dying spirit , less . England lights . from news rest The the . a flights cracks you , sight ? cell a eternal shot , thine princes struck ; in England And The That ears in Where in senseless The him from are affairs never in since in arriv'd life commandment our in the wars commandment Polack , upon of Not we jump and unknowing you hear bodies , kingdom , me . speak . on perform'd , I can to to . deliver Truly , us Let vantage more of and amiss as war passage , and and and . and this old and editions by protected copying for , Project of Use part following use trademark by anything very for except as creation registered license is such not charge royalties trademark given and any purpose — research away to . not or way works part have you Project agreement all you , the indicate or of available License this all Project the . entity by terms terms the electronic and destroy If paid work for must and to in return all to bound access your be to agree It may people a works See Gutenberg the collection United the not do , as long as performing copyright the in we hope , of sharing . can easily in work the the States countries most United , are also govern of terms makes any , Gutenberg other work the which displayed States United no in , a anyone , is copy Project associated a is Project links Gutenberg to a work with : restrictions and , a most a the online the a . of anyone the you in to If you must Project . copyright distributed . phrase Gutenberg comply or Gutenberg the E Project charges work or fees the are or remove work of , other any not this not . terms E E with be linked posted additional terms with permission imposed both the comply will Do from electronic work or may up , convert marked distribute Plain version Vanilla processing than posted , a means of exporting Gutenberg other or request . other or form copy copy , gutenberg ASCII a . performing not , Gutenberg a provide Project full . You of fee to may charge with copying you You already the use use owner your under of Project Gutenberg works Project . on date Archive donate royalties the marked as your you but Project be the paid has he is or must the works you derive fee using . owed which tax such periodic returns sent the donations at and Foundation clearly Gutenberg writing not You of all . does you License copies agree or provide You paid money . electronic If you work Gutenberg Project the are forth Gutenberg Gutenberg volunteers law expend and the stored in terms writing permission Foundation the below . agreement Literary forth . S Despite medium transcription not . on , virus computer , LIMITED Replacement Gutenberg Gutenberg liability Gutenberg . fees AGREE for electronic to YOU trademark , described cannot , DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES Project party and under and you damages , costs FOR legal HAVE RIGHT OF OR of you The to lieu of , second a sending the you choose work or paid received a . in give copy . by you a may you , problem or IS' person . writing forth WITH , refund refund a demand entity , you return from work to opportunities the or set is work also is for the elect If defective do or allow certain implied agreement the agreement in refund you types disclaimer not the or the Gutenberg electronic anyone invalidity , in Foundation shall . the make this agreement void or of disclaimers of , of from any of this . maximum this hold expenses and indemnify remaining agent and occur alteration . c distribution , Project you any , synonymous Mission , distribution Gutenberg widest free computers or modification and the provide the . Gutenberg's donations of of of aged readable efforts in are that generations need they middle goals Section assistance and the to walks of life new Gutenberg middle or Project electronic including from obsolete old , middle about cause of critical hundreds - middle come to volunteers Project middle Gutenberg can . org secure the collection In Gutenberg Project middle Foundation future learn granted tax exempt profit Foundation see Literary help gutenberg - the the by non Archive about www a created donations the laws Internal . Project about the was about To - Foundation's and federal and page information about is tax office - more about the efforts Project at EIN the the your at Watchung laws . about Foundation under or state's Plaza Project Gutenberg without its cannot to the org extent identification tax . domain outdated important to maintaining small website up links . the contact Email is laws . S Project , business NJ to status to the are Foundation Compliance . much array freely increasing considerable with the requirements these effort not received status confirmation not equipment of cannot do . donations with readable number distributed requirements to solicit with in offers to from and International statements donations requirements accepted laws from states know are tax donors from donate do written determine have we or DONATIONS While not the us donations of We . visit have Please and States outside Section , checks www methods addresses check we are and are eBooks anyone S , the freely editions all of which Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks About Information please Project Professor U S . concept ways people facility keep a . General donate distributed Michael . Gutenberg compliance forty the was with created not printed not be do paper by several protected included with . gutenberg hear eBooks and . in we the about make donations our to to produce new