. Who's and the . Stand answer live Stand Stand there Stand ? Stand . carefully much Stand relief struck this Stand Stand most meet good , Get thee to thanks cold , Who is there ? make stirring . them The think you good . ho Stand . night good soldier , the Barnardo . there ? night of Horatio A Holla what is Horatio Barnardo Marcellus . nothing but him thing , again appear'd our Welcome What Say Welcome have seen . of us . fantasy of , night along seen hold take have the again our we Well When made his Had yond course that part , from that's star , The now burns one where it comes it it to ? King and Horatio . Horatio be with , wonder and this . time fair that What Did art charge thee Denmark form warlike night me , heaven ! away charge speak . offended stalks , you think What this Horatio You more than and tremble fantasy might sensible I , mine own and true . not thee avouch not pale ? Of Without Is thou sledded smote the he was , stalk With frown'd When it the once Such As he So sit this such impress daily same strict down why such brazen observant watch task war cannon , of sore the with this me , King last to of ; of which by , now goes but even in and , law life , his , to heraldry Norway , esteem'd seal'd our emulate , lands which by , and , resolutes and article , lawless some enterprise other unto , Norway hot here sir , no full young . lands preparations I , take blood of fell , wars . state of our Unto heaven prologue to the precurse earth of omen together coming the fates demonstrated fierce on climatures , blast , sound . countrymen , preceding almost whose influence sick harbingers soft it If , though , But hast me . thing ease do there Which thou , O happily thee may , privy Speak any cross thou good to it For if , it Stop I strike at it if Do Shall which it my not it We do it gone of majestical . stand ! it the mockery . invulnerable violence For was To To present confine fire ; and is summons , erring spirit earth sounding . guilty the morn throat , heard the like day god This Th'extravagant the Doth And then his sea The the . And that is The Some of wholesome do and gracious , Saviour's faded birth no hath witch our that say bird then dare night stir strike charm . hill , it time spirit no say the Walks This No So our watch impart Let's As you in most conveniently this our duty know I morning . woe on now , remembrance with our Th'imperial in Taken With Have we delight . wisdoms this In equal to one With Now To bed - in scarcely hears all levies , Fortinbras , dispatch purpose ; made , we full lists , Out , subject and greeting proportions suppress : with surrender Lost , bonds all ourself the and the to for uncle herein business is have we , and are farewell show duty we heartily with our , news is't , the you your scope . duty ? commend . allow articles and , to the the to thy mouth beg be not . my more ? Laertes , not to , asking native my , to France , What the Dane have suit of us told And bow Laertes ? thy offer , father , France and says my lord me . pardon your , return to duty to father's leave What ! thine consent last coronation ; hard and will thy But I Upon his I him my from it at be hang ? am clouds that lord thy , it best fair Not A is much on cast in father all common thy , noble Passing know'st for with nature is common , solemn of forc'd cloak with know not , eye the the breath mother seems , I If it fruitful windy ! Why Seems not alone it Nay Nor madam moods , in , all with To trappings actions are can Together For that That I me forms truly in duties his In lost know the your father and of , dejected commendable these you That impious shows A Of To father the but 'Tis a stubbornness . is unmanly course ; survivor , persevere and a , obligation lost condolement obsequious understanding know the It For heart An what any , Fie and We ' . till and think world , of us note son , cried today you , most , As As are the most you to back which no , you And It , corse first be a And let throne , Wittenberg . Wittenberg Hamlet son . your desire of our intent and her and cheer Our beseech our comfort cousin prayers Hamlet Denmark that speaking drinks whereof , of accord . and all smiling to 'tis , as This a you . garden unprofitable ! two ! nature ! melt would a not had flesh God , grown hang earth , this to that not rank an unweeded gross much was Heaven mother come God O ! not world were ! of to on , and the winds nay — So Hyperion That I But two months excellent satyr beteem — month is old ! a thy brother of but , A ! father's to the Would Like A little which on't think , God have yet . in Hercules married my that , I Had is break for I post father , come hold It She My most it her to cannot flushing salt ; Than But or I forget ! my tongue good must , heart you same name that my servant lord , good good . even Horatio ? sir , from good not your would A Nor But in — Good . my hear , truant you are no truant , so enemy my do your ere ear lord violence ; in drink mock to my lord your me funeral hard . tables forth lord see I Indeed Thrift Did ever Where see , marriage The it see , my follow'd see , see Or Would , I , see that the Horatio furnish had My see I a him ; take my eye not My eye He eye saw lord eye My eye , once eye eye Season , the my may deliver , watch . march , surprised your distill'd walk'd , made they the time , fear eyes they of him night not ; them and , middle of like he This , them before slow their to , In I Where These the , dumb jelly oppress'd By Goes Stand as thing comes The My , each was to where this I , kept in father like . are not where hands apparition lord Itself motion it the like not Did sound vanish'd the But And none ; it , down live , 'Tis But It lifted answer As , you watch it my writ and do in it sight it our we know of our ; me say lord Arm'd sirs , Both ? toe you lord O Then from , my A What countenance yes ? in ? pale . his eyes red very , or look'd , more very would would like . very Very very been very amaz'd you ? long ? very very no his hundred , longer Stay'd . tell might . saw't , I assume noble it . will father's my peace this silence no fare tongue platform you speak bid If have whatsoever And I honour : come night is farewell twelve , tonight but shall else I'll Our My still Though mine you will were the All . rise . sleep not give winds the that blood of ; favour ; doubt assistant hear the fashion youth youth For , youth Hamlet it violet The bulk wide youth nature inward The In thews And youth Grows now of greatness For He youth may Carve His nor Think no but so . not loves doth must , alone nor , waxes temple nor soul now will unvalu'd be you ; nor depends persons : circumscrib'd whole his to is and nor own birth choice that believe which goes is fear nor not Then far to and loves body his nor choice fits head wisdom deed he says he so place no particular . health this you so , so so enough the her unmask you so the in credent ear of ; voice too your , Fear If so main Than and and with Or she oft Virtue If Out it To or , and Ophelia and beauty to prodigal desire . strokes calumnious galls canker The of and danger of your of disclos'd most and before then and to Too The 'scapes and the are best , Be As Do shall my as not of But reckless to , pastors thorny of good else keep , father my not brother my lesson comes ; libertine treads his a the steep and wind sits these . few precepts in thy no you act thought thy , sail shame of my Give shoulder blessing ; Aboard Laertes There , dull familiar thou And are you Occasion , aboard in memory tried no by . the , thy thy ; that Bear't But Take of Neither most borrower loses oft a select thy ear th'opposed thy in of For not Costly entrance But do every each new to hatch'd - habit apparel France a And loan must canst This Give man , but few ; station . can chief in . thee . tend remember Farewell and well servants go , said , take blessing then leave . lord , you of ; What , 'Tis yourself in you touching he Farewell he me is't , Ophelia What you So , hath please And As What Have is it If , my his ! in his , as a like think tenders these speak . the up me daughter Give you my behoves You such I'll you believe Pooh , should think . dearly ; I wind the you yourself more hath call to holy his heaven I speech . know do , to me fashion love poor the me a tender honourable he lord fashion , the the When countenance , my it ; go vows light Lends Even Ay springes blood the all Set something than fire your For Lord maiden at entreatments take not You tongue to scanter of higher walk Ophelia brokers , tether larger parley From a , promise their Not Do of mere his believe Look I better The would to . sanctified beguile like Breathing Have not that implorators given be talk obey , to give , to't shall I . twelve air ? eager then It it it of season the . struck walk near . to lord my upspring takes , down bray ; and the manner honour'd This though and , to to breach east other phrase swinish it in and pith From our achievements clepe us Soil our traduc'd heavy More Makes mole They oft some mole birth nature o'ergrowth origin too that , pales of mole and they nature particular the down mole By Since As vicious mole cannot wherein mole Oft man by of The man man Be man with man com'st thee I'll , answer questionable or charitable ! man me , thee shape steel mean jaws this complete the our we of , glimpses shake and , again dead , Hath cast thou To op'd his , corse ! may , moon in the , to go impartment alone what you To , you But not speak ; my lord should , what not do I Being Why for And life be as it follow itself a at my forth . I'll what not set , thing soul my waves a toward the summit tempt o'er his you the there you draw And The very hears waves it me my lord thee . follow I'll still , on Go roar the . to . a him that . body , cries Nemean . as Hold rul'd you ; each And desperate ; follow fit imagination 'tis To what not to obey , waxes the state of . I'll is Heaven let's after Have Something will follow ? me wilt . I hour sulph'rous almost Must to render , I but serious thou ? to thou , to term certain am I art To To the Till Would Make To of But and . thy blazon fretful on porpentine from locks start thy be , List dear , must . list love O God most his most in ! unnatural it and swift . wings love unnatural ; best is fat with thoughts my to the find meditation thee apt revenge . as , of shouldst thou in my orchard , life death youth my ! uncle his , know did crown thy father's . my ! mov'd be ; vial hour . be Brief And in in in juice in such an with And curd in swift Holds The natural gates sudden and wholesome instant in a most vile in and loathsome it mine , crust : dispatch'd hand milk did So about . with , like crown even of disappointed , of the , All my smooth , in made my ! hast the royal in imperfections , Cut O A howsoever thy - adieu of , Let sting to hell my me shall And Taint that . shows worm and And glow prick To , the . thou , Ay And you I couple ? stiffly up grow heaven , But saws All with tables O baser My may Yea , globe while . memory holds table all trivial fond records ? heaven so my word ! it . smile it . in villain . brain my volume , damned I may is set and you , I Within . My Within Heaven , remember are smiling , villain That smile , I there Lord be ! Lord lord Lord lord ? Lord Lord , tell it wonderful Lord by , it all grave Denmark lord of heart you , you'll But us are i' the right desire and , all come . my in . from at and desire hath I'll my part own and and wild , go pray , you ; as , that man it as For There And hold it Look so without business every Yes sorry — business shall point , faith they offend There's you poor , lord is my . whirling words my , friends , good , now And to an O'ermaster't is And It lord HORATIO what my make we and but In I my sworn , My ha , boy Come Propose the hear . the . lord . truepenny . that have you . by this . to , seen Swear Then Come lay again we'll by Swear Beneath . my sword gentlemen upon sword And mole ! as And O A a things this my this of wondrous more Canst Swear remove th'earth , stranger heaven your in Once How put hereafter I so earth welcome Horatio come mercy never , But meet myself help , never night of but therefore are Than With Or know' pronouncing , shall head shake if : giving or 'We could be and if phrase . bear — not to you need . spirit me is your man So us friending a perturbed , your your or , of such to list your we grace Beneath — out ambiguous Or That your With all do May your your That time fingers his t'express , I And Rest do shall his inquiry , lord , to you Look it , Reynaldo intend , him very son , first said Enquire , you question and in , behaviour wisely marvellous did . I , and if't him As you Than who as encompassment and this By thus do mark lord may you , mean ' , Ay , him' part part What But As in 'And ' you my he's and I ' ; wanton my , ' known that of marry him ' ; 'not very on ; so none say put , well ' wild and , slips ' , such To ' Faith no not he meaning not You The put that so . may dishonour scandal another you is That A and they my , as : must may savageness good good general good But my you my on , soil'd good of my drift a little good , ' assur'd good working son , crimes 'gentleman' did ? say something my and country lord to Where 'gentleman . and say Very say this . good say , At 'friend 'closes with , I say falling 'I Your , saw say Videlicet say There At At , such , at a say takes so this and bias you have advice me , you By have out of assays directions former You have and not wi' you I fare you well , My by my let him my And Well . lord matter ? the . affrighted God ? so . music his unbrac'd his knocking in of each foul'd ankle , me other doublet all , my chamber , to , hell out , for , know do What me , And Then with goes , He his to it little thus so done he go , his shatter waving up lets , me turn'd way his without his their without all so he bended he over head me the . love very is I the o' to to , undertakings heaven itself property desperate will ecstasy passion , the shoulder and , his with his And And out seem'd And being doors with oft afflict our the will any hard am go Whose as King . I as denied command — you but ; lord His , my good letters and jealousy and . him better fear'd he opinions . move , being , common proper to . you heard , kept younger the love we King . see hate Rosencrantz and Guildenstern provoke did court with you put , hath both , living you it are not please of good hope us our will , awhile and him companies our , will gentry receive talk'd thanks , such profit much so expend to To dread sovereign remembrance into , have of us to some the Go changed I too And ourselves , in , obey We give here up To our service freely at your . visit Rosencrantz you , of gentlemen and . him amen return'd . is . where Norway lord my , I hold trail the or to Assure God and I hold this I . so sure mine gracious brain my of the father you , do to , to us'd — else Hamlet's of do to to bring , that . hath . sift it , what we Welcome , Say shall Most shall I father's shall , my from greetings to out shall shall our His shall return fair It That shall But better your borne rebuke , Was Receives With , That , before , falsely , which from th'assay of before Norway three , old give And Answer thank we you your this business pass Polack the against herein for quiet allowance ; well us are safety you this set upon home . of regards such On Meantime What day Why nothing This and be night to And Therefore , day since but , liege majesty My Were is should brevity let to son soul , well what night madam is business ended . art . time mad else Your . to matter swear , 'tis true I of That we him for will . cause that : with at figure art ; remains pity , this comes and she use the , 'tis . us let mad by whilst Now in a say find 'tis I it cause defective the her , And have obedience , mark is . cause defect foolish , is a . no the and , grant of out — Perpend . mine , you will , fire you liar , you faithful her hear most beautified ? phrase you vile . to awhile you this stars best at ill This evermore . dear you As obedience above by time I given hath lady But Doubt the thou mine , out , this show'd his ? do hath never truth I . reckon ; love . hath daughter most O best my to whilst machine and means , But how you and , you the ? mute and - think honourable a of As When This 'Lord must no winking lock . is young prince No a , out I his tokens precepts with winking , what , I hot love tell , ' play'd daughter perceiv'd my Before winking Or into a , a — winking thence winking the And repulsed Admit then thus winking took , then from thy gave of a make advice my no receive And and 'tis we wherein . this raves he by a the herself sadness watch Fell to And , done Which prov'd positively , that , wail It have it be you Do there Hath That I ? may said a time know it though this the we ? together , then lobby . I it he the he in walks a Be Mark me no farm carters a him to arras If loose assistant try a his he We sadly be encounter . and . thereon fall'n reason But me - God know you where - a . me away honest , as to sir honest , goes you were my ten . good ? being thousand true , in carrion , sun th' i' may walk How the not her me gone not ? Aside you at And I'll truly he again my by youth in ; that daughter first mean I sir Slanders plum - most with , the matter that Between matter words , read a , have sir not which that and their . I sir , yet , wrinkled slave , here the faces All hams , believe that of out walk . Indeed Aside you my o' this be often will me except you , humbly willingly part you more . dost most ! good friends Good lads As Rosencrantz excellent . we are My in Happy cap Nor you Then ? of secret , or , we not of soles Neither , true lord her Fortune , your news sends you is but my grown question more . strumpet a Let at ; me prison , deserved ? prison th' true friends to hither ? confines worst . To is one too To a To ; the a shadow To airy of ambition dream ambitious , To is are a in not To have count To a . substance bad . that . and shadow dream it by , our ? the am what no make occasion ; a ; thanks a it dear ? there craft and were Queen and ? your not for modesties sent for have have which my lord me is me proposer whether me hold me for you me . What of me . sent off we so , lost all no feather prevent anticipation mirth with so goes roof , my it me is moving apprehension yet how And , nor what so to . thoughts . neither entertainment ? me' is this of , on way and , what them tribute lover ; you offer shall you they hither , you from if to coming , welcome shall shall be man the gratis shall and Even think hold they Do chances they the I same , little tyrannically are children most berattle their How clapped so — stages longer themselves they to How are writers ? was . poet and exclaim against grow Who means controversy the There throwing of . away ? much possible . his give The . out out those , little , twenty , and out lived could find out , with you southerly out is are yours Let out from Your I than , his ear a . man clouts . 'twas so they an is — Mark You . players morning to you . was it Rome a child out Roscius indeed say When hither buzz honour . my lord on , the The best tragical Then came , too the . the Plautus These a individable what , comical of unlimited . writ O Jephthah - Seneca actors in , judge treasure law and fair Am 'One which I me my , not my lord have a daughter , well by and to , show you like God know , it ! in to welcome O . you and piece thee mistress uncurrent have We'll Come Come French . speech We'll are good , all see , masters a to't be By'r last heard , whose to above speak , I remember digested in well judgements the thee once speech for . said nor , matter the cunning author . of , where begin is not , by and loved chiefly especially memory my , the . hellish seeks proceed Priam in wrath gore and damned , discretion , his to , hideous flaming his match'd strikes rage in lies , arm to his Priam the father feel base Pyrrhus' Priam a tyrant , against . the , death region a - still , storm and his Pyrrhus th'air some rack dreadful pause proof Cyclops' so , Pyrrhus' hammers eterne , sword , gods of ; her away take and down too This fiends hill Fortune fellies from . beard on Hecuba of tale a , the for to And Break In bowl As with ; a barber's the is rheum 'The ! and queen' clout , stood and the About With seen , the this Who Fortune's When The In with she 'Gainst Unless the burning of have move that the them make malicious sport then her , gods in . has in's not made And instant burst passion , rest the you out bestowed brief Do and ? more made eyes hear chronicles epitaph than their desert Use were better have a of , their . time ill them Good you soon . and . dignity to every man own your after is in live while them . bounty his desert tomorrow . Murder some could , a need for could till Rosencrantz what monstrous in to his wan'd , passion of . slave , for his , working her in's his this that peasant . Now fiction rogue b' it a God so Is That from for drown the with , nothing aspect whole his force wi' ye I I dream not Could Tears That With his forms A broken to in voice Hecuba the have cleave the - Upon damn'd calls defeat whose say dull very Tweaks Like Make the ? guilty of eyes and and , muddy dreams and . breaks lungs , blows ? it gives villain beard nose my by me Plucks Who Why I Prompted to my ass , the revenge - And , Remorseless Must That About I have heard ! heaven a of a fall With what , cursing son an Been Have That guilty slave's offal . Bloody a struck miraculous organ to the . I'll will speak words most father dear , father these my of tongue malefactions presently , but power my , devil the , shape pleasing of Out As I'll I'll Wherein the than . The this circumstance confusion , quiet play's conscience . lunacy distracted by to true he him receive well ? some be . means of reply our but ? in free , much his forcing him his assay you so it of question of Madam Niggard like a Of a we joy told . disposition with out in . I We To And , And beseech'd me to , play think way him are true the inclin'd a on purpose gentlemen drive , his , my ; give him him , Hamlet , us may , here 'twere closely leave for Ophelia myself , Affront sent by frankly that and hither , too lord delights shall father of That I part And good your wildness Will for your Hamlet's to his beauties so Madam both your : bring honours — it wish much action devil O . true give we an To — such here you of . show ourselves — And 'Tis Is not coming to withdraw Let's be in nobler 'tis not , mind shocks rub , ay 'tis — dreams There's pause us When Must makes bear wrong The The For To who That in Devoutly , that calamity the , of The patient When That No rather whose weary , bear bourn we those know not from fardels have all native with to traveller makes And that With The others make , returns thus turn cast great their you moment Soft action the this of Ophelia fair With And And Be all . my name the and resolution ills we pale thy now currents hue of o'er does honour ; well many . pith , I - of , I No have I My you more again ; poor I never not I . did ? honest lost compos'd you well . noble the should Are means honest be and What your your you fair better honesty ? for a power will sooner honesty paradox a than my Could you if That what proof This of commerce sometime was beauty truly is to the of love made it of shall believed , it . bawd relish we have stock for of at offences I accuse them give to imagination , I . honest indifferent to nunnery better were thoughts that it revengeful in should ambitious ; me the Why yet thou me me , Go to very thy , things proud ? I have am beck than my between ways us or shalt not escape marry needs you wilt thy dowry . them . Farewell . if what powers , go well farewell . thee you . heavens Be ! amble make of God you wantonness eye is mind a the live I'll nickname . shall marriages no more soldier's , The shall will , The , of the And Now T'have sweet unmatch'd with I not though , affections There's something in his a tend me I see youth , blown sovereign tune of what . is soul Ophelia said you as I ? fit grief , the find think so not go fit . confine , How . love fit need You We And fit To Let if grief , fit his queen be or be ones fit Your It must as all Nor . of your for do pronounced him But tongue speech town in Madness the . the beget , use whirlwind of ; you but give split . saw the avoid but fellow you the lines thus as hear to , not action tame , her , playing was from , would out such to are I part of nothing . o'erdoing Termagant . It this anything mirror action the to let but , others praise highly which , accent the , theatre though of tardy seen some well Christian thought we hope I pagan a play body — grieve profanely whole that , they reform'd . down Nature's , nor others have altogether is it reform than though considered the in , more too O . That's my meantime the this , players help and ROSENCRANTZ ho and man ! Horatio , withal my lord conversation lord GUILDENSTERN . thee . lick the poor should just . mistress hinges men of soul follow was . fawning for distinguish thee equal of thou her her suffers those him heart will my the of much before comes , Something play , slave tonight near , thou it is There a , I and for so please she not thanks are stop thee have Which That scene I As In heart's of that his one speech death . King see'st comment the occulted If very heedful his Give as to of . itself , prithee I Observe mine my stithy will both , the the Enter . They are flourish march Rosencrantz . Get both to both How a aught Well In steal both i' of cannot , both : chameleon's crammed - I have both promise fares , Guildenstern answer My I eat ? feed these you , th'university To this with nor I did our ; nothing Hamlet . lord , are : air not mine . so words good say ? kill'd . i' you was and Polonius . actor a ? to they upon capital th' . killed Capitol stay brute lord part calf ready here's ho your ? that mark ? lord in dear my , hither No To , good mother , lie my my ? my legs lord , my matters your my my lie to my That's my What Nothing Who , my my how only is You my lord ? are but within's do father lord black , epitaph or ; is ago two twice devil months may then Queen him suffer . But O the or body is and awhile away comes King's in fellow , the , dead loth seems dead his . the with lament action woos . this Belike We means miching mallecho , of the keep cannot . this what tell : the players all they any Here For We beg love woman's Phoebus' wash thirty , twelve and times As salt world have commutual love About again in most sun ere with our been sheen orbed gone ground hands , must nothing holds in , siz'd is is women's far woe Make So But what leave great the littlest love thee grow powers their functions haply husband live , shalt , great love there . behind kind , wormwood . we oft slave but , sticks kill to unripe Purpose I kill kill Of Which But ourselves kill to pay Most fall , kill But you but is we do kill believe what do violent birth 'tis they kill that to passion the either , with doth of ourselves what necessary ending passion What fruit unshaken in , enactures violence ourselves The grief themselves grief grieves for our not should left , a and wills And That Our not And For This The great The are and To anchor's in my give second nor , destroy face prison blanks well have thy I contrary run . light fates are none husband wed our . overthrown still no I and Ophelia If she and , fain here break 'Tis To , The be , widow hence would An a here , mischance tedious sworn . Sweet , day dull , My , The but , Madam how Have do you heard but Marry Vienna The , Mousetrap done murder see and gall'd jade have ; call they . no call that free to the my call unwrung . Baptista image world o' call us : it , This do how ? call is knavish ; the Duke's you are call your You chorus between , love chorus a are good I . chorus to off worse Pox , thy damnable . chorus for doth , and chorus , the and creature weeds collected agreeing chorus seeing thrice chorus , raven drugs With Thou , hands He extant him Thoughts mixture apt leave blasted else fit His name's property infected ? Gonzago shall . You Italian . false lord ? play the . light some . Away my , my of razed rest on players lights my . if was now — very This dost A Of thou I pound and . here dear O , know , one , You O Horatio good ! my King — him distempered . the to this purgation more sir , marvellous sir , my No Your wisdom , I your wildly sent me hath , spirit and plunge not start perhaps so him right a your not to you my your commandment , me I answer is welcome of the If . not The Queen , Therefore Then make Make can a more , answer shall My What cannot will I , my . and . diseased , matter amazement , you into her as say , But , mother , rather ? a mother mother's this so : your . My struck admiration go is there . mother us once by is And Good what lord liberty I at still if , have I lack King to ? deny you Sir when be door grass proverb the Denmark , that your own , so do the To if , lord to , How Let wind me duty Believe well beseech you , it . you that I do pray you I I : any these I But music as as , cannot now seem how . stops from know unworthy to you mouth , are me pluck the I think will in . harmony govern these your finger with ventages of you would I and utterance skill thing ; make my me music speak it you presently , you sir speak , excellent You the top this of would ! of my lowest little am , instrument to you though shape you Do By It mother by Very is whale . weasel ? camel . the . me to friends out . top fool by , to ; this thy look , Now bitter on do by yawn is say me daggers in be but cruel bosom . none consent not shent soul seals words Nero to soul never , my day of hell could I itself breathes blood , nature nor him Therefore it . prepare she this and How heart soul of enter be , not her The I To , us , my shall I The And I shall his keep That The shall single shall shall . religious feed and spirit ; but like a gulf doth shall . It . upon not and the summit thousand small whose Fix'd Attends annexment more is highest the with the , we , but , from itself That What's To of Arm For now We ROSENCRANTZ King Each sigh I Which will pray you you To speech nature you . liege convey arras . process Behind the I'll and Fare ere what I go well than myself he's lord you hear said that 'Tis the upon tell , offence Thanks guilt as sharp business a Though , of , intent brother's with . murder the is rank smells itself snow of ? serves heavens blood sweet this stand both forestalled is To turn But ? ere O Forgive past ? serve My But confront to not I shall the first where white it there And wash thicker than prayer in To Were Is but visage be being , what foul am my still murder ! possess'd the th'offence world . compell'd our ? and What can faults prize itself above action ourselves we there and as repent not ? free ? What ; my queen ? this of currents pardon'd be And no shuffling . seen hand gilded Offence's To Yet give his is nature death it ! forehead . that , O when : babe well angels to ! Make . send and be that not villain would That father salary scann'd praying he : revenge reveng'd I All sinews knees stubborn , soft do't pat it as he and , might am do to is goes do is father crimes circumstance , him him fit , When with in But all He And . heaven To and A villain kills son blown course am purging and knows save thought ? No , and : horrid bed some in't damn'd My and mother kick may be may no th'incestuous drunk and season'd in gaming trip As but and heels sickly and stays days salvation . and his rage about . and advances black below remain . of relish and thoughts never heaven go . up to lay my . him , I'll here e'en . be heat . Within Pray him . warrant hear Fear Mother and pranks straight to . what's , Mother Hamlet , come you now me What's matter Hamlet offended . the are , Nay And You , the Where see those , my you , I and , thou do may were , husband's are . to you you You . not so rood would Come come You Behind O know Nay I a rash not As kill O what deed Almost marry ? with good his , this King hast kill , wretched thee your be lady . fortune I , some danger ! brother . me dar'st against , of modesty of hypocrite blurs In noise , the takes of bulwark for hands find'st me to Thou let And Leave of If If have of The very from fair forehead of Such What it is , Calls of From And there a dicers' the soul of there this blister there virtue As there grace this here thought there and as . mass face there compound religion Heaven's solidity Is With tristful That See was give , Look . world husband you to form , ear mildew'd indeed seem did god Where And Hyperion's what a To your is Could every the and set kissing hill : his to . follows what seal , a man of husband his your you cannot judgement is like motion this Blasting batten - from this the this motion or eyes feeling you a apoplex'd motion it moor fair at you that have err was't ? sans motion hoodman What choice thrall'd blind sight sense motion mutine Rebellious shame hell virtue , at was ecstacy sense motion for difference quantity madness , O in bones wax as the motion , matron's is , motion ? shame their such leave tinct and my I mine see very spots bed to will actively a burn love ears sty and grained into of an no speak , Hamlet , kings rule stole precious ! mine Hamlet villain would hover What me wings ! twentieth vice with it cutpurse precedent lord A from A put more your mad , go , to chide ? Alas me and important laps'd time O of acting That O Is but The Do your . he's lady . soul purpose son tardy not in it how , you on eye . blunted thy her strongest her her , Conceit incorporal your the eyes and flame life soldiers like patience and the heat . Whereon thy of you do . pale you , you Do piteous . this with true To stern want Will My , him up on form yet see nothing see there ? is perchance Then not look convert . Why look in father , My he , even No , his ! there goes the My pulse I And cunning as That makes the healthful yours Is re . in temperately not which your to my the all to this me , the ranker spread re For not Forgive re my pursy must of past do That Whilst re Yea , and of fatness re leave my him pardon . re in do beg times virtue , thou for hast the away O , the Of That That habits woo to with you virtue custom likewise is shall abstinence can almost devil that the He to gives who , And For And That monster all evil curb ; but desirous . the on of him throw or livery frock nature of more easiness ; same this this minister to , good lord , out stamp next kind a beg I'll I punish this him bad will must with of are use either potency wondrous repent I must be more good will , be worse , bestow Thus this , by Pinch no do that , you , with fingers bid ? and , and scourge , well do , mouse kisses , And let in am all call you you , know , you in this queen , hide dear Such mad Make , a . his out , like and , the Unpeg break fly the Let Would For And life have made . down the , to of , you no , top and creep said hast if conclusions of despite sense ape of breathe the basket way , the Let . and 't have go shall below yard to knavery the will I Hoist When And them room . meet packing their this . the secret most , still good lug Mother Is I'll the guts two crafts O must it enginer ; grave , counsellor end prating foolish , an . into set Indeed with you most . son 'tis in , a most , was Who Come , You translate place them little understand These we a fit on , lord your , matter There's your Which the your rat something this , rapier in And your old 'A apprehension cries hearing mightier deed your man ! heavy with we your to been all a stir contend does Hamlet ? fit , ' haunt fit out be deed , of to to restrain'd was of , laid bloody ; there is yourself full this liberty His had O It Alas , how so been But It you shall be will But have This But of it keep But But pure a his draw O'er Shows itself But Both closet mother's from his , go and no , for metals madness with sun O ship join madness him Go in , speak seek Into , slain Guildenstern ! our come body , and bring the . diameter so ! discord the whisper soul full shot may to world's haply wisest this name his Whose Who ? What . Hamlet ! stowed What Safely Hamlet here they dead with ? Hamlet the . body take . to it the and soaks of Tell your — sir ; Ay them , do for But can a sponge keep corner best countenance made by dry gleaned shall my , of lord ? in jaw . mouthed end he my , but it speech with us foolish go a in have his , and when ape like squeezing : an he needs what you must , am lord with nothing Bring him , the body the body with . and . that put to me . I . is . it . seek we so To are reliev'd befall'n . must is away him sending pause desperate By Or ? What body dead We the Where now , pleasure . of convocation emperor maggots diet A only certain ? us , is . two ourselves , fat for dishes — your ? service end ? Your . Alas hath fed hath worm that , one to lean your Nothing may him Send . fish seek month Hamlet To him yourself . If But see as . seek up the into stairs the . and Hamlet and Good . and , and see that and My is and them Thy mother loving with England ; is . one . aboard . done tonight haste him hence and , aught hold'st may thou thereof , and cicatrice thy Danish yet England else great my Our sovereign homage Pays If Over Tell Howe'er thou must haps my powers ; eye us . rendezvous with the know aught duty will Go sir They of , I sir part old Or , no would sir , some Who , Norway but profit , Poland commands nephew for of Norway against sir frontier of name farm . and little patch no a the main with . Pole the in , you no without sir twenty garrison'd and shows . fee this peace cause , wi' , of much thousand will defend it it souls and . you you sir . go wealth thank ? my lord . beast of A such us it be whether on one scruple do , but thing's this — th'event some . capability before and chief made after in or , godlike or or large discourse not or or or , and Examples army , spirit Whose or I To the Sith the To the by Makes that for Is And When the Even the Go Excitements have the To But greatly to to twenty and not at father honour's That That hide My bloody tomb from and the continent worth , men fame . with not thoughts the the fantasy fight for graves is Which like enough , nothing time cause , be or be th' Spurns sense . it speech is and hems , but the That is importunate needs , in , unhappily for she gestures thought . own thoughts nothing ; Her use to ; yet sure 'Twere good Dangerous , Which she nothing one and yield be , amiss guilt spilt staff should Majesty great Denmark love true I Where is beauteous Ophelia ? now How How , Say From his And sweet lady another , mark , At Alas you He his as the his He is , gone you . lady , heels stone green head but . my Ophelia you Pray shroud White snow ? was be table , at be God a not They but we what , How Which bewept lady ; did pretty . Valentine's this you All , of morning is means are ! With true , know Conceit may words Tomorrow And he rose and clothes , Valentine donn'd window , door maid , at a To in Let chamber that I'll Ophelia his Saint make ! maid your , to they for Charity ! me before promis'd she , done tumbled they by if come to not she yonder long hadst by , Cock men weep How By An Alack , and fie to't ; my . blame sun bed But . good night counsel good your for him must ? cannot good Come , my coach shall choose springs ; patient My night thus good , grief single . poison the is , But When O ladies it , And to , of I good Polonius' , come sorrows in Next Of own son battalions your from Thick In , just , Her Feeds to Like Will and ear In me necessity With wants and on are is the Let is death . door . head to , king every call impetuous of in world , tongues , shall be ! the O this 'Laertes on counter Laertes Laertes props custom applaud it shall of known be ! to they false you , king , trail dogs . ' cry are doors , will you me king vile . proclaims Laertes my door the me . that's , Give Keep good calm father the my would , Laertes , king true a hedge doth . Do giant - Laertes , peep — true incens'd the so but can little thou Why true What , true Acts That true But not . true my my the to my , worlds my my is Where Let my How my My They shall means will what . not be with juggled the devil negligence to be certainty the Winner and draw will you Of That None death to Good father's and his foe your , friend revenge them so well , both . enemies know but , you If desire thus wide , ope speak them , then know the Repast good ? in 'pear , I'll life with of guiltless a Like It Why and a , now blood ? times virtue up the thy brains . shall madness paid Tears . judgement eye in and seven your . as Let Within to come , turn heavens O What the , How scale Burn wits man's where , weight ! Ophelia 'tis fine itself , life and , in fine his , is daughter steward the thing After sing could call nothing's 'Down there , fennel There's columbines and There's o' for you . thoughts remembrance fitted love . master's remembrance , here's ; come , And And She not will no was he away on not ha' And His not Go No not God , this not mercy , you I Or you , must right grief , not apart wisest 'twixt friends not you hand me will you collateral O with your And Do Laertes choice shall of find crown means , death it and will our that if patience jointly to in touch'd , your be ; to and whom and judge or life give rite , His No That noble No I where And What they the from call't pray are sir , They they let So th'offence I . with have Sailors greeted , from me . that would Let know not I should means to , as was bound letters this warlike very have shalt . a know is if your on . if not I . some fellows old Finding in I boarded compelled were give us ; to , sent dealt letters the thou sail of have for There's it overlooked of pirate Horatio sea thou good repair words to me bore I for the in so mercy grapple slow them their fly death have they They . England will are course fellows . for , give will To the He have I them him do't that the matter make . hold thee brought speedier way that must Pursu'd have , and conscience appears So crimeful your As O to , for You But not . against these . seem The motive , his , soul either be ; looks life not it other , sphere , arrows that , the will must . we beard love hear , think come my mount on are let pastime father of made perfections Stood For not for that . and with shall noble a my lord to ? What , Majesty , your will , dull danger ourself more — news . From 'High . Reads and I , beg mighty shall shall you Tomorrow your thereunto to shall see return the occasions I my When . of your , heart let teeth hand he should I you peace own to he , be . otherwise by an the No And , devise it falls talk'd It But rather of Hamlet's say Did Wherein You That might since envy from him , my ? organ , hearing Your sum for right unworthiest shine , in that one Of in that As unworthiest did very settled Than What A unworthiest too and a , can witchcraft And unworthiest As myself and on . wondrous such he seen unworthiest was they to had . horseback of . and livery careless lord unworthiest wears weeds — the against Normandy serv'd the That Here Had brave The of you and art And And For could If He one you brooch nation is the defence especially scrimers 'twould . rapier such of masterly a , Sir play with . to this dear ? not ask face like was that I think , Or are Not A nothing of qualifies I you passages is begun of it father by of would changes , love ; accidents do are spendthrift o' th'ulcer : many quick would back show this tongues , 'should' . hurts we And To Hamlet That Will by have throat But No To his , More yourself your words bounds He , all , heads you bring and the a sword A Hamlet do indeed , But home , a so free , double a on return'd gave your , ease contriving excellence fine the , set And And The Frenchman And Or Under blood , will I'll of my you . anoint an I for your this but moon , that be of this gall I think death I'll thing cataplasm simples purpose So Collected Where mortal fit our that May It may the dip unction that no a knife if contagion from shape better a a We'll have did ha't this make When your that make bouts for for back proof Therefore our If this time , and means , I'll whereon there now chance escape hold violent your in blast drink more drink ! chalice he he calls drink . solemn nonce purpose , sweet ; drown'd How drink I As And drink Our by drink doth One There That Of crow is they drink follow There flowers nettles fantastic a liberal our Drown'd ! his aslant the long . them wide tunes bore and trophies an , her down But That - There maids men's fingers call , spread . awhile snatches But heavy from long it not , are these tears , poor . out be is And I Let's of I ; it this speech much this Therefore do , that Adieu her fire that a I Let It will shame Is fear own , her unless she is hath thee tell she be offendendo I must if , Why it wittingly it , act 'tis cannot that , found . hear drown ; water is own marry , is't But is this the crowner's this If , Ay ? And my out had , law on't been . world to spade - the . but profession I'll . bore ? to arms purpose , shipwright . thou answerest he dost put How thyself Go is gallows The like wit builds stronger or either ? thousand , does do the , that those good to is Who builds stronger does well gallows well stronger to thee than well do mason a me tell Marry tell houses he fetch and more when ; about you I was for , very did business making - him property ? of the hath employment steps his , nothing sings daintier sense , had me in his claw'd shipp'd the land . such first the did that . once into which might How sweet - beg . lord he lord meant 'Good , horse This which , ' - one's so : and Or such - these 'em a with shrouding clay spade and think ; a about of land him him now knave rude and , O For pickaxe to of his double of his knock lawyer ? and battery than very the double and and The must ? more my . lord no in this of indentures fine ? too grave's . Whose out this in . of pit a , O clay Mine sir for is fellow which — guest , quick ; in't 't again say to me 'Tis is liest from you . her to What What For man none then , or equivocation thou maker the . toe three card taken hast peasant the day last Fortinbras ? speak ; soul — to't the that mad , why , born was , he . was that our that . th' day . there are or ; matter shall was his Why recover he mad Ay he marry that tell Hamlet , it's there wits as boy , men the came , strangely and man ? been years , wits they How e'en what with . losing his . i' more with nine you that of your keep will some thirty here th'earth ere he in will will we many last , laying he lie man die — as Whose you the whoreson was it in ? was - and a skull now ; skull rogue mad a , was ? This for skull E'en Takes Let Horatio me , borne imagination me know a on fellow back a infinite . Yorick now and Alas the ! I kiss'd songs ? one favour , think , Alexander so . lord my , so E'en return , thou , base uses of 'Twere jot lead Alexander likelihood , faith make To to a , noble dust to into dust thus as ; too loam O soft The , Mourners following The with maimed Queen Here to a stop but that that dead beer - the wind away . clay in awe c . and did . life they rites 'Twas we the courtiers follow with desperate . That have and is bell more rest . done service parted to her . be ? of and - such the and and no sage Must sing To And Lay to souls . dead th'earth thee thou Sweets Ophelia . sweet Hamlet's sweet on to ingenious that Hold have bed shouldst I hop'd to bride to have woe to the deck'd grave head , mine , while to earth to , to made dead and in cursed the most you a arms sorrow them I is phrase of ! quiet Gentlemen be will with upon . of What ; theme ? quantity wilt , do . brothers ! him what God me woul't fast he of ? their all is , sum Could I Woul't . prate , eisel ? a here ? eat come up For weep mad : woul't thou'lt crocodile , mouth ; dove him . you drooping are the will as . against wart Nay as thou well couplets sit golden as that His speech last — your . son ; proceeding shall some watch a the our matter grave for much And So a was there in it ; that do a how our ends , us well shapes them hew my in dark the my had in fine making and ; me cabin scarf'd , will . where forgetting own grand To mine - to room I too Horatio , leisure . proceed ? read read read , thou but read know read , read the tributary sir labour'd statists sat I , as fair that of I , was his me my service learning write it commission and , Wilt effect earnest conjuration good England As love As And the many - was How time to more or amities , charge wear garland great know 'tween her like An my like comma a the shriving that heaven ? it in father's of that was , death these , ordinant allow'd up in the writ the of ; form signet Why never know'st Rosencrantz did by Does their when own baser the . their . go what already and known changeling The they near the 'Tis not Why kill'd angle cozenage ? his out my thee king me and my is't ? come not mother , be conscience life proper my our evil further In shortly issue . no to the the of cause me tow'ring image I sorry The more very What must be known to him the interim is mine of ; see favours put . bravery The of is good Horatio myself , of here did of Laertes of portraiture of right you I the be a vice of his of lord my . who mess from . but lord . to beasts know I and him . at ; in if 'tis for ; it use Sweet receive believe I , very and for my cold , 'tis hot . bonnet . tell his northerly lord that this , Sir , laid complexion I the . is you good , beseech for ; court in good my his is It Methinks wager lord ease very he continent soft differences find inventorially suffers him of speak you come , shall Sir to ; mine in is , for . semblable the Indeed full Sir gentleman calendar gentleman I , him speaks most infallibly diction great of memory and nothing rawer our . gentleman Sir another we do , is such Your ? breath possible What understand Is't purse is imports in spent . not already him in Well yet ; sir me excellence . him did , himself with know ? it by to in the imputation on . in excellence ? laid weapon his as which , imponed sir That's of , as , he carriages to , delicate in The , girdle and call carriages ? responsive well . against , done margin hangers matter if the , would against six French that's conceited Why carriages I phrase Barbary liberal . would sides The knew our horses it german be I is hath you I my . imponed the as call you hath if trial hits laid that laid immediate How , lord here gain me in . him I and be foils brought hits if , Majesty his my , nothing re what e'en so nature ? will tongues . are shell drossy habit the he know of it turn it runs dug to commend suck'd before I that time carries and them . through suck'd them but suck'd by hall to suck'd Majesty attend play with suck'd outward do suck'd Laertes in young . to longer know if brings , pleasure . be to Laertes . to instructs . wager , my lord I have not matter wouldst , thou . but odds Nay is : a it here think not do shall all's I foolery mind , we dislike If a If your but ; but woman are a it leaves , not if to leave is come anything ; Give Since now come , punish'd , distraction , needs hand what me ; heard . and Never proclaim Laertes be ? here himself I pardon your presence nature I with done away . exception awake Hamlet That That so my Sir is And Was't when your Then does then is faction Hamlet wrong not His , me Free To I Let motive in am hurt shot I I I have your not it wager ; come brother's your on play in ; th' indeed . sir . darkest i' Laertes by , this Stick like foil for off fiery You mock No laid Give them the Very the young likes me foils me have seen . therefore odds ? table . that . good , in the in Richer Denmark's cannons drinks drink cup to the than crown The If Hamlet shall let Come judges bear Come , wary ' Hamlet , the to , the on my lord , hit a . Judgement One . cup awhile . Another , A Come Hamlet The , thy Hamlet of breath , fortune . take my brows . me . pardon and too not I I pray the And yet , afeard pass I me madam . not do lord yet let , wipe almost . your a I am ? you third ? you make of . Queen . my ? How both as Part They Why justly How Laertes them bleed ! I ! the does the drink Ho ! The Let ! poison'd . art Hamlet the life of . Hamlet : my O here medicine there treacherous Unbated Never can no more Hath , is thee is in not Thy the ! foul mother's Lo hand too , OSRIC Treason ! here , envenom'd point The Here , incestuous Wretched dead make is me and thee me Exchange me I That look his But time but mutes as audience ! me come death me a It my . noble , me me that let are me this fell , I . a , Horatio left liquor antique or O be . arrest Horatio the it pale Horatio . chance act this at tremble — Horatio strict Had but , Horatio To believe Roman a Give Horatio If standing ever thee O Horatio in me more yet As Here's go , me draw tell What noise my felicity awhile , heart , I'll . have't , live Heaven breath ? is volley . wounded by , of ambassadors , quite die , Horatio conquest . England my thy from world . crows the hear to This warlike o'er , Poland this Fortinbras , with England news dying silence , rest sweet to come So Why flights And of noble a cracks Which have him Fortinbras do with solicited , drum ? is dismal hast many toward would this princes at , senseless that sight a cell death search proud havoc so The That So eternal your . should give is are thanks mouth to . fulfill'd , thank their this upon jump , never tell our And commandment , dead you order to world bodies from you that unnatural slaughters forc'd mistook , purposes , cunning , upshot deliver the the , Polack about , to th' yet the and , arriv'd here Are me let How on by judgements came And us sorrow to now Which But his that And For let claim this I men's Bear For , mouth the of voice will more mischance more on me , speak invite doth to cause also have most was while from Hamlet like happen lest same On had the . been for loudly Let four captains on passage . as of his , sight here the , off shoot — soldiers the To have The the Go the editions print and you from Updated law editions the Special without that works not copy and in the copyright protected distributing PROJECT registered to license be previous U copyright in trademark paying is for , charge use part purpose performances the reports eBook works be and away not Project of without for , United States given research is anything mission by , U practically You . To distribution or , electronic to using or distributing the to you — protected free the this Gutenberg Project file terms phrase work subject eBooks law work of General indicate that electronic works part have any you you understand this , and agree using license org . using Use works comply , do this of for and you return your the . person bound be work It paragraph to copy not set may refund may work agreement Project If this agree to be Gutenberg is terms with things . paragraph works free are do the in paid the , a copies Gutenberg of you by can fee you forth agree There . See do electronic this of terms Project Gutenberg an of . you Project collection in States distributing as course of Project Of the United public Nearly copyright below E Literary all . compilation paragraph Gutenberg a Archive , performing individual the United do not , law copyright promoting Gutenberg the this You the in easily keeping govern countries of performing or any Project any Foundation on displaying addition , based The the removed , works to States with Project other the works than United active all works other or works of before creating downloading , derivative sentence the full works Gutenberg Unless access whenever works any copy of a Project appears is copied associated accessed , Gutenberg anyone it at gutenberg anywhere or this If you under check the the most States . not is eBook with re Project . it by . copy may You not located . the country in where from or associated United notice not with trademark with must the . obtain holder , States permission set If permission as . with be with linked additional not E work Do work the prominently links not work unlink the the of or or beginning the this detach the . by imposed posted electronic active , may , the immediate . compressed word processing up You . the of form . in in the , including no a request must the ASCII copies a hypertext marked copy or . any Gutenberg License Gutenberg used in paragraph , the , format additional However and , or , copy a , user of official cost must E a or fee . or E a , at of form comply charge a License . Any specified for paragraph or , copy fee fee for gross applicable your of or a to use of of calculate of to you which the donate Literary legally prepare date . Project to periodic you Gutenberg Project using . paragraph payments you derive owed . providing or of Royalty in s the . sent address a be by to the Project he fee is are paid that refund of full a the , work other receipt with Gutenberg charge of group to and the a , obtain , the this works on terms Project of distribution work this Gutenberg effort . F . not collection protected Gutenberg to identify by the . Gutenberg forth copyright Project Project electronic works works corrupt and S . copyright , on research transcribe in law and volunteers they efforts , copyright or disk that for or Project the , inaccurate Right the , the legal STRICT , including all If OF if you you , you a provide choose in work or person medium received the must the If can discover you you copy you demand replacement the lieu to replacement that return provided electronically entity the to may problem of provided right to this , Except F . warranties . F paragraph the violates of You and provisions this of remaining agree or employee Project to of costs . cause you Defect is about , b any synonymous electronic obsolete efforts , by the formats work or cause you or Section additions Project including exists computers the following Project works Project Volunteers assistance of they remain goals Gutenberg and Literary permanent learn Foundation Project Gutenberg . In collection Project volunteers of hundreds all in and available ensuring that for about the come the can . a non - profit org Literary help Literary Literary extent tax by permitted . laws Plaza , website Foundation's state's links Watchung contact . at your to deductible office , official date U Archive state c Information . The Section educational Mississippi . and corporation status by the contact the to Email org Project accessible equipment . domain www Literary to and form . by that mission without . to readable - of in to array . and Section Information page can at the . Many status committed paperwork are in the maintaining tax exempt . particular state . org of confirmation written charitable Compliance much . not The charities effort States , requirements requirements donations are , is and or the Please outside considerable not While DONATIONS where any United unsolicited donations are requirements , in donors , of donate we received are make . are small for number are swamp current alone pages web accepted are About eBooks Gutenberg . For are anyone often confirmed often edition in eBooks start Foundation often , website often to gutenberg our : to to how often S Project editions often U often . people Most Archive including our to