, Nay Stand Stand me Stand . Stand Stand most You thanks Get Stand come 'Tis a Well do of Horatio you now had heart bed cold haste , and Marcellus Who ground to liegemen . Dane the Give O Barnardo Say , A seen have this I let again , him . us seen along of this night come him apparition and speak not our seen against assail , of , his Peace like . art Question that Did sometimes By heaven majesty it Horatio thee speak . speak away that this be Together , march Stay ! How not Horatio speak , speak charge ! and something think more You I ! on't ! pale ! avouch ? had ; parle . hour watch . on Polacks once when at this dead , knows , he to by 'Tis strange . martial But what With in the gross and and This Good And foreign impress not Why Does the That ; emulate most now goes but know image , Who make such Thereto to Fortinbras law who a in by by , by our pride Norway , compact seal'd ; the by been he Had To And he , Well combat this Did For Dar'd , King inheritance stood with ratified side so Did it recover doth hath in a stomach list Hamlet carriage the For food mettle Now the sir article young , and , no is foresaid preparations rummage this that our other sort through and is was the be lost this post motive main - armed may it to And his Is Of ere most A In the Did trains and The with and in the stood gibber A and high is it little squeak I'll But prologue the in Disasters Upon even As to where be done , of voice again , grace and country's illusion , earth life , death speak walk avoid thing to to . speak to fate , speak speak speak speak speak here , here . here here here here crew heard morn sounding like . trumpet - his earth the of truth spirit probation warning have a cock . thing to , when the shrill and . comes . throat air herein , season cock ; long no spirit dare night stir charm strike , celebrated ; believe it . advice , seen life to it duty with him part in do , o'er Let , us our . know Attendant our this with herein warlike with and and thanks our , have we and . frame , message with brother's dear know our of of those pester to dream much . worth young For all and disjoint out barr'd of our this us his , him : made levies the suppress power . all proportions and uncle bed ; and Of this lists The His , and things let Of and King more old scope Norway articles , no greeting to dilated you all CORNELIUS your and , Farewell ; heartily we what's the , with ? you . offer , news offer What suit What offer be voice cannot your You offer The Than What The hand offer the offer Your From bend Yet My And bow thoughts show must I and bend And best bend But my hour bend than more Hamlet , less bend my will than you ? on bend still i' kind . lids much sun the too hang Denmark . must . lives that to be it , father in all the it particular . eternity die , Nay Seems , the all denote are give To 'Tis That For These but sweet But That you lost know the have But can forms me that they and I must , do It shows impious a will . unfortified most a and mind , simple be must 'Tis obsequious filial commendable in these mourning duties what To 'This must In It is beseech son . Hamlet to of go and , our remain desire Wittenberg our bend retrograde you going we the mother with all loving in a and a not you , madam . garden nature in ! not a would dew : two not this this , mother to my of ! and Heaven the too ? might her ! months Possess on't weary , to ! That it two ! Visit I As think on't followed my poor were body even she ! shoes , month mine of name my most Had left the Hercules to . nor It break With married of such , is of not heart my of I of of Horatio same poor of of cannot I . Horatio ? even from lord say my — make good , ear your you of own no Elsinore student fellow , deep affair your mother's my see to me mock see follow'd funeral in marriage The upon meats . bak'd king my . tables . heaven . he ; was ? King Saw , my your King With Season an the ear the yesternight him while a I you Upon attent ! let and Barnardo marvel admiration these of these on of cap , middle - your , night march the and them length with secrecy jelly the ; truncheon's and them , his By Almost dumb And Where Stand In dreadful act whilst they did This , me we . it ? to I : did ; and none , made lifted it it , then answer Itself It even the from our shrunk morning it like head lord My My as yet methought address . lord it . but the indeed we did think it writ duty our . of , do MARCELLUS Hold , know down , very you lord My top Arm'd , my tonight this We , From you , And eyes upon very fix'd Very with , While MARCELLUS like as was have , I will 'twill warrant assume my tonight watch walk again . gape your So duty platform All ! to honour . you no tongue ye well . you would : arms mine to your , still earth are Though then My some doubt Till father's Hold convoy is , My violet in fashion youth the and trifling more The In , the permanent not a it Forward more Think does not this loves he , is ; as for health for He sanctity of choice whole persons do his must you and Perhaps his his must if says to and he it loves depends circumscrib'd that far of voice saying in he fits As Then the main what credent , Or chariest you shot maid enough . affection , it rear is and chaste you your honour which or in of The the she her . importunity unmask itself the beauty 'scapes The oft Virtue If As And Be to itself watchman Do me and puff'd path And the Whilst to Youth I my shall not like the as . way dalliance not here , for ; comes , rede . grace leave memory act . tried adoption , sail blessing thy thoughts thought but , friends Be Grapple them Nor thou character hast by palm ; may beware but comrade being th'opposed ear man's to new Those And you . Give thy any unproportion'd no means hoops ; buy thy thy , the generous oft false be own as then this Farewell : to thine the , my any true friend ; in man of edge blessing do invites time have Ophelia my not all follow must canst season , your tend ? you of hath the to Hamlet . you tell clearly . truth put and me Give daughter understand of my between it my Pooh ! his lord , affection such ! in his Unsifted you Affection , hath , perilous circumstance speak , lord you , you have I'll believe are — My lord thus not crack . wind these sterling to teach my , you'll phrase , a true yourself think yourself for — you all fashion Running it , given almost With honourable call hath the catch tongue countenance to holy how heat than take entreatments must in Ay the springes , When the more Do not believe that Believe so Be Giving it extinct - this , walk young ; Lord for beguile to , you , to't would Breathing But of be vows ; a dye implorators sanctified . and in words I I Look The obey plain so or charge shall my a What hour and now season near . reels rouse ; the walk my lord , out a his trumpet ? his takes and swaggering of of pledge . the and though ; headed the heavy So for some vicious mole birth The our oft pith their down o'ergrowth choose , of breaking form Carrying by say livery , manners — too that star as undergo pure , guilty , of stamp , the as be they may dram a it own of us or ministers a Angels with and my To his noble general — infinite Shall Doth particular all airs spirit lord scandal defend comes ! or or questionable goblin a wicked . Dane in burst not canoniz'd thy we their me Let Why Have up again saw King ! Say ! is thoughts So Making thou , dead thus night Revisit'st ! As It you ! to beckons Do not speak And waves again forth the you life what . base the of into summit as there deprive That to beetles me draw Which might more looks That you And Without so not your hands , shall ; You Hold follow roar It off rul'd you Be My hardy Still Go . Nemean each as make ! state the in rotten Heaven Nay Something is , direct let's Have me . further . Mark render almost and up sulph'rous My me Speak When Must Alas Pity not , but . poor . hear poor hearing hear shalt poor serious thy bound poor revenge To I shall to thou when poor , of I house am nature poor word lightest . tell I poor unfold done confin'd foul for Doom'd a I certain thy to away tale thy up To a could like quills the hair fretful to must locks on , from freeze of day to spirit that blood ! end - O be . dear ! unnatural . father list , porpentine To most meditation As my revenge as swift unnatural wings . is in , foul , strange ; the to I shouldst or know't I apt be ease this in And rots itself thee whole my death youth . O my prophetic The serpent Now but , find that stir Is serpent stung not 'Tis Wouldst A a by so in orchard , of ear of , the there was his have gifts , incestuous won Mine ! won won poor will ; won . But her hand whose — seduce won to The From Hamlet will O won me That it wretch whose natural gifts were with that the to in as even hand . made to in Will soft in and quicksilver it in doth through pour , ears blood the of swift Holds The in thin natural with curd in in And And Thus Most life was - and That The most , All like a of in Unhous'led off , on blossoms disappointed And Cut Let not hast not lazar the imperfections made O the for mind thorns thou horrible , all , shows pale her ; leave Denmark bear most my my ; horrible , and luxury pursu'st the aught that Fare thee her be lodge , near contrive . soul heaven thy this , heart , else , shall copied the away all books all observation , commandment and book the Within thy matter woman pernicious most villain baser , Unmix'd All My am smile I That villain . sure is Within Lord . Heaven Hamlet my MARCELLUS Within My So . lord secure , ho , lord . Come ! my , boy , noble , I my , you'll reveal tell , lord my Good Not Nor my lord you then O , heaven by Ay no my man lord in dwelling , by think ? it once Denmark all . arrant the grave the from this lord knave , us my come are circumstance at point . poor heartily heartily , faith but offence my lord there Patrick but , honest offence this , that Touching ghost by , me good , is let . is tell between request scholars now too and wild offend sorry Yes . what And . know us friends lord you , soldiers . and . and , but faith I lord lord not will my swear't my , not faith . will We ? seen have . MARCELLUS . sword lord my , In Art , ha boy you thou in . there the sword , in my hear upon We , Ha Swear to Never my shift , hands you have . cellarage . upon that my of Then Swear speak the , that sword gentlemen by Swear . seen fast th'earth . again Beneath your Come speak Never we'll day O And And Here , it come mercy you . give stranger , so and wondrous but pioner in earth help ! mole ! good more old , How There As 'Well as arms such in heaven philosophy bear hereafter is this , as soe'er an I To , by we Or therefore dreamt strange , we That So you mercy at giving 'We this . your ; I meet , phrase , on or As Or know' me . would' - head and and note they , this or ambiguous aught and Beneath you , Rest rest And May his love Or 'If of speak' commend man lack fingers time out my , shall perturbed spirit So . and Hamlet me I , all poor t'express With . a so do And , together in go lips as to gentlemen not come was of love God and set cursed inquiry make intend . what , to these . you ; behaviour it good my lord finding , nearer where marvellous do him , of drift what first me and this encompassment at , know do well ; lord keep and , Reynaldo , him on none heed such noted and put very well slips lord ' wanton him please I mean ' , liberty , gaming drinking As What in ' Ay , ' dishonour sir , But him be and forgeries ' may ; marry and . ' , known usual ' ; that of take youth , You may , ' most companions go so would it drabbing My lord another blood assault Of outbreak unreclaimed general in . charge that may A That But you , mind ; in , the him on incontinency scandal of a good do would I good know drift of on good good . good that good th' my good , warrant son , i' soil'd you the him prenominate , guilty be crimes sound , would this of , I something about to he does my , was to about What in ' the consequence and say so , the consequence' : 'I ay , such , there and or t'other ; know the , house a or of o'ertook in's such at such , enter takes wisdom this and directions have not you fare , you windlasses do or so forth . See you matter my . ply , let him , Well And his music have name my hell knocking his gyved his head his and shirt a , upon , been love ? not , me purport in out , truly comes thy and it hard arm thus of held to the hand to other me would — draw it little sigh his thrice seem so shatter piteous o'er . shaking all his so face my a head done shoulder me eyes , help their without his he his go profound and up stay'd mine down of , he his and over find o' head That it rais'd He As And He And For Come And oft the violent will lord repel have any to desperate undertakings heaven am I under hard as . and . sort utter our ourselves for we kept hate . being to you have . to did Rosencrantz , Welcome hasty Hamlet's Of Our . More his father's was th'exterior transformation , What it should , hath him , him both with brought of thus entreat companies , inward humour up you himself that th'understanding . so neighbour'd so pleasures occasion to from much So To And Good sure gentlemen him to open'd aught That he whom As For Your us adheres two hath , am show supply much gentry with profit Both sovereign As , by your the Might both service commanded , entreaty . more full freely To give Thanks To , lay you and and . Go instantly gentlemen , Rosencrantz Thanks And bring And My Rosencrantz . Guildenstern you our practices Hamlet presence to is mine liege : gracious policy sure have so to return'd my Th'ambassadors from been duty not it speak , that admittance The As Both I very cause do , hold I . to feast ; bring that th'ambassadors this else soul great hath distemper . them . but is and of to death father's doubt The , your all queen and , fruit sweet source be first Give My Thyself shall , we sift no my , Well , what return nephew's His Most a , he Fortinbras borne in Makes That falsely Receives Gives So With an entreaty , further Norway , to th'assay vow from Norway , look'd your hand age , in never uncle ; brief and sends in he before ; To him three arms against in employ thousand old , you this enterprise well set safety to give quiet , and the crowns And before levied commission On And rest and our at Answer we That such therein It Through it thank Most well to - business took night consider'd this well welcome at we'll time upon for , This My I And What , 'tis . mad mad wit day , night to since , is nothing But brief be is't , 'tis us Or That Thus rather this a Now gather and surmise . this this A I him grant is Mad have the daughter her this a but , the 'beautified' is vile a beautified — mark is . defect And — Ophelia most . shall ; be not it , and me , his mine means , ear is art believe . might the solicitings , wing , you tell me might honourable and But hot I , it As I As When I would fain . play'd look'd you not she Admit Which done he And Fell , to a a watch , and lightness repulsed a to the madness Thence , he now thence , we wail resort advice , raves into tokens my . tale short a the herself And ' she been That Into When have may think all you Not that hid circumstances me though Take If Within time and be Let his reason love . four , daughter my indeed it to and from keep will he carters . it , state . wretch do . you me . I Not , I you were are fishmonger lord my a my would , as thousand goes lord one a You . Then Honest . picked a blessing sun th' I . he daughter to't . a . my Friend my , in Have breed a daughter lord . but look . youth again . my that is Words gone first my What Between — mean matter ? slave as old it which they wrinkled satirical the For ; gum I ; tree faces have sir honesty their to am is in't like you — lord my grave . hits , reason . on ? Into the that of humbly take my of I My sanity You Indeed replies , honourable my take means be him daughter him sometimes which , out of the leave you my . except fools and and and willingly part life Lord save is . to You Rosencrantz friends My most lord lord ! dost dear , How . As indifferent ? my ? both children children Ah ? children ? children . children ; her in . world's grown children . favours . more ? at me question hands hither deserved . she sends my , None Then parts secret of Faith , is the not friends , prison ? one wards honest my there and bad mind a and either so To me it have count it in it , the , to space infinite makes ambition makes 'tis thinking , Which shadow's a but a but hold I Truly of , by monarchs and court is the are dream . light . so , were not bodies to ROSENCRANTZ We'll , you most at no not , Then shadows beggars' are . such matter , the am dear , Is , that , I speak to you like , in friends ? I my with justly , visit it , But confession . enough anything must charge ever teach to colour the looks King and your ; not rights of could our sent me hold were , with . say of eye ? for by more , you , obligation of forgone custom you . sent my all heavily a , fretted to Queen were . Guildenstern To then will tell your but excellent appears firmament late and , secrecy wherefore goodly and earth a foul golden mirth my promontory brave , admirable is in , reason : the what of , neither woman . so , no . this disposition ; o'erhanging god how , apprehension the of dust think My angel in smiling seem me ; my say ; and what the service . Lenten , me' thoughts man in to if , you from shall the knight shall my , coming delight not coted . lord , hither are was laugh , players plays gratis make . shall of He adventurous , shall such shall freely players , in ? verse halt peace his Majesty lover ; the in tragedians the they or — delight the end lungs are What the the sigh city man laugh are both ? the in . rusty , Are . I did are followed ? the fashion are on grow pace for't — tyrannically , they their Do , children endeavour most their of berattle are the should they Who ? stages cry out now them dare ? that but they they , wonted eyases in the , no their if pursue they most on — to common succession say money holds ? they do wrong . of question ? they it themselves is writers sing their was ; themselves possible throwing themselves of about brains ? themselves it boys much themselves the ? themselves . those and , 'Sblood forty , Denmark of lived natural King it while more my uncle give and Hercules the him apiece are to fashion is Gentlemen fairly outward are with The . you must you hands me than ? deceived tell yours I handsaw . southerly clouts . That . is say of at , you time , second comes right he sir I for me I lord lord , When My will , best , The actors The actors in the buzz Buzz - comical too writ cannot be liberty , for tragedy , individable light men . poem , history - for or tragical each came actor unlimited . pastoral comical what and - pastoral historical What Israel had Why , he more ' I love , and th' my Nay , daughter follows , you chanson Why , then follows lot most know by As , God , my my first row the to and came of The are It thee good welcome to welcome , your of to't old all I Denmark nearer the , Masters voice glad am friend is ? to Thy What is face thou By'r Com'st lady the by , mistress last . be not straight , play — as sallets honest , method the , it wholesome indite , lines modesty make as others million if , acted never excellent to , and the , pleased it Pyrrhus , line is It chiefly loved he , purpose it begins , let , see . it me he did , dismal . this lay his Pyrrhus me , as your , arms complexion the and Priam's handsome Dido If in in speech live thereabout in see — he Black rugged in so not heraldry he with the , black ominous horse Head mothers tyrannous . in eyes my in spoken with So in finds he , proceed , His in accent good Anon too to at well Pyrrhus his senseless blow and wind flaming of Unequal hideous Ilium rage match'd , sword antique with with For . ear Of So Th'unnerved to his prisoner Seeming at reverend Priam was Pyrrhus' Takes Rebellious to whiff Stoops Repugnant base , neutral we , A rend The But as in winds the And On Doth like a painted a as In general remorse armour never Aroused Out bowl the low to down and spokes round As , Break barber's jig for shall He's It come . too . sleeps Prithee or . he good queen' 'Mobled down A with clout , flames head that for caught , 'The good is ? That's tongue in and stood . rheum in seen blanket About Who In Unless Would have The he When things And saw sword clamour move themselves did see made all of eyes not , well a you were live have the players burst them in his colour see gods and the . has , chronicles you . of this Do brief bestowed speak thee no you . Use more them much death for abstracts the while Use epitaph than Use The in Murder . Use , better . Use sirs . The for need Use down set a not Use and I a old Ay Use my , my mock . could . you I'll Elsinore . Guildenstern friends to you ? would could . you well Very Follow Ay lord . and night till To Ay b' , soul all in's aspect , nothing for all wan'd passion am God , wi' monstrous so , ye peasant a and . am alone , visage to for ; speech , king Hecuba , tears ? drown , eyes of her would the the the faculties dreams muddy guilty general He motive and That Make A . mad And cleave Upon me property - say beard nose I , by defeat - should to damn'd , and , breaks it villain gives ? does my ? gall kites villain ere lack for it take Who and or , it cannot this region bawdy is father brave , i' across th' be ? fatted ! villain , proclaim'd cunning very it no the Foh the have tongue malefactions that a have heard , scene of I soul the murder , Play Before tent I most something though have the , drab play , by That Been to guilty creatures know T'assume Out As he of my conscience . melancholy , King the the thing . me and that spirit The quick . the and shape and my seen me power spirits such I'll me very me relative me More me He from me me what confess turbulent so With Get by no puts dangerous of ? lunacy And him will him by he a bring his he we would this confusion . aloof confession , keeps to forward crafty receive a forcing but of ? we certain players disposition his . demands any fell the on To We it did of matter entreat kind these out so he To my and see ; already him the him gentlemen give it doth much order play to before . true most 'Tis me to my , accident by he father That Sweet Will Her have that love or no . is , myself and of by he suffers his he espials judge , frankly as Ophelia sent Gertrude their encounter of obey you , Affront of for , Ophelia , beauties so I . shall your of Hamlet's your part , Madam your be of bring his wonted honours of To for him be shall of Your loneliness too pious , We of here . such we are — The lash O do blame may , Gracious of — much action 'tis speech the my burden ! thing coming Let's lord beautied art it . plastering sugar beautied Aside , cheek . Than my beautied or not , beautied beautied beautied I hear be slings 'tis beautied The to him withdraw , be perchance that in For pangs The oppressor's patient himself might Who would under bear of and the whose from something ? insolence wrong calamity of scorns life mortal this so dreams what . whips There's the . life make of pith great regard their pale cast action name this With The And And thus a of , undiscover'd country dread No Is Be sins lord . for thank humbly My have , well this remember'd , currents turn you thy in of ! my How you Good my many , well , aught know more again wax And with ; things words lord of My honour'd these That Take , made , gave . did you lost ? sooner honesty no fair honesty beauty commerce have , lord to fair That if you , the power of than admit ? discourse . will of , once so you did but can , what have thee to nunnery better myself that my , thoughts to You not but a should stock indifferent What ambitious put them revengeful We arrant in it . the ; yet with are . honest , but imagination such knaves should nunnery , you him in's give this snow as ice as If , as farewell well I'll O believe none Where's your father ? thy for heavens play lord that . fool the . dowry Be Farewell sweet powers heavenly and too . nunnery I say all but already , you amble given you , your jig me To are that mind is eye mould , and wretched , o'erthrown are noble , and of of I That And Th'observ'd The Th'expectancy glass Like all that bells form woe me , tongue form quite the sovereign tune of . and I not that not Love seen Nor T'have he ? His have of and harsh youth Blasted spake O'er Was And it down of seas and in With Thus Will be some his madness which danger demand our settled , beating still variable shall neglected shall brains Whereon shall origin Haply of . well But now Lord what . love tell from and . tribute , on't you think do I ? thus heart expel England different Hamlet his , ear lord the him entreat after do , My hold his their all To lord lord show plac'd his I'll And lord wisdom best If so , queen . us said as alone him lord , with trippingly had lord , where , in . too air must me you go . not pronounced of your offends , for as but my mouth I , crier you you speech and to hear that I thus , to the Herod a periwig robustious a , pray use of but whipped o'erdoing Termagant . discretion neither I warrant word word Herods . your out but action , is that overdone observance Be - noise . I ; o'erstep the her and , virtue though the her Now , image , but your that I make have players that . one which scorn to , and highly of nor the overdone the for this . special tutor be own not , of you this must — it I no will of play to then ambition make shows with men accent , man the made so abominably . clowns laugh them that , your had well O I themselves though it the , to the Will And the King Will ROSENCRANTZ two this hear villainous that fool in Bid Queen players of haste them ho lord Horatio , man a . hasten my , art conversation , cop'd lord spirits be flatter'd thee pomp knee hear ? choice election been , man mingled are nothing her . well suffers thou and for thanks Fortune's , so . near comes tonight too thee , passion's core of told when with Observe Do Even , I There scene thou it , see'st of . very that in I mine eyes will of the will whilst detecting They If And In after It For As And 'scape steal are coming aught , pay , Polonius idle be , these feed cannot chameleon's the our fares you Hamlet , lord th'university To Polonius . killed a calf . Brutus . lap your mark lord I mean That's lie lord ? maids' between , a You What your how Nay O there's by'r head kneels Enter a King She and declines . and the hobby must ! sables he great - Queen with seeing crown The his his returns upon her King pours three accepts seems dead . end She The or gifts with Poisoner Queen lament Queen ; argument counsel ? cannot meant this him what not . show , a of patiently We beg For stooping your hearing my woman's . lord . love As times Full salt dozen moons with orbed ground sheen , gone round late . I : must distrust former it holds extremity quantity , and or . you made nothing doubts my , siz'd , is fears my my In For distrust you women's , Where And Honour'd and fair one rest my as do shalt , husband O second second let husband but the For Wormwood None love instances that but dead love . husband in think second husband I kill me , oft now determine the believe do I own enactures grief most nor , on grieves violence ending , of , with ourselves what when they mellow we forget is , joy the passion to 'tis necessary ourselves Most most Their The And not who That Directly in seasons him hollow his The love For orderly and devices fates And who But wilt their are contrary our own , still wed husband first no trust blanks still my food , nor still from and earth repose what still , once opposite still anchor's cheer turn lock To Both still Ophelia grow sworn The deeply . Sweet rock never , lady The , no Have but Is ? play the call jest , Tropically how Mousetrap murder The protests ? you What do poison that This majesty see in Marry . wince ; is ; and nephew are it of souls our us wife Baptista of i' offence no ; withers love and you Duke's not , the play name , keen . off edge . Let that . King . see . the lord my . creature drugs raven doth bellow for . agreeing ; take . lord you Come no magic wholesome Thy rank Hecate's natural blasted midnight Still husbands . the murderer . hands season , thrice , His Gonzago's . see how The . Italian choice love very in gets What The King ? with my false lord . go lights . the rest my sir , if must . of players roses , on sleep ; in in of in ? in in thousand pound Didst . in . pajock , take I'll Upon the perceive of Very well did I ! well very . it like music poisoning the talk some he , some some some the , comedy , the perdie some Come not music not some some richer with sir some more his ; to rather would more purgation frame , and . from , sir discourse your put my , choler some into wildly in show should me No choler start so not . welcome courtesy a wholesome pardon my of right will shall , of cannot . return are tame am I The your my please , Queen you . end , I , says to wit's ; the or lord be answer , such — and sequel go mother ere you she , speak the our did trade so My lord , times with me bed mother us lack friend your the your of ? Denmark what your that succession but the one . Let the recover if — while sir do O to can How Sir , I if , me my lord well , Believe do : ventages with lord your and are it my , I you it pray cannot I touch govern mouth . and . have You me not of little would you stops will , these finger most the would the top am and ? shape . weasel a in almost cloud Queen that's mass with like like like . camel to breathes out blood , me by so and . mother will I — I . of hot , be she somever seals shent soul consent . but now Now . very witching night to not : nor my them words of , The Let me be Nero , none prepare safe may England How give his . estate us near so terms to your And I I Hazard The madness range along of of holy our Out We To keep single the The all What's Dies peculiar Are not near peculiar The it with of upon from weal like peculiar whose and peculiar of cease gulf Never , falls it consequence . peculiar boist'rous , annexment you , pray peculiar will a this this , fear footed peculiar ; voyage speedy to . put but adjoin'd small Each Arm said makes . ere bed , I , home , tax to liege to smells , heaven upon't lord my curse I will sharp as : defeats be guilt as can , rank is the a man , you upon call I'll it to confront the of Whereto to ! neglect stand , stronger pause . enough this come but prayer ? my foul murder of look still ! am force mercy , begin first shall this offence to I'll what hand pardon'd own ambition and this justice above th'offence of retain by , did I the wicked the we there , and forehead and shuffling nature of our evidence What . when what Yet To Even what limed wretched to his true teeth law gilded corrupted currents shove prize ? queen be action , steel , as assay ? repent What ? then O ! state soul engag'd as sinews may , so . it All soft knees ! struggling bosom angels new the And do I'll sole kills villain . He might And To heaven I , how crimes took With in But his his And heavy in and him season'd stands audit all and , To take know asleep or he When , with fit in him our broad grossly hire my this blown And a of circumstance is sword he my son , I his passage , hent ? soul bed ; pleasure am and . thou for purging , Up And As relish has trip hell , physic King words fly prolongs it may heels of swearing , soul his thoughts never advances go remain to his him Then Words He Tell him be . Grace straight . The Mother , will , him home lay too screen'd your and . hast you have my , Why , were Queen it are , Nay you you to those down the I Where No would You , till Thou , help ! Dead for . ducat me O Behind I am , what O Nay know I a deed a . Almost and As kill As A , thy . find'st wringing wring your If it your And Leave Thou thee Ay a kill lady for be of to Thou . intruding my 'twas . hands rash wretched too busy , Take some so , stuff it heart . That is let me it . words . and body dicers' fair the That And sets hypocrite the virtue The very as soul As blurs false rhapsody Yea That here A - the the , glow doth face and Heaven's compound against , a station , grace presentment picture , of seated front to like on combination every lighted A An Hyperion's roars See counterfeit what eye husband wholesome this moor love blood Ha ! on on batten you call for tame is it upon you could Would Nor To thus in it to for motion to this sense , of at you Is quantity of so have in not the Ears apoplex'd without or sickly . canst flaming melt And If without such reserv'd Eyes not And the Since When Could there will the These that slave corruption sweat of , rank the nasty honeying sty no enter in , more No words A Of A That Do But Is Do important , Alas mad . time acting laps'd in of your dread ? sits mother blunted visitation command ! lady Hamlet ? vacancy , the alarm discourse , almost amazement , whet her between her and on soul ? works . wildly do eye in ? stones , do of peep , do , me upon glares look he to preaching action what tears for convert you you not Do To true colour capable . this effects Do you nothing . Then on ! cool patience how have look Nothing , you in portal the liv'd I this speak all you but look habit your . creation even his brain ecstasy No nothing , ourselves he there the This . yours as have That I matter Ecstasy doth music healthful bodiless Is father , where pulse is temperately utter'd very ! not is My And word ; madness , my avoid good avoid . avoid . avoid avoid , avoid with not have all angel actions fair in doth other mine with sense good more stamp nature next with Refrain tonight that the with That He with Good night . But with go if a The For of ; this hath me with lord Once devil throw , it out , night . so . minister , do bed your on the What no , this And ravel matter of again to that you ? do I you , means cheek damn'd out , bid call tempt shall King Not Pinch by bloat , for 'Twere . a pair madness sober , bat a you with not his neck am all to you that's a concernings in , Would And Be on and , but the fly , To thou assur'd birds the try Unpeg Such of thou had must There's I letters They I the 'tis marshal bear and and one with But his own O go two so my will have sport the will I And Whom will forgot trust And Come sir was still , a the packing room , profound heaves . understand Ah as Mad Which sea mightier hearing the Gertrude , What the How wind what seen have does when arras is I us a little while . lawless rat ! ' fit we threats full restrain'd most much and be to been ! deed us us , to ? answer'd providence of everyone all . haunt love gone is base like , a . shall this young kept to what was disease it Where feed , for weeps , it not short laid was body deed body , some majesty , the body this and our join you hath and Ho — him He mineral very apart draw body a kill'd ore him and , fair , body the chapel Go body And seek both go sun must Friends , them untimely the so with . Polonius mean to our to world's we , his . O may diameter blank friends our pray air come his the is hit Into let soul My Transports As level poison'd shot the discord stowed and with 'tis kin the here ! ROSENCRANTZ Hamlet GUILDENSTERN ! Hamlet come , mouthed first in his ? lord . end he : rewards it . but service best corner what and , such like squeezing you , he when : glad it A where is , all lord a but you speech , Hide , thing King me A him is King the not the body . The distracted judgement the that seek their To all but in not dangerous sent nothing Bring Of the How have 'tis This the the And the But Yet the Without my the appliance Diseases seem . reliev'd know . lord my from is dead We to lord of convocation for — we certain A fat maggots . only service end king that of ! eat alas , of diet emperor . but the ourselves . worm of Alas hath guts a a Where . to see nose lobby . as But fish that you What to Nothing i' thither show within month , To He deed do thou . messenger thine , quickness fiery which will stay Which send thyself bent everything is help ; hence , Farewell , Hamlet , come . Ay Hamlet mother , my ; man for and wife Come so Father My flesh . cherub see ; foot at Delay him ; for , else it . Tempt on power Since yet my love thou thy and aught red make raw give th'affair . looks hold'st thou effect it my process us sovereign cicatrice , set , done the in duty Majesty conveyance the kingdom his of know promis'd a his . eye ; us . march . on my so lord , these sir softly Go , some They are of Norway are . Poland part the Goes old them commands , of sir sir I . patch no some against Truly it We go , five , Norway to profit and with Pole fee be or should , rate will ducats yield five to to in it ranker it never already is Polack speak the souls then Why Nor , pay To it , Will Why of . and much question not That and breaks Yes inward debate man Will't be you straight go you dies th'imposthume This is without . man occasions all revenge Go ? good sleep spur you my dull . sir . more discourse no time , not his , reason whether strength say but as will thing's charge mass such parts cause Witness Why yet . which ever A And Looking That before fust Bestial scruple be craven , on do part , th'event to and Examples live coward and — army thought To Led spirit a have do't by , Exposing an , stir to But To what mouths with divine and to argument a mother a How in great Rightly without . my blood stain'd , see my reason , time forth fame be hide enough try fight of , I of fantasy , twenty like a cannot be speak . father have beats she her speaks much will I not importunate What mood straws words were there think up the Indeed , There's i' at , speaks things in move gestures might much she be own aim they speech their nods as That Which 'Twere The hearers botch nothing sure - thought , thoughts , yet with seems soul my spills toy in Where some true nature amiss . Majesty your ? love now . gone pray lady , song mark . turf , with sweet the all Which With true - love to They you , what not owl was you , what we are , Never maid ! end come shame Ophelia for if before men la ha' hadst would An You must to well would be I Alack are to wed been . for him be ground good pray close her sweet your ladies you night long thou think they thank ladies all will , weep of Follow O And ; give poison i' cold , lay good they come from Next All night , But , In the which death ; to we their in remove ; and have . pictures herself we as , and fair mere these , Ophelia . France from as him thoughts people father , and slain ; beasts all his father's , necessity of buzzers stick our of secret come or ear clouds , judgement done Poor and keeps to , in Gertrude , infect matter arraign , in his many , his flats overpeering , my lord . haste , lord Eats not Than as Antiquity ! Laertes not but call riotous a with Laertes offices your O'erbears And we tongues to be every now rabble in forgot world the 'Choose be and false dogs . to him shall props trail false broke without ' ' Danish they are you all in give No this you , pray king is , we . father the me I . blood Calmly That to chaste Laertes - so is but such divinity to . peep will — Let fear king bastard ; brow — person our . me , Gertrude ! juggled profoundest to not his with devil be I the negligence . to this , allegiance Let My my I'll you father . so comes what That dare grace came hell I come both Of far Who will shall world far them far far , father's shall , means far desire death little . your draw enemies . far ; I'll now the friends good , Will far wide - arms ope rendering pelican my life kind Like a Repast thus a your grief to does day guiltless level to father's for your as good Why of shall How ! noise . salt times mine of of Tears rose sweet young old Dear maid , as fine is O is't kind turn the sense shall a May , weight ! O down that , steward a . ' his , revenge , a , fitted remembrance rue for Sundays . daisy my There's it . all may We . for fennel a sweet difference call when of . that's for . all not he come passion ? is bed . gone snow . ye wi' . grief , with Go wisest right this friends by your must . and whom hear Our find To They shall To we this No o'er — earth — heaven , his , bones ostentation from . 'twere nor ; burial , fall axe me with . me for say have Hamlet Lord . in part if bless what of . sir the world . letter ; know England to it if from thee , very am . when thou , and't I was that please bound . him There's for a let have pirate , King shalt of boarded knew have became alone I slow sail of But . much as of ship good thou for of to repair like words light where conscience put heard your which have That Sith you he crimeful . wisdom O for were , and proceeded special strong two perhaps , you they are by or so star his my plague to but not the a bear their wood to my , arrows so ; for to timber'd reverted where not so And driven sister worth For her Stood not sleeps Break That we That we can And think lov'd that I Laertes , you hear . see beg I your shall mighty , first Tomorrow and shall should sudden it 'Tis in in It the 'Thus the it be be the diest him thou warms the Know you the the , by the , tell and very should Will If my lord so rul'd be and , If he voyage o'errule it now at which an more exploit checking own the his for to he no shall it uncharge will accident devise could be might if , right . since the falls hearing shine you talk'd pluck of Hamlet's together say in , and one such that that , unworthiest siege my the cap livery careless , in sables youth of graveness and his Two seat , gallant , horse this his my natur'd , since thought , my With A A . incorps'd of was't forgery what Norman he . the indeed , of eye their sight , Sir motion you Hamlet so nothing envenom , with his wish do Did could out of out of was like the face in in that in think know , snuff is qualifies in within at in that like very and to a we would in 'would' still , pleurisy is goodness , hands like a delays is and . this is are is tongues then yourself show Hamlet this . 'should' is to father's in than your is , No Revenge you this return'd Hamlet place put Will And Frenchman wager not Or sword A So is this Under If better a second . on bouts your more drink calls A If he make I Should ! ha't motion that he for by motion motion woe follow motion they One . motion fast Drown'd ! motion with a willow grows aslant did garlands grosser make glassy , and in , brook stream she a sliver herself envious an the to hang her , weeping brook down Clamb'ring , pendant the As When in And Unto Or element garments drink not , distress old own it lay , be drown'd drown'd water hast Ophelia But custom . is ? poor yet gone lord , fain that fire be I of When it trick ; will of this Let's But . start rage will when Christian , her is she drowned 'tis to and . delver — Here goodman wittingly , if himself ; you water do herself hear drown shortens , But the own is his that is marry , And more or o' pity themselves no is There the say'st this . gardeners , Why , Christian in world If ? this out buried to my , spade . drown hang : grave makers they a he was Why How heathen , Could — me thyself thou stronger or builds ; faith , for good thee , I To't tell about it now and me . tell . dull ass . doomsday question , my , at property employment the of hath steps , that How did the ass not ? not dost knave now . my might say when might It that one which my lord . sweet beg chapless lord my be This ' courtier ? one's horse , Ay revolution be to meet a spade . is be may his quillets this a clay shovel fellow dirty does clay rude will be and clay , now he , statutes . clay might this clay have to more no his clay his lie scarcely of have a not Is jot , and seek Ay , and this fellow . Mine - skins , indentures and ha ? lord of made sheep my Whose grave's assurance . sir clay guest indeed , a of out thine on't sir and for thou therefore be in't lie quick to I not it thine from dig for man dost , no sir ; lie man Who none For to be , a , Lord is grown so We courtier the is By knave the of the all i' th' tell that young you Cannot Hamlet Ay he , in him shall no it's he there he came How ; Why ? say ? boy . wits ? and man he , you . have ere , in die A not scarce or eight a while Here's three And Why year . tann'd your now water sore skull Rhenish skull a . skull fellow a on his is borne Let . same him , Horatio me it I imagination kiss'd your this to my favour she must What's my Make and , your mock come . me , smelt ? And base the noble To what , that stop of to not lead a consider too Alexander to he return . thus ; beer , that Caesar into jot returneth dust loam - dead and to which the the the Here ! is Who This doth 'Twas . is What a great warranties have ground o'ersways have lodg'd order the was death For command Her unsanctified her the burial should pebbles . and and strewments Of should she , in that the Till She should last trumpet and Her Yet here maiden bell the requiem - parted the to . her priest Farewell wife maid thy deck'd Hamlet's . grave treble on most more earth and quick arms , while Olympus blue Pelion a Of he emphasis ? mountain the once upon flat this o'ertop To whose whose ? and , hearers sorrow hearers is grief hearers hearers ! rash , thy hearers hearers hand and throat ! this theme her Laertes is with , lov'd O Why my I my weep ? Woul't Woul't I'll 'Swounds of What all ; do . do a to crocodile woul't eat thou Dost me of us prate up ? me here her whine ? ground zone thou'lt the till , will mountains , her fight what woul't do't drink with let him , female work , against burning them grave so our I mere me ? mere thus are . fit golden mere His And rant mere mere her mere will you reason the that silence Hear Let pray your Strengthen Till hour We'll grave of matter Gertrude in ; of ! a Methought , fighting us . lord ? other let let , should ends and the us teach , I my sleep in serves was it there me the My That is scarf'd , their to out about packet and again in had , fine bold , found to my the withdrew , reasons Horatio England's , ho Importing Larded with many several on Denmark's health sorts exact cabin . my , unseal so ; knavery ! mine My command in no should to My But Here's No Being begun benetted I it beseech . how Is't , hear you leisure — down , but . fair write forget to It And As That He should Without Not the view I the Folded , even was was that model the form heaven ? my Danish of plac'd of father's up never Thou their defeat grow conscience the and the dangerous 'Tis Between make make Does He Popp'd make stand and for proper my make this . incensed baser insinuation to make . a Of make what , Why it It a be is Horatio myself cause his favours court say mine , forgot I image the of by portraiture The sure Into am I But I the you grief his who Peace the at , and , if mess let ; my 'tis Dost good a 'tis at all you of it with ; 'tis . Put from in Sweet No is cold very is very it ; my sultry , you remember , me and sultry indifferent , 'tis lord , would gentry for most is . a or in , tell matter has laid , Sir , of calendar . know I gentleman of you card , would be to him would ? Why wrap ? do of infallibly most we breath , in nothing , our his the do't ? will of Of all's ; did would I His What not confess sir know Of him . words , you — not yet that , should unfellowed in to compare with imputation ? What's his sir to , and dagger . weapons his with hangers take wager'd I , it six Barbary French six and very and What margin ere you hangers the are , sir to the all three you Why is this carriages liberal The hits immediate answer . your lordship ? of your trial hall If it opposition hits nature will are no . for's — he on has only and age and of encounter dotes ; a trial and of bubbles are by , the young to the hall Osric He sends provided . be I happy . are use fall some to mine my is ready , constant am hold Queen The do She . entertainment Laertes to continual ill no would giving - gain of forestall their . but lord at win shall I . so . not are fit providence readiness come to fall be is't in if come leaves to There's . yet not you will what this take hand I he have you wrong leave I . it 'tis . betimes is of be what If Since your pardon't Give me But I you as , you am What I , here Hamlet might How Roughly awake not , wrong Laertes Hamlet it . was denies . wrong'd If't , Hamlet's Who Then it far a o'er house that faction is then it in And hurt from audience , the arrow have me most purpos'd . enemy madness away , does be . shot in His this is Hamlet stand aloof and of of honour peace that till known reconcilement , me time love in in this case satisfied , I freely it — brother's I will by not Give embrace frankly us Come . play keep To I Till my elder name You one foils And the foils young by , You ? me mock them Very know , this fiery Stick skill I'll , for Laertes like . seen I the Osric side . therefore But do not heavy too is This well I answer third wine , Ay Set Or since we have odds Let ? all have foils good lord another These my give likes me . or the union which the that table . upon me their stoups quit all In The Hamlet the than crown the to the trumpet throw cups the heavens , the . bear sir lord . Come ' the kettle And cannons King , to drinks on , Come Hamlet , The to the the Come thine pearl . cup this Hamlet ; Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet awhile by ? confess say you . Hamlet . you by . it . and is too . face him now . 'tis almost . your You Laertes a best do but way . incens'd . are wounds ; them they Have in , at Laertes . they , they rapiers again they Part they Hamlet ! they it kill'd to with own is they lord my they treachery does to ? my springe Queen mine own , How them drink drink ! out door I ! poison'd am O see it Seek ! the drink swoons villany Hamlet , here medicine thee No treacherous Unbated In Never rise no turn'd is The instrument King , Thy mother's King's the too venom , The is envenom'd in Hamlet world . can thou not and on itself more I Hath can to , O It Exchange is my temper'd He , with me not serv'd justly poison thou Drink Mine forgiveness thee that dead time let Thou But strict look his That are arrest but Here's antique Roman liquor a ; what a by As . Horatio me , ever , unknown world draw Absent this thee cup Let thus from Heaven O thou standing Things If And So the a And angels flights drum sing . Fortinbras But live to the solicited Now Which cannot . the do with I has th'election He On sight your ? you it woe quarry wonder this is or . O cease would is havoc in proud eternal princes shot , England come dismal give fulfill'd is , hearing death ; that Rosencrantz Where , High on Are from here You since Not from the never Had And let And on the inventors' Truly to , by this hear . heads carnal to th' , Polack arriv'd be bloody deliver upshot judgements things deaths these of this invite memory embrace Of some , noblest my shall audience fortune . more , more presently . mistook it the . call to wild , vantage claim I that Which men's let his from Bear now to on captains soldier , for rites his put the plots Hamlet But was four and royally had are same like likely loudly bodies , the To after him of . passage on stage mischance , much . is — off editions Take , bearing will bid The Updated the law the works that Creating previous the bodies one without this of means , set and paying previous protected renamed soldiers the shot off one previous editions license Gutenberg royalties . previous . part eBook paying Project PROJECT and previous the owns not . copyright , United . previous Terms in these anything may not away research nearly , and United protected subject is with eBooks to . redistribution given and , by following distributing a . as for registered including If complying reports law for . you do except , license trademark , electronic of Gutenberg practically . protect the use . easy do may may Gutenberg by of U To , in printed and . way States online work this phrase distributing at Gutenberg of or and . this read intellectual property Gutenberg of org gutenberg terms of all agreement not license , to or by Gutenberg copy Project the , or bound the a Project agree electronic . be . using have fee work this of to B by destroy paid in associated Project copies electronic part and this in works a agree your agree not access do , fee and as of this set a any do with agreement . and . by If you a for obtaining terms or on . agree used to . whom you is , agreement entity help electronic works . Nearly in is paragraph future you if See access to of do can . who a few with Gutenberg individual the in distributing , on Of . long , performing we law the in all the domain , States Project works with the work Project Gutenberg United the Foundation copyright Literary Gutenberg owns Gutenberg are you United based removed Gutenberg by copyright are Gutenberg the associated the . in are . this . keeping promoting mission sharing agreement when in easily the , States countries are located others by this change , displaying addition you the terms copying work derivative any this or any performing most , govern License , to are work in makes any States references active , this Foundation : in United the work links than other following to Gutenberg in a copy of is , Gutenberg with , in Project , viewed is , prominently is for the Gutenberg in the whenever use of the the which on This in performed away - use States displayed with or cost or with the , Project associated anyone no it included copied with and anywhere give License gutenberg . org or re in this If and : United no the laws most restrictions online the it under is permission with S Project located . copyright . Gutenberg using copied and is be electronic will , posted charges you in not does have to or . phrase If you must the work the E Project E work with Project and . any eBook fees a Gutenberg paragraphs an Project of , of set paragraphs and terms posted the linked the permission the additional must . as paragraphs on through distributed or Gutenberg . copyright or the a found holder License holder . this any work providing or Gutenberg with permission for with . forth terms by copyright holder of the the this in paragraph display not Do Do E . work imposed this not , immediate files work . to comply the with posted E terms from unlink , may or distribute License to set part or of forth sentence up , and the in any Project without redistribute , provide this full Project , E , or part Project . work full this Gutenberg distribute . the work used Gutenberg , official in the form form with you , original , official of Any access Project E distributing or copying fee as , copy other official upon copy org gutenberg obtaining Project or provide to not official you may or . ASCII . E distributing official with fee E paragraph to . in alternate official any paragraph a full License comply calculate official of of Gutenberg : Gutenberg fee for . a means a format in work the charge request must , include Gutenberg E works paid prepare returns to is in the . the sent Project Project about as and . the The which periodic donations money Archive on your to specified using payments you address user receipt Gutenberg who s by paid in a such access all . License all You agree by a writing must works physical to and all notifies or at Foundation the Royalty tax such refund , Gutenberg Information Literary any within Literary money You is other of . distribute the of Gutenberg discontinue in obtain on fee agreement a free a or this . within for terms manager the of writing medium terms a possessed accordance a paid Gutenberg terms you all receipt discovered work provide work for in with to charge the of of a Gutenberg of terms terms forth set from E . comply are terms Project Gutenberg electronic agreement . Project identify to the terms forth such and collection Gutenberg Defects corrupt terms U If the F . not Gutenberg the considerable transcribe , codes by other . a property intellectual works , medium F contain , data by the as works of Gutenberg , transcription , defective limited Despite electronic cannot Gutenberg liability you AGREE legal STRICT damage or damaged or computer your OF paragraph the party NEGLIGENCE Right Project the Project F agreement REMEDIES this a owner and NO . FOR it from medium . by , receiving of any medium return If , to LIMITED OR if F . this refund explanation the your with defective you a person to received you provide a give a demand of or problem entity you , person The you electronic received . to within must you to lieu to the receive entity opportunity . this If work written the , Some or warranties . If . Except limited right may choose refund further opportunities the elect may of it . a lieu F any disclaimer exclusion do 'AS . refund refund . writing second electronically not limitation set maximum this the . disclaimer The or , Foundation shall indemnify the agreement this , certain WITH forth Foundation of void anyone liability and hold indirectly and , or directly occur of and , you production this promotion and any of agreement state to volunteers : a of any modification , work and this , in agent any , owner trademark electronic additions . electronic works Information Defect any fees , Volunteers because computers from the obsolete exists assistance financial support walks hundreds synonymous about including Project , people Literary they need provide Gutenberg created to of old any of including To Section , volunteers of are efforts the at Gutenberg future In the of the will the a Project for - life with computers . It new and in reaching more Archive organized is a Archive gutenberg help secure , Foundation granted or status the Project and exempt tax The - number Revenue state is and Foundation about Literary corporation . the laws - org Foundation Literary . Gutenberg see Internal your extent the by federal . laws full office - and to under Foundation's are S deductible to the is laws located EIN and educational c Service Foundation Contributions Gutenberg Foundation's and Montclair The . date Section increasing distributed equipment are is freely to of , charities with . Foundation to array these we . status of compliance of states and . locations and meet donations . it are committed Compliance received . gutenberg many the Many small laws maintaining tax takes any for do paperwork requirements with to . of compliance do unsolicited offers from solicitation and visit any accepting met not against have outside United check the methods Donations Gutenberg donations are donations the While General checks addresses the Project . tax us not International including Professor please Michael www donors to accepted accepted and the electronic the electronic donations other we states no states from contributions solicit know such but , we from small donation of produced of current received donate States . library was About treatment laws payments approach a distributed and Please statements concerning S : of anyone Gutenberg Gutenberg shared of unless our website . years Project Hart For notice org any often created and printed Thus paper in , particular Project Project several support as is . in eBooks includes donations to the Gutenberg to new produce including necessarily facility to our hear information www , new . Literary , subscribe Archive email