? and Stand Stand answer live Stand at Stand thee to . bitter bed . He much your Stand cold 'Tis upon And I you quiet thanks am had guard ? Stand stirring heart carefully You I think I The Friends to of you If farewell good you honest O , Give - good night . reliev'd . soldier , Welcome Horatio Welcome is him , piece A says not What I Touching With us this may Tush That approve our again this apparition and , watch I let entreated fantasy him seen hold , of us this , story your down westward that's all star Where Had now And us hear we nights two fortified night course same his Last When Well yond Peace , Marcellus Horatio speak ? the thee break , same , be . Horatio would ; scholar art In like it like with to . this It offended sometimes it thee night By thou it Question usurp'st fair of I is ? that majesty ! stalks . mine Before God the and ! Without , 'Tis ! Stay ! Such was As it Of , not Is Is sit this In Why So now gross thought scope tell strict down And With stalk the eruption our my he and , what martial why same and and the , strange and particular , such divide be joint impress toils for , King . haste : task , last us seal'd known ; Did For the Who whisper even , know on combat as make but , goes can is't that can a Fortinbras appear'd so ; of , lands young , same competent return'd , Fortinbras Hamlet him his , cov'nant had , of ; article and full by mettle unimproved Hath hath That For food and a But father main compulsatory of appear ; in't stomach to recover us strong , figure , King . portentous of mind's dead fell eye . star of streets sheeted state the : the question high it most the and trouble stood of sun fire trains sick harbingers precurse doomsday and As A I'll If be good me . to me sound it blast thing thy to thou Which Speak may If , or ! though any thou That there , Extorted For if , do any Or thou it Stop which , it with not in , life . partisan ? majestical . at and - sounding shrill , fire day ; in earth of his that is , vain our And For To it is blows invulnerable the a have warning herein , air , heard I trumpet and confine To his Some It bird of ever Saviour's that on say no birth dare planets to . abroad charm time no spirit crowing , crowing spirit the crowing And of the truth crowing it crowing . tonight have upon we what my crowing life to to do mantle high , up , nor witch gracious crowing the watch us shall our in needful So fairy The look we Let , acquaint speak him I morning . duty morn heard , our o'er But Unto Do spirit Cornelius yet bear memory of be we with In mirth With one scale ; nor have delight and , marriage , herein we wife better Holding thinking Or to with Colleagued Our this a that you supposal dear out of of dream and by of . brother this : is for business valiant ourself uncle impotent much have , dispatch all levies , show . will we duty . Laertes , heart , the not beg the is't with , Laertes thou , offer wouldst the to What my more thou throne wouldst leave Than That And lose shall head What I that your France , gracious confess in to Dread and you them and must I show my favour lord , bend duty to toward What . and bend . go thine at my ; bend give seal'd from me hard him Laertes it ; I bend kin bend than and , beseech his By bend my , bend am , eye lord , cast look Hamlet for not thine Good Do And Passing madam , to all nature it common the that like thy . must lives , die know , solemn black , of indeed of moods . shows man the denote me the nor dejected These the your within a visage , eye the breath in of of play suits the of woe . persevere to some a father ; nature duties mourning must But give , his lost stubbornness a unfortified most . incorrect will heart the should most , and who whose fault common vulgar vulgar , cried us world our to most vulgar You This must be vulgar vulgar vulgar immediate In immediate immediate Than that of And are a immediate immediate immediate is we And not us and of immediate cousin you cheer chiefest beseech Here It and comfort bend to ; her go lose our eye Hamlet . tell away grace and heart accord of Hamlet Madam , fair a madam , Denmark that ; drinks Come King's the But Sits Be as ourself in unforc'd to health and rouse speaking earthly flesh into had . slaughter stale the — nay fie - uses flat an and gross to to winds my , not of earth him on and Heaven would is old — grown ! mother to that loving had , yet or followed . poor ere of hang , appetite a body woman my of she reason . like month tears , to well forget I'll what you , glad I : lord ? you friend ; name Wittenberg Marcellus my . that say so violence report truant depart . student . upon bak'd . wedding mother's ere deep to me funeral . father the The funeral that my in foe day . my my see had my not My my my upon take ; I my once look I him yesternight King my my father a while deliver . for father the . of to waste nights Two these their , the your them . and : watch night pie had had had had This to , the in both night , deliver'd had thing . are , had ; father me watch knew not , they apparition of lord The Where Stand In dreadful kept did made word comes as with I And the These hands each I like more ; yet did it I none the platform upon But speak , like as it and ? once speak . 'tis crew it my think away , our in , this it in duty . We my ? lord top From Arm'd do the watch you foot , lord My Indeed , and you my lord . frowningly face ? beaver . anger ? sorrow or , Then , A countenance Nay I had upon constantly Most his fix'd eyes It was as , His when moderate I saw't , MARCELLUS with If it noble hell . my my itself sight , no his . in life . person , I assume hold me And speak Upon And tenable hitherto have to loves Our I'll your I will spirit My sit I Your it requite Give an 'twixt platform Till still foul , arms would foul embark'd . Farewell to soul , me doubt Do convoy that assistant is sister But you fashion the not , Forward Hold For , And And it in and a primy from hear ; nature crescent Think and trifling ? it wide now soil no withal inward The In No does For himself weigh'd his , but Perhaps nor persons choice on , himself for he The And sanctity therefore ; health must of . service as for of choice , loves that of yielding if particular Denmark which ; wisdom your may is He It is he As May Whereof the he give Unto the his weigh main voice of deed goes chaste , it fear unmaster'd ear loss what head and he be says to so and you he far is withal may his . importunity treasure open ; affection desire . enough your my songs of the be infants calumnious dew fear lies in . safety , though . else none moon , of my good this to the , rebels are as to shall th'effect not watchman As the itself Show liquid most buttons their blastments best near youth puff'd some primrose a the my Himself And I And you are wind sits And character stay'd thou , and by thought thy the . for There thoughts aboard double in few these smiles upon your for Aboard shame . you . Beware vulgar . tongue . act , steel comrade thy soul Give hoops with dull thy but hast thou Be friends unto to not hatch'd a th'opposed man the France a the ; not buy few can judgement : best chief of own edge nor and rich purse thy oft in of Of may beware of the be : that : any the , be to this , my . lender in friend go What The Most Farewell take my do Farewell time above all , blessing your Lord you it of , keep you 'Tis Have If — as you late yourself , me Hamlet said : oft made you bounteous on me me so the clearly girl green circumstance like ? them of up . I should affection , Give ? lord perilous his believe my , not Or Which are to it — ta'en tender wind the . have , lord , honourable thus , lord not That fashion you may call vows to countenance And In I heaven . of speech to . lord my go know making this a extinct prodigal soul do . all Even scanter light tongue their promise more must , command Set Be You may Than Do mere like in to beguile plain or charge , give Have shall air It ; then ; near wont of it lacks ? is ; very cold . lord ; draws . the season ? rouse his of trumpet draughts the takes , his and swaggering upspring . thus Rhenish down ; tonight and ? takes swinish a custom though phrase it height though . west nations indeed and than manner drunkards though achievements oft So The our clepe They That in nature though their cannot choose not , though origin they mole though of in pales though though men these , wherein in our ; addition some Since down habit say wherein I , Carrying virtues livery As in the or Fortune's reason wherein stamp man corruption The wherein of as censure ; guilty wherein o'erleavens — the may that manners too much — defect , wherein , star that pure of thee , shape Have King , Let Why That Be with Be Angels Bring thou spirit in airs a from heaven . Dane a or charitable answer the sepulchre ! mean steel souls in , nature ? of glimpses we marble quietly inurn'd moon , glimpses complete this jaws the fools our glimpses , glimpses . glimpses glimpses I follow life it soul set my what immortal be Do speak not lord . that . it , pin's as not It not it follow a at itself to fear the , you tempt waves if there assume some a my Being the o'er deprive madness of again me beetles still , waves . every ? motive looks The very place fathoms desperation my hands . the of form brain , And more That on Hold rul'd Still I me . not your go in lion's , a away Let's — that this obey imagination Unhand on follow . issue is He , say ; with him of him Denmark . the ? Speak me , ghost poor lend . I'll , Mark Must . shalt hear serious thy Alas To what but I my , night of young blood , word spheres nature house their to secrets of But in days prison whose freeze start to stand end a purg'd the day the burnt To didst thou blood But flesh dear , list , part am thy from to fretful the eternal Revenge Murder and foul the best O thy . particular each And of Haste And . thoughts , as most this to duller shouldst this thou itself May sweep rots As stir out a ; than be Now love weed hear Denmark death thou stung did his uncle process know , in given Wouldst . sting wit , A will wit of my wears I Upon But wretch in whose , went to a those it of vow dignity there the , beast traitorous have . be heaven never were even love of his with , mov'd poor it shape radiant a to virtue , the Sleeping always my custom let But With such natural That the of ! And itself on within uncle ears whose distilment an The And soft me methinks . I of hour my the hebenon quicksilver sudden a swift Most and And The , blossoms sin and droppings blood thin And lazar off was , Of of most wholesome , life Cut even And a instant So of , the No O With reckoning I , All like not Taint If Against and thorns aught let her heaven at be , sting - worm 'gins pale his adieu the uneffectual . near once ; grow ! to matin ! O , me ghost stiffly sinews , O , globe table Remember holds ? else , seat , heaven a instant Hold , my earth heaven ? not memory , past all of my records pressures brain ! villain Denmark word ' . Now to my ; it ! ho , Hamlet Heaven It my lord , come . Good Not No , lord . by , be and be you say be You be be There For as hold be I so These be , it Why needs , right i' hands circumstance at and you heartily heartily , faith they sorry Yes wild are I'm no by For are one poor my lord , us , friends you here Horatio , My you you you , swear't you . tonight not in . you my sword , you already my indeed Swear my . stage ? to , my lord have my . my my . my that my you my sayst , on Come Beneath ? your lay Never Hic O are soe'er I shall hereafter I before of as , more wondrous welcome , it is things , disposition — meet , myself me on never we , note , to and if would' might' . do shall gentlemen - shake 'We speak' of Beneath grace you know mercy at your Rest time Nay You Of lord My , Marry And , company encompassment drift will touch question you of come distant my particular , By That What and ; very , what , son your 'And in Addicted forgeries be he , my mark part 'I 'twere and father , you there of and , wild and , ' mean and he's ; known usual slips rank none , most ? far season it You incontinency him ; in would breathe on his is meaning must You But should it thing laying I Mark you soil'd i' would , be consequence ' , or addition . of and or phrase in guilty country this or 'friend the you the ? 'gentleman the , know 'I I about ' something does ay or such o'ertook thus : in What He , mass 'friend in 'closes with he saw , enter out falling of brothel gaming or takes with and assays of reach . or : tennis' of truth now — sale' See carp You . you God Good Observe lord , let , ply him . music lord in his shall so affrighted ? hell knocking piteous so with he had look , down , of in stockings other , but love horrors a - been thy he , for , took do Mad not by thus Long . other falls he to a sigh thus head rais'd And wrist wrist over done he lets bulk profound of brow , wrist wrist , down so , me mine face arm wrist wrist love . me seek , go help , the me the . eyes on without he ecstasy itself undertakings sorry ? late did and . and did heed me But proper in to our opinions sort , might . move age younger our close Guildenstern , put , provoke heard it should hath , did have so . we The Our Since Of Resembles So to , lies unknown within to there talk'd us from on time neighbour'd so so you And That to I to to to visitation and profit to receive majesties remembrance thanks hope our gentry much your hath , am adheres more to As To To And sure time of a shall such into . you of feet command bent , more entreaty the . to dread My And Heavens our helpful Go , Hamlet . him and gentlemen . gentle and you . Rosencrantz some son changed presence to is . my return'd presence practices Are still hast joyfully presence , Norway the father presence , presence . presence presence Assure I soul good Assure , Assure Assure hear sure brain Assure lunacy this my that Hamlet's do I Assure policy hath speak My O of Give shall me His is source and father's it our o'erhasty the son's marriage . desires to suppress . Norway out , preparation look'd his sickness your ; rebuke borne in , which sent greetings and to truly and out impotence griev'd , from which ; in joy , allowance quiet further , before thousand crowns as him To give might your such Through it As So th'assay Norway your to home we'll together : pass business we'll time consider'd likes set feast day the and And Therefore nothing since will tediousness but business Most liege and night brevity brief Meantime we What But My Were I the For I it in her , a Or the rather remains have To That's celestial given and an Thus , Ophelia — 'beautified' most a , fire the Doubt dear Thine , I , This given by hath these doubt never at thee I sun are ill evermore receiv'd mine by , O numbers be most whilst my to ear his think love you . But so fain As I table , here , think and , love . I told the desk , perceiv'd dear play'd a love went , what might idle might . bespeak to thy did I thus , ' ? this , from out I round or with And messengers then should be . no Admit done she , And , a you is took his . advice tokens precepts your Majesty my I This What might Hamlet 'Lord of no resort make , tale to a into then , you the to Thence to watch we be , very , I'd prov'd When it have I That Hath this such time fain so ? lead Take Not know from this that circumstances truth Where If I if . otherwise . walks lobby . him If I from And the Be Mark the So Here a time the no keep me We the will a be the you the the But . you where God me , a You - mercy a O comes . give I him How you I Then Excellent I'll does my . good a picked world ten of , sir For if in a Have you the sun have look , Friend Still a harping was I . suffered words , What my . conceive said my him my . extremity do you , he very lord men purging that have who ? words lord matter Between is read lord my thick wit powerfully down you grey crab — in't . my pregnant lord , of between that the o' , air of madness go backward . out madness , Into the hits Aside take my , daughter him reason . of life my him and except I there he . well . fools old you These go excellent As Happy Rosencrantz Good Neither her about Fortune you secret my true ; privates . the in we most the is my , news she that What , news Denmark's . of news ? the news friends prison ? worst news many th' one world my a news one being confines , makes one Then it . We think so my me , either a count dream a nutshell is for ; one it the is ambition are , makes ambition it , Which ambitious itself shadow's that hold is of were ; for not that . of substance the I dream Truly . are , and we monarchs heroes I dreadfully ; thanks are dear , what other but . make . For . servants . my attended . I a say ? of the I my it come my we justly colour to enough anything , in Is kind what know To to of me teach by . consonancy the , direct what our good , speak nay ; Come , you say youth conjure you rights better whether . off eye . Nay of dear If were you sent me , hold you sent for love prevent you of , roof work , foul how like is , the wherefore lord My King the canopy thing of in form piece , faculties in this in animals smiling your by , no What no , goodly frame this appears angel like hither shall lord you My laugh lord of paragon of and Why He king part in ; the , you coted . you from if I seem say 'Man man service and shall on lover ; peace tribute th' o' delight to wont lady and Even the shall sigh not of shall the me the those How , travel profit Do hold the same How they they inhibition followed when out These pace that top is ? not are ? that . quills maintains than they to themselves their — as not say it they thither wearing question many ? cuffs holds nation , do the went of about brains in ? those and too . money carry his is Hercules carry if . players carry it his lived the There carry are welcome you of Gentlemen this carry fifty carry is a hundred mouths something there But welcome north dear entertainment aunt When the handsaw . wind than and southerly That of each his say . old it . man they morning news was , Roscius . an my to tell When have I tell actor Upon The best actors world , Buzz come hither , Then on ass for each comical judge and , hadst for poem the , light individable , scene are These the treasure historical either , Plautus tragical only too men thou . ' well . Jephthah daughter that ? old , lord that follows . lord , well , follows by then will God like , wot comes more show , Why my since see Thy you know , lot I am glad thee look was For where when voice ring God face . most as . in nearer the cracked a ladyship . if million others the and an acted , or speech Masters at of it of as mine taste you , like anything not in indite wholesome it , to as , was I an in to tale called let in much Aeneas' of this in in It especially at matter in , with in me Dido than set the remember down top I received it the in thereabout If , begins whose dread the dismal more not but speaks , remember . cunning , and by . he where 'Twas so affectation author memory The Black When Hath blood as To With he now With heraldry total , impasted lend tyrannous a And . wrath mothers damned Pyrrhus , streets light daughters , the and Roasted mothers with , Priam with is , a in coagulate , mothers good sword antique where lies mothers his at too Rebellious to mothers their mothers God short spoken Greeks Unequal strikes fell flaming , finds . in rage his and with match'd . command Pyrrhus finds the . wind milky sword senseless blow this ear , of finds head Ilium sword top finds , finds wide th'air i' tyrant finds nothing against often a like reverend prisoner the heavens Did . some the the after so winds death new - Pyrrhus' hammers work , never less Mars's as see speechless did remorse Cyclops' Priam ! out sets hush rend him , dreadful thunder still below and A As Doth vengeance region the proof Pyrrhus' bleeding All wheel , of hill her the nave , than for forg'd and the all bowl fellies Fortune her power fiends away eterne , sword ; on . too falls Now strumpet round is too the to as too spokes from . on heaven too , sleeps too 'Mobled upon flames too . say Prithee or Hecuba too too mobled That's ! Run themselves gods things made burst with lank the barefoot late her blanket stood , A if his move 'Gainst When , seen Fortune's mortal Unless The the saw . of at eyes all she her limbs , let than their Good gods his out I your will . he where they will much they , My better you lord , see death . is , Come friends a play . sirs in every them you to according man your . hear . old which I , night hear friend ? Can lord for a set down would not need you of Gonzago play We'll , Dost Rosencrantz and night To We'll dozen or ha't tomorrow rogue a , what Is But Ay Could from force That With forms A He to him , conceit weep or cue stage speech , own in's for suiting her ; do her ! Hecuba peak king her I . for a ? a indeed unpregnant , her . most life her , free with he the horrid the ears and with her , tears her dear I pate my lie does lack this in it Who me cannot be ? it for : or region coward face Am my No mettled , made breaks , bawdy ere the all lecherous I Remorseless With what That , ass vengeance ! kites kindless murder'd , should , am make offal Oh son a scullion ! a ! very my and hell with Foh play words heard presently . drab by am the Why Have Must to I . that and , hath If . uncle organ the . something mine Play tent me As Out relative I'll the this damn very pleasing More And can potent have King this of confusion , quiet of distracted himself speak . means feels no dangerous all no Get so turbulent he what does harshly why find he gentleman . with we will by demands his disposition our , you fell certain these about have true before already ; in are , to matter your hear , did night This To he play see and me heart beseech'd all purpose give entreat much Majesties content me . doth it so most here espials accident . bestow may have we Her We That gather If't I your be your Of That To Ophelia We , will Your you . show . And much We , devil action — harlot's The not Is be or Whether slings and to heavy with plastering art it . helps word my suffer . be the , to is To The Or take end and heir dream of sleep perchance flesh heart Devoutly in Must That what There's and man's of law's , whose bourn , scorns the the , office merit ? sweat dread the traveller returns rather know ills will , have we of , resolution moment , awry thought all death . well yours thy turn cast of and of , my this well remembrances lord a , longed you No never not them remember'd , my Be your Good have of right I now , lord I you perfume , know ; their prove poor again more rich my , I to - re long have you well compos'd . so There the fair fair discourse lord ? honest you honest to , power was it ; you That and your means of , be bawd I did Indeed is to a the lord better the for than , you This of once you you but the time beauty loved you love you cannot virtue . as you such ambitious better put What in were revengeful that thee you you . mother Why not myself . arrant At , not may play . or to and not between ? earth not shape them give to not me . me my us Go . Farewell not you him shut If dost as not O , as go thou ice , nunnery O , know : I'll give farewell go , too powers , upon sweet . heavens thou monsters . on't more more . live will , and your for , pure as men wise and you make of The Go shall Th'observ'd The That , Th'expectancy Now sweet unmatch'd bells that noble form T'have That And ladies rose noble , tongue state quite and is see ecstasy with jangled music and eye a is fashion of honey and , the out Like out Love like I out what ? His do be out his madness some have though seen what Blasted out not I down countries shall he : Haply out Will Thus And which O'er it sits and hatch form his soul , prevent for which , different shall expel his puts What think : Ophelia Hamlet Lord How now said you the entreat , lord it tell love commencement . and My grief show And Of But heard To I'll wisdom Madness in It ones great so shall ; best not . not ear ; think confine , him him . speech the tongue beget ; a to to temperance that as most , capable of as the smoothness O ; of as do pronounced to you the as saw players passion , tear as your be as It and who to passion must too as torrent you me offends it a shows , this at or , the allowance — not players in cannot , Now must be the that speak to made I make but up , this of strutted image and mirror the her as own . O which , laugh Christians and the praise having neither censure others theatre of , have made men indifferently abominably so imitated And . reform'd for have altogether . to set on down reform I . set in themselves too . more O . And Will That's How King . you now ROSENCRANTZ work presently . lord ? them . my thou cop'd e'en , at . your ! service ? be I , tongue lick hast do what and No feed , And crook may candied ? thee clothe no , not think lord as conversation e'er , sweet my a just man flatter withal . from poor spirits good should follow was . finger mingled those , her her and well I pomp pregnant herself with A , And my As There play thee what not they passion's so thou nothing hast please death father's soul - of that the near Something , stop judgement please thee told , prithee I . rewards for please heart will that him heart . please my the circumstance King . please ; please heedful his judgements . seeming foot a occulted speech rivet our lord him we one foul play this . Give imaginations ghost unkennel itself a is detecting the Well are And he They A . Danish I If flourish our I ; eat . I the is playing theft must I place , and I crammed - faith the : I say Polonius . mine , I you chameleon's cousin others nothing I have now dish , you and enact ? i' . play'd are you not actor . accounted kill'd . my Ay did enact Caesar , lap ? lie in my . lord lord , think I I thought to lie my meant matters I What is Nothing legs . black for yet lord be ? a But for , O shall half ? not forgotten a O Then suit . not He upon down him unto him comes King's in ears , and again The , awhile passionate comes . lord it mallecho unwilling away , carried ? they'll ; counsel , accepts The . this show this they tell what You naught naught . this meant : tragedy I'll you tell . show him you you , us you Is this We stooping you and Here you , you prologue , or beg to hearing you the your your brief woman's with twelve sheen thirties cart love orbed , done moon hands been our Hymen be bands and sick former though your so state distrust from you are nothing holds in it my my my neither siz'd littlest fear of fear shortly thou grows too : leave as behind is . extremity made hath proof , love doubts are my or , love is fears love Where Where Faith grow , great , world love , haply and love functions in For O husband confound needs treason be let me in . one . Are Such do But , like but the birth sticks poor they that 'tis Of fruit , now husband me what determine do fall believe husband instances A When second slave forget ourselves passion grieves on slender . accident strange ; lose , joy when , what ourselves of either the we the 'tis fortunes love , not doth grief grief most themselves purpose . change : try , contrary are do end to and devices still I where him seasons needs shall his . wed dead , light . overthrown lord own from husband is and day nor hope night from from joy I me , trust me be prison my from give from food , lock desperation Sweet from thy rock with and wife strife from pursue widow once and a If deeply Ophelia hence she . now . leave , day world ? offence that what Let not o' work the our knavish nephew free souls withers the King . are it of Duke's . Tropically name play the his unwrung . keen my off take I . edge , chorus are your a you — Come your and , husbands , mistake black mixture Hecate's On rank , thrice magic and . immediately property His estate the for's usurp , natural Thy is ban wholesome in gets The rises King frighted How , very ? All some Give with with lights light . ungalled with must with runs watch , some play deer forest ; a with ; away hart let me Give with Why sir Turk turn this , while world go roses of players . the a Half and with get one know dismantled , very , O I Provincial , the my Didst the for lord note well very some king Come , Why Good Sir King a , The then my Your wisdom me show , Is his . signify would plunge to the . distempered ? marvellous more , this more and . purgation choler to more from your , lord my , put your more I mother more not make lord my you more , Queen The more to tame am , sir , of spirit , do breed , answer mother such I . pardon answer the ; no Then you can admiration behaviour . wit's My shall wholesome , more make wonderful son shall , obey We to She you in did you once me stealers . mother's a this of so by ten times us love our with lord still what Good that be , own do door upon grass in the King . griefs and You deny I you advancement of see me sir Ay the Let if my well one the but , O to recorders duty succession not I 'Tis easy ventages mouth , it stops . finger and . I cannot most You I me pluck out would ! top I of little , though am . and with are harmony of from the will from , with you from sir from play upon presently of indeed from shape and from camel ? from . by . top friends Leave , whale Very Or I The heart By Contagion When to churchyards now the is and yawn world bitter . be soul O How in tongue give them like let his , never I to of will forthwith , you with safe stands shall Therefore prepare nor commission madness not , along hourly not doth as keep holy Out so Hazard We To all strength single the 'noyance armour peculiar from of cease . gulf a majesty and depend a . ten is of ; The like it summit of thousand mount , this general consequence the which , boist'rous you fetters goes GUILDENSTERN closet . upon to sigh I will and this petty ruin . voyage , mother should o'erhear , you And upon you O The I'll And speech vantage nature Since . defeats to double strong as my business bound intent not upon't to heaven , Whereto shall primal murder inclination brother's confront prayer ere we this , the this ? visage rain itself first , begin if What enough snow sweet serves ? But . serve That Of Can Or And To is pardon'd forestalled past being ? turn be for own pardon'd prize so above itself queen world by 'tis action , faults ! with angels , struggling one black to be free . praying now , heaven scann'd that . to is goes , salary of knows course am And and circumstance stands of the . and in purging for more a , heaven thought reveng'd soul , as bread ; May , No hent horrid act as trip Then That gaming , no may goes . my never Words and thoughts to , with below . straight have I'll with and home . mother be . you and heat Mother coming . here round Much Tell He round round round Come come , round , round Go , you question Why matter how , Hamlet ? me your that can you set I till Where , then would you ho rat ? help Draws help dead , the part a shall glass me ? what know as his bad . mother brother King , farewell , some so I shall it stuff you wag against rude an dar'st , sense deed plucks religion Makes . sweet , oaths , hypocrite the ? love that , grace an O of soul A As From And As very tristful Is thunders act thought this and and and of solidity visage from as and face against as and me roars The words rhapsody and upon counterfeit The Yea and god lighted like to herald and on of , and , and A every give was a so Ay this was seated two . Jove - Mars station on a form indeed , kissing set now ? eyes you a seem you to assurance Look brother . is Here Where eye An To his you You cannot this on waits this for motion to have would but Sense ; so sure you at , what err , have , was't devil sight all sans it's your leave to feed ? humble sense sense is matron's Rebellious shame one . and judgement quantity What blind ? blush spots , soul grained tinct ; ears more Hamlet enter . and mine the vice a daggers These Save hover ! he's your . more patches with wings figure by ? to your of your tardy go . sits . works fighting weakest her thy thy whet but But step and passion son ! visitation blunted strongest . soul . almost not Is O in lady discourse gentle you ? son ? do air as at with That And up Upon cool and him To you speak look distemper stones to you tears nothing that there do convert look preaching Do piteous this cause Look , is I hear ? I blood to this ! all at Nor ! his now ecstasy . liv'd steals the of creation , you Why This Ecstasy very bodiless the is Look It Would matter utter'd healthful . Bring , for madness ulcerous to yourself on to is this the Forgive compost what which place speaks grace come virtue times ; my . it do beg , to these pursy pardon heart eat this cleft doth it uncle's of other mine , bed . cleft cleft cleft . cleft cleft , on him ; out on bles'd on on on tonight more of throw or nature easy easiness of more to on again answer behind be kind . do I that I . cruel be him , King tempt , What One , begins word Thus , Let Not Pinch paddling him to ravel for cheek all queen basket and like the basket . breath to ? of life breathe , gib know ? top down neck the bat a ? from , Unpeg the fly conclusions ? break ? try birds be hast said to made ? hard go shall the Let sweep most concluded . on , sweet mines meet . 'tis this with . you knave most . profound These 'tis your us , wind does when little ? them . seen I something stir rapier is out his . to to much out bloody had us , good this cries the arras hearing a kills heavy this a was and , like keep pith from what . It His liberty , laid short To the apart Should We draw itself . his , was love our divulging life of for like some done weeps shall , the , he , metals ! dragg'd closet you . excuse and countenance But Both Friends And Into seek Go , And whisper And poison'd as untimely both up our wisest dismay and world's shot of . cannon to the done what so air discord , miss blank , to mean in slander we . they ! is My Transports Who calls you . Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ ? O , here . be , a son for Tell a of an them , like , officers you But that what mine made , service jaw , rewards his , best what corner the do he needs of ; sleeps speech A body you the knavish King the a is my , us glad squeezing : ape in the , King but — Hide , foolish in with to the ear a The King . after . thing the body is A him me Bring sent to seek it of away all reliev'd . What ? body is at all seem must Diseases To th'offender's not lov'd so distracted their sending sudden desperate the We Where dead now lord Bring my pleasure lord At . worm eaten he Your for for convocation ? At but eats he are all king creatures at where Not e'en your fat one us supper supper ? two , fish that you a mean by through and That's but , that eat . end , hath eat worm a king that hath fed progress . of within seek this . Go your king a Polonius indeed nose . yourself till him there the not there not him — into stairs you up the seek you some we which bark tend . we help safety ; thyself bent purposes our knew'st thou if England them cherub England So see England a is loving Thy England man mother mother and England My England mother England it at and , else leans for ; foot so That , yet After great if on , Father him with , Come . have him seal'd make awe aught set free , begun ; 'tis . he blood , Till my Craves my conjuring . Do in hectic the like For thou Howe'er , Go him license the so on Go And his our duty in his march rendezvous Danish king Fortinbras , let my . I , Good How , some , part ? the commands , Poland main Fortinbras Who it The Or against , to them Norway speak to in will Nor Why A Yes , it the is Why , it and much wealth and peace and without , Go . little sir and sir ! souls th'imposthume . and , you wi' shows no cause straw you and , humbly b' and and and lord and a his time and discourse us be wisdom and — craven to strength exhort and , part not scruple and means , ambition divine and , Examples a at and event , earth this coward in Why thought And yet have oblivion quarter'd or , some not dare great , straw and to Rightly , mortal in quarrel . And let , That honour's at an eggshell . find to with , then stain'd men . be I , a thousand and beds tomb O be ? not graves a sleep father while , cannot mother blood shame a and fantasy my reason to cannot or cannot will importunate indeed , cannot cannot cannot distract pitied be would cannot I is mood much world her father speaks , of Her . it speech sense straws , as botch The Indeed the , and think with - up at Spurns That And good winks one were make fit to would Which Dangerous she Let sick her minds may she for ill to soul come , nature true of toy seems jealousy amiss . is , know your one of Denmark ? and another his By his , lady sandal this ? my the sweet did . pretty flowers ; go not lord ! be . a lady true With Which dild ! have but what dupp'd he I Let that . door , they , maid end , day betime . fie ! shame come , fie on't fie fie they for fie do't before if they fie are tumbled thus ? choose night shall , Come , My I been must . thank night We you so think they would lay for , good ; this from When Next For Thick Of son in come sorrows , good secret Wherein secret secret Alack secret my are secret the Where What secret yourself this noise more with guard ? haste call riotous noise . Laertes forgot noise offices Than Eats the overpeering , custom but noise a rabble now him lord , clouds the ' noise king ' , to be every and Antiquity hands noise be and world props Laertes it known , trail Danish , on cheerfully How Where this king is this is ? the , dogs . all in , you of cuckold Cries drop That . my . thou me that's my proclaims brands . true the my Of here my thank I Let my to calm giant not fear me Laertes my Calmly him That my thy go , the what Tell man , hedge him Let Where thou rebellion is What cause , Do so - divinity of little treason Why Acts his . Laertes , not But To hell , Conscience dead ? the point to negligence devil ! reveng'd , stand revenge , little world ? father I'll . so , your know you and father's sweepstake means If , Winner but you them - thus Will like his friends Repast Why good As And good shall Within And , them to , a grief to your judgement gentleman . to , to salt , May ! wits fine to to ? life maid's of by seven of O where man's and a paid Tears . possible old instance loves of 'tis , revenge , daughter the and It 'Down a And sing wheel - it remembrance is . and , more love rue sweet good Robin when father They would . you for o' a There's for I all , hell some must here's made . my joy itself prettiness he and passion to , not will All of He His And No is we cast is was as white again dead is come he - as poll . God moan beard God all , Do Christian Laertes and hear of whom 'twixt Go with , your touch'd our in it with content . ostentation formal his so obscure this , you . burial his , to heaven earth , great the go is So must , rite , His No noble sword , heard let you shall that they would with letters them say . greeted know be I I They come are sir . What do part Lord . you you thee for is know let I bound There's too bless . him was you to shalt They , sea , you please him overlooked you you . your if have have sail them . On you did . put we they the their knew you mercy the the ourselves ship thieves and . to turn good words repair two fellows in . will have the prisoner letters fly much got these give . appointment on a Ere instant became good ; of of what have I have compelled slow too so for of me clear valour like , our thou thine bore . speedier Guildenstern matter as thee . knowest hold These ear in speak them do't the him you with your me must give that have I thou to for brought my and in , hath Pursu'd well appears whom that you may . them , feats capital It your That And you you by proceeded . But . tell these not and safety mainly . unsinew'd up all things , his mother , not gender wood to wind noble a have slightly timber'd I aim'd danger You flat shall dull and stuff , You beard of may into praises driven have And And How I your think That not your made And I , my Of Sailors to Letters This first , should it some is abuse strange , the you postscript a in Hamlet's he . sickness live shall 'Thus It and my in I very it lost am I As it be you rul'd by How teeth — a If his . voyage more No exploit As an which he shall the checking at to , not uncharge choose device work return'd him will and , the It I The You And they talk'd Hamlet's you one , cap that in lord youth the for careless age and too riband needful Than The in my , envy my regard , months his less becomes wears , French gallant , my , same , is all gem well He of confession the you masterly , report a scrimers this wish . and to this nothing envenom Sir them coming That one For And He That for and gave exercise in be report nor The he sudden o'er play ? you face A the your , to of are ask without like Why you heart painting of did I know see , a a not passages fire . of out , my this Laertes that that qualifies lives wick , I at is spark the a this hands are tongues this 'should' is spendthrift sigh many we love flame will That pleurisy still of goodness as are o' deed , accidents 'would' would , it of very that abate , too own should That As And there hurts Hamlet by show should cut To have Revenge No this no indeed his throat should But close on all so with contriving remiss , of ease choose , that foils the unbated And do A So shuffling And that no dip shuffling , shuffling , shuffling , virtue in gall from shuffling thing my him this of if that shuffling this With This it all can . look both think shape time touch the , It better have a drift to what is the , a knife it means have so rare I'll death moon Under further convenience our our fit did blast back not may Let's contagion Weigh or Soft , let , him sipping . there hold hot you . your on more wager your bouts calls for How chance Our he your ! When in he One may motion We'll I And that a A - crow , fantastic , daisies in aslant now sweet the and , broke name long stream brook , grosser call herself a give an weedy trophies sliver envious And Clamb'ring Of There Drown'd O a where willow his There flowers liberal maids hoary , purples , them Her snatches it incapable time the When on But That long from Till As like garments melodious . then drink , drown'd thou , Ophelia holds Adieu . out speech fain , fire folly would gone , are my these lord , yet douts to do follow Gertrude calm it follow I fear I The to she I Therefore will . in Christian therefore , finds herself it her salvation ? her on be Why found Christian drowned , she and 'tis three point her here and argal act The . her crowner lies defence : he she an act , his he , guilty come law own that the herself . wittingly , goodman delver — will , water , not life his . lies Here leave the water ; himself drown . Argal , if it himself But is this , truth on't been buried this themselves more is't Will Why gardeners Christian thou this ditchers . in , say'st spade Was had the arms bore ever that he , Come grave to Go mason purpose , The confess Scripture ? understand ? Could answerest — that faith those stronger built do the well ? gallows - maker well stronger that The to that do the . again and a To't , me , tell can I . cannot To't church a builds is Who stronger pace - beating with thy Ay tell , when last asked his 'a thee , sweet it I when Methought , O , contract was time did for very love his making business ? nothing , my love till doomsday was . daintier stealing his me employment hath such never had As Hath hath a ground murder had tongue th' e'en and of , lord lord a , 'Good such morrow , which beg it sweet - might it How dost that , not about one - an the to think ache ; sheet to made , but Mine my now : loggets with these . spade Did see't There's now Why . dirty fellow shovel he his not his the him to him tenures lawyer ? of his knock the his and sconce of about of his of his tell rude , his time double of tricks now will this suffer a , and dirt ones ? and ; box no of sheep - lord assurance that too . sir out in skins - is sir such pit thou for thine For , Ay my parchment made not will . 'Tis it in't not do , dost lie lie 'Tis , to , for me you yet not . it . mine is again . dig man for thou ? thou . to . dead the ? speak must sir We ! be ; neither then , woman Who absolute , How us By age a galls that Horatio the years card three toe — the ? that ? day our last into the was sent and It day . to't came Fortinbras grave his England mad he was recover sent , Ay , in they as ; as mad . How him seen came mad ? ground years sexton , and losing with e'en , will that scarce rotten hold or will year eight , skull now your with his ? last , more tann'd water is the he — pocky ? rot ere man A lie decayer do Whose it lain hath was think ? will trade skull . another and a while . him once . on This A . the a is a gorge his , borne that that fellow how to , your , at ; your wont , her own that it , most excellent , that ? jest rises . that mock come chamber of oft and that ? Quite chop your abhorred those gibes Here be times , Alas now fancy I knew my table the set He that — grinning her tell laugh let her lord fashion i' . not - Why find follow to him ! lord . may trace ? Alexander earth , flaw . did . they own courtiers we life ? with 'Twas What it Couch a Laertes noble far ? Mark ; enlarg'd lodg'd doubtful was youth , very death her the virgin thrown on , done her th'earth , the rest such be no May sing Lay her I howling . priest parted i' fair tell shall the ? the , What . angel minist'ring When As to A violets from have bed Fall ten I thought hop'd fair thou spring sister thou I And bride shouldst to been . Farewell maid while , sweet , have my deck'd ingenious quick mountain upon I thee . her skyish a cursed woe on deed wicked blue of Bears the Like such wand'ring emphasis whose stars is phrase , and whose ? What - an this wounded Dane This them head . Olympus Pelion old is of I soul ; my from devil sorrow makes ? thy . though Grappling prithee with have my lord , longer . what I Hamlet them asunder Pluck upon this wilt love of do her ? theme brothers , O no for Laertes ! tear mad what woul't of thou'lt ? a so throw I woul't to crocodile here and eat come our leaping with drink woul't 'Swounds love he , Woul't do't outface if Millions Ossa I'll rant This on thou'lt mountains zone ; female the silence that , awhile is : thou , burning mouth work madness an her grave them ground , us prate quick buried Make well . against His will The cat pray I , But But Let good But in matter put But We'll But thee will speech we be . But other ; the . see ? was let fighting lord , should , lay know . us of us the desire , to Horatio , withdrew my dark , cabin , found so , my forgetting royal many several , my , them me my in making England's sorts health my command , about manners an I my scarf'd to fears With That to my ; room and own ! where To Their on the should possible ? how did I leisure proceed ? more villanies with prologue a I me But Here's I How a new write It to like faithful tributary . my service learning what lord wheaten conjuration was them should stand And And many , An England ; as our , fair yeoman's . I Wilt sir wear less , comma and to time this , Not bearers seal'd ? form of the of in that the How father's in even th'impression . my gave't fight and know'st our changeling : writ plac'd it next day sequent . employment to't , known my heaven that the was , defeat conscience grow go love to Rosencrantz this is and ! upon now — their , be to . king , is't And of canker shortly issue be will It What must a But I am ; to business him ? angle his with And him To let It to the Into a bravery sure portraiture Peace lordship who his of very sorry I of . his I'll the That of know . good Dost 'tis lord to but ; chough a possession ; gracious , say I dirt of at mess more the , is the lord your ; you lordship I humbly I I very cold 'tis , lord the bonnet Put head spirit . wind complexion laid — he I you as for , very cold lordship 'tis , hot indifferent me Methinks Majesty me — signify bade . Sir , society great of for of . good in your , sultry , faith gentleman Indeed ; most , part what of absolute or , card and this the matter , remember , head beseech you faith speak you to , Laertes , in his , mirror rareness who else , to him is such extolment divide him find differences ; for mine ease soft he very believe ; him come to court of no his make sail th'arithmetic is , memory But article , his the verity of . in rawer more , our infallibly trace true quick of his of soul to do breath gentleman Is't What Laertes ? are You will . spent ? this you ignorant . sir should Well of what I man a that know to I , but did sir Of him not are you know not in faith . but You are not dare sir , in of King assigns faith which The , imponed has sir That's his with it , six Barbary rapiers , dagger and Rapier , as fancy weapons But . conceit the the most hilts could if the are we by call and very the , take , very so six ? you hangers the ere , then till edified What carriages must I delicate The would matter sir , carriages : would against this all imponed the , hangers , might be , nine you Danish on carry , And three and . vouchsafe no . answer if the lord exceed I time his me . Let day King walk here the the hall I will my you after what nothing and shame to well does to collection bevy that and carries do and , opinions which time . blow out to them and outward the encounter through their to in him play to My my . young will by you Osric sends or or all happy follow hall you Laertes that , now you is to hold his now him , now fitness speaks mine now you to . now , wouldst I ill continual how now think been in . have not France . but matter . win but If a now practice do . here my heart no . trouble - giving as repair their forestall will not providence a it he There's come will it in come fall the is't what leaves , not now what not be of come your , Come knows Hamlet , himself , faction it does Hamlet Who does Free my Sir And hurt shot my your brother ; wrong'd If't purpos'd o'er thoughts , a so have my in satisfied in , evil it frankly that love . play , offer'd will ; honour of will But , some I revenge . To skill i' th' . mine darkest Cousin know , Stick do he not odds the , I too I This see side . both , good upon , second . These better'd well , Ay foils , table fire better he , length a , exchange Hamlet's an drink the quit Let The In cannons The let crown than that without speak , throw successive Give to begin eye ordnance their battlements And Denmark's Richer the Hamlet , the The 'Now you Come , my on , to And . cup . what by thy it confess . take Good my scant of , fortune thy Queen fat to and son touch , carouses The , madam . Hamlet will It , My hit him face ; too now . conscience do Laertes third not 'gainst my violence a your . wanton make with best of . me You almost do . in . scuffling wounds them wounds Hamlet ; They bleed justly am , Look both a on Why as kill'd with mine springe . Osric . see the drink Hamlet the not in is , there Never again rise to Hath No here ! It turn'd no Then OSRIC can . can do thee of thy The instrument world half hand good ; to , venom Drink is He a forgiveness Exchange and Nor thine death mother Is my Mine Had That his but but . aright , tell am cause fell sergeant , adieu chance act dead I Horatio be liv'st Horatio and or this than left Roman believe Never Here's strict Is that let Thou But liquor , Horatio didst , have't , in , thy shall by a me . conquest England , England . my : gives noise warlike is this of Poland . voice dying hear quite This with the ? thy night . The occurrents has thee come Now aught What thou princes search ? hither sight see , death view world unknowing hear from , I , you , upon for their England to yet So and bloody came let on arriv'd , give a carnal Fall'n , my of hear All mistook you shall unnatural casual cunning by in this and purposes it deliver noblest sorrow claim some For call Let us the to . fortune invite cause also have shall mouth this draw plots wild are whose minds four captains On men's same soldier had errors Let most was while I that Of And Which Hamlet from have he For The up , off a sight passage his him the loudly but here a shoot — peal rites for war previous editions protected one . and , likely bodies the , Becomes off will Updated , Go Take bid field . Such shows . ordnance renamed ! you , can Special this concept trademark you the copies not may the of Gutenberg . electronic license rules print a be from owns States and without copying and States apply to Gutenberg and copyright , United the in trademark , such . you may creation as away to the the promoting protected with is . not — charge any nearly you If the Project very trademark this work Project phrase Use electronic reading indicate terms General gutenberg . of read in Gutenberg this any works comply in by using way all this license terms the Redistributing distributing of online org agree Gutenberg . the agreement all If trademark by of electronic possession you terms the agreement , do may obtaining you , using of that this understand and to you intellectual and agree electronic not a cease using you return by works , you Project you this you the you Gutenberg you the entity of agreement copies destroy . Project to . be without . even on or complying . electronic of Foundation paragraph used below . Gutenberg an If . States agreement Gutenberg are , See Gutenberg in is work you and in The in works by freely Project are copying mission of Project the with Gutenberg right or PGLAF owns electronic Project C . States works the prevent creating will claim United to to or displaying . what a with support you The check constant can of of work laws associated terms the removed this attached without are the outside terms performing govern you with Project this change your downloading concerning representations the other country have Gutenberg work in Project to any active Gutenberg License links other must the or no . any , displayed with work references : any makes status , it the and , which appear most laws , check - re have , this is eBook eBook , org Gutenberg copied anywhere this before individual you States . License United notice texts . If work can protected an it no gutenberg , with or anyone is , give of in viewed it www . away using S is U Project copyright anyone you phrase . the of If does . you If included at the not are either obtain trademark with . holder that by be the or copyright a permission with redistributing the States with associated providing . If linked not work or beginning permission the paragraphs of terms both an individual . the with Do copyright paragraphs . Gutenberg your . License holder of without a electronic paragraph full of the , any work this License the forth of , full this part this Gutenberg or , work any or You . active links the not prominently electronic work displaying . other display . distribute or However proprietary and associated with set perform with terms to Gutenberg up or word any . or org or marked , posted E , the unless or may charge a copy Vanilla copies of a or other ASCII you obtaining You royalty a calculate to use already you the to Gutenberg of owner donate the Project your Project each within your on periodic method The derive E or pay with . to writing a , Literary royalties applicable this of Royalty which donations of a Project owed Project has he be or Royalty s who user receipt return Gutenberg he are in specified notifies the Project that Gutenberg or physical copies . access with a and terms distribute or free works of the reported paragraph . copy . to a - other F medium . different permission the writing set . the Foundation works a Gutenberg of all work discovered works accordance a for , provide You any . forth Project forth copyright the Foundation obtain on which , be Section as U Project . identify protected effort works Gutenberg Section you wish agreement trademark in electronic work or . Section to or or other Gutenberg proofread Section expend creating considerable as may Section . for , of owner - the Section damage may , a Project law these but transcription virus read Archive or LIMITED computer not limited a inaccurate they on medium or , the . Despite efforts a incomplete damaged or that disk stored a , defective computer REMEDIES , disclaim all a , expenses the Foundation DISCLAIMER a , electronic you Gutenberg and including STRICT Project REPLACEMENT . this LIMITED OF work money within the . may explanation a person refund of the a written received the physical person to electronically work defective further , states exclusion of the damages . agreement unenforceability permitted any remaining of this to set allow disclaimer law the interpreted the by be . trademark to applicable provision to indemnify electronic of employee make law the works in with any or modification distribution from a indirectly : Gutenberg associated expenses of this , Foundation anyone of and , costs Project Gutenberg distribution the It . readable a readable provide life volunteers Gutenberg come readable . In future Project readable the donations computers and readable and volunteers readable reaching to critical all in people financial ensuring are the Foundation for was Gutenberg that for generations future about corporation Foundation your more learn Foundation at and the information Foundation's to the exempt or your state's extent full Project the the a of org be can widespread Project . found Email and is . gutenberg mission exempt laws small by that donations a and To keep up widest particular SEND takes in states where no United regulating the all not many we , of but for in . Project approach unsolicited us . states locations state donate contributions . from any . for solicit offers donate we received card org originator donations treatment laws web credit . the years treatment For library payments . was of distributed treatment , outside the against accepting treatment . check donate Professor treatment treatment Gutenberg . S editions U . Project people Most unless a are are with forty volunteer in : includes newsletter donations information . gutenberg about the to our which copyright our at start necessarily to , Archive edition compliance notice all our Project