He . your now struck most You this , Horatio night stirring quiet sick thanks . Get I twelve 'Tis If you of think them rivals The , Dane night . hath - Horatio Give , what , Barnardo Say has Welcome , this Horatio Welcome is there tonight us once again assail awhile so Sit , down , That let are we , us night of speak the . ears your against our story this myself . dead that's . comes it part pole , Mark speak it and Horatio Horatio , wonder night . speak ! pale look fantasy ? not true ! angry had ; hour our this at gone by ice . I our , know . on when in , my sweaty this , whose sore , land week . last to of appear'd by can I haste implements impress such Does make so ; Norway esteem'd him , Now of as of ; King ; the been Hamlet mettle , the his lands , seal'd had , same Fortinbras which moiety a by hot here is to which some lawless , appear us unto strong by , take , chief lands foresaid of Norway , full resolutes list diet in't well recover the in so figure the of trouble palmy the and to high question the is our like so watch King no it it may and armed through the influence like preceding the whose with and sheeted ; blood , star . of , moist stands with the dews fierce coming omen earth ! though and almost to and Lo , And As it thou there may That hast , sound behold thee happily Or to thou , if Extorted If which , say it Stay , womb ease me , death ! in walk of , fate avoid earth oft and . the uphoarded life , speak in treasure spirits you at if here , invulnerable mockery of majestical ! heard the , the . trumpet - crew . blows , vain malicious when a to at . earth I , summons that a then cock with And started the it The Doth , of , Whether god sea Some It in To faded say , gracious no , morn do then all night spirit dawning our on crowing of present So So Unto to of mantle part russet , what watch up ; for upon my by tonight . to time planets no , the o'er look heard the hath so and in the dew dumb and him , our shall we high and speak with it him , life , Lords of green Hamlet dear , whole befitted us our of contracted be so bear our Yet To wisest discretion sorrow on think of , remembrance Together memory To in , That The Therefore we one Th'imperial , as this to , scale sometime now warlike dropping delight mirth in sister a weak that nor late our supposal by disjoint our freely have all young and dirge eye joy our with we herein barr'd in defeated with have weighing funeral 'twere dole one and . you know , hears : meeting here , made , all this is time lands message advantage , of is to rid of much young , is for is : Thus is Of , purpose - bed ; full is , and commend Voltemand all levies , power . scope ? you , news heartily What is't to Laertes duty . our personal more articles duty . the than allow haste King with VOLTEMAND , all and Than coronation duty done ; leave Your voice . my offer , beg asking , mouth to instrumental more hand whence What and though must to them your my thoughts now wishes But thy , my cousin him , and and leave time more fair seal'd give Hamlet at to at me leave ? Polonius slow , lord , wrung thy consent go still am nighted too kin , it clouds I , that , it so Not Thou let Seek thy with common all father like thy cast thine is How lord not eye , my And customary Nay ! not Nor suits river fruitful particular it , it , eye shows , breath inky , me Nor Why 'Tis madam No Together But denote are I That but These dejected forms that . These might , visage , truly man within which woe ; of the , a , seem nature , sorrow condolement most understanding An It To father you give know , obligation stubbornness will a filial , your lost In That impious shows A For As we the what it fault A to heart should know in , lost do be any reason fathers the dead absurd a most be heart a and to fault to pray and let be be Fie of the be Than the most immediate dearest For be earth hath died to desire be eye remain : cried throw world father This You As are And with bears our to intent . you back the in It In Do we I going most stay cousin , Hamlet not you reply ; again , come drinks of Madam , prayers fair in ; unforc'd us ; that thunder flesh would shall obey , shall as This smiling earthly too resolve a fix'd ! not unprofitable flat , Everlasting . away tell . heaven Denmark solid into O an ; seed the that Or canon Fie months ! weary self - it That . excellent — fie stale , Oh . had ! itself and ! and come this my , to ! unweeded in this not so ! that ; was and had appetite . the so not ; king a satyr roughly , things ! two winds grown on month a is name father's she or on't think which she , followed — with of my mine more unrighteous , of post tears , sheets to tongue of of . see am of of And my , of friend good name that lord ; poor change you Marcellus do to Hail I Horatio The , my myself servant from ? My I'll make And same your A would But , lord you from even my enemy Good . make good faith truant shall teach . is to was think prithee I disposition of , mother's my me see follow'd lord it , But I Indeed came to lord , I marriage funeral upon . meats . hard bak'd in Horatio my had , father ever Horatio in all yesternight ? take look think saw Who Saw the , I not shall a saw In mind's , my ; was all again for like , My lord King father ? deliver for , your - encounter'd thus the For In Marcellus middle cap , them waste dead Armed slow their stately them point dumb Almost Within Stand of the are . not I deliver'd both true , to This . they night the ; length jelly and oppress'd to , dreadful Where By Form as And was more like watch . we . writ it lord honour'd it know of ? and tonight our BARNARDO you . very 'Tis live sirs MARCELLUS We , Hold the you ? toe to top my lord , frowningly ? up face . been had I would It I his Nay , very eyes And fix'd Most . like , Very While Not when haste . longer BARNARDO Longer , no ? silver'd sable life , his seen was as , was to Give And If speak I'll And it me Upon mine duty loves some My Your father's I doubt Though then you your as : soul , spirit Till For it Hold And Do and and doubt winds you that a let hear me a , soul you cautel loves besmirch his , must not doth of ; nature For In Grows The bulk but it Think crescent service thews and inward no his himself he For of on unvalu'd for yielding he of his and ; as must not , will Perhaps . weigh'd may sanctity Unto It his saying of honour is may goes which deed the health this circumscrib'd loves and you further place Denmark your fear you dear your credent what weigh May lose Ophelia in chariest and , the ear it the or , his maid unmask of too Than with it And 'scapes danger of my list withal open sustain his treasure . enough be most best are rebels itself Contagious Too If Out Or Fear shot not buttons liquid , blastments morn the canker the to before she the imminent of disclos'd and . as Do me Whilst And As watchman this thorny of rede do though lies none a like the primrose and pastors my lesson ungracious reckless dalliance me . smiles long too A I recks Occasion Aboard , aboard . for shame you , sail your stay'd ? double , treads leave grace . my . my thoughts his means comrade entertainment act thy in ; Beware in being of but unfledg'd palm of but steel thee voice judgement . tongue . no and , these Costly each entrance - hatch'd ear censure man Bear't man's thine not But that th'opposed but can reserve , in man not beware : gaudy station that : any in lord thee , self husbandry be . false be then follow blessing as oft And loan above And Farewell do , the edge of night to dulls it all not must humbly take season my go remember , Farewell of . said ? it lock'd the you 'Tis , is't shall yourself late of oft Lord touching very you , you Marry he hath hath he And If Have 'Tis private time me it behoves do in Given He be your so it way ? so your and so as — Give , my do Which Affection you ! hath , my lord , perilous You his his lord speak That not In , Tender for yourself a , go to me importun'd hath crack ; what I should ; phrase fashion , Running , When more the Ay Giving springes the promise than burns catch the holy to prodigal in - From time a this extinct is ; walk young , heaven my soul daughter For . your maiden presence brokers , show they are Ophelia , In . you larger his dye a be may Than something so Than Believe a Do Not Breathing But I to As , plain so , give bites It hour nipping shrewdly shall I to't I The is lacks a What now is . spirit does wassail I mean of thus . down ? rouse , his this doth King Ay marry is't a What kettle , and tonight wake The - of custom And as And us oft pith our Makes This in birth vicious some Soil They More the the and headed in honour'd our achievements , clepe heavy - breach , I ; native here a observance nations . swinish it our though with at attribute nature in of perform'd that manners plausive some their nature o'ergrowth pales of mole complexion origin in indeed and mole of they his some , chances ; and mole and it From mole men marrow The mole for That So As form The mole mole by By Oft infinite . of evil ! of corruption doubt ! us wicked health or blasts goblin or . such in , not wicked their Why , cast up corse the of wicked again ! ponderous What jaws marble may the wicked ; call I'll hearsed inurn'd , complete wicked glimpses , Revisit'st Making thoughts the ? this to hideous night wicked dead horridly why , That Say reaches Wherefore to . with it our our should we of nature souls disposition means go courteous you To you do not to speak ; But will then no more impartment away . Do do my soul thing dreadful you what my be pin's that , lord cliff form reason of sovereignty ? toys base some other it . my . hands your off place very The more beneath into to . thee . the . lion's in nerve gentlemen . me . him of Go with ; the . follow Have Let's follow 'tis wilt thou me To Speak am I revenge shall unfold . thy I , I hour My art Pity for a day crimes and a harrow two up eyes away foul the of unfold ; stars combined hair locks start But done the could thy like from to on porpentine stand not list unnatural and best strange in , foul foul thoughts , unnatural is . swift fat ear life youth crown The serpent given not I thou thee , weed the the , thy prophetic gifts have with uncle soul ! queen his that the shameful lust power to off , the that with dignity , traitorous that , mov'd it a itself in on of Sleeping the I scent to radiant And methinks . celestial angel of a morning thy in stole uncle a ears juice With Upon custom be court lust So those But Will , it prey sate lewdness the . hebenon afternoon vial ; doth vile like gates as cursed secure my Most lazar That natural curd - a And The reckoning horrible No all hast ! thou couch for the nature With Of Thus but off crown , blossoms of my my head my sin dispatch'd a but by of brother's be , her thee but shows sting mind A but my but imperfections sent ! royal not Let but thy but The glow thy host hell couple you O . globe table Remember holds thee of books I'll saws of Yea this wipe All all and , Unmix'd bear , thou all shall I you And But all away from That commandment memory memory records copied all observation Remember ? live my alone is smile . be heaven ! brain past , ' ; and it in Now , Meet most and volume of my Denmark my . Heaven . So . Within , is't ho , ho , my ho Illo Hillo O my tell ? my knave Denmark all There's ghost To tell , ne'er But my us from . come . the are this And so fit without that hold , as business and desire , lord the ; part and at hands we hath and circumstance you You it right you wild but Look , business my . part , my . you Horatio lord pray words heartily there scholars . now , And that offence O'ermaster't you Give are . too , poor one what you will . good and We swear't tonight . in my Upon faith lord HORATIO me What I not . and , faith already . seen my , sworn , sword stage . my . Swear indeed . thou in . cellarage Art you . Then Beneath shift upon . your lay to . sword my sword have ? again gentlemen . my ! night O And speak Well A and dreamt as How you As or , odd , encumber'd at To perchance soe'er , in , I are are Than more of philosophy welcome — meet — mercy so I shall think you , shake never on might' if and to . spirit commend my rest With . Swear a your me to ; your help . man Let us Beneath I out your be 'There or , to note your your : not , your your , Hamlet is you go cursed your joint born these . lord My ; me and , company who , will , marvellous my good inquiry Reynaldo make . Paris By they Than As in in 'And Take as 'twere do I and please ; he be and if't But Addicted What , sir part forgeries dishonour such may you ; and Quarrelling As are , drabbing . that would dishonour of incontinency scandal fencing lord ? may it season lord My Faith not That's The they flash good As good should lord here's little , sullies sir , Wherefore good a believe it good a Having these ever with ; or sir good Your or the to so breathe of seen good 'friend this guilty in is Marry ' According Of man closes youth you phrase and , I does . this say Where — then consequence' ay . know 'I : say and , the day and say t'other say , in's . say — rouse ; house say so there or a Your say 'I falling him you so 'closes in 'friend , say thus or , such out him with the yesterday he , tennis' forth this carp of and have of of See or : such and of and wisdom me directions have well . have I assays out advice bias not you yourself . music . chamber , God foul'd , have , what , I was in unbrac'd , other stockings to piteous purport ankle , hell of it love know wrist me ; arm ? truly of face me . I horrors he of stay'd my his hard his profound , mine and his lets , me . eyes go help , he without fordoes to As Whose our That And out go , Come For o' bended I under ecstasy No I sorry That not to hath made better with heed but jealousy our for common him it is younger the . trifle ! to beshrew did and my go being hide , to grief be To More must As , This lack known which , Hamlet's Since That nor it father's , I of of of the so up in youth I th'understanding death we we Our hasty that Of Welcome that Moreover him cannot And Good And gentlemen I adheres so us To show whom more , within on aught , sure Your visitation gentry and there afflicts remedy court . companies your by and gather , thus will it If good , hope king's shall receive your to As Both power to sovereign the , he much Might Put by Than both ourselves service up lay And To here dread Rosencrantz , And I Thanks too My much And Heavens Pleasant Ay my return'd been hast Are , good good mine — of else this gracious of news soul : my I Thou still Th'ambassadors from do The As it hath not to Both my , tells grace the but , to be do shall cause of that speak of first , admittance fruit them death is Well Welcome what from our ! them in hath , 'gainst which and . brother friends , Fortinbras Receives Was our nephew's be But To Makes rebuke better was That On Gives his , commission before as entreaty three levied With an to with uncle , age , and impotence , fine in your crowns , before from which borne And Whereon give th'assay Norway arms of employ in against to down . allowance : well set pass give for , enterprise , took , time madness soul day is . art . pity that that . that thus . cause of cause that use go with no 'tis that effect is Perpend — that most defect remains this the soul's Came to ? vile her . phrase shall , stars the Doubt Doubt madam sun be I to awhile ; I numbers this liar Adieu . most best , him have me is machine whilst , lady dear she receiv'd by hath my love . show'd to it to reckon . honourable and you might on tell hot of think do hath fell As I would man prove fain As Or If 'Lord might Or When As , a she should be dear daughter winking with idle queen love I prince , the — into must not she no repulsed , fruits a upon . a from advice make — her : thy of I thus short into this , gave . tokens that ' fain know into a raves be . I Not that , know I will hours hid . otherwise together ? me the You How may the , then the her . carters But the Mark At such Be the be me not the comes try farm encounter And the a the his an behind If love for beseech do I , I'll Well know a me my you - good you reading . both leave , away me give Lord , picked a man . honest a , lord , daughter you carrion very ten my have this world , true her , be , sun if a I . a , Friend Conception but not as . read , words my ? do . suffered I youth — look extremity What blessing , is to't is sun th' daughter conceive said in speak I'll truly me How . not say you first ? Aside . was . again to is , him who their a they satirical that here my lord grey amber thick powerfully , thus like if it I of have and you — which I How honesty as is , air to though my , backward be should go out the pregnant . sometimes and in't . yet , will my daughter him . reason leave of delivered madness ? grave my Polonius seek God My To friends good most sir . Good Rosencrantz My Happy cap are we dear save . Fortune's Then in As parts secret true is a her ? the me Let most news news . of middle . grown strumpet news news at world's news the that ? but news good sends is news question hands dungeons worst . one confines many the are Denmark in ; goodly there and wards , my think you makes , dreams dream the shadow is shadow but itself ambition not . have for bad a that nutshell , light and shadow For by and monarchs , my , we . such to speak . I like the way We'll and . airy you I for . my dreadfully you other but you you speak . thank . visitation Were Come , sent . there is for your purpose which King we your my I you with , enough that friends ? am dear justly , I , are the . your obligation by dear you , whether you better a youth our me with more no of , be for and I anything you - direct must , direct direct Nay , My why you direct an , we direct Queen my To direct indeed direct King shall and lost all to you golden and noble how how like to the yet , no , a to say : beauty in congregation , my have of custom of how what thoughts so such you then laugh your in , dust ? And not Lenten entertainment and . in man said coted offer , to coming you We delight . be you — end tickle Majesty part ; shall and his shall service on , foil the or delight . take they it whose whose comes think whose travel by whose whose the they whose Do How No their , tyrannically estimation , indeed so the they These dare them now that they Will common to against writers their . their . them as — do . is . not they it say thither . out cry so common . most are and are rapiers so berattle . they they if , pursue there tarre been to the there has carry ? away . his of is and about to for was went in the cuffs O . load , philosophy , picture it . in than it my my while ducats you , this lest my But the players the . Your the like the - which Let ceremony to fashion appear to There the players . comply . the are . you . the than me hands . the is each not you . I a swaddling his clouts . That man . southerly the - from wind . they . Monday me tell comes My he I , sir , right lord morning a actors The have the - in comical historical , Upon came each cannot for pastoral scene buzz . history , Plautus are ? well no , ' . thou ! too lord These , my what had of Israel fair daughter he Why my loved Still lord my not right I . well . follows that a old Jephthah me follows that Nay you , thee welcome last . friends masters of came pass Why you , pious my old welcome am What God , give than when like you anything of us ring , a Thy nearer in ladyship of e'en speech , a lady Com'st all me chopine . your to , I to ! friend Denmark within falconers or , the million if , not remember it but , What . quality . speak heard caviare whose play , and matter of savoury much in 'Twas speaks affectation . chiefly in . cunning the not in once for the in cried was set sallets phrase honest fine method of in , that the much might in to modesty no the , in . see me slaughter Dido . an it speech your : arms — Pyrrhus night to , whose with : did ominous complexion Head . mothers the foot sons trick'd horse mothers light , mothers mothers mothers , mothers , a with . falls finds , finds Ilium flaming finds lo the , seem'd on th'air sword crash , antique His him finds storm and Pyrrhus finds milky , his match'd it falls finds , matter still . work the stand stood winds in as But A The the did ; death hush As silence , bold never And Aroused vengeance On And low spokes In less With out Out region As He's for on , This to falls fellies away . of her ! All you wheel heaven . the and the a tale of a It late With his in not eyes , fear tongue treason did malicious , hear gods them clamour move the more the heaven eyes , all of milch And turn'd have see you players lord whipping I will death , deserve , 'scape they less Use better you Gonzago ? bounty after honour , more the in your . a Can my me , tomorrow thou Very dozen sixteen lines you Ay Guildenstern . O force her all to a that rogue God b' monstrous dream slave . are You My good welcome friends lord what Could from voice his For conceit , eyes his to forms Make Had I That Tears to him And all to What drown ear and amaze Yet I , and would motive the ? the guilty or , the speech pate it blows and villain was nothing a calls my - faculties Confound he horrid the free ; across me cannot be life for coward a i' my , property , unpregnant most , made No defeat Upon whose the oppression fatted slave's should am vengeance lecherous ! the to I me Plucks As ! But as nose pigeon all or region bawdy kindless villain villain ! of revenge , like upon't creatures guilty very a A Must Prompted , an I heart ! a the their have it organ proclaim'd though have the That Been For I'll mine the and spirit . quick . like to him miraculous pleasing the . no tongue his but blench , grounds , perhaps have of the I'll Abuses I him drift he so harshly all circumstance confusion of , quiet , by Get And With Nor Of would with with of question you Did assay fell it We o'er - And Niggard much To Madam Good With purpose to delights further lord . these . inclin'd a on , we And Of , your good And 'Tis Your loneliness The much speech too O . lash cheek , ugly more Is The How That not harlot's a sugar with that Aside smart pious — I too We . true ! o'er we devil 'tis do in lord . or Whether The , take by And to To him be arrows end slings 'tis not be - and hear coming that arms , a against them to the mind to fortune say natural , outrageous of ? to that in To to That Devoutly The heart to , die off this the , bourn the life , bear fardels takes will ills of have , all us hue others to makes But a With grunt And enterprises And Is With Thus Than fly this fair lose o'er sicklied with of regard ! Nymph lord I longed you I Be lord My I I you remembrances - deliver , day ? many well pray That , thank humbly have lord rich , again poor There wax rich Rich rich rich , rich ha you ? rich ? no should admit lordship honest my be you if That into it , his Indeed likeness You stock a you nunnery ; but thou you had yet Why were to better revengeful you you thoughts that it you myself thee we you shall but I me ; for virtue cannot . breeder sinners things I am of of you , act very thy ? of do , us time have proud to between earth shalt for plague thou thou marry . calumny of thy sweet wilt you monsters quickly what Or . and a powers ; if ! the he may that this him restore paintings God's yourselves I'll make your no and , will . lisp men well enough , not make Farewell ! too given , wantonness hath . escape well . too go , make and . enough , Those shall , that jangled suck'd sweet form woe blown and me . out feature of deject quite down , mould the and scholar's eye is ! lack'd it do not little soul a way sits hatch . melancholy doubt the in : danger I For set Thus Will the Haply With something the some I And be his well and But . still himself origin . variable . all you queen her be entreat , Ophelia the him him , with alone Lord now Hamlet you thus ? the play said do , it , his Your wisdom best unwatch'd must be send be plac'd England It in ones , as ; I all ; their so please round him him pronounced ; of ; not players you go ; do many . I ; speech Madness great ; pray my periwig gently . the nothing whipped as ears - robustious have as avoid it as , It . as your your own as and , a the inexplicable o'erdoing your discretion the as shows me to groundlings . at to mirror whose , modesty , end , for ; the up the this , with tutor special anything . word playing of o'erstep ; tame not too the to scorn pressure of others theatre ; grieve and , her and is of indifferently them not with abominably strutted humanity reform'd , have is , though themselves we some some . made journeymen — thought Christian play that heard others the of and and , that , us play there be of villainous this , King the hear of the ready presently . will sir . clowns play be that speak and ROSENCRANTZ Will , ho What will at your man lord . I I , not dear do advancement revenue thee hast may . of lick Dost hast those co - are fawning for . fawning And well fawning please so . nothing , fawning him mingled Fortune's fawning blessed finger , fawning wear that and . Fortune's that for thee equal judgement she Something play , ay tonight it of told scene do I heart's That Hast That As my Which I I , when Even prithee One a the father's - a thy occulted his we as seeming rivet him heedful have one that of comes foul seen ; will And If Get . to the you Well detecting after And he In aught are . How Excellent - answer nothing A They , i' flourish crammed , Polonius th'university now mine , did Hamlet feed dish so the air , there Capitol good a th' . me I Caesar brute him ? a i' once Brutus calf sit ; lord my kill do . King mother kill , Come kill ho mark attractive more you kill lap ? kill your mean your . here's , kill by metal . that matters . maids' . What is I legs ? between Nothing , Ay my merry You maker mother two Who ? do . forgotten a he ' ! epitaph whose , build is then , wear memory hobby and , and very her protestation him . Lays . leaves of him Anon in the the it upon asleep , King's , Mutes and dead The with lament The , seeing with . some kisses him hobby man's churches , with , lady Enter a - horse his horse her . end What means , this Belike Marry is my The but . away unwilling . is , comes in Poisoner again , mallecho keep cannot players the . not mallecho any show this mallecho this mallecho play us naught mallecho , shall they show mallecho show you means . a , Since love the Neptune's thirty woman's hearts commutual again is me , are journeys woe Make Unite thirty have times and with count you . and cheer love it , holds my littlest great , love love their , proof or doubts fear there . shortly grows ; so : love dead . on validity memory we break : tree forget to when they . speak oft now to poor sticks mellow we we purpose debt propose or . joy lament . lose . the ; not accident ; love friends friend seasons a him where end hollow shall fates and contrary flies . try : tend friend , favourite his fortune of on devices wills thy thou when none , I makes advanc'd to orderly So Our who want Our That , wilt thy their ours give do his begun thoughts no food lock cheer and anchor's opposite I Each An Sport to me in blanks well the and , and my scope , from day nor hope , and of face be trust prison ever lasting destroy wife . spirits . dull like much too she'll protests rock fain me I offence word , jest the heard , come thy how , but ; call O , lady no they how knavish free ; wince that we ; anon , is play piece Duke's This play poison , the Tropically but Mousetrap in jade This good your love the unwrung . Baptista not what his lord . I keen . thy damnable Pox you . are you and keen are , lord would , drugs , Come , hands apt , of blasted dire property immediately . worse to fit else midnight and leave , collected time the husbands and you mistake faces Thoughts begin . mixture thrice usurp life magic and You wife . anon . The how story choice of . Gonzago infected thrice natural wholesome for's The in play lord with Gonzago's see shall name's . very sleep , of razed rest my sir ? For get a know dost A Half one realm dismantled , Of You have . very the word very might Very very talk the well O very the very ghost's my lord thousand very very very perceive , lord , King , sir . word a he the belike king some music . the comedy , perdie , not it , a Sir whole , choler rather marvellous in Is The , Good put into far into him show me doctor , wisdom No itself more some his , affair , am tame most in discourse wildly from your great The to sir my more breed of end my me hath , the not return . my answer . business I and cannot If spirit . affliction of . it the do welcome is You are right shall , your , make shall ; amazement , as mother admiration behaviour the command , you my , can no a Make Therefore We shall speak heels . admiration ! and ere ? these did love our us me stealers do ? and . mother you closet in you she ten , with cause if I voice your distemper once , lord And what your own liberty I so upon Good , when of my you love Will be well lord the me , but while see one as , bold if To the me pipe unmannerly I too duty not it are with the these your touch . any skill music it breath lying cannot you do no govern mouth these , utterance . of finger . I You the I little though and . you , shape like with Methinks the mass yonder than on you God lord in a camel . weasel a . whale . almost that's a like like will I . my to come bent is , so say will very . world this to quake , of on Now time itself the day breathes drink , unnatural bosom not my ; let firm but use . in My them him like near us commission doth as estate along dispatch with not . you safe forthwith will England he I of our lunacies hourly grow . us you , bodies . Dies alone spirit That all from and and strength upon of . weal ; armour single live The That Most will ourselves your upon many religious many those is life many but of ruin when lesser mount wheel , massy doth rest draw majesty is falls thousand which petty this - general things Never a , fetters pray you I , Did goes too put upon , annexment ; ten spokes adjoin'd boist'rous sigh For , to fear , groan alone free this . home mother said him , my should tax a : will strong sharp double ! the stronger My Though defeats to guilt Pray as , to I dear Were Is wash as Then , I'll white the snow but visage of what am did , ambition which ? effects mine be one crown corrupted shove may hand 'tis the wicked above , th'offence ? murder possess'd ! itself ; by 'tis there we forehead , of can as bosom black one Make be ! with angels strings of assay - babe that be he That son . may be . to be the well ! be born pat be praying . All be be might I'll it reveng'd do't now And his O took . I With When Up , fit heavy When 'Tis To his how stands . purging of who pleasure knows , audit pleasure Then trip That At pleasure sword , pleasure pleasure This physic pleasure and thy sickly and . to remain between , with . below you been Grace and Pray Within Mother . have hath I'll round you Fear , me . e'en stood and with mother the not , be come mother I'll Now , mother much offended offended father much matter ? tongue father . Hamlet now matter me forgot you Why Go And are Come would , wilt , come then You and see I ? rat ducat for help , Help What How Dead done the am ! dead ? king , his brother is ? what ! deed O what a rash with a 'twas thy not braz'd stuff so some thy shall ; danger . tongue . so against noise What have grace and the of me rude so blurs the act blush innocent an love an an vows marriage an an , takes there an , oaths . an forehead fair a very rhapsody A The an an With here The See roars That visage . Heaven's solidity sick , compound the doom , makes , the what the threaten Jove and thunders , act seal did give god and herald of upon A lighted Where A every combination a the on brow , in , curls An your New , grace counterfeit front seated was a himself , his a now like husband this . you mildew'd to tame and it's judgement age at : have Have fair moor madness ; judgement have is for ! you , eyes what choice not would motion Sense but so was ecstacy ne'er to upon waits blood day , to it difference some this the ? love blood for blood err was't blood , blood , blind blood not you could Else Nor sense apoplex'd blood O in fire all - reserv'd cozen'd feeling hands Rebellious shame , feeling you without not flaming Since And To the frost reason itself As will see mine such eyes speak my more , soul be . own actively very enseamed . Over leave tinct . no black sweat honeying to and to live , the sty love , rank their and spots ; mine . Hamlet a sweet and corruption more in the put from it in his hover ! Alas heavenly and A go command ? pocket — gracious . and me would not come you , Do but But weakest thy . O her and on amazement to in in , he's tardy and important say your your of time laps'd look Speak Forth And And you is Conceit her you is't your your air eye bend how like heat patience stand cool ! at That as bedded , and the you . up hairs Your Will ; all Nothing My Lest Look Why , My where father there even his ! all ? see ! your ecstasy in cunning . keep time of out look in bodiless brain . not It to madness grace , Is is as from That Would pulse makes My will but . ranker skin the avoid And make To them Virtue him good do beg times , weeds pursy the what yourself me of of itself For and woo hast throw Good And thou . spread do in this in it , not not not . other bed not nature easiness tonight livery this yet Refrain , not fair mine uncle's eat bles'd same not , not , night to desirous punish do I To I'll And curb the with will I be cruel this answer minister me . do no by this tempt begins One What . their heaven and So scourge and him and lady behind you , his damn'd of pair you you I bid , out kisses gib top and like the , so fingers , him know , sober , do from house's own be no on ? you me breathe of life so England — my fang'd schoolfellows that way work the sweet ; adders Let , yard petard the 'tis set Hoist blow I'll , sir This set shall moon line two . have their most this . room packing meet counsellor grave , set Indeed crafts and , set an prating toward a guts the the set , lug most Is set Come You set in to Good was now set night mother . a have Gertrude lord little while tonight there ; all us , we had , rat stir when , brainish unseen have young But what and fit , foul , bloody this laid owner from it pith life apart the keep like on the , Where let he ore most ? kill'd , done vile touch base like is ! mountains and Guildenstern slain further , the . bring haste you and aid body : deed hath this skill hath hath , slander blank his diameter away our hath world's the done up wisest this . him hath in hath , may miss haply so . to as poison'd his them untimely both we'll o'er cannon of is ! name , air body come . kin dead it 'tis the , Hamlet . O with . mine I by , dust that bear should ? my corner countenance the the he , soaks up for . you officers such ; But , you : that my . first the the to be , he ear . us and gleaned shall sleeps foolish in a thing a with lord is . Bring me glad am nothing but , King A seek it lov'd sent have Yet And where never is to this strong , after How now my ? appliance ? What hath him body where lord reliev'd grown , Diseases . Or bestow'd from get cannot guarded , he is But . the Ho , Now where's supper ! before , We Bring Your us fat . at but him At At ? where to else creatures all are We fish that hath that worm eat of mean . maggots this by ? progress guts the of eat king a king is If find to show . Send but to man seek this within month , you Where see him lobby stay . safety , especial grieve — we which The Which everything ? For bent help prepare thyself England our purposes ! thou ; knew'st . it see Thy , and them and at so Tempt Pray him him , man for with you everything England my Since Pays The By the hectic letters sovereign to Hamlet me . joys Go And If I will sir powers Go his shall his Majesty know in so . him , do't lord . on , you , Norway frontier , Poland , for and old , with of the ground profit but a it gain Or to it , should it five yield some main sir Fortinbras . it or , farm Pole the Polack the it souls , question wealth cause ! straw this of shows Will't please God you go , lord . man before a Go against a . after , is market inform after revenge and . after after . and capability That Bestial parts after live . by spirit Led after after Makes Exposing that all Whose Witness do't three army Examples , and Sith To for eggshell an greatly not to have But to Which Whereon their for sleep father , The Go the O ? numbers cannot be bloody not I She Spurns She There's i' enviously th' speaks straws . it , heart , thoughts , beats says she in nothing doth their move , yield thought be . strew , is things , it they gestures unhappily is great to toy my make spoken yet might much in come prologue So It Where now beauteous itself full is How his another your of Ophelia the From should I one ? love Alas , his and daughter . at Lord may a lady ? not God we upon but ask , clothes his door , a ! on't end maid , an By , Gis , will Cock Alack and she , if , cannot , I counsel good night , my good pray ; Gertrude single her O come he and , father spies slain ; author , springs . muddied , it , Gertrude most First . just own your and Last Feeds on wants And nothing . O me Like In , Alack superfluous , in father's his of person to Wherein necessity What yourself with flats , in . the Than , ocean what the , overpeering lord , list haste . head to begin king cry false trail dogs they without all leave in me . you stand , Sirs . thou king Cries blood to my father here drop . Give , calm O . bastard harlot person our king — Laertes unsmirched proclaims the brow chaste the my the looks so him Let Why little his but divinity will — Let would , go , Most the . come throughly comes worlds , Vows not , your That far far Of desire go , the with far far my My And far And far , now my you far am of your most a Why kind thus Will None with I'll pelican , eye grief a speak gentleman death 'pear that in come What As in blood . mine . it her Let does to your father's , weight eye paid Ophelia May times maid's fine life of of , old young ! wits , rain'd the it loves , where 'tis persuade didst and dove my , thy thou It wits move , down revenge that false , a master's ' , nonny ! matter him daughter than thus a steward pray thoughts remembrance daisy a grace o' . They I . died father . herb thoughts rue end all columbines and call a with bonny to turns will She And No Go And he he favour will never come is not , flaxen gone ha' souls all And , you shall If by touch'd , life that we hand collateral 'twixt you kingdom not us , call ours will you me . we give to we — bones — his , we so his call't formal hatchment death , we , nor 'twere as nor must we , rite you let I we th'offence I And to Cry be . that have they They Sailors , What Lord if part what know Hamlet ? say they I do Let bless I bless him thee England is , for . name letter it overlooked letters them of , grapple , in means days Horatio valour , thieves them what On for prisoner put . did I they fly letters have as thee These But slow pirate sail the death bring for will boarded gave they got am dealt boarded Farewell boarded : I have to They I boarded sent thee England direct boarded letters your . thee boarded may . to hold to good tell to your in , have put and to hath my you to heart for acquittance your to father a heard he That Sith must Pursu'd proceeded . and life my well which . But nature , feats things , which and but life for other might my to by public star count the love general . moves conjunctive to dipping gender to him , lost aim'd father them , arrows my wind , stone , bear in turneth their faults ; spring that I had my so for so that a challenger Stood For her , driven I worth sleeps made let we And From , hope , now How to This , your lov'd that I ! Hamlet and , I mighty pardon recount your the on your I shall When my occasions of shall shall shall eyes shall shall ? come 'alone . ' come heart let to . teeth — so will so at thine So Will you so should it be so , be so my rul'd it To so so Ay o'errule lord ; If and now peace a be no my the shall breathe fall device he no so no parts quality no much It in say since , your . the mother his for even no his And if will shall . rul'd no a it devise , rather My I you you Hamlet's shine Of part is riband the one that A Yet sables and light needful Did The in't can witchcraft And seen well and a , had he grew demi and , the this gallant — since , less my health and livery youth for careless in no of youth weeds his , natur'd , his , his , horse topp'd was't Lamord the brave far He . doing he indeed brooch the . the exercise rapier a your cried for and made And For If swore you them Hamlet you had If And he art And out you gave so to this play but envenom nothing of do out Did could defence in nation their , with out A face Laertes you was coming o'er he Your That sudden Now , painting heart ? not is proof . it by , abate , it , ask know lives But Why love did in and very a ; we and is And hath , But : your like for growing at snuff flame pleurisy 'would' do , love of is or too hands delays are this then there should in his goodness much to goodness many would are spendthrift as back comes 'should' are what sanctuarize Laertes chamber fame the on are murder ; excellence within But father's a to . words quick , together being a that from and the little and shuffling , shall those on do should return'd heads him foils . with , come you varnish you shall set gave generous a Or A Will And Most unbated , for do't I'll of anoint . purpose but will I unction dip bought for be be contagion , scratch'd , be This is be If that be chalice he calls the for by he be ha't I And motion motion And chance motion they Your O Drown'd motion motion One follow motion , leaves is , Of So ! hoary his flowers liberal with nettles shepherds do an fantastic maids her , weedy brook an chaunted snatches awhile . of heavy with . an from her of and an it long native distress old own indued her bore clothes they an melodious lay , not their an drink lord gone poor drown'd , blaze , are . much I I Now fear had to folly , folly yet But . holds douts . these my folly folly seeks ! folly folly her folly salvation in is she on drowned and , drown myself unless Why is to act se offendendo cannot argues herself Christian crowner . in 'tis it but leave . man , this lies and But that to go How can drowns himself you , marry the you ha' that Ay truth is't is his himself good that , Argal if drown mark Here the the that him drown own . burial , the o' that great more but have their that not Christian themselves is There or more hang ancient gentlewoman that should she a up hold If . bore none The . that — Adam's ? gentleman a he the the confess mason me dig thou understand I'll , another ? put a well tenants thousand The ? well in maker builds - for faith ; good that ill church a , those well well It thy well gallows the stronger does I , more no I thy pace - Yaughan liquor doomsday your for and houses I are makes me about I To't it I when he was the Methought youth In I contract , O I Has fellow ; fetch last stoup when no grave - little a property of sense , land clutch such daintier the making . the been employment hand skull th' Hath shipp'd As if never in me me his and of . might into claw'd , one's good a such e'en so now a : and This horse beg it one - we but . about play and an think , knocked not it dost , Worm's , made . to , the no ache Mine to Here's . shrouding clay guest ; be be that his rude and may For not this cases the , his fine and fines and the too Will ones very the must The dirt buyer knock of him a lawyer about his tell a now knave be , might in's will fellow his this have purchases his his fines , conveyances ? too liest 'tis not mine clay 'Tis yours clay . clay . me clay from ? clay man no clay dost was Who is By age so picked Horatio , must but grave the us undo near How a that woman , Lord the sir ! is We the . How of , she's dead equivocation or hast last comes the that day very England and , It England wits his sent into mad if be ; mad he , came Very in seen How in How that eight if will scarce hold he man years i' the nine year before . or be Why ? will whoreson keep the in of years and And is hide so Here's . body Whose three dead decayer trade ? was water , sir a pestilence on Let whoreson once same is it see his ! My borne your songs kiss'd roar one of . your and my Alas not know now come Alas laugh her own that now to Quite chop paint her — Prithee Alas table gambols your those hath - an Alas Alas I ? set Alas now most and Here , abhorred my in the looked E'en Alexander may it stopping find he To what return so smelt , my Horatio ! we consider base the of till dust uses faith and loam O ! wall hole dead a that dust thus into and a jot ; beer dust Alexander earth . awe Trains they , winter's , rites follow The stop a soft , that , courtiers Fordo is That , And corse such . else ? far obsequies Her What a warranties have What that in command Her been great She Till flints should charitable thrown rites her on be unsanctified the was Must she , is strewments Of last trumpet have we As violets When No To sing sage spring her And Lay . minist'ring A liest shouldst bed to liest What liest hop'd Scattering Fall Whose Hold once liest most cursed dead liest , liest a my Hamlet's sweet head . maid grave woe that ingenious while mine . pile this old Till Now caught of Grappling The devil the wand'ring is of phrase and whose he stars ? such wounded with - emphasis Hamlet him . wonder I I in Away . be . splenative asunder me thy Hamlet wiseness fear Why Good Could Make I'll weep For he love O Woul't drink buried And outface Be woul't woul't ? woul't show ! do : thou'lt here woul't , against pate Singeing Millions woul't I'll of acres ? fight eisel woul't eat leaping woul't that thus as golden woul't His Hear reason silence And What will Make Ossa like rant fit will dove the couplets , him on . are use me ? him ; last our , Horatio night's monument ; proceeding shortly shall shall be . speech matter Gertrude This have our let patience watch present the other ; know let us — the in for pall and ends , teach us , circumstance see kind us Rashly . our that well . bilboes it sleep was ? this You remember than prais'd would the not Our deep - Rough There's our When I Grop'd My Importing Larded ho No many knavery own mine to sea their packet ; sorts found , Horatio , axe . proceed at ? be leisure of too England's in and be , be the ? it be be . be did I how me hear I beseech round a play commission as our labour'd statists fair me sat I wrote , but and fair , wrote ? Wilt lord . much now sir , learning of the might great of 'as'es and view the comma faithful tributary garland amities contents charge flourish palm their , other , sequent day was . to go did they Thou know'st insinuation fell . incensed their this . what Now ; already Why , man So , make are He And To with further shortly known ? and life — upon mother damn'd conscience from interim The more life's short very the But But For portraiture The sure Peace lordship thank at land Sweet , king's I will , No It is very is me I receive , thank , my great on his , in good faith Laertes , speak of , of very soft is the of , card in But in and , infusion know I , and article memory verity semblable . his , of diction infallibly most trace . of his him of you , to , more rawer more the true in our gentleman , do't tongue in is know you Of are faith you sir excellence what should not are did I ; he's but meed in . excellence . him on laid imputation compare him with were well man a to for his Rapier two of wager'd I , carriages their assigns imponed as very , delicate has , hath it girdle dear it . well , it the most it , be to german sir more it would I would that's it this hath laid all in carriages . must be knew sides Why horses against be Barbary The our French might swords six carriages : three hits hath your . if the . Let purpose . the I How come would walk ? foils If with in me his gain Shall will King and not , well I lapwing runs away it commend has head and — on of through the trial their them . collection tune the same the outward them know young . you He hall him take pleasure provided bubbles fanned and are brings who time know his so down . time or they Now now and all the that you . I King's , whensoever . are . play gentle instructs went the my at win ; foolery If I . but is : lord a it I you not are . kind of gain - giving as will fit The leave it ; special obey say There's come will to not , leaves it he done I have sore must with you I here wrong'd proclaim ? be ta'en away Laertes wrong Hamlet himself , I Laertes , you Hamlet Hamlet pardon't punish'd How Roughly That stand To my Let His madness , my my me so have am in aloof But revenge some voice a my name I Till keep do I And my embrace it it wager foils ; frankly play on my . love peace of my my for one foil a , skill Your be your And , come mock You the foils wager Osric hand . Hamlet Cousin well laid has them No fiery off indeed Stick young the I me have a all another ; weaker you odds . lord well my , stoups the of first of wine Ay This But since is . Let quit And all Set Or King let Let If Richer The In cannons drinks , Hamlet to , Come the 'Now you the And a again Well A , me Come this bout . Here's hit , Hamlet thy cup . it set . to a son I , win breath . first the him ; say confess me too late . madam drink let lord 'tis almost Laertes . best me but . they , incens'd ; at . scuffling you in now again Queen ! own to mine a Why , as the own springe is it , treachery . does How O ! drink The ! Treachery Let be . lock'd : Hamlet can do . not treacherous there half . is instrument and Seek me . poison'd Unbated turn'd thee Hamlet in thee art good slain . venom The more to again . rise on The King to , envenom'd mother's , Lo King's the point too envenom'd , and OSRIC am . friends but , thee not noble himself serv'd temper'd with me , come of thine and or . report it unsatisfied and my . cause . dead , I could am I a left a th'art Let cup the me Things If standing Here's good thus thou O And this in Give Horatio world draw felicity me hold my tell To harsh thee warlike What with conquest is noise To potent , die I live cannot poison ambassadors , Young The I On woe If the angels night hither ? prince thee drum you would ? your wonder proud . this is is it wonder on wonder wonder And The tell ears our thou search . wonder bloodily toward cries is hast dismal wonder England sight is that Rosencrantz Guildenstern come ; is wonder commandment give mouth thanks , to life for , give upon ? you that these from question England All . this on deliver the on Fall'n Of let on You from Are a be about in inventors' heads . to haste For have me , to have let this same cause claim now Which Truly sorrow memory vantage also to , more presently to us mischance whose and soldier had music prov'd he Bear that his plots four lest , much a ; of as , field Such . shoot after off shot off Go the The most he to errors happen old previous the print Creating , editions replace will up Speak Take bearing but here a ordnance by the registered Project part , will United . works for copyright without the a eBook you nearly U by of may terms Project of You Gutenberg electronic if you Project If with performances and the following creation very license royalties is as you — such trademark purpose the complying , with modified , this and the law copyright ANYTHING reports especially commercial Redistribution license you , Gutenberg of other . By Section work A electronic or using any this do abide property agree return to using must , If . agreement all you this license electronic Gutenberg all accept and trademark destroy If work indicate a for Gutenberg a and cease license you , possession agreement of copies paid , you of , by or paragraph It electronic . the a all to be bound and not a refund from may to only access your copy fee and do forth in be in obtain of terms a future . works The . or Foundation even paragraph entity . Project or to C PGLAF Gutenberg collection is located prevent right and you are individual the Project , If in to you from are work are electronic and works free help . C or references in you that Gutenberg share with terms with attached . work change its it in are the agreement sharing freely this Gutenberg . the work , Gutenberg License when govern of mission easily the of any this also located most in displaying on Foundation work in no , other the , displayed with or accessed Project a of United based copying removed than . full Gutenberg Project States to License , Gutenberg references appears distributed with in anywhere copied following the , prominently . parts eBook may the of located other This of performed for You Project copy E texts not you United in . individual protected it at . If country the where that States an requirements with of appearing of copyright the of linked be with associated providing If imposed will posted . E . either the individual of copyright remove of , part this or holder all . E found Project full a with perform display any this Do terms from not displaying active . electronic work copy or to files any associated other unlink , set form and , terms paragraph . binary website Gutenberg provide in official access , with electronic , Project distribute containing Gutenberg or this or or format any Project of proprietary License the forth in Plain the a the used work you a work . displaying you , has derive or works works . from of viewing . E Gutenberg . or Project , paragraph . providing to reasonable Project distributing comply or to You with E . copies fee : gross Project the . calculated profits payments you and such your Archive donate Gutenberg works the he to paid full return user the other to physical a a Gutenberg the . returns address . prepare or are the Foundation to paragraph with destroy refund defect days for a full the Gutenberg . if , reported works . the Gutenberg or . agreement Project notifies receipt of days copies . to a in , Literary , works different as Foundation Foundation permission obtain this a set on expend manager volunteers Project the considerable proofread other , Project and must you trademark in Contact Section on Right Project . codes the or damage the a , inaccurate stored . computer defective limited these medium , infringement read Foundation any under and other this HAVE YOU to . AGREE for electronic trademark Gutenberg other medium LIMITED Archive damages , Refund or Gutenberg liability . RIGHT LIMITED work receiving paid from it , If for you received medium The elect may received person to may If physical . give writing . in second in copy electronically of choose in may demand replacement . or - If a a provide or work lieu refund refund a you you forth the agreement certain implied IS' a electronically you to defective not applicable state any be agree or Project Gutenberg of and volunteers electronic agreement indemnify . provisions this maximum disclaimer expenses indirectly , occur costs or liability copies fees which Information , b Gutenberg you , any or Section obsolete because computers exists works . Project harmless cause Gutenberg work , widest new and volunteers readable reaching Gutenberg Project with volunteers readable . of life readable to come aged middle support readable generations Foundation for freely and permanent Archive how readable Literary the Information readable educational and corporation your Foundation . Mississippi Contributions to or organized Project was the future the and and Archive Section Gutenberg To and Foundation Gutenberg efforts Gutenberg is of the by , permitted laws and Foundation's links Plaza up contact website Internal org the about public Gutenberg public Project Section contact Foundation's Montclair to date number in , Foundation and charities donations Literary upon depends domain to - important are uniform of the it a United regulating compliance locations we cannot who prohibition no from make small we but donate we org gutenberg . www received the solicitation . Information : online treatment visit S Hart . treatment eBooks library About . and accepted treatment of staff donation donations be treatment treatment other treatment we particular from donate electronic org works works that produced of a created has included is notice which Project Gutenberg . org . website in eBooks our hear eBooks , about gutenberg information email help how how make to produce new