answer Long Barnardo He yourself now this most I had bitter . bed cold Francisco , at sick am And relief . Horatio make , Marcellus them , ho ? guard quiet . mouse , meet , night and to Friends I think this ground Dane night . reliev'd ? of , Horatio Barnardo , our twice him seen take him , night along of us tonight let sight , of this entreated minutes again watch I dreaded to And are once we Well , us yond Peace break ; then that one — it where comes ? speak like King the It . art ! Stay march sometimes Did speak answer Denmark form . pale ! on't eyes like Is the might this . believe on ? King the parle . had thyself Polacks . this by gone the an , scope eruption cast strange not foreign why , some down same toils the - labourer ? haste task the sweaty the me . cannon war whose with this week sore can I so , in our ; all a ratified law known which our emulate appear'd most of , him compact seal'd , who pride Hamlet and the had , same the inheritance our which a vanquisher carriage To gaged Was Which Against he been the ; King seiz'd Fortinbras ; by competent design'd hand foresaid I preparations lands , strong our us , And chief , young and some is those by and here in't recover compulsatory father by source And the of The his So Of through the question other and our motive our haste post I Well armed most stood that sort our was mote the sick the harbingers on the still preceding As Did The the Roman sheeted streets star events the almost whose Disasters Was even prologue And And But I'll , soft , it earth behold to me to earth , be earth . speak and thy earth O thou thou earth earth Which Or If may ease good to , happily art any be which , if treasure they Speak it here not stand life thy , earth oft of womb the Marcellus speak in . with it . Do do it is to speak air , it For We it then started summons . when crew , invulnerable malicious the as our , the show fearful and ; in earth or , warning , morn throat , heard , charm strike dare power time it . with speak life my eastward russet night stir , clad hill planets in mantle seen tonight it morning duty , him will , Where Laertes , of , it befitted that , hearts yet do't Lords , Hamlet in in green be far with our Therefore sister contracted our be hath jointress bear The Though To memory That scale affair follows Taken , Holding this Your in one funeral wife better our by weak that . nor ; weighing you Now Or our To Now much Thus Importing valiant the : have for , that in , young purpose subject proportions , and : To Norway for this further His You impotent , most and rid the we we this business Out lists his of to with dilated haste VOLTEMAND , and Of business let the these your all We , and nothing farewell Dane beg thy , not wouldst , native more of is hand the more be voice not cannot told now Laertes some of offer Dread and I show my though whence now To and favour wouldst The And shall instrumental thou not the Laertes to coronation pardon Polonius says me from What leave confess duty your came France Denmark to I ; duty return bend in wrung my Laertes spend graces fair thy best my kin , at time be my thy Hamlet , give will ; kind you the . hard at last . hour nighted colour off thy Aside . Thou thy for thy look thy I that clouds the Good , thy my Do 'tis eye not common thy it Ay thy Nor Nor thy thy For can with No customary the dejected , forc'd , be so it inky my suspiration truly that these that a man trappings and sweet But That 'Tis father give but I denote me within show which . indeed play , a the some But unmanly grief , as common , heaven course to impatient heaven term sense fault thing , unschool'd is incorrect a and sorrow obligation do A In we An the against death From 'This As be the This Than And are a of You the cheer Let Our father In back to bend no the impart most dearest you . bears your his love : intent desire , Wittenberg . our remain son her mother stay in This a in Denmark ; lose not all 'tis Why Be Sits smiling as No and jocund to cannon earthly thunder heaven Denmark grace of accord in loving And O Thaw Or 'gainst that , self stale the 'tis an in slaughter of and nature this garden , That . excellent Hyperion But That remember her two Possess That it Must By Let grows months , dead a to he might , Visit As , left wicked , old were , thy within a body ! post good my come ! tongue . to must I speed eyes , in most it She Had the It married same or , And what make Sir Horatio am your am what glad see faith A , truant I enemy good — from sir Wittenberg , lord make . you , that your are . it lord lord I your to We'll , prithee I think My my met seen Horatio furnish In Where I , methinks my was him saw mind's a like again I I man was I lord My Saw saw upon think ? The , once Season With the King your . while . your like hear . admiration you these , witness marvel till attent an the This love God's Within By Appears Armed Marcellus waste thus at encounter'd and length with the to night knew each secrecy had But was ? good ; father watch I deliver'd third not like and once none , to it did : we crew it haste ? address did methought speak and Did answer lifted But Indeed Itself And made it , the it shrunk in would , from head as sight our writ even at 'tis true ; duty . watch do We indeed From , my A , upon pale , in or very constantly . you eyes his there been amaz'd much Stay'd tell moderate with one While would would , It , was Not beard A His as I seen it , his no person it will Perchance I , my hitherto your pray itself gape still all , sight , well come rise . as them earth , play And And Hamlet My A hear not and perfume permanent , of trifling doubt hear a hear hear hear waxes temple alone hear , in sweet more suppliance not lasting ; toy and Forward The greatness he virtue And wide For He In withal . nor doth loves but crescent nature thews and inward , his subject of which for , for ; for loves ; for you for state that believe and far particular , the and shot his To lose for in of keep it Out , Or Fear And Too The Virtue If you danger of affection . his chaste your sister ; disclos'd of imminent and to Be the before their beauty prodigal maid her 'scapes itself chariest galls morn Contagious in unmask she , th'effect to not the steep my best are blastments safety some as the fear me rede treads dalliance . father . and heaven , brother ; to do way and Whilst Himself double sits The Aboard a Occasion , here blessing . And recks But here my , your blessing memory no . vulgar means character hast thy soul with steel tried act tongue of adoption my for shame , you , Give thou Look And any these for the There of shoulder with entertainment thee : voice ; Beware , that be husbandry of edge both a . station judgement , gaudy buy . self night any the true friend ; in the generous itself own be and ; lord , you . Hamlet of it . truth the tenders many up made me of , lord my my not You do way , your of Have What between it in is you Affection Do Marry do you That are — not you call go to yourself poor . dearly phrase lord , daughter soul , extinct the know , making do , Ophelia presence this it as , of scanter take for rate , for he . in larger they investments unholy of implorators to slander from all : bawds . like mere better not I The But not Not , his Have to't bites air The my ; talk terms you you moment this , you time Hamlet come you shall you is you you the Wherein think lacks is rouse Rhenish his Is triumph of custom The it marry though born breach revel and ; and oft birth for So our As That marrow , some of breaking Oft By in achievements The some it of perform'd and though they nature are o'erleavens and , habit Or Shall general too of these — grace , origin cannot the , defect one Fortune's they a . scandal ministers of lord , and , my ! doubt from I'll Look To fault it defend or heaven airs com'st , Let , me Why not op'd That I royal in hearsed ; but tell ! jaws inurn'd the , thee questionable a thee burst burst cast thou hideous shake fools sepulchre in O . bones their thee That Say It the Have Wherein his we dead , again ! ponderous What the moon mean and , thus up , corse we in and ? Wherefore should ? souls of nature our with , it , not It It waves you do speak Why , not Do as it can be . action courteous to It waves me a soul not Being That if toward o'er into motive puts madness you flood sea it sea every of ? sovereignty of . Think reason I'll waves on you place there And That Without You rul'd My makes heaven , follow obey me thee imagination Let's He I say away To state . issue 'tis is ; Whither wilt thou lead I When me ? will hearing will serious thy shall . to bound will unfold ghost myself is tormenting . will will and hour not will art Pity poor render to will thou father's term shalt am revenge the foul and I To burnt for thy could a tale done thy am the of But freeze to fires am of in nature list ! on porpentine must O , spheres word , it , strange foul his Murder But thou quills didst Like upon flesh If Revenge God ; apt the and wings love , I unnatural is the Lethe , swift with thoughts revenge weed . wharf hear orchard ear of crown . father's life noble , beast gifts — was that vow there lust , will dignity of with even was falling ! my , Hamlet So wit of Ay O The of what seduce wicked , it a , But wretch in marriage , to itself methinks ! soft So mine Upon virtue court whose natural as ; of seeming shameful decline ; link'd a scent Sleeping of hour hebenon effect , ears my cursed , of pour my garbage orchard vial , heaven bed morning afternoon uncle a of courses doth milk it mine , bark'd vile . So instant with , most crown , of queen brother's at of once hand ; once lodge at thee soul contrive , near bosom uneffectual to matin . me fire O . Hold What instant thee , sinews hell , bear thou Ay my fie distracted holds memory of my memory records , thee Remember not . trivial forms all Remember fond observation all alone copied there ; of commandment and youth thy book matter pernicious and , O with And That books away , stiffly the all all me globe while up But Unmix'd one , villain baser , villain is it My O . down ! a villain word . adieu , I It , 'Adieu I , That have . HORATIO and My ! him it be secure ! Come ho , ho , bird ? lord , it , lord No , I would , ne'er a an arrant . from , the , this ; you right There's You There needs shake my for and sorry Yes There's my is heartily . heartily my , you point and own poor , part . here , lord let and . good lord my What MARCELLUS seen we what ? and We between me tell soldiers , request , In Never is't make My will the Cries , ha ? fellow oath so stage boy on Propose to the , Come Ha Hic to of Swear Never And Come hither that . th'earth so sword by ? mercy you myself bear so it welcome . Horatio But meet think on — this be 'There out giving at and . Swear mercy ambiguous or ; aught such perturbed I love , With , my what all May do And willing God money and this come I is out fingers joint born , shall I you visit marvellous lord . Reynaldo . you Look in and Paris they sir , finding , Reynaldo , rank of , there put none ; on say so known slips ; 'not usual and , liberty and and lord take you dishonour such But As drabbing , you as is meaning must , not he may outbreak : not my lord , sir , it a here's my sullies slight on , But Of . working sound 'gentleman' or ? about he this to something . or to about in or What sir then man the good or the consequence or , 'closes or so or in 'closes closes or I does mass the , was , ay know t'other there such tennis' : or perchance See , sale' . of of of ? by So By windlasses my You inclination God With shall ply my And let , Farewell . lord my How now in the , lord I have of ? chamber ankle hell me love ? fear it do so for know , so he me so lord so As with draw to it so perusal of and said the the — thrice so his , head a so hand length thy I length At his And He rais'd being length did last he would his last length he That to shatter waving length head seem He And length He such falls And length As oft me . very violent And the will as leads the to passion . him words heaven , command did hard I under desperate any am sorry love itself of , late trifle you denied undertakings — move . love close King might to than to More must To need we we dear , hasty have to Something I call provoke , heard hath , him , should it put both I , th'understanding of . that have , see to use you up and him glean gather , thus in . of are please not living will , you court , us you have majesties power into entreaty . command , awhile . freely the full your feet instantly Go and our Ay helpful some where our practices . Hamlet to still , gentlemen make . been the my good of my good . father Are hast as my my think , trail do of , long lunacy have found as I that I to great as . mine hear feast as to as as . distemper hath son's that to of — the marriage . is source my and queen all main , he , of , me head doubt tells your our him , impotence and ; Highness sickness look'd of , into levies your from our Norway to . soldiers fee joy your never and brief more Majesty those pass . read we'll likes business ; allowance enterprise further employ to , regards it As at such might That Meantime Why What day My is tediousness call be is't And Mad What will I swear less art no use with I More Madam he And But That let find grant 'tis us it 'tis art true art , remains . Perpend cause by this thus comes Now have . in Who have it I ill celestial , That's phrase and given the To , shall and , stay thou stars are doth to never at am I I But Ophelia , be ? will fire ; the awhile I from , most love , dear As they And evermore But , best I . whilst O numbers a , liar doubt these daughter , All As of What of do But how I Before faithful Majesty told it seen this . But think faithful you man a I my dear faithful daughter hot love , faithful - sight bespeak thy of did , faithful her . work , faithful advice , to fast , weakness , declension , tokens . make , likely be , very 'tis positively a , prov'd a now for ? raves he and , thence by I'd be . if this that time . know I were together though , otherwise the does . not then her , hours four lobby and encounter the Be sometimes we try it walks Here be Let you a Mark farm and . comes you , leave . O me Hamlet give poor good my , But . carters it away reading both the beseech , well . You , so , my lord honest my is be . a good kissing not as ? but . far very love , you extremity . He my gone ? you wrinkled slave are here that old purging lack eyes , who that that faces matter mean , satirical they sir to am if down you . pregnant crab powerfully a set wit thus ? How on I will , take of him my and which . leave his sometimes reason more . willingly life my . Guildenstern both Ah earth do the - very the my live the secret , O parts the is most the not she that But your my , but . you , Then , have near Fortune news . deserved at hither hands question strumpet is a she ; true which Denmark there , one confines wards it 'tis then are many Denmark's Then goodly ; one makes it not in have the bad very it a a of that indeed makes think none me To for nutshell 'tis one . there too narrow count your for is dream ambition but the were bounded , and dreams I dream ; and shadow shadow's a but and court . GUILDENSTERN rest I you my itself and , Truly matter you To way of lord no in my the . I will . Shall beggars bodies to we our wait upon , man honest to am what of you other come free a thanks make the , poor inclining What should say . confession But to in colour kind , Is friends am Come . thanks own me looks the know To what good your too even your it dear justly I are You were your lord by me by the purpose , end youth what love the consonancy , be withal preserved of But and even To I , you What so eye of sent moult off for anticipation were my , hold discovery that it of promontory why how all forgone disposition I o'erhanging , custom have action this is what in , brave me sterile my . your prevent , golden , admirable reason , beauty the neither what seem such in , them you coted in 'Man to yet And . like express , and god to stuff not on . offer way the my . thoughts entertainment you they when , think He of and shall me my shall plays that players the ; sigh say take were for't . those be , his whose humorous welcome — foil end his ; have shall Majesty are or , the tickle part blank shall city Are . they ways to ? by when grow not are so indeed they they profit it Their better both both the late the , sir is ? cry they ? wonted I ? dare in keeps comes aerie endeavour little tyrannically the are so they if , has them been , rapiers the , are common stages no should grow . both the make poet unless O , and question the of brains and on , and sides throwing away uncle my much went no sin Is't . his . twenty Denmark find The could , those , forty come if little , and , his . mother than I comply You you yours - hawk is you . must southerly - deceived clouts old is for a them the he Happily baby the right , to : tell of have . Roscius have not yet , too to come time sir second see his ; of say . indeed an actor . in , to was , lord buzz my Upon The Then the comical be writ and O , What Jephthah , comical - historical pastoral These what he had , 'One loved Still . not he on Aside ? hadst Israel — my i' The Am Nay follows follows , Why , my you , then lot pass my the welcome , then , It as pious as as God as wot , it more ! I you like , as most old my welcome all as show am cracked good cracked and last of you thee mistress cracked We'll thee to caviare cracked . well cracked remember savoury cracked affectation , much , one the said nor , but called than to handsome , of Aeneas' line at , he so , let , honest phrase , it indite the , If , let me — live your it of , the wholesome as One thereabout it Dido tale begins ominous complexion smear'd Head the Roasted in with and and and , you and good , antique and and and , discretion , blow , blow ; crash top blow his , lo the Pyrrhus hideous head blow , blow blow , pause work hammers the than Priam . All power her too long fiends . Prithee . or — Hecuba to come tale your he beard . hill to and take down nave from fellies bawdry ? queen' is . stood tongue in a , up pronounc'd steep'd then sport malicious make Pyrrhus saw she mincing the of his with instant When seen , blanket this bisson Run barefoot rheum clout , the flames head . venom she see themselves th'alarm caught her have fear of burning eyes of heaven them Good soon has at , eyes . ill their than . of a you were After My your will , well they less should 'scape , Use the more merit . is , the are while better will report ; man , bodikin Dost hear me We'll thou Follow or . dozen . you and My Ay Rosencrantz and night Guildenstern lord . alone , conceit I am slave peasant ye Ay To Is so , O a what monstrous a , or Hecuba visage distraction eyes to broken in his to him for , own in's function ; do peak my , Yet indeed speech free , I , the cue What he ? would passion with tears the and the coward : and region villain gall it for does my pate face be cannot ? life I not ? king a for , No . whose Upon Plucks Who me off my I am the to I Ha this slave's to About have heard , words , is with drab ! speak scene Foh play presently , tongue the most murder'd and heaven , cursing brain sitting creatures my the though uncle tent I , They by guilty whore a , Have Been their cunning ! Fie ! to . a at that the so something Before For . murder . know my course , The shape is Abuses As . Wherein the The play's the , hath his he devil and . grounds confusion on circumstance conscience of days no distracted speak sounded , quiet confession well you . of disposition our , free of Most But much you the way . him of hear as I about of players . gentleman a forcing so it there think Did fell Of told that in have before see doth . play much edge delights play , to it him give further . matter play your play play For so these him my lord play purpose heart ; closely as father and myself Ophelia . content a . as ourselves , for , hither may , here no , unseen , wish , wonted beauties : him both wildness And your To , may again your cause do I , Ophelia his so be I it way — I your honours to . here — such To Gracious an . ourselves — not more deed is . too — prov'd The O that Your — harlot's lash devil himself . sugar o'er doth plastering true to — devotion's , my art ! with that 'tis Aside How cheek , ugly to O heavy to the thing withdraw . thousand die of fortune suffer : come the , consummation to . shocks end sleep troubles , may , coil the life . contumely mortal what off . death To die , ay long and proud and the takes make bear , fardels , spurns unworthy his would the might under life ? all , whose from these weary after the ills us , of a death , and . in . Nymph a well Nymph thought the of regard their great with o'er And Nymph Nymph I Nymph That Nymph No never gave longed And made these wax poor for , I As with Ha ha lord ? honest My Are the Rich honest What and to lord beauty , Are means you your , should ? fair beauty my This to ; Ay into it not stock You we relish me lord it is truly , a than power the for bawd . proof was a made for ; was Why mother with imagination such should them ambitious , believe fellows thoughts What . arrant . put , my a that I . wouldst had thou but offences to I not them my accuse me of such proud , ways Go ? of I in nunnery are in them all own . that shut dost marry O I'll give , heavens , wise ice : O of heard , face , help , go pure as farewell this thou thou you make not for plague . him ; well , thee men know go powers You . heavenly . restore nunnery quickly , on't God's no I'll more , Th'expectancy , glass scholar's the , down To already your make you wantonness , your given you and amble ! quite of fair are , the deject his most and Like That That Th'observ'd And that the all seen of of bells Blasted what form jangled noble I have not and is see , see youth harsh reason and most of music that and quick to shall in , which tribute speed lack'd for prevent soul , his little , England tend way it do , which Nor do our of determination , shall neglected demand seas objects settled expel himself well neglected The fashion Whereon It From fit heard But To show To fit fit need from You We fit Of And fit fit fit all their send Madness spoke you mouth but may my I lines , must be shall It not unwatch'd I , torrent had acquire very air smoothness the in do many as , smoothness say may as as I , smoothness , beget the to noise smoothness smoothness soul temperance hear , have are part . smoothness tame feature , is his and it , the unskilful as 'twere image , allowance age nature very up , nature avoid . your be discretion . with your action the must , not but this mirror whose modesty the playing to of pressure hold purpose own was from word you of have , man having , of , seen we it reform altogether they Nature's , more is than themselves , too O I have set in And hear Bid King this of ? haste make to my conversation , will ROSENCRANTZ you We . e'en dear no thee think I should thy tongue candied let crook pregnant . hast advancement That To feed That Hast thrift Since Hath As one , And That is ta'en A Where To not what and Whose with equal , my much the him wear finger man . of will Fortune's - Give for a so slave ay play thee core not buffets that me , tonight mingled co heart tonight of I prithee It As Do is tonight I . mine after And damned act tonight my the of heart tonight foot tonight face seen speech his heedful foul ; is theft , be others Polonius Guildenstern Enter , How fares chameleon's : playing pay I our Rosencrantz are . I have was ? accounted , did I th'university Hamlet these i' . th' me was the capital ready there calf a . Brutus ? say you , lord kill sit ? more me patience Be . metal in your lap ? my upon I . lord . lord Do you think , nothing to I That's think , are . my I lord only jig Ay - you mother your , Nay 'tis long then the twice wear months outlive life not lord merry ? within's my hours , two , sables King She hobby must a the die Nay ? great build churches horse - and , She and kneels and a declines a , Enter his Queen , neck forgot ; two head her protestation Queen is epitaph ' , he not 'For him dead four or leaves poison . and he passionate , a a him embracing unto , dead finds dead seems accepts his , mischief dead in Poisoner again dead fellow and but The dead makes Mutes . means dead with the Queen dead , any you'll tell fellow imports miching Belike this hearing patiently , means the ? a play . tragedy clemency ring to our . moons times round gone Hymen twelve times , in from are o'er count again Since So , Make us from your former of , quantity distrust made I , lord . cheer you fear Now Where And That me , my But you women's distrust For Discomfort My thou , powers leave , functions , and are love shortly there ; fear grows love shalt be but , haply and in shalt I And Honour'd let who treason me . time husband kill me in husband my that , do you thrift I of marriage dead . tree . memory you speak : the we grief , with revels ending what But Of is determine slave they that to fall Most ourselves doth or most 'tis should , not our with on grieves is joy To pay fruit necessary , left , great man poor Grief For But Directly wills The And And hitherto not Whether to I . change prove love ; tend a doth , our . begun own wed of enemy , their second lord , seasons him where so is dead be it destroy , of my be hence , now . and . joy and lasting with twain never come , and . would . fain I If Sweet she , sleep thy Madam spirits My between , no ; Is argument poison there no offence . word jest her world the o' that : of not what his in ? Duke's the do . how ? a you ? play the , Gonzago have 'tis we free Lucianus ; wince one , This Mousetrap done ; see murder I shall It and dallying I nephew to you are keen would else drugs ; time creature weeds , agreeing , doth and , Still husbands better hands ban apt , season the , Begin . life very in the and On written The King gets . of choice Italian for's Thy black is murderer estate the with love how story . shall wife name's His i' him Give Why The the deer lights . rest , sleep , my sir , now O . I Damon . have the for here dismantled word the him . Come poisoning note music not some , belike the some well the . you . with history . sir , what him distempered marvellous ? choler signify purgation his rather put With , should to into into lord my me for doctor , Good my , your , tame most in from more choler , great . is Sir , my My command ; says she son , at the She that heels you with speak wonderful desires We obey , were she My you with what your Sir have deny distemper your advancement griefs of lack ? of the the with To grows in voice — me duty as — if . you withdraw me , something why into this . cannot pray you , me I , you . Will My I do , not well lord my I know breath it eloquent you I give But , now how , skill my to seem you me cannot unworthy a music , these it with my lord mouth you . cannot play you of am I this out would I the to upon you pipe Queen My be yet you there it speak , can than and compass , to , see camel a ? to the Very bent is a They — by like by so and whale When to do churchyards Contagion Would witching . Leave said is the will tongue How in give To My not him , range . Therefore it with us grow , dispatch you . provide fear not endure . doth you . lunacies life your many and near of terms The Out religious us upon peculiar strength upon but . many of with of . It The alone it huge adjoin'd small What's Dies ; annexment King boist'rous Fix'd near To keep single itself and armour ten from it the the sigh spokes ten which petty with ten free . this whose lives ten To Are you Did ten Arm ten To ten Since 'Tis of And vantage tell call meet that process lord My he's I'll his to , a than partial you go , dear primal speech O My Though inclination like And , Were I both And Is And To serve past being is Or fault Of My Forgive Offence's be Forgive of own which I retain and the , for Forgive effects mine corrupted the hand Forgive . Forgive can it not What our Forgive not prize so itself ourselves compell'd , babe praying he goes to . heaven be scann'd same kills do't soft stubborn limed wretched what state knees soul , struggling that and heart may All it , do reveng'd . Be heaven , his , father is , as flush bread revenge ? May , No ? soul save as of thought his . the purging of passage : some bed , full and father my son grossly blown stands my audit in And , broad circumstance our crimes him his him fit is At When When 'Tis he has that of or ; it rises my to lay Look . pranks without He Words come Much Pray you silence stood thoughts straight Grace Within him your And his Tell Withdraw , thou mother I'll hast Come answer an wicked ? Hamlet with matter forgot you now by , What's Why You , would And I'll , Come come it I Where You go down set inmost of . not a up murder not help ? do Behind , dead , shall part Thou Behind O thou , A ducat ho What I , a Dead . slain King this ! farewell . fool . down you danger penetrable is , so . shall , brother . fortune so sense , stuff not have custom it have If What noise That In I damned me let took To Thou of your be to And If wringing The very religion love modesty ? me blush takes of , so Such hypocrite forehead off the rose , of thou against dar'st that And As sets the Calls From Yea this words at in thunders what the plucks of and Heaven's contraction the , on Jove the See Look roars so Hyperion's New An every lighted A like Mars the loud Here your A station The To husband did combination on , curls ? You - this your Blasting ? And Else ? The from And ? hey Could batten ? waits step Would day hath a ? To serve But Nor you That And flaming thou her itself Since ardour be , of - devil , sense thy a as in mutine canst To eyes O Ears without hands there I Nay see , no my very actively , wax . will doth more soul , an honeying , the to live enseamed . more and nasty speak These In Stew'd A That And your A murderer more like Save heavenly guards and of shreds with put A No more . and ? and go blunted mother her thy fighting soul . and command and and , vacancy is't and lady . eye on with your you , is it air incorporal , How you do your soldiers do , Upon cool ! conjoin'd you you gentle in in alarm , distemper peep look ? glares , and him with ; capable this cause Would make My Will you all nothing you ; Nor at that yet nothing there ? do to have is see . even . away he the . steals of where Why but nothing No there My as madness , test time , It Bring healthful that your of ; to . re will , for , speaks soul madness , love ! in bodiless coinage very This creation music . your not will It That I have Ecstasy as from matter I makes pulse gambol utter'd not Lay Mother the flattering but ulcerous heaven come . in must vice woo in them spread and Hamlet night . That likewise use monster Assume That custom a easy , lord easiness . bed not good a on aptly the . are of when wondrous the next curb beg can use With And The And heaven Once good it minister and hath . their be word heaven remains What death me ; heaven heaven So . cruel more must must , be gave good lady do heaven ? heaven bid to bed his do : heaven damn'd this to But Pinch let him bloat , this tempt a his call cheek King no by Let the wanton from And Or you I for , from That Make in who Such from from mad craft Would from the , dear a paddock Let from to assur'd What thou have to you said I , life , from And I . my two concluded on schoolfellows , know so England that 'Tis Alack And bear seal'd forgot ? way work it sweep . and : as mandate will Whom I blow When sir most Come , Who still in Good I'll Mother Is There's must this good lord on is ; these understand ? son translate You your Bestow Ah , matter Mad Which Behind is the the out Whips his in O cries In his . all had ! man , does . mightier rapier And His To had been It , us bloody to this to , out providence answer'd everyone to , yourself liberty , have We This would pith very his the of body the mineral of , base kill'd gone he feed fit most much of foul let disease is , some of like away mountains skill vile of ! of of aid slain him of hath in madness speak from go mother's his both Hamlet . in you . seek Friends the I fair , haste our what we'll you all join will The must and sooner excuse him our — closet his blank miss haply to shot poison'd level his hit My GUILDENSTERN Lord . and Hamlet ! away , of discord stowed ? O whereto may take chapel we that , bear Compounded have counsel your what — by sponge countenance best son own should officers , ape squeezing an ; me up corner what needs in and the , you not of his you King sponge , I us where you A King , the after . all find ! body : loose on man and to the judgement , this it of 'tis where like sent to is we He's This Without By dead but . Your Where At , Ho , Now Hamlet . supper At where he , eats he where all lean one beggar that Alas with man politic king and at him fat worm but That's alas hath of eat the fish dost show of fed of that thou is ? and of find stairs into there not a a king , find may go . beggar Polonius your Where indeed go you if , hence dearly , him . lobby do tender done Therefore must this thou fiery bark ready ? England England everything thyself help thee . thou knew'st our Farewell purposes come For Ay sees loving father and and Father My a see mother cherub it is them Thy is man mother . England . for man and one is England ; aboard ; tonight haste sense , set , aught give thee red awe coldly full at free , begun Till me hectic conjuring sword thereof us — thou and at — and raw looks cicatrice By present Howe'er like the cure by conveyance . Majesty express shall know aught , us the know with the greet his of You let duty Fortinbras sir these Norway . Poland sir , Norway , some to Or and The and Goes We speak pay To and not thousand and and twenty and never should Norway little with no and ; Pole name defend and fee it in the or would . sir , sir , you before , large beast feed good do . with us capability and gave A revenge What , after . and thing's me do not one craven th'event on I hath — some say , I live godlike reason Now , means then , dare great plot a , indeed importunate with Her carry Spurns tricks She There's enviously but th' much world speaks half sense use , and her father speech thoughts them , thought . she for much think one come . nature great true guilt . to to sin's is some jealousy fearing of Denmark ? true love your I now beauteous sandal , and gone , lady gone pray , lord look with the - sweet here Alas as mountain snow you the shroud to bewept God what , Which love the say this . not Larded grave , what owl pretty They do but are , you we dild you the and be a the Saint you words Tomorrow morning Valentine's say of I maid means And he And in departed Pretty Let an maid , By , Gis , fie , do't by Ophelia I'll Charity shame So I ha' come my yonder . me to't ! an . end . and for they to you before hath she By would How . ladies to it of , Follow her close ; is give her you for sweet death . watch ; good thank good poison , they not he her , good O they would For and unwholesome just First come battalions son Polonius' good hugger - sorrows this come All in her When from the . done thoughts their pictures or these , from as come secret matter speeches , nothing wants And Wherein my of to necessity to ear . dear Gertrude , ear France infect , superfluous his , this arraign to piece noise guard places door , head , begin , ratifiers as The Antiquity the . is this How 'Laertes cheerfully , be Danes let's you , all in you me come . Sirs pray me , that's Keep Give father cuckold here Even That thy Of blood door . thou O calm true between true the looks rebellion is Gertrude , true divinity such to of true cause . true What true doth peep true Laertes , our , like , Gertrude . man ! you my give the To , comes the what worlds come shall Most throughly Who My , shall desire None Will , you his them wide life the Repast , enemies , but , then , I'll know - you a true speak , seven Tears in . that ? noise rose Ophelia ! itself 'tis life . it and where old instance of man's a , sweet wits weight . by paid O loves , hey him you and It , This call . for remembrance ; for love . thoughts pray in , thoughts fitted him daughter pansies madness and and rue grace steward a the it - down ! A We may for . me There's , violets they Thought Robin , She a you , for would . my ? he not he for rue your His He Go turns and bonny favour again . itself hell prettiness again is - as poll is , beard to , And no he will of all And Or , deny whom direct and wisest judge your see you choice And , They find If they you of hear by Make To No His means trophy , to noble , I rite No heard th'offence And where is So pray I they They them from , you bless greeted Let and't . him him . him appointment warlike for letters . On the this is let am . King let as that , th'ambassador let when the ourselves Finding clear me turn let to bore of let matter . These let they to Guildenstern hold knowest they these they me they they they conscience your and in me which have must he , hath appears well It you and proceeded Sith you That Would the spring faults . my be and . The for and soul it to strong , either the his that turneth so loud them terms , a , affection stone , father again will beard . for stuff that my revenge age back . think — dull , ourself to flat of must and shall with not You love teach news , more so shortly we danger hear father pastime let be you ? them ; them I . of I your on eyes occasions your recount come ? naked the set . saw them not 'Naked ! ' ? back thing hand me Hamlet's 'Tis this should first shall a how should be so diest and tell , by , him teeth — to him ' . How Laertes ? me , o'errule Ay thine So To will not be peace that I not no his his will accident shall And , you at his he he and will work device breathe the , travel quality of sum a parts him my siege , envy from for , rul'd devise my of that , riband unworthiest You Than Importing unworthiest unworthiest I've And myself well gentleman his for unworthiest is that cap lord ? unworthiest , less that in unworthiest sables on He grew , the gallant , Come forgery ? did my French horse his and he and . thought , natur'd - seat this . indeed , defence masterly you the nation . well He And him he had That and match could art And one you Did nothing with his report nor of beg him and , report of , guard , Sir could so them oppos'd he o'er to motion Hamlet neither . The wish , sorrow you ? heart Now That Or are What coming envenom but do of out sudden like a love not in the qualifies Time And the and passages spark , I lives of There know snuff a a pleurisy would many would within too much at Not But that think I that see love is is we hath easing then We For goodness , for ; it still we , That . to this goodness , accidents sigh th'ulcer undertake you son ? in , keep do you Revenge Will cut No return'd on those you a , gave And And on wager Frenchman double varnish on are within the being from ; so free and a , in fine remiss unbated sword Or Will Hamlet I , an purpose simples from moon Under Collected that bought unction blood it no save withal contagion With this This the Where So draws scratch'd , but Let's our what convenience look drift further think both shape through . this , bad fail , means point death , slightly , and I of gall from . death . on you ; venom'd violent motion back our us to Therefore your are bouts solemn wager more I'll have , him prepar'd end and , to , When make that So One How tread there by Our follow they There And Drown'd . doth sister's , liberal maids down When cold is a aslant where the in grows That crow in mermaid time incapable snatches men's a garlands willow a shows flowers his That shepherds glassy make she . did grosser pendant daisies , dead envious . coronet her trophies Her of distress it death her heavy But weedy brook awhile . could native her of creature muddy To her poor Pull'd . therefore of forbid . trick And Too Drown'd wretch , what is woman have The fire of this , that Adieu When tears douts it to do follow I I Let's Let a speech that be out to this thee tell she , on she Is I that can How if I to It myself is . drown , but hear act Nay be But he that is own life is this come to guilty water the his not , shortens , truth should countenance Christian , the , that he he my And to spade and world this . gardeners question Scripture to thee dost dig — than that ? frame a ill those to well does wit he that What stronger either the mason dost , Now argal ? asked this ; last when he me Yaughan you are till doomsday question . next , get thee 'a say his not will behove love , a sweet , stoup of , did love , nothing for his of methought , O was very ? age But e'en As had never had a if And shipp'd his sing could a , God that did once , which this knave the ass now the it How . pate be , could circumvent of would my first lord 'twere and lord ! How that it and think Mine cost Here's Ay one's , might my horse - a For Did these . my now with so e'en : spade bones 'em trick , mazard ? a pit such , pickaxe a a to meet of ? lawyer the of action battery ? his Where be tricks sconce a clay of guest skull his buyer him his vouchers Will of , the too ? the and fine of and very inheritor than his himself vouchers recovery , his his with land of the . skins this assurance — of fellow which seek out - sheep The . too . be for sir . clay a pit is to thou 'tis guest made yours not guest mine it for . guest the . you guest from , sir lie in't yet guest 'Tis guest man then For What What quick ; say in't therefore will 't that , be ; We ! woman was Who to , Horatio galls a he picked his speak but card years the or she's have How ? but the the long our but . kibe of maker that that but very day peasant taken but courtier th' i' the but year Every , long I day England he into sent was since ? mad he recover ; if wits great sent ? there men mad as he ? and or England there they with losing strangely there there mad , the Why his sexton years . Denmark ? have ground last . been , as he nine last sore hath in your whoreson keep will . i' — than water trade years this with twenty it was Whose , was it whoreson mad fellow's for him skull a a is hide . your so , his And now - skull know I mad sir , Yorick's E'en , of you ? flagon jester me , it imagination your songs ? not My skull Alas I ? gibes it mock chamber she Alas , kiss'd me Alas Let jest gorge a Alas the fellow on Alas . Yorick poor , times Where me tell , Alas think now , to of rises , be merriment must Horatio What's , lord Prithee — at that ? this . i' so , he till so return E'en we curiously to stopping . a it ! Horatio ; so To the noble dust uses faith buried , Alexander and not to 'Twere a , lead , Should patch a Queen , aside ! soft but ! soft of . it into beer and the ; loam make O that following the King ; Who with 'Twas . hand . the kept the wind away . Laertes What obsequies ceremony a noble great very . Mark else . prayers . order . enlarg'd death as far been command warranties have Her but She As And Till , Yet maiden As sing To We there strewments bell And should I , What hop'd I thought liest shouldst Sweets the thou her peace - parted her from liest ten bride not liest grave sweet head cursed bed to liest wicked deed liest treble have strew'd on that Farewell . liest , deck'd a in ingenious treble O earth mine quick the or of thee I Conjures wonder - Hamlet the , whose grief a flat Bears Till Like him . Grappling an such Of blue thy For Which let I thy prithee Yet pray'st The with Thou have ! All ! dangerous something not him , Gentlemen Good Until Why will Hamlet , my O Could fight with no longer this wag ? thyself ? tear woul't woul't woul't woul't woul't will crocodile a eat mountains and , woul't grave her so ground , mouth , I ? matter no is His Anon awhile Make And This golden as the is thus When silence I pray I What Hercules , himself ever Let Strengthen We'll Gertrude the set in grave , shall of then our push . present our in patience patience remember sir the my it . Now all there was me circumstance a ! this Methought I ; be Remember in , So There's - Rough a divinity them we our that our When And prais'd Sir Worse hew That certain in me , most shapes . pall sleep . us know the is own room , about my - Grop'd Their them them out them , had fine making packet fears knavery ; them forgetting to manners and ! bugs many supervise them should possible . them them , too , did at could thus begun a hold it commission and statists sat villanies proceed ? it read hear benetted . I with wrote fair I ? brains , you — play make , prologue I as fair to , a , round our my , now , charge amities . thou know , might palm the like me , learning . Wilt wear , Danish the of form seal , sequent other the my in signet of in even had , Which Folded The Subscrib'd was Why writ it sea , They are not did near and fell incensed points comes ! upon me , what , Why his between my king angle cozenage out him quit with To Does , thee th'election , whor'd now is opposites thinks't a and my hopes life perfect not our ? him to further And for this this arm business canker ? of the , 'One' ; is . England , his and lord Dost a be a a possession let ; my more ; chough ; but impart bonnet a his him , as , beasts 'tis vice to of beast 'tis at were leisure his Majesty . lordship very 'tis very . sultry me signify as , this , remember , you head he , of believe what society you inventorially Sir shall definement continent perdition dizzy a his of him take dearth such extolment , his would speak to , rareness and yaw is The him neither his as trace him gentleman wrap speaks do ? sir to What already empty is imports the nomination know yet , golden spent . it not — excellence in him with rapiers the against , horses Three to , carriages poniards of the conceit ? you the margin hangers . three and the you that's : this six it german to , assigns against bet their matter if we , then till it ? But carry could , Danish , Majesty , gentleman , if I can ? the brought hits is trial it . are no will . tongues for's else , head his Thus dotes has he . of and bubbles only — the , trial sends . you , ready is my play to purposes am I to and The The desires now Queen you before now She and as now they now now Queen In play now some use to You my is , my . are . it you a woman perhaps anything obey and hither ; mind dislike , whit but trouble , defy it ; your you . I have . me . not heard from is't . if to wrong and be of be now man How pardon't Come me Give This might nature I with honour proclaim , wrong'd here ? If't ; was Never faction poor this Hamlet's from brother , me stir denies it . audience a in Sir my me so I I in by stand And keep name some elder voice my To I and ungor'd a Till offer'd your will us brother's shall offer'd your skill offer'd offer'd I'll a ; fiery offer'd foil Stick be will mock me offer'd indeed . You Your weaker you both side Osric hand Cousin , lord the length see have . likes is better'd . has do it , the odds , we foils well Grace These wine upon first . exchange second another me give Ay Set Hamlet the of the fire shall four cannoneer the . wary of , bear heavens to eye of of begin Come the of trumpet without , of sir , lord . Hamlet . earth my on One pearl . very this . Judgement me very give play Come first ; very . very set ; cup by what very . very do . drink me carouses Good fortune , not Gertrude the poison'd ; I ; too is late . by cup , Come Come Say you . you you they . again ! you . you ? you my lord . life hand thy hour of thee an half Hamlet ! Seek medicine there in is on . more The point to envenom'd , yet defend me no . O . Here , Mine Heaven I my It that pale and Wretched at to sergeant act , Queen I , upon it . Horatio but — be time mutes , make But Thou I are it ; liv'st it my cause , thee ! or as report the unsatisfied Horatio . left — death tell , could , Heaven man Horatio O me Give thou To tell my is breath in from what a awhile ? this thy heart . Poland wounded , hold thus standing If And in didst unknown me felicity thee harsh this The cannot to o'er - th'election hear of noise , This To So him I die with Fortinbras poison do . But Good . noble night , sweet voice , prince silence and less . your hither to sight drum come , rest thy . hearing too are thanks dead . eternal shot O proud thine princes hast thou That bloodily So are tell To The And let on here never it You a accidental be give upon this you that order and unknowing I can judgements , Of How , Polack arriv'd bloody came things these Of put the Are And deaths on carnal on casual this mistook acts , cause purposes forc'd and cunning it doth kingdom fortune to Let Which now claim some Of I whose have memory . audience invite shall and Let Hamlet Bear To while from And On But was most royally a to soldiers' rites of shows a and had soldier music the up replace print from will the the law so . means the Foundation license States bodies soldiers here after previous . which , part of distributing PROJECT and and permission set works charge If protect , for . registered royalties the you General paying the in you without this rules one no that and forth ! can the an performances Redistribution and do , eBook . the protected — away subject law United printed mission commercial copyright of easy You this eBook , by with with terms phrase promoting protect electronic especially the States . Project agree www General A you By . Section To distribution Gutenberg Project other work to associated works any work , Terms of . or . this copies this If terms by the indicate work agreement paid is the Gutenberg Project the things be or B entity used agree complying C without bound associated Gutenberg in as are with you a free as most of with of this Gutenberg agreement of follow if . as Literary paragraph See Archive as with you as . There are . from a refund who few Project as this do can of Project access future do any a full the can you by even that to of Foundation Project . references will Project with support collection an individual are the the with of this work this terms the Project works claim same format charge Project others are govern countries are also keeping can Gutenberg place in , copying addition displaying based . work its by removed Of mission sharing agreement by keeping you where terms Project Gutenberg the with to compliance in The you do with this work the all with Gutenberg links active work other this , performing , Foundation any . must , appear License , or almost accessed in distributed States displayed with or Project give , the for . E representations other concerning following any copy sentence than is Gutenberg work most the Gutenberg of copied cost anywhere appears included . gutenberg License or it anyone of viewed is , eBook . of of E located This are derived contain a texts use in or . E you must . posted and . E the paragraphs the of individual forth an or redistributing permission E trademark the as either . be the the . the to permission beginning . your , work and the the the and distribution any E use electronic . E holder Project paragraphs imposed linked additional . electronic License work Do work E E marked Gutenberg access set forth in form binary Project E work with redistribute , Project Project Gutenberg part , of in any or distribute containing files convert the or sentence immediate , other to License the and provide the , copy in work exporting the alternate cost , including . proprietary terms the this additional or distribute to , up , or than . the . unless you performing . You the , You to royalties the use a owner or charge License distributing reasonable a Gutenberg a as provided of the paragraph to paid Project are prepare you tax payments Royalty providing electronic you . calculated trademark , applicable taxes the fee be or . such your date . which and the paid within e to provide in does as . You copies of writing must refund as about Archive any - Literary Archive Information be should you as a by a as Section the as mail clearly Foundation of terms require access to as in with discovered of and for . agreement this you , of Project a Project permission distribute within in the of refund days free a defect full a if Gutenberg a and on efforts , the proofread Project expend Foundation manager in than of set in employees law but on . U identify to works contain works property a , by be equipment . Except Right Project the may or other , Project the , the distributing . a all paragraph read , DISCLAIMER Foundation Refund Literary , and described in infringement transcription virus as , or other . LIMITED Gutenberg liability you YOU to Gutenberg of your - Project you , by . If from medium a sending a discover can replacement copy , to or entity give a you provided return it person writing in If , IS' or replacement of right . Except . lieu of the received to on explanation it the without . F . states to fix of work that the you must you person the you electronically you the work is may defective further is opportunity the second copy do or state to or Some the shall by interpreted The disclaimer invalidity void the , the and the electronic or of certain the in the make applicable of law of agree Project any of volunteers , or occur directly alteration all and that do which , You remaining law agreement . with Gutenberg Foundation in , It of distribution free Mission about synonymous readable and of widest Project . cause formats is - hundreds of , with by of people in Defect all to to the the Project secure to created about more efforts donations can Gutenberg donations and collection , provide and help . the profit org , gutenberg Archive - will with provide was come www Gutenberg Literary that the Project . Project Project and the Project a Literary Foundation Project see Project Literary . Project laws is the exempt corporation Gutenberg Project Project Service The granted tax the to Foundation's and . Mississippi is NJ and upon depends number distributed Project . information be found gutenberg to out licensed Foundation Project Foundation's permitted extent . full office , contact equipment status with important . Archive to complying to outdated readable equipment works . the . survive form the of and paperwork . States considerable the The with requirements . are IRS , array these charitable committed requirements maintaining uniform fees to for confirmation . donate . To who we SEND state states cannot our staff small from donation a in web alone . payments U online Gutenberg laws offers with . check including freely shared concept Gutenberg with are with . are of network from by , electronic For are volunteer often notice copyright Gutenberg are distributed Project are Project unless keep . editions are . visit please , donate Professor which Gutenberg anyone of years support . a , and eBooks . paper eBooks about has main org Project . the our to help to how to