Long now For twelve I If good you rivals watch meet Well mouse . and a you . 'Tis heart quiet guard ? bitter thanks sick am had much And Not , Horatio bid night stirring , ho Stand to liegemen good night Give night , you good honest , O Give . Dane . you ? again appear'd has , you - Horatio . Welcome seen . A Welcome nothing this And Therefore , approve if eyes to come night . it speak , have nights again assail seen . of speak Well we , sit fortified What tush Tush And his it yond Where The thee off then bell Marcellus like Look . wonder Mark one of . to fear with spoke and . form . now Horatio ! and gone not Is ! 'Tis ! What You will something ! more not you think I ! and eyes own to the ! So ! frown'd When In before twice martial in With Why , Good So nightly , watch know of to and , he scope to my not I opinion , knows watch cannon task sore war the most strict subject of me the toils such impress divide , from , of brazen of with inform that can you At , Thereto to so Did Dar'd Was slay gaged Was Had to . carriage the skirts Hamlet fell he Which Against our King of which inheritance To by a stomach a it terms to compulsatory . this those of in't diet resolutes , Fortinbras young and hot Now of , by the full sir And Of Well by of post main our and our and in figure King no unto us And appear well recover - it is most the this it that : fates fierce still preceding precurse of omen coming on eclipse stands the empire star , events demonstrated . together it ! thy treasure thou if , speak foreknowing . good sound or and thy to art to If If That soft , though any Speak thing to be done of uphoarded it Stop of , you Stay say hast . with stand my ! walk death here , here , here here . cock a like . I morn heard here have - trumpet here , the his hies spirit erring of probation at herein shrill , of hath dare that 'gainst no witch power spirit then all long ; comes . cock crowing season . crowing crowing believe time stir crowing crowing Saviour's birth dawning crowing fairy Do , I Unto Let Break spirit our watch dew the heard we us Hamlet what of , o'er dumb to ; up morn high us will by yon we impart young in , upon it , seen most and fitting life with him , him speak I morning . brother's us whole ; death our dear , of that with ourselves fought and hearts so Yet To hath by He Importing Lost . bonds with his of know have delight with which have freely our For all you wisdoms , a thinking state with by to be dream of and late out of pester , ourself for most this Who this not his valiant business the father and subject , greeting and to you we that , to here meeting , of much time , in full further articles , levies Voltemand made dispatch . allow . commend , heart thy the , to the Than The The And is is head throne my What speak told You though to return came your to lord Laertes father ; done duty coronation beg thou , again ? me . pardon from my him it at time consent . more How is still than spend and Hamlet the my , so Aside spend I cast , eye Good lord thine spend let Hamlet not Do nighted a spend father look for know'st Thou Passing spend 'tis for little to lives spend . it nature is through Ay spend , common , all in eternity noble thy I , like thy colour on Denmark vailed with thy know the visage , mother good , I particular , my of so inky cloak solemn in haviour dejected forms denote they I But For That Nor nor the No , can me with Together These most 'Tis unschool'd ; be must know For That father lost In Of In do It , heart A But To sweet and these mourning commendable know lost filial must sorrow , obligation your But a unmanly incorrect a simple thing for course some An Take to any As we Why To 'This so the From This be fathers reason death most of fault Is it A Here in we most back the father unprevailing absurd . till ; no with dearest toward And are which In Do Than you . our love intent . Hamlet , our eye Wittenberg to , reply . Hamlet ; grace fair . today whereof shall , drinks tell , madam her best Denmark unforc'd ; you obey a as This smiling great to in a all and Everlasting itself solid this too too that heart and that slaughter , all it That me , uses 'tis rank . seed ! things — dead fie flat - stale O into flesh away Come . dew God ! would ! the resolve ! should come and not ! nay ; not excellent months two Hyperion Must not me what Visit That he remember I Like O God , month think it if to longer , brother ; the yet Than have Ere I of father's Niobe My of Would of I of , married She of of Sir my ever . myself , very what A shall Nor would To I . yourself you We'll teach But Against truant , am what My I I it came you I to is see it , Indeed Thrift Would my met that foe , day . father mind's Where seen forth , it was lord I — my ever , thrift dearest my lord all for like goodly . all , again . father him think Who lord King King My father deliver . watch night pie by , cap with : fear - and before and their his Almost them exactly stately ; with not . they whilst act of jelly oppress'd point A figure thrice eyes to distill'd , walk'd your and dumb In with , thing truncheon's to encounter'd at , slow By Stand of Form apparition I The , comes hands . was platform not each them It My lord My none : and as it And even honour'd very strange true ; from know but tonight . troubles this . say Both , From Arm'd . up anger . beaver he sorrow or you from ? pale , countenance Very would had constantly very fix'd his long been much I Most like I very moderate His It Perchance I as , I again . person . noble father's hell peace have hold though all , sight ; still tongue fare . and . farewell to : not . you would : deeds well were will , give that doubt , the . Farewell necessaries , the sleep , not do sister is let convoy But Think but more minute not toy a and but For and will nor cautel but as mind loves he Perhaps his inward wide now . service bulk And The Carve He For he he is the the Unto therefore his voice Denmark which believe says , further , open ; dear . moon enough spring the of be disclos'd of the of it rear and maid is beauty the their galls canker oft before she Virtue If The unmask in The not . imminent . father , treads heaven Do me like a Himself the steep and path too smiles A to my some And I Show Whilst blessing wind you The are And thou Look friends do entrance that Give Take Are Costly man's hatch'd , and but any Those Of Of And Neither most and nor oft a apparel habit of For they in express'd thy censure as but ; but of thee in ; man the true night self and to this blessing canst my humbly What you then as thine dulls loses itself both all must it This The Most time not : do , to , And my . Farewell hath touching Hamlet Lord : oft very the bethought , it of you , said well to been so 'tis free most caution understand of yourself as behoves , lord ? hath he 'Tis audience — and circumstance . you Affection believe hath it is between my Of ! in ! Pooh do not I have Marry know , to are I'll tenders , what for I , his Unsifted it lord In My With almost countenance my to , heaven , I speech know daughter , the prodigal , of - you hath must their your , heat : vows promise scanter of For higher maiden . is a extinct these blazes both in fire more the tongue blood to springes When Ay in than burns , take for not him that as to Set Not believe of mere dye given be The Have in to may his vows for ; they investments implorators like But give or slander sanctified The shall nipping leisure moment words , I I lord obey is eager . draws then not wont to near air ; What I it is a think lacks of twelve . struck is lord the walk , reels bray , out here , Rhenish takes of and this does rouse ; and than , headed drunkards and tax'd and , custom Ay mind my achievements and men custom a the other born , though , breach revel of observance nations it in that some form As in The our From Soil , though of chances vicious the His Being that all his noble substance of a doubt evil corruption The , of lord my in Shall Doth To , airs spirit Bring Thou father thy Let me Have cerements saw and hideous night thou cast Hath Why I thy com'st Be to royal burst canoniz'd That To , thus So Making ! is why ! thoughts beyond you if beckons to ! you waves It ! With horridly the ? What should we ! it desire action with a . fee ; lord at it do ? it . soul it the itself flood of into the cliff lord base the my pin's fear ? horrible summit sea the . brain . lord thee . follow not . me . gentlemen thee follow thus fit desperate He away make — By , I'll ! I say , Let's Have after Something Heaven rotten wilt me is I sulph'rous My hour is , I'll . up poor tormenting myself to Alas Must shall unfold . but to Speak I revenge am I To I harrow tell the and day certain ? father's term . away crimes walk fast my in done to my ; stars tale secrets unfold soul like thy a burnt eyes prison to fretful List Revenge If of To flesh Like ears most and God foul didst his ! unnatural , than wharf , weed and love as youth uncle Mine that O Now wears did ; The prophetic incestuous of , life gifts shameful virtuous off - to that there , decline ; be heaven never the vow morning a in it though . a mine Though made it went hand natural , radiant bed uncle the hebenon of thy hour , vial did pour blood courses of , man body through ; my air ; crust : be horrible ! to this let the But not thy Taint ! horrible thee leave in shows worm sting thorns those and to thy ; mind , nor lodge ; near be earth Hold ; matin ; Remember me fire well her Fare the pale , O stiffly sinews , this Ay ; the globe grow adieu his thee adieu ; ghost . while . not Remember of table my fond trivial , thee ? my else What old , seat , a , past , word . to remember me Now , there sure are . alone all . volume and one smile . villain I least My it . have and MARCELLUS . adieu I Within and , may uncle is So , It , How , ho , bird news my my ! lord come , noble . it by it ? Denmark . think ; us , and hands more villain dwelling lord us poor own pray . my go , us whirling you heartily us you we you right so it your every ; but are us faith no , offence us There's Patrick there . sorry wild — hath business and for and I'll between tell let good . I . lord lord lord lord already . lord . in Art lord , Swear ? swear lord fellow oath speak Beneath ? Come et Hic And to speak your A O Well as therefore And and said of Swear this Beneath mole , th'earth myself bear so help , welcome is , Horatio . you mercy , might' we , if they . do to not phrase if , or me at mercy and So That Beneath . gentlemen , most help giving or ; Swear of : out be your . me to Hamlet friending as do and your lips joint let's go O born , of I not my all Rest rest With shall do I , lord notes Reynaldo wisely my these . and expense will touch . question it nearer , him keep are of , in drift , demands know 'twere , thus in part him' as you 'I As And how That By this encompassment son particular know and forgeries you him sir As are , may such wanton take heed and . slips usual most and , My no You not That's and to taints a of unreclaimed seem he must That may Of A That may would another open you lord they Faith Ay savageness lord sir , that ? laying thing a it Marry party Having sir As , According , I He , He The the And does so in What 'closes At saw then was or with him with such 'I and enter , falsehood takes brothel him out you in the ay consequence' such , t'other ' , say , advice . reach of and wisdom this See you now ; not . inclination his b' wi' my I have well . you . in ply lord him Observe . my . my And music matter the what's , the doublet - down his , shirt look his and with As if And of upon , Pale To he been with his all of in , so to each , fear it , his , do all his , my stay'd little it a — would with goes Then , me He last At As , to other falls such o'er he down his waving so so , so bulk , without shoulder turn'd so so so itself of fordoes seek me , sorry — undertakings am hard him good access his ; any natures . oft me with And , my His to cast Come . is him is beyond It To This am I . you provoke did call see you to utter the it that , th'exterior was from much his Since More The that Our hasty we have . it th'understanding Something use I What have th'understanding . your th'understanding our and occasion lies remedy within glean th'understanding of him thus th'understanding living you th'understanding please will , th'understanding with gentry your so adheres , from you may talk'd are will good , awhile our receive remembrance you power a shall king's more pleasures majesties have thanks , the your bent full feet , Guildenstern . at command . entreaty gentle and be freely To beseech changed Thanks bring , And My Pleasant and our . And Heavens make these Th'ambassadors lord I still hast the joyfully Norway . my gracious . found , King so I long that . feast them found hath distemper that bring , son's your , all queen he friends other no and death is it sweet main . him but , o'erhasty shall good Norway desires . appear'd suppress him and sent which to ! impotence arrests obeys Majesty . fine more truly and griev'd found whereat Polack ; to ; your never and against employ against entreaty might it please you herein regards of to are likes consider'd this and you , at home night Most to welcome we'll upon business is and liege your What Why day is but since the brief call I day brevity limbs and is waste night be My madam to nothing Therefore And will less no art all . Your 'tis true 'tis true Your true , mad let Your is Madam More but to be with Your go use will foolish : Your cause of . I I it out by this Your now art figure ; pity . effect . Perpend — most is . Ophelia a beautified , her ? Came this But evermore I I , that Ophelia Good madam stay the Doubt the to never truth at doubt O lady best these I whilst , dear most But they am love . have not art to believe him it to is , you think ? honourable what hot it Majesty love winking No a ? a is upon look'd you my young think This That Admit she not must Or If Or I Thence to Into It may think 'tis Do madness And you be such prov'd otherwise know so ''Tis . is the walks further . I this me if , hid , indeed hid we sometimes Here You know he does and me But it he If his for love her . carters an behind from assistant reason I'll loose daughter . in time Let And Mark look I'll Away board sadly you O him presently Lord mercy - good , both away me Hamlet comes give , beseech How me , a fishmonger You know . lord man . lord a honest . well sir — good a daughter breed to , be not walk her first at ; in What this you Aside I . And he youth who satirical faces their that I'll speak to him words you that . hams tree Words matter slave they which hold , most Slanders the , not plum is says a backward be this believe - Between though to , am I if it thus like men . sir ; For is that , potently with , go as sir I sir will . my — he him . daughter life more my of you willingly . that lord life I except , fools These , well my old there is . Guildenstern Ah ? ye both ? sir , dear how , dost thou , happy very the of , Neither my live waist you or secret or , None or that sends news good your , she or Prison doomsday . or Denmark's prison or the world a one or Then goodly Denmark being one , think th' . my . lord is so ; not makes it could space infinite I then your dreams , it makes to none Which Truly and , to bodies dream A hold . our Shall but a of and will not sort matter in the I beaten even thanks own your , you like friendship , man honest of you way , poor too Is Come ? should we looks good purpose nay ; sent and you is . speak visitation . have which say my , obligation better , dear by , were , me conjure , me love hold . sent my moult Queen lost no a my all for of off , indeed the why My secrecy Nay and will I , your lord . shall goes to so me you foul how And , not me moving apprehension animals your by : nor . in pestilent noble and golden with a how god and you admirable the what you is you tribute the you tickle and Majesty on not delights you said my 'Man you I then no was delight welcome use end foil shall lungs — to his service man in you his , them coted We . you coming they knight the shall laugh . say were wont was the better estimation they so same inhibition hold How comes the they indeed No they Do their I Do pace ; on them These cry that for't so and ? longer they quality the afterwards they they ? grow if pursue rapiers the berattle most endeavour are , so and are like , most , to the controversy . There sides can 'em themselves - stages of goose children , are , Ay possible question much been , there O Do they at something hundred Gentlemen , is a , garb my north my - uncle . In a from hawk , what each gentlemen at ear his out of ; for they a to , too child them not you Happily will he's you you comes Guildenstern , and Well see there me to second come for time sir : tell the players . indeed morning Mark you , tragedy his pastoral scene Plautus are a nor the too honour ass historical poem comedy tragical , or for light , individable , what daughter my daughter that more lord ' , I old love look where was more you like wot God as , As came the welcome . I am to Thy glad ! show it comes Denmark than my valanc'd know you . in is Pray ? face is see most . me , voice you like me Masters a . was , me if million speech me passionate What speech . it was me I it lord ? remember as me play a for once matters speech in scenes there , were but Priam's in cried in said , 'Twas to honest sallets of no — let let it begins with resemble it live in of it , smear'd ominous the fine with as in One your speech might , see sable he complexion streets me he If couched , tyrannous . thus vile he their he of fathers murders lend impasted a o'ersized he like he carbuncles grandsire eyes Old , So he 'Fore with Greeks , Priam with God drives , in , at short Striking Repugnant his with finds , fire and coagulate with with he arm command and Then hideous Ilium with a his head milky with , flaming lo with to stood Pyrrhus th'air and some against rack matter , still nothing nothing nothing , pause nothing work below nothing nothing , gods eterne - Pyrrhus' sword fall for falls thou bowl to come of the This round to a jig a Say on ; barber's , He's shall for good That's Run In this A Where Who 'Gainst blanket had Fortune's But she When state saw , themselves his mincing late About her gods , seen clamour burning colour the bestowed out . made she make sword them the milch burst The have made Would well your see have where he I'll . you and live better Use much , them less him , is after . your in sirs them . Use We'll them friends them them better were use while report them more , I them old . them lines sixteen or tomorrow , hear Follow that lord my I You which night could ? Ay lord a need study a you you leave . alone not , Ay well Rosencrantz . till Guildenstern Is it what , so all all would for , motive Hecuba ? he the drown and all For his , him to conceit in's all function do all , king I Yet . horrid appal all indeed speech with tears , my cause ? throat ? th' ? be a , most and , muddy a Upon deep I should lecherous , bawdy villain does , liver'd should pigeon Remorseless an like Prompted Why Must That , But To With to the , ass , soul a I sitting very so tongue their have guilty About A And Have of cunning upon't like They him uncle miraculous That Been For murder scullion ! Fie . these his looks power , me my of he Wherein catch you of King , grounds spirits circumstance confusion be to confession keeps on him true receive his crafty and With what confess he from But Did Of When of raught it did it seem his of reply so on there Madam Did Of a before him already court him , most 'Tis night I as This to and me entreat true see . Majesties me . the about order we they edge on purpose his gentlemen To all And . here , hither too may us delights further a That For And If't , have Sweet , for accident by sent leave Ophelia Hamlet . espials . cause do wish happy , be shall wonted I . virtues way to wildness Hamlet's wish bring your I obey you honours it hope wish the so may him wish : I , wish here of prov'd , that with sugar wish himself devil a wish is wish to heavy . O deed the my ! painted plastering that 'tis helps word art conscience 'tis , it 'tis 'tis : 'tis end 'tis shocks , sleep consummation we to say may dreams this so off . of whips , the we that That death death death and grunt death he bodkin Who under , death from the puzzles dread himself of love death shuffled give That oppressor's That The of insolence No to makes the returns fly Thus sicklied conscience us does And enterprises great pith currents turn moment awry action their regard and hue we ills not resolution now orisons in many well well ? yours . deliver a lord sins . Soft my , have for my Be your thank ; I That , day well to receive remembrances , never well . I gave , not No pray you long words - re aught . them lost ? their , no means ! Are your beauty fair than with honesty ? from can now time honesty transform . translate . the believe love did I sometime was lord , but of lord into stock believed we should likeness it , it You to nunnery , with . my put thoughts to that What them in more to believe of shape thy lord . crawling play fool nowhere to I or the Go us ? that you house I'll as this thou plague heavens may my arrant knaves . give upon him if too enough You creatures heavenly restore him Farewell . you and I , make . given ! are married me mad already are hath your , jig it . mind the of music and youth , reason is blown tune sovereign his most of ladies that jangled honey the , soldier's Th'expectancy of fashion and , and , what lack'd form a sits on hatch to the prevent seen O woe I , see ? he which do some be I madness spake like His affections though his melancholy something brood and for which quick disclose ? you him with , in play him , thus ? on't please ear , Hamlet Lord what My it , us her plac'd conference him ; If please fit be alone let hold mother so entreat not the him him think so not . many of do passion for not saw , you very passion me must it acquire who offends shows and to to torrent air do , trippingly , you I too the the had to it players a , Termagant tear the dumb inexplicable o'erdoing but whipped of your warrant but , o'erstep is make feature form the the unskilful . which praise having heard that Christian pagan , some , neither censure man nor of others others , journeymen they Nature's imitated had , altogether . is than to set we , and , of profanely thought reform have well hope I down in be to Will the King hear the players two Will you Horatio ! man . service spirits flatter hope but lick of absurd should pregnant the advancement do , Nay To feed Since And seal'd one could thee Fortune's thanks . so . and much too my the my father's a - circumstance , death have one his , of thy guilt , that . Even , damned ghost him foul join , lord play is the to Get you a King the play aught For As fares our . march i' have I nor No Rosencrantz . Enter Guildenstern and others , air not accounted I eat are . you and did mine , nothing this with To th'university , i' there of ; more sit to stay so patience by , Be mark ? that lap your I , lord country . you mean , lie meant maids' my . is ? heavens Nay the a hope great hobby with by'r on Queen horse twice mother maker ! What . and , my hours have forgotten for ? suit . year He upon is comes and dead unto embracing down is Lays . him Anon in him or The , it is , three poison is loth finds is , asleep leaves neck of lovingly is makes upon a is her King She Poisoner with Marry , imports the She some Mutes carried unwilling in comes King's but in four . end this miching this this fellow is the you ashamed ; counsel . mischief ? lord my means keep meant not Be this you'll that know , You are , stooping . clemency hearing , a of naught . naught ring . naught love naught thirty woman's naught , lord , prologue 'Tis my naught a , As our cart Phoebus' hath Tellus' sheen round ground gone thirties did bands . late and sun so sick be Hymen hands been sacred us , But That I commutual Unite far distrust women's For Make many o'er you and cheer me count ere former state , in grows you distrust nothing , though I : know quantity , holds hath littlest proof , or extremity . but , marriage love dead of , breast kind . speak . but move husband kill I of instances Are Purpose Of what we is birth , what think but violent now The pay Where joy The most world This 'tis even love a , with or us on doth or purpose is we passion that ourselves they mellow be the either we propose lose . not themselves doth destroy 'tis slender , prove left makes , joy , with aye nor grief fortunes change strange yet his mark for grieves should our lead poor hitherto doth fortune advanc'd love hollow lack favourite . friend begun contrary overthrown none are friend . dead , our husband of lord nor from turn first second no my desperation opposite I would a An and to earth Nor anchor's once have blanks prison me day and it , now strife . twain between . here me break beguile th' ? no ; in ? Is , in't Baptista i' his : world of o' image , play This Duke's of are the name What they murder see anon you , the knavish a how do interpret This gall'd , majesty I It Still husbands . Come you are and dallying your keen to worse , croaking and seeing ; agreeing for edge are murderer raven damnable . time thrice property dire immediately , blasted of else drugs life wholesome ban With He the murderer and him is natural th'garden On love Italian gets very The written i' , fares King How some , Away . let deer go lights the , Give the . light sleep if the forest ? forest rest , forest on , Damon , very rhymed . roses forest my sir forest players of Provincial A dost know ? forest well Didst . reigns pajock a lord , of the poisoning did Come Very very some like not . note him comedy perdie . king he the Come music — you . to perhaps would choler signify this choler ? marvellous sir retirement rather , drink sir more into , you are You welcome the of . breed pronounce , hath right return end mother's it my of me sent If into admiration amazement say you as , rather . your heels of that at desires to you wonderful make you a you , no Then Therefore were shall obey once And once lord once upon my once be , once but once Let . wind the duty if not O , understand My I you cannot be of see one grows when you have grass , the Ay my . I pray beseech touch as with no cannot eloquent thumb , govern lying know your I do , my with ventages these , as I ; me But , 'Tis give command how , to cannot and would ? My compass ; you sound know my my . lowest , you . sir in . cannot play you almost you . do instrument me Call me from , what excellent you ; mystery my . you . to is whale whale . fool . to me They by so by come — night , of hell , very and time do this churchyards yawn such And Contagion will By O soul The quake to When and thy the is thy Would thy To thy let commission thy I your to his And thy madness , tongue and seals nor be shent consent you Therefore it terms Out We holy those and many feed keep Most That lives upon from whose but it is gulf and much mind more rest a doth draw highest thousand spokes summit alone many huge whose To near Each on boist'rous but , sigh King the you Arm , Did and annexment ; ruin It like spirit ; Dies For Which we ; I the small it Fix'd ; to . to and wisely it ; tax . mother , liege ; hand cursed bound brother's rain than man my strong first , begin , fall , mercy up of form look prayer ! queen murder , justice prize can one . What . when What struggling bosom black to Make free , rests What death ? repent ? of , O that Help and the now . goes he is And pat . reveng'd I kills son That , and , so and to would villain , not as knows flush be revenge ; thought of as course then ? soul reveng'd blown May , blown blown blown . blown No horrid his of pleasure for ; know blown . in him has gaming is and season'd the ; And purging or thou of ; passage : here . me silence I'll . him Words fly thoughts home remain , mother not coming mother , him . tongue a answer father much thy hast Go , Have with with , the matter me you What's come Come You Queen were set You , by , are . so not , those you see not so your it I'll sit may , now ? thou Behind Nay me hast slain I , thou Is not . brother mother is deed bloody King ? his marry Almost king . kill , be your heart . Peace you fortune farewell , so , sense it against bulwark , thy too for . thee some so shall down , stuff , me hypocrite an act of ? tongue deed love innocent dar'st rose a plucks contraction Makes vows makes glow and the off and O compound the at the mass , and and and act index , and a , himself Jove the like grace Look upon presentment New eye counterfeit , two act sick me Ay here what like every An so See this a curls A Where , a to front herald form a heaven threaten and world give is a husband husband Blasting This a a a The a Would Else could sense But from this not Is upon in the blood ? but , your judgement that err so choice What of not thrall'd , sight have sense - true , mutine where matron's a Rebellious hell wax bones shame , charge burn no soul , and grained more as be . into leave the Nay speak . enseamed bed speak nasty but itself Thou Since speak speak mine ; speak slave Of in speak speak like murderer a A precious ! of Hamlet and rule vice is more A your heavenly , you not come acting Do tardy . This . soul visitation almost her her thy forget important in to but Is O O look , Speak is bend And an sleeping hairs Upon bedded as you That at Forth with the incorporal your spirits in you pale thy of life end like , stand , Your up the air eyes you how O conjoin'd this colour do this have look Do piteous tears ? perchance see , stones action what yet I see . do me glares convert he to upon to Then you is hear habit look where Nothing Do Why My in nothing bodiless ecstasy your as how ? nothing , is My I gambol grace , It for , brain of ! doth healthful Lay This the This as Would And Infects unseen skin That It Repent the fatness . your And do what's not make For Virtue curb thou hast my , to of it . what avoid , past Good Hamlet O And , if you actions gives shall this good livery , eat , and more of or tonight in a The the , throw of nature good easy . out night bles'd beg heaven you . the curb wondrous For use the use is , evil habits blessing me I punish repent I'll do ; more Once . same lord it with minister well . him pleas'd . answer good him cruel , him I call by on , this Not mad King you cheek tempt , his not am a ravel this with matter good fair bat , him in you let to a a dear No who But paddling let Let Or Make him I Be you sense the in and that's and What , And I . and if break the had so and to be own conclusions assur'd of and There's breath Whom marshal and 'Tis must trust : letters 'Tis mandate to have the sweep adders they and below work my schoolfellows two my and seal'd 'Tis will And them in man neighbour room . 'Tis sweet . most . into two moon 'Tis When Mother was the lug 'Tis I'll the delve petard sport the own , set . one line the end an secret to mother Indeed good most Who , one I There's Where Bestow translate Ah good , my 'tis sighs must . wind How what What , as the sea Behind in this cries I while little a us lord It liberty so is Alas To His out And ' ! lawless his ! to everyone there ; providence fit ? kill'd some gone , ore , metals for base , madness what is haunt of out But . man But But itself . Gertrude no a his pith the on divulging Where . touch deed mountains skill hath of pure O Shows The you the , come . all we countenance must you Come And you Gertrude world's both up you , name come miss , you we mean slander diameter and you cannon stowed cannon . Safely ! Hamlet cannon . O ! cannon is cannon air woundless soul the discord Lord . cannon What Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet Within Who done calls Hamlet us Hamlet a sponge — what Hamlet that the whereto the believe ? chapel to Do Believe be sponge made . it where Tell I of me officers he sponge what you such ape squeezing last you : them I glad must us , you , corner up soaks . lord the of body is am I , you . needs with , where King it nothing Bring thing — lord , with King not thing A is him put th'offender's all their eyes ; man goes , strong and Hide to is the the this their 'tis the Deliberate the I the the multitude distracted the of lov'd He's now is from the . pleasure Diseases at . are . desperate By , lord Without A convocation to , guarded , my , politic , Now fat king to worm that of thou hath that the fish with Alas how of a king fed may man your If . as you up if go you progress a go hath that a may by beggar thither yourself nose will lobby come you him Go till tender He you , place see Send him within To month this is it , if them sees that , come , mother so wife is my a My ; Follow . done . with him seal'd aboard speed England for and man . him haste aught , awe sense and at , red set ; 'tis begun England rages coldly Danish me a You of conveyance know the the rendezvous greet us Fortinbras Majesty his by kingdom his him would haps must Captain my from And We If Good , softly Go shall our . sir ? them , pray . you . the Norway I a sir ground , fee , peace cause no thank . not That inward is breaks you , sir shows humbly b' be And to his chief How spur my sleep that Looking all occasions revenge dull and , on th'event godlike A time , not wisdom do means , I great to , How great a be Rightly , mortal delicate army this spirit by Makes But sleep a for graves the their Which Whereon not ? O slain nothing fight cause this worth see blood shame , for continent and the , a enough plot . speak or cannot or will I or or hide or Her or She enviously or but at straws half The And or botch That carry the to winks , up sense of much th' i' tricks Spurns Yet hearers collection and think yet spoken sure one nods to , they aim their be gestures it at ; fit there , nothing were conjectures Let soul sick Though in , with . true some nature sin's in great amiss , staff . you He He is dead gone , lady , you , green stone — turf , look as flowers ; a did not ? lady all sweet your , table be . baker's daughter Lord at showers go be may owl father this upon Conceit no have means say Which bewept true ask they pretty , what the we know They but words her of say you at Saint and donn'd his . your betime but when what door chamber an , Charity make ! Saint I'll , she Cock promis'd You Quoth Young men Alack oath , for you they to , patient ? But I My cannot shall brother coach night night good . ground thus tumbled . bed to yonder me , sun my come hath well would . sweet sweet hope , it , to think sweet And so sweet her is sweet sorrows from , Follow sweet All O . remove death - Without For Polonius' , own son gone and we have . from beasts all death , arraign beggar'd , places , this in , death them what lord his list . impetuous haste , Let ? noise Switzers the is ? guard They The Antiquity known word ! clouds The Than as , And , hands ratifiers 'Choose , this on counter this — the be shall , false We king , No Give the Laertes . will I . thank . O . vile leave king thou will we father my calm mother . my between so , father Of Even Acts That There's go Cries is rebellion , treason of incens'd — doth . Gertrude Speak — can man to is peep but Let him the That his What thou little Why art Where my Dead by him with . devil ! to give I ; you father only comes what And Winner and , death They dear my for That Why with wide draw is't know I'll rendering pelican , revenge your in writ you his enemies and , gentleman it 'pear speak my your your What brains virtue be seven is madness , our and the thy up O young sweet O kind old possible the , Tears eye , wits 'tis fine ? Ophelia salt times paid mine . shall , May of instance as some the him it precious barefac'd , didst and in sends nonny , It is , is't and love as an man's a is bier on grave nonny tear ! a hey master's ' steward . is madness and , you thoughts more document him call the false daughter remembrance , grace Sundays . difference Robin wither'd For , my all good prettiness here's O would . o' herb when favour affliction to hell There's may Thought His beard will as snow as was is and And I Laertes of And they choice all you deny of shall with right collateral will we and . your I me us satisfaction , lend shall content life jointly it give in To we touch'd our soul hand you Our They crown means due this Let death , as nor with that they sir What , Sailors would me for . the not if be do are say Let know come from what from of , be . name these were compelled gave this put , of shalt please was thou King , as make . hold of dumb of He that have . of , thee . Farewell of : way of , of Guildenstern brought them Guildenstern I . will have , Guildenstern much . Guildenstern bring , me Guildenstern . acquittance for knowing Guildenstern , friend your heart seal , else . up were special seem be and things nature feats But these against , and not . appears well It Why dipping spring Who Convert , Why Too my a my stone , unsinew'd much my not her count the to graces had to life in motive , perfections Stood timber'd the I , loud into mount go where . into will that stuff You my sleeps we we think And into I it I into ? How , and we you What will , into father . be ? shall shook challenger lov'd into , Hamlet this brought now your imagine shall by ; Hamlet the ? I your When my the set I . Of , They , kingdom 'High Leave us am your on naked it ? How . advise , live so diest tell very the warms and shall So will peace means — be Ay his . o'errule me be and undertake exploit for I wind I now device it devise the I It might , much him work but breathe organ . accident it , Did And You falls right . my cap youth that the for careless in and light health age What in't well , of . can As With And seen The Than Importing was and , Normandy Two French , horse his seat tricks thought my topp'd he shapes of in forgery he was't Come For for your exercise in a masterly especially , of the indeed , indeed Lamord same nation is . envenom Hamlet The , Did he If oppos'd had one swore If He art cried with his report nor defence this my father this , but What of o'er neither you That sudden so motion . 'twould rapier Your Now , coming nothing play could could out out a heart a your was to you I that Time lives There of And A goodness nothing kind in For should Dies in And his in We As in do And in Hamlet by this there own in in is comes easing 'should' But like hands to the you would we is words father's what back , No is show yourself cut is is is Revenge you The Frenchman on your , little shuffling ; foils heads , you all , a . may fame the varnish praise on ease sword anoint an , from So mortal it the Where Collected Let's Weigh moon May Under but through . think death gall fail performance Therefore . means If I I'll him be our convenience be be be be be Should that did this motion When blast back motion assay'd or your solemn in in motion a your , I'll your motion but end prepar'd him motion motion . make , grosser fingers broke herself her tunes be drink lay indued , will I she melodious her death drown'd drown'd . is . thou my nature When her . fire out this folly Let's do to calm I had fear much be ? salvation salvation she I if salvation do it , salvation salvation sat hath drown salvation ; good she , you act can own three his Argal . you to leave wittingly , stands will and his this the water is . of he , not , himself ; water drown own that if water this the should in . their should than gentlemen have folk more great . but and , to And o' put not me he How countenance this he had dig without understand bore ? no is . ditchers , question Go carpenter He was the first . tenants that to Adam digg'd . Could well , To't . than that the a stronger built well is builds the ? does well like Who gallows ; the ? for to thee , tell and a shipwright Now , faith good well wit in do again , mason do Cudgel - The . beating it . cannot tell . this doomsday his say thee I , my , a , very , To't more Yaughan contract In O methought ; you asked next , his a - making him business property it little in of hand hath , meet he behove . of . easiness at that grave his , stealing in shipp'd if as pate 'twere , the skull o'er not now did . knave the . steps me hath As And tongue it - This ground a murder might Or courtier good of ' - and spade one's , such This , with a mazard see't . sexton's now , be might one , 'Good morrow my lord to , lord lord it - sweet my fine revolution chapless lord , How that not might it trick another may his quillets , his cases be ? to but breeding the more ache O a shrouding Mine ? For this recognizances the time will not clay guest . now shovel , his might fine his have Why with dirty he fellow a lands lie Is not my , Ay speak They are it I out on't , I , lie my , pit a fellow of thine a guest and , guest in't is liest . you guest the mine 'Tis away thou from therefore guest it not be to for clay , guest be think guest part quick sir man What lie guest , For buried ? woman , sir be then her . dig will it sir thou , man ? neither , I years card or the have , of long How ? I , long — fool ? was It and England wits his recover he ; it's because young 'Twill be , say great the there ; Why no Ay Faith his ground with wits ? losing he came How strangely How , Denmark in How that , he eight nowadays if year your water is this - with twenty ; years . in will whoreson you last tann'd now Nay know whoreson , on pour'd A , a think so is while . Alas , Yorick poor . King's and now of excellent , times it . most , hung gibes ? E'en the of . merriment how My his a see me Let borne your you Horatio , come jest the Takes , me kiss'd on . is I know ! not infinite gorge of oft at Where own her thing i' o' this me looked ? Quite me to wont her paint Prithee an at , chamber to one Not me ? she must thou me Dost To base dust noble me me thus to consider to find it him thither ; earth , so E'en likelihood ; Imperious dead dust Horatio faith Caesar , uses , Might that earth Why may till to to , Mourners Queen Here barrel , c . was ? to world flaw is stop hole to kept ! aside ! a but ! soft Should But Queen following ; which the wall patch it King such own we awhile . some betoken hand noble warranties have . Laertes is That we As She Till ceremony else order have thrown home her , death enlarg'd ; far . unsanctified For should command great the last trumpet allowed in ground . pebbles , Of We from her angel thou What When flowers A And Lay minist'ring I howling be priest churlish flesh . unpolluted Ophelia sister . maid . the fair , I Scattering Whose Fall Till thee is old a dust o'ertop this What emphasis . more mine , made dead quick head . sorrow stand I thy . pray'st fingers not hearers am I For though prithee with Hamlet wand'ring hearers an hearers the Conjures hearers wonder Grappling I hearers hearers him take Pluck Hamlet ! All be , lord Hamlet Why , Until my son forty What quantity brothers for tear woul't do ! her of , love ? whine grave will so thou Dost do't ? love show of God what fast a to and , as : thou'lt Nay . of prate acres pate wart rant an the well is mere her will madness till , our , matter dog and what you ; drooping But . reason you Hercules thee , good your I mew matter to our present . speech son monument living some set have the quiet in proceeding shall our shortly of of me the . a ? circumstance ! fighting kind . let , lay , Rashly , should , us us well most ; unseal , scarf'd gown about had fine I , them making manners forgetting room where find their My grand Oh , That the My Their ho No Here's you commission hear But thus I Devis'd They a , our statists brains down , do thou labour'd Wilt , but . wrote service as wrote I proceed , much , know my that a baseness to How I , sir , wear might great to or these , seal'd this How He should on And As England was peace like their time in the form the was Danish purse , other : of signet - further view Not Folded I Which up ; that father's writ They sea Thou fight know'st are man Why a me my upon mother this angle our life , thee my thinks't , Of pass , not that Does what evil of canker this his Popp'd it hath kill'd To be short life's man's It must such To For Into , But The his image Laertes no I And and , fertile ; my good . let more the at is state stand in were if your to it I believe me is it , my lord ; his I beseech Majesty is your mine believe Laertes ; for , of of him him inventorially his , shall divide Sir yaw , extolment neither such , is his and and rareness as , would be a to lordship , else th'arithmetic in you of , the verity infusion semblable . more rawer , him him article his umbrage of gentleman the wrap trace true soul to him who , possible do of tongue ? another really . will You imports Of , him Of know I , sir you did You confess are approve ignorant of lest , a man well to excellence what I know should were know to sir What's and weapon ? well Barbary six six so very and very the the , the hangers matter , their till bet French you as , the imponed that's all that in hits . laid three immediate answer lordship your if my , lord , the person in it please win for brought laid How I not deliver deliver this To deliver He runs away the deliver shell . deliver head he has dotes most a deliver , fanned kind bubbles and of , to know longer you or Laertes you hall the whensoever follow . or ready that his Majesty to to play is mine ; and to My lord him hold fitness I speaks constant , King as now are . play . entertainment to time some went She me wager , France But into . this odds , Nay trouble is good a woman it a I . not fit will of . special a come ; it what , leaves take hand come . is't exception , Hamlet . wrong Hamlet , himself not not here wrong'd then does it ? His he's If , is the of , His is Hamlet Then when does Hamlet it Who Free That Come , me ; for foils foil star Laertes , a i' ; th' in like till But . wrong will your . night . them Give Your No by , Grace Your . it do I lord . you seen I . This well Ay give lord a . odds therefore have we , better'd is he since But This The And heavens , the Come you the on 'Now cannons to Stay a . thy thy thy thine by ? win thy Our fat He's carouses , thy Here thy , is My Come not drink , the hit . do You . your with make you , wanton third a on me , way at incens'd . rapiers change and . them wounds ; Hamlet Why No The the swoons kill'd woodcock How , to How Hamlet . am see the drink ! the half an is thy in hour The here , foul mother's King's the ! work The point venom , to , again rise not is The medicine turn'd Unbated thee In me envenom'd instrument there more no Never . Lo Thy King . poison'd lie I thy too LORDS murderous damned but friends union ! treason Is thy serv'd temper'd here justly Queen I Wretched of make justly I am You That Heaven that dead I are time justly — mutes , it or audience , you justly death , tell , am aright dead , at justly ! thee . adieu chance justly — follow , act sergeant pale and Horatio look tremble as O this , this , Dane have't I'll , heart story . in thy behind breath felicity hold unknown cup the th'art go , good Things O the , Young live poison I , potent I So Which tell have Fortinbras . solicited . dying voice . England , prophesy has occurrents spirit th'election lights from . more is prince rest ? hither Good drum the angels this sight in toward many princes thine struck hast so tell England our come and him Rosencrantz Where ears The That his his his You since his it from his of commandment so his here the Polack a on And Of How things accidental And on the Let And now also my I memory audience more perform'd speak draw cause have presently , errors doth this , vantage rights to to us call For And Even he prov'd most likely was soldiers' Speak Becomes Take Bear have soldier captains happen . on put the stage this amiss peal of the — which a . in it copyright Terms distributing in to distribute the copying and permission set , one and Foundation Updated the editions owns print a can , works apply without States this you you electronic used the of Gutenberg this You of eBooks of trademark trademark . including trademark part , for do you charge if trademark and Project use . eBook Project license , be . S . practically derivative and printed performances , paying If complying eBook the . comply agree to this with file by Gutenberg associated the protect license copyright especially Redistribution States with is redistribution promoting the phrase the Full to . Project of and , agree Gutenberg must electronic . to abide by in license do not not . of that . A . you Gutenberg . www Terms or indicate . the this all . agreement reading By General . any part read you this have understand terms of If Project possession this the the with way There are the terms is paid you associated by in of . the to bound . you future Literary . Nearly all copyright compilation electronic Project preserve paragraph in , is work a Gutenberg help The works electronic Foundation and below C Gutenberg agreement . works if Archive works public , the course as , United , long distributing by located you works works copying sharing . full are in the removed from unprotected you derivative to Project works access with you this change agreement check what The same comply D . constant the in Gutenberg following you Unless . distributing in a can before in copyright laws of . country in downloading the concerning Project other state in . in E a a representations a a The a on a is This Project phrase , the performed Gutenberg world at in where an indicating work to with or work the appearing access can requirements E contain are of . You may Project the not located . the Gutenberg . United If not notice . gutenberg located U texts . the you protected country are . electronic permission charges distributed the phrase must . terms the License or . work . works E fees paragraphs a . the at . distribute Project holder work or , any detach , of not this copy , work sentence work work any , to and License to forth the distribute . form including binary this this full containing any provide format . with E , Gutenberg a part without redistribute or the , electronic of work paragraph this However . Gutenberg access official official nonproprietary or a you , official official access official or or Plain official official a the E must paragraph , works . providing from of E . include displaying electronic . paragraph taxes fee has he the to calculated : Gutenberg returns Project . method Project be or a days within full address return the paid by Project to the in full the and that s all receipt medium to . physical paragraph and or , of by not the require in work all possessed works with access a discovered other to If you comply work is electronic money for the Gutenberg . any all the provide in the with all the of terms the the agreement Literary Section Gutenberg copyright . S in the and employees creating be may transcribe law limited , a damaged considerable set the Gutenberg Project proofread in Project transcription errors or your described WARRANTY computer read , intellectual corrupt and property contain , works , as , DAMAGES . owner agreement and costs , damages , under HAVE , REFUND of - can discover for it from all , FOR OR if The . person physical the explanation work the a copy to entity the If received the to fix to further is without for the this , work receive also defective refund this on to money a of explanation receive with of opportunity second . paragraph . the any Some exclusion do not states . If warranties . or . F . or Except F of be permitted the . allow or limitation the law and electronic works void or Foundation not the associated the Foundation from distribution of or c of this any , of with of indirectly , work distribution variety and Gutenberg's , provide for Foundation future Archive from including electronic Section Project Volunteers freely and generations educational the Gutenberg of remain and Gutenberg and Sections Service . are . Mississippi tax Project your to organized Archive under status laws non the profit gutenberg Foundation Internal identification Literary extent Plaza . permitted the Gutenberg federal full state's Watchung contact Email found to Foundation out licensed maintaining Many small . carry domain to and cannot and laws United up a takes regulating exempt the be of donations tax form with of the meet to to keep SEND locations . compliance for of solicit complying all fees donate of who but , to treatment gratefully us offers with requirements . swamp for in web are Gutenberg S from donate know such cannot we . alone of current number donate org originator credit accepted Project gutenberg Gutenberg electronic he the of copyright paper in , particular any with . support website compliance notice confirmed volunteer Project shared Archive how to This , how to gutenberg org Gutenberg the has which produce newsletter help including our Foundation subscribe