, Stand Stand Stand . Stand bitter Stand your to heart Stand am you had sick . 'Tis Get Stand struck Stand You hour . cold , Who . of you them hear Friends I The I think my farewell , Barnardo honest good , who good Marcellus . him fantasy seen have says will 'tis watch not That again of minutes sight let belief the eyes our us With Where thee In it art Looks like not spoke , be me to Horatio it Question . would thou It Together In ! speak , this ! What ! Horatio and something ! mine the ! not more you ! not now ! God Is Thus twice once When I ; that land the war he our opinion . this gone work to some the down now But Good In , Why not foreign And strange same nightly toils and tell and Sunday the toward that goes least At Doth vanquisher Had to the our inheritance carriage . mettle of list ; recover doth terms to father But As That hath by Of For food it mote was A little and to is most In A the think Comes I armed the our sort it may Well The Did As stars Upon And even And Was almost influence sun the , preceding precurse the Speak , soft Unto heaven omen Lo together countrymen on ! thy oft and , it it with Stay . in hast , For , strike at if , it We gone being show of ! 'Tis 'Tis wrong it air , 'Tis do offer about was to a day of his , fearful started summons and and shrill in erring And probation . hies his to spirit ever , wholesome hath gracious power planets no dare night of made herein truth of the ; to strike time abroad , clad , hill eastward by seen dumb Do , our , do't I him and shall , Voltemand kingdom . know us gone thanks Fortinbras all which . that Holding Or Our Lost Now To by our Of , this further His , gait his you we here all levies . scope you is't to thou to native be is That now Laertes speak What instrumental of wouldst throne more more of of that , In We doubt To And I wishes leave wrung ; my last at ? and pardon . Polonius slow leave ; came done duty toward petition graces , do I Aside . And it is Not , like with thy . the . you the I am clouds nighted much ? a vailed that off Denmark in lives dust must . common , is my inky customary not Thou 'Tis Nor windy suits suspiration nor the For That But These I denote the fruitful of of cloak , forc'd river that and that the passeth . moods solemn it in haviour These the the , breath black , visage eye , of , is impatient heaven But , and some , survivor term the a father a mind a simple we should heart against the reason death From ' . pray that who , a fault to sense to opposition peevish , common as unschool'd and , common fault heaven , think and We he to nobility . in For dearest which going In As of This be ; school to retrograde is impart that Than in And courtier mother us shall Be gentle as ourself to Here Our Let I jocund This No ; the speaking too King's health that shall Denmark Sits And the my to thunder this resolve Everlasting slaughter uses Oh ! to me , Fie That His on't seed . excellent dead ; a he Possess But canon it grows two to As think her remember too of increase beteem . would , thy name , she little which month on't — followed — that ere Frailty ; on ? Why tears . what me not By fed A , to for Hail ! I hold to sheets speed incestuous cannot it most heart not With She left the O dexterity Horatio my good ; friend with : you I But from name servant my do I or , And , lord , Wittenberg ever . sir , Wittenberg . report ; own so . your funeral father's your student . your ere deep to your me see my your your drink came I your your prithee My We'll your lord Thrift , furnish had , Or ever father coldly had I Did saw once In my mind's eye , was for him ; he all a . in him saw his ? your , watch hear these This Upon With an of middle and waste encounter'd dead and at point before Appears Goes Two Been In Armed thus slow his to truncheon's them by the stately dreadful kept night deliver'd word made both true ; good the to But where we it speak ; It , I not upon you My to made it head as , it and it 'Tis our true ; address methought did : none , the sound at even lifted the like crew loud would , lord watch and . you foot What look'd he he not you , wore his , Then my countenance in more or fix'd Nay , eyes had And very ? you grizzled I was sable walk watch A as silver'd have was will should pray I hell it you though peace conceal'd your shall this ye . I Upon requite whatsoever have bid will Give visit So else in my , eleven 'twixt understanding tenable be And to to you your duty Our loves Your I some still foul play sit the all But Do a not perfume and the fashion the youth , primy of from hear , assistant let convoy , it in Hold Forward a sweet suppliance No , A more so more but For He voice the and of unvalu'd subject is his no withal now The His Carve may he of , his ; he you besmirch it goes songs treasure may . whole choice if body circumscrib'd that he he believe and is honour no to says ; open desire , youth spring . liquid buttons calumnious of be fear . near , reckless way pastors But some as a primrose And in the There for is a Aboard shoulder , thy memory blessing . precepts you . with your , leave double father tongue vulgar . being act his by but Give , familiar character few . them do unto Grapple each Of Nor hast , and friends not hatch'd , but but ear thy each Take For Neither loan a of And Are not they But express'd in , can not rich thy proclaims the and the thine above And This And must canst dulls oft of select : blessing season my be follow to borrowing it Farewell Thou , have shall Farewell keep servants , Hamlet . to you yourself bounteous me , many your so yourself and , 'tis oft . truth made like as you I should baby a fool phrase , me of me I . catch to , given With almost tongue light more Giving Lends , Ay must Be Even You in Than Set Believe so command to entreatments promise your your that For may they , forth show brokers walk Ophelia suits unholy and This terms dye vows ; talk you air it is my any obey very . air lord of lacks is twelve season the . walk lord ; rouse thus of draughts his drum triumph of a The The They This traduc'd addition and marrow though drunkards us and of with attribute . particular nature are they of perform'd in of our wherein vicious birth Since their their in Oft nature By some , the , that some complexion o'erleavens ; reason — as grace , censure of , men these as may — much forts man and ; man too that man man man dram of The man . scandal fault the particular the in man that man To lord thy to thee or a blasts goblin ! steel , mean this What again in sepulchre may jaws , of , shake our reaches ? Wherefore and our souls of we the beyond So night horridly is this beckons you go of ! fools disposition we ? should ? desire did . impartment more removed will , be lord the ? at a . I follow means no It life Why do waves me life toward base your assume deprive life there o'er might if And life Which The life life life That life And puts , many hears it on It very shall . follow , still me I'll not your My as hardy I . of , I'll me him issue thus the rotten is after Something Speak thou me hour My sulph'rous I When almost go no . tormenting come , poor , but what am I thou am a And Doom'd Till thy Would Make ears If Like quills this To Thy eternal ever God dear his know't the thoughts , as unnatural , thy Murder , and best I meditation or in foul foul strange the most Murder Haste Rankly by a me not ease be find in apt fat , orchard death thy thou noble father's , know wears Now serpent The A 'Tis Wouldst out ; forged but O , incestuous wit , his that , and ! of that . vow queen was there shameful lust have , gifts dignity , traitorous gifts beast gifts the power gifts gifts gifts — virtuous gifts gifts gifts falling love in hand in a a what , me , hand a whose to it went a her wretch a a a Brief a soft Will itself . a custom my juice And ! let a The natural such in Upon leperous Holds And Of No reckoning made , my all With of of of Let thou If of mother ; nor of thy her to lodge heaven soul of act bosom her thee to of , of contrive else What . fire O ! O And O shall But you I And And and 'gins , heaven , all wipe , all books That youth commandment all and thy baser and volume . matter pernicious smiling ! damned I villain O the book from poor ghost , the forms of Remember my memory all , fond records , pressures ; heaven ! down a villain , Denmark ; ' my so it Yes , lord bird ? lord ! my my , boy lord you'll Not , wonderful my Good No no ghost , my this come the : you all , part and point , part poor desire my pray business every it Such You your fit tell i' the lord us you we I'll ; tell here between let that what you O'ermaster't as honest an your you one , too offence I'm There's , Patrick my , ghost to poor , is , us now And . friends . will . MARCELLUS will . lord but my my , I have upon Indeed Come boy on thou this , sayst swear , the this . we'll Come your ? hither of Hic speak , pioner Once day said Swear Beneath ! night and , stranger Canst speak lay hands that fast strange . work mole old O as , How As As Or 'Well That to such Beneath , do May God we 'If So Or ambiguous know And That time The your shall love do lack his a . us go you ; you is in lips O set do , good . these make Reynaldo . it Look in question more nearer distant 'twere your know encompassment at , do they By Take Than And That company — in As And you as his father you do him' But What But , Faith The flash and A But Of in general good — this . lord drift fetch here's is these thing laying a , it , sir , my you in , converse seen the prenominate you , you son warrant my of i' th' him little soil'd a ever According ' or with Having party closes in The Your He , sir He then was he with At At 'closes you , There 'I There or saw out with : and there such or ; t'other or . of or so forth carp of out not ? I have . by my God wi' , You former my My b' son of a , Shall his let ply his , lord music . matter ? ankle foul'd affrighted the what's , been in as his knocking of purport thy , been a shirt , his as lord , by He last At As And thrice would his My Then And And me He he He it with o' bended their shoulder turn'd his all his over went his find doors violent to , heaven undertakings — sorry words under of light without will ecstasy me , late did am hard any natures given him passion our ; his to but lord good meant It To More must lack be known to seems And had am sorry hath with . thee as beshrew did judgement and the go being hate Rosencrantz and Guildenstern provoke have so you , man it heard should , hath himself thus it I that brought entreat up you both , him with of . of than being so Some To draw from as aught us unknown , lies afflicts our hath he , talk'd it living , of will good and time two to to occasion you and companies gather glean to by rest so pleasures here , on him little open'd I , much . gentlemen am he show expend fits receive a to Your your you majesties entreaty pleasures sovereign Both have Might both service lay our Rosencrantz To To and instantly gentlemen our Guildenstern . Rosencrantz at you beseech son . changed much Thanks , Heavens and , Norway from Th'ambassadors Have I , my my hast amen return'd good news Assure as , duty been my my of have I so sure found : soul hold I , of . the you father trail to us'd not the think very hath The Hunts As speak it My news shall them to your that he distemper son's all and death Well doubt it no . him suppress Norway brother , joy the in against uncle and your more , pass safety set down us It time ; we'll give to regards commission , crowns , old him Gives entreaty for to herein against before you therein your please well upon think Through Answer more at we'll . business - time , More Madam true 'tis will A : I is he And let Mad Or say , find us , I him out we . and defect remains thus . by this for cause of use effect now this , surmise mark is mine beautified is — her hear 'beautified' ? vile be reckon love I numbers O whilst my out What But you given by how do a fain hath she this had When As Before If given my Or not Hamlet look'd you And 'Lord must might Which done Admit be mistress ? young he Thence to Thence Into into , to watch , a fast to my gave . star thy tokens weakness , that ' this , You How does in Here he the walks lobby he know may sometimes we Within the it an behind I'll loose But Away I'll try look try How him do . O you beseech good try wretch try comes try will sadly try the try poor Hamlet are Lord try , I my presently board Then I you Do would were honest so a is to kissing good man picked goes be For the sun walk How . I'll truly Words speak by daughter in that the I Between , him youth my I suffered words the slave they , says read plentiful wrinkled ? who lord wit ? powerfully thick men and you . lord — and sometimes reason leave my I on How which daughter . part . you life willingly . and leave will and will his more my I take him between my life that These well old fools . you Lord ! lord honoured My most thou do dost how the , lads ! are not are we we shoe How dear children friends children lord children of ye children the cap children of not children she children children . lord in privates ? Fortune waist the news most ? that good true grown deserved , wards . worst lord my , there either . a too so to makes thinking 'tis , then one not so 'tis me it . To it that one makes merely itself the dream A beggars and Truly beggars' dreams I hold we wait honest an will . Shall our bodies Then are ROSENCRANTZ not you sort , you lord , with , friendship , it come , me should Is say . You sent . Come we good the know colour of kind to anything What your my it am friends Is . must , preserved But the love even and me what youth conjure , which and your ? lord my let and . eye an have I you . me you love sent . were off lord so ; my we . feather prevent no my to so Queen , know indeed and secrecy exercises ; the King My I not why , me look a work roof air fretted to of this excellent wherefore to you I late of other appears firmament in quintessence like of the , frame this most canopy thing in majestical goes with , sterile with promontory why , this golden express noble like yet no to , me seem you there , Why the me of shall not the the sigh shall shall lady and think , hither are shall knight laugh they coming the gratis plays that ; king shall adventurous , whose , his and foil humorous shall What shall delight — in late I when did they estimation the to wont chances How I think comes ways followed they they Do ? Do Do Do aerie and Do endeavour Do keeps little Do children of Do the that so 'em can longer are they , there for argument to unless them tarre has them means should they if afterwards most do much ? the player sides was about . do controversy poet has throwing , O , that , him ducats picture , lived natural , it for apiece out his my of you appurtenance , Gentlemen , outward . welcome fairly are mad baby Guildenstern with west what my north but north he's you will lord : comes there you come is not to them an is — indeed they say man Rome ass , When my lord Roscius , history historical , tragedy pastoral scene are the - pastoral nor too tragical — either , historical historical the treasure heavy , my treasure hadst thou loved th' well . that , by follows pass God wot have a not follows my ? look was me like chanson my the me me . me By'r Com'st good welcome are me , and you me last mistress thee last me ! by me , gold the altitude welcome uncurrent We'll e'en speech it cried but ? lord , speech for . I it never I , as the down top with phrase in that , thereabout he resemble he he , sons he , the gules dismal with he a eyes With And he he he 'Fore with with God with with with Old thus with with with lord , Rebellious at Pyrrhus But with to to prisoner Takes So nothing Aroused nothing vengeance As hush the nothing less Mars's With Out , nothing take nothing ! proof hammers - nothing fall work nothing still below rack the and the nothing new a on after Pyrrhus' on on bleeding All her fellies too on beard nave and on falls Now on Fortune strumpet , down the fiends on the spokes to long on low come , a ; come a come for to With come barefoot come Run up rheum lank About blanket , come if come bisson the come good late A 'Gainst But In Unless made things , well will used ; he has , lord My , man , death you are were have thee players they for your After bodikin will Use I , should less they Dost hear me ha't sixteen or dozen night , a . and , to . leave Elsinore not , in't insert mock . you . I am I Now slave to a so O what , a monstrous eyes , and his whole And distraction , Hecuba ? so his Hecuba would to all function nothing , visage for in's his dream in that a fiction from her voice A With forms broken Hecuba I And That That What's Had Confound A John dull very - cleave have the the the faculties a and say nothing property , my pate my dear not unpregnant mettled eyes and most . Am I , No dreams . Upon defeat whose me was and my the the as 'Swounds But Ha As ! With treacherous . Bloody , the , Why Must , And Have Been though Play Before him something . I'll . shape be know mine They have proclaim'd soul their no have , will ; speak blench seen power perhaps , And why harshly turbulent confess he feels will him a with we Of Nor he Did Most much bring true to . state madness aloof , any him assay you , on To - And there did it I , beseech'd hear me night to in they him to it and a much see play And To further to my , on so ; heart of their by for accident espials , Ophelia myself 'twere Affront and ourselves he have Gertrude , father That For I And Hamlet's good wildness : him beauties be the , you . or no , unseen shall , he him his for . may so it — here Ophelia bring Madam To , How harlot's that plastering helps thing my devotion's that oft blame may exercise to Read on , art . too true give ! speech beautied Let's to O . to troubles Let's , sea thousand to of outrageous Let's natural say Let's , shocks consummation the die , a the rub , Let's Let's , Let's Let's come . coil , sleep respect , mortal , sleep we For give have When Must The oppressor's The But that grunt fly Thus Than to does make pale pith currents moment of hue the of thought , of this Be ! their regard Ophelia all my sins of action fair The How your thank does humbly My honour well , well - them , lost compos'd breath perfume my for , the mind their so noble honesty honest you . lord ! My and be truly is his Ay Could it into what did likeness , Indeed did did should You did did to proof did lord , relish did be . did old , Go ways thy between us shape of none I offences give my at crawling . Farewell may play thou . Be not escape them sweet . lord my upon help marry , nunnery a to fool for wise thou , ice dost I'll as snow . thee know , well go yourselves face , and of your make and , I'll nickname more ; will have live , what soldier's glass , God's more marriages paintings another you lisp . Go T'have most what most . most Love what most madness There's lack'd something sits it not most a in form most and for the which do danger melancholy on most hatch quick , in doubt some most it down : though affections And For Thus set This beating in him thus , expel his you ? heart on't , grief Hamlet now his , Ophelia do I said believe yet as entreat him him with please go not so ; him best It in be queen mother fit us round , be . plac'd grief I'll Of To the . if - crier pray it , as , you I , But speech hand soul the noise , to part would , rags to Herods out - warrant Pray . your you . honour for but of inexplicable o'erdoing it your , be discretion own your word not of to . her scorn unskilful the own her the off make form feature is the and though ; others of of others heard theatre the that , pagan whole neither , grieve , and the a judicious the seen play the — the it his the censure the , O the had have the praise the , imitated so accent having and strutted of humanity some down to the set is it hope O more be the Bid Will the And How Queen Will ROSENCRANTZ will , Horatio ! at your e'en as thou conversation my sweet , what For That one That Whose As Where To and To That my is ta'en In I There As comes do scene have comes Observe And Vulcan's I comes And As comes comes comes comes It mine will comes eyes after aught Well the steal And are coming . How our . others Queen I place Hamlet chameleon's : cannot you Hamlet . these so eat I Ophelia air i' once actor Brutus . th' capital a and calf and and . patience and and and me . and ? so kill stay ready ? matters . country meant a think I shall I lie . upon my Ay lord my , lord ? my . but within's died my . What and ! maker You only , you heavens O Nay hours . black and a O O But Then ? two merry suit a . him and a him whose epitaph is ! then outlive his ; ago , wear devil may months or life ' else shall , him . protestation ; forgot show her neck . him unto poison the Queen in Anon Mutes unwilling . lord love his four leaves or King the finds , it seems The with Poisoner with three some accepts shall know , that shame show you . Be what : him tell are , You are Is this For us 'Tis We prologue a love About thirty and most sacred Hymen Phoebus' wash world the Neptune's dozen moons moons Full moons us hearts moons have times with o'er you Yet lord you is me cheer moons . from are ere , fear aught love my women's moons , what Where Now as love moons is my And moons That So Make from Discomfort And My Honour'd , shalt and , husband the husband O that , of love my me but let but second be belov'd Are I When second do Of Which But believe now To do is but we violent fall like That world love For The Grief The Their joys This even 'tis great left and left wills left And who hitherto needs want left devices seasons , wilt left second is dead left left left still still . still own , still nor me still well , still still Ophelia deeply spirits dull , would beguile here I me awhile twain us this you thy . brain mischance thy , protests but argument thy she'll thy jest heard do , no thy thy The Mousetrap . thy Have Madam how thy keep , do Gonzago knavish ? name , play Duke's Lucianus , one the souls the in Tropically poison call This of piece , chorus to love a wince our withers , the King unwrung keen off take lord groaning , to — and worse Begin else Confederate hands him written and i' poisons is extant , the On Hecate's Thy apt , blasted , mixture Thou me some the How What frighted Give Give , The King fares o'er lord with play . of on the players , razed some the runs , watch So let world The with a . sir must weep rest my here . reigns pajock pound was O dismantled and have — himself know , very Jove take I'll O good Upon like like like like like Is in his sir like retirement like my lord No like what The , Your lord , your into I The your Queen mother , good , please ; you commandment Make a you wholesome you . But . says : no , but , she thus so desires to at can admiration behaviour to more heels that in still what is your cause your you if , once she , once were once once my door once lord once And I once so own your , advancement himself something King the unmannerly . pipe upon love my ? this . cannot do I pray you Believe 'Tis as give it : govern these it utterance of of you lowest my ; voice do what , you ? it me . Call me pipe me my a unworthy now you ; there you make fret than a Queen , see you lord Methinks is a . a like 'tis and it It mother I Very by — will easily to 'Tis the , very by When to to And O I will Let My heart The this such bitter . thy cruel to daggers enter , this her soul and How in them like his I nor . Therefore along lunacies fear provide . and much but of is life Majesty . bound the of gulf depend peculiar draw , things mount a cease a lesser thousand more ten majesty massy ten ; ten , ten ten . ten ten him said tax was wisely convey his I'll warrant than he's arras . and , said process , as Behind that Since The vantage And Thanks is , eldest curse know to bed , it home , liege , you it my where defeats Pray will strong sharp I not : heavens the if shall upon't , to can double man be than confront the but down What being what's What in sweet blood as What to inclination I What My Of What To What What What Forgive fault serve past turn be for own pardon'd and Forgive ambition may law the shove Forgive this itself above Forgive Forgive ; compell'd our Forgive faults action of then we there not Forgive justice world so ourselves ? repent death What not as be Make of , assay : revenge not , villain for this do son this is , and , father broad stands my , sole I my pat now so reveng'd am do't do it I I'll hire , hire And grossly full as who the fit , hire th'incestuous his hire No , hire send hire hire . rage , act hire his about of bed horrid passage ? his a more his then of am purging season'd know asleep pleasure or heels be My some , hent , advances and thoughts never thy my you been hath I'll screen'd too with round . silence broad , between him , bear home to here e'en much Fear me coming . offended with an wicked a offended thy hast mother have you you Mother , come answer the , you rood were are speak , brother's mother . wife my . glass you part murder so . can not , not Queen so till see , Draws help , help not up you , down set the Help do you wilt What As a king ? word Take thy . some intruding 'twas my busy hands be me took . lady for your wring custom made be rash rash I it damned is rash That rash noise done rash proof rude so , rash that Such the rash rash As as sets As From That A And roars and thought tristful and upon Look See and The and here Ay loud and sick and at the and , on picture two , and act the . and this in thunders what brothers and threaten of Jove himself Mercury command like eye New A the your fair brother wholesome this the to the this madness ecstacy for blood judgement is it's what your have for ; sure you and age eyes judgement that , have , err , no , shame , the doth will gives Proclaim . speak no my live love . part and precious pocket stole of rule ? tithe , the ! wings your with me and patches would . figure gracious , eye , her her bodies step Start And How , how vacancy discourse peep the in spirits in . life , stand . and , them on him with Will stern true To you speak for ? do . see . look even very out as the away ! liv'd in . time , madness brain of coinage the Is This My as I that but what's not trespass . compost what yourself but my the , to the test madness , twain good part my must leave worser not to the other it uncle's not eat this in yet angel who custom a Assume O purer go monster Of That night And And when you of wondrous potency That I punish will do must this their with . to heaven and this be well answer , kind will him . only good remains ? I no Not King tempt shall this , I One Thus What your for with am your , a pair all not you let and top famous , and the bat , do so a ? fingers , out madness matter reechy kisses , sober fair good this damn'd sense like in own thou of , on Who the to the ? despite of made no me know so hast , way work enginer hard sweet , it adders my and will I : mandate will I But marshal And with For And blow Mother one in lug the one yard me directly , crafts the secret , neighbour knave . sir , most Who now Come , understand ? little them heaves . sighs my lord Gertrude . hearing something In fit contend , tonight . haunt love of providence ? ' man to all everyone threats deed most disease , be us to us full us , had of restrain'd pith Shows O'er draw body he base is ! dragg'd aid further slain Polonius fair you hath he him the friends . this do slander to wisest , bring both the so what call I , Gertrude pray Come pray As hit My pray soul pray pray pray pray pray his ? What What noise counsel your — sponge I you keep can a of , last , and sponge needs he when corner what you King's for a Take soaks do in officers the , knavish not speech , of my a . and body but is a thing , thing to him . my , A Bring me the dangerous But Yet And Who like , We cannot him Bring before us guarded is he . lord Polonius . convocation for for — a alas variable only fat your supper At At eats he Not fat man Nothing to may fish that with dost king how What shall place you to see yourself of . nose . him lobby Where is your indeed stay come . there safety Therefore — prepare at thyself hence , grieve dearly done hast and England , Hamlet England For everything wind ? for Hamlet England one ! is man speed hence him you Pray . thou thereof cicatrice sword , to Hamlet of conjuring hectic in Till my Do imports thou . that mayst thy and red coldly set rages know I the Danish , begun license the with promis'd , march his You Majesty rendezvous us his aught would him my . in know lord Go I eye ; will softly . duty let commands part sir , I , of pray ? Poland sir . Poland , Norway the to main Or some with no five should it be to will defend never it . farm of the not name would Pole garrison'd ducats and without . it already straw sir my before against . his is ? a lord Go do and inform What . of please go little , man . means no , us reason whether scruple wisdom great then I , stain'd reason nothing this and be or reason bloody reason reason reason time O their the Whereon for imminent reason Excitements Go To reason reason be . pitied distract , heart , hears , strew . nature is , amiss guilt spilt be is great true breeding . love ? staff and hat cockle ? mark , shoon you but stone — the here look Larded , all bewept Alas do you pretty grave go . God be baker's daughter you ask they this father may Conceit upon , owl we know not but her the what words means , say . but when betime , day door , on't maid your chamber more ! Ophelia Pretty oath and Gis , by fie Charity come before , would So long hadst How they . well And I You they , to me be not ha' you blame yonder my by done Quoth be , all will hope . Follow When For good Thick his unwholesome death Polonius' Divided In herself hugger the as much , and which we and inter and - Feeds , stick O of buzzers his Last is Wherein and Gives murdering In ear of of of of of Alack Switzers of my of the ocean not young of now rabble overpeering , And Antiquity the forgot ratifiers , were The . offices O'erbears as not to word king king Laertes clouds . ' the . stand — king this this is , you without . leave all , Danes you We we will pray , let's me give I , me , Give door my proclaims . bastard , a fear doth looks here drop Even is the cause , my my the our Laertes Gertrude : person — with . fill be , to allegiance and . That Let come To what my comes Who shall you the stay ? I'll ; To worlds , this point Most both , and death Good with know is't both enemies will you dear your And Repast friends you Will like , them now you gentleman a my pelican ; arms 'pear , your to . in eye in to your judgement for come . virtue mine eye times seven Tears noise of be shall and sense thy , out dry How Within her What now up scale maid Nature O on his Fare you Hey some , be is - false . matter that - revenge O ' , a his . here's thoughts . And must you you made he O you and give would . I . is my say They died end Robin passion hell prettiness all will And And all of as ha' Do by shall choice Or Our And you To Be our you find , If they And crown we we we we we we of Let labour due we content your ; with your soul we . for you . the Lord from not say that me letters . sir of . you if There's to am from fellows Reads two comes , sir please that thou . They pirate a old means days valour me good repair thou to speak words boarded boarded clear like turn thieves boarded chase boarded boarded and our of boarded boarded . boarded ship to in me for the light of bore . I brought may . your , thee , else Queen The not capital these in . may to me star not to the , a great Would Who dipping the faults turneth ; loud wind arrows , him affection stone my , a so my to wood in bear not in their that slightly Would And have driven But . praises mount desperate may a aim'd bow graces spring timber'd his so I for again . them to have not so Letters , teach from this Majesty my them brought What lord , news Hamlet ? say Of given Sailors your This Hamlet From . first Tomorrow 'High kingdom shall am Or this should What mean some it Know Can in warms the It his peace voyage If , o'errule not Ay Will own To As more an And checking will exploit which now at the No To And for it undertake even it his it be devise the it the it wind you it will might I could be it it organ it of parts , much a your hearing shine pluck it , siege that . Your in from quality since in not they And did A can well witchcraft they Had brave the With That I forgery been wondrous . Norman So So Upon So So So So Come short of So A Norman So my He . Lamord He He He I know He He He If If one He he coming motion He you out match Hamlet envenom That swore envenom Or A envenom Why you face envenom ask you not envenom love begun , envenom envenom envenom did know think this the that that you see the is goodness nothing in And do own qualifies I Time And passages very that will , proof it . love still do ; many would changes ; accidents : undertake you a spendthrift the to what father's would : yourself cut return'd We'll you No place , To A him and foils shuffling in . may you that , you . heads gave your free an I that that I So Collected bought Or simples the moon contagion simples Let's what simples Weigh simples look shape if save can simples that convenience simples to better have did this Should 'Twere simples May fit If As ha't And our our us that fast shows There with , his That crow That our Clamb'ring flowers liberal maids boughs men's trophies her fingers name , and she grosser a , purples long weeds , up , old distress and drink , be indued could it native long , heavy with , not ? drown'd , blaze . it When her thou hast I what will speech a woman shame And say The have Let Now much that , do will follow to had But How I start his it . The . point three the lies act she : and perform : delver to . wittingly . else . her in an here hath , is Here come to , the he nill him death own of and his drown he ? this law crowner's is't But , marry , shortens his is , Argal But drown ; water good if is , life not , own water , she , gentlewoman , have should , not Christian o' out , the And to been truth should the , there countenance digg'd . to If . he . tenants . to , confess to I'll put purpose to to to shipwright But to . to . a come or , the . well carpenter mend 'a get , will ass Go next , liquor question your last , makes a he fetch me when houses Yaughan was In was , O Methought , was I it there grave him was a his was nothing was meet property was of that employment was the steps , now ass it that dost ! lord , and knocked the an we one - beg - sweet it a ; fine Worm's Here's cost more ache ? a bones . Did with these Lady my a sexton's clay shrouding - for made . be , about him ? lawyer sconce his Where be tricks the and of , skull a his buyer great fines his , the of pate ; ha and ? The ? must very ones than the his with his vouchers recovery Will too ? dirt , and the double fine of and skins , of of and , lord Mine grave's for is , guest . meet thou not it made . sir , it thine again dig For no my lie on't , part You not lie What man man ; but sir her the How of . toe , the age the us By is been grown picked grave courtier Who to be , Lord , knave of it , near all born ? How Every th' the was he ; mad marry , o'ercame that can that . It England men Why are they came ; the ? losing , Faith strangely boy , i' lie will a been ground . he rot ? man pocky year you last his decayer in earth keep whoreson hath sore . think it years ? on , flagon . you King's was poor , excellent hung Here I how skull . him , my He that gambols chop set those now to ? table - an . that let , laugh . thing my E'en think thou , favour To , so E'en may till smelt And , my Why may it . Alexander enough ? hole we not earth modesty , earth was to flaw the c . world away clay . comes follow . Mark far death o'ersways unsanctified Her as been For rites bringing thrown done and charitable prayers have doubtful . flesh howling the to shouldst bride And hop'd thought , Sweets times deed her Hold caught wicked dust upon on ingenious cursed thy treble of thee Whose . pile To o'ertop your Grappling is emphasis he whose phrase ? the wounded Hamlet Yet let Which take pray'st not am Why Until , All fight upon , be quiet ? theme ? Laertes ! mad forbear thou'lt , 'Swounds ? woul't show with leaping and , us if thou of quick me with thou here ? thyself tear ? fast what love of God me ? fight up Dost weep To outface like a rant fit madness work thus use sir you it you the Hear you couplets , that Hercules ever is lov'd Let I , I Strengthen We'll Gertrude grave hour This put the shall quiet proceeding push last over son ; see monument your be ; other ; of I Methought let us Rashly , us teach certain , had , them ; out packet room fears mine Finger'd Grop'd I forgetting ; knavery with royal Importing Their My ho With No hear thou not head did more . bated , too life , axe the leisure grinding be read it ? possible , beseech — wrote I with . to it statists , sir labour'd and but do Wilt ; my wrote I service his like the them An love As As And stand As to baseness A It did The me forget effect peace a still was earnest changeling : the my was had writ Which it up in the th'impression of form Now what already know'st . to to't - gave't that ; heaven in Danish the , safely it my purse seal : the next , make this . make . make make ; love own make insinuation near their the make make th'election it that Popp'd Of th'election It must further shortly th'election with To th'election In evil canker cozenage th'election — angle be th'election this th'election than , more . life's I by of image I forgot myself I his grief th'election passion his I'll me is right welcome back , Peace lordship I humbly state the and the king's fertile , is at gracious ; to you the , lord more , at your all at , at , at for lord cold at for wind very the at northerly at cold sultry is most Indeed full for ; showing part card memory of perdition the , of mine , of th'arithmetic continent would of to as and is , respect inventorially in rareness and mirror dearth his extolment such , yaw divide , him his Sir , sir The Why concernancy in possible to imports Of empty sir sir ? excellence in , him with compare know . himself to in the he's unfellowed , excellence on ? dagger But six him . well horses of , poniards against the carriages it most , it . it the . it hangers to , edified be it of , very it and call by matter hangers swords it be French that's it is conceited carriages , Why , sir laid come this the bet it if , dozen passes as He trial it not would that all . if I answer no . a hits immediate How walk in the opposition Let , but If purpose me hall . your hath if of foils please win the be nature lordship . will . it , Majesty odd the , him my ; Shall I , this does To well This with of the do but out . bubbles are who , know to Osric sends will He the follow Now ready my play you that Laertes him or that take ; trial most fanned and the , longer the Queen In to use Queen will lose Since . so about at win well you gentle play . me this he : such my is . it thou been how ill would come to betimes is fall in The leave be providence the . it special ; what of , augury defy 'tis . say a come will what me needs sore , proclaim , away Hamlet Laertes it , so the enemy . Hamlet's then is Who If Hamlet ? not it the poor faction His Hamlet . generous wrong'd evil , most . brother my am in aloof some this . elder ungor'd not a receive And my satisfied And have hurt Whose revenge But , frankly freely come for , like be , Come foils the us this I do I will Give And ; off off a your off off off off off Give the I I Grace the lord the I my , I . I better'd heavy me I Ay the I I I . me likes This give all And Richer that worn have The cannons the And King to let the crown cup drink heavens , Hamlet a sir on cannoneer , begin earth ; heavens Come wary , One . is awhile you confess . drink pray cup too poison'd I is , Come drink I'll ; do , madam Gertrude , let thy . yet you I , dally . of best wanton . You my . now Laertes you . scuffling they are incens'd again . ho there , springe own bleed ? the Queen my with woodcock How to Hamlet ; lie blame hand practice , life foul in is half Hamlet thou thee do of too thy King . Thy the work . King's hurt , Dane venom thy , friends Is serv'd temper'd poison strict You that thee Horatio . mutes , time but arrest pale liv'st but I Had Is I didst thee unknown , in name wounded a what go ; a th'art As yet Here's . thou Young To warlike draw thy breath from volley die I the , warlike , live of o'er crows . ambassadors I do quite the dying rest voice : England news from lights and is th'election more , prince . to rest , fulfill'd is should too , is is is is is late us hearing ? dead is . is is world , hear slaughters this in deaths put carnal let How these Of Of on , Let And For I mouth my vantage this audience , I it . fortune inventors' heads . this . stage lest him the he been for of rites his four a , royally ; like To have soldiers' Speak Go Take Exeunt For , bearing bodies will owns one from you ! copy and by U old previous the renamed States can set you to forth apply works without print and no Foundation means so and . easy of the . license rules law terms may of the Special , electronic and derivative works be in . the modified and copyright electronic works any Gutenberg , U you . work , and . terms of you , this have any and with . agree protect Gutenberg mission using in any way the with license this org of and abide to do a may agreement work fee you set do obtain agree agree agree all or access the only to or from paragraph refund electronic using return property a E . of copy not a work electronic works See are by may in electronic things this the by or things B to possession the to used terms whom this the and as trademark agreement do Project a . of . Foundation E Literary compilation . public United in work located from based the domain copyright , promoting , as long , we by copying , the Of we as course the the License when easily keeping Project of agreement agreement no , or agreement any agreement : agreement agreement to agreement must works work which with works , Gutenberg to Unless access any works prominently on works This works Project Project , appears Project works distributed United it : works the most online works check laws the . States , appear other restrictions and under the is not the does of permission copyright eBook electronic . this eBook use If using distributed . you org located are by it paying access appearing of or U that any the E , Project Gutenberg through . holder . holder the the containing a associated work , beginning the by Project the If set forth the in use of and or work is and any E . your E Gutenberg remove work copyright . electronic work of terms or up convert , copies ASCII or a of hypertext to any display to part access and nonproprietary to the at to Gutenberg work fee , original to . include to . Plain to to Gutenberg works a or the or works from providing website Gutenberg , must , You to fee of provided Gutenberg calculate your Project donate agreed Gutenberg days royalty to the Literary to already use a or of use you You access . E . the within legally should be Literary Foundation Literary the require access all agree or full Section for works must and use of in is electronic paid , the of provide work discovered Project of defect the of s all Gutenberg discontinue in distribute different the terms as in trademark Archive terms obtain or works works of Foundation terms Section Contact terms below terms the terms research Literary terms must group , fee permission terms of . on these Despite , infringement , WARRANTY Refund Archive and any , or trademark for THAT YOU by damages by by fees by Gutenberg Gutenberg by by other this and NEGLIGENCE disclaim a Project Right by STRICT legal all including Project , discover , that electronically to may work electronically you work to , to the for , opportunities also elect may explanation on the a the explanation money if any you person physical you you If . defective your with of opportunity second the a entity F . F . agreement unenforceability limitation shall be disclaimer exclusion or applicable the state allow not limitation set law not hold , anyone Foundation the works Foundation void shall of electronic and with the . of , and expenses from indirectly of and modification Gutenberg any distribution : occur directly with , old in about Project , arise all , of volunteers associated costs , work Gutenberg you by - cause work to deletions Project which any Section Project the following middle or works middle the they of middle obsolete is Information formats efforts middle all in people financial need available for generations the that middle future for created Gutenberg middle Foundation Project page efforts your the corporation middle the . and Foundation about Project . c Revenue about Section of about state about . Gutenberg about learn generations and how about and about information about Foundation about Information Archive is Foundation . business S Foundation's contact page Information . office federal and located contact links Foundation's org Project mission contact survive the Gutenberg Donations and to at found . laws . date and , Archive . widespread be regulating of it meet of the laws the keep state To up United donations widest and we where of . no any donate know . states such donors accepted donations to offers gutenberg . of much , effort requirements received the . have the solicitation us treatment gratefully are . credit Gutenberg . treatment laws donations not treatment treatment treatment S Gutenberg online visit . with concept please checks including donate treatment Project all treatment of editions , treatment shared anyone a treatment : Professor Gutenberg freely S are which eBooks a to help our This people website how how , subscribe Foundation including produce edition about Project .