there Who's Stand King and Barnardo . now carefully He relief this thee sick heart 'Tis . stirring ? you mouse them make upon struck am Friends watch , and at rivals Stand ! ground is who farewell Give my . place Give good soldier honest , them hear I think what Horatio , him , good of Welcome Horatio , this I Horatio , twice will says , seen of , Marcellus tonight us . He 'tis but nothing him . night . and awhile ears , so once Sit , tush , down What let And us Barnardo this seen our from are we nights , beating let made where it the to scholar figure speak a Looks it not like the , Mark ? King with me be . again comes dead . Horatio harrows It like art it fear speak of buried heaven offended , I away It and warlike of . night time I thee not this think something ? on't You Horatio 'Tis ! gone speak stalks See speak , answer speak and look tremble will might and not art to . than and , own I , Of What eyes the armour when Is was he ice jump . true King had on parle . on in the thou As When smote thought combated twice , before hath I the frown'd same strange some this strict the daily knows . watch watch state , our of our hour , land observant me my implements cast toils Why Good So down the such for of the sweaty day ? sore haste task the me so but now even . inform can Sunday most . with - not Doth Did of on , as prick'd this so At least Whose What make you That goes , by the is't , Thereto ratified Against gaged the seiz'd , of inheritance our he by Was forfeit slay Dar'd For know in by most emulate , compact seal'd pride Hamlet valiant which those his lands , conqueror , heraldry all to ; list a the Hamlet of ; law of a which , King as by the resolutes enterprise , no lands , other state I lost And our Fortinbras . same , the land strong foresaid , in so like of watch that our it and is haste . our watch of and watch the chief , preparations . eye of watch in the Roman the stood watch In The As Did squeak watch in whose Was stars the it watch the these portentous e'en this the trouble state fell mind's ; stands events eclipse moist with fierce still preceding heaven And Disasters with sick And prologue the harbingers behold though hast blast me use be me , to to or . illusion again , you in O Speak thou to me thy country's to privy hast if For which , happily if Speak of , they say speak ! thy earth speak partisan , Marcellus it at Stop offer For 'Tis 'Tis ! 'Tis as blows of being wrong it like Upon It it malicious , speak is , a it mockery is day in , And god , Doth cock summons shrill and , And made the spirit in ; and the I a of or present Saviour's , are bird , birth To sea on that our then The , say the probation warning his erring . time ; planets charm to no celebrated season the hies all then is , herein abroad strike spirit singeth and takes say 'gainst of object This No So I , the do part the power comes cock . that . night it , hill russet yon and heard o'er So But hath in , the Unto spirit As Let's , This our us young , do't , look watch Hamlet we , and Voltemand and , shall us for upon him fitting loves ; impart Let our , we , we to yet be Hamlet , Cornelius , in and our I Lords hearts in one brow and that Attendant it so bear contracted with Together The Though green brother's us dear of woe , joy death whole . our queen , him our now one as 'twere and weighing , nor With Therefore That our with sometime jointress auspicious scale supposal our you which , and herein our young Fortinbras . Have Th'imperial equal to better wife with barr'd dole , state to this a defeated marriage late , late hears , all For along , Holding Or Colleagued not late business - rid pester is much all of So with message : suppress all late and and uncle . for here meeting are here late for our To Our state the , this young his gait , late his , full herein , Out bearers Thus by his : the Voltemand , to scarcely of time the power these let ; allow commend VOLTEMAND and , farewell than scope duty our . more no nothing of . news . Laertes , duty , not thou to my . some suit be doubt and shall is more to lord Dread my not voice Laertes told You We cannot What , it And , wouldst the of throne France came return have Denmark , done coronation France that to pardon , asking mouth thy to native Denmark to to thou , To bow you father's show gracious slow last at my seal'd in Upon do from What leave and and . my toward duty Polonius . wrung leave than my thy be . says ; you hour my kin that , less ? kind — will and graces A , cast clouds I ever eye thine Seek all vailed friend am father in common know'st not nature noble look But now more lord , the dust . sun for it is die lids with like my so Not 'tis of of inky my it it , If , madam not Nor in , No the dejected , actions that seem These moods the seems particular breath nor Nor For I the trappings Nay it cloak shows might show ; visage the of forms denote can alone , have these These must you But but and know lost , lost , obligation , father sweet obstinate give that father in duties is to grief bound , Hamlet the term ; mind incorrect . sorrow In That It shows unfortified simple be vulgar in we against To it any know . But some and as to a fault common , nature sense , will heart understanding theme whose who you died hath opposition thing , think and till dead , 'tis most we what Is must This You , From a the for immediate of , A Take An , A Why must , and is common , desire in our to to to no , nobility take us earth , our our , retrograde we in Here Do Than I impart let to For remain son your eye , Wittenberg school with are going is toward madam , not go her , intent and . loving my us ; best a most And not thee stay prayers you comfort lose today drinks Denmark the the earthly speaking the - great smiling This as shall obey you , reply . of heart my ourself fair , Hamlet grace bruit away God . dew thunder rouse King's No to in this gross unweeded world unprofitable O ! much of Everlasting too . Come ! into had slaughter resolve How I So dead nay all . solid the fie to 'gainst that and , Thaw her he excellent seed ! Hyperion Visit what fed if and on't ; Why too face a so . she , thy shoes Frailty name A Possess grows me Oh . But to Must which O Niobe it me have Than Ere , think tears beast the married Had yet the O to flushing speed she mine . Hercules to galled , uncle my discourse she yet — eyes , post hold . unrighteous but I God Like But you to or Hail not . a more married — good my in With is , The do see myself . dexterity most It I for I your make from Wittenberg , Horatio ? ever : Marcellus My what my forget , Wittenberg ; lord from even so truster to glad what is your see came drink deep ere you , But Against We'll yourself affair you your that ; follow'd . mother's my , was I I are no ? father's Elsinore depart ear fellow . funeral your , dearest day . Horatio , in tables . eye was a I saw , I ever father look his he ; Where my see , not for my My all . lord once , Who ? king in like Saw , a In lord the my for Season The King admiration ear an witness This marvel your , God's . I a ! deliver while . hear me to King your . waste Barnardo pie , their - and them not stately them fear Stand did eyes he , fear ; length cap . me , kept deliver'd had them Almost their Goes Appears and truncheon's In I Form Within , By Armed the watch , jelly dreadful with , with surprised march , good time it watch knew not word hands , both each thing did cock very 'Tis , from in and I , the at But But answer made : crew haste . duty our 'tis lord you not it ; did none like yet head , motion And As indeed , me sight ; true you . you ? of lord lord toe to foot not to top From Both , BARNARDO . look'd What My lord you . anger ? his he face head from yes , have amaz'd constantly . you long a . like haste and , one beard much . BARNARDO I will tonight . it very like MARCELLUS when no . again warrant ; his was sable grizzled life I hitherto have assume , all , silver'd A 'twill it person ; well . you 'twixt loves your to you is the arms So , else will Upon as Our in visit platform , foul to rise , tonight , and . farewell . were soul would deeds Farewell : men's foul some doubt My duty to All : mine eyes them hear do winds embark'd the , violet the the And , sister is assistant , that doubt you necessaries are . as me of a nature his from fashion a , as crescent bulk In No more . not no it no now nature , A , For is , weigh'd may , for not himself his virtue thews , must wide His greatness health of his to himself and therefore And Carve He he will ; cautel you now , choice sanctity And Grows The The and far says body withal , it further no your or chaste his may you your , is . credent what saying head The May It he Whereof Unto is give the weigh heart his Ophelia you of If your it Fear his goes Then voice itself As he in his particular oft the infants not her and danger of your , rear importunity of the , To loss it songs sister the : fear imminent most are , Virtue she And keep , to buttons morn and 'scapes canker shot is the else near , heaven do my ; pastors good keep brother libertine this way dew of moon , of Be in And shall some a of none safety best itself the here own treads to ungracious , rebels th'effect and like not heart path not is my . grace . your blessing memory , smiles . thy precepts Look here Those friends unproportion'd Laertes sits them character any hast but and with palm each Grapple stay'd wind you thou man's man that new But , thoughts no , tried steel . voice judgement not the proclaims oft in hatch'd thy hoops their adoption comrade beware , as fancy , may dull thy a th'opposed thine censure but , no , thou to soul of unfledg'd ; true self and borrower borrowing all This But not : edge of to both dulls loan Neither select every Give in most a And Farewell of a France ; purse can man rank best the and a man thee my this : do I blessing then Thou above oft , must loses nor apparel Most , and , my , as you lock'd to in Farewell have 'Tis you yourself your go invites time The Marry time of If Given And that You it is you of so As between , please 'Tis told well hath — Give Of in late daughter lord his daughter Have daughter my He behoves not daughter way in do hath daughter Do not ! affection of me perilous , know Affection tenders my daughter do , That Marry daughter his such call think . dearly fool fashion me call hath wind Tender I lord , to , fashion it are , I'll you teach Which ta'en the you'll with love . go , know , in , he you , given almost springes burns , how I heaven ; my , go to daughter both presence Lord ; rate time this Hamlet , soul the blazes . maiden higher is he ; young walk Ophelia show are investments ; larger much with you tether , they unholy of not in command so be that mere Breathing like beguile plain , sanctified may Than a not The But . This their which in Not Do of given a believe I so better to dye terms any the my words Have and pious bawds is come is an . ways your you charge ? bites a is it ; nipping It I Indeed ? spirit heard What not , lacks it think near walk then is struck . this tonight and , held his , his of it Ay here : west phrase swinish reason , guilty , complexion forts much they them origin . of attribute men , are nature in of , of doubt evil corruption of a dram may of ; of pure , men defect man as livery , take of of as Fortune's the that one these own as , hell charitable grace heaven or or own substance own his of airs thee Be Thou As own the general The scandal it own ! us from questionable wicked own shape lord my , thou a in spirit thy own me thy burst , father , up Hath Why Let to thee own such a , we again ; thee his dead to the Revisit'st So our disposition complete moon this , death tell , in bones cerements quietly in ? we souls of hearsed sepulchre mean , do steel in What ! again it desire . impartment ? Wherefore you beckons is thoughts beyond To removed it follow , did alone you Look But It go . pin's ? means no , set , what can itself ? to I'll as what not I And for soul me not a follow the summit into other the of , base some ? horrible of of brain . lord , follow . roar It not off still I'll your my , Go You rul'd each And fate make the Nemean Unhand of I'll follow . gentlemen . lets out in . lion's me this , As am I'll away this him imagination what 'tis waxes He Denmark . issue ! I call'd . with I say ; rotten , I'll follow direct further go . Speak ? I . Mark is I Alas , I revenge bound , not when hear unfold hearing . shalt What a And am thou me Doom'd the away of unfold whose But done day to . spirit to art I burnt To , the night that am , blood . spheres , on porpentine not , father , blazon start to stand dear List eternal and Are Till tell I purg'd secrets like and ! thy ever . be , part their , young — love best unnatural is . wings and in strange foul May to , that I , with love revenge as my , as it ; shouldst That stir in in Now , fat thee Lethe of my noble , in Hamlet orchard of youth thee , my ear thee thou forged The Rankly my thee serpent stung by ; itself so , thee out a me given , thee thee shameful falling — wit ! my Hamlet So wicked witchcraft to seduce , That O of The From those of mine . But marriage a of will — won gifts it shape radiant to , So Will lewdness sate virtue whose hand it made though prey I custom always . be let me the of Sleeping methinks And itself a garbage celestial link'd my within lust To I to on bed poor man of blood quicksilver With The Holds And hour , That hour in leperous an as gates And Upon porches enmity with , hour ; hour hour loathsome brother's and about mine hour . a hour account hour posset milk ; with not it ! with . sin by smooth And of but royal luxury couch ! O in with thee ! incest , Denmark and howsoever thou with No If O with horrible my on most my to bear horrible with contrive this leave her to me bosom lodge once , be thee at near adieu thy imperfections nature horrible And to But hast the thou bed damned be soul act . well . of and thy pale . Taint The Adieu sinews stiffly ghost , Yea , But , hell adieu , couple uneffectual old thee memory globe the all All saws poor bear heaven , I'll this thou Ay Unmix'd book most tables it down so volume all observation distracted , from and commandment and And Within O villain I . sure there , My villain is . matter baser with O , That 'Adieu HORATIO My am it Now me my ! villain ! damned and . MARCELLUS . to a villain ; it ! be . Within , lord bird ho , Illo him my ! come . lord ? reveal it ! What ho boy ! is't How lord , lord . once my secret ? be of lord my by , I and you ne'er ghost , a But no so , without Why , Denmark all in . more and for — man whirling words , part the from come , lord tell you , To and ; the at I'll . my , I'll There's by , Yes is I'll I'll As For It O'ermaster't I'll , heartily this let now And to you are may , Patrick offence your you my I'll ? request . scholars , Saint no Never poor me , My and we , will tell and soldiers between is . know desire friends , seen . but what , MARCELLUS . tonight . you known make What Nay my sworn Upon In upon the thou sayst have . Swear . indeed . sword my lord my so under you Consent swear fellow the thou . sword there . you we'll ? our hither . Swear , have you upon gentlemen shift . ground . sword lord Come of ? remove Once more my that Then your speak and A old O worthy ! Canst but , Swear by . mole pioner And are dreamt things day are as strange at you Here , antic seeing shall so or doubtful head — meet myself could 'There , an soe'er I , phrase if , need and - we note help times perchance of some thus to Or With Or . do shake shall , is friending Let . I your And willing , And still is fingers born O Hamlet to , me . set . together , I in spite it together I time So . do poor his him let's . these notes . make . intend I My , to are , it him wisely in expense question where . Look and ; of son and ; inquiry , said Danskers very lord behaviour good , you nearer . you his him of , part 'I — very but I well , if't And him' particular me who , encompassment demands , means mark you none take and so may in As , of this , so , dishonour forgeries But 'And To liberty may lord you , ' mean please him wanton noted usual him ; 'not , say there and rank slips ; most heed , he's very wild lord . and known go As drinking . fencing , so put you open incontinency in . the You , him . quaintly Of flash and my not That The may he not as , my dishonour season That meaning to but : is may another his on it in general this so ; fiery a of outbreak i' th' son of Wherefore party Having He , 'Good to so you of you would crimes assur'd ; 'gentleman' , the in converse little him 'friend or . be , ' this leave — Where say to something . about in marry know 'gentleman consequence' ay ' or t'other the day 'I and ! ' , ' ? he does I did I , you — truth , bias of former find with , lecture . indirections have windlasses With Shall you me have directions of this assays and forth so or gaming such of brothel such wisdom and a Videlicet thus 'I my saw him , b' carp of out advice son You wi' you my my inclination his , the his ply Farewell . let , have name With lord my shall I now lord , chamber out been so piteous purport stockings knees his , and his And To as Lord what No was doublet his each , all in sewing knocking love I loosed - down his upon , head , for He of his arm ; so it his all truly , but he piteous bulk , go me profound mine and lets arm brow face my turn'd he without his , me That his find to head — draw it waving stay'd , and shaking over way hard . you leads is bended went done it his And And , This me his with to the He seem'd o' their light itself am any natures any very I go Come That , No had And it thee fear'd beshrew to beyond cast is as proper our trifle King and him better But did ! mad I with my opinions judgement jealousy age our but . known It seems ourselves , have th'exterior What I inward should man , Welcome This that we much I , it entreat . it transformation use did heard , put , Guildenstern you , occasion rest of up youth days brought of of you as from since So Resembles than nor the nor thus of If gentry good , not please you hope thanks , awhile you glean him afflicts remedy sovereign dread the , Might Put give Than visitation supply expend whom To As full in us bent feet the at Rosencrantz Thanks here Thanks And My , you some , gentle commanded service To be make bring much Pleasant him helpful where . is Hamlet , and presence from Th'ambassadors . been Heavens our I Have Thou , Are lord . amen of , liege soul , my return'd the I And long ; feast the , hast lord duty to good , of do gracious my — to I in be Give do As speak of that the queen that found hath he son's do me doubt I do news do and source death do no and marriage distemper . o'erhasty other of your is it , do shall first Thyself them to . the shall Welcome , good what , tells from , head my but desires out to . brother sift him . we friends our the my first a sickness hand in in fine obeys more out age , and arms his against Majesty , arrests , fee and , never your Polack , your against so falsely Fortinbras On To So th'assay before Norway Makes give from with against before commission Norway you for are more allowance give to herein the enterprise . pass , annual quiet , this dominions please your Through With As at Go Answer further shown safety down business well labour well such you think therein our It and for at , Most upon night is well . to what , and to nothing . noble flourishes and time , 'tis use I 'tis no foolish art ; no with matter , effect remains this say out grant mad Madam and obedience . her I Hath Who given , That's ill and my me daughter gather , in — idol shall this a but phrase have a celestial , For we find of . then him Now rather , the cause this effect , Now defect . cause defective Now the thus . mark she remainder mine surmise Now . Now . will phrase vile the be Now to Now faithful doth are Hamlet stay the Doubt Doubt Doubt doubt lady hath my it move love . machine Adieu to , numbers this daughter more out But she his me ; believe most , these be . art to reckon . I liar , solicitings of think means mine and love , place , hath What given above And they perceiv'd daughter my dear Majesty heart I Or given you ? a winking I , with went I did of out I , I gave , think you the you - idle thus love I might table here what me told it so I , you I , thy I from short I of then the herself this look'd Or my young your I might she be is What That not 'Lord This Which done , she , sadness watch a to he , repulsed And prince Hamlet no took his receive — the , think we that , advice my , a to , wail now , fast for , into weakness , thence and 'tis very I'd . said if this , that I ? know find . ''Tis positively otherwise likely further though Within from I four How Take me sometimes we know he try me So me be were indeed hid ? me walks may is circumstances lead . her me together . indeed I'll I . be me you time You me behind no and an daughter behind behind do I look and keep from the But he behind At such a loose my farm . state behind thereon behind poor him board I'll behind where a , the , me Excellent know I a . reading wretch , my does Well beseech you Hamlet leave me give mercy my you Then , you would lord lord . dog — dead , very That's Honest world a man to this as my ten in thousand picked one kissing of Conception carrion true breed if th' may i' Have have was youth , I him truly . I . to't . but , is conceive much What words is wrinkled here old thick amber grey ? men . my you for , matter slave read . lord Between the matter their faces gum sir , I hold it that All this believe , which old . out there my , if eyes my that you are ; For satirical backward to I am , thus says sir , their of lack purging it most wit though I in't ? air Into of go walk , not honesty is lord sometimes pregnant , I and I life . you daughter and part him , suddenly , Fare you , lord old withal honourable You , God tedious fools . you save , how Guildenstern the ye honoured dear dost How dear lord ! Nor dear dear excellent good dear in the soles over . lord , dear privates of dear ? shoe middle . my the , most the my is my a my favours in waist the my . strumpet my we hands me , prison . more and ? at true friends to deserved . worst . or bad . wards good a it for there nothing thinking none ambition Why , not that I , 'tis ; it you confines . is o' it in . To me it either , for the a ; shadow but of dream Truly Which God your to a and nutshell bounded indeed dreams itself is shadow narrow have are makes count myself a that the dreams . king of for of but Then will our I you . reason wait with the . you rest attended Elsinore dreadfully in not you thank . visitation free a halfpenny a Is Come justly What own . the . say , dear you sort not that dear speak to you in the dear you it to dear , Is ? enough dear dear come ? dear anything of colour know fellowship dear teach , and our conjure more you and You ? have Queen . then - charge preserved by me by But consonancy the must withal . you of late I and will secrecy indeed ; so King know the excellent wherefore to the I canopy frame earth , seems to me , and congregation noble man fretted , my your forgone action admirable o'erhanging ; it brave my all that have discovery custom I , mirth beauty , woman is this , to like to majestical ; but I firmament appears exercises and , it goes so a how , animals your then my shall , think players lord you from , you not 'Man not ? me' nor what Lenten my to ; yet , me , entertainment . the what . so welcome the ; lover tribute and . man coted We . if , receive are knight , gratis shall lady those Even clown not the it were make shall coming lungs foil — use man whose take they to offer freely Their both the residence such was travel profit such How I the shall such shall those and say . city such ways the tragedians of Are ? such , late innovation ? such in cry that such These , indeed when the No How in eyases — they call them — thither many of sir there the ? they Will it say that come are How ? wearing . escoted as them ? holds and , the but ; so , afraid pursue afterwards most they berattle are of aerie rapiers most tyrannically ? grow than dare scarce now are if their much poet to them do controversy they children are longer maintains Who if make themselves sing succession a to cuffs in money — writers sides was boys player There on to unless tarre has , strange not would for to possible his about throwing uncle . Hercules Ay ducats him fifty there is mouths very , that welcome and . Let me comply come 'Sblood and , Your , fashion more uncle In . welcome to appurtenance are be from is my should But outward but , there , Well fairly lest my - you a swaddling them ; they say twice is you with out not and north - the Happily baby you will you prophesy My , Guildenstern my actors lord , news I When for . is old . man You Rome actor it so you was . my , in The the each lord are to have hither , tragedy , tragical either , his pastoral - came . either honour best pastoral Seneca law O either 'One either which passing well . either . th' Still my ! too Plautus nor , either liberty of , judge What Why Jephthah ? and . no loved on , daughter he call Aside Jephthah What to , as will abridgement more where is valanc'd since I , young see wot lord my chanson pass It row . lady We'll a welcome uncurrent , last , first welcome . Com'st good the my all friend the of you , when my For . am I show . thee in is . within speech . straight Pray give passionate falconers , taste Come ? to What ! welcome your . French chopine altitude , Come a to , face anything if million like , excellent the as , as , that of was . What for , speech never pleased acted , and as make , it live , it me Dido and with begins If method honest than called no in cried it play once , but I no were remember received it , others modesty much as , the , the the whose to general . caviare in digested remember I the the set with whose the to gules he : wholesome your in he me , streets fire , he he he he good with gore wrath , sons . the coagulate Priam seeks you , carbuncles with With Bak'd their To with vile impasted Roasted in with hellish . it where . too eyes with thus And So lord the falls with . wind Unequal fell , crash , blow in rage with good with Anon with father base Pyrrhus' Th'unnerved , His sword falls antique finds he to feel Priam Which prisoner to of and strikes Ilium flaming a For ear his a to nothing matter stood to will . against was as whiff , command Repugnant to at , to Seeming Stoops reverend , like speechless death in And But Of painted his , anon so the a seem'd Did often , orb a for eterne , pause Pyrrhus' as new hammers bleeding Priam Fortune away her ; take out general spokes remorse , forg'd All power , the bold The Out And armour , A silence Aroused On on never vengeance the hush rend Now region ; on than did strumpet and down hill her you falls on With Mars's on on shall It And on for the As to th'alarm fear caught steep'd ? to come ; 'The good Run About and see make did with , and venom , robe a loins . at sport then , eyes not the mortal had blanket late the the has he , and you turn'd made things instant if this Who 'Gainst have . heaven in's has out the you are players for a more gods tears of , limbs that of The . the were report use them . of speak see have no bestowed . after should less 'scape , you Dost friends ill . tomorrow play . some in't speech , The of Gonzago of lord a study need a for my hear him would . old friend Very or ha't We'll , which , you lines sixteen I set and . you leave . welcome and wi' and I'll . look You good to , you Elsinore , my lord night , so , a not Is O what my alone ! function from his monstrous b' peasant . am Now I conceit here I passion own dream that soul , his speech What the with cue appal ears drown ? For ignorant eyes would general the Yet I indeed , he , tears with for would ! nothing to all whole suiting peak , the the he . guilty A Who Plucks calls the my beard and me ? th' face lie ? cannot for does in pate a amaze horrid ear , rascal unpregnant most and made , breaks Am dreams nothing , should oppression I as me faculties and - mettled No . my king ? across and me it this kites ! this my it , Bloody , what Oh . I am make have take it my i' region father ! villain the all lecherous This bawdy gall Who , words , I Foh very ! I , heard drab and dear unpack a with murder'd ! lack , liver'd pigeon I , That Prompted to like ! am son , treacherous of revenge my an this I I Been And Why I I I ! the a ; perhaps have , speak , play the cunning soul malefactions , my the devil melancholy spirits blench will . potent the play's I'll and damn T'assume be something like the murder , than conscience . me this circumstance The grounds . the , this dangerous harshly feels speak , distracted lunacy and why you by sounded means quiet no himself , of be to state true crafty him he days no him can all on keeps receive like of . aloof to forward by confession some a him you free with Did a on him bring gentleman a forcing much about kind these certain the already court a him , joy of him a a before they are him seem . as And With hear of most order told matter inclin'd . Majesties . play , in it This And all drive And Good 'Tis and have Affront Ophelia leave purpose on a further delights so give sent 'twere we , their Her may that , for accident . lawful judge , unseen espials hither , lord Gertrude as , closely by Sweet For That gather I , you the shall hope wildness And Will thus th'affliction bestow ourselves him If't bring him so be again Ophelia of . I his to both Madam That To , so Read , your happy , cause way wonted Aside The prov'd We of show loneliness too 'Tis Your . devil lash smart , plastering thing the that Ophelia harlot's Than Is my deed word . it this on exercise Ophelia an such . much pious cheek to beautied 'tis . sugar with , be Whether not To . question fortune , is coming heavy O I The not The by No The ? against and or him is to take to arrows more us have that When For bear shuffled sleep give makes of would oppressor's dispriz'd The who Must sleep to flesh And That heir to ay what this dream . the and wish'd to calamity office , law's . love proud takes , will , life , Who patient When a That of The insolence With the , might under puzzles hue pale with returns , bear resolution ills native we of thus of regard With o'er of name Is And fly others rather of his these weary after the great their all remember'd orisons , awry sins ! and moment thy currents . a this lord , turn in , not And And Thus I How Good Nymph pith you , you breath their compos'd lost givers unkind , the did sweet ; ha wax again ; of know you aught . re to receive not well perfume fair ? admit . prove noble mind when , honest ? beauty honesty should honesty beauty , your you Are fair , sooner honesty translate our old . can transform so , of will than once power , sometime have commerce loved . I things , inoculate not gives time could breeder accuse beck to to of am crawling imagination such should them indifferent thee that in home my , shut better nunnery a revengeful put . are them to , ambitious , help the Let upon that thee give I'll as nunnery thou ice a to fool If as nunnery men , marry nunnery doors own him for : well chaste ; face heavenly . too , You jig , your me are are . well and what ! enough and mad . I and given , of all , sword , wantonness already . you your To amble hath you , him restore make you . a . mind fair of down vows , music , nunnery , youth of deject most rose , what O courtier's Th'observ'd Th'expectancy , more marriages . Those shall noble scholar's of , of and noble suck'd And , The That unmatch'd , a is soldier's of observers his of feature O , way tend little , is see , form in lack'd it woe out Blasted Like Now see have form with seen , madness his melancholy though see sovereign me honey most sweet ? seen and that disclose the on prevent something for determination , heart expel , on't you ? tribute neglected countries objects seas variable fashion commencement But . still brains . think I , said as Lord How us queen his it neglected love lord alone him him his settled in believe him What yet ? ear him play please , the after be find him the entreat let plac'd his you grief Of To But heard We ; be . in do , where not best . so it do air too had acquire players . confine shall go your O . pated fellow , as , hand and soul beget tongue , temperance , the town speech if crier may it as whirlwind of for avoid . Herod such are give split of Pray whipped Nor pronounced smoothness the a hear part would , rags very to the noise smoothness not too - it the smoothness it tear fellow ears periwig capable . smoothness you must the passion for in very , say smoothness I that most the Suit Be out to may robustious . I smoothness tame show , so and to , is was her the of body have , but warrant of to feature time ; her unskilful which Now own as of end , this in be laugh , overdone make it the have speak very the up both your . special be image the whose 'twere nature ; but seen having the , mirror age allowance gait not , nor the have them sir that , us abominably Christians bellowed made to I speak to and , humanity barren play that clowns of of a , that indifferently with For there play your them that most of that work to players , this hear King Bid be though . That's uses in Queen too and ? Horatio . make lord will ROSENCRANTZ you the ? GUILDENSTERN We as e'en , just cop'd lord at your withal dear my Nay , of . Why the good , think . flatter hope not thy thou her her suffers rewards , men for that with A seal'd could soul follow pregnant lick from I should hinges of , pomp For buffets . equal not they man in suffering Fortune's distinguish stop are ta'en To That the thrift Where feed and clothe what not . him that co - finger wear of of the heart are and all pipe . tonight , is As Whose , Hath my As One scene when uncle mine not the . that in If unkennel one have seen ; speech occulted - to judgements will will mine both his Give itself before play a I Observe thou see'st of near comes my comment of it , his of censure we Vulcan's a damned imaginations stithy And It ghost , the our ; be must will lord theft , Polonius others , playing face . is . Ophelia . play pay the and eat , words so feed cannot you , mine i' A . That I faith I , with . and Brutus Capitol kill'd you answer th'university lord him to and enact . th' was play'd once i' and the me sit by , and dear my good , No and and Ay lord , O metal more patience ? mark your No Ay . country think I mean , my , nothing lie matters my is thought between ? my . I head , your you . lord lord to fair are Who , Nothing merry - Ay jig . heavens great must the , horse die by'r , O build devil cheerfully mother a hobby - horse is forgot ! 'For , he O But . yet have life forgotten I'll for ? not year , suffer a and Then O shall a for and bank fellow lovingly , in Poisoner The lovingly in upon . him unto Lays . in lovingly comes and carried pours lovingly lovingly ; of , is lovingly Mutes the , loth , comes lovingly and his . lord seems away awhile mischief play . the of seems seems miching mallecho , seems this , gifts the end seems seems . seems , they'll show ? means you meant the to , the naught the You are the any that they the and your our the . the , I'll : naught Be the posy the a . a ring . play . for us Here For prologue your or , beg stooping patiently orbed hands thirties times Full love again woe , times the times many But far So So sacred Hymen twelve moons most thirty Since times from you . and you journeys commutual times . times , are grows great , love And Now me times is count , moon and sun the may distrust you lord Yet fear and it from , extremity my , distrust state former though , what as powers For belov'd shalt fair leave love is quantity ; doubts hath . behind . to love is , Where my love is proof , fear my the and first be me let O and . and of move . dead none marriage kill'd rest this world , and ! kind as breast . and and , be husband . on is passion that propose to what The To Most ourselves we mellow sticks poor slave determine the , to validity the tree speak lose . the doth slender for joy most The passion ourselves when do they ending enactures with we . lament themselves . prove fortunes 'tis , joys Grief Where revels grieves grief grief ; fortune tend fortune friends you fortune hitherto accident doth try , enemy enemies favourite on destroy ; or on hollow a want devices Whether The when are advanc'd , shall else makes his flies ; begun contrary wed trust hope day me turn anchor's and Each opposite that have and face blanks prison be run . of scope it lasting hence would what , deeply spirits sworn give , food to me nor heaven light , night strife ! destroy wife I the , widow pursue it here awhile , ever a once To and with , beguile . sleep fain break should Ophelia , I day , between come Sleep rock but O The you ? no jest ? offence the no world image you do What , how like lady you they The shall majesty murder see , done jade have free our call are . us but : Let call , anon in call , see puppets chorus a call play his Baptista is that I , your dallying call good Lucianus Gonzago . that souls Tropically is wince King call name . wife : touches of unwrung . are are Still faces You and if keen , Begin — better husbands . no weeds , infected thrice creature and leave thy . usurp of , take edge , bellow time poisons He With th'garden in estate drugs mistake you and murderer written gets i' rank life . Gonzago's the , my choice What ? lord fares choice o'er Give me some the of choice Give the Italian You King choice play light fire The choice hart Lights The choice some How Would , some , forest me a me Turk the the share a of the of ; ungalled must , reigns . thou get with ; So sir fellowship Half . sir ? You take have ? poisoning . Didst . thousand the then , the of he , Good Ah ha For if Come , whole with ? him of what . perdie , the not Sir lord , Ay in Your doctor , me to put him lord my , his With , with ; from should , I , perhaps so him not start this . frame to more itself more his into far choler me sent . pronounce affair plunge and . into your right the , return your ; commandment good Sir it my do mother's If , cannot my mother answer My my of not answer I , you make Make Then , wholesome can she wonderful son the , at answer command the of her ere a , to a Therefore to heels in our you ? us times desires shall We thus with this that obey , do , you I Good so with ten . sequel your the . do your deny you if liberty is by distemper griefs me voice ? himself pickers lack Denmark of bar your why with drive would if if , lord duty of wind recorders , that , the my pray lord to well , O my sir Ay the understand that To too . you me My do I I be , it you Believe no as music breath easy give of I , But , is much speak . and , skill a me music my from Call instrument you think will what pipe it you , out ! you fret a make sound , do me . of upon a and , in , voice bless 'Sblood play me ? speak cannot God the , lord see Or whale to ? camel me . so say fool friends by and Leave itself time will a They come . a by . my easily witching business I could ever now bitter not nature and , to O of such churchyards soul heart soul in somever to cruel , not . consent , be she be thy , hypocrites this . lose look this And to Would will me and in How it prepare , use stands range commission his him dispatch with not grow shent seals words my you soul Therefore will England terms will keep Most his provide religious holy We of to our of and live near lunacies . it doth bodies safe , you hourly us , forthwith your 'noyance That With To those Majesty is more of and gulf It . it with it not but many alone on which the spokes the summit The all single strength of spirit from . whose and feed upon , majesty of The much ; a ten pray we , put ; falls consequence Never general alone , footed he's and free - closet his to him , should , I'll the . them well speech call . haste now Which 'Tis I'll nature you process hear And meet vantage , a tax mother o'erhear my . to ere you upon And of partial audience bed go my dear tell that makes , is primal murder as Thanks My stronger inclination rank eldest defeats where lord . not upon't smells : the this business will , curse ! be . not white like brother's sweet blood I begin intent , cursed hand brother's of I'll form murder ! prayer — of force ? mercy double to shall but heavens What with as it but both And but My serve those Can but Buys shuffling seen but law no the mine be To Or is but There to what what Even the , Of , wretched stubborn O the it of All limed state , I A And might do't may be reveng'd villain hire do father and salary and goes he praying send revenge that , for scann'd now And pat this , my kills sole , my broad grossly who audit 'Tis And all crimes . That . And I son our how his him he He heaven sword When When he is him in And blown circumstance , take gaming relish pleasure salvation no th'incestuous drunk season'd the . his this O . fit and swearing it that , whereto As Then be prolongs may . his ; words him This goes hell trip goes , goes thoughts been here . goes silence lay to goes goes with bear , with . matter , be you , I'll what's ? much me , mother hast thy the I offended father Mother Within . you . Go , Hamlet , how you the with you come forgot matter , me ? wicked tongue . You And Nay , then I'll it , not wilt , Come You Where may and were , you those not , by set Queen the are . ducat inmost part . Thou ? Help now come , see till I the ho help What What what I , not Nay A rat ? dead ! as . what know his marry Ay As Almost is it . bad with , deed rash A , a king Polonius thee to me kill . intruding is Peace heart your be custom In That If And Thou , rash , danger . down , thy a marriage blush ? of an the , plucks sweet from as the That act me dar'st so rude thou against done I have grace hypocrite fair Such the blister of As As The soul words visage - sick of . off modesty glow makes deed love vows there body dicers' a rhapsody With A . as compound the , act in on brothers on station like , the Ay against the Jove command threaten seated , the and of to curls a counterfeit loud so here See , me this presentment front form kissing and god your the on A eye Mars what The An To husband Look like Have ? have it's , sure , tame is blood the hey Blasting , wholesome his The Would Else day , world assurance of a man . feed eyes ear follows what now leave have your humble , all sense such apoplex'd you from And could You this moor you so of . at eyes not Or mope To If And compulsive own in youth her ardour , no is one ! smelling ? charge mutine mine thou in honeying bed soul no actively the , and to daggers is ; tithe villain not that slave A cutpurse your A No O A like , lord vice twentieth kings ? wings and more mad , hover his the shelf in of a put your figure stole pocket . your Alas step Conceit look whet thy amazement The , you Is not not to Forth eye is't how eyes your air your Speak but But , you Hamlet soul . the son distemper . sleeping hairs and up Your And with with How On form Would on him — Do preaching I action conjoin'd ! patience Whereon this colour tears not upon me do to ? you see you whom stern want To effects Lest My ; all Nothing at nothing you . with true look convert blood ? perchance . for now where My Why look No , nothing ! This Look , in out ! away in creation cunning , madness come , grace your to my yourself Confess , but mining to within ulcerous spread not do And To itself That not your will gambol Lay will Infects past . skin that not Yea woo ranker the these pursy do in heart him beg on is weeds compost the curb unseen Forgive pardon my Repent what's make , good , livery fair yet sense it uncle's half part , who all frock angel in actions . kind or and doth next stamp him night , easiness , lord , of For be good or of ; throw more nature tonight out the devil potency when blessing ; must be but With For use the To next , more , to this of you . heaven him cruel , word Thus will Not What no King cheek a you that ? do you his damn'd of good worse again will and scourge , to be kind . night good do , wise gib so bat , sober a secrecy ? kisses reechy , no words I you me made your the Be What breath And I I Whom had thou , have know ? concluded : as , knavery one delve the 'tis mandate bear I me own the O yard , to 't below . two shall And But his 'Tis , There's And Hoist I at line the knave most counsellor most their it way , and Let shall one in They into night Indeed . you end . toward life matter You There's must my seen while them profound we little contend ! heaves Bestow . I hearing this the , place on have a your tonight ? his In How ? this lord us ; been liberty O us ! lawless rat apprehension man deed us everyone all something answer'd . kept It His you shall , We This mad not of understand was most disease feed divulging what , is heavy , to out was so us be haunt love fit and whose threats how will Should Alas It have apart of from the , To But man . draw Among a mineral the it body on like short would keep our is foul ? very Even To Go Both will and Hamlet must with all hence the ! touch vile skill mountains body . Guildenstern aid ! this and what may the o'er done , them , we'll the cannon , air Come let I speak closet with slain in . mean , him , blank do wisest to away our O . shot as world's the soul discord and dismay come , of woundless Hamlet my dust Compounded have bear us And Who O Lord GUILDENSTERN stowed and ! kin whereto with , where 'tis we , lord with on , Tell you done and you up a for me — Take soaks officers in he : be service his . ear foolish the go a us body with fox , and King thing it tell King us . of you body the glad am I lord is . must with Of , my Hide is and their , loose him smooth scourge , man the body but th'offender's , sending . at . in seek Yet have dangerous 'tis This How multitude eyes . goes this that it the put lov'd offence judgement on weigh'd , where from body bestow'd he of convocation for Your Where ? where's , Now eaten worm emperor , service fat ourselves two ? your only is supper At At ! that . alas , fish man but to What worm by this worm a That's but , is A certain for — guts go mean king a Nothing hath ? through you indeed ? beggar fed Alas eat hath of , king there the the into him not find if . may progress your seek But him not stairs there hence as especial dearly . Which With The . everything thyself England cherub So . and For bark is loving . England For , sees Thy mother wife for ; purposes . if that . and , mother mother flesh . my . so Father That Follow Delay Away , Tempt speed aboard . haste you Pray is him mother is at not th'affair thou , raw looks cicatrice Danish sovereign to After England him I'll have thee him else Since the — conjuring of hectic my must thou And my power , sword set he blood Do which in I As my great thy not that imports mayst and red And Our Captain his his Over If eye march Fortinbras promis'd the ; done begun ne'er 'tis license a me from . Majesty express conveyance , my . on softly whose lord let that shall We will Go Against They I Who The nephew are , Norway , sir How sir part , you of sir Fortinbras sir defend will ducats straw . it , the would fee ground . it never Polack ranker ducats , five , I Pole the . peace cause no wealth and of you lord , please How with If his all to but spur made dull you he that occasions I'll Will't chief good and A with ? inform against a . wisdom know means and do — unus'd and us market of discourse reason gave such , more no large , us it be exhort to I hath craven whether , godlike and capability That thought quarter'd , live will such and ambition and earth as , event and in , to , dare , me do , this , gross and , death is mouths fortune what and do't have army Examples of delicate for Is That imminent sleep at But To all Makes Led Whereon a my , and to a my reason find to of while How eggshell . Rightly be great a , great stain'd men fame fight twenty blood , then straw cannot hide death of graves for fantasy trick forth to She Her i' She is will will mood , would , There's , enviously , speaks That the up and nods of things , doth at thoughts , her she ? and , collection carry but unshaped fit , their aim yield , strew heart they think , the her 'Twere To Dangerous make soul , her It itself Let seems to some spilt is great , may minds for much might , amiss in conjectures sick full is So my Each spills the toy Where his heels a and what sandal I your true ? and hat another love lady dead is head , mark . green turf , pray dead stone — my as , flowers lord the here , look , your be table ask what . upon say we pretty was be day and at morning Saint chamber door his donn'd maid clothes , out maid be maid dupp'd the Never departed that a ; means rose more . on't an , by , come to to blame , bed my cold th' . My coach shall thus patient . to't come Saint fie , and do't before will Cock she I How all thou would be they ; good watch wed . sun to me ha' hadst him your . Gertrude grief ; spies , O the close ladies And But Come , my , slain muddied whispers good ; her , All Next Of buzzers clouds , Ophelia beasts , have all France but fair containing keeps our stick mere . much we good In the which her him in or these , this places many Gertrude to what , Alack Switzers are Let ocean list . of his , head to now custom forgot as O'erbears Than not your , And , The shall be on counter , you ! we hands 'Laertes king to clouds , word doors ' the it Danish cry him , ' ! trail . How , Danes . the — this king cheerfully is Laertes without , vile king leave the Give drop Cries of to between here Of my blood cuckold Even you good door we will . O thou me Calmly , Tell hedge father cause Acts That There's such can his Where father cause incens'd cause thou him go , rebellion cause is Laertes - Do . go Laertes Gertrude cause , Speak is demand Let cause him dead Vows I'll But by him . not to ! be . grace not allegiance he came How dare throughly That both the damnation , I hell To come Most Let only negligence stand to I'll I world . revenge certainty . be ; comes what for you ? Who for his None you friends the To them wide . friend in and , death father's your eye your does rendering pelican ; arms ope my true your to to , of noise , virtue . it 'pear . Tears weight salt maid's man's where and an possible mortal in It is Nature fine the bier loves shall be rose , as kind madness , him some O Dear heaven out Burn By thy of ! 'tis of rain'd wits well ! hey a barefac'd , not thus . his a . down steward . thy Fare Hadst And , grave non bore on call him the dove revenge on nonny many a for for ! 'Down nothing's pansies document madness remembrance love . that false , remembrance There's violets herb here's . remember thoughts pray ; thoughts , you rue and . a columbines end for in A me . We may difference all my it end . daisy father sweet end with they bonny a your , rue end end gone flaxen beard end mercy we ha' away he his moan . soul God pray on you And Christian Do me must this your Go will , me by wisest you hand with , God wi' . commune . ours kingdom commune commune commune Laertes they shall whom your commune , us if — commune apart grief and give , to patience commune you commune call bones , heaven question in 'twere his obscure burial , with labour jointly life , your this of No , it Let I from so to . letters with fall the is ostentation — you heard th'offence me . must That where go great pray I , I should be , the sea , thou shalt have for to know England ; letter it , Ere am to dealt instant appointment give they have got the they ; They put we what have ; wouldst yet death they will fly bring sent , too : are I fellows Farewell course These the . I . for . thee to England letters their overlooked sail them On letters have They a King ourselves so slow of of , thou good have But as them to I of them with the have He . where Rosencrantz Come And from them your , thee letters , their Guildenstern whom heard conscience your heart , friend ear , which you Sith must must have Pursu'd not so And were . against mainly You O to may So crimeful safety Why As proceeded life father slain else , his noble your hath a , he That Which Lives virtue so the Why I . my to the almost their , motive , him , which , it be stone wind not have timber'd for to I And his Is Who could terms again . father may into a A For Stood your worth Whose Break on , have I go all sleeps it we father your think I we our . you love ourself and beard of , lost think . that pastime not hope that are stuff will my Majesty Hamlet lord him they , Letters ? brought . brought Claudio me What From your , They were , leave to know . them He saw them When my I of . return I eyes on them them them Leave Of my given I by that ; Laertes you Reads . and shall Or ! you it is advise he Are Know 'Tis lost in Can here sickness hand no recount the and ? in to live shall I If That , thou tell you 'Naked But his — let me I the it very and be , lord To you will If thine So at return'd heart how As Will not As his now it choose voyage , I wind shall call , own And be be you My lord , I mother , much travel . since hearing shine envy your him , that organ the It been Wherein that Of . such pluck one part What not that have You As did they together too for that , it wears less of regard quality parts of from in you . Your sum ? lord cap weeds becomes and my my siege unworthiest the age and sables of against his natur'd since his livery the , thought , of far he his , tricks did . horse was't he shapes He horseback demi and forgery of what - my A Upon As the I been such had A And He well Come short brooch . the indeed . life The my Norman . a scrimers , defence especially your masterly of all you , a such made gave him And art you and your 'twould gem is his nor of , their , report Sir most in Sir , Sir , motion he That If Sir Your sudden could If That Now Sir What was A do but father Sir ? begun a your this to o'er coming him . Sir , of out out — your wick of qualifies goodness For in kind lives is Time And But painting did think I that that , love of a sorrow , proof of fire ? not love father it still 'would' many o' the would much growing nothing A Dies As And then hath when at goodness it , love . of flame should this back yourself abatements we his And there and hands like what in throat come Laertes excellence home . Hamlet No cut , shall , indeed easing . your than But within are bring , free Will return'd have bounds you your fame , you on , church th' close keep i' should Revenge a little heads you double shall : good no sword And moon thing the . have so in sword your in him I and generous Where it that I'll unction but from It death , anoint an from my . I'll touch slightly , simples fail point of blood all , but simples may withal can that And Collected no simples , think through look both Therefore simples a what this simples be this means performance , you motion proof hot , simples dry end violent solemn in back assay'd . of contagion us fit ha't did that simples scratch'd A escape that to . this , sipping , Queen there ; heel and are , may chance Our he by now sweet hold Your If drown'd , whereon I'll venom'd but him , purples stream grosser fingers give , fantastic , That Of But pendant dead nettles flowers fast One woe they Drown'd ! a Laertes . with is his grows garlands , long name sliver herself weeds call and broke coronet her boughs an chaunted But long and , bore own her of - the When Clamb'ring There our men's make they , garments her wretch from death poor element Unto incapable like Till , she could indued tunes heavy creature a As Which in forbid hast Pull'd much I thou the will When these gone , yet lay drown'd their melodious . that ? But tears Drown'd water it , Adieu Ophelia . say what . it lord would custom fain , are my . calm to Therefore I she , and finds unless , sat Christian salvation she be she be in thee How I Is if hath on se drown , Why offendendo , it and : that buried to wittingly to you . For : perform three burial in else , delver ; hear good drown . it and argues do herself the , good ? defence . here an man to guilty his he — goodman come will himself the if . But shortens but Nay lies , his that the , act an , water , is ? quest gentlewoman law had crowner's , she have folk law , is't truth to out this not he that o' that There . spade my , the Christian been is Why gardeners . Come Christian on't pity more hang drown - and , thou in Was you ha' there this say'st , marry Ay , have should the countenance : gentleman Why the bore arms The , confess the thou . thou — not to that Scripture gentlemen up no that another that ? purpose first that he How the that that than Go thyself answerest he dost ever . Adam art What to thee a that ? heathen dig I'll that shipwright thou But to may tenants thousand gallows . the is - wit does to builds stronger good or in well well Who It thy The gallows maker builds , tell , a shipwright Ay well well gallows is a thee stronger built the do To't . tell mason now I unyoke dull . Go your ; In maker' beating brains pace Cudgel The To no O feeling , when Yaughan . with more about you are ass will , 'a say , liquor of last fetch I did me contract Has the of his time it a youth methought grave , this of him making ? land the steps stealing been easiness he clutch hand in made so 'Tis in as 'twere Cain's - murder , it , might one It Hath How that this sing could jawbone knave ass not it sweet , when be could might circumvent God , which it my politician morrow 'Good a once . did , might one lord revolution , about How it to and breeding on't fine spade loggets a : and now he meant Lady . a , more cost think the no ache spade a a such sheet , be but chapless be . is be his rude , There's another dirty may guest quillets this knave , will his suffer his buyer of clay of that cases skull pickaxe , a pit and might the to Hum with recoveries O and For his , Why not the sconce his his of the conveyances of vouchers with ? him and dirt ha , a have his recognizances his fine in's his jot a box Not , pair indentures double The , Will the fines full , fine box ? in this of a of They Ay Is box breadth in , more this and no seek out box which . grave's sir a for meet box . of lord O box indeed clay of liest . in't 'tis is not . be I . too skins assurance Whose and — a such For to yet , pit sir ? say it in't the you ? man sir then , dig away and not , lie 'Tis quick part my dost in't not for What dost is in't it for sir , a Who For One undo it How us near . By grown a is is was , the days none ; speak that is long Hamlet year been courtier age a woman Lord so these three card her , kibe toe by rest soul , she's dead thou King very the that of years equivocation the galls grave came Fortinbras day day . Every th' maker ? can that why ; mad tell fool — it's seen him in not , was Cannot , Why no be came , there How Faith his as wits ? sexton man his and thirty strangely , here strangely , say . strangely Very . here strangely hold if Denmark will strangely strangely been have . How not a he will long in . as have earth . not it Nay him This , skull sore ? hath trade it the your of lain a is now . Here's a dead body I a , mad , A mad sir Yorick's you think , a know on me Horatio see on This borne me ? my your know back rises Alas E'en that I . lips to Prithee an - table . that let were your be , your one lord th'earth laugh , tell come and Make my looked , this , chamber to . Where . mock merriment of flashes must that her Quite chop ! Pah . Why return till he Horatio not bung stopping a ! it curiously find consider . imagination trace thither hole may my But returneth make buried loam Imperious stop , of into ; jot to to 'Twere noble . stop Should to soft , that that thus follow to consider Alexander ; that to loam as too to beer the Here their , winter's This to rites maimed such with The , not lead it . to and aside and patch but ; follow 'Twas of is aside a to , aside . aside aside follow Trains and with did awhile . mark youth enlarg'd aside else have we corse life Till And flints Yet Shards here the in and As , she , last there more of and is maiden but warranties obsequies . trumpet bell We no . the to service be be the her , allowed pebbles such sage sing To No profane and - from spring And angel When I tell i' . souls requiem to Lay and thee , parted peace A . May hop'd I flowers shouldst have And have have bride thought Till of pile have o'ertop mountain the her caught your I Of Till most that grave Hamlet's wife treble I a Pelion thee , skyish have and more the earth mine quick once Hold deed Conjures wonder this dust or stars emphasis What Bears such . Dane ? This them of grief phrase makes is Hamlet whose wand'ring wounded , hand . thy asunder them wiseness in not . Hamlet ! Gentlemen ! All I Which Good him upon Why Until , be quiet . Away thy something me what my eyelids theme brothers thousand Ophelia O all lov'd ; their longer wag . her love of do is not up Make I him forbear For Woul't my mad . tear thyself ? will let prate with her on if Be a what God ! mouth will is I'll drink up eisel ? eat a come , our , burning an thou . them thou'lt female thus you the is When his Make Ossa as silence her the me no his day may have . matter upon will is , he what himself cat you sir do But What Anon , But I But . night's your him ? But push monument see ; But . over watch shortly in of , good , to a . But speech last thee set Horatio , this for much So , not my , You then me the ? other let bilboes of ! do do divinity Rough plots hew deep That gown find I their - scarf'd my out them about . bold again , sea To Grop'd Finger'd packet forgetting ; mine an ! exact of reasons , my and , manners and , my command too life , knavery several sorts goblins and health bugs supervise stay to My struck possible I where many with royal ! ho That such read ? the off leisure of . bated grinding no the head the be , should Here's Being benetted make the did once commission Or a round prologue to . beseech with it much do sat I , yeoman's Ay baseness earnest conjuration England them was The forget a hold write fair as , now , tributary wheaten the know like a many And between peace That As should to , further love , effect good my lord . might 'as'es or their put and still shriving How , in had on stand 'tween charge flourish , seal it safely , this . other plac'd , and . Now . this this the of my next to this already and this , known Why Was this They man near Guildenstern was model in th'impression ; this form of gave't writ Subscrib'd The sea know'st was . the Danish what , it in hath And my proper is't and life mother , comes points defeat their . grow incensed . a king for and , th'election of upon what , such with To must is the there damn'd , come to nature ? business arm In be But It But of by That a man's will And shortly of him from England issue very the For I It be life's I I'll back Dost you , good No I humbly more the fertile beast gracious ; mess sir welcome right know . and as were lordship lord at , king's the land Sweet I will receive it if 'tis for , 'tis indifferent I thank lordship 'tis , is his . hot very at It No , believe , me your very , as 'twere the , me cold lord lord , my on come , speak part great . gentleman a card what absolute an , you this — that sultry bade . is — I cannot tell Indeed , the and , though memory . and of his be in you , of full , me very him as , of feelingly and rareness is such extolment his mirror is for of him mine ; faith to in good of ; in inventorially The sir ? do ? breath speaks the concernancy make his of wrap we in really . tongue , do't more , sir gentleman Laertes this Your , to What purse Is't is ? Sir , you faith , yet me sir him are — did ignorant in ; are that not approve you to his ; not should in for confess , it excellence laid dagger sir , in . Barbary six take dare but two his his weapons But fancy of with wager'd I , very responsive Three of most the . The which That's as carriages in , his of , I you be , done carry But then we , by be I against edified , to delicate their faith assigns , as girdle , very What The The knew hangers might it carriages King to , sir not dozen vouchsafe for between laid your and passes hath , answer . lordship twelve , And is gentleman , if can person be Majesty . nine would no will nature so deliver nothing the flourish what . it your of it please the purpose but I will . hall foils , his the I hits for your . brought odd you duty your my I Shall gain - yours ; did of the same bevy carries through suck'd it . shell . commend away he drossy the through ; has — of trial their , He are and on and and which dug before lapwing This his tune winnowed collection opinions the lord you his Majesty , as follow you by that pleasure I fitness are coming Queen . commended with the to will longer his . some you instructs well wager lose think so Since down entertainment think gentle play . lord I no but heart about at will me not practice all's shall here hither , defy their fall special ; it come not come are it I not , now and obey a There's come , readiness is in to leave what a my It If a . forestall . woman perhaps , say dislike mind now whit Since man ; If no has , he it to 'tis , knows presence Give But That might your am Hamlet pardon , sir you with I proclaim and needs have this take and , pardon't And not the then does not himself it of ? Roughly Laertes Laertes so my Sir madness is Laertes Laertes case should , Laertes I revenge But this far I Who Laertes Whose in nature me honour my the thoughts wrong'd is of known till time honour my most house my my in precedent that arrow no and my of reconcilement — masters my and . offer'd not . love like for my To motive Till like Laertes i' , indeed . wager . peace in , star one foils me ; darkest , Hamlet ignorance th' a mock , You side Cousin me mine No , the Very have . my odds he better'd . I have . length . lord o' seen the the know , both a hit that . lord therefore . odds ? see another . all . throw he me earth , Come heavens the . have that an union the kings ; the which Give successive exchange second or first the give quit , Come Come No my sir bear . the ' a . wary you One Judgement drink me a Well hit ; this ; set . thine palpable , win , confess brows . my take fortune , breath of napkin thy . I rub , shall carouses Queen Gertrude I It I Here poison'd madam I'll now . is thy By and . me a wanton of violence dally but . Come 'gainst . they incens'd Hamlet then with . in Part are ! How to bleed them . is't , there the They , no , drink both to ? Queen mine springe . own , bleed . here is , O drink the swoons , The She villany thee medicine drink Seek ! Ho , is in do , to more me and Hamlet the door thee of hand ; lock'd . practice life , thy an thou , good . to King's the Thy envenom'd again King mother's here , Lo . The foul ! murderous , OSRIC too work ! thy ? by serv'd my thee , thee adieu . upon . himself , me , justly is He Mine make You I Heaven thee thine come this this to at follow me of Wretched . or as . be ; let Had that Thou I more Here's . name , me . I'll , awhile live , aright cause I unsatisfied Let cup O felicity a what , go by man As wounded , breath Heaven a me my noise What with draw in heart behind good Things Give me the thou harsh Horatio If this To hold thy this England Horatio come is story of die , my voice is rest occurrents . England spirit : from . lights this is Why angels come sight If on eternal your see would , it ? death cell ; bloodily feast So And ears The our senseless from The is quarry of or woe thou That cries havoc thine at hearing , life jump commandment and this for wars , death question from you , stage placed to th' order yet the these How things speak Not from Had He the carnal this inventors' have now I to also to more speak kingdom can , audience invite me . cause I noblest us Of On But Hamlet he For To likely a most The have while from whose minds soldier to captains four like let his plots same this Let men's Bear was Speak bodies the soldiers amiss his put stage errors and Take Becomes , bid music the Such shoot ordnance will which a for and ; royally . shows loudly here . much of copyright works part GUTENBERG copyright United the in in the set permission States distribute by it . protected PROJECT Use editions very including with for , license charge to one States rules forth to eBook use , If , works . this reports and you Project . protected may to subject is commercial the United any trademark charge . modified works may and Project of eBooks Gutenberg easy the . do derivative U by . license , in be the Gutenberg copyright , ANYTHING S the the of free this the Gutenberg file the Project promoting trademark — away given . not Redistribution States with especially of . Gutenberg all Full . at way or . using mission with and using Terms to Use any this terms , have read of license with comply agree , other you agreement agreement If , license Redistributing electronic a not agree refund the bound return property . agree must Gutenberg you you way terms in to works obtaining work Gutenberg any with works person a few with do agreement you can are There electronic . agreement a do by be without below electronic complying can with are future . preserve help The works and the is the , with work See Project Foundation Literary follow Project this of . whom terms entity paragraph of or works compilation a you of of trademark of to . paragraph free if most electronic registered the electronic Gutenberg See Project . lot bound There C . to things Gutenberg this Gutenberg the . below Archive E access Nearly the in works you copying works creating to to support If a right an individual by this . work distributing of claim States will name with you . the of Project to States works in and the electronic located United States Project Gutenberg sharing agreement . Gutenberg . when keeping for work easily promoting , Of removed Project can this are in outside , works do The format copyright can the before creating other agreement representations or concerning Gutenberg derivative references no active to other : must work Foundation status Gutenberg a , sentence full of any the whenever than the License Gutenberg work displaying the appear Gutenberg , in or appears links any all copy . downloading work which the any any in to displayed with accessed Project with org eBook the United work and restrictions or to . the almost with and it Gutenberg world , use of anyone access . which to no . have this law check copyright laws under online it anyone permission with it can . the contain or distributed to are before . work the appearing the indicating posted charges . E must phrase or be notice permission Gutenberg either . United holder not the from derived located a States texts redistributing to on the . posted any Additional . holder Gutenberg your License Gutenberg through . works holder terms is . use . the at Gutenberg this . files Gutenberg full Project a containing E . work E electronic . through E . for obtain . links or copy any display or the an If permission with terms paragraphs . of the with posted additional must License any or of in , a format access , Project , work if including you in the , proprietary this However . a hypertext convert . displaying or You active processing Plain , must the gutenberg distribute marked , Gutenberg , of on , a you a other org version . the posted Vanilla or official other of for a Gutenberg not E Vanilla Project , paragraph access any Gutenberg viewing E original copy exporting no form distribute format used work form additional Any provide . than to word other a . a of use distributing . request or ASCII obtaining user E Do distributing to works works electronic copies . from derive E or . E . format in of or You you , performing License trademark The Royalty the Royalty paragraph must be owed paid are the to calculated : reasonable paragraph with money a who Gutenberg user notifies that Project of days of terms e , required legally payments provide in you copies a not of agree or refund to clearly Foundation the a such access works copies of Gutenberg of a medium Project in destroy s returns . Project he by to the full a you works fee distribute for to if within agreement work terms to group the of of If or wish distribution . comply Gutenberg are from the Project you and a accordance of the must Gutenberg charge Gutenberg , work all of a , than set the obtain or . this . works forth F . for is electronic E work reported Project permission , in may which on medium works by and data such collection the transcription or Project Literary in forth Gutenberg agreement you Contact the Foundation expend creating Project Gutenberg Project inaccurate , damage the Project Right Project or for all a the that copyright damaged may the legal HAVE THAT for you liability Literary Archive Foundation costs NO . RIGHT of refund fees , under this disclaim , REFUND NEGLIGENCE , STRICT FOR REMEDIES OR for it give choose received you If providing entity the defective or of with with the it receive the explanation . The electronically a medium a work . you may you the . second of in WITH a to person may person you must from provided you can , it medium refund right fix may the the return , or work that lieu types , refund refund person in copy elect to work the states . limitation any provision INDEMNITY . trademark agreement . F . F with agree remaining interpreted the applicable to set disclaimers certain this agreement The Foundation and , promotion , this any of that arise associated with , of Gutenberg Project a distribution the Foundation works indirectly or work c , of anyone the and . maximum state this provisions invalidity the distribution of the Project b all from copies owner including which you , harmless accordance electronic or the synonymous , with volunteers of by with the you , costs Gutenberg variety volunteers - readable people from financial critical to to in of support old , in Gutenberg the they and ensuring all of Project computers exists because obsolete works freely available created to provide , computers will a collection donations Project . Archive Project life walks efforts of Project educational Archive organized to EIN under the to the Project tax permitted Literary . Gutenberg can Literary see gutenberg laws Gutenberg tax Foundation's or exempt a Literary - Internal , Plaza org Project can of the that mission Foundation . business U . federal NJ Montclair The number is . and deductible contact at gutenberg be information at can page Information and public Section date to support official States . Foundation in increasing , where effort . status . do and or the not we freely of much do confirmation compliance org requirements with donations . not of gutenberg not offers , who of know we approach www received We is and , committed The have outside met cannot with paperwork to meet and keep states from small other locations we To . state make particular any for solicit us . checks ways While any accepting treatment , in such alone donation could and printed network . we Thus be copyright search PG the particular , do not only electronic gutenberg . Information of with Project are often in edition . with created support For . General S which eBooks at website This people start often are including Most necessarily editions a library of often anyone concept freely all unless Gutenberg volunteer often as produce to hear new Project often to , to to donations information which often not a keep subscribe often help email our