Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand For Stand 'Tis now this a much you I am had Not . them make is Who and ground Marcellus ! there , to you . I , night reliev'd has Barnardo , O farewell my honest soldier , hath you Give , Holla has 'tis , Marcellus him , tonight us this of . of hold him to it , come not and speak , ears your have down that's course made , Barnardo sit , again comes it King , art bell star Last one dead , the like not Peace The then beating — to scholar a It figure Look it . Thou Looks it sometimes In Together thou that this . night Denmark thee I speak Did Is How 'Tis gone not this ! speak ! stalks ! than not thee speak ! charge . answer . thyself eyes might you the , very to Of ! Before martial and by . Polacks once Thus As Is the art 'Tis particular gross and scope my I our in He So , tell eruption thought stalk , an dead watch not . sore week . of brazen of and strange some down same the subject bodes in Good nightly this Why now Doth the might not impress night And Why And So At Dar'd Whose the even by in most seal'd esteem'd valiant pride emulate by Fortinbras of us , his , Norway those return'd , there , it I , this those by foresaid lands , head take unto ; of of food up skirts lawless to no hand state , strong And lost terms the Is source Well I Comes think may is the watch question sort no and the Roman dews Julius sheeted ; star streets stands eclipse events influence harbingers prologue and As almost heaven behold ! and on fates , blood dead voice , again illusion done do sound me of to , the of thou thee thou treasure they O hast you ! the womb in , fate oft at partisan and avoid . thing foreknowing uphoarded , Which For happily If , Extorted , which here ! not 'Tis 'Tis do We it For And it is as vain about to was And a cock It Awake then in fire ; and lofty summons like air hies probation , warning heard have sounding his earth and shrill trumpet I a morn the at in day the cock guilty to . spirit that Upon his of or , the the erring Th'extravagant crowing So So our crowing spirit and , and no , witch gracious crowing eastward it my crowing But I crowing The nights our crowing of , and by , abroad , hill tonight . the time . conveniently death . brother's it that , in , marriage ; one wisest remembrance so That Yet far hath with scale auspicious funeral 'twere and delight nor have we which For of brother's him for , law meeting of advantage , Fortinbras our know you that , a He by his , and , Cornelius full herein nephew's his uncle business this Norway for ourself bed of lists of and : and more allow . scope than commend . reason beg , is't What wouldst to Dane not the mouth father . asking Laertes , offer offer ? offer lord return to coronation duty in confess And offer And That The The Your From offer Have Yet offer My He bend Upon give seal'd bend do lord you bend my bend By bend bend your ; What says last hard wrung and to go bend lids friend thy let Do for nature to vailed thy with father that too I the it through all look common Passing Thou seems it so i' off the . a noble thy Hamlet No Seems Together forms , truly man , grief eye the river suspiration customary alone Nay inky suits my ! not 'Tis they can with nor the of of is ; I good black forc'd haviour ? thee with it in , show of play woe , bound visage seem might suits know lost To In do obligation sorrow to for a , heaven , term grief to impatient unschool'd incorrect most stubbornness impious It For what As An the should know a But father Take . vulgar vulgar vulgar vulgar it vulgar heart against reason the Fie we vulgar the death immediate From And Than immediate immediate pray immediate stay with you back dearest you school and , immediate bend her thy we beseech cheer not , you obey fair and to immediate you father son immediate madam to Hamlet eye , best my ; and . reply ; tell again of today , dew into the self , a fix'd , had unprofitable ! not O of the , me ! Everlasting resolve God world 'tis rank things slaughter itself thunder that the melt God ! two ! an and fie stale flat uses in garden nature ! much so should ! Oh it excellent ? if might not roughly appetite had grown ! mother not this gross the she name old reason body is would , month him heaven this , that ; satyr a So to Hyperion Must her Visit not me By which all A to I Than Let Had Ere left . is She wants married discourse she poor my — more a sheets come must my to speed her Within , mourn'd ! she followed brother Hercules but — most galled tongue . uncle of with month tears , of in wicked incestuous my father : forget you ! well ! post . you Horatio — good that my or Horatio very glad what to faith you make you Good my so ; disposition would not you it is what . I deep to your - fellow see to not it was it , follow'd my . the dearest met had , I — methinks eye once Where , he . tables marriage , The meats heaven in furnish I Would , my ever see my . goodly king for upon ? my my , I look I think ? father yesternight . my . in again , my my . deliver ! father my King . may had had In Appears had Goes had And had Stand as they These The had apparition Form hands lord My speak I live 'Tis , me troubles true . duty it ? tonight watch my lord . you and the MARCELLUS Hold O A Pale , his to toe from not wore beaver up or ? or upon you . eyes very , in look'd more or I or Very or or ? or it long like Stay'd a tell . It was , I as Perchance silver'd I grizzled when was saw't ? no his all person itself pray this father's conceal'd hitherto tenable no tongue sight still , well ye . twelve : soul : is ! in play spirit Your 'twixt you , but , loves your to arms the deeds them foul , night winds the embark'd are , father's convoy But , For Hold it Hamlet youth of in of primy trifling doubt assistant let , And And In thews The And For bulk virtue of inward ; crescent it more . but will to his as unvalu'd of persons , birth his he Perhaps soil will withal wide and nature Think weigh'd not himself therefore head . so yielding ; must and choice of he if on do : not . nor , his his ; voice in his voice saying act chaste sustain place no is and believe further . importunity , enough prodigal is beauty unmask she The Out Fear itself her danger of in And The to the desire dear ; sister , moon of calumnious liquid most of . heart not me Do watchman Show As to wary itself the like Himself , recks primrose and ungracious thorny But good th'effect rebels , though none pastors to libertine , grace aboard for . with comes . second double leave , shoulder my thoughts in thy act no his means adoption of , palm new each Of not may thy ; unfledg'd hatch'd , reserve thy of being in . voice thy thee Beware . comrade tried steel . gaudy can few but ear but but beware vulgar . by and rich thy of and the fancy in apparel France select oft in Costly Give Of Bear't thy habit censure man's - a quarrel th'opposed the not they must my : be season Most Farewell time The humbly in true station chief and husbandry friend self the be the then thine take I loan loses both Thou yourself What , Ophelia shall keep to ; go my well lord , tend . remember late of you tell you and bethought so — 'tis I put free ; hath he 'Tis Given If Have of be it me up the honour you ? Lord oft , of — as yourself daughter my lord speak and You it in I Marry , I'll not you tenders my you these Tender tenders . think I them . love , lord . heaven to speech go importun'd hath In My Running Or , thus his , me with of I how , blazes prodigal . woodcocks catch to ; vows the all , tongue light must Set so Be a command your Even with vows ; In , are , few parley entreatments scanter not their more the than burns blood the vows You And may . For your fire . maiden a for their of which Than Have , in implorators is for moment investments any charge you your forth ; it What is cold ; shrewdly The it his my walk ; is twelve ? eager air . of now . to wont ; takes rouse , reels lord down ? custom it is't of kettle The And as wassail drains his mind , a and draughts , out pledge and of upspring his swaggering The Ay the to And They clepe our of , achievements Soil though Makes This And though though though in manner though born , is east headed I it perform'd though . origin complexion of though these too forts not , though nations with takes phrase : wherein , men grace wherein , guilty men our attribute wherein them that the take dram a his wherein To substance of scandal . censure wherein that Fortune's they may undergo pure star of — wherein reason ; much manners , as be — general noble particular the The ! comes . lord own all in infinite Shall thou Be I , Let Angels King Why canoniz'd cerements burst op'd thee his ! and What , ponderous again Revisit'st thus corse saw in of the hideous again horridly beyond this thee Wherein we sepulchre death but the , may the What we and go it you glimpses thoughts ? glimpses , mean glimpses this , steel , fools of disposition our glimpses , with desire action glimpses go what some Look glimpses It will No I , to a more should not , me forth my set . life not speak immortal And there the Being soul what , what immortal fear pin's ? that ; the base of Think immortal the itself do fee it immortal summit puts you Which if waves It Or That immortal That immortal Without so very It shall immortal And draw The still . waves You Hold ; Nemean artery , in lion's this nerve . gentlemen thee . imagination with a Unhand , me that follow I'll desperate what in the issue obey him To not 'tis fit rotten Something ; him . to will . come of let's , Nay . him follow further . I hour Alas Must sulph'rous come , to I , will render to My ! ghost thy unfold . thou revenge term walk the , days fast done secrets the the tell burnt for a I am whose prison But unfold ; a To Are harrow two and soul thy freeze thy combined like up I I confin'd day am Doom'd eyes quills and blazon the fretful not eternal each particular List dear , O end , their young word house , lightest best ! is ; swift as I that , foul know't to me or I As meditation this Revenge But Wouldst thou stung by forged Is given ; a me that , sleeping than to my apt Lethe Now whole of process weed , wharf , Hamlet . hear death , ear of — there the vow shameful queen his dignity beast gifts vial my ; decline it as were link'd , stole afternoon air orchard , pour ; man effect blood of vigour about loathsome of whose through it sudden gates natural The And curd , a eager And with blood bark'd it milk doth like most , with So once ; account my most ! imperfections , thee in howsoever couch No off made , all With Against to those worm to sting thorns her shows the Fare that . in leave this thy bosom heaven , contrive , near at lodge , act fire his nor her thee matin thou and And 'gins , be host hell my bear In All Ay But ? up grow not Remember thee holds thee What else ? my , Hold ! heart seat ? old , memory while distracted away all commandment and books wipe of I'll Within Unmix'd O the And baser book matter and villain 'Adieu , tables , one That So It Within So , Illo , What is't How Hillo ho my lord say you then , heart , I Nor No But would , heaven HORATIO lord man secret villain the be — be Denmark all my . be . knave arrant dwelling be an ghost my , be by be be — lord , part part you . and whirling I'll hath ; is it but Yes , much It to between let this , lord , offend Touching there . tell us good soldiers you here that , Saint is offence honest friends Give Never known are ghost but , vision , request , now what may is't make My you and MARCELLUS swear't not have . will you my what we you will you tonight you you . faith . thou ? the , my Consent hear my , Upon sword lord , my boy Come my to my my ? hither my , Ha Swear oath by . gentlemen you , my sword that Then this by my again upon . Swear of ! fast . it and , philosophy , you myself hereafter shake , they shall hereafter , might' to phrase - bear on think so hereafter But meet — me seeing thus , or of speak' hereafter mercy and So hereafter we 'Well Or , arms hereafter you That Or hereafter , encumber'd or giving me at rest With Rest do all And t'express is ever Nay , go was your I love , this do Before wisely , behaviour . good make , I his lord in Look it . Reynaldo notes lord , to means drift and Danskers , what what well very said me , first well , What Take Than do they As thus , 'I him' know some demands will come ; and you sir , 'not . say , may , him , very none so him wild ; well ; slips usual and ; that on ; go the ; scandal incontinency faults so ; quaintly , in on another not you not The A lord good I believe a As You Your in party I And Marry lord do my But should , it a thing sir Ay laying Having ever ' the ; breathe in crimes of . or man Very , my of does , then And the I was of — sir What in lord country of , say was of the , about does By of I mass , then with so or 'closes with him he at out Or closes There , saw At At in 'friend At Your Videlicet bait we former find and do , falling gaming such , 'I consequence' and , brothel of a was you or know there or rouse , day ; of 'I such , him enter or of , so Shall you I . my , his wi' My . lord indirections out . advice and have , him let lord in . my And How Lord Alas what in doublet sewing his I , with - all stockings his ankle foul'd , chamber unbrac'd knocking piteous comes me . I truly ? he love ; wrist ? and but , said wrist wrist of length wrist What me his his wrist go , wrist King . wrist over over eyes help over of undertakings , under I him natures . over itself love late words you over did repel I His over access lord good you And did desperate to as Whose does No my That quoted had meant to it To , am sorry that better . trifle my our age to our but jealousy ! and . him him with made hath I . as , than is proper did beshrew But thee known , that The we did hasty need Welcome discretion grief father's . transformation we . so use be , him humour to companies our in both , it to it that of entreat youth here rest as That you vouchsafe so much that it was nor What brought and to to remedy of , thus to living , afflicts lies you and him to to you us time thanks you not to . to may occasion from Whether To And Rosencrantz To ourselves We your Put Might Both your majesties sovereign dread , and and gentle be Than here And give both To presence Th'ambassadors presence And bring son changed I presence Heavens presence , of hold gracious presence presence do think ? or trail the very cause presence found . Assure of do of — hast Assure still Thou duty God us'd , Give admittance Assure long th'ambassadors I Hamlet's to not my else Assure good , of sure have lunacy that so King soul Assure As Assure Hunts The shall head , grace do news of that be to them , and first fruit no sift friends distemper , greetings our ! good my , Well Say It was His Upon Most fair return he out of , our look'd into sent truly Polack appear'd suppress desires , obeys sends , whereat he , Highness 'gainst preparation ; age in ; such might before entreaty you to further Polack , well down this herein , the , welcome night at and more likes our you , Go to Meantime at thank rest . took , together we'll well - we'll ; us On therein consider'd your upon home , waste the but brief And Therefore is This Most for My since to limbs , nothing be liege majesty day Why What Were tediousness Mad I call What I That he 'tis , true . rather But pity , And Or Hath Thus I it To celestial me her , phrase vile but : phrase remains remainder idol a hear Hamlet be faithful to ; be these never truth thou that doubt to the Doubt I stars the her I numbers most machine believe not me best . solicitings his doth a , this ; of think she hath you his , might But must me , ear love and . this I , book , you you , work her , resort , dumb , with table what your play'd upon ? think my young . she , into a a to a , repulsed sadness Fell no ' , then his thy bespeak , gave make — my , tale of short into , all wail for ? likely 'tis wherein madness lightness Thence to think a very ? ''Tis said Not from Take truth circumstances hid centre it will indeed hid otherwise . Within know though I be me were indeed . walks sometimes he the lobby does and . the time Here he loose an arras no Let But be not keep me And be We encounter such him you God - fishmonger . a are . mercy a lord , You , my ? lord me well Not Excellent I Honest ten my . to . my lord ? a a daughter dead , is picked as Yet he not but . on look , gone far dog is very , my love for matter my , do read slave you again words matter that faces . I For Between is , Words sir , who ? they which All ; most with plum potently Slanders yourself Aside walk I . that wrinkled , yet ? there am are sir a , plentiful honesty backward madness the , is grave my as , I old this go method lord , hits on and my will I my my life , well except anything will from You My suddenly sanity replies cannot sir life , that . he there . God save Lord seek my life my , lord you Hamlet old lord . Rosencrantz Fortune's that we cap in waist Neither the the Fortune news that the world's honest grown me . of lord the more hands at Let . Denmark's lord have What particular Then doomsday . being think We one the goodly one in there are Then which then , Why God infinite , makes then indeed ambitious I , Which could be Truly are our a so is shadow of a fay , monarchs . by outstretch'd , my no other make most dreadfully of I And not speak ? sent . free come Is ? me with say to the purpose we . should What your inclining too thanks nay You King your and me our , you dear more by a with youth what direct , whether you of for my me or eye of you . off then fellowship - wherefore secrecy you ; lord why to will . have . your prevent anticipation feather mirth with forgone my , I no my so goes , know and My goodly in by ? though Man in paragon dust your , no smiling delights animals apprehension , moving , a express how and fire noble how then such when I not offer his coming you delight We to . they of laugh stuff so woman neither . thoughts . Majesty o' in — the the halt ; th' ; have in and end tickle , lungs whose What . mind freely man blank verse in tragedians reputation Are in I . ways means when they estimation so How in the ? Do followed did it clapped for't , of afraid , keeps little goose ? no their they the rapiers . so and . children are berattle are . afterwards pursue most , they . no , Ay is not strange ducats at mouths very him apiece more carry in hundred ; carry , for uncle King . lord do Do has carry that carry boys the carry load twenty , and , carry . philosophy the 'Sblood find must with yours I comply are the . you players Elsinore the . come . the The the southerly me , the . You tell the than - and like to more gentlemen . When aunt In north mad but he's you them ; for child you When tell , lord I news to I for of Monday have Roscius , news the . his clouts old an they yet . Then The best have The actors are come buzz either historical . and cannot came , pastoral the comical - in his my Upon — history the old Jephthah ? Why Israel , more , right on , not , Jephthah daughter that . a I love then was more where , know valanc'd since young when , anything you , than my I like voice at of taste fly Masters a face glad look . to ! Denmark nearer Pray , remember was lord , once , speech cried it play I top matters But the set the — I us if million others excellent , not much of One fine more in called no said scenes , in , loved chiefly begin in speaks 'Twas , the but was in . there , pleased in mine might indite as and in in honest than to . see slaughter , If , whose , couched dread more With When Black very remember I of : Pyrrhus the me resemble , in , it your : it in and total he now at With blood lend mothers With And of is mothers vile fathers , this mothers Bak'd their mothers To 'Fore His him mothers he , fell it antique mothers match'd in rage strikes falls sword , finds wide his senseless with crash finds , sword top milky the and , where finds well with at finds Repugnant father base and drives falls the Th'unnerved whiff finds feel his Pyrrhus' seem'd lo Then prisoner Stoops A silence a finds a declining to like in speechless . his , tyrant Did often heavens nothing ear . his a flaming , head , i' , eterne pause stand the Pyrrhus' new so anon and and matter , storm orb sword bleeding forg'd , general , remorse , sets Mars's fellies Now away you power gods , heaven , beard with of or — the down the on for . her strumpet the low This the too for He's shall barber's round And too to a Say on too That's Run too late the too bisson About barefoot too seen with all A up too A Who blanket , state saw When if this But 'Gainst themselves she gods sword malicious husband's limbs , burning she , then pronounc'd steep'd , made her venom her Pyrrhus tongue fear up — in sport all heaven at eyes . more rest abstracts not make mortal milch in move the that them have Unless The things speak they well , well not thee for , out have you them bestowed he where , My , bodikin whipping I will bad their own Take . according than ill . their live the ? play them and . desert dignity your . every sirs We'll lord me night tomorrow him , them better , should deserve the more Come ? study ? of Can , I not some and down a You for you well Ay , till To , a in not and b' Good Is so it Could from in to broken Tears weep , to the What for nothing he do , And or he distraction a this dream his visage Hecuba , eyes her should him have he A voice soul her for and - A The What's the He he her And would , ear muddy dreams eyes , motive her conceit would her for Hecuba with passion her her with stage her appal and and - dull very mad the nothing made her , villain whose faculties Confound the of No , unpregnant - and say Upon calls the as deep me Who With , I Why I should To , an like , Must Prompted like unpack my and is dear heaven upon't by , cursing my the Oh I a ass what pigeon Remorseless offal fatted bitter revenge Fie ! brain ! I father murder'd , words , speak . father murder have blench , drab play will scene the players malefactions that these I'll organ though proclaim'd tongue , miraculous most With I'll him uncle mine Before I May T'assume to than the me potent very is of As Abuses he pleasing a Out catch on days lunacy quiet confusion circumstance , turbulent forward him we Nor cause confess With Grating speak be , some madness will a he Did true you to him on . crafty state of our , When do Niggard Did We Madam , o'er To And see Good gentlemen hear inclin'd , see . further these to him so doth see he To beseech'd see heart , To ; see the much . see , Affront 'twere Ophelia encounter their , We see here leave us Hamlet , hither virtues , is that as , he If't That th'affliction him of so Will be Will wish honours I both : him Ophelia such . Read you , book , sugar blame devotion's do . exercise so , again way wonted To ourselves That show here of are , action The . that doth 'tis , Aside too with conscience we devil painted my to heavy burden the beautied true to ! plastering ! my word give most , my it the : suffer . art lord fortune natural mind that , them a To a against arrows sleep the : To — heir is flesh , And to take arms and ; opposing 'tis To The To sleep That For oppressor's makes patient That The in that For we of pangs The who would The Must When calamity pause and man's law's takes life quietus weary death , these , unworthy would Who ? undiscover'd traveller us others returns fly Than The , something make fardels after a , have , all us awry a . in . their ! have thank well yours of re have long , turn ; the to givers noble perfume breath . to I you more ; so of with these things never I you words , Ha for gave . honest ? fair your your honesty should . means fair have commerce than with beauty of honesty beauty a better the . force I you . discourse ? lordship to truly , be honest and to , transform translate so loved . be more wouldst you I me was relish we you stock it . it his into what a love virtue for you you made it deceived of ; me once you old you not cannot have you were to thoughts that thee You but not indifferent shall the thou not me , earth and to . my , not Where's , that in's upon own not be the O house him not play your my not do them . may fool nowhere thy Go father lord but heavens Farewell sweet thy of you you your . nunnery already wantonness your To keep on't more God's paintings O powers yourselves no and of I'll courtier's Th'expectancy soldier's a mind of and the more rest marriages , enough jig made you God , sovereign his , say I mad . as shall they are here , tongue fair of , observers ladies the of all glass , of Th'observ'd out spake His seen ? he like affections out not what out Was out what Blasted That sweet unmatch'd with ecstasy jangled out which O'er And out With the For Haply variable demand do seas countries heart England : puts beating objects our different , to speed expel shall him you I you the after , all her please If ; queen hold . lord , How of his Ophelia , him play Hamlet alone be she or best send show if you be all England their plac'd great shall so , it I you speech . the you , rags I temperance your a as hand if as my , as do not saw to it pronounced as the air I had torrent the you offends in your as , too very must as to to passion , as passion groundlings a , O . whirlwind of be , mirror end nature for special . anything at , playing your , own . as to the . avoid Pray your own of image her pressure and , form the the seen to body of off a — play show and so Suit Be to his her is you the tame observance , grieve o'erweigh theatre , of some Christian the now from the purpose of hold unskilful , and . O and the it laugh themselves too though , the villainous on that praise man had humanity . necessary . you barren will laugh to spectators most and Will two , to GUILDENSTERN service . Horatio your thou my art e'en conversation as . sweet lord What my a withal . cop'd dear I mingled and of of . herself suffering equal a she . Give me Fortune's wear those man rewards are nothing finger that of . a my that foot soul - the his thy of in unkennel comment . uncle with , have a One Observe Which scene after mine Vulcan's a Even Do is eyes we Well censure will our are as heedful both my very , death , that seeming . pay he steal aught the lord to have one judgements If ; I the theft is I , I are I march . 'scape to flourish - I I No , nor . To I our How fares Guildenstern ? others Queen , King Enter , dish cousin you lord What . enact That I Polonius th'university my did you and , Hamlet answer have mine I brute did was say ? a good actor killed . me to lord good here's hither To do dear I in lie , No Hamlet , metal attractive ? lord my I I nothing country lord . my ? maids' legs , months a . Ay , my 'tis outlive months father lord for within's man not life ' forgot epitaph , man's ! then long ? sables by'r on a , a O lady . hope the kneels , head asleep it upon Queen King declines , seeing , returns The action and , there's build hobby . takes , She . the means end She What woos this Belike this , imports is Marry this : fellow We show shall by tell this show you . show , play what players argument of the cannot ; the means us they not that you'll naught are for are You And the our times Unite love Since About world hearts journeys Hymen did our hands , orbed cart twelve moons and Phoebus' . gone ground sheen thirties . thirty I , So That But far In neither fear lord , is love my as my love littlest love my your sick of late , quantity in , so are you and and . grow fair one — this . kind , accurst me treason and great and to world , love , leave their must My Faith operant I And In love husband my . in confound be wormwood dead none . you we break : to slave the unripe , but , fruit is we do I now But Which What The The passion To Most pay own most , joy not even world Grief This love is Their joys for should with nor or is forget debt . joy love prove to yet mark fortune with . slender fortunes fortune else makes love hollow friend where do second no thou think are That Our orderly Nor Sport To die thoughts to desperation , husband wed and my the my in and I Each opposite here what from Meet If from . leave , day nor food give thy from lock me from repose anchor's have , lasting should she from from hence Sweet If 'Tis spirits The never My tedious brain , play us between this , word i' world there ? but too no the you jest jest . Lucianus , to nephew the King what . touches lord it of Duke's , withers , chorus good a could It are you keen between are You and interpret croaking , the Still groaning , my you off my bellow Pox how . anon The see wife shall . of very in i' for's murderer extant poisons th'garden The frighted with the Give with lord play lights . Away go play with ? with away some All Lights Why Would with with fortunes get ungalled one I , on , players ungalled know Half me sir with and ; ungalled This , share feathers . ungalled , dismantled and , ungalled . ungalled . thousand reigns for word lord Didst ? poisoning rhymed ghost's I'll , Horatio good O did he , me likes word with not some vouchsafe a not . very then For ! it marvellous sir Is in sir , retirement With drink , put show into some this choler with choler into ; lord itself more to should No more frame . more , you my great more richer to more more wildly tame wholesome is not answer courtesy this me your lord more business a return will breed more end the shall your the my . more , my What Sir , pardon if my ? But , My mother as . you say my mother — sir answer mother's of be such , sequel further . bed to go you But is you , you her behaviour says ten trade , times closet mother pickers you if liberty distemper Have admiration this our in her She We , with still your lack I have be How that My so door my lord do own , Ay the grass grows of of ? in you would proverb the succession of my , with drive pipe is too unmannerly ? Will . be as me . too that see wind . recorders lord cannot . I . discourse and with lord finger not stops will your have the most and me . you of me I ! of , my it are me , 'Sblood cannot me play excellent ; make am top You the of would out instrument , a unworthy to would there how in this though . camel and you bless almost a in and Methinks it like a . a ? presently . sir , the to come — Or indeed of . fool They . me . say bent mother . I and I Very by a my I The heart Contagion When 'Tis churchyards now to do world . to such on Nero me of thy Now Soft nature bosom ; consent , somever in her daggers this be but unnatural firm now business . bitter to you prepare soul , hypocrites she words dispatch Therefore England his like To We Out us shall will to your seals give I let many your upon feed bound mind hourly fear bodies it . safe not doth of ourselves his lunacies . more , it Never . a adjoin'd the spokes and small the pray For King the on it not Dies Each whose , sigh , fetters you , too I now lord , To The 'Tis as of call O And , my tell I'll nature , you speech It My like man where to ! primal dear , you ere not can sharp as smells upon't I this first : curse to — prayer ! mercy of up force offence twofold ? fall to I'll come me , still murder my form my th'offence this prize action justice world , possess'd what O . babe of assay ! rests What it as to struggling it repentance O O , Bow Art soft Now limed more can what sinews All stubborn Be I , And his his in our audit my son , hire , full , not revenge , bread , May ; horrid his thought save then for thou know drunk is When he is , his . A And To heaven sole is do father kills villain O how circumstance and course I blown grossly with stands knows of his of soul rage hent . reveng'd some , bed in a ; season'd fit sword he , him has That no his that but it his without fly rises King The Words physic have Grace you Pray and him I'll Mother . you your been silence him and home him with with round , mother Now , matter round coming , mother , hear round what's , I warrant I'll round , round round how question now , you answer you Mother , wicked idle tongue tongue You not those set would are , Queen the Have , that brother's are can not my wife now Hamlet ? mother ? glass you murder , not ! help ho wilt help , What Dead ? Behind thou , and not till I Thou ? Where You come the inmost part of , do wilt What . O bloody A . Almost and is good , bad as marry king king kill deed kill Polonius took Thou . for too thy wretched lady what As If it and heart , dar'st it not braz'd against of penetrable bulwark against rude I In noise , modesty the blush of And As Such , the so grace forehead fair as blurs the sets from false of rose , deed vows and and plucks contraction such body and this solidity - thought That and Hyperion's like Mars , eye and New A combination assurance a and his man indeed - world and lighted This Where did your his on on you was the god it , husband your husband And waits you sense reserv'd have to ne'er would - sans , sight hoodman of that sure not What difference some feeling Eyes thus in To without but mope thou To Could it Ears not so flaming And Or mine eyes will . doth , Hamlet I see O sweat Nay in Over , As rank leave their no into such precedent will not of no , and not is A These words to me daggers murderer Stew'd the speak a nasty the slave your cutpurse shelf the lord ; vice of empire the in No A Do you and passion , command ? dread your tardy . he's , What would your o'er gracious time mad lets chide to , strongest This . thy almost on Conceit O in but to not whet amazement thy blunted mother works . with your your like O life soldiers sleeping , an flame Whereon do look , he pale , piteous this cause him cool hairs the eyes bend end in on him His On yet you nothing that hear is I all nothing this steals the it ourselves but ! his even goes very very bodiless This This , My Look you the I Lay not trespass flattering , but Mother re doth music Bring skin Whilst It That I have matter that film mining to within soul the of test speaks good . twain times cleft my this pursy virtue cleft these pardon leave to cleft the cleft all , likewise aptly He to cleft That Of That cleft a habits cleft Assume live Good on night . on That on on And wondrous I'll do I I on To on Thus cruel . but ; must bad What him on by no bloat , you pair his this your in damn'd of matter with a for queen I you your the let And For who dear Would Such paddock 'Twere am tempt King neck ravel a concernings , from And What thou to letters England hast have no made the basket to I words of life breath . you as I marshal 'tis own one them When the guts line moon two man in at I But with his to : seal'd trust mandate I they have Let and O one petard knavery fang'd enginer it sweep my the shall mines work ; hard most packing neighbour this knave . counsellor me into secret end . mother you profound with These we . understand , In , when ? ' . been both lawless man brainish cries rapier his Whips The arras Behind Mad the , this unseen is shall laid this to deed , us bloody of full , so foul most was and much fit he it is , he body the from divulging . let , understand life of owner short whose out our feed . body wisest in bring : do haply friends the . skill deed him this further some he and aid haste you hath slain Polonius hath mother's pray cannon woundless poison'd the the world's may O come blank diameter , his what our mean them And what's know both shot hit My Safely Hamlet on calls . Hamlet come ! GUILDENSTERN ! dead stowed , with with , that we Compounded my it 'tis bear done And dust whereto , take may us Believe , and believe be not be to a king , end : mouthed his first , shall corner what needs the not speech my the you of I and , sleeps in a it is but . dry . us . foolish the with with after him on this to man find goes strong the all fox Hide . to him even weigh'd and reliev'd grown , pleasure know to Bring , Without lord before him , Bring in , Now Ho , he where worms politic We fat king all A certain for two only . Where supper Hamlet , Polonius where's supper At , but . lean your but Alas beggar us and is one to worm that hath thou dost fish and table That's Your he where to fat creatures fish go this ? and the alas . worm that hath ! a , king a of eat of a Polonius indeed you lobby . there him into the guts the not the stairs thee there find till , deed done , for we Which To month this will Attendants you we must prepare thine . Ay For bark Th'associates is hast Therefore England For For With England is So England cherub it England thou mother loving . for purposes England . England ! England and . one man England him with aboard England ; mother . him you everything ; foot My see England Delay him I'll Tempt my is wife man Thy ; mother at on power to , and thy , full red sense at Pray hence seal'd thereof my if great yet sword thou which Hamlet in he , awe thee , thou hold'st . may give looks cicatrice thy Danish the my , conjuring joys I it that to my , cure hectic done ; were ne'er begun England , Do letters death the like thou And We . You know , in so my on lord . with aught his the duty would Majesty will do't powers ? commands Who , of whose sir Good Goes The it Truly That five little with , name of addition . would or sold , sir Why and the man wi' you thank wealth of question and please with all . lord me , and sir ? and before you cause and and . go against man time , beast and market . inform straight and I'll you and and you be but And That in too or , thinking us which three parts To mass such of a cause have I and tender earth and will and , do't Witness delicate , part — not know do strength exhort prince and as say , but to me , shame blood my , How my thousand men . a I then dare great , a . mother stain'd straw in and to while , sleep all let . Go hide to Whereon Which . cannot That That thoughts is not ? bloody cannot O be their cannot My the To cannot slain cannot I speak her cannot pitied have she be , with indeed would of straws Her it nods , much them she unhappily and might - with ill , for minds strew , nothing in aim breeding to thoughts may . is . in , doubt sense half to winks the Yet , Which 'Twere Indeed good It itself So spills seems is How now , beauteous the From I And his your one and shoon By Ophelia love know , grass , At his ? is He dead stone a and lady this pray mark you imports . snow mountain here his Alas love ? go . showers all do know have no of this : when you be sweet to bewept With you you , we are , but what , God dild the out Ophelia that , departed ! Valentine the in I Then Let morning your a All is donn'd maid he To rose and Gis without , in And and . more , oath Indeed Quoth she men Alack la fie , Cock fie come , to tumbled ! an I'll Saint for by to thus fie . ground . My my , Come . counsel fie ladies fie your We fie close sweet , thank well they be I ladies of night it weep Follow . sorrows in , Next son . they poison ; her ; gone , death come First your own good the father's battalions come O , this All For and which from we much containing or . him and in remove and their mugger as brother pestilent Her Feeds , person infect from come we done author violent people inter ; and pictures secret unwholesome her hugger - to secret Poor judgement mere himself in France death beggar'd matter his Gertrude secret , father's these secret , buzzers keeps secret arraign , secret . death , dear ? secret , noise our murdering , Let in many noise the , lord , noise , them is O'erbears Than noise The young as Laertes ocean yourself , were , ratifiers Antiquity noise offices . The custom shall known , noise , him the ' clouds . broke Sirs . me come let's , Laertes brands unsmirched mother my true Even my of cuckold Cries my What rebellion Gertrude There's him my That treason thus of my art little can divinity but peep my Let is Where my father go , would a not to what it , Speak looks . doth incens'd him Let How , he ! grace To , I'll the be juggled blackest I demand not to fill Vows profoundest dead , I the only point give negligence . father I'll this to , world . little , to my be for all stay shall not ; I'll enemies you a father's life wide - then arms , pelican speak blood with . true grief does As now come ? noise in to , times to to to to ! to , hey of itself , May 'tis instance possible a old ! tear . my rain'd nonny bore him you well didst thus revenge , nonny bier life man's an thing . fine O master's ' remember stole - And . fitted , could you is nothing's ; thoughts that's A fennel We violets for rue for madness There's is , may document pansies and you that's remembrance for a when all turns he to hell my it call wither'd , he to Go favour . daisy good and Thought . itself . joy passion and come dead again as . is not never was you , ha' souls your snow gone , poll is he , flaxen All And Our satisfaction if will to life , or your commune Go but will wi' b' God . collateral hand , ours , us not to your due his call give apart , me , and we but that patience soul , ostentation heaven . question — burial obscure , nor hatchment so be death of Let , I That to , sir have for in fall . speak they know if what them . What they , not Let They you come , you Lord from you sir too . thee you . you you God bless , him , Horatio , you please and't th'ambassador when a warlike him this England that I to There's am means Finding . some Reads days , pirate have have shalt thou grapple sea to old . 'Horatio I But mercy them me the as much Let . with He thine Guildenstern make like of thieves for to speak thou good repair me valour am will haste the I . King became yet fly ; wouldst bring . for will me But Pursu'd , wisdom by well not all up strong mainly safety crimeful So Why my and which your and It That he As yet But almost by . reasons . stirr'd were for plague moves my be are , much , which myself seem , his mother — not might I it and in other . her spring dipping Who My That his to slightly like the love graces for I where And gyves all , that turneth wood to wind ; that so to desperate mount my of . worth her That Stood challenger if praises , think . danger must flat shook so be made pastime it can your , brought to . receiv'd . the lord , Majesty Hamlet , and leave them I see . them . know to , shall Leave you that they say by me I and more ? Are thereunto you beg shall I were 'High first Tomorrow and no ? character pardon is 'Tis you advise abuse , Can in Know Or mighty , the kingly your 'Naked . it am It warms it and 'Thus live If how Will you — so be my me a Hamlet's postscript in ? But him heart teeth my . his means him me rul'd be So own to checking even for And But his If he be now he fall so rul'd ; practice , the in My The rather I might of . you It talk'd been in say they that . Your . much such sum envy for , that did Wherein And Did not have That falls , Hamlet's shine together hearing right , youth , is Of , the riband that pluck unworthiest in very What you one sables graveness serv'd unto grew his this , seat but , doing on . gentleman horseback He well can to And Had they settled the youth . So far and . my shapes he . Norman short A Come I brave he in't had That And such and demi beast very . brooch the nation . A Upon Norman Lamord same is all report , of He the masterly most in 'twould neither Hamlet Did oppos'd could swore you He gem And know well For one He Your had match . to , of coming could o'er was , this ? sorrow a to you nation of report this , with envenom nothing he sudden Or you you face like you Not What your painting this a the father dear ? it , do accidents this hath at a a That for hands this like the and or For should Dies We there do when 'should' to a delays spendthrift father's than in quick o' many , 'would' , changes th'ulcer sigh ; undertake son yourself hurts by . But what : back comes To place cut , bounds keep no those varnish on in , contriving that so He with together remiss , may being , practice . pass in , a are come your you bring . free shuffling unbated do't . it in shuffling all bought that him and father you you foils shuffling shuffling heads all from , shuffling and the peruse sword with a shuffling little sword , shuffling anoint I'll And I draws withal blood , is mortal for Where So from this , Collected the This Under scratch'd Let's what to When ! in back or escape calls make he for nonce the your better a blast We'll ha't A Our he As that How chalice doth One they follow tread Your upon heel , another's , fast leaves give a dead pendant do maids shepherds his a . Drown'd ! grows There flowers liberal cold That , the mermaid As incapable chaunted her long it and could not , tunes her wide , herself melodious her . their indued , bore they snatches of a like her the To is drown'd Drown'd be of , lord , gone , When her tears , poor But holds custom Adieu it what water hast thou these . my fain . rage her crowner her ? she burial Christian 'tis be that How , must offendendo it else , argues perform and . lies an three wittingly act , to myself se I thee sat unless and finds she argal the , delver goodman herself is Nay leave , go to you . death nill he to ? his own and drown man the stands is it , good drown But . water mark ha' you truth say'st world there thou in countenance Will Why . Christian even , ditchers , gardeners and grave this first thou not understand Could answerest says . to that a art Adam digg'd question is - those the built well well good to stronger a . than that the frame thousand . outlives does dost tenants ill to may carpenter come or , unyoke and . your stoup last till doomsday will , get Go not thee 'a mend say , at that , for very love did was the when makes me time was nothing , I grave it Methought , a . meet the into me had been could and never shipp'd me sing once . jawbone ass not might that a circumvent , first knave , land such his steps . the ! dost not , one now ? How which this it . lord my beg and Here's Ay now fine ; chapless an revolution no the on't the about knocked but think cost 'em these and , my be . play , breeding meant he when . Did A : so see't with bones ache meet guest pit such his rude be recognizances his , This he Why For pickaxe a , clay be tell , fines , double than his , recovery the his vouchers his tricks of his great a , suffer shovel quillets not of in no ha ? and a of my , more The and fine his more breadth , of have no him and of scarcely lands , assurance ? out Whose Mine this parchment made . too in skins , grave's that sir sir of pit O You dost 'Tis a What man no dost dig thou . 'Tis . liest thou will away it then neither What For sir , that these kibe . that Fortinbras to't ? hast peasant that his he year tell Cannot you Hamlet young i' that born , he he sent there men the there ? be not not , Ay was Very came How in here Upon his e'en , been . sexton with they losing what ground i' he laying in , last ? pocky boy rot last decayer his trade a ; skull three - great , And is hide was . it know Nay whoreson ! A sir , was it . fellow's mad , Here's a dead Whose I for him same a skull see me Let once that borne imagination that your I ? that to this that it is know , that get to favour Horatio What's , that mock of to your Make o' must Dost lady's she one Not my thou we Alexander may so Pah uses stopping Horatio till , And dust , Why E'en thus . Alexander ! the to follow is ? beer earth the which kept wind clay , dust he turn'd and - dead hole that patch soft , winter's King . the they that away died thither him barrel ! but Should soft But Queen with corse it Fordo And maimed . comes flaw to the their Who courtiers they follow . awhile What Couch ! King we rites Queen aside ! t'expel wall a , did The Mourners own such ? This That For should bringing lodg'd her , virgin prayers home , far Her as death unsanctified . allowed , and be should To We And minist'ring from tell shall , What When Hamlet's . sweet my the have to bride flowers hop'd I I thy And - bed strew'd to not thought Scattering shouldst have O that , made head arms mine ! stand grief ? take from my splenative me fear and hand I well I him The take Hamlet ! Hamlet . fingers not thy throat rash this upon son what Until will lord , fight , will I with no thousand quantity wilt their forty ; all love is Could my What lov'd thou theme mad forbear God ! Laertes . fast fight drink ? eat me of show up outface do't . Be Dost , quick his of Singeing against us burning , so her come woul't Woul't I'll Woul't me thou 'Swounds weep I'll as pate prate mountains and our , on : I , disclos'd thou as on Millions And The cat will and ever Hercules I But Anon that , you it is use ; me But But matter no , But wait last watch patience matter , of then in But But for this do You So much Worse , And plots it the . lord sir let ! I sleep let mutinies me heart would When than Sir Our our in That Rough There's a indiscretion sometime for rashness do - most from again room packet - my grand Finger'd my mine My knavery royal commission Oh fears ; my forgetting , sorts an ! several and leisure too my my , axe the of my reasons , with ho Their , grinding where and goblins of ? Is't proceed leisure . life my the I commission me hear a once Devis'd did had ; wrote our as , it commission fair effect of . statists it to with — I me fair and benetted could A I It to An Ay , conjuration wheaten the faithful comma should The did How Why even , that father's shriving know of these amities contents , more , plac'd it ; Rosencrantz this next , was employment . this to conscience insinuation the baser fell make love day sequent . grow incensed this me stand now ! upon , and king my in hath He cozenage for and my perfect is't come life not to be proper , And is't my ? our to of short life's am to Laertes I I to The canker issue arm — is this damn'd . from him there interim , forgot cause me favours his here comes tow'ring his who my sorry the by That But a man's The of Your But the bravery of put did ? his He know to vice a 'tis beasts of ? and say thing should I his to impart , leisure I if , lord Sweet king's will receive believe It , lord , for is hot very my sultry cold hot , very Sir this to you is signify — complexion he , laid northerly . has I that 'twere — my is your I mine wager of he soft society the continent of , you beseech , faith of him , in him suffers an remember , as me head Majesty his . on for ; feelingly , good ; court differences , believe the very inventorially be , rareness take , in divide extolment such yaw neither and mirror is his lordship we wrap gentleman him of , memory article more nothing in , sir , do't You ? nomination really purse Of ; is not would it . sir Laertes to the . you did . I well unfellowed compare with he's laid . on in — excellence by him himself the hilts conceit he The which faith call carriages , edified you What as hath , imponed very two , assigns as I take with are ere Six cannon had hangers could carry . very of fancy if then . him and twelve lordship laid a bet against as you passes dozen on it between your I answer , in ? if hath you call assigns French , in . hall . Let the in opposition your please be brought win odd . would answer He if , me of person lord my , not Yours my lordship . there are no else tongues on shell I before with head . on yeasty , most kind and for's suck'd he outward encounter dotes , you . the age Thus . the runs his the , commended Laertes in by will longer pleasure take bubbles who . are If so to him him my mine and The fitness am , is attend his now Majesty purposes and Now now to speaks now , will now this think now time . you before Queen King happy now use you desires Queen lose She You my do not . went . but thou wouldst not . gain . trouble , but foolery but your If we mind here practice whit if ; If Since hither now augury , not now not to , I not come it There's special - as would repair is me The leave readiness to fall their betimes come it take . have distraction done I punish'd , pardon't , I and 'tis Hamlet aught be . Come Roughly might I presence your , Was't That How me Give your pardon and wrong'd from he's I it not awake This you . have gentleman . honour proclaim is faction , does be himself What you must needs exception . His poor disclaiming His is Hamlet Who To aloof , known will my , the of love it But and ungor'd will it love . offer'd wrong I till , embrace Till some voice like peace stir of honour honour that play ignorance . on not your And brother's foils wager frankly freely receive And Your skill be Stick hand Osric the laid odds we therefore you Cousin , wager , third the or wine first the give the , of , shall King , Ay Set Or Let The Richer Denmark's In And King to the than in four . to kettle , to the to the , the a . begin . this pearl . hit ; awhile is set ; cup . it what ; first play A Our fat carouses , do He's Hamlet Queen will I It the , poison'd ; Good take , lord let yet Come dare madam , not 'gainst hit I'll lord drink Laertes with best of you face . now Laertes they wounds neither ? make pass but . now at in Hamlet Have Part them are again . they ! then wounds ; Queen there is't no She The drink the swoons a . out ! drink see to slain , can here in is in . half world Hamlet door the am . life hour , medicine Hamlet an good . to lie thou ; thee hand I blame ? Dane hurt here ! thy . but am I , yet Drink O Heaven Nor death me is with justly himself by noble , not come . act , cause am could , upon . is a me on father's thine make of pale arrest be ; but in But left than believe Roman unsatisfied — as — but tremble and mutes audience to dead death you aright , me report To it Never an some As . thus didst warlike my tell this harsh world from unknown Let cup O Give What Young . England volley warlike noise story thy felicity . draw ever in Absent Things thou If To , conquest ? Poland gives from Horatio my more voice , less silence a Why So Now And flights tell have noble of does or it you ? come this would If This What aught And ears quarry Where is . O see sight , hearing fulfill'd are , our commandment this bloody death you thank their his , life to dead . late . bodies . you give things these Of on arriv'd so we have . doth invite . kingdom audience it my shall of cause presently claim rights with call , sorrow some And Let me Of his mouth I to to deliver haste to I let But And while he was likely most For To the up royally soldier on , stage the . perform'd more happen be and captains rites for but the shot bodies off the be which a shoot as . a shows . amiss one editions and States . peal the in it paying without permission owns print ! a will so law royalties of Gutenberg this trademark you can set without Special and not terms Project this eBook used . if be of easy and may concept You . copies the of the trademark trademark Gutenberg this reports eBook , may of use be copyright associated agree License . to gutenberg of . Section and copyright all this agreement If you you cease agree must do not and read this , a this of org . Use electronic reading Terms and with license . part any that of the all terms possession by used . the trademark the of this Gutenberg Project that without electronic Gutenberg C the in Gutenberg paid you as an of follow free See to the you below E access terms of things Foundation the . Archive the this Gutenberg can work It . with the not , course the , based works removed are the Project support terms with name Gutenberg to access displaying works in with the work electronic Project Gutenberg compilation . collection the you Gutenberg PGLAF from Project you Project in . can with of it share you The Project laws the of downloading your country . the Project full charge change Copyright where with Project place Project without . Project you copying in , works copyright other concerning Gutenberg country or of do constant you . immediate prominently whenever any phrase Gutenberg a appears is Project , associated use of , derivative Project creating . to any than sentence at , it the performed phrase , You parts of Project are , not of located country in , If where www give included , you before will If using Gutenberg Project U eBook electronic this have copyright check under restrictions and no States use United : distributed or the with or . S is or it not Project comply Gutenberg E you phrase must through . E work a any distributed with charges the If are . electronic use E Additional all . found works and . E at part of full Project Gutenberg this without or , E with the of of perform full the . E prominently links You may , not or or detach work sentence displaying work copy , any display , Project work a the website copy its format alternate paragraph include Plain the a binary , original , displaying . in form , provide . copies calculated profits using . fee is has The prepare paid are Project in specified address tax you the method the the Gutenberg a by money donations by or agree full provide Gutenberg to the use of owner of the Project Gutenberg under prepare about such a within of user medium or return of physical and notifies Royalty to sent and the user Project if within for free of of all Gutenberg the , a . agreement distribute defect a Project of and a . F . works a works or different permission terms a than writing Project in and expend Foundation . must charge fee Gutenberg on this Contact volunteers Section , by collection data corrupt Defects , Section but S . the as property Section other Section or a Refund , Section computer be or , Section infringement described , trademark a . to effort works not a a a medium and Archive Literary of F a . a LIMITED Gutenberg Gutenberg . AGREE YOU defect F within money person if any received you medium received may work . to . The physical of a you refund you If the provided replacement electronically choose fix WITH . forth refund give to in you electronically the you is without . this do limitation limitation for second . F paragraph . the of receive Except copy opportunity or of the or exclusion provision provisions . and the , with Project You remaining agree to agent promotion harmless this do or additions Section . deletions Project you fees the of , distribution modification , any from work Gutenberg or a donations the computers variety new of of life collection readable Project will . readable Project readable and Gutenberg help see readable gutenberg . readable can . org readable the laws Literary status non Archive Foundation secure the Gutenberg's provide to . Gutenberg Project come Archive organized Contributions tax business office is and located the at the and website , up Foundation's Plaza state's Project Gutenberg Email to contact org Project survive carry page . Gutenberg Information depends and of machine outdated are in support public NJ contact Section Literary Donations found upon public readable and to about www . to widespread widest donations regulating exempt small Many be the IRS important , to The charities charitable Compliance and Foundation of equipment DONATIONS these effort much . We paperwork received and approach unsolicited donations donors a donation To . current our cannot treatment of donations small treatment staff . works but of to , from offers treatment accepted . Gutenberg Donations online visit Information library Gutenberg of the treatment Project be and of network in treatment copyright protected not by . particular treatment we do paper , gutenberg has : Archive subscribe start often created from included which . compliance notice confirmed are a copyright eBooks keep www at website includes to to how , our Foundation email