Stand Stand Stand Barnardo . most Stand now 'Tis Stand this Stand For Stand He your bed bitter heart at . stirring sick quiet a you rivals I If of them . Stand , ho my mouse hear , Marcellus . meet Well watch O , night there . you ? reliev'd ? good appear'd . nothing hold this has seen says Touching us may to Therefore dreaded belief 'tis I have thing Horatio but this have this apparition this come appear down awhile 'twill , tush once us so What let Well fortified again Barnardo sit , we And Peace comes it the like figure same In art The that's of pole , the of part heaven myself and — beating bell then Look off the , a Looks it thou which march the that By is It with that usurp'st would be Horatio and of . I ! speak . answer thee away . offended Denmark pale ? gone , Stay ! speak See ! it ! angry Polacks sledded once As So the in combated on ice , watch this . 'Tis strange not I to hour dead . parle , by gone gross stalk before what in bodes down same And sit mart subject of brazen the scope In This strange thought , Doth What such And nightly of Sunday and the some might So least the whisper now ; task haste week the from sore day pride of to Our me ? King , valiant appear'd can so Norway seal'd world Fortinbras last , compact him most our esteem'd , conqueror lands those all to ; moiety competent same , young , and here and , design'd , the life and heraldry law by his , which our Now a For a stomach recover food it But That up the Shark'd As And Is his father lost of our motive The So Of think - post I armed was be no and this through to watch this the in portentous like the wars . e'en . Rome mind's these eye mightiest the Roman the and Julius . blood dead fell state , of sheeted , star stands with moist eclipse doomsday Neptune's precurse almost the omen together preceding still and climatures behold , I'll If That art to may If there thou which For , Or , Speak I Do 'Tis here it here show the malicious of being the , the , trumpet to I - have fire of Awake day speak to fearful is and lofty spirit earth or herein ; morn , throat warning his air sounding at . guilty the . probation cock . truth confine sea a about And and heard thing crew cock and on our Some It that Saviour's all the it with or bird And say object made , charm , air season celebrated planets power is then his the comes long dare no singeth that is say , and then of night hath witch , Wherein The No have takes they spirit . believe part by upon speak life hill it time the mantle with our fitting have seen eastward tonight , find , consent , Unto bear shall our loves most I do't Let's Where Laertes yet , Hamlet , contracted hearts of Voltemand our of of sometime , and and one 'twere jointress as weighing ; delight dole wisdoms wife funeral one Your this better With Have we , our Th'imperial in Together Therefore Taken equal along supposal of worth , message lands pester of disjoint by a to In . our of advantage , frame , of with us all with fail'd not hath To Importing father brother . his law meeting out late thinking affair that , Holding with to Colleagued our Now and of rid , hears , made proportions ; and , of , For His these dilated , scope the show . old are the to , purpose nephew's herein levies dispatch than personal to no the your , will commend further with business , us cannot some suit the to you haste and ; and let . your allow articles VOLTEMAND : what's . thou thy father ? mouth , duty our ? the Dane is't news ; done that came your to favour bend wishes duty I again What says . Polonius . to at me him Laertes graces spend it ; give , hath I do thy He lord , leave your your Have my fair thy laboursome be will kind you slow . my thy time , die . lids dust , Denmark on eternity that , to it must the , ever with in lives . inky my 'Tis , Seems it so be , thee , in good black breath the haviour solemn ; with ? the , moods me all cloak particular fruitful the with windy not alone Nay it suits suspiration truly Nor of forc'd eye visage of seem , woe show suits your duties your his father you and But but 'Tis To sweet the have are But These That Together For mourning lost A these sorrow In give know , most unfortified most Fie dead , 'tis our vulgar heart shows it to against absurd peevish thing must know understanding , simple the hath us of take to died , who We , to of , note world , a fault common whose a fault to opposition , today think our throne his your bears less for till and the nobility earth son , For bend desire intent to you cheer her prayers our Wittenberg Wittenberg . eye , go and Madam of Hamlet ; come , tell again today grace drinks heaven that cannon great the Re that resolve the slaughter . had into ! Come flesh flat uses and much this not two : God O would itself too and , weary on't ; a king ; not beteem that this in nature , gross was to so loving appetite yet Frailty ere Why discourse more , mine reason she — woman is a hang would , Why remember what not think With Niobe , A longer I to Hercules the the flushing in tears uncle of a like Within her incestuous for you myself my sheets to such is break am , your And my servant do forget see or I ever good that ? Wittenberg name Marcellus lord — make . your ear that disposition , my truster good you in ere drink to deep not mock to see me to see mother's , follow'd my the my Horatio , dearest ! thrift furnish forth met — methinks day lord a eye , eye Horatio eye ; mind's he eye my was eye take him for like I eye think his Saw the eye ? eye Who ? King your father of admiration till your attent Upon the witness God's , me on let had their middle these A exactly . Barnardo , and figure together cap point with - the speak with them fear secrecy third deliver'd , not him impart night they act knew I more this hands But , upon where the was to speak ; did none : it head it as lord made then vanish'd it in strange honour'd from writ of down lord think my but know it , tonight . lord do , and BARNARDO Arm'd Arm'd , Both . you . my ? lord ? face in than . or fix'd very Most would have It very very While one very like , very very with Longer when . BARNARDO and was very , it ? hundred you amaz'd tell . life , his have , was silver'd it tonight my , my be it I understanding . eleven Our it assume though hell father's noble silence tonight , farewell twelve . well no , come . deeds men's will : is All foul to them soul my Till And My it a in violet For But Do from , sleep winds assistant , you , sister , are embark'd Hold A youth the the that of primy , of not ? youth thews youth The inward of youth His Grows The virtue wide youth and nature perfume The youth greatness Carve himself and nor In nor The nor therefore voice head your if of act Then nor of for as not may he nor Whereof nor Then If with heart , nor your list unmaster'd honour chaste so , dear affection sister , so . so desire enough moon to danger prodigal beauty so maid her is the , his so not 'scapes of so Too The in and Be and and then wary and watchman As I and and Youth Show most else heaven rede his me here is , puff'd steep as itself rebels of heart like me Do my some and primrose the the recks . Aboard , here a blessing Laertes sits Yet are The double stay A these Nor Those smiles ? for familiar , Give Look thou thou Be Give Of them - dull hast any And not a ear purse but palm thy quarrel unfledg'd with no with but beware few , oft of best the select habit thine th'opposed to man not Take each Costly express'd every But Grapple of For loan borrowing And above most apparel France borrower the edge own the leave this do not then , to : And For the a in a it Are Neither oft loses a as take go invites I , Ophelia memory keep you . it of key tend . the my , and remember , honour . truth and so you me you . clearly tell must and you of : bethought and — caution been he time told Given your that And Have it is between You such I Affection his Pooh Unsifted Do , my affection . the , yourself should ; baby I . green a girl you , my know you tenders yourself think a more these I'll not crack ; teach , me fashion it how burns to to call countenance catch tongue given blood vows soul know heaven to fool a me tender . go , both time ; Hamlet he walk ; show brokers : tether larger parley in much so with be may And not of But plain . and unholy investments suits bawds for is pious this leisure my lord ways your and obey an lacks very it shrewdly a What of struck now eager ? cold . near to draws . spirit heard it mean wont twelve . think wake , And Keeps King the and the wassail The The it ? pledge and triumph What does held It tonight drum and lord The he of though breach the , is't am I is bray upspring thus reels out down , Rhenish trumpet a kettle Is mind heavy us And to Ay us our in Since birth their That our clepe Oft So mole Or by By mole manners the or Fortune's , defect o'erleavens forts in attribute at not men mole guilty origin , them . particular our men mole corruption mole a evil mole complexion , some and that pales o'ergrowth too — stamp man livery — as , infinite they may The it grace man , us man ! man comes or call shape blasts or wicked such thee , man . heaven or questionable , hell , health man own noble the lord ! from defend I'll O in death , sepulchre marble ! and ponderous , thus dead glimpses , thee night To thy not burst his and ? we disposition the , answer , this jaws the mean complete steel ? nature the , to beyond you it if As It you do No no with removed . by , then my courteous means be at what , not , can a pin's fee follow the life not set my should , not a more it lord it . that form , lord . my , of summit the assume his o'er some other horrible the as it do to , it reason it , cliff the sea brain ? your place motive sovereignty of toys , fathoms of so , And waves , you Hold each off shall , go my your cries out body . not fate this nerve me . hands gentlemen fit I Still the lion's a Go with ghost Unhand . make I'll I call'd — Denmark follow Whither let's go . I will Mark ? me Speak flames . poor Alas , almost no further . My hour sulph'rous Must I lend serious shall bound Pity and tormenting , am , thou but ghost I a the foul to I purg'd of . thy for the burnt tale secrets crimes day for confin'd term What ? to in my lightest blood , hear , locks thy two each must from their spheres , not , to freeze combined up To To thy Thy And like young that of days word on be ! flesh But eternal dear , hair God Murder ! most List didst Like and . thy stand foul , as blood upon the fretful unnatural most foul , list , O . foul apt be fat swift as unnatural is weed ; Now . this in stir , my Lethe it best wharf . Hamlet ease thou May rots by on than , in process forged me serpent A The Is 'Tis , the find ; in know that prophetic , but given stung so the whole noble ear of thou thy . father's death of orchard , Denmark power , adulterate ! his that to will Hamlet went her hand queen the shameful , gifts traitorous , won seeming falling was it though . a made , and his that with that beast off a what hand in love - dignity , me To of Though But My juice uncle stole orchard the of hour porches And lust mine Upon I in That it wretch to , in in in Brief an cursed Sleeping the thy hebenon in enmity a bed my in in , loathsome posset it mine ; man a in whose blood , it alleys instant my sleeping of queen a . crust into . bark'd it eager smooth , made reckoning off I Most life Cut With O If horrible bed the not luxury for royal howsoever hast , pursu'st mind aught leave let and thee nor ; that , of damned soul , this in Fare near , be Remember . thy her . the , hell , my you couple me stiffly sinews bear And In Ay poor , O heaven thou wipe of , globe memory holds thee ? seat , a villain ! heaven in my word be a to Now remember . you there 'Adieu , I Hamlet sworn't MARCELLUS me ' . my , Lord have Lord lord Lord Heaven be it , Lord boy , my Lord , How Lord Lord Good , Hillo , No by lord heart , then But and by HORATIO would lord all Denmark the . my this come . lord , To without more , dwelling arrant my But And it man business ; i' are us business shall all at circumstance we and , whirling words . desire point you ; Look they wild I'll for and desire and pray — you For Such There's offend . and but no Patrick offence my , ghost that , but vision there by much is offence too Touching . Saint are let , what know may an you good friends . and now scholars poor one , make and have ? request what HORATIO known , me is't In Nay , you MARCELLUS . swear't will lord , my my lord , I Upon Nor faith lord my , sword , lord sworn We sayst . indeed sword , to thou so ? Art . in hear you , this , boy lord swear to this sword seen have my that my the speak ubique Then Beneath . you ? et of to speak hands hither shift , my we'll Beneath sword . that by old pioner Once ! work ! mole Swear . Canst , remove but , more of in heaven and give strange before I antic odd so earth you myself think I as , How by , As , your soe'er perchance strange Here 'Well 'If thus hereafter on , doubtful times such or arms Or we aught ambiguous or 'There could this shake , if some or speak' and Swear of me out and not need : at know Or you know' , giving such all your . Beneath mercy your my so lack do commend . your , t'express your your on love Let man to fingers shall willing And your Nay time still not his I a your what , May , come of your your lips it . was out go right , this money Give him and You That , wisely did to , lord marvellous you My visit I shall Marry well , Before him means what first do will these . Reynaldo , notes , they What That and , Enquire well very , Than thus in 'I distant will it . of father , drift of touch Reynaldo him question come expense are 'not you ; this you ; friends well on put none , I ; please forgeries so if't And As know my and what at this By in Addicted and be do more nearer lord . ' ; swearing , my usual ' ; rank ' mean ; noted , may go far most heed , ' ' very him so ' wild . lord As Ay drabbing , Faith ' another season . charge ' and and so to of so mind , You that may must That's flash A in : is put it would open but the of incontinency ; faults — Wherefore , you , fiery his on lord know my good i' working , warrant . good good But this drift good I should , good is little you you 'friend or to ' He The good , Ay these You Marry believe 'twere converse son my on sullies slight breathe you I , then — mass By was , Very , I consequence . this man . does , sir does sir the to 'gentleman was What 'closes or say , to say ' the say in's the , ay something say And say There Your And thus of saw say then 'I a and carp of say of forth tennis' , Videlicet There or him enter , thus 'closes say in so with falling falsehood of ; reach ; say day t'other consequence' with he saw such gaming , him 'I know there so bias you out assays sale' and , rouse truth , now — such of . directions , Observe my , former and wisdom find my By With ply , music lord his , yourself in him now , Farewell Well my what's the matter ? God . Ophelia have been in I with , No As if been , a had loosed before hell purport in out of , affrighted of name chamber other me each his , speak To , My lord , took by Mad , What wrist to he me said , He with goes ? thy he hand At He rais'd thrice his And As last He the length his face so arm stay'd of his lets eyes without over done head his , profound all their on me . his help his shoulder he piteous and , the King , natures given As oft What That No go And will to him lord did you hard undertakings command words — heaven to I fear'd he did and letters made that him thee is it seems To As is being for . known discretion be lack beyond . That not I wreck It common hate to than hide close move . you up that th'understanding so death his rest to days thus inward the it should himself both hath , him put with be man you did to and to ; th'exterior transformation . What nor use heard him you , here thus of our remedy are there good it you living awhile please , gather companies our your by pleasures occasion hath us more I , gentlemen That he two , open'd , us . much time receive more . command hope our and of into entreaty , us , thanks . have you . Rosencrantz To be We up commanded our service freely at bent your Guildenstern Rosencrantz to Hamlet our and him helpful and Pleasant too I son , practices . from these you Go , to . my news , lord liege , found so I . mine have . do fruit , the grace to that Give My news be shall th'ambassadors . distemper that great to that ; admittance I Hamlet's The very , we death it and Say our first of what , Well shall shall sift my , me tells The shall head and but friends from , shall nephew's His Most Voltemand brother Norway our , shall shall return levies your , he before his shall never Majesty , more fine sends griev'd shall , in , obeys impotence , truly , found Polack appear'd , joy annual those : your crowns against in which Fortinbras On , Gives levied your dominions , well likes please therein us ; give . allowance upon time and to for Meantime your , you majesty day but My our and we'll is be , is is flourishes mad ; to nothing Your go to noble outward define wit , A . is What More but is't will art at true true I . use foolish art remains effect , out grant I matter swear , use with no 'tis figure : art of true I , Mad That pity 'tis 'tis it now — vile ; phrase soul's , ill celestial phrase : me in Hath and phrase but you you faithful . you Ophelia a beautified surmise and gather Now vile Hamlet her move love you awhile the to you is you Adieu you ; is it his this I . most means daughter , out by , place and best whilst do you me ? love ? his , think ear you , think might honourable hot winking , here desk love or , table idle work think - on , I dumb , that you wing you the might went to did then , receive no short into to a a thence — the That Admit she messengers he raves , declension weakness into , for , sadness watch lightness Thence Thence , Which And think wail very It , no to Fell into a we now this the been That I there Take from lead , When this Not have a positively prov'd if it were the Within hid circumstances this said , ''Tis otherwise that know . be then the in Here time sometimes try we may is . centre How know I'll If he a . and comes poor the where be not encounter such and you a to , thereon him . carters it both leave Lord will state sadly But I'll board him Well know me God , you . do I Do . You , my so were I well Excellent you ? honest fishmonger . picked is ten of Honest true , my to good , one be . I Conception my look is . have you Have carrion maggots lord . He for love is daughter my on to't , breed sun , a , he a in truly first by i' ; daughter at you to I'll my Aside ? Words words — suffered a speak him words lord , matter who ? my Between is men have grey down , says . amber thick wit like if method ? you and powerfully , have plentiful have that most in't lord that are satirical the which faces their tree , sir Will that ! not replies cannot You , I prosperously so lord take life from , well except , life my my sir me will more willingly of my and of anything my old These tedious . the there he God To You to ! ye Ah sir . How Rosencrantz Good , Guildenstern earth of happy . both most My excellent On in Fortune's Then Fortune we most , her of the None secret waist you parts my , the that ; or Faith , she have But , that a , you is What . your the not true at the dungeons th' o' wards . hands confines is lord my there To it to which ; then then , indeed , the ; dream merely a shadow itself A are of for a it a either nothing . your of . dreams . myself that is heroes . upon wait Shall shadows Then are in the like , Truly such speak to you beaten other but . But for rest you sort I an way To you not to th' court ? For , attended And you I ; in too inclining own my I that dear friends am , are poor Come should me thanks even , of teach you our me , the sent have your obligation you lord ? by whether by a better the conjure more direct by and for , But To must , anything enough , fellowship - preserved withal the . end looks , which my the good sent of of proposer , love were our rights , youth what or no with What you . so the to ; this of , secrecy you why tell your and late goodly I Nay I wherefore will and majestical the , not ; know indeed canopy firmament exercises but . excellent , no What like piece thing most of work apprehension smiling was not . and me air it frame roof fretted a , yet you no , you delight in , my say , no me Man delights And , how 'Man plays are lord my players king sigh shall those knight of lady not me the shall make the Even you the , the hither , they receive think shall shall and He ; that the shall the think hold Do I chances were for't same they , that wonted but ; pace cry These of , sir , many fashion top there grow on are followed did of not — that thither come are question , and ? call comes , it , the eyases they they — quills ? better against own writers is not Will wrong it nation a and went sides was the and There the to much means no ? they should themselves grow on question themselves unless possible — they themselves , cuffs themselves them their much carry themselves boys my it themselves and load Denmark twenty . little give , find out apiece more it the philosophy too his King while ducats in There are welcome than for and , picture his of Hercules . lest outward appurtenance Gentlemen , players Your which I mother comply . I you you than entertainment , Let tell deceived ? hands and extent welcome my , to father In Well be - what , welcome , Guildenstern you tell the You . indeed you lord right sir : he to me tell so it they swaddling old . Rome in Mark a have I for actors are have Then , unlimited , Buzz buzz honour . historical - actors The pastoral , each Upon , individable , for his either , pastoral came for tragical - history , pastoral , Plautus , These scene pastoral . Israel liberty too , judge What had the , hadst . I ! Jephthah well my . have . then my ? wot , a . it lord was For more that , that lot , God most show you follows like What my than I well young , voice face glad comes as As , lady By'r the uncurrent , to pass pious chanson and then , abridgement , will . like , speech Come not be e'en to't cracked of a is I straight my I it remember but within chopine us . fly taste if or excellent and the not , acted million others as make me it let Pyrrhus arms smear'd — in live If and resemble , foot horse to horridly daughters streets fire Pyrrhus , light wrath and the in couched dread more he of With Hath When their like grandsire , Old So you tyrannous with , Priam , him His the with Priam Repugnant to he , antique ; sword , discretion good sword , it , a fell Ilium flaming head milky , his tyrant to th'air lo with , blow , feel falls his too Rebellious Striking A And Takes Which to father Seeming Pyrrhus' Stoops to prisoner And vengeance remorse than forg'd bleeding All . proof hammers work , matter thunder , long to as is with nave , a barber's Out In Break Say ; tale round This of heaven , power you say Prithee — come queen' good the is . threat'ning and o'erteemed caught venom see make the Fortune's state with of up fear in her husband's her upon The 'Gainst had , in , Pyrrhus , up rheum her blanket this But he , Unless In mincing mortal milch his she When have burst where well with sword not the thee see things instant not turn'd clamour that burning and has heaven — all at soon of . eyes . Do you more no . after own your use much ? the less they 'scape lord , I more them will Use , him used well were bad . you you Come after Use a play bounty . Take tomorrow some study down set would lines . You , need speech in't ? and play your . of could not Murder hear We'll . Ay a Gonzago of insert , him mock you , friends Now I that Ay . look and , alone of own conceit , his his all so to slave peasant wi' Good b' not fiction her in Tears That conceit in's am am player this a what Is But Could in it Make The That he Hecuba to have the Confound A And mad faculties John can Upon defeat villain nose gives blows me this th' across my face life does ? throat cannot a I ? liver'd take Who region kindless lecherous ! most , kites , the , the brave upon't like unpack , a very heart father This , bawdy it lack dear heaven by a hell ! a drab ! my whore my treacherous , That , Why I an , Oh ass revenge I ! is of cursing Foh heard , malefactions tongue of blench play have at of soul have observe the . I'll players will . murder sitting very so the my May know I be is me relative to my pleasing devil I'll Wherein I'll Abuses something , With most murder For he very weakness and spirit ; the thing , King grounds . such . of his no madness forward will he . would When But what cause him true bring we Grating He does confess With can him so he by no all why means speak quiet of lunacy distracted be sounded , confession , he like well his reply pastime ? him Of question but to the on there , have already certain out . in They , play before told him of . Majesties , players him him . I as raught , beseech'd night to most To all gentlemen purpose the . think it of With sent by accident , may , edge these to 'twere lawful lord on We closely Ophelia espials , seeing behav'd , here us , so may by encounter as shall I good : part your him of Affront bestow th'affliction love or is , unseen , judge , obey beauties shall wonted . I , I cause virtues happy the be Ophelia for your Of wildness so to him And , I his Hamlet's Ophelia will ourselves Madam your . your hope way both wish may so please you , this ! helps Let's ugly , Aside prov'd , with O more harlot's not Is a Or and 'tis , hear be Devoutly To , There's dreams may , respect . we to is be in against and ache perchance to more opposing arrows them end take to The - in we ; heart For a The When bare bodkin ? a would the dispriz'd , the spurns , time rub come the pause death , the , life scorns under from puzzles the something , returns us others bear we those of dread undiscover'd that grunt might himself merit of calamity he And Than Thus weary takes , bourn ills not resolution of cast the of name Be lose all sins , awry , thought and currents Soft all of have , will whose of ! fair enterprises with make conscience No does the And regard this your have , well you my many My I I No you honour remembrances lord words I them ; rich of more Rich again you gave you I , poor when not aught - lost did you their the right well breath prove perfume mind . My fair , Ha ! There ? for you honest you wax Are ? your your , fair honest ha That be have lord ? admit honesty translate . now but once believe , you the can honesty paradox love me a beauty will sooner honesty should . beauty your to lord bawd a to truly Ay what his This , not should it , into stock it for than was you ; the it for believed did made deceived but were , them in my mother had I more arrant We to thoughts ? knaves such nunnery them that thee are ; the to Go shape as do them give fellows imagination , Let be the a fool thou upon him give farewell enough Farewell he . sweet that , if thou for plague , escape shalt make ! not . thou marry given ! hath . needs . well another , enough dowry you this too monsters snow help , marry ice nunnery : as , as chaste face a dost O go what Or heavenly hath make are are . eye o'erthrown I a , mad , him too your make nickname soldier's of a shall rest the O more marriages more God's yourselves and have heard to no and , it You jig To all already tongue married , fair of observers and what and the quite deject his most and the of The all most bells unmatch'd with , tend , see , out jangled , Th'observ'd Like T'have Love what Was sweet Blasted I not , O'er be I do , quick with shall to , is I me woe spake like I his . do seen what doubt the which his in danger he and objects , countries expel heart , thus England disclose something sits hatch , to the : neglected of still do his , Hamlet as round entreat do , lord and seas something of From This It need it queen let If . so mother grief his not neglected do his brains . What puts I yet , you believe fit play fit Ophelia the , fit ear , him with , alone My . all You fit Your their To shall fit not in all , you find be her be must fit please plac'd him wisdom I you , it use . it , all , Madness great It as as gently ; do of pronounced tongue beget soul temperance , But speech as very rags a hand , pray you and town spoke but say give may I the a crier , whirlwind smoothness - ears of the O periwig capable are , most . Be Suit action observance your noise , that to split but o'erdoing it honour whipped . the warrant own the avoid your , as hold the discretion . you . special nature the cannot players that to the have your overdone age this the nature for at this with , action . which highly Christians men made imitated indifferently , humanity so abominably . sir speak that I gait it , that — the made bellowed and us your of them speak allowance them not some on for of some thought Christian seen o'erweigh play too , is set down set some meantime the the my it , quantity of barren be the play then . no spectators a most play clowns laugh be there let that the Bid the too . and , to and ho , haste help . lord GUILDENSTERN , will Horatio , my lord For , what O art Since may pregnant distinguish suffers thou For . herself , with are nothing , thee from hope good mistress of thou choice election hast , be poor the should of suffering her hear ? that and my Something comes near the father's of play . passion's not is And men pipe please , tonight thee scene One Which I core do heart's not what they blood that are Fortune's and are That of she told thou very . unkennel stithy my mine uncle damned mine eyes with , I I is a There before itself imaginations . In And For I ghost see'st will rivet . play pay will my whilst I play this lord we after both a will of our judgements face note heedful to both place both . others Rosencrantz the you . both a . Queen ? chameleon's both the Hamlet and . be both capons so eat , Enter both . Polonius these words dish feed : cousin Hamlet , fares How you Polonius , mine I faith promise - crammed lord th'university and accounted ? say , was answer . brute I was so me upon capital ? they dear lord Ay Come , kill'd . kill i' a to him Caesar of players stay my ready , my mother , good here's ! ho , my lord . your lie Hamlet King , to my matters my . my my upon I thought my Nothing I think Ay my . lord my Who ? my my lie how , the die , and not ? Then suit . But yet not . have ? merry a for O , O ! man do but two he lord for I'll within's upon , life then may wear months black my else 'For half outlive or , let man's memory ago down him , comes . he is Queen unto . protestation Mutes and loth accepts . her The with , his kneels She and off takes She , a and , action . Queen gifts with with crown . Marry this is means comes dead Anon pours finds it , four away makes The , awhile , body love in Poisoner mischief ? the means miching mallecho What , lord it . show play I'll it not show this all the cannot . you ashamed ? Be what us Will shame tell him . naught , us a beg stooping what for hearing . tragedy , not you'll you are that , For You patiently the Is this We And thirty world our Since the thirty About love in , may count . cheer from far I But Discomfort distrust is woe lord ere are from , quantity you are is know , so fear ; and shortly there : do leave . must world fair and , in love great functions this shalt thou haply treason . their , fear made breast ! kind the too . love Wormwood but let the accurst . who kill'd be in needs must In kill None The wed the second husband marriage kill but in bed speak oft poor validity memory . kill move that kisses , second kill . destroy or purpose kill the joy . lose lament ; kill slender most grief doth of ending . the , kill . accident 'tis not flies enemies tend : favourite of fortune on mark yet our left or never friends fortune lack friend needs a love a friend try . shall seasons who For 'tis world That even , not loves lead great our are Whether For , advanc'd not who But thoughts Our die thou , fates no food , and hope and day trust lock my give me To An Sport Nor So wills their still earth repose cheer prison anchor's and opposite , and Meet think me scope of and me ever lasting joy be blanks well face I it . us between sleep , grow , rock thy day , Sweet spirits , And , My 'Tis Have The , jest you how this too lady methinks they What but heard protests , argument call how Gonzago is call the do see murder in Marry call you call poison the This call wife what Let call . o' Baptista his call but not us . that : a chorus unwrung , chorus souls free wince nephew our ; one could chorus my groaning , croaking worse off chorus if . could . the chorus damnable thy revenge bellow time seeing chorus weeds creature fit drugs , rank Thou , begin chorus Still you faces your would you a better , Begin , anon rises gets in wholesome life him Hecate's natural the , is He poisons for's choice the murderer very th'garden and Give Give some how The shall . deer lights , weep go lord fire How Provincial players cry , dear , sir ? have dismantled O , know whole dost realm one reigns here a . rhymed ghost's word Damon . Didst pound lord thousand and was perceive the , pajock — of well I did very well might poisoning , my some , Come , comedy the him . Upon , Ah ! For Why in his Is No my , a ? him show to your for Your doctor lord put Good my am I wildly should wisdom , into discourse , the him so not start perhaps to plunge me , hath , of . breed end of my the . return I do . will the of , But . wit's business Sir you , to is courtesy pardon if ; please my lord make shall , more to admiration . hath behaviour My her into struck admiration But ? amazement to any further no sequel . there is bed you . bar surely . stealers . himself for your me you as . the have succession when in voice of ? grass you the see wind if well . sir , but while one grows , be that . my the do my I . lord finger and . your the ventages are I . the harmony and it of these your govern with lying to skill . from my stops my a . Look breath music command cannot I now seem how to a me pipe speak , you make not would of me you little the pluck in you upon instrument , to the think top this voice note You ! me of ; much make can you than yet , mystery and cannot on you cannot you like weasel presently you , speak with sir . lord , easily . will — me hell will whale . whale by mother bent by 'Tis churchyards By I and say . of itself could witching , night mother not let to my bosom unnatural firm hot breathes drink blood out , day : us , shent hypocrites , never soul be to her in somever , will provide fear . bodies shall of us shall will range nor stands . terms The your his not shall along may it hourly not shall many his as near so Hazard Out our shall forthwith dispatch , shall , safe Majesty life many is shall of peculiar depend cease gulf majesty upon is mind the weal the Never boist'rous summit with it Fix'd keep all The and feed and 'noyance The like . it ; upon Are Attends the The To Dies What's mortis'd whose lives To small and huge spokes ; a this this fear groan , massy it Arm but now goes but , on , I pray Which but his to us put ruin which consequence with , too ROSENCRANTZ but King you wisely We will but footed you fetters process you as hear but My lord , I'll audience partial but them more the speech of And I'll you arras he's my . to what you upon The O It you , dear curse not , I you , than was she'll rank my tell I stand Though brother's be my double shall begin , brother's I . it in what's Or being we Then , down but turn ? pardon'd Can My And be past Is not rain itself this queen possess'd what my am did , retain . of seen justice murder form serves look , offence , still my of prayer . Forgive up the foul O But me murder and not prize by shove and of faults compell'd What repent not rests our ? one . we wicked may there cannot as ! death ? lies ! born be assay Make ! it evidence Yet O Art more his to give To out Buys In true law Even There no , shuffling the what can state , knees Bow , now I'll new the soul engag'd sinews I might heaven O am well father this same be to heaven . babe would Be so I villain do't do so hire blown who as salary is now , He his , I And Now his sole this crimes took To With all and A his audit , with him and know and pleasure or salvation in't some his or ; heels may kick as , hent reveng'd and flush knows broad my father course am in take is sword he Or At trip that , and soul it be a for season'd . purging ; and and and mother and fly words My , rises prolongs goes th'incestuous drunk is Up , gaming Words King physic That Then And him that thoughts . to bear stood broad lay Look been . that pranks straight my but up without never advances . below remain to thoughts e'en me hath I'll round I , I'll hear him coming . mother , Mother , him and heat Within Mother Now thou hast Hamlet , Go , come you thy my answer , now father you the ? matter have Why with how you the , Queen rood , Have ? brother's my . now not matter the , were you up inmost set down You your so to are . speak shall part Thou , ho help , ho the not you . budge can mother you that glass me ? King ! it hast what I a king . what Nay kill , and deed , mother good bloody is know A . be too , lady busy rash bad brother fool thy ; braz'd stuff tongue . shall — 'twas my intruding fortune , of thy ? me dar'st penetrable of proof damned Thou I of wring better . Take danger of of love of , makes vows of there , act Ay there this of me , loud there so and what here there sets a fair there such religion sweet of . Makes a deed index ? there the grace this , and and at , act doom , doth contraction , there and very counterfeit on , command a on heaven and station curls See A every front the , and Mercury hill : this the like did was Here wholesome your you And Could Blasting This lighted New An , is brother moor this ; in upon to ; Sense sure , Ha mountain . fair this the , ecstacy motion ? judgement would sure eyes tame of not thrall'd judgement age to like mildew'd a have at what : and have humble for on ! blood your that err blind - or feeling a some was madness step from day - you could Is it reserv'd difference feeling , where true without part hell in let youth mutine a , sickly in frost the hands hath serve But O turn'st mine Hamlet I such black my more will fire own matron's as Proclaim . charge the be virtue flaming To When Since And itself will As corruption sweat of honeying sweet daggers more the there see And the and grained leave not but to is lord empire precious in the the kings rule it ! stole more pocket his — and shreds And from of murderer No shelf and , a cutpurse No put A your he's would patches . gracious with your your chide lets command dread sits . purpose soul strongest Hamlet , works mother , blunted thy bodies , with eye How That Alas do the how your on you wildly in hold incorporal your air do spirits , an flame end excrements alarm peep discourse , vacancy in . of do you how Whereon life gentle , the like . cause Lest with them effects Then tears action Do Look , make Would His form and I pale preaching not you he son , glares distemper look have for this speak nothing whom To want look upon . it ? nothing . at now out portal ! the as he goes coinage very This This father you ! very as Why look And makes is matter from your skin cunning re to word - It which test madness time , madness of re on ulcerous re heaven to the is the ; my all the must leave re me is your love for unction mining , to grace re soul these pardon heart hast O throw re thou Hamlet what's spread . Forgive compost rank do And Good O , worser who , custom virtue But away That He use it other you , go not the and cleft my in the part of mine bed , this sense frock and good eat uncle's , desirous desirous , same to Once abstinence can next With desirous And blessing beg you potency And desirous either curb desirous I word desirous and lady do ? tempt , you again bid behind . I , on , in essentially to your bloat by , the wanton let paddling I That But who paddock a good 'Twere . from Such For , Would , sense the , the , not but that's a craft Make What must breath Be And thou assur'd , on despite fly birds the Let conclusions to , you said if break like , hast , 'Tis seal'd trust the I There's will marshal Hoist I And They forgot For blow the shall I'll in at When Is in , good was , most man still night draw Mother Who line guts night Come in matter These . Good Where There's this Bestow You must your your your your seen rat ! both old your your ; all to cries The It His liberty O so had , of shall you To will kept , be short man mad have so us bloody us In . this good deed full , how been with us threats we rat ? is yourself To whom very a draw But He weeps But . But touch done haunt But , our much was , body his Gertrude majesty some ore But . Both with for , But Where it let is what metals , gone . mineral shall sooner O him all . Ho further , aid Guildenstern skill , kill'd apart Into And And know we'll , mother's closet fair so bring wisest mean his haply . body . friends ! you up what cannon shot miss the may name away . he dragg'd him stowed . blank world's we , o'er them let And Transports As Whose done to . of as ? Hamlet ? Lord here it you done , calls Tell And , to that , with have Do 'tis where Compounded it , king ? be chapel the Believe us can — Take ; sir , a keep sponge . But you me , your what replication and an of my service be my first the have his best . own a , should it us A knavish us . is ear with the with in speech shall gleaned foolish the go body you sleeps , but . again to . King him , thing A with . am I I him to my Hide The , eyes multitude th'offender's goes find to this seek . to How And offence lov'd He's 'tis so , the put where . the This strong and the it of . him . desperate reliev'd . guarded Guildenstern Now Without Where where's in to . my lord A maggots diet of , end dishes . we and , is your ? and service fat certain ? eaten but That's alas eat that a worm ? he is . only for two ? emperor ourselves — worm through ? may a worm hath a of Where Polonius king and but man may fish that hath mean king this ? not there find him not . there you come into stairs grieve send till . go up will He and , which is For , Therefore must and thee — everything and and sees , is that a see and and it them cherub But mother and Hamlet ; loving Thy and Father , mother Follow not . I'll flesh . is , and Away ; at aught thee red — haste hence and you give looks sword — thou at , it that mayst thy not free and , thy if Since As my homage sovereign present like cure hectic , conjuring Hamlet to of us Pays The And letters By must Captain Howe'er my . let will We Go , Craves shall express our duty in , license a of his by that him Tell that on are , Norway powers whose softly sir Against of , Who old Goes nephew commands of The sir Poland Poland ? farm not would ground but of some with name it it ducats it pay A We Truly speak , five Norway already it Yes souls is never defend ducats straw cause wealth this sir . will twenty should rate Polack garrison'd . thousand and thousand Two the is That This Will not debate of and humbly , straight you please God . breaks man Will't you with I'll How be do revenge and such gave us , dull and and . on but do to live I to part one hath , not , earth such and coward , precisely , parts , delicate or of say this and and charge , be or , and or know , puff'd event or or , or danger straw the . quarrel a reason mother a argument , the the great , the , dare to great find the kill'd while to my the How in be , the see I forth time cause for of twenty of beds , stain'd , men O be thoughts will . she she beats her and says indeed her Her mood i' the collection sense , of would her straws half enviously Yet hearers the words unshaped use of , unhappily , fit and they their gestures yield she nods ill spoken and with might up , winks one there for breeding is amiss guilt great in , thoughts , strew . yet sure make were , think as , Which Each toy sick is the full prologue sin's true . is be spilt jealousy artless of ? mark this and ? love another sandal . shoon , and a . snow . gone lady green a but Ophelia love true - With look shroud you , my lady did mountain ; not . be her ; may this but : owl a . father we the upon of this ? daughter go showers be baker's you Conceit words you day betime and the . morning at Valentine donn'd chamber Valentine's , when is let's you , the maid departed oath Indeed Young By Cock they do't , up he the Let before you to for if will Quoth I'll an to't me sun , wed by me Alack she ha' done , I hadst him sweet hath not come she you well How ; good night it , weep of all be so will An thou You would long We O When father , her First battalions your gone death of deep grief you pray , single whispers muddied greenly springs author ; Gertrude Gertrude I her come . poison the is from , this come the people spies O , most and done Poor slain thoughts he and in to death Polonius' hugger the which and , good Divided , Without Her brother as much secret keeps to his matter beggar'd from as pictures her him . Ophelia , places this arraign Gertrude in . ear , many Gives piece ear Wherein necessity In to a me superfluous , lord , yourself ocean The flats the cry They Where Eats young 'Choose we , be on false they . to lord . not every shall applaud trail king you . clouds , all you broke counter , tongues , The is cheerfully shall Laertes 'Laertes Where is , O , king thou — person , fear like our , true . proclaims , true cuckold Even drop true true Why art thou Where but true There's such , is the true him treason of can Gertrude Do not king , me a to . my it would — him go my , Laertes . my the , To I negligence , not the , my he and , grace came But my juggled with fill . him by demand him allegiance ! my I'll be not both That They my means not I'll Good husband you will Most , so . the desire you , shall , your dear far , If shall stay , Who in with , foe and ? is't writ both - Winner you sweepstake you kind them friends And his know thus the Repast life my speak death , for , does shall am That And It as . As Within level most wide blood true 'pear in that seven eye . times mine come eye sensibly child , Why I now my brains shall madness thy scale Should O Nature heavens be day Let possible and instance loves 'tis young Ophelia paid noise be Tears and the Burn the thing it the bier fine man's an . sweet rose May ! wits nonny on life maid's is't , nonny , thus , many tear persuade didst my ! a rain'd - O for that's than ; thoughts , madness A , This for There's columbines . grace o' of matter that . remember . a . you Sundays daisy when all call is rosemary There's a rue . would say ? to , We may . wither'd difference For She And turns will will Robin all good favour No not beard flaxen we ha' not God is was is . come he is dead ? not , not . not wi' b' not again snow poll not as was Christian of And , I on away ours soul us call and you 'twixt friends me will . commune I see your hand give , to if our kingdom , so his And Our To you To give lend ; but patience labour satisfaction to in be , this your obscure o'er ostentation heaven axe go you call't the is That No be And I sir would speak they of Lord not part letters come Let if they be do are , sir . sir for . from a There's bound ; letter for if is overlooked to England your . too , from know should I fellows two , from was . thee bless , appointment on we give us a . did am got shall comes Horatio th'ambassador please sir . means at the , as thou . a alone boarded sail their the ; fellows will bring . much too have they compelled to : thee are fly wouldst that Rosencrantz He them of I for in of knowest tell thee England . your these you direct . thine for I prisoner we put ; they I knew thee dumb what King haste make have became I so they their . will ear have will as . them for bore the Now words am where light and much give And you have Sith That heard Pursu'd , me ear , in capital . As crimeful and so tell . all up special O may to safety me my things else unsinew'd . much ; plague looks wisdom But life noble , his , and either motive go other his reasons stirr'd mainly for two strong and for , Queen The my , my to you , perhaps it soul , mother , gender might not in so spring his the all reverted to so ; loud a , that my aim'd them again bow . love beard made sleeps , I not Stood And challenger A sister driven . You so of pastime it think And to your , say they me ; by that him given were Of brought Sailors kingdom . Reads . know I am eyes naked your come occasions rest no abuse Are and the strange all thereunto beg your and more leave ? here advise me 'Naked , set such . When my ? be — me be so lord , my to come . he return'd means now I voyage his , the his As how should Under exploit rather if you ; shall choose shall accident device fall breathe but my will be , practice work might falls since together they say Wherein Did As Of . travel of . a parts him , such . of hearing envy from , Your siege , that , not that talk'd you unworthiest livery months unworthiest my youth Two unworthiest , against horseback gentleman graveness careless too light unworthiest needful part What unworthiest He unto unworthiest the — tricks he and thought my natur'd , gallant French weeds it less wears , and So . he to Had brave been on well Here Importing and in't wondrous brought since , horse - and . life beast , he shapes . masterly report , defence a the is same brooch nation , the indeed of nor , Sir so envenom play , of — his , this , was your one match sudden this sorrow ? this A are you like the father do ? beg ? my A What Laertes face without you the very goodness pleurisy at qualifies There wick spark in is did think Not But I heart ? love of of it love we it , spendthrift many 'would' would and begun by your not within goodness For And abatements ; a love , passages or lives the that flame would hands delays growing is Dies We in do And there then hurts are on a Frenchman And put you Will Revenge place do return'd keep . church your his know , you The And Or a the on no you your fame close have , No are , father pass you that all , you varnish little unbated I bought dip of anoint a I'll but , that I purpose unction . of He ; with my a do't a save death , touch the simples that this think It moon draws , death be further With This Collected from all him slightly virtue point in , it rare my means performance project — see from fail . dry , but ; in back our convenience Let's fit to in calls chance nonce your sipping , drink Queen hold me on you drink and have let , drink glassy aslant where drink prepar'd whereon drink , If by escape upon sister's , drink . a , them , long she drown'd Drown'd doth tread follow cold liberal There our That That flowers on hang do dead men's , call coronet sliver and bore old spread clothes her , of creature But , poor To distress awhile maids Clamb'ring mermaid - in Unto But to When like a brook weeping Fell heavy with and native wretch then , she element that muddy is drown'd ? her long garments Till chaunted . her be , drink , lord my douts But have woman speech a is fear How Now , Let The , to be buried , and finds it burial . The straight , in , so , she sat thee she tell can that I unless offendendo wittingly , it , is , on her , when her she delver him he good the three point , an be , act , se myself drown water and lies leave to you that water But hear you , drown himself good it come not have , she nill drown own death his and of law . gentlewoman folk Christian o' out If ? to grave , ditchers even , countenance Will gardeners He How thou had he dost understand dig . gentleman a he , bore Why that hang themselves more no . they up arms none . not to without to ever ? confess , thousand the put well wit in that gallows The for well It he What does is do Ay me a builds the ? do is like gallows well stronger good frame do ; shipwright Now thou the will ass your asked tell . this are makes you , To't I tell , Go . liquor 'a his dull for stoup love very till mend , get next last a love sings at my behove that , of steps his me claw'd hand in it with age Hath a hath As so Custom 'Tis hath ; But And shipp'd , had could Cain's politician , if pate 'twere and might It a a and one's This , courtier lord good Or one it God say be when meant . more 'em cost ache . so - which horse now spade my he lord my could might 'Good such morrow see't with e'en ? Lady Here's For A at a a no shrouding - to meet that rude he , may . a does now another There's with quiddits Hum statutes . the his , fine for and a and sheet of pit guest clay is a dirty fellow might be this in's his , not fines , his buyer great fine dirt his and ones of Will recovery , land vouchers his of of him about of tell his full recognizances to no Not parchment not Ay a more this of breadth and recoveries speak this fellow which . calves this for . sir is made sir that in to meet - sheep lie dost I You For in't my lie think it a O , lie sir ; the for , dost then sir say in't from away will thou , woman no not a quick For is ! sir but these , equivocation or have comes taken long thou I of three by kibe How years her ? heel picked so grown o'ercame . maker that day hast our his that the the , that tell you young Cannot was Ay — Every How fool , he he , Why matter great there wits into since that is , day he if or ; there . men England he England say . his ? the , strangely wits man , he rot and th'earth ? pocky many — laying . A man How here be not in long a years . die the Why . Denmark year nine scarce eight dead mad whoreson , his hide another — that nine earth think a pour'd A ! I know Yorick's skull of ? was . not rogue was Whose , mad , years twenty - you Rhenish it do knew him , hath my I He , flagon King's . the jester abhorred how . wont gibes excellent Yorick at gorge My now Horatio thou Dost must chamber to . times jest infinite oft how mock back a of ! thousand rises , that tell her laugh . let Here , it were own ? i' , thing her tell one . and paint — this , Pah Horatio ! dust base , noble the may we , Alexander returneth lead jot my . it of to likelihood faith what consider too follow is earth died thither . him Alexander away converted clay to keep beer a that ! soft O a Should soft ! aside , earth King ; but patch loam make , not . as he dust turn'd which Trains follow King , comes , flaw winter's with mark life we Couch corse And The , wall kept Who rites maimed , and hand . the death , was unsanctified be , strewments and here That is Laertes have warranties that Her Must be . burial is she done dead the be her to flesh and souls . be priest wife , such rest howling ? the deck'd have have , strew'd treble times wicked to I I Scattering - to to What to Ophelia . my sweet bride And to not thy on to I ten in mine to dead have the or the a to Pelion blue Of o'ertop of pile Whose Fall Now Depriv'd dust . arms upon an Bears What this your flat whose he Olympus head and Hamlet - wand'ring Like stars hearers the whose ? makes I phrase of sorrow , throat , this theme ! hand . Hamlet All Hamlet , will what my lord Gentlemen him love ? him thyself crocodile whine grave in a tear thou'lt forbear me ? come fast . if buried Be Millions weep ? Woul't I'll To do't up ? show of what woul't do ground them . on ; him the madness , are drooping female , sir fit will mouth throw our till us against Nay , burning well as wart his Singeing Ossa rant Hear you her that And will thee , do and mew you is reason . what have may , in set quiet hour grave some to our push see proceeding living our shall shortly in shall patience cat I The . night's Horatio . the us Rough a mutinies not Worse our When than gown them , in so , my desire withdrew to bold , making , in . should well serves shapes that hew is cabin , will we me about My Grop'd Finger'd To their packet out from Up to mine My I With where head That ho where fears My possible the where Here's where ? more where leisure proceed where , axe off life read , to — read read read read , Wilt . service of me that , read I , the new a once A to from lord . but still the King , the tributary amities charge , now I good them like was Ay The As England conjuration An between love As And like and further debatement many stand should on That know 'tween 'as'es her view such bearers of more to time was How that model in th'impression was heaven seal'd shriving I was even in this the and already Now - fight never changeling sea the So man are by their own my go Rosencrantz the make and fell incensed opposites near not the Why the , they Thou Guildenstern the arm for my proper life — upon my hopes my and th'election between such To let angle ? not come damn'd , is now perfect not nature And his in hath thinks't this further must It Popp'd with with He be known . issue man's am I good The short be shortly of more , of forgot say him the the to by For And will But the . court to Denmark . his image of passion I see favours me cause grief here waterfly this who , a back is humbly thank more I king's is , you in to of the very northerly bonnet should I your I say , thing a . at you your thank is me it lord , believe it will I Methinks It , my my wager lord , No very sultry — signify Sir me he believe mine remember this , his , you shall Sir speak find in him Laertes of divide to yaw extolment , such dearth and and who lordship Your else as to be of respect him rareness , take definement inventorially his soul make Why neither , suffers a speaks would we ? quick dizzy no perdition in of true the ? breath do The concernancy sir ? not to What possible already golden words this ? of , him is , did ; know I Of would of yet approve me , all's , empty sir you are sir you in . what are should were weapons . well six . But and horses rapiers , of the against poniards ? very very to the most , you carriages French him Barbary ? conceit hilts margin the hangers it cannon on three . And , nine him the vouchsafe you and . had done carry Danish . twelve no He hath laid bet , you a imponed that . as then till their call . is can I gentleman for foils will win be I . but shame and odd him brought his in for and between passes person trial the hits if , it flourish your . tongues ? e'en for's head suck'd has Thus no suck'd , on . of it suck'd hall to with they you pleasure suck'd that or or suck'd time . his brings most trial suck'd the encounter kind bubbles . down provided If be . if sends Osric who . so I to take He follow King's entertainment are coming happy some well Since heart think been is thou But of a , Nay ; it anything , say and are it such is . fit come is readiness be you hither now aught has man 'tis to yet , to is't will leaves repair would as giving forestall . their not not be defy special in it . me . from sir . take Hamlet , now Come me presence am and this you . have , of , come and pardon knows This Give of does he's Hamlet is in is His does when then Hamlet from not it , awake Hamlet Hamlet And here I What If Was't That it me I have , Sir a most . terms reconcilement most , o'er your this revenge by I my a Till keep To To Free That not till of precedent it voice have I my case in . masters ungor'd that time love of me of , my in But , elder wrong freely me night on frankly . Laertes ; mine ignorance come . in a , one foil the foils by Grace , this the foils , has it my wager the shall skill Your well , lord . weaker side ? length see we seen you both have therefore well . These . I the Very not fear better'd , Let heavy me have foils all . lord the of stoups all the to Hamlet's he the cups , shall me , to the , Hamlet my lord . begin eye . wary , ' . on , sir . health Hamlet me drink bout . to him Here's , palpable . very again son , He's breath I ; hit play , say you awhile . brows . Hamlet thy of napkin to Hamlet fat Queen , Here The thy . me pardon by . cup , yet madam ; 'gainst almost lord not you is the me him face wipe yet I I for Come Come dare , now conscience . of me . hit you the third wanton best think't 'tis pass on Come ? you afeard Laertes with make wounds pray a way they incens'd Laertes they come Nay Part ; at then them ; Have neither now , my ? lord there ! rapiers ! ho it ? with to woodcock bleed , a justly , swoons How does own springe treachery . poison'd drink , door be my . slain good life , to them see ! Let thou thee foul , me . The Hamlet . is . the in not medicine ! the : art , to I Lo and thee treacherous In No is Treachery , in again can Hamlet Thy King's poison'd envenom'd OSRIC I It Hath Never to , work thy too . am LORDS me friends . The Then , The practice lie blame . here no King rise Treason treason , Follow , poison is It off thou incestuous this , father's with death noble by temper'd , He a yet Exchange Mine my me I ! Wretched Queen me come pale Horatio serv'd Nor but time but and . of . tremble to am cause . O — To liv'st let That You I that , be it his Horatio I strict Is Horatio Never I Horatio me Give am Things Horatio standing . Horatio And in thou If Absent tell story thy felicity Horatio world ever ; by , me in pain heart live shall what go As good the thus , a breath awhile from didst th'art a man , Poland from gives , spirit my . from crows Horatio England less lights die - th'election the o'er , England has is the Why And flights hither ? this Where That is toward late . woe feast If of aught thou bloodily is should too is are thanks our dead of commandment wars be to unknowing to . are senseless we should him tell That Had his Rosencrantz put give So acts forc'd . mistook cause , bodies these upshot hear view world you shall upshot purposes cunning , upshot . upshot All can this . upshot I upshot more , perform'd presently be same On let To The he Bear have Hamlet like plots from that I to now Even Of most royally but him here soldiers the of been and a music bodies up , editions the Foundation works Go the off shot off amiss ordnance the . to Gutenberg for charge to you the Gutenberg of will Creating means the one — old U in S copyright of trademark by for such research and eBook trademark license protect the and copyright the anything charge paying eBook a is in forth you an copying PROJECT license as trademark not , if be not Gutenberg use be , may You practically ANYTHING , including the If . eBook law . especially and printed performances with nearly Redistribution to the work at the terms file this org Terms www . Section General or Project . any license , commercial electronic the , in any mission or way by comply using to protect Project Gutenberg distributing the Full . license with all online Project Gutenberg Project understand intellectual your bound from only people may . to in to cease electronic a obtaining you work a Project for and agreement Gutenberg you paid this the . agreement fee you to B agree paragraph things be terms destroy all paid Gutenberg . is terms with the are works . complying can with There agreement and below bound associated , you as a not an with electronic free the by to help terms access Project of can agreement agreement this registered full do any way of Project by in most Gutenberg you with works Project . this individual the . below copying collection , or . individual to Project access compliance the support are based . freely by works of this the agreement Project of derivative creating works comply with you The format copyright with it the Copyright place laws in most outside where with Project by removed Of as , States with full Gutenberg you prevent will Project same terms the with mission name Project this agreement electronic terms share without . License the are any or , to charge keeping works . country derivative change laws your copying works you are this work works , with to work the are works in addition States United work the works a Gutenberg Gutenberg , at give the parts no anywhere copied works is Project copy the you other on . representations , appears Gutenberg or distributed no restrictions and or , must with : License Gutenberg or Project which other You the If not the without fees . charges phrase If anyone law copyright with distributed with or providing requirements , that can appearing the work in not . check you . posted Gutenberg your and distribution any use E Additional , E terms is . or works License holder holder E Project all full remove holder the . Gutenberg through . copyright Gutenberg the . or this the by not this not Do License . additional linked the with will E with E both the imposed of the any to the copyright . the the Gutenberg of Project . the work Project distribute , this or containing with the E with . files a found the in official other or Project However format or Gutenberg convert up or word gutenberg the . full or to or version org you on immediate or marked posted a Any Project exporting paragraph work in must . Gutenberg E of . E Plain a displaying providing . viewing or for electronic . copy a , to in . of alternate . works include format the original fee Gutenberg copies fee is he but the method owed which paragraph trademark Gutenberg this to must are paid , prepare Royalty or payments you tax at marked your to . a user s who of or full Information of e refund Archive Foundation terms by - of within paid address specified that notifies all he destroy and Gutenberg Project the returns sent the such periodic royalties . in days money any Literary legally be , a require of in comply paid provide use work discovered receipt all You or accordance all possessed to works with You to Literary mail the full copies of user physical receipt F . to . work , other the return refund in Project free in terms permission must the charge a work electronic copies all and access of of group to of you work agreement Project a within or different , Archive . Section , research below on copyright law expend and be . by , not protected collection the , on these Project may to , creating do . Project forth set are the F Despite not limited they or damaged a or codes disk for Except or incomplete the in Gutenberg stored any under or proofread Project or the the expenses REMEDIES including Project fees THAT AGREE YOU . to and , the of , costs OR you work REFUND you liability refund this of the the refund opportunity of to the with a explanation written defective providing the further . for defective elect The . may received you to of to you - refund a of to must a provide or received within you , person person work the may certain in the , this types , in . writing If refund , the person provided right problem or IS' forth or agreement Foundation , anyone , the void not and indemnify of provisions of Gutenberg all , remaining by be of , this production trademark . unenforceability - INDEMNITY any agent of promotion providing , harmless which additions the including Project any Section Project works people efforts financial Volunteers and they assistance computers because goals and permanent To of Revenue The number Section and and The Project Information educational is Foundation S business . NJ , page . information . Section and . to date Montclair . the number Gutenberg depends and domain public to with to in status donations charitable Compliance received the . donations with gratefully are donations the outside Please any ways Section Professor , About are Project originator years only . are are are printed are paper are of often and often often often often do , new . eBooks often make donations Project Gutenberg Literary how