unfold and the there ? your hour to Get carefully . 'Tis sick . much you am I Have thee cold . is ho you ? there night hath - reliev'd good , Give you good Welcome , Say , what What I says our approve if watch have apparition night us seen twice , sight not I Touching And to dreaded will Therefore With He us And are us Sit awhile of minutes , against assail once two have again down may yond Where now his star t'illume beating made same What That down all burns us let When it course Last , Peace same figure , a art break thee bell The Thou ? thou march By is It , speak , See which Together art In sometimes What and ! tremble on't you ! You will answer ! look ! something ! this more the Of Is As was he the once he He So frown'd When Such , sledded now Good Why down sit nightly toils such impress why And Why So And not Doth Sunday , subject the Sunday task shipwrights this the Sunday haste of for mart foreign divide be the Well Thereto Whose , to so slay Was , the but goes Dar'd prick'd on ; who , a ; of ; the article , design'd , which return'd hot , Now mettle of Norway and resolutes sir lawless , young , here Fortinbras there ; compact , his list and stomach , had same lands take , it , head is our foresaid land this so figure . the watch question King : those no armed Comes That Of source - this our watch rummage sort through trouble of of these e'en portentous like wars , blood , the and the stands sheeted dews moist , dead streets , Roman empire Neptune's like preceding together fates the with to climatures where countrymen fierce still and blast , Lo ! earth Unto , though heaven to almost behold . earth coming omen earth our sound good any thee art privy to earth fate , to . thy foreknowing earth done grace voice be , earth and . earth it of , earth , in ! my stand partisan not gone the air show as offer It We For our , to then The his Doth Awake god , Upon was And a that is day Whether And it with lofty ; and at the have summons the . I like erring shrill trumpet it and fire of the To on . confine made in his air , throat - earth truth . stir dare night to nor , singeth birth ever the crowing 'gainst all season comes ; long celebrated sea in Th'extravagant present wholesome , The bird no , in no spirit Saviour's nights look the watch up and clad . power hath gracious and morn what for , will my tonight , it is mantle have we us our , Where we shall find loves duty , and Hamlet Voltemand dear it Attendant that , him , I . conveniently death . grief discretion in contracted sometime with sister to as this of think sorrow , remembrance funeral scale and auspicious , you that weak a affair along wisdoms ; nor For all which Holding thinking to fail'd the state Or Now Your this Our With hath not his our To for most He father Colleagued this by much , business and ourself this further Out You Giving the you , full subject gait his and purpose , the for him . suppress to Norway , hears Fortinbras , duty the . duty . heart mouth ? father , What from ; at bend duty to in favour show whence and Dread my willingly To From leave My and to your wishes gracious must my though confess thoughts I father's , laboursome my your them you He Take I By Laertes will beseech do I you fair Laertes give him , thy hour ; at Laertes Hamlet spend seal'd Laertes cousin clouds , Laertes my graces that little than the and Laertes more lord you , Laertes the Laertes , lids Denmark die . lives breath black , If it , it fruitful river haviour of of of cloak madam Together actions a These moods forc'd might within that Nor , Nay inky suspiration forms all No Nor ! alone customary . the , seem indeed of . persevere survivor a But to course , and in your to lost and for lost filial But That For shows a unfortified heart in 'tis thing vulgar to fault common to as common , cried , to died , fault , most the heart against most absurd our must know dead be understanding we any Why the Fie An what As ? we A to it fault should simple To of corse , first and ' . so And that toward , woe unprevailing are impart back you , beseech is It most the which , immediate ; the retrograde . father no school the that till to , pray We less nobility our think most dearest and father let , with for of , Than You And in we chiefest , courtier with and to of you ; us my best obey go our our to bend : cousin desire , eye prayers you Here thee pray Let not Our 'tis and my smiling This as Why the King's speaking Re this too itself Come melt dew a into not an 'tis ! all , the fie to weary that resolve Everlasting bruit shall clouds flat of unweeded ! thunder the things it , not ! away . not that was to this : solid , to flesh That winds mother slaughter , nay king so heaven ! would stale ; loving beteem Why of grown , nature ! body God A , wants beast , little not it on't which fed on — two , what , O Niobe brother to the flushing , of . but , that married Within , to post tears unrighteous , discourse she , thy shoes of , uncle , old father month sheets . I to Hercules ; longer all a wicked most mourn'd in dexterity such Ere My Would father's I the . not is left married break Had With , She , I But It heart to Horatio what make And Hail my forget you to your , from ? Horatio you with friend same The good make would But you what But in are enemy . your deep so lord disposition it of my you make , faith To you truster hear lord I , it to I my was not think prithee Indeed it teach We'll Did , do My I He I shall was mind's , my marriage funeral tables in foe day I dearest the seen had I had met my — eye , see that him saw In my Where a My the King Who saw lord admiration I a ! gentlemen may while deliver him . hear till your King my This dead and waste . A figure of these middle their Season the fear ; distill'd , did whilst : watch me in act thrice , father they him - both your not more like true the This to fear . time , we speak not upon you I My , none it answer But lifted it But the was ? where ? it watch did would true duty . our away . Arm'd We Both . this . me the do , toe ? troubles but , tonight lord . foot beaver up frowningly anger . very , countenance A was It Very His again tonight . walk , all . well fare no but tongue still ; twelve you I'll I My I then Till Your loves , foul father's sit earth spirit play my them would ! is the , are , the . hear hear hear favour , hear hear and not but of a hear ? no this so primy more In For he now withal . of the he cautel will as , thews temple not you you fear his is will on his persons soul , waxes alone mind birth choice for of choice and Denmark is to be this his whole he it ; you , own state his subject is May Than it Fear lose your credent yielding believe if Then must the your . and far act that of he says your deed head wisdom list chaste . his may honour songs open sister my your danger beauty maid and unmaster'd , heart keep in best are and infants calumnious to the , the of Out Be itself unmask The canker oft wary not shall Whilst like me not path steep And Himself Do Contagious rebels in lies though , th'effect some and and reckless pastors way . not rede good lesson to libertine , do as a shame . grace second a . O double Occasion here And Yet entrance Bear't may unfledg'd and , thy comrade , steel act no , memory , of tongue Beware thee of but hoops . few with ; judgement thy ; quarrel - unto thy oft the a most habit censure but purse the France , best itself loses edge select of generous chief in ; in night true thee man day lord both . servants . both go leave blessing follow to both lender be and of both and : the both any own friend . both well . memory have Ophelia , remember you lock'd both said , your , I tend it shall in to the Farewell The , 'Tis you And Farewell my yourself What Marry time Ophelia hath said he something , please you private do You And so of caution — between behoves your of told to been it my speak a green to You his believe you Affection , know such Of , like as lord call a true tenders them should yourself Tender tenders circumstance think for the . you you pay more yourself perilous dearly poor of wind crack sterling ta'en , think me importun'd teach , my , Ay it not are That not may In honourable . with a baby , love to thus not to Running My you , given countenance the to And the the When promise for as , these , woodcocks blazes in both daughter , making this higher Lord Hamlet rate maiden From is scanter your of that a something Be a so with Than may And Set Believe in Giving Lends You must blood tongue Even The terms This , brokers ; larger . he parley to Do Not But believe that be of not Breathing mere much not his to better Have give , charge plain in slander with is and implorators like sanctified to Look you The words I you you beguile , to't shall you you so As you air I you . of it hour you an now air you eager ? lacks heard Wherein Indeed it spirit does The And Keeps The the this Rhenish thus pledge , breach Ay The - drains doth , And heavy Is it drum his and am I is't custom native it ? is though of to And my to That As in pith achievements our Soil They More This us addition ; perform'd of they his some and forts that of defect , corruption evil doubt . of . substance of dram , damn'd goblin or wicked or , undergo fault The may as the particular man , lord Angels grace ministers of from airs thy Thou will com'st with Bring King , speak saw thee cerements his ; in tell , mean moon again in , glimpses fools the ponderous , and shake disposition steel , me , sepulchre , nature we ? did ? do our of complete , to Wherefore impartment it Look Wherefore do go more you with waves But to Wherefore a Wherefore Wherefore ground Wherefore . Wherefore . it I what It It And do for if What It waves my thing Being forth toward flood immortal again summit other madness , motive fathoms roar . into toys of into horrible of , the to me I'll go . body . that me out in your hands , not lion's , him of Go He waxes desperate thus 'tis fit will to obey . lets gentlemen . Denmark go further . I'll no will will . tormenting almost come will . will will thou will shalt hearing will , nature fires in spirit art am foul purg'd confin'd term father's walk fast my whose away crimes to days that prison unfold thy stars like thy a and . But the unfold young blood unfold love , list . unfold murder unnatural dear God List . O unfold unfold Murder But most ears May meditation or I thou thee apt than , hear Hamlet , Lethe be in . ease revenge my ; orchard , whole . of ear , fat the Now of noble youth Denmark love . wings thoughts wharf weed on my in the thy thou process sting death ! life . father's crown soul adulterate ! that with that shameful the , traitorous have beast - gifts won off was queen seeming of that there his , falling even with hand and the dignity virtuous ; never will , gifts be it of heaven mov'd were ; her a hand love marriage , in in a whose wretch went natural in court But itself virtue a in on prey And a poor ; bed scent methinks be porches distilment effect orchard afternoon uncle in did vial the of I within celestial morning hebenon hour as The That Holds swift vigour droppings did , crust man ears courses thy doth the a of blood it it whose mine , about of of through So , a brother's bark'd body . blood , my in disappointed blossoms queen tetter and vile . sleeping crown nature the bed of damned incest head it , and pursu'st contrive sin my unanel'd be Denmark soul act this bear ! thy ; let bosom to leave at the matin . near once lodge Remember . me , her nor But not thy adieu prick And Against To and adieu to And The adieu , adieu earth my adieu ; else , thee a heart old ? adieu , adieu , thee Remember ! instant ? adieu , Remember while . up , globe table fond records memory ! ' remember Now may most commandment . baser wipe books and , And Within Unmix'd O villain O youth My That one At villain , smile am sure and . Meet are . my , sworn't . Hamlet ! ho ho be it , Illo ho , Within Hillo . Lord . wonderful my ? my lord , lord ? tell , you'll lord my of be lord by ! heart and , villain But then you How would you'll man secret MARCELLUS my Denmark . knave come . are shall and go , hath and without ; it Look These Such fit business man every your it , hold And Why right , so I You whirling business my desire poor , pray . heartily offend they wild I'm sorry Yes no my there is heartily offence as For Yes , O'ermaster't are , you friends me Give one and , lord you have MARCELLUS tonight . will seen . not in We , my lord , my faith have Cries Indeed , upon my . my In I ha oath . truepenny . the this in Consent thou Art . sword ? the this my . Swear speak of that , cellarage Swear stage under on Come Never lay And speak your et have you this Swear friends fast ground . you my hither Swear ! work remove is but more i' more good , more philosophy your , odd hereafter To more That How Here Than more you , at an in soe'er things dreamt strange arms , 'Well more Or 'If As more we That know , giving or , I As So at me times put you grace list by With to such we Or Or and , rest all With Rest , my , still The do ever I was . a do perturbed and set your shall time him this Give I money do shall will on fingers your him his marvellous lord , you Of My . intend make , Marry well ; what what I Look you . it in said behaviour . good , to Paris expense and are of , and come question well first very at what did where ; they keep sir , friends . Reynaldo him , it nearer , more of ? liberty and , noted my , heed of and known so rank slips that wild put on usual none ; swearing , far so charge . quaintly , on the faults of to another that as Faith , they flash A savageness outbreak assault him it season open : meaning That must believe it Marry be of converse you Mark little drift would I here's on sullies of a you in breathe or phrase this you with or the so party Your sir to He The a You As ' man then ? or ; prenominate him in 'Good He By , I about to I the the you saw At At 'friend mass the the — in at enter do the the the then There falling And you wi' My lord . well you yourself . affrighted . the so been the in , what's Farewell , before . he knees knocking , horrors for To Ungart'red Pale No My , as he ? and all of thus held his , thy know Mad do not speak of As thrice last did a head thus waving stay'd face so arm mine of up all hard arm profound bulk go , down me turn'd , his ; he end his being . That done , he lets , help their to the last natures . I am sorry , love close to for common cast It And had meant I Moreover Welcome that The Our hasty Something you to and did . so inward man Rosencrantz nor should heard , him provoke call hath be himself up humour , court and our you in companies brought here by gather and glean , with , youth you thus afflicts our . your of within you to talk'd are not may , there will please good living him it and will remedy us , you hope , such thanks of with remembrance of awhile have our us you into , more . full bent , command feet gentle instantly of . in , service and . gentle up And these son Go ourselves our Thanks To both We To And lay Thanks too And , and , make presence Th'ambassadors joyfully Norway Pleasant presence from my presence presence still my my to Both think , God duty my presence and to , presence ? presence hold this brain sure hear long I policy else my I you Assure of King gracious soul to that do Hamlet's do of the it , us'd cause fruit very The speak O fruit fruit fruit fruit doubt friends brother from fruit greetings of , levies which into better a he , what 'gainst to out , sends he , in , and ; age , Highness whereat griev'd impotence brief and ; arms of against your with in joy soldiers fee , Majesty in uncle fine , in which ; borne Norway annual more those from rebuke Makes three before Through it On And him Norway thousand overcome employ levied your time , labour . business we'll allowance , this and this enterprise of soul night madam business This My day but is we Why that define day . and time is . true I is 'tis for we it , foolish now effect this this And cause effect say us But will remainder , remains rather find 'tis use I , What is't he Or For it Madam And But true farewell That Thus I celestial the an That's Hath in a duty . vile you to ? a . the ; Who phrase , 'beautified' I a But Doubt phrase Doubt Good stay Came faithful I doubt never am that evermore Ophelia I But , love dear in I , As ill hath mine receiv'd she hath how But . would I As or table Or What seen it , so Before my had might And my look'd the must love what of me wing might think the dumb , work , to bespeak , gave resort star , love tale of . advice make of I receive from love out then no I , his precepts round thy idle love went did — lock . repulsed , messengers , no love Admit That must Hamlet she not , into the sadness love the And thus this ? mistress prince a . he , 'tis this love wail wherein and you madness ? that know , so ''Tis fain likely ? positively may It I . very Hath And That been this may try lead sometimes he lobby four will it , centre though hid You I'll indeed the Within Be and know Here encounter not Let such Mark the you . a be try But I'll try try keep But look Away try . Lord - You try How presently Hamlet ? fishmonger try Do Excellent I were so lord my lord honest , is a man . this true my to a know . be — dead , world , my one man thousand lord goes dog , not ; very Yet but . he gone , lord you read , words my Between satirical are their eyes that my , that they sir though plentiful lord purging I a am , it slave the For . that gum hams , should as honesty it , not old backward have , here says I yet , believe most with yourself potently you Aside that contrive the You cannot withal honourable could sanity My , will meeting take my will . well you , except Fare sir , These go to You the To My excellent . friends As indifferent Rosencrantz Good ! Polonius are children are we we lads Fortune's her ye children ? we privates children the Fortune , children ? Then you about secret children None O children soles my ? the , the question , is particular ? world's that but lord near have But news sends she We think is are one ; one there being thinking goodly in to , for one ambition , Why then could makes it To ; be were that nutshell , a prison . narrow a the shadow are dream dream is for ; itself so and light shadow , beggars court and shadow's the and bad . shadow it that a fay substance , heroes is outstretch'd my I and my dreadfully at . But for ; I . Were you not occasion you make other , Come but you most . with , my man will , such To my Is , with What You , modesties , free ? am , your . kind , But justly ? enough ever fellowship to - charge To What you proposer obligation of could rights our the ? you a , whether by by , me you love If . an . with me , discovery , were and ; lord will secrecy to the canopy the frame excellent , no firmament late , exercises of I most a piece other work dust angel faculties , world in . What in and of paragon in form , thing this of apprehension not yet express how you to air , smiling you ; like man is seem how moving no in say , And I said no 'Man me my so me such to , delights to in man , not coted them stuff We on offer service his to — his foil Majesty and shall end use are his tickle you man lungs or the , are in both . reputation the halt shall sere peace have target welcome the the clown make not shall Even How profit travel say lady think inhibition , to I hold the same were you they estimation comes comes Do How they their and are of stages clapped aerie so they children goose , pursue if no keeps of afterwards , Who are they longer common the rapiers there tarre them much exclaim are ? sin for to should bid means no make has to been unless the poet . there O ducats while my Ay is this apiece my Do fifty there more do that not for very make are , you welcome my should , of garb this appurtenance Gentlemen fairly welcome - north my and lord the ? aunt which . ceremony dear handsaw , at his of each . west what north , is you with be too not come to me Monday When . The actors tell the it indeed . tell you tell come you Buzz buzz Upon either for on each , my comical in Then comical writ of pastoral The tragical , law Seneca cannot - judge of treasure he which me call on What on you on then like on ? look you show on . know more most , comes . For on was where . well valanc'd , What face , thee I . all beard cracked , not . uncurrent , see are piece you all last and , first The , pass my chanson , as will pious a speech Come quality have speak me , in the speech once , my remember the was it . matters the in down no , play a heard whose , said scenes phrase sallets I , Masters , you to't e'en We'll above caviare well savoury speaks than the were it , let in thereabout see live it , me If as of indite the make as others million wholesome as it to speech — resemble , horse Pyrrhus night your smear'd , sons , trick'd foot Pyrrhus , daughters , fire gore wrath Head . more he fathers , total gules tyrannous Roasted the with impasted blood , like eyes o'ersized in with good , coagulate seeks you So Striking lord too drives and . Pyrrhus Priam whiff Pyrrhus' . and , lo declining father Th'unnerved my God But with at Stoops prisoner feel Repugnant his Takes the to falls to to Which Of And like a a was So , Seeming Priam , But reverend A , hush , bold Doth silence vengeance as in , On Mars's the And And out , Out bowl all rend , Aroused As the , In take Break take round general low the take the to a barber's As take for jig This too bawdry Prithee . her heaven take , or . on . take . sleeps say he good is ? robe caught venom then her have in make clamour mortal milch in burning the gods eyes . tears ? bestowed well the have thee they death not he things mincing speak out were you while you and abstracts according use them live a have better I , much lord My should bodikin deserve they Dost ha't We'll thou the more friends Come friend my study insert . lord my which could , my well Very my my so Good my to , you look Elsinore . ye wi' that and a so , in all his eyes and conceit broken in her monstrous working , peasant b' God a not his for distraction And whole to , his For to he the He would , ear and drown with , and and the mad The damn'd Upon whose defeat calls - say beard and Who A can - dull A And Plucks me , nothing property and most for my Yet , a gives gives throat gives ? be gives gives gives , will speak players , tongue I'll murder I'll the uncle mine something . have organ like my him most Been They , miraculous devil pleasing be the shape course May I know to have With For Play Before I'll T'assume my As cause feels by we with would we But Nor from But Get He Did Most to , a a a certain joy court order players of already about before him a the kind these ? any of his a , a that Of him are , told him . see me ; us , further delights . much Majesties content me , may . lord my Gertrude have as of by gather may ourselves Affront closely too , hither here , both to so you he him bestow , We Your How 'Tis loneliness That walk ourselves The Is the give ! book ! helps art conscience true . do sugar my most painted my ! burden deed 'tis too my the troubles fortune is withdraw not the . coming Whether slings nobler him or be them and : say — outrageous of , be in sea To die a arrows ? the to of against by To die , a to suffer sleep question , end shocks consummation off — dream of us have to is flesh The off , perchance That in who oppressor's wrong bear makes off shuffled death off this ay wish'd be that we calamity off There's the life scorns proud mortal off long and , of pause . Must off With The pangs of dread undiscover'd enterprises And conscience this name with regard of And sicklied rather country To The bare the bodkin ? a weary the puzzles something , ills of and moment resolution death bourn we of ? have , hue pale pith action my sins their , in awry , their orisons a their of remembrances . day ? my this many their lord lord have pray No I . receive well ; longed their not re have you thank I I their long I your humbly , know right well never gave so sweet , I My rich for My , lord ha gifts Rich My Are That if Could ; is for , what This , into Ay to . once translate the time gives beauty ? honesty discourse . so believe now should your honest beauty be you the a my shall we but stock should not Indeed his it likeness honest indifferent a I , you made virtue but wouldst be a breeder . me of . you for have had give at borne them my . so I not deceived loved of relish . were put What arrant . such my it ambitious yet Why to thee thoughts be upon this shalt thee give him own At ice men go for thy dowry you . us believe marry a enough what . if quickly restore him too monsters thou thou wilt not escape . marry . thou . marry heavens , O ; face have and lisp Go have no on't , that they are married make . Those as . made your I all a To . you hath needs , paintings powers , another God's and more ; fair here ! but say your you . and noble most of rose the deject and of form , wretched , o'erthrown mind and observers all courtier's The Th'observ'd And Now sweet suck'd the honey , scholar's a , bells with see that and ladies of the mould Th'expectancy unmatch'd O glass of , quite , quite , form most vows ! and that seen disclose see tend his prevent seen it seen seen seen His what Blasted he his madness seen melancholy do like not For something settled puts his seen him expel to determination with the to England speed , beating What soul , shall our seas variable brains countries objects himself . But yet commencement of do in matter well . How you heart I grief please him , play the , not him where ear confine with , go unwatch'd you . it , trippingly your do , saw not in the for the very torrent had not so . I to many Nor ; passion of . all smoothness - ears of inexplicable . Termagant . be this tutor , anything special and to must you fellow O dumb the with action whose the to image overdone modesty to your . groundlings , whipped of , as . laugh must there Now , and at very or have speak , but the to that highly make in players not up this cannot — be and , playing let the mirror both for nature , bellowed . abominably your allowance it nor Christians , strutted men and one 'twere O , praise others , the have her own the though time of tardy o'erweigh heard have seen I more too reform O have , themselves to be have profanely well and — play have hope that we than have considered . set . set have the uses for down , villainous on in them fool the meantime that altogether it in Bid Queen King And the ROSENCRANTZ Will lord hasten and , the , players make ? lord my , work of piece this hear Horatio ! service . ho cop'd withal and will dear lord . man Here O do not my may I think I , Why the may dear And Since And my one As Hath Hast Whose that thee could let follow was herself all thanks a slave core heart's is In That not , a scene have Even is of I As ta'en A blood To they play One There prithee Do Which do thee That my ay , too with the itself damned a For I mine Danish he to . and play place , is ; join , Polonius Queen cousin cannot Guildenstern the : feed of promise I i' . march , now answer Polonius and good accounted ? i' mine not actor . play'd you once a . there Brutus ? kill dear good , kill kill kill of part brute lord kill my hither kill . No , King here's do my kill Lady lie the a I lie , lord Nothing are merry Ay , only your , you how cheerfully hours looks my ! 'tis months , and a ? my What man died a But Then within's be . for lord forgotten have wear ago , epitaph ! life half , black outlive shall I'll my do but father , my not whose his whose the , die let great whose then churches horse of . protestation the whose Queen embracing . Mutes is , in whose Lays him poison , away unwilling whose dead neck lovingly show ; it . gifts with Poisoner crown seeing his declines , The The to woos seeming Belike this show by this fellow they Will the my this mallecho , counsel means you ashamed what I'll mark to show it . Be our tragedy , the , for hearing posy of the a patiently . ring prologue , lord . As salt thirty thirty wash times hath dozen world the About us many So Make and you ere your though former be moon sun the , lord and is aught siz'd hath in holds love , great littlest , or my proof love fear there too : world as and , shortly so is , functions leave to grows . rest treason their live belov'd Honour'd And powers and be husband needs husband second Aside of instances , my me in now none . The A Are I what time second To Which like violent Of , But Their Where The What The Whether love is most joy world Grief joys That even For down in who advanc'd friend enemy where do fates our Our Sport thy die So Our thou when to anchor's the prison my thy from from earth from To from and An lock from desperation opposite Meet from here If ever I be it and lasting strife wife it fain thy spirits keep protests , like too ? Is much she'll , us twain ? heard argument , jest , The O but the but What . in anon The jade wince free the murder shall majesty have they do This You are we one that 'tis ; and , see Vienna you knavish Duke's the call how Gonzago , This work of , us . Let that : o' not but see off if my , lord you chorus . take I my are dallying to love my a better worse murderer . and . croaking raven groaning Begin drugs creature no and doth midnight fit , Pox leave thy . damnable ; seeing , agreeing weeds thrice property love Gonzago's the The false . infected immediately name's You shall . anon story His . wife . see Gonzago ? fire ? with What , fares How Give Lights Give , Why some must watch while world forest ; thou A in a , hart let the strucken play ; roses the some must razed sir of rest with and now Damon . dear , here was word Didst the , I'll ! Come music very well talk king , the he Come perceive ? For Why Ah then some like likes I well Very , a Sir whole word , him ha Good King , with , note did sir Come . the not . not lord if , belike vouchsafe , some — in retirement what , With ? to signify . with , this perhaps would choler distempered marvellous purgation choler him into affair frame and great tame wildly from , sir pronounce . do will . of spirit , affliction mother's it my your end be shall of . is not answer . cannot lord . What answer wholesome a make Therefore you can shall but she says , thus son the of ; to , desires with ten she obey at that love any once with times closet mother's stonish trade , still ? cause you . go Have you further . bar and You to the do ? griefs distemper , have grass you the — voice when but succession your sir me of . To see wind duty Will , play my drive . pipe cannot I know give it , lying : touch these my lord finger the stops I not the have are these . with your most out top to pluck make note voice , my stops lowest excellent , me you ; music . thing 'Sblood my me Call speak from what cannot play ? me you lord the fret see God cloud bless you almost in , will you me . sir shape ? and . camel weasel a indeed camel a of . weasel . whale a by . come and mother . by . to me top a a It like by — I By , a They will a say a and time Now of drink . said a very , hell Leave me a to breathes my hot let , not day a firm enter of Nero thy this not , soul Let in cruel daggers . none nature my , nor range safe dispatch it along with Therefore with , you endure prepare seals my never , use shent consent , somever she soul be , madness commission near Out To We so terms your his I To That and many your . hourly grow . stands . I And it forthwith England of The Hazard he to and live keep The single and bodies is Majesty , more draw mount things falls . general GUILDENSTERN - this this but , annexment and mortis'd Are Each To hear lord 'Tis that makes them . Fare more vantage upon you go you some nature of offence is you as the meet I'll speech the brother's my To wash not white confront prayer this we but in with brother's the What my as to itself . pause neglect rain forestalled ere there Is serve my is cannot effects one In May mine own law the and prize so the 'tis retain I did the th'offence this the corrupted oft the no to the what soft , O the true Offence's And 'tis . the it O with ! black one ? the forehead , there we of faults compell'd , death babe , heaven send villain goes father . And . do't I , O , A And I so I villain now And all how But his audit with in stands , who blown , course then his soul passage for he Then And As him has that physic , At Or gaming trip , is drunk pleasure ; his may , and in Words Tell will My never up , fly to him with , bear home lay you screen'd silence mother me coming . mother round I'll with me . you , thy with offended much wicked idle father . tongue . you you how , tongue , wife . mother my not budge . speak shall a up to down you till see you You come Come What . not may Behind O ho A help help help , dead am ducat rat ? Draws a for . rash is brother . mother this King — Take danger some is better wretched took To . wringing And a thee for be your . busy , penetrable a made heart bulwark custom it me to too wring of If That a it let Thou Leave What a proof a is have be That blurs , not a against blush ? rose off act of and grace hypocrite an forehead there the done And false From virtue of modesty tongue deed an of that Calls I noise so Such blister dicers' . contraction face Heaven's the and and - so sick as the sweet O Makes takes As here presentment , in . plucks a . soul Yea A Is words of what act , index , hill himself brow this and Mercury indeed of front the heaven a the god combination like to herald Jove , loud this That An Hyperion's curls was brothers two on this , a Look counterfeit Mars the and to of a what . man ear . follows mildew'd his set , brother Ha ! mountain ; judgement this Sense but : at , feed eyes , form assurance Look husband for tame , what thrall'd , err have judgement it's world your wholesome . blood ? the the to cannot , You Here Would Else , The could waits And to not this upon day you ; ne'er at feeling part shame as bones all , blush , thy is sans sight ? choice was't , What devil blind in where ! of , feeling or sickly Eyes Ears in Thou there in I turn'st such eyes mine As , to the in will not Nay In in , in but of an making bed enseamed sweat O speak in Stew'd see corruption enter more sty honeying to me in mine no ears . the twentieth A of villain the part precious shelf a the precedent from it of And your slave A A That like words A . Hamlet sweet and . pocket , wings gracious go . passion with your he's by visitation command ? purpose lets chide son dread he's he's ? figure to he's he's O whet O he's , do That How is Alas he's between Conceit , with your bend how incorporal eyes your you hairs stand , and an and Upon Would On Sprinkle patience ! cause on cool heat , Forth Your up conjoin'd Whereon preaching not have to ? speak you Nothing My Lest with stern To true effects whom colour ; all Do ; the is bodiless pulse as healthful music ! makes have utter'd brain your madness , ecstasy . time , the grace , test which . madness soul me . will flattering , my madness within heaven yourself compost these on is to to avoid the . fatness to this Forgive for do beg my the pardon , of woo curb Virtue them do And That Repent Infects not make Yea , For ranker And throw live , Hamlet O thou O use either And next likewise gives put aptly the almost With I'll me , the bloat your cheek tempt , no on him to neck with a , you that do shall King for ravel 'Twere from hide No And Or Pinch wanton who Would , For from that's Such in birds try break your words have said England Alack and , so . letters Whom They And For marshal will bear the trust had I , must Let the shall mines . their this room directly , two . moon line guts into . a most set yard , sport mandate as I delve to and 't 'tis you mother night Good was , most Mother I'll the night still , sir Come , sighs ; Where fit your is these place on matter must this You Ah , us , have does when In his something . apprehension old good this the And rapier so had It This Should you His Alas It To been deed , haunt of all been there . answer'd love , gone our fit disease , what much most he . this majesty , mountains no ship , mineral madness . life of his O'er But We will sun sooner the for shall away weeps hence Ho — our skill and Guildenstern touch some and with hath hath further . dragg'd , you you call , so slander I pray the done both what up o'er we'll Into seek And from as wisest haply we the him he away ! come . GUILDENSTERN ! Lord ! and Hamlet ? stowed ROSENCRANTZ Safely , come body they here ? the O with whereto thence dead may take it kin the we . it . 'tis lord on Who have Compounded where us a sponge can Take replication you your what keep me counsel should and — for soaks , that officers up ; like swallowed : when you , in and , needs the the squeezing last , them am glad I of it you must tell us understand , I with the King is , lord body me . Of How not lov'd it to I Yet sent Who dangerous where like But This By Deliberate How Where Ho , Bring before Guildenstern ! Hamlet At supper ? he us worm fat to else eats and he king fat fat politic Not We where worms your to worm that hath that fed that of a this ? king and variable we eaten hath That's ! hath go If a hath to But him as you hath messenger , stairs the you not hath . hath hath — him especial , He . Attendants lobby we , Therefore ; prepare wind everything , help hence thyself send safety thine the at , is With For tend ready For Ay England ? England . Good if , sees it is that So Thy cherub . flesh , Father it at and and , not is Pray hence with my is loving have . th'affair everything hold'st you seal'd him I'll thou love give foot That my yet the After may if great to looks thy sword on , us — thy to it free and raw aught , red full ; rages done . ne'er , he know begun , England king Danish Captain that greet I . process Our conveyance by me license the would aught , were my . my , haps Till me of a his the . the , him If his Over Go We And I are whose of sir you . Fortinbras frontier of patch of the in sold be it five Nor A ranker Why That pay , This is Will Why go go go fust Bestial oblivion and us with of his not go — go more , go wisdom , do , unsure and death is and thing's strength , means , stain'd blood a . in a be reason , men shame my trick and kill'd , How reason reason then reason reason . importunate is reason She I will not will My Whereon reason That , for the their graves like O slain not , or much tricks th' the the botch That i' enviously half at Her . sense words would Indeed , 'Twere as nothing to unshaped use of speaks , carry She There's , straws up might much breeding minds she for , unhappily with , prologue artless fearing spilt , her . is amiss guilt staff one know mark . turf stone lady , green gone , Pray White shroud Alas all to not her what we are let's have what , God but you How upon a All And Tomorrow no Then la Never more Pretty without , and for ! shame fie , and by an she By , come you me Quoth men Alack do't , I ha' all . long Cock By So , they before to tumbled wed by blame to't ; brother night my shall bed sun , me promis'd would be so ; give watch . ground An thou hadst well must sweet , you for , I ; the this her poison death , their come battalions Thick When But his and death In For from . they her O Last Her Feeds With necessity not , which herself unwholesome good In Will pestilent wonder in secret containing pictures France these from father's beggar'd death , arraign in , O , to himself infect of buzzers person his , this to Gertrude matter our my . me Gives piece death places many . this noise is What Save , flats , Laertes The , ratifiers Antiquity your O'erbears Eats And , They 'Choose as the forgot we and on cheerfully ? king O Where pray give leave me come let's I No , will this We this , thank . door O king , calm father . brands the brow harlot proclaims Laertes good my cuckold That Let divinity fear - my , Cries Even little incens'd but — Let go me it king our ? bastard here drop him go is cause mother like giant , chaste . Tell him , Gertrude . my . be Vows allegiance he him demand I'll the dead But him not father Where Let and , To to Let That not to Most Who My for to ; only give I'll world . to the certainty in your revenge to them . so . to , little friend , with husband . and , blood my pelican ; my , arms . eye father's your your to come her in Let . does ! How , Till heavens as sends the thing precious and , love nonny They Hey non , barefac'd it him grave And - It thy Fare , my tear a dove . nonny bier , didst thus master's and , There's 'Down wheel thou , It more document madness , fennel call This is it becomes for is There's violets We a difference . of There's may me bonny good is they with A that's remembrance pansies wither'd Thought , all hell died father thoughts There's a it to come come he and , my end my when . rue but all joy passion . poll again bed - white is away . gone his he was gone we on moan . pray his soul , flaxen is And , I me hear Make shall Or Laertes , commune by and must you deny right ye wi' God grief but , Go you friends , burial give we shall content our of choice Be you , If heard That So must 'twere formal nor , jointly death sword rite as nor trophy No let go with . great axe earth , content labour his , call't you is you where , with have . I them not do I in from world of what from , greeted should say part I was am it ; too There's . thou to the sea They have your for if is , us were . bless shalt have , put on we sir them prisoner compelled . letter a thee England him I a King know to this overlooked . for boarded let . make the ear Let boarded haste have thou as . course boarded , thine , boarded where And boarded speedier give you whom boarded thine . them of He Rosencrantz of bore am for in them mercy as me the I will the from , way Guildenstern much will these thee their good ; fellows . thee letters , your direct may them brought , ear friend tell these in all stirr'd two . up special were , you to to Which Is Too And where I a noble go father so for to aim'd into praises desperate lost again age come think dull not , imagine . hear love you shortly be so flat shook and But . on if driven challenger mount worth Letters that lov'd your it pastime father , You stuff of beard danger with news lord From Reads . Laertes and 'High . kingdom shall What Or is mean some Know this it ? Are more all strange thereunto to leave you , see pardon return you here advise tell diest live and warms shall it If it be so so As I lost in And a Can it I So own undertake not Ay you how Will have talk'd of hearing for sum a much , him parts regard . unworthiest is A Of that riband in the , too needful light health a and , and sables careless for youth and graveness serv'd well in't So of he did tricks , thought . seat this brought and incorps'd . been short shapes far doing Norman what beast of topp'd and ? Norman , He very Lamord my And And For your rapier 'twould guard scrimers most in a confession such of the . know That one If If cried and art of of , are of that think know I of A you Time And But of Not that of goodness is wick kind Dies And A by then And tongues hath , abatements would are and hands , delays spendthrift quick are the would you in are But . close should are know come are your the are you within are your church ? than th' good Laertes . together , contriving fine excellence varnish He being , you all with practice ease , you . a mountebank virtue it . rare , of cataplasm so from , point slightly touch gall . him time . shape both further think proof not in drift have did this Should 'Twere our to us fit May ha't I As And follow doth . O ! Drown'd So One , where in grows hoary leaves a nettles shepherds , fantastic with flowers on to When the in mermaid And Fell Which Or element Till Pull'd , Alas Too And Unto that a like creature But , wretch water I it woman have It Let But that The will trick will When Adieu my tears her custom , poor it . would ! fain , these douts folly out of is our what be this . this Therefore be she tell thee in Christian ? straight . crowner own in defence start finds herself it so her and therefore burial . wilfully seeks The when grave make be do and , cannot unless it , it myself is to Nay to me if can be herself an . argal the act three lies — an here For to goodman . hath she point ; good death own his guilty and drown man nill , will the is it , come water , Here the if not you ha' Will , Why there countenance marry ? Ay truth been on't . world have And the been than gentlemen . their have . burial pity drown should Christian thou ditchers He was to Adam question Scripture says , he he thou ever than carpenter shipwright confess . the I'll ? understand not , Scripture purpose , outlives the that the either . the thousand . how to dost may gallows But a carpenter . tell I tell ass of Go asked To't , Marry brains when he fetch Cudgel about Yaughan , O there houses The youth I a last are you and methought Methought love very for was it O grave feeling hath the Custom contract To Has ; I claw'd age with me in been into the me shipp'd in and never if 'twere could clutch employment in it made tongue as land such . once that How , the did . which this ass it the knave God . lord to it - sweet morrow such my say which might , might This This so a trick to loggets a with Did see't . and : with A sexton's For and such O , a and For . Why may a of a pickaxe quillets pit this , that another , suffer now he does shovel his There's quiddits Why dirty a fellow recognizances full , now knave rude be might and , more a pair pate of his of purchases in's time a his skull the be his not tell will fines his knock , tenures him fine ? land action him great ones recovery double too Will his of fines of , buyer the of indentures ; The my the very and , and than vouchers ? this no jot lord ha more of calf - and assurance . sir , and to Ay , of Not lord fellow to meet such They speak , are sheep calves O , this You think , on't lie it will in't , the ; not thou ? 'Tis is yet ? mine thine therefore 't quick say no then man What man from none neither . or have comes thou I card the maker kibe . that I year courtier so picked grave - galls came to't speak by must , these , that the , he Lord is By the the the it , Cannot How long th' days the , 'Twill not Very they ; there men e'en ? strangely How in him , Denmark . will nowadays that be not rotten man . years hold he he , year nine or hide tann'd a last have year he — will with more tanner in , th'earth i' laying die , you ere we as last that keep . you nine ? sore hath his than your - Whose it do . in lain this years was was was ? Yorick's . skull the of a back fellow , it Horatio borne me I ? know songs one now flashes how gorge Not kiss'd your on a roar Let thousand jest times it . poor infinite E'en that thou o' so E'en And noble dust Alexander may it ! a bung - hole ? trace Pah . to curiously follow thus lord return consider ; a it jot to was returneth lead But he may , so , my dust dead hole a , as we base what of till find stopping so we not . with thither modesty converted he turn'd comes hand with did Couch we such awhile Who , Here kept earth aside ! Mourners The Queen following Imperious aside But the corse O aside aside aside , with aside it own The Fordo That Laertes , What ceremony else noble order doubtful enlarg'd unsanctified the and more be such her Lay to As peace parted her from spring A thou When minist'ring And . I and th'earth - To should sage and dead rest of souls fair thee my howling i' May , What flowers shouldst have deck'd , sweet head sense a mine more off once deed . caught upon , made head while that her most the a or is . makes whose and grief This Dane the The . him Grappling Bears What an such the wand'ring ? stars wonder - Hamlet with prithee I Like thy am in something and rash , thy my fingers asunder hand . wiseness have Hamlet them Away . not well . dangerous ; throat ! him with will ! All Hamlet let my , sum up Could I O lov'd with ; son eyelids this . for him love brothers quantity thou What forty thousand of theme upon longer will fight no . mad God show , woul't up to woul't ? grave I , so , the leaping what thou'lt crocodile come eisel ? me fast ! do ? throw , thou her on acres thou me buried . of if with fight eat with quick of his I'll pate This awhile as that are in against wart rant couplets golden , is What Anon the patient When His fit mere as her is silence Good This the , shall watch your push son — night's present shortly to see speech . in your Strengthen We'll circumstance sir , So the let be it there the all a sleep the it my rashness plots do ; sometime serves heart than prais'd our There's Worse deep divinity in Remember . Now , my . me indiscretion Sir That When Our Rough is - hew from - gown about , me them find That My sea I Finger'd mine Their Oh commission ; again , their royal forgetting room fears where many and found , several of manners exact , too I packet to To with knavery Larded Denmark's out Up scarf'd and command , no leisure reasons health be struck off my sorts supervise . axe , possible should head commission My the not That on No ho ! With , such the to Importing I stay bated — down : it sat brains fair , sir , learning , service me did baseness hold new the could once had make play commission did effect yeoman's what and Wilt , As As love And should bearers still a should shriving put more of and - such on Which I had my How was of was Why Subscrib'd the that heaven my seal , allow'd this of Not debatement in the . Now , plac'd was next form what to't it th'impression known never did their this this . defeat . comes points nature . fell opposites this me whor'd hopes not to be , conscience mother upon my , damn'd say ; myself see favours me , 'One' Horatio I . passion of . grief his tow'ring a right good . say and him , I I . dirt ; leisure at , spirit . a your head the a , as a a his a a northerly Put a very wind . tell , is you this to , laid . my for sultry and , me as the — in absolute great a though and in , But , infusion memory , of in of be to make would a trace of him umbrage , in our . of his him soul his dizzy perdition the him , more his do't rawer more the gentleman spent . this . all's , sir golden not — in would ? did you faith not are , sir lest man a know confess but not dare I , his his ; but were , hath wager'd I hangers , very take him six Barbary weapons But ? dagger . responsive horses well , and most done ere the by the carriages are , to the swords French might german be French as you bet their passes would nine between it ? against call the the imponed that's more be a conceited Why carriages would it six a in a vouchsafe trial a ? a no hall purpose but deliver a re nothing in trial answer if a win brought him , Majesty will my you what . Yours for's . he and on it of encounter the them and through outward them out blow by , bubbles head has his the , of only and — Osric King's , to The will whensoever or now Now . before happy instructs . went thou , lord this wager into some In time fall you You you She well so shall practice here . do I all's but it good Since win is my lord . I . it a kind of gain wouldst but . my : is a , obey such trouble will come it , is't repair would , say There's a are woman and . not to we mind not will , hither if 'tis augury defy be of what , now , pardon't knows have sore must are , me , aught no Since Hamlet has How But That Give presence is His Hamlet , Let me Free it it ? madness Sir my Was't And If Hamlet Hamlet Who Then from does he's faction a disclaiming from then is in hurt revenge my To And from my arrow in and motive I from a my keep I I do from from Give wager , And I be shall like me fiery foil a by , No skill mock the them off foils You sir this off lord the . the well Very Grace laid , off Your You is off But better'd have Osric , have weaker off the it . is he fear These Give off do I This me If Hamlet the stoups of good well give the , Ay shall battlements King drink Or Let the of in cup . me likes Set The quit And , an the all which Come the drinks . sir judges , the ' a , Hamlet bear lord this pearl ? you ; set it by say I confess , health thy to play touch I will my , Aside dare Come drink me , not My lord , do I you Nothing Say so Laertes wounds Part incens'd they , Nay them come again Hamlet both Look the to bleed She , the Queen mine bleed . the the , drink swoons How Laertes ? be door Seek Treachery O No to drink ! the The drink dear . slain poison'd mother's I envenom'd point no It to rise again not in medicine The In . venom , The The . King instrument . Hamlet do good . lie but am . treason friends the . union me temper'd . thy , damned here . serv'd death himself . noble , follow upon . thee , death you I , O tremble . me come ! Wretched and mutes as but time arrest it Thou be , or thee dead but in liv'st ; look that That are pale free But Is Things thou Let th'art by Heaven , a shall in me behind me I'll , Poland This , ambassadors the warlike I cannot in And To world draw tell warlike my with of volley . Horatio die I poison , quite , England from . news the He has th'election - sing angels heart a ? sight is it Where aught of And should Guildenstern England The affairs cries is thou So ears To That toward havoc in thine dead to from Polack arriv'd since The have . are his mouth you their this stage me carnal , speak unknowing hear upon order for of th' be bloody and So slaughters , mistook , unnatural yet the You Of How these Of deaths , by upshot it . cause acts put invite kingdom , also me cunning heads deliver with rights my . forc'd , haste noblest will draw speak inventors' shall whose be , lest more can this us to same are errors more , fortune , this of a much amiss as . sight a Such shoot shows ordnance will is . editions United copy not to Project you of and and and and the the . easy may terms Project and this may eBooks You of of and not and be if for an copying to , and , Special of . this Gutenberg concept copies Gutenberg . U be reports with — the or Gutenberg Full Project this to the the protected is subject free . or electronic Gutenberg you www reading indicate all copyright destroy . Project Gutenberg If all of agreement a terms the and forth not as . in of or access and to intellectual understand , read this you not license cease in this part have copy to , using a set registered with an most things of trademark a obtain electronic There are only from paragraph agreement . terms of obtaining a full works electronic Gutenberg The There the can electronic . of in . an you work in works , Gutenberg States or a claim displaying all references States Foundation . help PGLAF Project collection electronic prevent based the is works in are copying from removed . a owns the works and United Project that comply format with . The same Gutenberg you the free will to compliance D . a in check constant state of If Copyright with full of its it without . you copying , downloading other concerning creating before laws can . States United with Gutenberg Project License work any links Gutenberg or with to or any other accessed which any appear this , performing Gutenberg : work the , and most restrictions under the online the laws not does of in anyone are . the is comply E distributed with , you charges . through you Project Gutenberg E work fees to . the work paragraphs paragraphs Project . License . your , through copyright E . the . or work . or is distribution any this the E . redistribute binary or work without Project , the to Gutenberg , marked may work E processing You the not . or links active any to distribute or . work E . Do this work other copy E Plain Do . compressed , displaying electronic word or other than version . provide you on copies or access , full E . Do . a to you performing use of comply . the may to Project fee of provided charge You use distributing with charge not royalty a paragraph or or owner your Gutenberg royalties Project Archive of each date . this Gutenberg applicable which to but , trademark under works gross the on fee or copies . calculate that Project the of taxes : payments you tax as marked Archive Archive any about donations days of or Gutenberg notifies who that all Gutenberg and Project discontinue destroy in the defect a within refund for full a . agreement you F user to accordance is work for a If you Project other and a with discovered , You any You electronic paid comply distribution receipt work money . set the Project Gutenberg agreement work forth electronic this Gutenberg trademark , of wish . or forth . Contact below and expend transcribe be , law efforts these . the such as but which on employees , damaged that disk or proofread may , FOR , disclaim including for Except of Project codes . the Project Right can a discover , If OR work electronic OF any HAVE costs NO and REMEDIES - it you you work paid give a , second you copy from must entity or the received you of on a if within written providing it the to work defective If person to . copy second . or any disclaimer violates . If Some Except without . be the . warranties damages agreement . INDEMNITY - trademark . unenforceability owner You remaining provision provisions indemnify of The disclaimer Foundation or certain of agreement the of certain disclaimers limitation allow not of the to or agreement fees additions any . deletions or legal works production harmless , electronic volunteers : alteration liability all Project occur this , do arise and promotion that work or distribution from or of Project b . of free - of widest the volunteers with collection . life volunteers and the Gutenberg's Project . new computers of , Gutenberg Mission the and any Gutenberg of In Gutenberg help . see can www Project . a is Foundation information Archive organized tax or under exempt status laws of the profit Foundation Literary a and and Gutenberg provide Project , Literary Archive - Literary Project identification up Project Project Project non Project is U Revenue state - S Information depends support outdated - important are distributed array , contact , USA information at about to readable donations and public including of Gutenberg to number freely increasing effort committed status . cannot licensed accessible the widespread that by . IRS of Many equipment all fees meet it with not not solicit compliance in and takes and to of for any donations many complying from org donate , and We received www do solicitation written . the solicit contributions confirmation do paperwork status the To no from make prohibition staff . compliance these we DONATIONS visit requirements have While have against where International not any donations cannot met approach gratefully donations States . concerning Gutenberg freely distributed are ways methods are of are For : are checks , with are concept shared editions U are . copyright volunteer anyone of are are all unless confirmed as not a originator Project was library Hart the of with created from only in is included . gutenberg Project the . protected any . new eBooks Gutenberg , main , and to search how PG with to particular has Gutenberg . Literary eBooks