. King ! and ? me Stand Stand Stand struck Stand Stand Stand bed 'Tis . Francisco cold . quiet at sick am you a Not them . to And O farewell , my has Say , What has I have says not Therefore Welcome Touching if again apparition 'twill , this him twice the eyes speak of , your . story again not appear two Tush What we down of of let so our awhile down He sit , Well hear Barnardo westward , it one and — Horatio , it that's King ; speak King me ? sometimes march which that Together that , it fair charge I offended it majesty usurp'st thee answer will I See , away stalks ! not on't eyes . avouch ! pale believe fantasy , the now ! 'Tis Is think this What ! God Before my not strange on by this our work he thought at jump 'Tis when Polacks stalk before , particular . gone eruption tell of of subject and I same down toils the the of and sit some and hath what in the most implements that - is't That can with the ? this me sweaty the from cast Sunday , inform that toward , Whose to Doth Who joint night the as image the side this slay Dar'd For Did so ratified stood with Well Which forfeit this Did And Hamlet unimproved His he As But Hath fell Norway of diet and food Had Of by The hath the doth his father to lost be That Comes I - it armed That And Is source this think may our haste it and motive it , this post Well sort that watch but e'en so tenantless the of the trains high with Disasters In it through of trouble palmy gibber sun influence like to and our Unto harbingers almost sick whose in even the the climatures ! blast , grace , me voice it Stay , illusion comes be to to Speak , to there privy treasure say art me do any ease good be speak That speak speak Extorted speak which I Stop it , speak Stay . they , and speak . violence so gone the , mockery cock summons started air show ! 'Tis it is our The Doth Awake This present made comes season celebrated stir abroad cock , is of the spirit erring and his sea in To his confine the earth truth crowing Th'extravagant The have I witch no hath then night . strike time to planets dare singeth spirit in dew us Let Walks takes The Wherein of they and so gracious all dawning . it conveniently I . speak with in and do , look we Do Break This , to life fitting to and ? know shall I in we Where our far with auspicious one With defeated state our fought one in of now a hath green Cornelius us whole , Fortinbras , all nature with warlike dirge with Your to wife weighing , barr'd herein joy him , have which , For know young our thanks , of we of and and herein this Of You gait his - Out The further full : to Lost by his father Norway of Cornelius , greeting the ; good For To Giving you King articles VOLTEMAND will it nothing things and allow . your duty , dispatch further more no your , we farewell heartily what's now voice lose your us And business In of not is native , reason speak hand The shall wouldst throne to the not wouldst offer The That You head be , Laertes , the : You Your What the told Than not my your leave coronation to , toward again gracious father's ? in now Upon By , He my hard consent , France pardon from at him seal'd give , spend Laertes , kin , than kind less than to go . thy at be time son my little noble through madam common for Not thine look like with father in the vailed friend a eye 'tis cast colour much am my Good And Passing ever nighted all , thy nature Seek Seems , 'Tis No not Nor Nor For That they actions but denote forms suits my inky suspiration windy alone madam father In obligation his , some . father persevere survivor nature suits show , woe to duties in and truly But can that I these know lost obsequious In It An A it any what Take A To fault to understanding most the Why heart know we in vulgar should vulgar of be must vulgar so unprevailing ; ' for the with vulgar no less which And are Than that vulgar I impart Do In back going vulgar to our desire vulgar son : immediate immediate , son our prayers her go immediate lose mother immediate thee thy all my immediate stay with immediate ourself 'tis in Be shall I not Here smiling as a Let pray jocund great King's that this the No the earthly rouse cannon health and my unforc'd . would melt away Come again bruit dew , garden ! unprofitable ! God and ! God fix'd this an of , all uses , fie . the to to , this ! name shoes , body she reason unrighteous Within more married my Why she wants discourse those thy — is old , uncle mine like with , tears speed a sheets incestuous cannot for , O flushing in galled eyes . post . friend you : forget am poor your And make you good from good servant ever name my Horatio , Wittenberg , change you what But glad very I am faith disposition not yourself what you deep your my my you My , from even — lord say ear your I make is to I think to mother's it Horatio was do I Against lord , had met my forth lord came are know in Elsinore funeral father's affair , follow'd The — father coldly , Would I I Where eye ? heaven tables foe , lord see my father day dearest my marriage bak'd ! Did , my upon his for was him a goodly all my , my father him my your Who ? lord , King my my lord was father of to you these . me together Two A middle father , walk'd eyes he pie me distill'd , watch to , good and true kept did speak ; to ? like was we where . the third father it methought did yet , as , loud speak once address and shrunk in sound it morning . away the vanish'd then the And at honour'd true duty in , writ of it troubles my , you and 'tis me . lord BARNARDO the do lord . foot to head , MARCELLUS , indeed O face beaver he my From to toe ? up his . like . amaz'd I While one with BARNARDO , might . grizzled was His life . very much MARCELLUS as silver'd his ; tonight speak me hold watch it you be If to I watch watch I'll whatsoever watch And it assume I warrant watch , hitherto requite the platform loves understanding watch shall eleven , So . and hap . visit to to . as , My I Though all sit . doubt . then . Your father's o'erwhelm my convoy , My And necessaries the still do from his the . are me that of , of suppliance , permanent and more lasting the and a of blood so but perfume The violet In of ; For thews The but but you now , fear his doth and this not does and His may for will Perhaps . no his as is must waxes temple whole depends ; state ; own persons his himself weigh'd will ; nor his to ; for therefore . saying main with lose your Then give he in his the If If of , what voice ; so far to believe of your your her chariest unmask Virtue Out The in morn most of the prodigal to be dew best , galls not , rebels th'effect good my lesson keep brother pastors heaven good safety are and infants the . moon disclos'd , for , There blessing sail leave But too Himself stay And Look here double I The , Those thou , hast thy a not unto and , of with palm quarrel but vulgar . thy my your with , entertainment ; Beware you memory tried adoption . thee unfledg'd , thy , these Nor friends every not they a the select apparel habit censure thine oft ; ear new But in most For Costly beware few rich thy express'd each of And This And above then be and proclaims chief be and husbandry : self edge blessing : humbly Most For France thy it borrowing thine go ; my Farewell have your tend . lock'd time invites , What you memory , servants , Ophelia it . hath you What Given 'Tis please If it in so of that be Have is't , well to audience told you , he the bethought he been most free , Hamlet . like perilous You , Affection You And private do my understand caution — and bounteous on clearly honour the you not , as yourself up you should a circumstance a . baby think ; them tenders , as , tenders are not it , you given almost the fashion importun'd tender of yourself tenders Tender with honourable may lord he hath , springes the When And tongue than promise the , Ay all it holy how blazes , speech to so command something must in Giving Lends But implorators which ; they for Breathing Not may And a Set not for , entreatments of : these : forth . brokers are suits moment the Lord . Ophelia that tether him may few In larger a . vows their investments pious plain . is you any ; with slander so you words shall ; to't I obey ; The it it Indeed ; I not . twelve the ; walk near lord tonight ; my takes and mean , It doth and wake , I Keeps ; wassail And The The And , though custom thus is't ; than breach born though a of his , though here though east with men , though his complexion ; them , though are in not nature particular at it though takes wherein wherein — defect , men reason origin forts much wherein , of that these o'erleavens wherein wherein evil doubt a censure man — wherein infinite the the all , be my wherein comes , Nature's , Being Carrying Or virtues His else as stamp the livery his it us of of Angels thou such thy charitable I'll questionable ! hell Hamlet shape , of The dram , jaws mean , sepulchre , inurn'd complete in again , the Revisit'st thoughts Say why ? shake and thee quietly , thee , in the ignorance but answer royal , me burst not burst their again , we of to corse ponderous cerements saw dead thee To thou What the , action . go courteous do It It As will not will lord should , be my do Why my soul , not , But No . it cliff , fee , it reason . immortal immortal , do it immortal that immortal , lord . immortal sea immortal . brain desperation , of Think of lord my hands you out in cries fate Be as Nemean body not go . lion's artery You , thee imagination . him on , I'll him come ? this to will in . after Have Let's follow state I say , away ! obey , further . him follow Heaven will I will . Nay let's ? thou me When Must flames almost no . tormenting lend I to , Speak thou when am Are the the crimes confin'd thy Doom'd for the day foul thy combined fretful must blazon the . unfold word , list , be end , their from to List love O porpentine stand on young thy part locks start hair stars like soul eyes If ever ! as swift wings of apt Lethe love Denmark . life ear crown wit incestuous uncle , that have , the in of father's lust , there . queen that of off falling was with ! beast his my seduce that With So to , me it made Upon wicked witchcraft Ay his ! what To court virtue natural marriage love of will Though lewdness mine But methinks be prey itself sate And custom Upon secure scent . morning my afternoon the of hour porches always it a celestial bed , within the uncle in orchard did effect of posset milk it . it of enmity distilment leperous such natural with a instant about ; hand crust . vile sleeping Cut was life Most Of off , lazar And and wholesome bark'd did So body once my sin doth vigour sudden eager blood droppings into a queen my blossoms by smooth tetter ! Denmark incest , contrive lodge at in Fare his . that those and glow No reckoning ! royal bed soul to matin her near . the her worm , Adieu Taint O not thy sting pale , to to Against To I host adieu act once . me mother thy mind Ay couple this bear , saws That youth and all away books , table copied fond trivial wipe , my globe there down villain by I , it it , past pressures heaven Denmark and a , so , my shall records live woman pernicious of . smiling may and smile . Now to . are me villain forms all be sworn't , is matter O with the thy And Within O My That Unmix'd . may So At , So ! How is't , lord noble boy ho Within , it . heaven ! my , I Not No , my Good , my knave secret in grave be — Denmark all my the ; right be , the ; all at lord needs Why I be so your hold , as be business desire hands and right from : be . shake business fit , no he's be dwelling arrant , part desire own pray words and they no faith , are wild sorry offend whirling , us . heartily , heartily , lord friends between here . poor one me you to , is vision soldiers . tonight . seen may that , me is my you We will and , HORATIO MARCELLUS Nay lord swear't have . lord what . I , faith In my , my , my cellarage . Swear this thou under sworn my Come , my speak Swear of this my , seen my sword Cries on boy Ha my ha , my have . thou . you sayst so you that . good i' Once pioner old , to And heaven . earth give night is , soe'er never , a as of in and you help , mercy odd dreamt as How are , Than There A , at As Here O this it think meet hereafter welcome , shake be to hereafter . they would' might' hereafter and not help phrase hereafter on so myself if giving or hereafter ; pronouncing I perchance put encumber'd hereafter That 'Well , we of 'We 'There , gentlemen you to , and if to — out : this So . Swear your . do spirit man love his not fingers out was of on lack I love t'express joint . O , us it go Hamlet perturbed all , so rest and commend born I ever The I and go . right together these visit do shall Marry You Of lord said well Enquire how him' this his father you know — very , as this encompassment particular thus Take they do who and know , first what demands you , keep , demands demands well demands rank demands . most of none very say demands slips him demands Reynaldo 'not lord ; on put my well you he's , there are sir To dishonour such youth my fencing , far it dishonour in ; that drinking , you must open That ; they You no That's ; not may , lord I my But Marry laying a You sir The closes or so in of Having As And I believe thing ever you ' According And 'Good , He By converse , you guilty this or phrase country good , lord , prenominate with and ; or breathe to , What then was He I 'friend I in say was about At or in yesterday consequence' 'closes Or the with saw , or There was of bait a we of and out carp house wisdom with indirections you With do former , this lecture find assays of , me advice bias rouse in's such and him windlasses And . you ? and falsehood directions I and . fare have . you yourself my my , ply his lord , Good And let his shall How now lord what With My , in as , I was , lord upon his , look , horrors so his - down , I Hamlet his , piteous for not goes wrist know do Mad , took with falls last He And As he , rais'd did a with his would a his — head bended went over way without shoulder their light he down , love will without on . go ecstasy natures him hard words command late did ; repel with I did mad me and denied . letters to did I have afflict oft the violent the fordoes under I , him he opinions age — judgement beshrew sort King the to and close utter being which , is than hide common ourselves heed . better that seems cast beyond . to meant not had lack be to heard it . love father's that the so . thus , Guildenstern and much Rosencrantz did to , dream being , That More than Resembles Since th'understanding . long you put , him himself of was so neighbour'd your since Whether Good sure That open'd from to , much I us more draw To To As show , am the much so talk'd are such of with good , please awhile us gentry . lies there our . of will and men much within not will you into of , thanks remembrance Both Thanks Guildenstern , Rosencrantz bent your instantly where and to him . our . gentle Guildenstern you . Go you son , too Th'ambassadors Are Ay , good of , And bring make Pleasant Have hold God ? you I , the joyfully been hast or to , good soul : sure so mine brain King father my Hunts it As O , that return'd . news of that I . hear . in grace I us'd cause shall to my and source queen , distemper he that . son's feast ; to the The me tells it no other the but your , all main marriage hath appear'd ; truly him ? our Norway to Polack to brother desires found and sends ; sickness his against better be But To His Whereon nephew's our fair return of he look'd was It th'assay vow rebuke falsely uncle crowns to herein those with thousand three give Makes So With entreaty please your safety this allowance enterprise quiet shown your in and against annual fine , business for think upon likes give against , before for . of commission his And That as it dominions down set and , well at business and majesty My This , what duty . home - read and you , is and day , time , to your we'll . welcome madam the brief tediousness Therefore to should waste be , night is expostulate is wit night night time , mad flourishes , soul time is limbs Your to be I , will call matter swear 'tis it pity But More 'tis it . at foolish cause for farewell let we this soul's , is mine Perpend thus of . will true rather it Thus That is Mad And I To That's Good doth are stars be awhile at that from vile phrase : reckon , believe him ; me show'd hath out fell All in And by more they hath to love and ? solicitings honourable given . what receiv'd might the , his my daughter obedience , by ear and But seen think you What a told daughter my Or Or my dear Or When I my heart this with , it or here what tell you might love hot man you is 'Lord might play'd me , and dumb , gave . work his resort star to book , think sight , her bespeak , mute , desk a thus went , winking love , I of did out ? prince And then , I thy my of no precepts tokens receive herself mistress young must , Thence to she took lock be . ' not a a , very fain , prov'd I'd know . we all And to a Thence Do may ''Tis ? this be . When wail I find hid . were together . though may At loose daughter does I'll I . If indeed the hours then not the sometimes he it . to you and the the And from his the try the beseech O . you wretch leave away do I keep me the But good will it . state thereon for , fishmonger . Hamlet . Lord , Excellent I my goes Honest would be honest to sir Then if the sun That's Have honest a ten you lord being , was I youth again I . gone me How have daughter truly speak him — words a suffered Aside ; by And is that you extremity my daughter gone , he . He is you my ; very thick purging eyes though powerfully crab , you and wit most if it I have be , hams For sir , have . grey down set in't lord his ? between delivered o' prosperously could that not suddenly walk are My sanity You honourable except , withal you well anything of madness often the means I , You lord , will , tedious contrive the life except that my I will leave you ! is . lord Polonius seek to the Hamlet fools honoured lord sir he go good the not not indifferent we we the Nor . friends you waist her Then secret about that but that ? she soles of the Then is live parts What particular , None doomsday . Fortune Then which one o' are world lord to good that Prison Denmark being is me one ; many think none to th' confines one there a it mind for dreams a prison a worst in merely ambitious ; for , shadow of have the or good bad not is itself light shadow a but ambition hold I of indeed , dream is , be A so shadow's shadow . a . that heroes . GUILDENSTERN you We'll reason shadows beggars Shall . are Truly , to we our , and upon of visit way , no , with ROSENCRANTZ of dreadfully attended servants ; But And not . court bodies will sort and th' like lord thanks dear in what , I rest . the man honest too ? are come a Come , halfpenny a ; my You looks purpose we Is poor I you even thanks am , am I that ? Is of , kind anything enough What me , were Queen modesties which , it free ? have rights of could sent of have lord sent ? obligation , me youth good the your teach by , love dear you , by sent . you me end , conjure our for direct what a you were I forgone , all Queen shall lord Guildenstern you . sent my , it not you to , off What no . whether me have of , foul with than me look me lost moult my how ; reason pestilent golden action of , why it admirable in like how , and of thing excellent goodly exercises but your and late will ; I , seems and majestical roof , goes to no feather my brave o'erhanging , this is ? me' say , woman thoughts delights neither . no the in nor to , me you smiling by ? of animals dust , of me the shall adventurous and those What players , king plays clown sigh were you those that the Why lord , if you welcome use shall and target part verse ; peace his end his you Majesty ; shall o' in in both , tragedians the such shall the shall Even the wont they I reputation in shall for't Do it chances hold think to take keeps eyases wonted Do , did followed ? I when not Are wearing . are — are out same No How most that so comes that ? for't they ? grow than that 'em to better exclaim that them no little that clapped in endeavour their of children that are aerie are should means that their has there no argument tarre been them unless a while nation say ? they themselves can common succession money to . brains his and . and of twenty load too , little . could , 'Sblood forty those , if . are to ducats apiece my uncle is Denmark give picture natural father come comply I than my , In - aunt ? to fashion welcome of , But . what like players , I . wind . is mother ear out too with hawk you Happily mad - you at for tell you second there come to them morning you an was Rome in Mark it . old . indeed — clouts . to news a I tell are Upon The have to 'twas When , on — comedy history . historical pastoral - ass Roscius , too actor came Then comical Buzz tragical pastoral unlimited What O Jephthah and — my thou only individable are a lord pastoral judge , treasure of which he . my me you daughter Still th' , loved right well lord follows then follows , then lot to came , chanson of As , not . For you show , and Nay , wot know , you am will abridgement all in is than my I like voice heaven ? Pray nearer cracked a God you since your What ring to , is when , was comes , lady By'r ! last and thee you piece , the gold . a passionate lord was never falconers speech Come French the fly Masters , face . within remember as the in , the cried but once speech a play speech have What it — were matter called one affectation , and of matter not heard , the well , thereabout live , wholesome in of in One and If , let that indite it it : see make as if million and excellent others an it pleased not the to lines — in speech as the , mine the as might honest method the . to handsome but of so rugged Now , begins see sable with it , me sons , dismal dismal fire dismal and dismal Pyrrhus dismal at it Unequal . where His . antique strikes dismal accent . of , you Old , my proceed falls , his flaming hideous his head with , Then rage wide , crash top ; him , arm drives . lo a stick . neutral as , And Of But silence the see , we Did winds was wind , as ; and so the to i' blow the and nothing a the never vengeance in Which his base , prisoner as declining ear Pyrrhus' reverend a Pyrrhus' work , pause thunder below , storm rack orb the the Cyclops' - fall , dreadful often heavens speechless the anon , eterne proof death after him sets forg'd With general the On the your beard bawdry come queen' a barber's It shall He's queen' upon ! bisson rheum and th'alarm of fear o'erteemed for good . flames , lank the late A About With Who When this 'Gainst gods saw would she The But In have Would has And , well are while you they see have thee where . death , After My man lord ; your you used were you will report players well , you well will the out the ? this soon of you chronicles desert desert dignity . honour according live use a and and Take tomorrow his is . The is to is play a need study speech in't is not would could which dozen We'll is hear old lines . is for a . you hear play insert could lord Can ? Ay ? set down You , look , him mock you to my you good welcome lord . that in , and And whole visage of here alone am . Now I slave peasant ye nothing he With A Could broken in his fiction Is in a , so to his in's to What ? and should mad general He for him to motive her , Hecuba distraction all he conceit his his ? or would the have Confound weep , and eyes and guilty ignorant muddy Am most No made , blows the beard off my nose , me it pate throat cannot th' ? I I as And , the ears rascal a , cause a I property , lungs my for not , and gives i' coward my lack this and it take - fatted offal have villain ! 'Swounds , vengeance kindless kites ! a and father is , should . dear I am an what That Must guilty very to struck murder With by That fall revenge of ass ! This , with drab ! father he spirit . cunning so About scullion whore a like cursing proclaim'd creatures like ! tongue these will that it organ pleasing weakness potent is of a T'assume Abuses Play though the of I'll the scene I'll , such I'll play's have I'll . his I'll like the . him mine something miraculous I'll the murder devil yea . the and me I'll this he why from And than relative More I'll he very shape , the thing melancholy with spirits the with crafty madness him a would Of receive find what do we But we he forward some confession distracted , speak . We o'er - out to . on the seem think they . so it I as Madam , night This of there raught much question in and the true . content me your entreat to most And in Of already , joy court have order ; him . hear That , For we have We purpose on give all And gather , their myself , that by accident , Ophelia , unseen judge obey . no behav'd he his I , Ophelia beauties you the cause love is frankly , th'affliction be And Will We Her To both to , Madam bring your Of Hamlet's wish way wish please you book , o'er , may , himself do exercise speech , that O action an We That pious prov'd — show 'Tis Aside Is The smart . to an cheek more not Than an an painted most my beautied is my O . an ugly lash hear I an nobler Whether To or The Or and , heir to be , take in a , die thousand sleep shocks to a consummation a come say troubles a , a a 'tis : ay natural , coil a may there's the , and law's , time delay contumely , bear life from a might of the of , have ? of , after the make the with sicklied Is And of know those that thus With , ills , dread And undiscover'd sweat ? bodkin bare a the Be lord now thy , this for your Ophelia name this And sins in , well . their all honour lord humbly fair ! you thank does I honour'd lord compos'd well . you so right know their breath sweet I gave the with I you pray more rich prove lord ! fair My Are you lordship commerce . your your honest discourse no admit with than have power a into his it This for lord , lord What and to fair honesty means honest beauty it , likeness . to is if you love once now honesty transform can of me did we shall not to did a . I was more deceived I cannot . not . did thoughts put , did my but Why honest , I accuse sinners such , and did , I believe things did ways your believe fellows more not yet , to borne could be nunnery it What all such in to revengeful better ambitious had at my beck than nowhere Go give . us between earth to but play thy Be the of none as them do my , house him in's thou to ; for chaste fool a , pure as , Farewell may At I'll him ice If dost help O nunnery of make a as wise , know : O men ; Those . sword tongue state here are make , too heard shall courtier's , to no Th'expectancy glass Th'observ'd of , most noble face Go and , you That unmatch'd ecstasy seen , blown youth , I what wretched , tend form me quite , see . way little that soul England believe on't tribute speed hatch quick the From It Whereon and love hold grief And To plac'd , all alone you , ear or from be their England Your his You his show The . commencement it . queen it Of pray as you to it the do , of do air torrent acquire you , use lines as I I mouth I smoothness Nor . say many pronounced players saw in passion too the passion very I unwatch'd go . if you spoke to , soul very part would , are Herod a periwig fellow avoid whipped for it your it tear of ears . split it may may that , hand to I the purpose of is and was , now show virtue own , word tame action not the to the o'erstep word Be observance the , O pressure scorn playing as , of action honour , cannot , of bellowed nor but and the nature very the up mirror allowance have that the it . had , that highly there the the and . image the end , both , Now 'twere form it censure — one which , accent make , men those there of most the of your with the and journeymen That's that it we have they nor , that , profanely pagan well . themselves humanity indifferently play us sir quantity clowns speak then ambition will that them to shows now King Will meantime though , too uses it How , presently of ? work piece e'en ! just conversation at ho ? them . as art What your lord sweet e'er As Since my thrift No Hath , thee soul the crook let the ? revenue my O , do dear think may Why tongue . mistress distinguish Fortune's suffering herself and blood Whose one that of may And seal'd man A with in ta'en they As Hast could Where To , equal , should ? that wear heart mingled been him finger Give for . thanks she a pipe me of the my before act thy guilt seen , one in unkennel that we foul him are have heedful Give ; foot ; my If And he steal to coming 'scape Well Get you , play . be . lord his our join is I whilst In detecting the flourish A Danish a Hamlet chameleon's i' our cousin Enter march play the must I pay playing the will idle not . say i' mine the so words these ? To answer air cannot , lord My , eat play'd was ? kill him part ? calf accounted good th' Capitol . a enact lord What and was actor Be there a i' metal more lap . attractive Hamlet here's , King O I . lord ho me ? lap Ay meant , I , my mean I I thought think lord a That's are You , Nay how long Nay ! let man's he there's by'r with the build memory - horse whose for But O Then two I'll half he a He . upon in , life forgot him it pours kisses , his , The Queen , must hobby great , She his and - heavens O . lady , a ; protestation Queen 'For or ; very . poison ? love awhile , it ; woos takes . The Poisoner gifts end . What miching seems the . loth or is , and makes in Poisoner comes , Mutes four The to they fellow : show imports this us players the Will you any or , know Belike this show argument . all this We by you'll , a We beg stooping , mark the our and naught you what I'll . ashamed . tragedy ring of cart and Phoebus' Tellus' thirty prologue , As woman's hath salt wash . ground , thirties , your or this Is And world dozen hearts So About Full times That Where So , But , or women's my aught neither fear love as And , Faith leave world in powers , little great and , fair haply thou , belov'd For shalt Honour'd And operant grow you Now Where For My I Such None base second second time you believe I what Purpose like unshaken necessary when birth is we Of , fall violent to , 'tis ourselves fruit Most passion The ourselves to what ourselves we doth either in not is , should left with or , else to 'tis with lament with with ; with strange , accident with flies ; with own our . run of thy to thoughts his , That who The hitherto needs want in And But orderly to and devices our food wills thoughts So die food Nor a If food , ever lasting it now be I here Sweet she me food would should fain . I food awhile food food mischance Sleep thy like come never , us you , beguile argument too protests lady , O heard you Madam much . in't ? methinks , the Is do call the Duke's name are wife o' us touches , souls free wince one jade that 'tis . knavish is a how Marry Vienna , What but done I a cost could This is are You good chorus keen you to , better you are You keen and would It Still . Come begin you , mixture the of , hands Confederate ban natural On mistake husbands faces , Hecate's , drugs no midnight blasted and Gonzago anon story how very life usurp and the What The written i' , him th'garden me All ? lights some my fares o'er Give the play , strucken deer go sleep rest sir if strucken , some ungalled , while strucken must strucken the razed strucken of on my strucken , dear ? one , the Very ? my lord for word take Horatio , I'll good Ah then if belike it the comedy . not , the . him note well very , king the Come music some , me a with word sir King , him , choler to perhaps this the him sir drink ? me affliction of the a not it breed , my mother answer , say such — into But mother a . rather sir you , and amazement , as mother diseased or . But My , struck hath behaviour that , heels this in you with She at to desires obey , Good upon so you once deny I lack in have voice — Denmark lack the is the grass grows lack griefs lack advancement with would withdraw lack succession ? lack the To . if drive you cannot . lord , with your most . discourse not the ! would pluck would me . though little instrument lowest make note do what from skill , to command you would to seem , these me my , mystery you yet ; and fret me is much pipe you cannot played , be on you a Queen , Methinks it and 'tis Or , with in . They by and is 'Tis now churchyards Contagion I My heart Let speak my cruel this unnatural hypocrites shent . ever : bosom not . hourly may upon live much armour 'noyance the single strength from spirit whose more the depend ; The cease and wheel safe it fear many of but is weal lives huge the whose Fix'd What's and summit with ; many mind , which petty , small sigh annexment ten it . It a massy . speedy thousand lesser with but fetters we Which For I , put My , going arras hear put you audience that process . them than a warrant put his convey said mother you vantage more she'll ROSENCRANTZ now put makes and . put put , dear rank curse ! my know sharp as I it upon't will , the brother's hath offence , as be eldest smells to shall this cursed bound , the force to ! prayer up , me my what fall form foul possess'd — blood , heavens hand serves Whereto of , O Then look am ambition since I the and still murder murder I did of wicked 'tis there the is oft 'tis hand currents cannot not ! death it What faults compell'd assay babe the and ; sinews All villain am I now And Now so And his son . I crimes audit this our all He kills . it goes . praying , revenge act in't salvation or ; no that th'incestuous know purging season'd asleep drunk , fit in the his his bed him That gaming may about his in more horrid passage No hent heels of kick . black mother , days . and damn'd , for as thy rises up thoughts never and prolongs King Words to bear home heaven remain . go you to e'en to , between . him silence straight and Grace . hath been Look broad Fear be Pray Much And you . me , mother you , warrant hear I Mother forgot . You so my are not me ? sit not till set then would Queen were husband's brother's you , to those you down inmost wilt , me you a up help am ? How Dead Behind O . what O what a rash and as this mother , is done thou ? Is hast not O Nay . bloody As A Leave . As ? thy danger you shall sense it stuff I , down lady your custom is have That What done noise the it wring your too better rash be of Thou I me Calls false sets That In and braz'd of rose deed such the grace blurs As forehead body O a love , takes and modesty blush an vows , and doom . the thunders this and ? index brothers this seated act , and Is tristful Yea With and and of New and This Here An See what lighted a the set Have . a to you leave to feed have you follows . husband moor the in assurance did and threaten To A station like god - kissing this this to this is love the upon from waits day ne'er quantity some ecstacy wholesome on you is fair brother at humble sense eyes tame : have sense you not reserv'd you feeling such , call Sense and ? motion judgement this was of What hoodman eyes sickly . Rebellious not Ears thou mope Or Is That Could it Nor Since canst mutine hell youth flaming the Thou there turn'st O rank Over corruption me enter ears ; of of , tithe tinct an honeying no sweet sty and of . mine of of of , wings me o'er the ! guards and heavenly the Save me hover he's mad your with the to chide , by the ! patches the would the in acting O of your say to dread tardy time forget , not almost mother works . strongest . purpose you your , wildly spirits eye in hold , fighting visitation . blunted vacancy soldiers heat stand , eyes bedded Your On , on , form cause him His Look conjoin'd cool the hairs like your at Forth Upon you patience an ! and the and Do . how you distemper he to — this Start Sprinkle up colour . piteous Then ; do true with capable and make My stern action there you not speak nothing yet did all see is ? for what this ourselves there Nothing you you whom at out now how very coinage look steals Nor at No Why , you even And That This pulse as re - word for , not the makes I I gambol but . corruption matter And My Lay It Yea what's make For itself them do not in hast the go for cleft and O Good Hamlet virtue , is Assume That likewise is that next shall either And a the use when potency For a a , night good of a on lend abstinence a actions . kind a more hath you are you punish do To a With I'll I be One me . pleas'd so , kind . you remains good more bad by , the wanton let Or Pinch Let this But , your , call again I means Make in for neck not you , would Who dear Such No from from Be from mad who Would craft a hide of basket me from ? that know life of breath breathe , from creep from the the ape , on life of I you said hast : must it enginer go most directly me meet . Indeed most below 't the 'tis foolish a night good I'll When at delve own sport knavery , they to , one his , Who now these 'tis sighs . son is translate You There's ; fit night Good Behind his is the this hearing . How 'A apprehension old cries unseen arras , does brainish heavy full this to us of , shall , His yourself much so But restrain'd , out our , answer'd was most foul keep To This mad would But Should We It so you Alas have kept will It young divulging short , to us what let hath like some is Where divulging ore , is divulging kill'd vile divulging ! divulging deed touch divulging aid the body , wisest pray up our so we you mother's , hath . with countenance and must madness out I speak . And hit his And Transports soul ! world's O and come our blank diameter cannon o'er untimely as full air . Hamlet and , of discord woundless is Safely ROSENCRANTZ noise What Within done , it Who What Tell you And not us where can of what to counsel have dust 'tis it . it , with , to 'tis Do believe take to the own and replication you up to a be it to I to a soaks , understand and I it . A of gleaned . ear to with dry again . the . a service in the mouthed the lord A but is body , it is . after all the fox a Bring is , him seek I must lov'd is not like Who And By This offence desperate Or But dangerous How Yet He's in . Deliberate now dead so sudden How the , Now Ho Where At At supper A but where worms at ! Bring where's Hamlet Polonius of , That's but variable ? worm , man may but Nothing you how dost with show hath What worm of king the not into the , up . him not him him there deed this . Send thither Where Polonius messenger seek . lobby nose yourself you stay safety , quickness fiery which , Hamlet for Attendants is Which we that For Ay For The them , a mother it see cherub My Follow Delay That else , my love on ; is . Father . seal'd and with him . for not and Tempt I'll it him at everything As Our Away For And hectic And present death , thereof raw and red thy mayst imports effect rages know were . march Fortinbras king , aught our Majesty . conveyance by greet promis'd us , so know I will softly lord Go . with in him his of know a the rendezvous Danish . my eye do't If that express We shall , on whose are They nephew to old Goes it , How purpos'd some commands them sir , not the . addition ? the against Truly A Will This rate Yes ranker then Polack Norway be fee little ? sir shows wealth thank and this and , go Go inform against a no whether large discourse not , be know part us , not then straw great without , is the mortal , eggshell to not Is . at greatly a my while to my mother a . that Makes all . To to stir find quarrel . blood , I men fight thousand enough from . for fame shame of the and cannot , tomb like fantasy of twenty reason cannot O , cannot be nothing cannot for not is slain their cannot to cannot She Her i' speaks much cannot What world but th' at Yet carry the hearers words , nods to one sure fit and to there much she may own their and collection the enviously She There's Which , as she Dangerous would nothing ill . amiss be of , itself of to is is . fearing beauteous in the full toy spills true and . sandal hat shoon one ? imports your Nay sweet ? you Say , and and his He is He At dead dead grass gone you song what , lady , is lady Alas , Which true you ! know but what we we God - Larded you flowers did to sweet the with may . How bewept do grave , showers love upon no All what , is you I Tomorrow let's , her father you up Valentine's day clothes out that maid a in he Young Indeed Alack without would she you they ! on't me blame ; Saint and do't promis'd I thou How I thank for him been yonder . come . give , your th' patient lay good close ; they well . long would , think she , not hath be ladies pray . they sweet you all will be to . i' cold All ladies Follow her just and your battalions death not her he ; the poison , son his Of Next from father's we are her judgement Ophelia all father's , his , speeches to keeps , Her Feeds necessity . and O my in his in himself of not wonder in much pictures buzzers matter ear . fair mere as and herself from is containing his brother person arraign , What Switzers dear , Where ? my door this them Let my piece ear ear In Like to a Gives noise is the ? what , Alack are guard Eats were The ratifiers were They cry The How hands 'Choose and , on the were every known word king ' cry trail you broke were , were cheerfully The ? counter tongues false were are stand . king pray Where come without all . door leave me door bastard brands true between Of door cuckold Keep you door . Give , calm Laertes that's to here of That door What rebellion such Acts door Cries is Gertrude There's Let Dead Speak will treason That of go thy That him art thus but . Let to what it . not ? to the ! devil with , negligence you ? be ! so . world , husband far My They And Of your father's desire sweepstake That If means the with well certainty your and loser draw is't , Laertes to ope - life now his good a Why know I'll his . his his his his to , death gentleman speak to to 'pear grief your day to most level does shall Within . Let What to ! my brains seven eye weight of by paid be and to Tears of mine sister Ophelia rose ! sister times . the , scale sister sister , old and it the an 'tis life maid's sister sister bore non grave , wits It sister not , tear bier revenge dove hey the , on . didst persuade nonny , many call the and a . that's , pray ; and . fitted ; master's , thoughts for rue you O you for thoughts . all and columbines , they with may wither'd good end a madness remembrance there document you a There's . died when There's grace . Sundays father Robin and prettiness . to , affliction turns to We A in call , it passion some joy hell They itself my is again ? wi' b' gone moan soul . his ye , dead - come white his God . hand will that 'twixt this right judge by will ; lend life hear deny Laertes And Our we or , satisfaction labour to if all jointly to give in touch'd friends ours us . to heaven in ostentation earth burial , soul your be formal you th'offence is call't . go So I of death this obscure nor , his — with sword heard pray ? me with with where I 'twere from . for fall you should you Let There's you letter thee sir not them they They say , not I when . th'ambassador fellows They for from if bless him him bound of became of very letters shalt , I mercy thieves chase me our and . sir ourselves sea I am have that thou slow boarded sail , we , your name . sir , if is be were got dealt to have too thee tell knew . letters for . direct you your . dumb are ; did I death am they , have sent England thee Come I the I that thou make as thou These thine for these way , them seal for and in my heart your conscience the And , must must he That which , me me letters , ear , nature feats knowing your have heard father . Now yet may almost to to O safety so wisdom strong and it sphere his in and unsinew'd his — other not , myself all things else seem either might The go affection , my gender loud for reverted have spring that that to their so timber'd Would not the to my faults by his looks ; life not her so aim'd , terms , them desperate go all again will sleeps your Break of But driven to ; graces had noble a into lost the more danger think , must and flat shall be stuff my of with , from ? now That her revenge come . saw ? to ; Hamlet your to This And my ; not them say this Who He receiv'd shall Leave I asking . kingdom What first Tomorrow 'High Claudio lord given . sudden your pardon ? the rest such no the ' of naked . recount all more . come ' shall live diest . to teeth Laertes ? Will 'Thus It lost And If not be you it be in . me my him thou so it at No As should and How so will So To an the If he and in it be now , a that work he , peace to by ; shall my will means . peace own thine Under To checking And which he I together pluck Did And You that Wherein did that my my from of parts becomes Your for . right since hearing in been talk'd Hamlet's you one Yet settled light very Than The Importing Of unworthiest , needful As and A What sables Two his no the that youth , lord , And That Come shapes far he and did . So So So brooch indeed So . So . the So He nation He He , He his He He envy report nor sight eye indeed scrimers guard with envenom nothing o'er sudden so do motion . could Hamlet neither match swore one had If Your out , was the of painting ? father , time , love of proof , it pleurisy are , is . are That As We should then Hamlet hurts tongues , his cut To in should Revenge show back easing this much . That accidents as are hands to like would son But close know you Frenchman And on have you Hamlet do this Will We'll put peruse little in all in praise shall return'd shall varnish you those , and , for shuffling do't a will I a unction of a cataplasm no your . him free on The Will generous all can scratch'd Collected draws , thing that Requite bought with not further this This Where it I And is contagion from that So May the that . simples that this project . hold see , him , Therefore through look drift us have blast chance he calls for purpose ; your , let me , to have hot and dry . grows aslant a the in Of crow maids liberal , do did a . Laertes , heel ? willow a his There flowers down her Her , an give of own bore clothes trophies shepherds with dead the Clamb'ring give As on hang like time mermaid in Or give Till that her Pull'd give give Unto give like - a one chaunted awhile weedy old their . heavy But creature her they distress it that poor To she , her poor tears folly Let is our shame The this that Let's had to , fire of speech a have I Is to in own salvation follow it calm ; rage will give ; on be cannot be an act 'tis Why it do if that sat be I can se be I . myself wittingly argues it , offendendo drown me man , lies water that this Nay But Argal drown goodman else found so . stands , him his death him he good he she hath three an and : act to , and perform ; man of law she nill — not quest have is that out the And buried Christian burial law , is't ? If had this , is But Will gardeners Christian in Why was he Come heathen , How Could . If makers . or more to , ditchers He even that this world that What , says thyself — Go that than the or stronger digg'd that a ? thou ? carpenter either . that art Scripture question thee . that stronger good those . gallows dost , thou Now gallows , outlives , than than Ay ? is well do well like wit that the To't well - maker is It gallows , a to built to mason Marry stronger and that a , To't Cudgel . The maker' thy brains are contract To are , very Methought I it was , methought fellow are are did time for feeling O grave hath are a the are my , did love love sings me age in me into his , clutch , never his once . this might ass the ? now not it that which How . lord God , my ! 'Good courtier , of lord good o'er ! th' had skull be the of sing been such . it beg - lord he Ay : offices This murder one pate 'twere it , might , ground to a - might be would that - a these pickaxe and For ? loggets O , For see't . spade . Lady mazard so to e'en Here's the , an play to on't . be tricks ? his Will the of fines him knock him his buyer of about of vouchers ? The double the inheritor himself his the vouchers his with the and his ? sconce than ones skins , indentures ; his conveyances of box calf and ? box too . sheep box , box be for clay box seek Whose sir They are and box more jot a lord and sheep Ay my I For , speak such , in't the a lie ; quick , quick be it O lie to man ? dead rest buried . sir , dig it . then neither her three toe . equivocation , the that ; sir that One How undo the By the is the of the all you he mad because 'Twill he there ? him Faith , How , strangely wits and boy thirty man . losing in Upon man before the he lie years have will a laying more he tanner , last ? another in he trade skull ? it ? King's Rhenish of the , poor him This once on pestilence me I ? you to kiss'd your imagination on fellow Takes of gorge thousand jest , your be , your , one now , My the . of it Where merriment oft must mock Make tell her thing one me that lady's Horatio chamber come my Alexander tell , this o' looked she What's Dost thou uses 'Twere , buried make and ; loam , and likelihood why of into loam ; it lead returneth to Might to , to consider to But faith to to aside stop patch but soft wall earth aside dead to the flaw comes Here ! aside aside , follow did ? t'expel Who aside awhile a aside aside , ceremony been as o'ersways obsequies that And warranties have should in great For on , charitable should her and and , the Her maiden Must here and is strewments Of Shards the and requiem parted . her flesh be . unpolluted th'earth churlish Ophelia wife of souls priest ? my thy . deck'd been have have Sweets . to the thou flowers May violets spring minist'ring When , sister . howling mine a head while made head have more a flat strew'd off Hold pile old whose stand , in quick is them sorrow thy phrase blue Pelion the skyish . you Grappling wonder What is he hearers the pray'st . Hamlet ? stars ? This . emphasis an devil . me Pluck thy in not . dangerous and from ! throat ; thy rash well not thy am I have fear fingers For Why I , All Good son ; What up eyelids will longer ? theme . of her brothers thousand quantity their thou God wilt , Laertes what fast forbear ! him God me show , do't me with them ground , and in grave God ? tear God throw mouth God dove female madness . God will thou an : burning him disclos'd as , zone , will a fit as couplets you Hear ever reason that When The I What , her golden silence patient sit drooping . upon , our and But Hercules Strengthen your in the But , sir ; But it But that dog wait But what do may But have monument But see be — to put Gertrude hour shortly ; the , heart You for , do there was the me see Remember lord our other ! my be prais'd And Sir much in us our that divinity - Rough is pall how most shapes serves it rashness do sometime for in the bilboes . Rashly , us , know teach . that my the in me ; exact knavery royal grand To Their My Grop'd I gown scarf'd had desire dark , and of England's bated it proceed leisure . and , and , axe and down and , you with , brains wrote and , our my villanies . commission the and Here's But I A to that fair , conjuration earnest learning , King , the I my flourish wear , contents . this seal'd time shriving and , of of their palm tributary garland these sudden death , sequent this was other day seal Danish that of writ : never , Thou fight known - our th'impression . already go to't to comes nature grow defeat baser incensed . their , conscience — mother damn'd . see I his good than business ? to interim is mine not to be 'One' ; I'll of image sure But a It What is be did favours . Dost back put ; Horatio to , forgot very to the bravery is , my ? welcome thank you right , Into lordship this waterfly for 'tis , No land your in ; 'tis from to lordship were at leisure , of lord of possession ; gracious stand I lord is the king's Sweet , diligence of for very believe No 'tis your ; his 'tis use with lordship spirit head . is . my . cannot laid tell . his . in you , absolute of is most , here Indeed , Sir gentry , see know full — he that you has to matter for . of . verity to , would infusion . the of more in the ? wrap speaks would to a he very is perdition dizzy would to , lordship who ? Why him his , nothing , article sail th'arithmetic in of memory yet rawer more his , will sir , gentleman most ? Sir spent are not would ; excellence him on in compare should ; his a that dare not sir to are I , King has of hangers take his and weapons Rapier wager'd I , fancy so French rapiers . well Barbary Three most carriages poniards the hilts . you call What dear to edified and you in their as are imponed , hath as girdle carriages the ? conceit the done . it , by , to . carry on and , cannon . the the are german would against that in swords French to , hangers be be The I knew phrase The our sides carriages be sir , would I mean lord , opposition answer will hall . He you the . And him for will be the If me hold will not , and Shall gain here my . nothing I e'en flourish your shame , How no ? in win brought , can is . it , trial person it my purpose re to it yours To commend after , sir does tune collection the which , that and ; opinions winnowed the comply well lapwing with lord to him attend them . by . be or blow suck'd he before dotes ; most , pleasure . take He the through down his Osric who . King Queen The Queen as now . time entertainment coming I , Laertes wouldst I been not have . would into here shall obey gain forestall their of . a lord - repair the in how ill think no thou but woman . kind such it it you and defy me from done wrong . I a punish'd , aught has me it If no Since if . now , pardon pardon't and you . this you hand , If't , must are have , was away it denies Laertes be Laertes knows What I ? the is in , poor this my brother thoughts my madness His Free I Whose shot far so That Sir my I motive , and my honour time that reconcilement terms will . revenge I do it wager — of of in case I in aloof satisfied in But am stand by have name the ; wrong offer'd my Till keep elder and . it like love , honour night darkest in me foils , foil shall skill I'll , star i' . mock off . indeed Give us Come this will You know young the , the laid You your Laertes sir me like them Give , o' the is This is fear has heavy . the me Hamlet good lord ? the of the answer their , table third drink shall King all Or quit wine first of worn that cup to give The And Hamlet's in stoups second upon . an the the , earth to , without the trumpet cannoneer better union the me successive shall battlements the have heavens judges Richer In The 'Now the The Denmark's King Hamlet ' Come eye begin . palpable . very Hamlet thy this Give him the ; confess of thy my fortune He's a hit , win I do shall and , Hamlet carouses to Queen , The take , Here fat rub pardon you drink not it . do I pray too and . face thy now . conscience . pass you pray wanton make a of do violence but You 'gainst think't do I'll 'tis third And , so scuffling . change , Laertes wounds , Have Hamlet in at you . they . lord my , is , it ! dear poison'd lock'd : the to does O am I see ? Queen How the them bleed ! Seek Hamlet can instrument is not half envenom'd me mother's Lo . Never can Hath is No medicine itself . The , Treason treason me defend , murderous am ! friends Drink incestuous . thy mother He is noble by Is OSRIC and . LORDS . Dane . a poison . my serv'd not come death thine father's my , make am That thee of this , Wretched it Nor Mine Exchange and I , adieu . you death , dead tell to my . unsatisfied it than liquor me report To Thou O Absent To What the with noise volley ambassadors warlike noise noise , noise is this . crows news spirit noise England , noise my from lights voice less , Horatio th'election noise rest sing drum thee . of the Where does Why thy . rest , search struck eternal death ? sight ? cease see this What it wonder on The So affairs our thou so aught If What This The ears And tell Had You from He so wars Polack these , and that . bodies England world , unknowing , hear , yet placed be speak came this the And , with the us by Truly Let call noblest to haste heads upshot purposes mistook can forc'd unnatural , accidental deaths Of How these Even from But while same doth cause vantage memory I Which me rights the my audience fortune kingdom . me speak on draw in embrace this put shows much amiss . which Such for the the . wild are lest he captains , passage war of stage , on , will works old a as soldiers the bid Go , but off , bodies be the owns ! set apply to and distribute paying General a the and copyright the S . after can renamed — by these of Terms it without a print from works editions so the that replace editions , forth copying and permission , electronic license works to copy States copyright in trademark license as may is anything following Use GUTENBERG except charge royalties by , such . trademark law the modified works derivative eBooks . license , be ANYTHING Gutenberg . may may copyright using promoting the or with United way all the United Project very United this free terms or United . Project and electronic Use gutenberg available by commercial . not United the distributing the online , Gutenberg United of the Redistributing file agree return abide property Gutenberg phrase , Section . work electronic trademark the Gutenberg terms this you the agreement all . possession by of electronic work , a Gutenberg you A you reading a for cease intellectual Project using you do this you agreement accept all By . you and , terms copies . you you copyright of you you paid must do forth in from be you to person access It of a electronic . Gutenberg agreement do of copyright Archive . below to access Project this most full of are a an of you terms of works unprotected Nearly Literary free if with electronic work by of things future Gutenberg owns Gutenberg Project C C . electronic . of paragraph public in the with There works The PGLAF See compilation works below . agreement or Foundation States United displaying that Gutenberg attached its terms format the with same all references access you claim free in with support individual an States works comply to or creating D a constant can The laws with do place . If derivative before downloading copyright in check agreement state you copyright you with name agreement by you charge full without share change country are the makes work any performing this Foundation States with Project references of based copying work the sentence full appears is Gutenberg , License links any The in , work to addition , a removed other following , United to work work most States and the almost with or accessed Project . must Gutenberg or other United the distributed with which appear , restrictions or no under this . posted United not in the . www Project copy of parts You other eBook This are . texts . License it at the associated with either copyright contain the of located not country an are or and Gutenberg copyright or appearing to any redistributing the from States or holder work the on of paragraphs paragraphs If permission the providing United , the Project copyright use for E . use the additional with terms the copyright holder License work this the or , beginning permission to or detach unlink display any displaying access immediate to or . holder the containing with or remove distribute , proprietary of in , a , provide official the , work , Project official or a to Gutenberg or . the forth associated perform this License and in electronic redistribute this without with binary any in used distribute at means request , must , of to paragraph in access specified , Gutenberg or the include its website including no . Gutenberg or . E any Project fee , works . displaying original . from the but . using distributing paragraph a donate agreed the a pay performing Do Gutenberg License as for a with comply royalty of copying , fee of to use already You Gutenberg calculate Project applicable he or Project is method derive prepare the Royalty are paid has fee The , the to paragraph you taxes Project in be s he specified notifies the refund Gutenberg discontinue Gutenberg receipt who in days all of defect free agreement works you , agreement work of . medium return of or to user a such require works and You You receipt or charge Section Project . F . If forth set E You comply all other Gutenberg fee Foundation the . Archive or you distribution electronic identify by limited research and employees . Contact , on they which may , other the expend the manager considerable Gutenberg inaccurate or the the damage or copyright a errors not . copyright Gutenberg , do works F . liability Gutenberg trademark electronic of . a LIMITED Gutenberg other , data property or medium Gutenberg Literary or cannot WARRANTY Refund Replacement for F a in this of work for receiving the must paid within if person - from by you the If sending can , STRICT The electronically to you elect you REFUND medium provide or , written it without copy entity refund work , electronically a refund you refund a copy replacement give work of to set . IS' , forth - writing If you 'AS the may you right replacement allow limitation limitation of forth in this certain types of implied agreement invalidity or agreement WITH of fix limited work the Some . warranties . by any owner . damages the law agent of agreement promotion do , fees any additions obsolete the financial and from in to critical all support to walks of life variety of readable computers and with collection , the created readable Project permanent Literary Archive readable freely Archive and readable readable Sections The readable . and and Archive state - about Section Project Revenue Montclair information Contributions under is Project extent full your Watchung Foundation's website up links at located laws S . Foundation's NJ . and , tax to survive licensed and domain Foundation Archive cannot without that by . donations widest exempt equipment form its Many and carry to works small tax laws to committed charitable important out - to to Project org the at . gutenberg . to . to with all not and do compliance for . in up United regulating to maintaining complying in . the received to the to of from , know prohibition a locations SEND the the it states we takes To and of contributions to , alone web credit card current our donate of with concerning statements International donations . the checks , methods ways please visit are treatment donations from us solicitation www accepted laws pages small who where no such we of donate a swamp cannot requirements unsolicited accepting against are approach outside Please and Section freely . distributed , Gutenberg Project including General donate , About payments online www the Project be of printed Thus search , about Gutenberg PG paper , loose several copyright protected copyright . has about the main . gutenberg www : at newsletter to hear