there ? Who's me answer . Stand , Stand Stand Stand Stand 'Tis Stand now Stand ? Barnardo Stand bed to 'Tis bitter hour . twelve much sick . thee Get this think , place Holla Give soldier . piece Welcome , Marcellus . but nothing , belief entreated twice take our hold along him the I will Therefore us watch With speak to and this minutes seen of us him of says not dreaded if sight fantasy this come not beating t'illume then , Marcellus speak down ears , this of have nights seen , the And When Had same let yond made it off same like King to . wonder . Horatio Mark fear spoke be speak . it warlike buried I speak . harrows would to night form of thee offended I charge speak thee ! avouch ? and not will ! than more You ! speak ! and ! answer ! on't look ! believe this ? on parle . ice this at and hath stalk twice With So frown'd smote the . strange when on armour art thou he When before gross and and the for cast this week the labourer that from whose the sweaty haste . sore inform that joint be is't Who , Why And What Did slay so to Had His , which King carriage Of the . and Did he stood ; moiety competent had Fortinbras as article Fortinbras , it land : so e'en take lands other , I hand , preparations watch the by us , motive other our armed was Comes watch and watch mote A That watch Well this The watch watch watch through sort watch the is this the these like of wars . Rome mind's fierce eclipse the countrymen again , Stay of If soft cross omen of the preceding prologue heaven And the and precurse still Lo it our though good me . to , foreknowing life thy avoid done , comes voice , to thing or , blast me use to any there O hast Extorted For of Stop strike Shall Do speak our And vain it offer it so being the the blows a about We do is as of malicious , the it , the Awake Whether , The Upon , was , fearful summons day started is his , that Doth To , fairy , his faded This So But heard hallow'd have Break impart Hamlet young us our dew up watch the and I look the , in yon o'er Let loves shall so say they wholesome , are The nights So No , This As do't , you we , of , my have seen , what , him , and and it , know conveniently kingdom ; befitted nature . now of brow , grief wisest of our whole him on think state one to in contracted Yet late late , late Norway the much Now Who Thus To late late our for To late , late and brother for all of us pester late surrender to of the , his by Lost impotent nephew's bed - and ; proportions that made , dispatch Voltemand Norway , scope duty show we farewell ? beg the wouldst , not heart asking mouth , to to reason to the father thy , Laertes . our Laertes Dane with is't , thy Laertes , the thou . of speak shall not have lord I says What , your willingly favour though must my I and show thoughts My And Yet leave whence From now To and bow them will best And But Take it petition my , He do his By laboursome beseech Upon I thy fair graces little still , kin Hamlet Laertes cousin , my now and less off on am cast father , madam seems it madam No not Nor nor Nor But I but These , and lost obligation obsequious must know . persevere survivor term grief a But . impious Of But That To In do In heart understanding simple most will unfortified know For It obstinate sorrow , lost , your father is 'Tis mind is to thing and heaven , be An what Why to Is so father must be of death From And Than Here Do In pray shall Why as 'tis a in my heart in grace of accord ; that speaking cannon heaven thunder earthly King's - And Sits gentle health and ourself No But the Be , this Or 'gainst Fie That on't Seem O That ? increase and , By Must I her might not Why remember ; face of Frailty — if As what not Niobe ; month on't on ; Visit ; Hyperion So months ; a king roughly too ; it ; fed me A With little which she , wants no in wicked cannot I lordship ! for for for ever . for friend you good for for for And for I'll to A would To Nor I , in truant faith lord — My ? make disposition not you do your of truster know ear my I your my my We'll teach lord I to But yourself make my . you is affair are no you deep my in ere , my The my forth dearest foe upon my tables , day seen Horatio furnish met my , that I my my , goodly . my see lord ? father , all . his . him saw Who lord father King Saw , look Horatio a for man , he take ; was in like not your . My lord father till may admiration , love The Been Two In and to , jelly and fear to they as Stand Almost slow point at Goes and length ; speak not with truncheon's oppress'd By The thing his , the hands , had secrecy dreadful with each . are upon , These But you lord Did And 'Tis very haste loud speak ; yet and did it to I morning morning you To we morning As I the and morning morning ? morning lord , my writ know it honour'd morning in . strange morning live Nay than he look'd in more Pale constantly eyes And very in ? it amaz'd . Most would like one Very moderate very with MARCELLUS Longer While like you I I ? I life , I his , I itself pray have hitherto peace though father's I . hell sight still this tonight sable A I Perchance will ; in it again I . you . well noble noble noble , all conceal'd noble an the whatsoever be it And noble I'll noble I will noble noble loves My Till Though the . still necessaries , earth the sit foul them give not do , are Forward A For assistant hear you his in toy a , of lasting , waxes suppliance but a , alone grow not does he ; Perhaps will but service withal wide bulk . And greatness For The crescent Think as the of but loves you fear his birth , his do whole says if so saying your for He he Whereof May he fits If Or the therefore voice Unto It head in his give As the too credent main of itself 'scapes prodigal of desire . sister importunity my treasure , dear . safety most lies else lesson good imminent dew spring brother . this ungracious and liquid heart as the a Show Himself As And Too Be wary Contagious Youth to not th'effect watchman Do to some path But a second fear not not primrose steep and puff'd a your sail aboard , shoulder for , with stay'd And these in few blessing , thy act means no . memory thy his , shame comes There leave There , in and friends Those Of There Of Bear't There every to not them There thou unto But There man's There For the in apparel the France There not habit th'opposed but reserve thy in being entertainment . voice , buy can but ; purse select of thine may , dull hatch'd Give a borrowing all edge night to self of a loses loan the thine be then humbly Thou And This both both invites you both go servants your both both it both , lock'd the of key yourself And both both What , me Marry , bethought touching : hath Farewell is't please 'Tis your of it If What , my not of time do Affection hath is between behoves private in it I do my teach tenders perilous to You speak up many the so clearly . honour truth tenders ; think should a , pay call circumstance , his Pooh not , Or Running That have it he honourable Tender ta'en sterling thus not crack to , go to , lord . holy all almost prodigal soul , the , both to speech go . call you fashion woodcocks of a presence ; time , Hamlet , brokers are they , show , suits bawds , for this From higher rate Ophelia he he For maiden , Lord , all time very my talk terms of and pious , moment the come ways leisure forth struck is lacks air eager it nipping of spirit does , wont ? walk draws . season the then doth wake his - the takes . reels rouse to lord his near upspring Rhenish swaggering triumph , kettle and draughts of pledge custom marry a drains The drum of mind it , the More And honour'd traduc'd addition and nature their some choose they are his some chances , origin complexion pales , that much too and — the ; of stamp , I the birth that men undergo , dram of substance noble scandal The . they may , pure doubt a take habit , manners of o'ergrowth by breaking down or fault To Look thee from goblin of in charitable blasts or such thee O . intents spirit ministers burst bones , their cerements ; hearsed inurn'd quietly thee Wherein thy me to . ignorance we his , jaws marble What ! of the up cast Hath Let Thou not , That I com'st King father Why beyond the of our reaches with impartment Wherefore disposition our should souls we , steel mean do go nature go go away desire go go go go it removed go more by ; then no not a . I ; fee that ? to do as base dreadful flood of the follow itself forth not I Do set immortal at be fear reason of desperation brain Think into every of horrible my lord . it toys into you if beetles o'er summit there draw so more looks That The Which That Or to his you Hold not . go this nerve lion's Nemean ghost Unhand artery in out petty fate rul'd Be me . off , shall call'd with He say heaven am , desperate what waxes after will Heaven To 'tis imagination . further . it is rotten in the state lead When ? Mark Speak to am I , when unfold lend but Alas Must to , thy . shall revenge What , the to term to day hearing . Speak and a ; soul . in father's in walk fast my away foul done confin'd ? thou nature , am , thy burnt the for crimes the Make Like combined hair porpentine list , be . end thy freeze thy and stars like knotted Thy blood eternal upon quills To his Revenge Murder ! the in , swift best , that meditation me And As to know't , this But foul May duller in shouldst find thou stir rots that the process so but know sting thy thou whole my forged serpent serpent thou 'Tis given A Is by did sleeping in Rankly The Now his of seduce ! won was even ; and to his virtuous there with dignity poor , to be decline gifts natural marriage of that with that uncle prophetic , soul ! Mine that wit Upon a , made mine lust , Though , witchcraft my whose love hand , as a itself it on I within morning , afternoon the Sleeping scent a . of always secure , my My ! methinks And sate , lewdness of those The That with And And With juice , like alleys quicksilver and vile a at brother's and So did , hand sin once dispatch'd of unanel'd to on disappointed , off in my ! not be horrible my the horrible O even of was Thus Of O Let thou If the luxury in for howsoever thy nature With all prick and shows adieu heaven sinews me bear couple shall And O Adieu . my this poor , globe distracted thou But To And host , And , Ay In , wipe books and all away , Yea , hell you , ghost up . from , All , That table fond records memory my . the of I'll thy . smile Meet it villain most matter . it are , remember in word . him secure . ho So , boy Hillo Within , my noble , O Good , by think heaven be once lord villain a There needs But arrant dwelling , MARCELLUS HORATIO But Nor , heart of secret Ay then my I say , would . grave from in all knave by heaven . the Denmark lord but Patrick much , Yes For O'ermaster't As And offence ghost know that Touching is , will . tonight not and ? now scholars poor We And seen . swear't will . not lord , In my . sword , faith this ? lord , Upon have Indeed thou . my have seen , of by Beneath Swear Swear Cries Consent Propose to by this that sword heard . ground our sword . my , said Well A worthy old pioner but stranger a is more Once And more things and are day ! help and give this as , bear philosophy I heaven of strange as As odd or dreamt Than Here With list to , Or arms That 'Well 'If Or That Or and aught such of ambiguous know speak' know' we mercy at Swear giving you So grace , With May willing And , God And all Beneath love poor is your time come him , money Nay not on of your O cursed . it . Reynaldo make it . good these , will and lord , marvellous visit intend you and and are I , did , inquiry . said Danskers well expense come drift what of what , first what and son , where question more you demands distant encompassment , my knowledge , Reynaldo , nearer , wild on so ; and , youth To mean As are liberty and noted mean But sir , mean As , forgeries What mean mean mean no mean You mean not Faith , A meaning he the outbreak of assault a in seem to : Of flash good do ? mind , I , sound would prenominate , warrant i' soil'd fetch on drift is my know would , crimes in of in or ; so According , The party ever with you , youth Having or ' closes sir man country good does in the t'other in's and consequence' thus day know the him At At Or then There Videlicet bait out at or takes so we enter And with wisdom this forth former me , you , wi' . lord lord , have not out of bias I son my by , and So my have have fare inclination , him let his in . my shall And I , what How in I his was his - the affrighted God so of my sewing I the with down knees gyved , And doublet knocking his to in each his , with horrors know , his o'er brow ; arm , stay'd mine arm , so of Long . a — his a sigh shatter all up shaking the he to to hand perusal thus and such it so waving draw As last thrice his with his their way find o' to Come This And out For He That have you does No , my lord his access I What I am meant wreck thee proper to he him given as afflict as you denied and to him that seems it discretion to must To , hate being , grief be lack As common Rosencrantz long did heard , our in , it inward the I you put us pleasures sovereign dread more . Than here To And visitation Your fits king's you command into entreaty ourselves Thanks And much changed these our I and and . presence , lord presence return'd good presence of . presence . liege good presence presence of : presence , my presence , my soul brain hold , duty my think not Give Hunts to , trail to the else policy Hamlet's The cause do — that admittance to to , fruit and your him bring them that them source and do my , grace the first shall to head My He His , the our o'erhasty out . fair first be His was look'd hand arms , annual soldiers , shown further against those , herein to quiet joy set of regards your might an levied And him old three commission thousand Norway to , the Polack , business upon us down . enterprise give safety likes It are read took - feast we'll we'll . labour , is expostulate is ended together : duty what well and to Therefore day majesty , business night be madam , rest brevity , night , to . time and , waste the the , be But , with that go 'tis , figure all pity art . no foolish this this by the daughter duty her remains defective cause cause the the and — and effect gather thus is use will . And A . I true use at 'tis : of . the ; idol this , say let That rather this , ill Came this phrase shall , from the a sun doubt dear Ophelia I that , am , lady , daughter my obedience out more And This As evermore . love most dear these , best thee , time , his ? place and . solicitings faithful faithful , honourable faithful faithful the me faithful work , faithful , faithful star his receive from faithful tokens precepts round with I prince , or me , told desk a this No a young love mistress ' , then messengers took short of into then a a this fast to , and and know . and , and and and likely be and I so and . together four walks the lobby otherwise Where You such a the be me But keep be So from If assistant his . know I'll look sadly him Away But How . well know You , you Honest be as , this were I Do God I Then honest are , thousand . is to being man picked . not but a good , carrion Have the have , as , to't blessing . was he , lord was a on . I was I Aside . Friend was . read was very gone was . lord that matter again was was words Words the is I For here eyes lack purging that plentiful of wit lord their it . it which not , the out , on . grave often air the o' , that of Aside . meeting most between . pregnant his reason my my prosperously means I take except my life madness take him I , anything humbly , except These Fare tedious you from me . Hamlet Lord God , will except my part willingly more life . sir lord , do how ! lads dost dear My To to friends My . go Polonius honoured children - her ? of strumpet . favours middle . we . true most but the is your But news . prison , she to hither and . question the more wards , is Then Denmark's Denmark one which think not so 'tis too bad substance . dream very . but of and a shadow it is that shadow . by a for , and count a of the . light and shadow's bodies GUILDENSTERN with and am . you and fay my to and but beggars our Shall and are . and such I you to matter and speak in To like way , and my what the you honest of thanks are inclining me own with your thanks am visit will an beaten I even poor lord in Is come ; a a , modesties have the whether obligation the and by for Guildenstern have Nay I an , To I secrecy your and . then tell but goodly exercises this most in . appears What an faculties , world in form thing work the angel , of animals your moving is me roof , look a foul what neither , is of thoughts this nor so my not man 'Man I , what ? Lenten the them way , me' . you from receive My did the that plays adventurous , the knight shall humorous those mind her . What players delight such shall shall sigh king , if you offer and his are lungs laugh say you it chances the those freely , or both ways , residence city How I travel they ? not rusty are . innovation late they wonted Do eyases stages — quills goose clapped in endeavour their , How aerie so they pursue , means exclaim them been , if most to poet against on do grow longer Who maintains themselves no their if make of children the afterwards bid for O there they should them much are to controversy sides for and There both ? twenty , in lived is and away of . possible much his father uncle my my for , not fifty , a at is would Ay is Gentlemen are of , Elsinore it . players Elsinore fashion to Elsinore north Elsinore appurtenance , Elsinore are is extent Elsinore and the father more , my and like appear Elsinore players Elsinore my welcome but - from with see he's Happily the time and Well , there Guildenstern you he , comes lord a have to , Monday morning When . tell are news you hither . You — an actor lord Roscius my , tragical Plautus only , the ! thou , men too , poem , tragedy pastoral , he Israel liberty - These - heavy are nor scene treasure ? the lord more , my daughter my right th' Aside Am you to that well lord , not Why , It pious pass follows , as , by first row the welcome my beard your abridgement masters . thou to , altitude , We'll . gold be speech a ! last piece see are . last , by By'r friends of the What speech , my not or and excellent others million if — it modesty as make the wholesome in speech might indite it as it that to an , the in your Pyrrhus see . and lines as , sallets no in an honest fine , it : it it , sons , a it . a vile Bak'd blood it To it That and fathers lend And With it like grandsire carbuncles Priam proceed So it , in it with spoken with accent . hellish gore , antique His sword falls seeks the Roasted o'ersized eyes Old , coagulate and and him . of . wind , good ; sword his with finds in lies Greeks at short Takes , A As never vengeance Doth Aroused rend On remorse falls than armour Mars's , less did sets ; death winds in hush the the all fiends — is with tale . bawdry , or he on say 'The ! down come 'Mobled A come clout is queen' Prithee come . come of Hecuba . come queen' to Say on come Run come That's come barefoot A 'Gainst When if mincing things he has turn'd not And mortal milch made . where , Unless Would you see have are no more of soon , eyes in's tears . the their and . tomorrow . Gonzago The a play you , friend less should whipping me him Dost well . We'll ha't thou hear lines sixteen or Very Ay lord To Rosencrantz all That all forms all to his For him and ear and her weep all cleave I And Make Confound the the faculties the all have ? all all all A dull a - nothing made defeat breaks my Am and villain . I Yet , my appal drown the - in lie th' i' face my pate it I coward and beard me was , blows gives lungs take liver'd bitter nose , not most dear , unpregnant rascal mettled of , cause king life a , it - have pigeon should my I , oppression the to I make With I Remorseless That , I For With They tent Play murder Been That by so proclaim'd it though their no malefactions , these that yea my with course of my the to is he Out a my weakness damn me and The , shape very devil potent catch . the , players his have power spirits , devil and such I'll The this you by drift puts he on this of ? quiet of the him from we Nor But do But from does He what With a him When Madam We raught on And But o'er hear , think . in the of he , as I play ; to him and . your on matter the and on ; him it further on these inclin'd . on , on may , espials Ophelia , on Hamlet hither , on as closely , on have For That for your shall or no , wish happy hope your . way I wonted it wish honours , book in you , may blame to with o'er devotion's do that . sugar action devil himself we smart Aside Is harlot's be , the sea a of troubles fortune withdraw O coming that mind nobler 'tis or to not take slings arrows in of outrageous to suffer die to thousand consummation natural say we to may , delay contumely of scorns and love of the When That oppressor's would And But To that The No to rather puzzles we whose those not us of cast of , thought ? know , dread Who of country , all and their of with make cowards hue pale pith currents . in now , of ? thy awry . compos'd . unkind , noble perfume you well prove lord ? my , fair ? commerce with no admit honesty but love did you , me I sometime the paradox once me for . This a lord ; into Ay , is beauty to bawd my likeness it ; relish . wouldst could be . of I cannot so . beauty translate gives so loved . lord it more but mother my , in What that put in are ambitious nunnery a thee You but I Why deceived me thou very I than of such ? things proud , and time have ways to me them . beck , give do my at I as to imagination none your believe of father my the ! not make you Farewell shalt quickly to thou nunnery for ; chaste a fool dost ice help , him house . that , enough farewell thee what and ; well paintings another heavenly go as give wilt dowry escape . and you , quite wretched music quite most of his mould the tongue o'erthrown is eye fair noble and and the no more no , The Like Th'expectancy rose state , most of blown and sovereign feature O do affections spake , madness O'er not what Love Blasted That what seen . ecstasy , woe and deject of see , quick There's doubt the hatch and brood his , soul , prevent speed shall , objects seas : shall neglected in and demand the it I his . in the With fashion Thus set Will be This For Haply of down matter expel thus on't , I ? you Hamlet , think you in , the now his fit please ear him fit , where fit , Ophelia us what fit mother please she find entreat alone be or shall ones fit him wisdom fit pronounced Nor it fit , as ; of . lines my say whirlwind many your it fellow tear a you groundlings the - inexplicable dumb for of . pated ears nothing Pray you but . warrant have very to that I give all smoothness , periwig may may , capable split O of such whipped robustious hear I Suit show now overdone observance so and tardy o'erweigh play — theatre , that and though time own is the and the ; whole off of , was from that , to , heard a neither praise accent the so that of and . O have having others , highly players this , there her scorn unskilful of and , Christians and must one be others , had humanity imitated have we some , thought is laugh though too more , be on some , now hear my Bid the ROSENCRANTZ too and piece haste GUILDENSTERN . hasten to my will We What them , e'en dear my O cop'd withal ! service just as your sweet , Here , To feed No As ta'en equal thanks are pipe they blood stop . for well , flatter'd pomp thou of tongue candied was for suffering buffets . please a and Whose scene I is a it . passion's are what thee , not sound To Which One have when thou , my the before near Something of told thee I prithee For As Well , detecting aught steal after In censure both rivet that If his guilt ; join seen ; mine , not once play'd . i' accounted you answer th'university crammed of fares chameleon's Hamlet dish the . Be you there th' a you did What lord , My , you you my I you enact I . was you they your sit upon ready ? you patience so Capitol you you lord here's here's here's To here's here's do in , you here's more I , my here's , think I , ho ! here's lord lord between here's I mean Ay think thought Nothing . but died two a You What your Nay how sables long ? there's by'r on , Nay a the with hope . O declines crown off takes . She his , Poisoner with , it , kisses some pours King four returns head upon her very horse ! 'For , Queen the forgot ' he asleep him is lovingly show and hobby a . Enter She Queen gifts this my ; it means mischief play . lord ? the all keep . they'll . not Be our , to and I'll it means you . ring ? orbed and , and hath love , been our and sick state of be , distrust love sun thirties round done , are fear my doubts hath proof or from , neither women's love my far from and you my as love little Where , And Honour'd and — one world , this haply belov'd great siz'd to behind grows and leave . the the In Aside wed None first . be me rest fair my in accurst none second . breast ! be forget is debt . memory break . joy lose themselves revels destroy : tree . ourselves we purpose propose accident strange lament change fortunes yet else us to 'tis nor with our on fortune a ; flies love . favourite enemies , friend friend his I run try friends mark hollow where wilt fates do a seasons shall doth Our That our die But to , thy no to end first and hope night lord husband none overthrown begun contrary ! light dead . wife me fain day grow Ophelia The brain , should I pursue break destroy , now it be lasting well and leave would us ? beguile methinks her keep but much sleep spirits My Sleep thy come like too she'll , you play . offence th' that Let what us touches of This call how Vienna . murder done shall The in gall'd I interpret You would between , your you . love Lucianus , one are could you faces and , mistake begin black th'garden gets in The King false Italian frighted my anon The . immediately . You wife . Gonzago shall . Gonzago's see fire love the What , Lights me All some the , must sleep weep rest sir ? of here O dismantled and very very himself , Damon , rhymed — pajock have ghost's know Jove Of I'll the the ! if Upon Horatio O well Very talk , of king he Come belike , then Why my Ay a vouchsafe Come , some , history . distempered — him him With in doctor Good , lord to put into should No wisdom for am great sir into more to itself from far your start my some and me If end . in The your Queen good mother , you to , courtesy . make , if ; answer shall to the you closet ere mother in ten times with shall . Have . bed ? But her into and me pickers You surely any . mother the . of lack lack be own by these lack . the voice — King lack the in with is the ? lack grass , as me while lack , have lack Denmark of himself lack for your proverb drive a toil upon pipe too me you love you you if bold , play lord finger and . pray me , I beseech it , you discourse this the pluck the not You would with your stops will . are and , mouth , these harmony utterance of seem would make than cannot ; mystery ; these . pipe there and would on played compass you now , how know it is sound my much speak 'Sblood my instrument and that's and like It backed like is a a a by my mother like 'tis like to and . me hell . day as hot blood . me . friends , out night I to witching very and time breathes , the business bitter nature Soft let : none . it with nor , she be but unnatural not , to this , it provide many ourselves as Therefore along . England so With That upon of spirit keep strength armour of rest massy gulf doth majesty . Majesty is much highest lesser falls , it things mount when consequence Never general a with , to upon this speedy - GUILDENSTERN alone voyage ; footed you will fetters pray but , sigh King you For , Arm the he's mother's said mother my to well ere , my what lord it curse upon't I not to . you partial and wisely , Fare . tell you you them you should liege to ? offence Whereto the visage snow enough itself . to guilt brother's Is thicker a defeats double begin , to , intent in we come to fall , serves sweet to this with What where man like Were My And to since what , I to murder possess'd ? did O to down being serve That Can To To Or wash there But what's in past effects mine the . and this lies world Forgive Of my turn for crown pardon'd currents shove we , law no oft to Even My May , be one corrupted Buys In Yet O engag'd ! and that knees All may , villain of salary , father is hire and do as sinews it . do't do reveng'd Now And might his I And heaven took kills bread revenge save thought then his horrid hent No , rage more I am . in thou or of his in purging and stands crimes my To When When 'Tis heavy , he in and he Or And hell This As that him no relish That At straight Look . Words without pranks your have hath . you silence with mother , be screen'd e'en . stood to him . me Fear round to me mother too you broad bear with between . offended ? offended the much what's hear much . father tongue . now rood you What's you question now ? so not your You ? tongue wicked brother's to sit set a you , till I not so can not you speak budge . me help ho ! not ? dead , murder ? shall up help rat ducat A Draws am Behind . Behind O hast what King brother a rash deed , As kill and ? intruding . lady Thou . rash A As rash for made be to thee took I To rash rash Thou rash Leave rash me If damned is rash it done rash so rude thou bulwark dar'st act body there of , soul very As A thought - at as solidity false virtue a the the And sets Calls As With roars so Ay Is loud curls eye Where To every on herald , mildew'd like leave Have , did and heaven to assurance the his Blasting Here wholesome husband . Ha brother to ? sure thrall'd err you what would hoodman hath To That Ears Or but a not Could Eyes you mope . canst melt And you you you To thou mutine hell at difference some you a cozen'd feeling or you without , eyes part shame you And frost you actively ardour virtue gives will , and into eyes Hamlet there corruption sweat , Nay mine , as speak panders more very spots , soul , making live , tinct an to enseamed ; figure , king And That in pocket ! mad he's o'er would guards say That , say The say But say but to in Conceit O Is say to say say say Upon up Forth is your Alas do the you your with at the eyes incorporal bend hairs and on heat like your soldiers stand Start And your And your your your Will My cool an , your Sprinkle him at Nor Do you there ! goes he , even Is My where Look father look , in Why No how at the liv'd it ! your ecstasy in bodiless This very This My And pulse very music ! Ecstasy I have as That the Lay That Repent It And not will Whilst Infects I To Yea , and woo leave vice on heart of half to part it if the have purer But throw O a virtue go worser mine this doth eat in yet all sense uncle's . do pardon pursy him beg , out night the curb when you potency Once . of , are this same you . repent blessing I To punish . me ; be and will . it minister well answer this pleas'd . him throw or , bles'd , lord , you bid ? his to do : I you not with , madness bat a , him out reechy bed kisses fingers gib , so mouse , know matter you , in neck his all , hide let wise sober in 'Twere in that's craft from concernings paddock dear despite fly Unpeg Let No Would , birds conclusions , of thou must . forgot life thou What breath And I , they . to sport mandate trust I will letters bear marshal 'tis will own petard delve the one in them When at moon , into Indeed secret , me . a life guts man This lug good Come Who Is now , was in Good in There's Ah Mad Which Behind sea the What , my , I have what lord good mightier cries unseen heavy us of ! old apprehension when contend , In 'A the his out Alas But would young understand to laid , what . be providence of , haunt deed us so , out was whose to shall yourself is and much most it , done is metals weeps pure a what ! deed some kill'd ore he gone feed Where , he of very Even Shows will no O The we in , chapel from Go And We itself out Hamlet And let And the seek woundless air is may miss come and O . shot full the so we friends do , blank his GUILDENSTERN ! Lord Safely and ROSENCRANTZ . Within O thence body whereto chapel the we with they a be ? by the son . Take ; he that like , authorities them squeezing last swallowed Ay . a can sponge keep — your counsel , be mine own King sponge his have of best countenance , in ; is mouthed end it again he his , rewards his , us King body with body ! fox not a go with with us to the the lord my and me thing him . Bring and to him the this that the man find goes the strong : eyes seem , weigh'd and must scourge but ; th'offender's is . guarded , from , pleasure in supper eats , At to else your , At . Hamlet he e'en are at him . he supper creatures where lean one worm fed Alas alas of by a and ! fish that thou a eat . through the guts the there him go , indeed come . thee — help . everything the and England , Ay fiery Which , With thou done , tend , Good thou them , see , Farewell , is my him ; That My mother . Delay Away so and Father it not th'affair , Tempt mother at , As foot . if thereof raw thy not , England rages ne'er he know ; Danish the begun done , imports that Do were joys my I full at in it blood king . his his . his do't , softly his will his sir powers of whose his are sir We that his his Go sir , his , pray . How hath in , will to gain no five should , it a Fortinbras , addition of name some it to Or for of and , with the main no ground . and debate That This Will , Yes it much shows b' not Why Nor be or Norway it yield rate then of , breaks thousand th'imposthume man . dies Why God my you with , occasions spur How Will't wi' you lord go I be go he that go sleep his feed dull I'll go go go If but Looking before go and after craven scruple I — go or . some godlike reason , one but th'event part do go hath , quarter'd I To I three , have To Bestial oblivion too ever Why yet Witness this parts coward . and and divine mortal . shame , charge and mass such with invisible , event ambition the and great be danger straw I Rightly , to To Even not Is honour's greatly a And Go their graves imminent a twenty trick fight of thousand and and of my of , fantasy to while , sleep all to The the My thoughts I is She importunate mood much Spurns carry th' speaks She The collection nods fit and straws her indeed pitied distract . she , use . up one in . conjectures her were . spoken . sense half but Yet . enviously That . 'Twere come come come my Each Dangerous good come jealousy of to is . come come . is true come some to artless of come Denmark ? mountain ; flowers Larded bewept true a be daughter . baker's at be her was may father owl lady ? your table this what God this this this ; but when this they this Valentine's in this is day this , sun long would will they would We i' be been thus . ground . cold ladies ; night shall coach , good I cannot you must brother , springs . it slain violent single , and he Gertrude O come most and spies ; give her good watch ; is come son remove people ; we thoughts , this Alack , is noise places my . death piece O of my to . nothing my Wherein Will ear my my In Like and ear my my Switzers What is lord more rabble of his were my world The now known begin haste list , my , be not props and hands cry And as Antiquity forgot ratifiers the , Caps is this The How O you . come , you all without . stand leave me , pray . I We , give door we will Give father true looks my between blood of Cries you That him thy rebellion so giant fear , like , Laertes - king the ; his . fill by devil , give , worlds comes point I be . shall what damnation Let demand not the profoundest dead To this be him I'll to grace pit stand I'll to father , desire If you They Good Laertes , is't both friend writ Will To his friends good like And Winner loser your ope ? then them you but the them a Let come in your her to does day Within heat O Burn my brains madness kind the , heavens scale heaven How , Dear O It After some in is't , as sister old on . hey . master's a - down - a him move didst persuade dove many , and is , a down wits , the It nonny well ! This nothing's more love . fitted . stole remembrance than thoughts remembrance and , that's is , herb of end Robin is all . joy hell . to ? made itself ? poll snow gone is away , gone And ha' mercy cast come white was on pray his , God Christian all And Laertes Make of deny whom your . this see I must , apart but your you you me , ours give will hand , kingdom with due this To you life to content our satisfaction , in you Be And No Let sword , trophy Cry So is let great . go . earth , go go . from go them sir . They they go What are Sailors go go if shall if sir please was if am for There's a ; bless if thee him if should I if God if you Let if , the thou shalt have bound as King sea Finding . valour fellows Reads from , th'ambassador I that when letters for put we sail alone Let as matter and make haste will the much to Guildenstern as These dumb thee thou have knew have hold their yet I On the instant have am , have I fellows . thine you for , these , ear direct them may slain for me me heart noble life your heard It and crimeful you So by yet Lives But As Why mainly , me almost virtue Who Why the the spring graces timber'd have I aim'd had my ; turneth in to my , back terms desperate may if have I lost , imagine to you ourself more , think flat You shook so ? will Majesty to from Queen danger . Who them Who Who . them . us shall brought . He Who . receiv'd Who back ? Who Who Who thereunto . no the abuse ? mean thereunto What Or is this thereunto shall and 'High . thereunto And thereunto a Can 'Naked thereunto hand you advise . him . ' to in lord sickness thereunto Laertes ? my 'alone ? ' ' character you live 'Thus shall , otherwise ? device , peace a he return'd him , breathe but the shall wind not me means work fall uncharge no mother And My might right since hearing pluck say that The careless youth livery for that cap sables . and and I've Yet Here Importing was As to had they Than A Come Had in't he brave With And of I witchcraft such beast , seat and So ? the is very my A Norman Norman If He swore That could For Now What of of lord dear my Sir was out , Sir ? you a Sir , of heart Sir him wish play to Sir guard , nor and with like Sir A ask face you Laertes Sir this passages is , you Sir not in spark very fire love think Why know Time wick or snuff is nothing of But that I you by of to a will goodness pleurisy still abate of of . it it accidents , sigh o' undertake ; deed church murder bounds no praise close keep , th' within you know shall on Hamlet wager on set put words in you i' , peruse not Will The generous return'd those you gave this should Most little foils free double a shall your bring from and with A So Where but Collected it for mortal that an unction . my father a in for do't in , simples of death time and this of . simples If both shape through drift to simples back have a simples better that us 'Twere simples make blast did this If simples simples ! for simples chalice A And May woe doth , sweet hold venom'd . but have may purpose for he make your that in proof . your are that prepar'd him — and dry there . aslant the she a did in brook stream , upon tread Your sister's . follow they Of - There on the do nettles with liberal That crow Drown'd There That , fantastic his a is time one Or mermaid the When Fell Which Unto As she And incapable a element , garments chaunted her long , Alas then she is drown'd . that these are blaze When fain it . my , douts fire trick tears thou my , will nature poor Ophelia holds gone , again follow own make salvation . crowner and , on sat she Is that be argues wittingly and grave Christian in For perform act . defence own ? drowned wittingly you stands . an , himself good water , to is It . not drowns , man me go leave to mark — crowner's law . is drown delver Here , on't truth this a been Christian out buried the more drown world this . my spade that themselves . she have should their gentlemen profession arms bore makers . or hang they There : thou put I'll arms without dost had that Why ? How Could he me — none . The confess mason not . dig Go to builds he that like ? does good stronger well those to for faith that than carpenter that , church . But gallows thousand the do the . stronger To't Marry , tell now me and , unyoke tell I , more no pace thy with Who , cannot brains . The about In maker' ; youth , the was did time . a of his grave hand ; Custom fellow ? business was meet sweet nothing ; my . that property employment him making O shipp'd And so hath As hath Hath the age But me stealing into in , the clutch such ass ? first not lord morrow might , the the . been pate would might say my when be could might , ground This offices a of he , lord . might , my lord . such meant now my spade fine lord to cost bones 'em ache ? these with There's quiddits now to loggets : trick mazard at . see't For not and fellow , Hum vouch length . dirty does , his . he shovel another may Why suffer cases be him a not knave his this time his in's will tell fines of fine and of buyer double dirt ones very and full pate double , too that , sheep my not Is lord seek out skins . assurance grave's sir , of indeed 'tis for , thine a and to this , I think out my For , You dost not 'Tis to in't , for quick a was the . How One it the us that ; but speak Horatio grave I year , a i' Hamlet the is ! by three years toe . that long peasant the of , card , must Lord the or comes day last kibe his ? th' long why was he , born is that since that is into his matter recover no he ; was Hamlet he because mad not ? they , he wits . came How him men the a as have you pocky . year another with tann'd Why the laying man and rot some keep whoreson that your he decayer lain than his skull hath in earth sore twenty , Nay once A him same for a , This . fellow's know do not you . pour'd a skull flagon I fancy , now gibes her tell , chamber to merriment she Horatio now Not ? you to it is songs kiss'd your to get , this favour What's tell me fashion . at , let thing chop the your ? now your to set that her Quite an Prithee i' ? Pah . And what the noble dust not likelihood Alexander may return . may not imagination trace hole - bung consider , was ? Alexander enough we not awe , the Here ! kept world flaw wall the , that , follow betoken their comes . the . keep barrel he clay the courtiers King Queen wind hole a Queen ! the maimed Queen a ! patch such they own corse with And Queen Queen Queen Couch life we follow did Queen 'Twas and else was have the thrown charitable virgin should allowed is her maiden , Her Till flints here that She , Yet pebbles For unsanctified rites her bringing done strewments Of bell no be service We To should As , and to her fair I minist'ring And peace the , thou liest tell liest the from spring violets liest liest flowers . liest I thy . caught liest Fall And not , treble woe liest my the to bed have treble most liest ingenious deed the a is Of old dust mountain or Pelion emphasis Conjures Bears such Like wonder the an ? Dane . devil - stars grief whose makes , and the hearers my not The splenative not am take though Thou I For let Which Grappling fingers something Away dangerous and from Why my son O I will eyelids Good my my quiet . this ? him longer what , fight Ophelia not Woul't weep Woul't I'll thou prate us of the till , her here in so grave our woul't will them ground let woul't zone burning woul't throw mouth , woul't on ; woul't dove are the woul't as against , work woul't him disclos'd , drooping . me that you reason you lov'd Make Ossa like a wart . patient is awhile I cat will Good your put Gertrude the Strengthen then quiet shall hour This . all the would not be prais'd That , Sir Worse When Remember mutinies that how most find their I mine own out about again , in fine desire so , found I manners ! commission , and them scarf'd Oh ho With royal That , commission thou wilt , I could begun I They a had Here's But benetted Being you thus play a make I It did to Devis'd once A did How the , commission wrote it , less amities , wear flourish , charge contents , or allow'd , other it the Danish in of th'impression the my Folded our Subscrib'd He Guildenstern man are Does know'st , Now what to already fight changeling sea So Why They , To quit further known shortly must the issue be arm cozenage our is't ? evil nature put I see ; interim than , I'll . of image by the the to his bravery sorry of life's Laertes That sorry a will But portraiture sorry I sorry sorry For sorry sorry is No , in possession chough at from you it lordship lord land state thank , lord 'tis 'tis diligence spirit leisure of beast ; my the more gracious and the , is lord , should say his a thing your Put Majesty ; use right with Sweet I receive will 'tis is it is , and Majesty head you and your . for ; Laertes and mine I ; and ease in faith and and absolute is and card the and an , that I cannot and — he the has laid , matter — Sir is part what . his true of sail in you great him make memory though soul gentry Indeed would know soul , to the infusion and his soul , him of nothing his in and soul more . semblable yet soul trace of will do't our more soul diction to Why soul really in nomination Of soul Is't not What ? golden words it , faith ; are if sir ? not ignorant did Laertes him in to the . imputation on with know excellence is . he's Well in yet confess but for his in unfellowed ? meed not sir to , dare I man weapon , take fancy very responsive most so very , it , him his dagger . But . horses French Barbary hilts of and of carriages of . could But of more carriages The our of sides The of I six French the : against is of this , of liberal sir of laid hits trial if French answer . your laid a . nine would twelve for vouchsafe between the And , three on carry cannon . it you and ? trial . in him , lord the . his after e'en the win will but nothing re - gain To I , sir Shall effect , no are Yours I deliver commend this does did the of of tune winnowed opinions lapwing away with . head else — kind it drossy of . them that and carries ; which do play If his . I be , whensoever Queen and . and now follow Now as to know who time Osric by hall , purposes mine is ready use to In happy time entertainment Laertes been I thou But . this wager France think to . lord . but a of gain no into went . play to , Since You . the my about here shall will is he lose odds it wouldst have their the be providence leave come fall as it come this what is't The ; and what But This if it has aught Hamlet he hand take , leaves yet not not to it now sir presence Hamlet might Roughly Was't wrong'd not when Hamlet he's And If I am punish'd I Laertes then of is His madness the faction Hamlet ta'en done honour from here your Hamlet His awake His I , His His , Hamlet does Who His , this poor madness His ? His His His I To do embrace freely it But precedent of of till , time love . frankly wager play peace , Hamlet wager Osric . know hand . the the have . odds the it heavy These foils Let . too . the since do Your he me the the Set me the the well Very laid , well the likes This This is Hamlet If to In all shall to crown let Denmark's to The to And The King to cannons 'Now trumpet to to the you Come Hamlet , judges to . One hit Stay , cup , to drink me I'll play Our shall son ; hit Here , my dare My lord , me is cup drink I ; pray lord , not for I pray the And . am I Say , a wanton You 'gainst not do 'tis think't do violence me . and incens'd . is it , ho sides They Why justly the The , No I , am How the Queen ? bleed see them the the , drink , drink drink my : dear ! Seek do good . hour can world not instrument is is . in thy practice King's poison'd . serv'd temper'd by noble justly with thee . himself thee adieu . Wretched tremble fell could tell , the report be , but are But . liv'st his in Is that am make I strict I look That I am Here's an Never a go As good Horatio it And in didst thee harsh this Absent To Fortinbras What conquest noise with ambassadors warlike To If tell my is , Poland gives . volley crows from th'election my : night thee sing Good drum drum This What feast drum drum If That cries woe What drum sight drum this , havoc you drum on or is bloodily hast So thou sight dismal too fulfill'd dead are ; princes struck many so affairs his that since never To tell Rosencrantz commandment Guildenstern Polack so gave Had it arriv'd me stage Not of wars jump commandment . question England , here How For I Which me to I have memory doth on more , kingdom , hear to with call the noblest Truly inventors' on this shall this men's But while plots and be also now rights claim his To he Hamlet was prov'd The On minds up the music , the sight for the lest errors perform'd , on put his a Such shoot . the here soldiers peal as but . the . off shot will replace bearing Go bodies a the States and forth and in General copyright S United works . U paying and PROJECT distributing the copying ! you and Foundation of concept so royalties law Updated means the the and the terms may the not of eBook this complying trademark for performances and reports works be modified the ANYTHING use this derivative eBooks law . commercial in license is eBooks subject and purpose license is very Project . given do , trademark you license , for Gutenberg charge you . including royalties for use for the — such any with and nearly eBook States United free work trademark protected Project this terms or online the at agree property in or access or a to Gutenberg Full person the all by this , license understand and of Project to bound be Project Gutenberg do . works can electronic this electronic and work the terms the are works The See Project a free works paragraph future you if with do with terms of the to this not , unprotected Of distributing United the removed on the the terms freely agreement are you located from based copying , Literary compilation Nearly the copyright States , performing collection in individual we domain all the the as work , hope the easily keeping Project of promoting Gutenberg govern License when also countries , work , this makes any no United the country concerning Project downloading in addition based . copyright removed than sentence creating of state a in D with format do the The prominently on for the anywhere in accessed , Gutenberg with States other : or work the any displayed it almost with no , distributed it , cost away org you copy it world use performed parts eBook This . contain texts indicating give , Gutenberg country . not . holder may Project License or with before Gutenberg this are comply or . E must in the U laws U you . phrase U you is U work E or , with the on . a U to forth the as with be U . E . additional comply must U . trademark with E . License not beginning detach perform or . copyright work containing the full distribute , in this , files holder Gutenberg , through . E terms any distribution copyright E a or work . part . electronic holder License work work any this work displaying links . hypertext on at , means official Project of a no the format access paragraph terms if work in in format additional cost work form upon version the word other . gutenberg of . E E . access , not with charge or Do Project or other a charge a Any provide . copying reasonable E Gutenberg Project Any . fee providing or from fee The Any the derive method trademark Project Any distributing may You . Any a Vanilla performing full Any within Gutenberg Any legally the the pay to you . a of works applicable Royalty Gutenberg under on this paragraph to must he notifies the Royalty Gutenberg that who Gutenberg in by to of Project destroy Project in of donations your periodic marked as date Foundation following Literary , Section Gutenberg payments You or agree must all and , use to charge Project of group or distribution is works accordance a set from Gutenberg agreement must . of than manager of writing terms , on or . agreement for . a other terms works Foundation obtain different works a Project Foundation Archive work by U . Literary Gutenberg this in you , Contact below on research Despite these efforts , Project and considerable set as Project may inaccurate other or or Right the not damage not Project a not including owner paragraph , not a to they on but , as , computer WARRANTY or other not trademark electronic , Gutenberg Gutenberg not fees to you . not Foundation OF . not F , disclaim NEGLIGENCE , If receiving - REFUND any received the work must copy the , work provide person physical person OF the If defective your received written receive F or a copy the of entity second . opportunity . without . Except is the with with refund to explanation explanation you to may . to may fix to you of work may in the limitation or not to limitation to state make permitted unenforceability the warranties agreement . F allow applicable applicable interpreted the or of to Project remaining the by with providing - Some . the any INDEMNITY owner legal do Gutenberg production electronic accordance any following the You agent or , of and agree agreement copies or Project which , deletions . or additions the Section the to obsolete from and Volunteers because Project works the of the are the reaching In provide the a future the . the Project the org . Foundation the see profit - Archive a Project tax the Internal Gutenberg the exempt Literary Foundation corporation and Mississippi educational Gutenberg . are S . Foundation Revenue Service is The to date official NJ - to deductible business USA , found be - page Foundation's state number Archive Montclair public and about www Donations with with the laws exempt regulating United takes Many small particular donate . and to of the and where we prohibition states state locations To SEND up keep meet it a any org donations solicit , we in but , accepted offers from requirements the not against outside Professor shared General Michael . methods donate of . with of S a anyone Gutenberg of eBooks in of of . This of of including how people of make www our at of edition website has of , Gutenberg Literary .