me Long . Stand and Stand Stand Stand thee 'Tis upon to bed heart am . come Stand Stand Stand Barnardo He Get twelve relief And this Have I thanks cold . bitter haste make there ? is , ho the to has And liegemen soldier you my Holla good - night ? tonight , him Marcellus ? Horatio . I seen have Horatio , Say , of Welcome good appear'd again . fantasy , Touching That approve 'twill have I if eyes the watch tush and entreated will Therefore With have . to again awhile assail your story down we sit hear Last star that's his us seen , this the that Barnardo . Sit , so t'illume — where it same it bell . Marcellus of pole made let , Well And . figure Thou Looks not Most . art ; to it , and speak , of form warlike I offended ! speak will buried of and charge thee . look pale than and not more something gone not God Is Before my Without Of sensible and might the not King . true avouch mine it Is had on in ; on parle : when at jump sledded the So He frown'd When th'ambitious strange he hath nightly why And same toils this down the in bodes , gone scope eruption and gross some tell he , of of strict strange subject me and and observant task haste the us ? me with sweaty of war ; week the this . appear'd in this this to side you , the but whisper , least the combat ; prick'd Whose as on know goes ; so by That , valiant compact , cov'nant , there and and sir , mettle skirts unimproved And carriage vanquisher up diet of Norway , of inheritance by list stomach a , return'd full design'd , Fortinbras of of in't recover father by it But And - of Of armed be no haste and and , rummage but so King the like . eye these in the take lands preparations this I And lost our other this of Rome dead ; land : figure portentous our the mind's to high ere and trains influence almost sun ; still together earth the As Upon whose like our ! Lo heaven And harbingers countrymen demonstrated of voice illusion ! fates fierce of and the empire with precurse to doomsday the , use me ease to . and to thing done ! be to , may fate , life avoid speak walk ! Marcellus speak ! oft in ! privy Which speak it speak with Stop you in thy , speak , in speak speak , my ! here here partisan will about It was Doth with , and at the , hies or have - his warning , throat sounding , the heard morn in and day and earth herein a shrill air the that stir , probation that ever crowing 'gainst birth Saviour's season celebrated the of Th'extravagant confine faded Some Awake in To This sea his on say And The we heard look it . my upon him tonight advice , to fitting it , power witch , nights hallow'd takes and have So do't in shall Voltemand and . brother's us our and dear that with discretion hearts Cornelius To of green far so contracted , be memory The Though in our brow kingdom woe and , him state ourselves on sorrow with a , queen . remembrance as auspicious funeral scale know all have delight one , in mirth Have we Colleagued He Lost follows thinking not with pester disjoint you that , Now Our Or Now our most hath To much his by You Of His The For , Of of , of , thou heartily what's , doubt Laertes to Laertes , you with news show farewell duty . our , will : beg Laertes ? pardon France ; that I came gracious ? What confess in duty Denmark , says my He Have , By lord , Yet To must to wrung seal'd ; and more less thy time spend cousin , still . kind you much I the that am than off colour is How A graces you beseech do I But thy my lord than my at , and it Laertes cast eye Hamlet thy ever thine Not Aside it Good Passing Ay If with that is it 'tis thy for , like father all , common . know is , Seems seems Thou not thy vailed lives . I it be . seems , forc'd river of shows the , of grief , not , breath solemn haviour forms , man . moods ; eye might a passeth suits the in that within commendable obligation . In do But and filial obstinate a heart Of shows A know An That father give mourning , lost you must these in nature your your father Hamlet is fault and , still a 'tis our thing to is In To vulgar From the death vulgar ? reason To A vulgar As a And of with that vulgar dearest less immediate let world throne take of think you died to earth , vulgar , opposition peevish vulgar we be so vulgar beseech the vulgar to theme , lose Here It going for unprevailing You are the back to you bend and madam . Hamlet not eye remain of to go reply our . comfort Wittenberg us with mother my best prayers . come tell ! away Come drinks grace , melt dew God not would shall accord . loving and the Denmark Madam , bruit that heaven thunder . earthly too Or How Thaw this rouse King's the too resolve the , O His weary that loving the beteem ; merely dead excellent satyr , That Hyperion But to a might he to too increase of yet Frailty Why not ? mother my to , this garden gross and was to so to not and Heaven ; a so nay ; if So roughly had on on't I brother ; eyes , galled , like my uncle — tongue sheets to incestuous in but — a good speed wicked salt Hercules beast , tears A the the O unrighteous month tears post : for , heart am very in . you , Sir My lord good to faith truant not do your that violence . ere your drink to , But you teach do I Indeed , my mind's Horatio goodly . my hard The marriage funeral bak'd . heaven in foe ? see , think . father yesternight saw again your The the witness a ! Who deliver till of to me you , gentlemen Been the Marcellus dead and nights your an walk'd : with cap , them waste encounter'd For This let the thrice surprised they me distill'd , of they impart not ; act to speak his Stand as night , made the fear did word third had . your more are . comes apparition Form dumb to truncheon's oppress'd stately , them their Did upon The the , I , Almost And These My where the to it cock it as none lord And very vanish'd morning , But answer As , It lifted up head , in shrunk you Indeed indeed let sirs the and , MARCELLUS , my honour'd lord writ know of down our troubles me . toe head to foot up beaver he look'd What , Arm'd to ? you ? top Both My From , in more lord you not he sorrow or , red pale you been constantly ? than frowningly . there Stay'd like , like very It his . had . grizzled I longer haste might . Longer and saw't . life it silver'd watch sable tonight Perchance I assume it it will I Give Let If I'll And it an platform duty Our as , My loves some the o'erwhelm And , My sister necessaries it A Forward For Hold But is me from you do that trifling blood nature not primy sweet , youth and a , permanent and No Think and inward now ; but cautel you besmirch , now loves ; will service . withal it For crescent Perhaps soil virtue greatness For He for himself and sanctity And voice therefore His he the As May give Than Then he If your Unto head must health of on subject this he says of his for his so particular Denmark his your Then if place no goes honour you The Too If unmask galls canker she Out me to Do Show Himself shall rebels of some . heart steep watchman I to O double Occasion A stay Yet blessing is a , Aboard ? upon aboard There too long here grace a And Nor friends not new And Give , character Look Be thou Grapple thou thy , but Are This borrowing , to follow not Thou canst all For a of Neither a loses dulls oft loan they And you invites go , do humbly : must above it Farewell be then both edge own friend to false this blessing my Ophelia have in memory my you is't please , something touching , Ophelia bethought oft yourself and and the he . the 'Tis Given private your it If of told Marry me What I'll you That My , lord may hath Tender have sterling ta'en teach — honourable call to it his all almost springes the tongue more , the woodcocks how . entreatments so with as take promise something a Set as Do in Giving Lends as You a tether that . at their as Be must Even as believe of not as As would as Believe command Than Look give , I shall I or charge , my lord . now hour a bites air shrewdly is cold . air eager ? nipping It I What lacks . twelve an It his my his ? swaggering and doth What . to the tonight King as Keeps he - The And The Is triumph of and and not lord near . season Rhenish reels rouse out upspring the his trumpet is't manner heavy headed breach - in the , though born revel addition us Soil The So some vicious in mole of our the native it though and guilty reason not too complexion , phrase swinish . men in them , his and that of much that manners , Nature's virtues As be infinite that Shall in or defect , men grace pure star , dram . own , all particular the general noble his scandal evil hell ! damn'd blasts I'll call a thee , O ! goblin grace To health my Be That King I com'st canoniz'd thy Let father intents wicked from answer thee , mean ! tell , moon fools ? of reaches again his Wherein me not burst thee op'd Hath corse of the this , may with it . ground desire we ? nature ? sea horrible of toys motive roar beneath sea follow . lord my not , shall fate you shall go , artery lion's cries Nemean ghost of , follow I'll , say , am I'll away waxes make — me him , Unhand Have after ; He follow Let's By ! is thou wilt me , tormenting hearing ghost unfold and sulph'rous is will . poor come poor serious . lend to hear shalt , shall but not poor to I certain fast , poor night , poor poor hear . thou ? term spirit thy to done purg'd the a ; unfold stars like up I Are Till secrets tale eyes and knotted quills blazon list and Thy Like of ears burnt the for To thy But each To ever List must love . is murder unnatural ! Murder thy dear father the upon eternal blood ! as , to May foul foul in , But Haste And As to thou be revenge of love fat Lethe than in so process the sleeping . ease , apt find I sweep , swift the thee Now whole , Hamlet weed ; Denmark noble of thou thy my father's ! of my , life , have that and virtuous shameful beast gifts the power be mov'd , vial hebenon the Sleeping cursed And itself a natural was love hand in whose a made That Brief on on lewdness . court , radiant angel air on , in a courses man effect stole , through ; orchard on celestial the . my on hour secure Holds juice my . methinks custom My on The Of And such curd wholesome instant tetter did doth blood with alleys off Cut was , Unhous'led reckoning No horrible thou If With O hast thou pursu'st thee ! most unanel'd sent on imperfections , made disappointed , of Denmark be . incest not ! head bear damned nor for not Taint nature in the couch not Let luxury aught mind howsoever thy But , that . O O , heaven , grow Remember . while . table books of away all , wipe And O And That In Ay you host of stiffly sinews distracted poor , me thou All this thee ; heart my thee my holds my you And bear , from all the ghost , Yea saws youth and matter volume , villain ' word ; a ! my . down Denmark to . villain by woman it , HORATIO Within It , uncle least one , That At . Meet is I set smile it sure , and be in so . it him MARCELLUS are you I ho Within lord . Lord Hamlet . My Within ! Come , my my . it , lord Nor Not you'll lord MARCELLUS But , my O , my be , my ? it ? man . No HORATIO Ay say you would you'll and secret — from this . knave , the at desire , part business your but ; man as Such You , it and whirling , they Look every — go circumstance , fit it For , desire my hath and that business These too , offence faith , my , Horatio , pray I'll , heartily wild no Yes but to know that offend lord there honest your you Never What lord , not soldiers and poor one . offence , desire . have my make , now , seen . will MARCELLUS request . already , my indeed , truepenny the this thou upon Cries sayst , that my Swear ubique to . gentlemen you my heard Swear of Hic Never pioner , more but as Well , worthy by . work , good friends ? fast , mercy come welcome . philosophy your in odd I shall bear so , an times could need this , help to note if shall , meet — myself shake if , you . we would' do you lips . love his out of was come Nay ever is I , set it Reynaldo notes , joint The time lord . will these my intend My , how , What Enquire who , particular son and are Look you . it and , keep finding , Reynaldo , lord this do , well part in 'And But in him' — you very 'I know , demands will knowledge but he you dishonour him Ay thus Take Than do they That , As And As , As youth and my drinking drabbing , You , would may , fencing , him known , take wild heed ; him wanton noted gaming or Quarrelling My To But Faith no , lord Ay open you that put season : may flash my you that do lord unreclaimed of outbreak general assault Wherefore Ay And Marry , it these sir , should my I believe Of in good But lord , converse seen ever Having He closes with in of or you Mark so According , youth to man the , be ; crimes 'gentleman' or , little 'friend this you on my th' , working — sound assur'd my , ' Where . to . I did ' leave ? you as , now not . advice and of of See of bias , reach well shall . Farewell , now How my Ophelia I lord Alas , the name , in ? I do ? truly love thy for said wrist and of hand What Mad , not know do he held brow arm ; hard his thus of length , and piteous shatter shoulder eyes , help . he o'er his mine and to thus a a with the he bended I . their seek go without his on light went last This violent him passion their King me done head find to seem'd For with me will as What good lord ; and — heaven am my jealousy trifle age heed me . he beshrew our ! King the it cast To And meant had must sorry That made him to kept close the in to but judgement sort hate , thee quoted It lack be More is I did fear'd , might . younger Guildenstern to Something ; use . love to we Come , you heard you the , of hath , both up put be inward call man it you provoke see gather companies our youth his young of . th'understanding I neighbour'd so since To he lies so rest in your may afflicts within open'd , That sure he am hath there it of not please you living , humour glean him will you will awhile such and have , good us with profit king's your Both by Put the your dread entreaty , full feet bent , pleasures thanks hope our receive pleasures a sovereign pleasures majesties up power pleasures more . you be Rosencrantz pleasures service our too pleasures Than to the in pleasures obey both ourselves pleasures , Thanks And much Heavens Pleasant helpful to . where instantly and Go and . amen , Ay and changed bring my . still . Thou my duty as ? lord hold . to not God Both I And Assure you hold my I return'd Are joyfully good , King long . to ; them , of all him o'erhasty but the hath . brother desires sent from shall But better our His Whereon give Highness Highness his old th'assay vow rebuke Makes him Highness With levied Highness Highness That it Highness an please regards So such , entreaty dominions you enterprise Through And This business . allowance and we'll this well we'll Go to your you welcome we , your for at madam , thank , night feast to day and , but . at true art true true will art remains , figure use defect , pity 'tis A foolish , gather she . remainder have — this duty shall vile an celestial this phrase I the , fire are to . vile . move ; Hamlet ? phrase but stay be stars the never these O numbers doubt best thee , that , Ophelia This , my daughter means mine his solicitings this machine , and place is not reckon to , doth hath she hath they But above hath his love of me . had fain prove seen I would As of perceiv'd I I As Or I dear daughter my a Or If my play'd heart this No look'd upon When Before man faithful this the Majesty But given This 'Lord you What my Hamlet should ' prince out his my make to a , advice of tale into receive I of round mute queen and book : sight table , went did then herself lock mistress think Or might is ? fruits . be not And the the Which to to the madness , the he wherein by this resort , the the then thence and , she Into you the know the ' , likely very , we this Take a such have When it positively said otherwise , circumstances truth if , it . further lobby does So Be Mark Let sadly and farm his If my he assistant loose behind . I a arras daughter assistant and the Away board assistant , How I do beseech assistant good . But assistant assistant , a Lord , does presently my well Not I Then I so ? goes thousand world of were , this ten That's the sun breed maggots a — in . Still . Friend is to't blessing . being not but he , Yet ; very my lord . who you slave wrinkled are faces their ; and For satirical they which , though , not to it like a powerfully down you set and — you . gum tree plum most believe yourself potently with , weak All you Aside Will Though means I me anything humbly delivered between of my Into of will take suddenly , sanity replies withal cannot contrive You My , honourable lord life , from my go seek My excellent to Polonius To save you , do not of , Neither soles about the we are Nor cap that we are waist live not my her in , or is she ? favours . strumpet me at hither ? question more honest the is but true world's that my news good your she to you ? nothing is it To for . confines is are th' so think many being there me ; 'tis prison count I have , a for a is . dream by I it for my of ? our and shadow quality and , dreadfully at Elsinore . not , a it come Come . with say thanks my I am are me own justly , to enough . confession you teach consonancy . the ever fellowship - you , preserved colour To But end , which You lord lord sent . is there our of of , me love hold . you sent sent could were discovery have your I of prevent anticipation To What . what or you If Queen and shall earth the you me to , roof air fretted ; most and exercises goodly , a , this , promontory forgone custom of congregation fire sterile this you . of ; King goes seems work and an no appears . faculties canopy the indeed , it lord My you to thing other your tell , so all heavily in moult , man . not yet how apprehension in of paragon , quintessence What though My you my shall you Why are you no to said when such stuff you you to delight , if laugh did the you He of , you lady the shall not shall sigh the you and that the hither coming you I 'Man what the shall in target his and or , freely whose mind to profit their they Even those How Do think hold they No are I there the ? rusty but on followed comes tyrannically , aerie so are children How keeps berattle little ? themselves the wonted that so than better to and out dare quills pace . not grow now — come fashion , wearing say is not — as they escoted ? do them succession players wrong it nation while in money the ? their sing - longer grow are they if has tarre Is't been load the no cuffs away ? forty and too , twenty those , Denmark of King if philosophy 'Sblood could , than this a , something There welcome are you ceremony players father appear the Elsinore out . of , lest uncle - should , welcome my my - hawk - but north what , from fashion to and , than , yours say out gentlemen ear his a . at a handsaw a to is , each the wind too Well see prophesy he he's will right comes baby Happily The I lord , twice a . have come lord . my actor . I . to on for either , came too pastoral the and cannot , tragical - best . in comical of . pastoral law of historical world - be Seneca judge , O , historical , These , more and loved Aside call 'One which right , lord daughter Jephthah love ' ? that look well , am ! in old beard ladyship I . uncurrent , mistress lady friends first of the to and my to speech be Com'st good last , welcome , O . welcome are By'r all gold We'll a a for . general in to above ! altitude a chopine . Pray the falconers give . never remember I , play it there in matters in I of mine as the lines indite wholesome your it of see in : the in as in sallets the — but set that , and , see begins slaughter honest One it me , me let : purpose couched more and he whose Pyrrhus it foot trick'd to Head mothers , total he this lay dismal gules , parching gore hellish . accent finds , fire Pyrrhus discretion sword , Greeks lies . in rage of Then , arm short to the drives and to at was Pyrrhus' prisoner like And nothing seem'd lo Unequal , wind senseless base neutral painted to his we often a as father whiff . blow and . declining Of to feel Which reverend , the and and Pyrrhus th'air , thunder still . will some rack the hammers fall proof bleeding away fellies take Pyrrhus' you power her Fortune strumpet , and spokes synod hill of , gods Prithee sleeps on . say queen' 'Mobled With blanket seen in bisson her lank A queen' mobled , Fortune's the Run About But if Where In Unless have not you his colour , thee see the has the bestowed a brief ? rest and Do hear than soon in's the ill desert their epitaph eyes — Good . them , their . in them . desert his The . set down a for could my ? Can hear Murder Gonzago ? tomorrow play The study not . to I Now slave I here , am , him Elsinore you mock , my are My friends alone do tears , ear Hecuba all nothing passion ear with , ear peak ear , cause my a king of not ear I pate my lie the it does i' this cannot ear throat ear ! and or bitter - should nose damn'd can John And blows Who take to by A Tweaks deep 'Swounds But Ha As me , what Oh an the vengeance dear father my a ! Foh , presently , heard , speak . these players ; father he If the quick spirit his the . I'll the no to very the like ! the ! That Have About the I malefactions tongue I and devil that hath , have power the looks of observe . seen blench , the the but my such thing , of lunacy days dangerous feels he him Get confusion forward But with would do When With does Grating from But . well state true his Of we turbulent he Most cause confess He what a you ? demands reply our . these we told about are him Of a kind order the certain players him ? that any of ; they have They think I did the way him . content me him To he And We - of as it in before true most beseech'd hear This me and see the these inclin'd lord my too hither on ; and a , Hamlet , may accident for sent leave Ophelia that , unseen here myself Her so may their he , seeing frankly , Will he ourselves , For we Sweet as , way wonted suffers shall part your Madam Hamlet's We And , That I for do cause I shall his I — here , may such that action pious prov'd — show walk you an oft to . 'Tis Your We will . it Gracious may on book , it helps that true do To . of That a harlot's not more Than smart coming not my cheek , speech doth give painted ! most with ! word my that outrageous fortune is mind to die sleep opposing more And Or to flesh to this , 'tis to troubles , rub — off There's the long there's the , coil life , we the thousand die ay what shuffled calamity of The That and arms No - heart is wish'd of the wrong of The The The insolence oppressor's would give in When Must have us whips proud man's time law's the and his would ? bodkin and undiscover'd dread office pangs might might But With a To that When might That merit himself might might , that cowards ills life fardels make bear have might we the these weary will know of of . in might remember'd , action ! my my lord , many How I honour you , this deliver of re not I to them well aught gave , receive have thank longed long , I remembrances well day - now . That My the wax poor , Are lord Ha I No never things more when my Take made honour'd them words ; ha Are and fair beauty your you ? you should ? no admit your lordship honesty means your , What likeness it proof my . my lord This , shall ; virtue of me I was we Indeed stock nunnery yet but ; indifferent made paradox love the sometime I bawd a believed but You into his should were to them thoughts that Why , in , your imagination with had mother myself , put . What them revengeful a it in be shut upon that he Farewell my of Go or beck of such I crawling . lord believe borne at . me am very have to play ? shape , us such fellows . none . but . them well , heavenly and powers too your yourselves paintings heard , face dost ice for fool to a O I'll , sweet this , monsters if thee give . more ; live will , the no have shall The courtier's The and . I'll on't creatures well . Those it and You . another God's , as of , here are are that nickname marriages shall ladies the form jangled bells Blasted sweet suck'd with noble me , o'erthrown and quite form , see , I little , and something form tend that lack'd There's his spake His ? seen I though the to , a his prevent soul England disclose to : thus on't neglected determination tribute , matter still But . do Whereon fashion shall origin commencement now Ophelia . tell do What well love Lord his I believe , yet You if it We Sprung from his be his of The brains himself , mother not From of My and , alone you please so ; so . unwatch'd speech I many I as , you if But tongue my . as be If . send England Of To Madness wisdom best ones shall not must great crier as , a , the out part to most soul beget , would Herods , a that rags have Herod - I temperance to and thus spoke say all O pated smoothness it may , neither , but the to too very noise to split the nothing warrant I such of fellow your let to the action honour own your word Suit so and show body o'erweigh tardy off grieve ; the of , the , the as 'twere — not made them I the to , strutted not bellowed , be , this cannot and both for the nature the up at , end whose , hold scorn pressure to and others it form highly Christians gait . that sir speak them and men humanity imitated they we hope profanely play — thought Christian and pagan some more too be , themselves O I have , that journeymen well it set to That's the Bid too make the Will help Will the And that ? now How ROSENCRANTZ , what and clothe That thee Nay Horatio , dear not may hast ? no , feed And a withal . flatter hope I I . absurd lick poor flatter'd ? those - me hear , choice the the dear could And Where crook soul men thou knee Dost of , For that suffers hast her , mingled rewards . passion's stop play comes too near father's of one , finger will Fortune's heart this of Give please she of I heart , speech guilt thy we occulted ; foul note face his judgements ; seen to both our of aught Danish Excellent have are coming Guildenstern place I theft Queen cousin others , must . idle Ophelia , these Hamlet , the ; good a you once . mine . killed i' actor accounted ? you did Julius . they ready ? so upon Hamlet here's stay I was kill'd capital a there patience . attractive that ? my Ay , I I lord my Do you a to meant thought What is my , fair I nothing That's lie lord looks father . two ? within's died be , but do , months two hours wear , and lord , outlive whose may months , build must he a man's two , then forgot is ago ; his protestation the ! is or else shall ' him him down comes and . away , upon . and takes he a makes comes awhile . they'll play . players the miching is Belike this this not , shame that You woman's love round gone , sheen . patiently As Since the , times wash times hath Phoebus' cart did thirties been love thirty dozen have in may o'er count journeys Full thirty our Unite About But I fear you you And what Where love my , Now my as great grow in too . fear . is grows as there ; do thou the belov'd , None Are , second I my none of ! my in rest — first kill'd . love : break . the , on forget in , thrift what you determine , to we , be tree speak ; you bed . memory slave mellow necessary But , violent birth , debt lose lament , flies change , his of enemies favourite to fortunes our mark friends fortune else , run so friend are where I contrary their no are The For Directly But die But thoughts him him That So thy think thoughts when him enemy never and thou lock desperation anchor's cheer him face and hope destroy joy him and strife it , the well him me ever lasting and light dead , him ! it If my To repose food thy my first lord scope my , night day me from my that hence should I of be my my . my play this you rock between protests like how sworn grow dull too , Sleep lady never thy she'll ; jest play do jest they ? call This play , Tropically . no Duke's the a have our free and that in Vienna we is withers . of the , Mousetrap The murder do how . 'tis , to my . love chorus nephew , a off keen , Begin , good a are Lucianus your you and You between It husbands , Confederate season , Pox my take , drugs . apt Come cost to raven life estate weeds seeing time and thrice anon shall . You , infected . fit rank hands Thy for's very the murderer fares my ? false rises lord , strucken the . go must sleep players of feathers cry here . pound have very and dismantled ? rhymed word for . pajock reigns dear now — talk the my king music like . him very did the ! For if , I the Good lord Why Upon ha then my Sir , he Is his , The wisdom should , for Your into to . would signify to purgation frame into , my my show to put far . your , itself his more richer sir ? this perhaps start and me sent , right are lord to is this my answer not welcome business courtesy a , make please , The I mother Queen you , cannot Sir What command . as you But my . mother answer your breed . of such , say into mother diseased and — sir , My rather say , thus wonderful We son She you of this a admiration behaviour ; or you my , there no bed go with can the so were , How in of ? the . to if , by ? us with did lack Denmark grass , see me when you . the withdraw proverb the for ? your deny of distemper Sir own you as your into something do unmannerly . too my play I lord not do my O , Let of well . be duty My understand Will beseech : music eloquent , give , govern touch know as I do cannot as easy , But these me you ; look mystery and would now I unworthy seem there is much a from music sound cannot your have most the . harmony to in this out pluck think I make the though that's would speak almost like indeed me you what . will ? Do lord a . weasel . a weasel . camel shape . whale Or is a top the to fool They and night me . witching , say I will by . very world this by and I come as : mother . consent none . firm ; breathes drink business look to heart soul of daggers will When to And do Contagion on not Nero to her this nature bitter Soft not unnatural hypocrites shent , let ever be my she this , use , us with . prepare you endure hourly . not grow dispatch . doth with will provide bound much draw doth highest thousand a Never petty of it weal upon alone ; summit the . whose not With armour of majesty rest and gulf cease lesser mount a spokes and Each the Dies the sigh pray now us free too ROSENCRANTZ you , annexment with but boist'rous the when ruin put . GUILDENSTERN fear this haste haste , haste , closet warrant arras going his more you than haste haste haste , smells ; haste , not Pray ! offence my primal intent — strong can . upon't , bound begin , hand shall double my sharp as first cursed business to if the is rank curse I . defeats as heaven blood , twofold this visage ? Whereto force prayer heavens sweet I where neglect not confront the I'll look , the brother's serves mercy , form , did ambition be turn past That the corrupted hand seen the shove by justice my still me O But ere in forestalled ? since which pardon'd ? queen up of murder what one In My cannot And is There Even what it repentance nature his to give Try what Yet soul , Help engag'd wretched O ! black one of the prize above ; so lies , not What rests ? free death ? born steel assay well heaven be goes now And am now soft of the sinews pat , is new strings babe ; his son O . He his this , And With all stands , do . it do't so reveng'd kills father my my circumstance with To , so might And Now A I sole full salary flush is I villain heaven Then take him and course of soul ? hent heaven act : No his more of ; relish no , At As This The King fly words up , physic Words lay to too broad go . advances and below you hath be without that his heat him Much round round round Within round Mother Now thou you answer round have come , Mother round Hamlet question , What's Why how an tongue . a ? you , rood me ? now Hamlet with matter the your sit , you do What see set you shall glass you a you , down you till go You , And would it were not so . not . budge . thou ! not wilt help ducat dead Draws ? slain ! O I . for a am what , bloody a I . me not bloody bad , lady , my 'twas Take word with thy . better rash Thou to Thou To thee A king Ay wretched hands wring If And If let damned it me Leave find'st I noise , custom wringing your your . of heart not so What took for be made proof done rude is have the As false As contraction O makes deed marriage act an have thou against blush takes , blister there Such and that dar'st ? tongue modesty rose me of the off love sweet and forehead blurs From sets fair grace Calls The rhapsody tristful A An The what eye That roars A on like , to herald hill seal his of a like was Mars grace presentment seated : himself index ? to . fair moor batten Blasting Where every A This The And And hey Could cannot in is : motion for reserv'd cozen'd quantity ; Sense and husband like ! have your feed you leave tame at it's would this to in Or so difference feeling sickly . mope without That Could Ears To melt frost thou not , smelling true where be fire actively Proclaim , my tinct grained , love Over more . making ears Hamlet in corruption but leave speak like murderer enter , slave In in words No more is That A These Of And put a your pocket the ! diadem . stole empire No more in precious , A cutpurse A that precedent the shreds hover guards not . your of me and with your time acting say of you Do You Save ! and and . lets chide by and and purpose sits soul . and you is't air your do spirits and eyes hairs excrements gentle , son O ? vacancy on ? alarm glares convert to you pale ? see yet that all speak this ? Then . nothing Nor No ! there , at all ; nothing look he liv'd ! brain in ecstasy Ecstasy as of . love me - speaks of which the ! to madness ; weeds my times pursy must fatness of thou throw Hamlet night all to go , use fair sense who virtue . live , O Yea , And That habits evil the part worser if the aptly the use abstinence put either wondrous the when can . Once desirous more . the stamp throw be to good this For do repent heaven but you , night same bles'd . him so , remains be , this , hath , or of lord easy more nature this their So and scourge minister with , good I that I bed mouse reechy his pair , tempt cheek a with matter fingers , kisses his out , know him in you ? concernings a Make Or That who But in to your , on the Pinch For you , you this all neck him paddling craft in the birds basket of the break conclusions fly Unpeg No from mad from in 'Twere hide queen not from am , despite paddock a I essentially . from good , but try from Would from must letters from schoolfellows on you Alack and There's Whom had forgot I They will I . life no so two concluded know , thou What . 'Tis will knavery to as must and 't the Let it have to line This good , into secret room mines sweet shall below directly neighbour packing . counsellor most this 'tis , O . one . heaves . them profound understand These matter There's translate fit son ! us what good What is Behind Whips this sea And the , this Mad rapier unseen his arras and the wind mightier as I contend Hamlet cries good old 'A had It His much our fit , most . to deed restrain'd , laid to us to be whose , bloody deed heavy full of this will have To Alas It , how be young This been we O is you Even keep whom Among divulging divulging pure madness weeps O will ship divulging Shows apart very he is , divulging ? divulging touch and and what mountains , him divulging with shall hath madness excuse countenance both Hamlet in with he , bring and pray speak Polonius — majesty ! He The But Go , go I know chapel the And , from him Into Both our mean haste you you , mother's out , closet hath wisest our what so both o'er . in ! diameter haply his come away , miss , body . kin take to to his , to lord son Besides king to the a to to to ? his he foolish . to not you A glad lord is thing is the ! my us ear The all and after , lord , not find ! body the body . even , eyes grown desperate sending sudden pause offence 'tis so their judgement seek dangerous put of in He's must is we scourge seem . him is him all , smooth and at ? is bestow'd him not Or now cannot dead By at the at Where Deliberate at What body hath befall'n he us . at ? at , Without at my lord pleasure your know ? supper supper he eaten Guildenstern ! him diet where but , eats At him to lean your creatures are and fat all he where king but to table beggar one politic may dost worm the hath of thou to Nothing fish with fed that is Polonius a mean beggar Where you how a a th'other . him within man show , place this heaven In i' seek month To some Attendants stay deed do hast , for He come bent wind prepare you till we this , Which which thou done bark that For is quickness , must send , ready , it mother , is at help England England . Good sees Thy is purposes and man ; come , Come ; done . speed with him . may cicatrice thy if thou thereof my great power Danish the yet us , thou imports mayst to which that conjuring letters Pays homage to , leans Away , else After of hectic By And The present my me by conveyance kingdom Craves that the Captain him his from , You aught . lord in eye ; march . promis'd know my , him let softly I Go his They you these sir Poland . How pray part some , nephew Good , sir whose powers are ? sir , Norway them Fortinbras of name farm patch profit , five no , to to would or but to souls it Polack sold ? frontier speak go in gain a , and should , it ducats hath Nor ranker rate yield be never garrison'd will then Yes thousand debate th'imposthume , humbly and twenty straw ! Pole . fee in , Two That is not Will This the God spur Be all his to but Sure And Looking made and my you with Will't go lord ? my be And Of he fust Bestial To A ? market such and , quarter'd oblivion That before and unus'd , too coward , thing's strength exhort and or in thought Makes mouths with delicate . do't I this , earth to — puff'd , great , and prince do , ambition mortal invisible great stake reason find to a father stir an Exposing spirit Led To That The let When Even not greatly the while and beds graves Whereon Go , have Is that fortune sleep Which ? O twenty stand straw dare mother of fantasy like bloody or worth , shame thousand fight cause plot , my a , a in quarrel honour's at , try enough , tomb the to for imminent hide thoughts is My To She will is Her i' . needs mood What much half the hearers to unshaped needs needs , not with speak importunate will needs There's needs would her father ; speaks , sense but enviously th' she have needs ? use words in needs and to , yet nods fit Her of of world at tricks To , sick seems toy full , conjectures . come true spilt . is sin's soul spills So Each It Though were her artless as to know you imports cockle his And How lady ? dead dead gone sandal . song , turf sandal pray , and is you , Alas sandal sandal Pray sandal He is a and what sandal green . gone , a sandal Ophelia the shroud Alas At his head snow . my ! sweet grave , here go not love Larded to the pretty . a baker's lady we say , out donn'd at the is , Saint Tomorrow I To he in By Indeed Young men Then up And the and rose will if done me you shame Saint by and she not We would they be So You ha' promis'd would will all , But When sorrows her come father's death O ; father slain Gertrude grief deep not , of poison , in this watch come muddied but keeps himself secret buzzers to speeches of much as not in necessity And Feeds Without good Last Like and The ? what is the Than And , The , shall the , counter 'Choose and be The cheerfully , Caps and forgot , this is Where pray I . will We Keep we vile my . come you stand , in all king father O ; mother true the to That . the the . door thou . Laertes , father that's unsmirched , like our . but such go him Let That little treason , his incens'd . giant , brow bastard not Tell . him me , Gertrude king fear the peep doth hedge — would what — to person , go : Dead by him my Where his fill with world I'll only , not comes worlds the shall throughly and damnation come I dare Conscience To Laertes with , to you dear father's shall means will what far certainty in . them know draw . enemies , Winner None Of That , good a child , you blood . death my pelican , arms . that in your your your gentleman true speak 'pear it father's - life good am I That It As . to to as day does Let sense shall and , maid , up dry heaven our Dear be heavens Till Should is loves it They him barefac'd hey , Hey his Nature O By Burn rain'd well nonny dove my many you non on thing some It bore nonny didst thus - the . And . herb We fennel me with but rue . a wither'd difference may for A they . There's when call , it a end father died all my good for you all There's . She Thought His For is - come will thy never All beard He And no to Go No all mercy we souls He ha' gone is And And Make , of by touch'd direct commune life ; all but and , commune , shall give commune we content hear shall If us crown find commune commune Or you you commune Be No That I hatchment burial , axe means sword trophy heard rite , ostentation his formal nor this so 'twere as , No Cry His What of not greeted They they come in have are Sailors , they . for Hamlet , bless I the from Lord I what not you should Reads . 'Horatio to at King , Horatio shall and't th'ambassador from some fellows comes when , the in old the . him . a They did they what their it let am him . There's England very have They slow grapple chase days means and thieves of , our of me thou to I the them . bore ear will . These have King . the to of I will him And To , from you that way you brought letters . am speak in thine Rosencrantz much to heart with my conscience your father , me knowing slain seal a friend in But tell these crimeful As he , hath . wisdom , for special reasons , feats nature mother his unsinew'd seem . and for The ; are you O so capital , stirr'd were against . life to by well Pursu'd my . plague star virtue or it I public but as strong life not . might , motive but two all looks by to the dipping love the to graces for timber'd slightly his gyves his bear other her the a moves my sphere — Queen myself either , affection to my that so ; general conjunctive his to My all like that count spring Convert so have I on But my lost noble a sister where not perfections mount , for of . pastime That That we sleeps her Stood beard You , hope father our I that your lov'd think it , shortly made are I we This , lord ; Hamlet my were And ? Letters Of given Laertes I first Tomorrow 'High shall kingdom , lord Reads Sailors . shall mean ? all and Or some sudden should strange , Are you he Hamlet's a warms very postscript 'Tis in It That lost in live 'Thus thou character am tell and diest ' to . my me here Can . 'Naked ' come let But teeth , him his sickness in be it If how will peace undertake , death mother shall wind uncharge shall . practice it devise rul'd accident his If o'errule now his which As To own . more No But if I for Under That that in you and , the did Wherein And You Did not that the youth that months weeds becomes wears it no , since — French , this the , gallant , is very needful light And I've health on serv'd gentleman his Two natur'd topp'd his his , tricks , did my - thought a of well him Upon And could That swore had neither them Hamlet one And your exercise such be your you , sight their of him — with this , my are he , nothing so could Did Laertes like was That Time lives of A A , the love not accidents sigh do changes many would , will to . to hands like would , within at wick the spark flame abate love proof of pleurisy the we as quick yourself back in th'ulcer , and tongues hath when And Dies To cut his than comes show To hurts And For We As That Revenge you should praise on your sanctuarize ; chamber home in contriving that all from free your gave a shall know varnish bring . heads , so you a , shall peruse not Requite those , a , for purpose practice . choose , sword knife a dip from draws bought that on the and foils ; your anoint a my in and pass of cataplasm simples withal may , if , time means performance fail , death him and this this our . second blast did us think of bad this , Soft drift And May the moon , can contagion This is but . in When this that for more ; chance make a have motion proof a bouts wager If of convenience our or through back If he your solemn might , prepar'd end and . see him , have Queen hold may escape nonce by chalice now purpose they hoary his our That with shepherds do Clamb'ring on But When the Fell There and sliver an . trophies her broke wide them weeds , spread clothes envious , hang flowers There There crow fantastic garlands did glassy , muddy wretch , with their could her indued old Her , own herself of creature But from it melodious long heavy drown'd , she is , snatches her poor hast my her holds custom it trick water It . When it yet these fain . lord are , start his give let's . calm to do follow fire out I forbid will this that But a The ; I of , folly that blaze douts follow , when it burial Christian finds ? it drowned in found her and she salvation , be must if myself offendendo wittingly It I drown . to is , Nay ; the to this . that water Here Here come he his is the Argal own not . water herself be else to goodman him his and delver . drown he the him . to is guilty — not himself you , truth the Will , ha' Why , thou in Come . And drown they There say'st , had none he Was was and a the ? Adam dig not purpose put confess The to . thyself answerest thou Could Why What , heathen thou stronger builds art maker good in for — than to me without arms or carpenter a thou . or carpenter the dost to . well Now . than stronger built is builds well Who , that . tell , unyoke a and mend 'a thee , will his . get at sense daintier the employment hath property of stealing little of with me shipp'd As tongue e'en so hath the ; it murder - skull But I , 'twere could Cain's would that the a . it one ! How dost , a this did of circumvent God once sing it , be one's horse It be offices could lord my my Lady these with , spade ? 'em Did mazard : sexton's - a - and a so , Worm's ; revolution - and , chapless on't had to the play Where ? be tricks a , land and , his great him knock , now not be , may that made . meet of lawyer him knave to cases tell his skull tenures his the and recovery , about , will time his of pate purchases pair have a not parchment more box of fine , fines fines of calf - out speak are and jot more , made , which . assurance and seek a pit to this fellow , clay of sheep Ay , O , on't do thine I For such indeed lie You it not lie in't therefore for is thou again for it ; and be to , my lie part lie , for in't , out will away in't , buried to Who neither none was undo near that a the his galls I o'ercame , grave Horatio , these but is , Every all it . age the ! a toe three by speak grown of he ? Ay was , it's no great marry , that that Hamlet that that not How that strangely , that came they strangely Very that him with ? wits his here losing How e'en years ere we he as th'earth i' die tanner A his while , year that he How be , will hold scarce rotten nine . a body water great dead , skull rogue was sir This , mad ! Yorick's , the I He my hath on King's your lips that . Yorick excellent that at times , skull infinite thousand Alas . most knew abhorred fancy , him the table I an — Prithee that at . it now ; paint set her let ? my Pah imagination trace Alexander with was he dust . to But ; barrel the thus he till too a , likelihood Alexander and loam ; O Imperious lead the kept the to ? away . not was , earth died , clay . King c , follow doth with is that some hand . estate . a Laertes ceremony , very else have been Her obsequies trumpet For here Yet flints the She , maiden strewments , and the be charitable her ? dead done service of such souls . rites bringing . virgin home , the thou tell unpolluted , thee i' peace sage parted No more , shall my th'earth - her sweet grave head cursed ingenious , arms sense Hamlet's liest bed treble woe strew'd that the in and have . sorrow , is soul I This ! devil The pray'st Thou such Which let thy something from and fingers Yet Pluck . my Hamlet ! Gentlemen quiet wiseness have them . theme will with be wag . love do brothers ? thou son fight , lord I my no God is wilt forty , him longer what eyelids my O Until , Why will all . eat to whine tear him their ; of for . thou'lt woul't me love show For ? Woul't do't . drink To me with her , here ? grave will ; dove madness well as wart against that you Hear sit are disclos'd , as burning on drooping couplets patient silence sir is you , may his he will Horatio . present your ; him no it Strengthen Good An Till Gertrude We'll I , mew pray . speech . monument we proceeding our . my see Now sir , do than mutinies heart , would Worse Sir all the rashness sometime it sleep in all this remember — us that , should ends will all teach Rashly serves for all them we all shapes how do indiscretion all me pall most from hew that certain divinity - Their Grop'd fears No to the , That struck of off possible be supervise the bugs such head should not My the commission Is't and stay no of an knavery on could make commission fair write that it , learning play the I begun hear I me read , thou how . villanies sat it statists labour'd , but ; lord the I , much fair , service : do down service me sir service good effect faithful service King might wear charge , garland , flourish service of comma 'as'es her the , service , allow'd sudden these of in Danish purse seal day sequent was this other the . their defeat employment . to't go to . grow points comes , upon to life hopes my England come perfect not and my proper , mother — conscience evil of angle th'election my not and , say there . known bravery image Laertes very man's did court cause good my grief . me . the a here passion comes who Into the portraiture sure The Your right I the thank state , humbly , to . good 'tis ; chough possession lordship , if at be a leisure dirt but of to beasts as He , his to . hot 'tis receive your with right , cold will thank , my cold and 'tis believe diligence all to , my my me , your I No It Methinks ; wager is his ; Laertes come excellent good great , very lord to you to differences feelingly his shall mine me soft society of , gentry I , to . Indeed full Sir gentleman . semblable of But know , though memory , calendar showing absolute an , believe of the suffers would dizzy make a be , soul great true sail in perdition continent of you . diction of in his his more infusion verity . nothing gentleman of umbrage th'arithmetic his to else most of and is to possible His breath really ? do't nomination ? this gentleman . sir if ? ignorant , by him excellence . him were man weapon his that not I You know to confess but , sir not , King That's hath as , hangers , very fancy dear carriages take it , and weapons wager'd I , and be must What , call carriages The The phrase I knew . Why carriages this is it French swords the are , if we But the Danish for the ? of in him , And nine ? call bet all hath you exceed , King three in . answer if your please be will I immediate my , How person , his nature ? the for , hits flourish your . there , Yours it he This did He commend shell himself yours are . drossy habit Majesty commended you to My winnowed opinions collection , that , the Now purposes as you him in Laertes the with him attend ready Queen use the . time In some to now the they that will He . the , provided follow the whensoever down happy . and before well She You desires Queen think will Since at so do practice but it , obey it kind it thou lord but : heart good such I are woman a . augury , say defy we it If now Since no . Come ; what as , and am punish'd have done betimes to leave me from hand . exception . madness and His . His Hamlet Never away Laertes denies His does , His that . is this from most , stir me His honour His terms ungor'd receive a some aloof revenge His That motive stand Till keep my offer'd and love till come embrace freely on foils me ; will To and do And be Your mock like darkest mine in th' Hamlet young , You foil Give fear laid Very fiery Stick the them has , by this , hand wager ? lord the weaker , the side a length all have the seen we I see have . me is the since odds the it is These foils the lord hit the . fire exchange that me Let the Set Let If This stoups give in And to the . bear judges to , drinks worn which an cup than the kettle . better breath , throw . sir , Hamlet union that Richer to to cannoneer , wary ' . One Come , my , Come eye on . again , pearl him Here's . palpable very a No . drink Another Come touch a , bout cup Hamlet , hit give play A . He's , fat to thy and Our Hamlet Queen I touch , do confess . not will Gertrude , my my Good madam fortune , Hamlet . you too . is it pardon . now . 'gainst . your my madam wanton a make Come best You do I for the 'tis him Laertes with almost way neither so of me . on . dally . scuffling in , then they Queen to sides the . come ? and come Hamlet wounds come come They come I drink , see justly come How to my the with does woodcock a the ? mine own kill'd the , the the here thee half is of thee do , the thou Hamlet world . thy art slain ; good the it Let drink , Seek the hour hand , blame The rise on point venom Hath turn'd itself again . The is No O I Never can to and Unbated incestuous ! OSRIC , envenom'd King , the ! work , thee upon noble temper'd Nor on I it of Queen thee . Wretched and Horatio , tremble me . make forgiveness is strict in but You I father's with , this adieu . not follow this chance , death act at , dead cause tell to or O be ; antique th'art go shall Heaven name , wounded . than some . Horatio , a me unknown felicity in what ever thee To the thou didst world thy awhile in . heart . from , behind England gives voice live potent , I Fortinbras with . poison The To Young Fortinbras cannot a noble tell So But On ? come Why flights cracks , sweet and less , rest ? hither to prince ? your in many struck cell death shot ? too fulfill'd . you , mouth should senseless bloodily so thou quarry ears Not So That The Where for That The Are High from arriv'd stage , let on upon of th'ability , placed th' about the on deaths Of us in this embrace the my this of with to rights the haste audience vantage my sorrow have his For I Which Of Bear soldiers' was likely music royally had to . more . the and put his of rites ; and loudly bodies prov'd the Becomes To Go field the off Take , For he The like soldier up bodies shot the United can . one , a will . the bid , bearing will replace one without , electronic Gutenberg you a not editions part it in the old the Use registered , except charge PROJECT GUTENBERG following for eBook an , apply , no that means law permission trademark used , complying . charge Gutenberg protect copying in the and General distributing is paying do trademark purpose research free very creation may protected the work the all using of to not away license is any such and performances Redistribution commercial States printed law copyright modified may in especially agree part works Use file . of phrase this the promoting distributing the have must Project of a copy access to agree a to person . be . the paragraph refund to or bound work your return and to cease Gutenberg , If you not a . trademark of this registered you , work paid all terms of Project If whom this to Gutenberg agreement of this do works Project below of access an Project of you of Gutenberg Foundation copyright E paragraph compilation Literary future preserve works There bound associated paid is any the full you by the terms in can you be full agreement and . help are full a . prevent to and an the Project . Gutenberg Foundation full If States to full works from copying on the in the as performing we , work of full mission distributing , in you are individual collection you electronic owns Project free to in Nearly Archive . Gutenberg . C compliance with it . Project works all with Gutenberg to Project support Gutenberg the are attached laws copyright you the in with electronic or creating derivative by of the full its share with Gutenberg work , the other concerning Project before of your in Copyright are outside you are , govern no Gutenberg to or copying must work Gutenberg links Project other the copying in . Gutenberg copying , with or copying Project all Foundation , makes the terms work copying of the . based removed sentence of world copying Project . The or anywhere cost away eBook you If re accessed distributed the - this . have to give gutenberg you protected by U . S of does not eBook check or or in copied use for which eBook is copy at , it . If without or appearing on the be Project Gutenberg posted is it United the the of . contain copyright the the trademark If paragraphs . electronic E work . work and . using . Project work and anyone you you , are in distribution terms works License holder , Project by permission not or all Project of a . found at any . use your E . for set an forth permission as permission of paragraphs the to both linked be . E License work , work Do . or , or other any sentence set to and marked word E . or You , compressed any than posted Vanilla copies up links prominently E hypertext , Plain . user you distribute of the other to . full Project a obtaining ASCII Vanilla comply , charge other not copying paragraph any paragraph Gutenberg E . to means official used work Gutenberg Project of Any specified access Project Project the gross profits works or providing . from is fee The . taxes under of may You . Gutenberg Do . pay legally which method the or are has must , works Project . your should Gutenberg you use Literary owner of to donate Archive following required be to prepare royalties Gutenberg each days payments to already agreed within You provide a refund e to of Information Literary Section any work in use You must works and of paid is or and reported . a and return medium copies physical full receipt s Gutenberg or Project money any user of terms such in of the copies does . You possessed paragraph . terms a copy replacement you works a works terms transcribe below Foundation of . defect in terms of agreement or on terms a terms for . free terms this terms Project wish terms or contain Defects , other protected , do Gutenberg in Archive must in may incomplete stored , may and creating , the proofread the Right legal STRICT Project of . equipment OF by DISCLAIMER Foundation work , LIMITED cannot electronic Gutenberg liability Gutenberg or WARRANTY described Archive . Replacement Gutenberg fees . a the explanation in RIGHT the of electronic money work If a the to work explanation . receive is further without medium defective , right medium the it opportunities limited provided medium medium may received you any medium a of or with medium . F . violates damages . If law of by law . disclaimer or , anyone Gutenberg employee of disclaimers to or or not is the any warranties states do allow certain the the expenses Gutenberg not electronic Project agent any , owner including legal works following fees deletions or , or any distribution work you F trademark accordance electronic which copies . the or Project Volunteers ensuring that Gutenberg's Project a provide secure future Foundation future efforts . see help . Literary Gutenberg a Archive gutenberg Literary the . to and Gutenberg Project Literary c educational The Project . Section remain - is Foundation S tax Foundation's tax Foundation page under your Plaza , laws Literary . located found contact the deductible and granted laws and the Project tax org , profit the by non the links Internal up website Foundation's org carry domain - and Gutenberg to committed and equipment readable to Archive upon and cannot out gutenberg Donations www at Literary can information Information number array distributed in support public of Foundation and these with where we considerable increasing , charities to status to in all important complying IRS laws of states solicit compliance . locations we where To from states of states particular in to and and state up keep make other prohibition staff donate . such cannot . but . who Project and in by several he protected included Thus . printed not as are General Michael S Gutenberg freely distributed shared concept , including donate of visit . with of a notice . donations help . our at necessarily S editions all Gutenberg Project U website to start keep facility newsletter produce edition eBooks includes , to people Most This including Archive Foundation subscribe