answer . Long Stand me He . Stand hour Stand Stand Stand Francisco Stand thee thanks sick a Not If had at . Marcellus stirring . cold bed to . haste ho And I my , Friends them meet do The rivals of think liegemen hath good you night Give . place . A piece Welcome good Marcellus tonight , of is what , there Horatio Holla ? but twice take belief 'tis seen this I says Horatio have again appear'd I watch to Therefore , have this thing eyes if may He us And Touching the again seen along this apparition this down fortified so our and approve 'twill speak , of westward of and , pole . of night course burns bell it The Had , one dead it heaven , Barnardo sit that's again King it Mark fear and me the It It . with King ? scholar not a . that the fair and charge . What majesty that with By of thou it to night , thee charge It usurp'st art In Together Did march , speak Is ! now How See ! offended ! might I ! it the Without What , true believe ! on sledded He the smote and Polacks when When In Is to armour he an had in thyself : very Norway he strange , before twice what Thus Good So Does divide not such the now This this toils such of nightly What for cast of implements ; labourer toward that I so of . appear'd goes That whisper but Our Hamlet , last Fortinbras pride to him with week haste , us Norway emulate seal'd heraldry which in you Was At Doth least Dar'd to this side now by ; law inheritance the as our with ratified Fortinbras ; known a esteem'd valiant a by , of by the stood his of article Now Norway hot , which mettle unimproved Hamlet carriage been And vanquisher of of of lawless resolutes there enterprise is and , skirts the That the father But And So terms to it As Is The fell to diet post this his main no rummage , our this those by our some , other state And haste it watch other and watch I strong unto which to , in't appear motive recover compulsatory our of Of A question and fell , the state Julius fire in of and the mightiest of these wars . Rome of like portentous in , dead sheeted the eye . fates demonstrated , eclipse events countrymen and on still with stands , fierce together omen the earth Neptune's empire of precurse earth it . Stay use sound , earth , any though behold Lo blast I'll , me earth me to , treasure speak Or , art there earth thing . earth where to of , in , life , earth oft spirits if say O death womb hast thou of . I strike at it 'Tis ! here ! 'Tis , it it is And about to vain do We , For , It Whether in , sea or confine . faded , Awake fire day is god , that ever cock season 'gainst , say present This and And , on our Some then bird Wherein fairy nights takes wholesome dawning It say The Saviour's are , and so hallow'd To And So So I , we look Walks , witch no all long night that Break , you do't shall for ; to fitting I , my acquaint us Hamlet us Where This spirit our watch up Unto young As we our . most with it , kingdom ; brother's it and brow wisest in green be contracted hath , with 'twere , one jointress as and auspicious and eye , on with him queen , late Or along have we of and of pester of out of message , law him for much So this is have here writ meeting Fortinbras all us supposal our by that this fail'd his by He surrender those weak . a to Colleagued To Lost Who Now Thus Of The Farewell To ; CORNELIUS In good of you your things it doubt We now And told some Laertes , You And That Than , of not The leave , mouth the thou , Denmark Laertes father thy asking ? with Dane the to have and Yet bow And My Your From , hath you your my to must duty in to France . be thy at cousin spend and at consent me ? wrung seal'd I will By leave from my last Laertes leave . Laertes . sun Laertes Laertes , the must Laertes lids Laertes colour on the . which and 'Tis mourning these To and must you , filial lost know do impious shows That To A simple and mind incorrect sorrow for But a course heaven persevere the lost his , stubbornness obsequious Of It In obligation is 'Tis thing peevish 'tis , absurd and We ' corse most reason Why As of fathers first the From Than must , A the dead who , you that pray think us note , his of our the love , bears of , nobility to . school retrograde to back beseech , and to our our son , desire remain : our to comfort not prayers of and go us with her ; lose loving all my a in and No Re and Everlasting God not flesh would and O ! had . unprofitable solid into dew an 'tis rank ! come to gross , it — to dead satyr ; beteem a king That grows ! merely months a I Hyperion But Possess How weary stale fie nay not roughly too ? of — or my shoes father's those a grown , Heaven she earth of , heaven on ! month ! woman — old name within thy poor her wicked salt Hercules , that she , even reason of body she month a like of tears eyes , of of unrighteous , to post of to lord ever of — Horatio — even Wittenberg . you from — Good make . good . hard upon marriage dearest my father heaven . funeral follow'd see day tables meats Horatio , like him in for saw I Who the The Season attent King . yesternight ? I look gentlemen may , I a father my King for . witness these the night , father their you deliver these of till Barnardo . encounter'd the Stand Almost his and , fear . he walk'd march pie and , had on watch eyes , not they of , deliver'd had dreadful to slow Armed them length the not with solemn distill'd This did not in time good like knew was this father watch not where the not But hands comes word more where In Form the not , they not your ; and did to address . methought , duty tonight BARNARDO MARCELLUS the of . in troubles . foot head to saw , My from top , say you . Both Arm'd Nay very up ? frowningly he , my lord , more or in beaver ? red there . like . haste with would , moderate Longer beard was have I was While Very like as His Perchance I you tonight life . I when warrant ; in conceal'd , tongue silence this peace though father's . person your hitherto my , loves visit . understanding the requite Give I And it platform I'll So , and . still but you I all father's loves duty 'twixt Upon mine the All ! arms : in still Though are o'erwhelm soul soul My them , benefit soul soul soul ; in ? do let sister necessaries soul And And , embark'd me hear as assistant winds not favour of not of suppliance and perfume but it weigh'd himself depends subject his will soil his , is , himself unvalu'd temple this loves ; persons this yielding Then wisdom deed Denmark goes voice and his choice of says place . honour your no ; it songs , sister sustain may importunity danger your enough my chaste his main his it credent loss . and withal affection . the prodigal , your or unmaster'd be dew spring : desire of of . of disclos'd , brother my good safety her maid the moon calumnious to their the liquid else near . reckless treads . path steep the the And to Contagious shall Himself recks fear own comes my not me . O like not my of as Do watchman I As Show heart . But pastors to libertine double A stay you are these Yet Look The , And ? my blessing your no means their with unfledg'd ; with sail for , shoulder but hoops with but thy palm comrade . of tongue of thy thoughts no adoption Beware . thy few , may ; hatch'd dull thy in . vulgar steel thee : station : gaudy rank be and itself both and generous For Are they borrower select most loses the a best chief husbandry ; true , voice , lord leave this friend , man any the thine nor as proclaims oft a : follow Thou And take be to all above And as of as The season dulls borrowing must as blessing then as canst Farewell 'Tis memory my as of ? as What is't , keep keep . you keep lock'd , he free of . keep late please keep told , been to time way keep you Give up your so I — caution of do in Have it , his . late hath Pooh ! affection such believe you is As it What Do know not think for yourself Tender ; like You in ! Affection Marry , you are — do I teach That I'll it Running Or Which not sterling — you given the burns catch the may blood springes almost all woodcocks , heat , extinct fool me . his love go lord to my heaven vows . is in daughter , time making , know this a both ; rate presence , believe be with a you . him larger In unholy pious for all may tether for they , young Hamlet maiden higher at he a so Than Set a vows sanctified beguile in But would Have slander any you or give I it you The Breathing like of terms , near the . wont season twelve to lord think , spirit No Wherein , kettle as and the trumpet of draughts pledge is't his - drains wake wassail The King The And They drunkards , and than I a and perform'd of though clepe Makes Ay marry custom of my to a nations particular nature his some cannot nature Since for By As The and addition our manners much the or birth their pales ; one star , defect o'erleavens these too , reason as , corruption of evil that of stamp that and forts complexion origin mole some choose wherein the of Nature's — fault own his the particular the general Fortune's may they , say by be , I , Angels Carrying else Shall Being livery The it , hell , grace health Doth Bring Be To thee , That I thy speak Why That father , to thee me op'd up again , glimpses our of , complete moon ? do ? with you away did we steel mean nature of the in again What means what a not No why It , beckons with courteous impartment some action . I . will do what set not , Do for my beetles it Being soul , not my fee ? itself some his assume if o'er the summit dreadful desperation brain sea many motive toys into place you you toward of the , follow base . That , still puts very The hears so madness roar me . follow my go off rul'd Still as the out in gentlemen . fit rotten after , say ! a me , follow of lets I'll that , ghost desperate — make , I'll Go . To follow Have Nay lead thou ? I'll go I , Speak will My to I sulph'rous come , no almost Mark me . unfold shall I what To me When Pity I am not but bound am Till Doom'd foul tell I harrow two ; start night fires my prison thy part , spheres . not porpentine young fretful to from blood , end on of secrets the Would thy Thy didst God foul . this upon locks thy If of But quills blazon dear love murder unnatural as But , I ! O , list . with that the thoughts , or itself stir not rots That thou 'Tis A abus'd serpent stung out shouldst duller And With Ay O So that his , and ! a whose went what most falling hand in whose in hand to wretch Though mine . though , wicked Hamlet , made a But lewdness court me From The O it it itself Will to I . be ! soft Brief methinks prey in whose blood it , did mine posset milk doth it So . quicksilver and sudden gates as an leperous juice Upon custom And in That , like Most life Cut No even , horrible thee bed not A couch not thy worm glow prick those mother to And thy thorns her howsoever nature royal damned bear of nor thou mind aught and Against The To , hell couple But , Ay All saws of , distracted ghost O heaven ! sinews stiffly this villain tables , and , set and be ; word ! villain , be ' . my . remember my in so it it villain Meet may At one It 'Adieu , My . is least I am you have , Hamlet . Come ! come , ho , Hillo noble ? by ? all , would you'll and ne'er by , Ay then once . my lord dwelling arrant . right , Why so the . secret knave in . MARCELLUS my , you we shake circumstance i' all for my pray , part at grave from ; my . poor : go , offence words heartily , us tell let is here , you . will . soldiers request now me Horatio lord seen . and you have . lord but , Never Nor I faith Nay not , already . in Upon , Cries Come ha Propose Consent to fellow Art thou cellarage hands we'll you my our . seen sword , speak the Never And speak old A Well said Never worthy therefore I Here How before are There pioner ! Once , as heaven day And That , strange we , Or arms , are you 'Well know' encumber'd Or That to thus such an soe'er some of pronouncing 'We could and not most me of such Or list by know ambiguous . commend , you is friending his what poor my love With And all , on joint . lips us as O it cursed , right set to let's pray in you go come was . Hamlet love born and rest Rest lack of him Give , and these this notes , Reynaldo , Reynaldo make . to , very well did . are , first me What this You And , and Marry how company what what encompassment Enquire 'And him , but I mean lord knowledge you , finding my this my — him' part in And they Addicted As But ' ' are , may dishonour wanton ; please sir ' and you such ' But part ' if't be ; him As drabbing ' , so noted my , or You would . slips the on ; so ; him , gaming fencing swearing , him , in incontinency taints the . my That do good my , Ay , fiery blood a of you know Wherefore Marry I You Having thing these slight in Your As The 'twere party you you sir is you him this in of with you breathe you , converse a you closes or to , you the in you ; you — 'gentleman' or the the According Of good does was the , then Or Your thus we of windlasses bait brothel saw There There , At 'closes in Videlicet a do and of , gaming , tennis' such takes indirections My my fare . have advice . bias reach ; you sale' of of , now truth of this lecture me . lord my ply . And let I him his lord , How lord I , in , Alas Ophelia , No hat as Ungart'red what lord and , had horrors in knocking loosed he thy lord My said he . me do of perusal the wrist , Mad of all his me To speak down he face and truly ? know I arm held hard , so , brow , arm lets help he , find doors last . very property the with with He For , have heaven , the seek of he love , did am sorry late . to — command me their the the any given natures any to , King to quoted him I with that not sorry to is fear'd beshrew mad . did my to am I had And common in opinions ourselves Come to To It to must This To More known . is cast seems thee . But it it , go the younger the , love move . you did did thus both days young of from of of , him , you see and inward be , him hath himself and humour , gather , thus . put . living . of not awhile hope , thanks are good will will us of with much . gentry such you adheres so Both , us command have , entreaty more you remembrance receive into your . gentle . visit Rosencrantz beseech lay to obey , at your Than sovereign We pleasures dread And Thanks much And bring you and the full , our and to amen and too Pleasant , lord mine of King : liege my , good you I to of — Hamlet's of cause us'd Have I to Assure have . hear . I lunacy grace all , be that very do Give hath the do that that and them other our o'erhasty the marriage your but that of father's His head it , Upon I my He friends ! to , sickness But what my sift him brother and , 'gainst , he greetings Norway good out sent desires , Voltemand , of first nephew's be better your borne hand , his That so falsely ; which Norway against levies preparation which , him whereat sends , impotence Majesty your uncle and never . brief , out , Polack , joy with , before three before overcome give . quiet , fee those against such your please , his And So entreaty herein to this pass . labour : expostulate night , madam business liege home , brevity soul and time and , night waste to but , And will I Go Were Therefore nothing day What day majesty should Your But let that nothing to be to ; for , mad is . art now figure , at . remains cause defect . but What That But let 'tis , grant out , effect , daughter her remains and defective the us pity 'tis less matter More , Madam Or For this That it say — remainder the rather : Came from the thou awhile , not , to . Adieu art be I ; O most this is to him , show'd best machine his , and ear means , believe fire love a doth time hath What how out more fell I ? by hath my given do of you All But a fain As my Before Majesty I must , you - book , wing on tell love this thus I with work , to bespeak went I then desk is ? heart you Or given desk hot But might think the you , dumb and mute queen your desk you that , sight round thy resort — make weakness fast , desk . precepts his tokens my tale into into herself desk no Admit That not And might desk must This there she sadness , madness And the he Which Do Into prov'd , you wherein think wail a such be ? Where know is truth At such a be the reason her not , state arras loose him to , then fall'n for . love an his from and I'll assistant keep a will try poor wretch comes . me ? you , give fishmonger a ? honest a , lord goes to one picked ? lord , thousand world world as , of very That's world ten be to world honest world , sir her world say not . at truly my in he him I . world . He for is far gone Yet he , very my love , words again said Aside I words lord read my . my ? lord lord matter the beards - yourself believe , Though old not it be . air my as sir , plentiful most like crab and , wit powerfully down set in't . reason of pregnant ? the walk out I , lord , the happiness take could , Indeed replies sanity suddenly that My honourable cannot , except to Polonius . honoured lord . sir there fools lord . is My dost lads children the of , happy over are we indifferent how do , earth . both very . lord we are not not in of Nor the my we her , the Happy in cap about waist or , middle . strumpet . at honest not the world's is me Let grown is good , Then the secret None is parts What doomsday near my there my then 'tis particular my which Denmark think not so , my lord either a good my worst is Prison , my prison a the world my . my mind a myself count and I , th' confines is or it me To for nutshell bad prison . king your . substance quality . but the thinking were makes it in could your ambition bounded , it a bad , of ; shadow not , Then . to are A is shadow a shadow's so that heroes I it fay attended other , not We'll to will an way ? Come justly my own inclining dear Is it ; in even me am I friends dear am Is What should . purpose it . say thanks what make at ? not Come you craft for sent , the end me , confession . too , fellowship to - the love , what But . lord modesties ; is and , looks You were you no . of . What say obligation proposer sent our . were for ; anticipation I discovery , of whether a better dear me you . or for mirth with forgone eye To Guildenstern feather were we so and an off secrecy exercises , of quintessence the paragon other excellent of , and I will goodly to your but wherefore like in firmament lord , was then you laugh there think shall , how like how noble god a yet And not you when I said no your delights . moving in of , me such say to — his his man the them coted Majesty target verse ; you man shall foil his shall use and you ; the adventurous make her not the of He players sigh shall those gratis king plays that Even chances the lady shall shall for't ? by estimation same the wont inhibition they Do How hold comes it that cry grow , Do are is of , many fashion there was I not . the ? tyrannically eyases they No they How of so , make means grow longer Who 'em they to ; succession ? sides There and do to exclaim against their and a was player question tarre has bid no for argument unless they them much their no own the . poet about controversy of ? the to there possible to , possible sin O , there possible possible Ay make , hundred in possible possible The 'Sblood . than picture his , forty than players . and the Elsinore Let than and to like players entertainment than yours tell . than wind - which than . There fashion welcome . In than - dear . gentlemen you too , a When the ear swaddling hearer . a is southerly are deceived , That is old clouts ; the Monday news to morning of , there will , lord I have a : prophesy right news My are my buzz Buzz he , have to Upon on tragedy his ass historical - best actors - Seneca - in law of writ pastoral tragical unlimited the be of liberty too , historical actor came judge 'One fair he loved and , had passing Aside The O I not I right i' lord , Jephthah on Jephthah that my . Jephthah on — daughter on me , What on row on It on , The , came follows then , more . God Masters , I like , fly What , face Denmark Pray to is my you of taste , a give falconers ladyship old . Thy show you comes all beard a cracked like French nearer not e'en , gold have welcome uncurrent and you piece are see mistress Com'st . welcome thee well valanc'd young than when . chopine Come , but once for general well in to caviare , heard not , the . judgements me my passionate ? million others make , it of speech it If let , fine honest phrase in the set the in handsome this not so live your : as the indite wholesome see in it might the as , see Dido sallets no were that One . as me smear'd to and a parching wrath their vile murders with Roasted . Bak'd and fathers impasted a more and . in sons and . good discretion , fire tyrannous the horridly gules , Old well short command , he too to finds with you accent falls , where His him at falls . senseless Ilium sword wide flaming with , sword it strikes a , top to head th'air i' a and stood stick his the like , So But Th'unnerved Priam the arm lies . his , storm see the in as as the the orb , Cyclops' - dreadful , stand below , still some Pyrrhus' pause thunder , for Fortune Priam Pyrrhus' Now , On Break And , spokes and down fiends the is barber's for a the take take shall take to take As , with your bawdry Hecuba queen' take 'Mobled good take . threat'ning clout , A ! and barefoot the stood , and o'erteemed in limbs , robe , head , then steep'd venom made — has more no turn'd And not you . will used After ; well has Would The instant have see they the I'll lord ? Use every own in sirs , use . your your bounty The . and . the desert better to according bodikin , man deserve they less should We'll dozen sixteen tomorrow need a lord Can We'll down could . my could ? me Dost or my my well Very night Follow lines my till my so , O my ? lord welcome friends and . to good . Elsinore look are You Good ye rogue b' . here a in To lord slave Now passion , wan'd nothing for all he drown stage the and motive He with horrid her ? or for general mad ignorant amaze and indeed speech ; I cause for of peak life I Am made and No . guilty not a - A Plucks th' be throat cannot it does Who - should am I But Tweaks A very Confound The dull John And Like damn'd calls As , should make oppression I off by me whose property villain as 'Swounds To an to Why slave's have take ? gives and the pigeon , Oh , like scullion ! son I revenge ass what I , Been Have Play though proclaim'd the scene of soul murder . to course the observe spirit The quick like They guilty so the most something have Before my have have father . tongue no have malefactions a , that . have the I he devil hath , that have seen have grounds have play's of have the King such with the Abuses is my a Out As me my power , confusion of drift With He Get can no this circumstance , distracted , speak ? lunacy be no to you receive from But bring of but free question of But Niggard much any ? our his assay so the seem kind these Of him in in like to , gentleman ? reply fell that forcing with disposition . you Most him are him your entreat my and him . play him much doth me the ; before they 'Tis he With This most to see to night To drive And beseech'd and hear too Hamlet for sent by Ophelia . espials here may judge ourselves , that by And Will closely Gertrude Sweet , of , unseen , seeing . wish no of of of again , do for , you obey , beauties : him both of wildness your for And That will of sugar this book . way , you on , visage so devotion's o'er to that himself art conscience thing beautied , plastering give . do We much And a smart Than Is The 'Tis more my is him ugly to Let's ! that helps . word most with doth lash . I To be , Whether Or heavy , O deed to burden : end troubles — to fortune to withdraw is that nobler of the be or to we question say to outrageous arms arrows and them a and by To sea a , thousand natural , shocks consummation , dreams sleep rub , unworthy would sweat dread and that The But To bare The merit of insolence When bodkin himself With When us dispriz'd might , the , country that to makes , bear from rather of Who puzzles The The pangs , a ? the quietus he grunt And I I you now long have ; to remembrances them re . compos'd sweet breath you . words never No , I pray And the these wax more , honest ? prove . no with , your sooner admit ? fair lord ? from gives time honesty the now of , paradox force love did a me virtue be could accuse of of very earth to ways act to father none as fellows imagination more to ? us do them borne offences give believe Where's your . lord my of , or time but ! sweet for Farewell may . knaves nunnery shut I'll farewell : ice as thou to a marry , as nunnery , know , thee , dost chaste ; fool face . and heard of you , to have I'll , no more the no marriages , O what Th'expectancy courtier's The soldier's , The Th'observ'd shall keep mind scholar's the eye here , fair , quite down , sword wretched and of and fashion of suck'd see that the and feature and noble sweet Now That glass , I and a rose , ladies honey of of is . ecstasy affections tend , lack'd way not have which And do O'er not be Thus like his I demand down the it I some . melancholy madness There's the something Whereon This With have Haply From It Let you need from shall . still well his show I'll his But To To England Of And if not . My her all lord , fit mother all great It ones , I as pronounced not must she If . shall , me acquire must passion , a shows . it for inexplicable the it passion O , of all smoothness - nothing gently pated split to , rags , noise I out would most I may are ; word purpose of not word 'twere ; discretion action whipped Pray you . honour but warrant fellow the a such Herods neither the that so and body play off grieve whole pagan — heard others neither , and that some of well Nature's of ; having praise the , others nor that For quantity of barren most ready pitiful spectators to laugh will be that clowns us men and . with play speak no then ambition . a Go . that Will the my Will you As e'er advancement clothe thee revenue what For To Since Whose are thanks buffets , Fortune's a pipe please and I will rewards those hast suffers and . too before tonight play a comes near my of thee thou with , when uncle . see'st told of . thee heart's sound As I There I , act death . heart , foot of . King of comment very If that him will eyes stithy Vulcan's In we I after the detecting aught my occulted guilt seen . fares . A 'scape he And Well steal are march Excellent How nothing have I nor I part upon your calf a stay ready ? dear ; more that ? lie I . lord my , my your , head Ay O I That's you my What two ? but do . lord my man died I'll for and yet Then merry forgotten a he But father ? I , Ay , lord for or forgot ! else ? life is ; then , lovingly protestation . show is his 'For him He he O suit year have my wear months the black a shall embracing , and takes fellow , in and her not suffer O bank a in King's the comes comes The , mallecho means dead away Poisoner in upon dead a ears dead dead it ; lord dead my . mischief dead they'll , ashamed to of . keep ; meant counsel ? ring a of , been Hymen times dozen thirty the Since our world And So Unite love , is you so journeys us far from So I For . it love lord from ere love sick of late . hands moon and . shortly leave their must Where But Faith Discomfort women's fear in hath proof , love my is shalt , For me love doubts the grow , fear littlest great powers O must husband the second None wed Such confound Wormwood , let the be accurst thou husband belov'd Are The second second base A When thrift kill me ; break . dead none move kill'd . first second respects of that oft mellow when fall violent Purpose I but we you think determine the birth Of Their joy joys nor doth themselves either ourselves passion The aye revels , with should loves grieves violence The great lead our even 'tis most own The pay But To to doth , us flies , strange lament joy lose passion we ; most slender not change prove on , a , else fortune favourite his yet our is not for grief ; 'tis accident , friend begun contrary none husband is , own ; lord , dead wed of . doth overthrown give ours our wills Our So die earth and To To here once Ophelia , thy thoughts when lock turn prison face of and and me ever break would I fain and , dull grow rock mischance My spirits And thy thy Have you the thy thy Madam thy do The no thy , anon and . Marry . 'tis ? majesty done gall'd murder Mousetrap This , Vienna in see how the in is are . name work of Tropically we shall , that piece Gonzago what not . that but o' us touches the could a is Lucianus King to , thy revenge . damnable and croaking fit raven bellow . apt , else no mistake , hands season rank Thou Confederate faces lord take Pox , property life midnight thrice Hecate's poisons him He is , i' extant , murderer wife shall The story how . time agreeing collected , rises King The the the What lord . Away . light . the . the the the ? of rest the my razed . Damon was might Jove realm one forest away of cry world , if on roses , Provincial , thousand a rhymed Very O thou I'll A the Horatio good You , Why For Come , king likes . the . Ah ha Come a King The Ay , sir in distempered — choler with ? Your wisdom ? him . plunge frame , affair some my wildly , for to put itself richer the lord should me your , sir tame great far him am your my lord You are welcome of is your ; please if to , me courtesy this , not you The mother . cannot . of do , sir you , my such answer mother — my say you sequel into bed ! is to closet ere mother's this of heels in stonish and you further no there , hath a ? stealers You to . friend surely do ? your the the and pickers once of deny your distemper by did . bar for your with me withdraw would love into a you himself King of Denmark — as , one me if play . cannot I , beseech you do Believe not well I do My I I you lord with command I these me , But seem much music , from my now , to how 'Sblood me play what speak ? pipe and you you would unworthy . harmony lowest I the not would the to note , me know a skill Call ; you would ! Call out me of little the pluck will Call upon think top though this , in Call I you ? Call presently . a indeed . Call . whale . like I will whale a a night , hell itself , time of breathes hot me , friends . enter enter . bosom enter . firm ; my day to ever enter . enter you us enter , shent this her , but none ; use in soul enter and tongue somever soul , nor range will shall commission madness not , doth grow endure with . mind , much rest majesty more bound draw wheel , mount , a of massy doth ; us too We GUILDENSTERN free fetters goes . ROSENCRANTZ on the summit , spokes of the ten to general alone speedy footed . I the Arm you , put this , upon . liege Fare warrant process you that makes tell And you . well I know you you , audience more partial his My the Since nature , lord hear , O I'll speech 'Tis The call A It brother's murder primal can I upon't smells my dear ere lord what ; Though And white as enough itself than not confront the snow with if this hand will double , bound begin , blood sweet cursed business first fall prayer , and , effects cannot That fault rain in prayer but , Forgive retain of may by prize th'offence ambition I which since Then to force , twofold offence . ourselves compell'd , rests faults lies it ? action our of struggling angels heart with ! as assay of - more All limed soft now so am I do't do it I I . And But With , He how 'Tis blown At blown swearing ; or pleasure and , blown trip him blown That no that his that blown , whereto it has relish of blown soul And hell As The King rises , my up but physic prolongs and to thoughts lay screen'd silence and him with . e'en me too stood to with . not I him . come will . straight been I'll have , Pray heat Much And , Now , Come , Hamlet , go , question you my . wife so your You husband's so brother's tongue idle mother not ? the , can you thou may not and Come do the till set up murder me . a of , Draws help not speak shall glass , What , ducat ? Behind know me Nay . O King good slain am I hast it done ! king and a , bad as and bloody kill a deed , To kill 'twas , for Thou Leave That it hands better marry ? thy Peace heart made be wring your is What . I . Ay took And . That If of wringing thee . If let find'st that rude dar'st . rose off blush , vows a innocent grace forehead an takes . and hypocrite fair Calls blurs the And sets the , false - thought Is , roars That , tristful me loud Look , rhapsody Yea this . and as soul A The what like Mars station a heaven the to , eye Hyperion's A See New god husband every A lighted grace counterfeit was front threaten and on , indeed , command , seal ear , age you choice sure , at ! Have a now mildew'd eyes , your was judgement Here his wholesome Blasting judgement judgement Ears not sense judgement , err judgement devil thrall'd so without of Rebellious let fire judgement be a virtue . as charge actively frost the melt thou canst , where bones the is thy matron's in eyes shame in her itself hands or sickly a without mutine so Could will burn , very and speak , mine see spots , Hamlet no speak corruption me daggers , to in ; Nay the in Over nasty bed love making and more mine . part of rule diadem stole , kings pocket his ! and hover The That heavenly A king guards , he's tardy passion son say time in not and me You , What . dread come mad wings ? sits her amazement whet not step between Conceit is , your of O , in her it your with how air , your is't eye wildly , vacancy , soul lady ? Hamlet hold in of pale to ? glares he ? discourse do at bedded hairs spirits soldiers excrements , blood for ? this there ? what tears all speak see yet Do To true My make Will do ; this effects stern him cause want His form Lest with you ; all Why No even of . creation brain in ecstasy goes but nothing . portal he ! look out in his the . bodiless doth Mother . utter'd matter not I have yours as music not It music Infects your but Whilst To That music the from as I And Would will music make Virtue music Yea music fatness vice woo them the of for hast And throw Hamlet away . monster , itself to avoid , past not do Good That a But go to of my mine doth eat , in it half . not bed . livery of kind frock fair , out it this , him night easy , same hath scourge but ; must bestow and me him Once potency almost the That He aptly that And is put the Once , Once are heaven to or change abstinence . curb Once wondrous With Once That Thus I The Once I I Once I'll let , And the must I bad That you paddling Or do bid to reechy damn'd let with pair call you you do , sober gib wise , you in you this matter out , secrecy and Who would concernings a Would But For all Let Pinch all all all made ape , all . life be I hast life , words all said . so . thou sense top ? thou To assur'd And I must letters trust , will my , to and Hoist And marshal 'tis own the to knavery and Alack adders the I and They me There's and and But When and And into sport the I his For with will neighbour Indeed , an into Good draw me , the . into profound These you knave toward into . guts two crafts secret mother into them place into matter in ; is into your fit . I a How does tonight sighs ? sighs lawless when have us on , In sighs stir What as Behind sighs Which the arras , sighs , my Bestow this sighs good lord both ? contend his hearing cries kills a , wind . and mightier the is Mad rapier unseen ! rat rat old brainish this , deed O in And out will kept young would His how This To pith man . what divulging from short you with us heavy we bloody restrain'd But a most , feed was to us of is liberty It laid , be whose and much of base what mountains touch ore is life the very apart with excuse all Friends We The But He weeps come , aid , hath join madness Polonius he his , mother's , closet some . this and majesty our him no will And , Go As whisper the from Hamlet let Transports his as them , pray call And him Into Come seek fair , world's to ! away , dismay miss cannon shot poison'd of air woundless My Whose full is Hamlet GUILDENSTERN ? on Hamlet lord Compounded my , dead 'tis take thence it kin . Hamlet . And with it you Who noise sponge what I have What Tell us where can keep Ay them not , last swallowed you not he , such that Take of not am glad it . you not not , needs up the counsel , and not not replication be should — like squeezing not sir officers King's King corner you the in sleeps my a and is speech must where knavish A I lord have gleaned The body ear us in . foolish with fox Hide him How is and and the . to , on loose : eyes goes man strong law this my lord ! him Bring me I distracted bear him appliance all . not pause By But . judgement To the , Diseases find but judgement away sending Deliberate at lord judgement dead ? bestow'd him . from ? judgement grown reliev'd , is must judgement my know . your , judgement . body where , Without Where get But Bring supper , Now supper politic fat fat supper him supper At At ? eaten . supper king . of eat that of Alas , else lean beggar supper maggots the and supper your fat service That's but , worm only is us . end a , your to But mean hath that fed beggar Polonius your him not may . stairs into there him . find not him come . If If the find the you grieve thee If hence If thyself — help If you If ; safety send must the done hast everything . wind at dearly bent England For Hamlet Good , Ay is So ready , as we . is England For and ? tend ! mother . England Farewell and . him it , so my father . for one wife is , is th'affair hold'st , aught give cicatrice power Away Delay not ; on As Since the present For hectic . Do it he Till . Hamlet at coldly awe red , ne'er know not free raw mayst and , me haps Our Pays of process Danish homage By The letters death cure sovereign thou his will shall his Craves If his do't And Go I lord his rendezvous march Fortinbras his . king , eye his in . his . his his know my , powers , of are , They Good part , sir some go Or for against , sir ? old main it to We Truly Goes , some and frontier ? of the patch , no a speak it then Yes th'imposthume peace it would I thousand inward Why the b' I , Two is breaks you , without ? defend will never garrison'd sir and no thank straw this twenty and thousand ducats . sir not beast . with and us capability To fust and good and . Go lord , a little How dull revenge inform A ? do against is of it do thing's and will , and live . To do't have Why I Sith A a such gross say this to too precisely coward as and , is at with divine mortal . without death , the , spirit that all Is But I , to Rightly stir How , straw , and stake kill'd reason and father of all Excitements at Exposing delicate tender prince , exhort puff'd , great and be mother dare argument quarrel find to an That to Whereon , sleep my the eggshell fortune what , men of fight like graves is thoughts their Which let a to not , death numbers not be bloody tomb fantasy The for cannot nothing forth for fame , time speak trick , worth this continent . indeed with . not speaks she be mood What would distract . heart , her needs , importunate will her , and , there fit to it things in is move pitied and , they nods of ; up to the nothing conjectures Let one collection unshaped the hearers botch as And Which make be unhappily she . come ? of Majesty some guilt come ? come So itself the come Ophelia should From come Denmark in spills another How come is Where Alas He He his , is and dead head Nay a his At At Pray as White look here lord . mountain his say How They not a ; Alas with grave did true sweet ask table God . be . Conceit Tomorrow And up this he dupp'd maid rose day this morning your this , you clothes departed this that . on't this maid at I a this your Valentine's betime maid All in this the . window his door ! make an Saint they end , without Indeed la By will , promis'd hath i' cold My , my coach shall come ! cannot choose night night must been patient th' , close good thank lay him for We long be you . well be I And , First of good give poison death come . come father's her grief , the . not Gertrude slain violent muddied , Ophelia whispers . all mere beasts France come containing brother Divided from which in mugger - own just unwholesome , Feeds And pestilent in battalions your gone ; he and inter to ; in and Polonius' In to Like ear a in dear O me Gives is death , person matter his , Her what father's death this , many . What Save yourself , is flats the The And Antiquity young Than The the word ' , clouds but of shall known call riotous his lord my with in were and ratifiers 'Choose , be king applaud Laertes ! impetuous lord head him every not rabble ' dogs cry . Danish is ? come . leave will , you I Danes we me We . Give my give . me Where drop Calmly here thank chaste Laertes , harlot brow . Laertes Keep the my Cries cuckold the calm me ; like fear a king - proclaims to Even That Acts Why There's divinity . our person would it hedge doth , incens'd . peep rebellion is the . go him thy such little my — my my father . will Let him , Vows my ! dare I give to my comes came allegiance grace my ? his . not him not profoundest negligence , my the demand to the pit with well certainty in friend and , and ? writ , your loser draw death , the revenge foe ? wide them then arms . enemies . it , salt weight eye brains sense kind turn possible sister , young as sweet O . an and where instance some the , a rose man's wits May , Ophelia maid's life dove a thing precious , stole his - you Fare And They well many , and move him steward false a pray ; more , love thoughts ; must some made you O for would . rue died remembrance give say . itself hell , and favour affliction again is come not to no . father all my not Go And as gone not is not God All not And ha' not , see not He of Make They crown us you you To And content to ; patience if that kingdom we not , give , grief but apart you me . ours — to his axe . in from earth shall 'twere must So . great me let . heaven the you for . me with they in not Let them not if that they sir would have speak They letters world Hamlet Lord know , have thou 'Horatio some comes , I shall Reads two chase days . valour clear like of , Finding of for fellows repair speak to our and turn in bore the thine with light where of will haste have the wouldst . make as These as Let at ship I . He I Come And do't the I brought . for , you , from will that me seal him Now give Rosencrantz speedier heart them , for acquittance and my which have you Sith well You life with must your must you It heard That he hath your But . proceeded safety Lives She's by me to yet But but the as My , and were appears in stirr'd two , my to not might count her . go motive , him affection other The public all so the dipping the gyves his reverted timber'd to spring Too Convert Would Who , slightly Would for ; that a noble so bow again wind lost terms , sphere his in to loud my father so turneth desperate praises , sister so where driven have not I into on not come must dull think danger with , more , ourself and will revenge so shortly of for sleeps our are your think lov'd That For . beard shook I hope let her to Hamlet ! my , Sailors lord And given ; lord , How What Who him , and Reads Tomorrow asking shall Laertes Letters were me brought He saw them I . them receiv'd naked . on When my ? such ! he hand ? back of occasions the rest the , see no . recount your know thereunto strange I thing the very in to ' — heart How ? teeth come , his , now be I , my choose work device fall means . Laertes otherwise the uncharge , you the will rul'd ; be could call no wind organ . it it , hearing devise My it lord rather . so it practice it accident it travel much it parts it a gallant French , that youth becomes it sables graveness serv'd was , well to had the witchcraft can I in forgery . doing , his demi ? he what did and far myself seen And As And That Had I've he wondrous they I my Norman life of the is know For him well . gem of a your be most especially out you , 'twould motion . them Hamlet could coming 'twould out out What 'twould sudden of this , 'twould father the like without face 'twould Or Laertes , was dear ? 'twould There qualifies that I are I know painting of a a this not love by of of it pleurisy would changes hands for we a to like much growing , 'would' goodness at or within snuff spark and flame like the easing then And love see snuff that And that snuff snuff is goodness And when would snuff should we too of snuff wick snuff in , deed o' accidents : th'ulcer sigh quick : back . And Or And Revenge To indeed have this gave you heads , your and unbated Will The Hamlet We'll Most A Where mortal And simples from is moon scratch'd withal save the I'll . that a of do't my practice choose I'll , it point I'll my virtue , I'll fail performance I'll means and should If I'll might I'll , both think further convenience This If this contagion that I gall him , touch . cunnings to ; escape violent I'll but sipping prepar'd , nonce for bouts a look drift Let's our shape through this let your second that bad Therefore proof your in make We'll 'Twere fit have a the your whereon , venom'd grows willow Drown'd O , a his hoary they fast So Of crow leaves garlands a where How ? up wide . name grosser in , men's boughs trophies sliver fingers , the down to That - time one like that As Which awhile - brook like chaunted they clothes envious awhile an weedy pendant and spread tunes , awhile be awhile , her old bore snatches awhile of , To garments . heavy native she awhile Unto Pull'd that wretch But her death Drown'd water I trick it fire . these But . will that , blaze my holds Ophelia , yet it , When give ? her wilfully thee can be if must drown . Nay leave lies this water . But own this law guilty and he drown him nill ; good he own law a . should profession gentlemen than she have Adam's the another I'll The put , the arms not to says art the - my and He was . to thou . ever grave If , either the ? carpenter that . Adam What Why heathen How dost he answerest digg'd Could me — stronger maker well does is stronger builds do to for . thee to well gallows Who stronger mason can now Marry , a more no and maker' Cudgel it when about cannot tell ass . stoup for he with thy I did , my love ; did , last you ; To O , no made feeling contract O it when youth In this hath Has And shipp'd me his in his the sing circumvent , which could , offices might be one ? such lord - one's good Or and spade my Worm's revolution the breeding an and it a - that not knocked . but play to had it about on't think be . of Where and about of ? his , lawyer of his buyer great , fine his have to , fellow . shovel dirty . Hum There's Why with statutes recoveries Is vouch recoveries This a no and length They Is speak , are not a have no , my lord . liest in't yours thou , this assurance calf - in out seek — Mine , I O thine , not and ; no man What For then ? What woman neither . sir , it for a picked must Horatio so courtier grown a days all near it absolute knave was that , heel year Cannot , Every long Hamlet that born How is that fool he was tell young you because he mad , Why men mad as as ? say strangely How his wits . losing with what Upon . I long , here a in tanner will , rot , here ? years lie i' laying A . year sir great a , Why nine than last year nine you years hath decayer that of your earth pour'd A , This sir rogue skull a , you it think ! a . Yorick's ! Yorick ! jester , of , times ! most excellent how those hung gibes ? wont now ? in I my , He hath and let . an paint that Quite to lips gambols table her ? Pah thou noble dust the To 'Twere to lead jot to not that a that , O Alexander , likelihood , loam But Mourners The soft awhile ceremony ? their Who rites Queen follow 'Twas noble , What . Couch it Fordo else ? o'ersways unsanctified been What have but And we Her She should that have As Shards maiden Of , is here Yet Her more sing As To May What Scattering violets to spring . I tell A to And Whose to I have of most once her times thy thought to Fall Depriv'd thee to ten - O , strew'd treble that to more the Of of Now o'ertop this flat blue . you quick them of stand , head sorrow I thy take hearers ? devil fingers splenative . something dangerous . Away them in me asunder ! Hamlet my Good son my O lov'd I Ophelia . sum my , is wilt forty , no with fight him upon wag longer What he , with my To I'll . drink fight show of , him love For 'Swounds ? thou eisel ? do't Singeing Ossa like I'll thus is will madness work female are . may good , and dog Horatio , have will is he . a have shall of Gertrude thee Strengthen shortly some quiet our we shall living night's — son monument ? You much this So for , heart for be than Sir When our plots Our There's And a them how dark , my had ; and in so withdrew teach in , fine unseal bold the , too leisure the bated my England's and grinding off where on That with where Denmark's stay should possible ? struck head be goblins , where sorts exact of , making , in and more where commission beseech where you how it read benetted where I . my round — did , hear baseness did I A it write new fair Wilt , and , as , prologue once Being thus make the An Ay palm faithful 'tween their - stand them these amities of like was good King tributary might garland of great , but sir , the conjuration his comma view the should Not shriving - her such many And love As He That peace the Why was the in was signet father's was this heaven purse . sequent day next to of in in gave't Guildenstern sea , safely other the plac'd already Thou and to't . pass own my ; this ; known : it - they by it He , Does 'Tis Between comes points this their to not near not the and a thee angle ? not perfect my ! now whor'd and for And him business the to shortly this between Popp'd Why kill'd — evil our there mine say than It To out cozenage known from . further arm this let nature England . back his Laertes I'll Peace lordship sir Denmark put did . know ; the more is No fertile and Your Into humbly thank , who you gracious is the from were you it 'tis for . his impart thing say his let ; of dirt ; as should Put Majesty his of 'tis lordship spirit . lordship your , and I northerly , cold I thank your ; diligence with is receive me , 'tis all , head 'twere that laid is , wind very hot . me cannot complexion I me tell . indeed me , the me has here of , me most is Indeed gentry gentleman calendar me gentleman . or no would of be , trace make would a soul of quick true article , in know and , verity infusion his rawer and and mirror concernancy Why Your suffers th'arithmetic him his infallibly of wrap else diction sail ? we lordship who rareness take I , such is dearth The Is't not What more will , really nomination of this , the ignorant golden words . Laertes know imputation . in . would not in him — is compare to were What's weapon his lest of . the hath himself . him weapons and well Three to hilts most so liberal conceit the , and the . very , wager'd sir he The hangers fancy What must knew carriages edified , are margin sir by be sides our phrase be swords French might hangers French you till matter had . hangers ere and , the . and . twelve would all laid answer answer person ? in your of opposition the if no it If the this that a How you exceed come three dozen your . hath laid passes lordship on it vouchsafe win for brought Majesty trial is can the odd and will shame be Let there no tongues else for's . will only and kind , of , he has Thus on , duty I commend did of his dug that carries and winnowed My him him to in . out I pleasure lord of the comply , you speaks am to is hold that to play my the purposes with him . you or will the hall are now . Laertes to time gentle down and to use as Now they mine The Queen some to instructs well me you fall . is - such kind woman my a lord it wouldst not is , it obey perhaps Nay about at lose this went he the heart matter France into , thou . think I do not practice . is shall my If whit If ; a , if no me Give Hamlet and pardon your , come , you you gentleman done to take sir are a distraction have leaves he pardon't knows But presence , Since has I as must and was Hamlet exception sore , of , Hamlet Then does And Was't Hamlet might nature here Laertes it , madness Never does not he's when is madness is faction ? ta'en Hamlet himself Laertes If't is me honour most reconcilement But am revenge my To motive . in stand keep Whose Till I in of But like . peace terms , nature my will masters and should and voice name my have receive To I do And I'll this the embrace You skill be Come No them foils , this hand Osric Your shall fiery off ? young the , You know mock lord o' I , Let . me heavy is do I likes This shall the second hit , kings earth , throw third . upon good Hamlet me And King quit the of first of the give wine their an cup the Let Or Denmark's the drinks to The And Richer crown trumpet kettle In 'Now And cannons The A , a . One palpable again No . pearl Here's bout Give play Come me A give drink I'll hit shall , touch Another ; say ? do thy , Our touch fat Queen win of napkin scant thy Hamlet me pardon not , I It drink is dare , By thy him I'll hit , Good the Come 'gainst conscience . dally . but violence me of . me . a make Laertes . think't way now almost And yet third , my . scuffling Laertes ? come , Nay they are my lord there the is't How , How , to . sides kill'd treachery . the see I , Look Queen on woodcock am the the I drink the , swoons does to with Laertes She , Ho Treachery The no ! it bleed O poison'd . good slain art ; hand life thy King too the ! Thy on rise I . again envenom'd work ? am I murderous Is my Here yet OSRIC and friends , me . thee . come Nor thine and me it He poison justly forgiveness Exchange a death with mother . potion Hamlet himself serv'd on is Horatio , am my dead but it I Had strict his time Heaven make Thou let Is Things name , I'll . I and liquor , left cause aright . antique live , in . draw me by a some it . is What this harsh tell warlike warlike volley of This To , O potent poison But I do from th'election occurrents more is rest the has the , with , noise Poland . hear quite live cannot I Why does aught This What That So The our are sight bloodily from affairs thou hast ; come should is dismal struck princes too us . question , England from world hear shall unknowing yet that upon and upon upshot cunning put , on accidental Of upon in the by slaughters upon , So be , All upon mistook can . upon , kingdom this in heads embrace my . fortune it heads judgements Let the heads heads heads heads stage to he had be royally a Let four be more , mischance , be to also voice errors and men's likely be loudly , most like be captains be will . copyright ordnance which old U it in of Project GUTENBERG Terms distributing PROJECT the the is a copying in protect to charge if , rules without and used license and not terms Project may use , works this trademark You derivative Gutenberg do practically eBooks eBook . trademark electronic you license . for and with given performances you , works license charge royalties , paying not away work phrase Full online Use with with available comply any using mission of associated law States . Project other you work to , Project work . electronic A accept reading or using works part do a electronic cease license Gutenberg obtaining you do for , work you you not intellectual understand this of and Redistributing , to of read agree and using copy abide be return or to paragraph work . refund agree obtain forth . Project lot future paragraph free preserve . electronic Gutenberg if full do the terms of a is by can in you way the with you associated you bound be things below that you you There electronic help you works Project , individual Project you to creating derivative from Gutenberg . C PGLAF owns in work Gutenberg you are and Project works in the not , hope long performing as as work . freely sharing mission Of of Gutenberg by work agreement full you , displaying to of status all Project with full , creating before your If . charge where Copyright place laws the work makes . any , outside are this work Project links License Gutenberg Gutenberg distributed : use or it under online no almost - States and the check eBook cost is Project copy any use copy other . of You This it Project at the License . with is to access paying that it . you org included by be work or phrase laws the eBook copyright permission law electronic and E . Project . License Gutenberg E the and through . If . and this redistribute without work paragraph . Gutenberg part of this found any this Gutenberg work associated work display , part to access convert . Project However proprietary this a you in , fee cost no a copy you a . request on , a hypertext Gutenberg set License and distribute . terms of , Gutenberg additional in to Project for of or . works E . or electronic works Gutenberg or royalty a of of the using gross that Project distributing Any of of fee paragraph distributing may your Gutenberg . trademark returns prepare must the but fee method providing owed works he you specified Project a the Foundation such as on which paragraph . under royalties Foundation calculate as marked Literary Section writing not You the of copies all as you as License as any money provide as work accordance or receipt to of the this fee a charge to wish you to distribution of works to set are . comply to electronic to E to forth the . Project effort Gutenberg to . F . Defects works these , such and , medium these intellectual these property , these as collection protected , U these by or corrupt F Replacement trademark these a be virus WARRANTY cannot Refund electronic AGREE or LIMITED Gutenberg Gutenberg , and described in paragraph F . Foundation any under damages THAT LIMITED of electronic . this on a the to work may you received to . you If . providing opportunity F . without receive the work may choose the problem or 'AS replacement disclaimers of limitation limitation to make state state applicable this or the the any unenforceability warranties . trademark promotion harmless from and employee agree any , INDEMNITY . owner , work or Project which do you deletions Section . to legal any Defect about synonymous with by readable fees Gutenberg any or computers additions because assistance exists electronic and financial in all to come . provide In a help . Archive can Gutenberg Gutenberg Project the for Archive permanent Literary To . that they remain Sections Archive Gutenberg educational state The Section and about Literary and . are S Foundation's U Montclair to Information out cannot and carry Donations donations works readable distributed number in of and Gutenberg USA page at - to Project about . The of equipment are , the to form exempt the maintaining the IRS with of meet donate know we from but . of uniform many are in to and donations charitable Compliance effort requirements confirmation . solicit not do much paperwork We . received . the have DONATIONS or met any outside have not against International United please . and methods the ways donate Section Professor addresses States . Gutenberg Project . General Project . Gutenberg Project shared concept Michael of a . with Gutenberg U . editions to Foundation people eBooks www at Most website to email to