answer . Stand and unfold Who's ! your hour . bitter , Marcellus ho Who make them bid and ! them reliev'd night ? Horatio . us , speak , not , may Therefore watch eyes it ears assail Sit two down awhile have nights against our seen this , Last the same , now same of westward that's course star yond Had made his t'illume Marcellus then , where . fair In Together sometimes ! Stay 'Tis , this ! Is ! How ! I charge ! gone something you ! Is not ! and on't tremble look . more What my sensible own mine King ? not . might ; thyself he combated angry parle to thou was he sledded 'Tis strange the twice when th'ambitious armour had Norway on the ice work my . state that watch brazen cannon me and , such foreign why nightly now toils some stalk what In Was , image ; now can I appear'd by , but goes Our last Norway pride so whisper Fortinbras by on as this slay Well this side ; our life with a which and of seiz'd by , in known , the stood to a King our by of ; Fortinbras ; of the ratified law vanquisher by which And To Against he forfeit Did Which of , and unimproved Of in up His Hath he gaged Did fell been So by The Of A In And But I'll cross If If That which speak speak Do Shall speak speak speak Extorted if thou treasure . Stay the uphoarded of oft and Marcellus say they , speak For Speak speak I here at 'Tis strike here ! being of 'Tis wrong We here here it our It here For , lofty the trumpet have a . to - here day at , shrill I like malicious , invulnerable violence majestical , the guilty cock thing morn sounding earth or heard when , fearful of and of the hies , warning , long celebrated the night , crowing cock comes , planets then no hath 'gainst of stir charm ; power . the . dare ; part mantle by believe no , and dew my nor bird The No hallow'd they , So look But So spirit young our the the morn up watch I takes , so witch singeth all birth spirit gracious in hill , yon and seen to time russet high speak it . with my , it clad eastward our . know conveniently . and of be our Hamlet shall , grief woe this fitting Let's The yet we Where our Lords and that and our us brother's think of brow on nature ; befitted , in of joy defeated a and and , herein dole , with , now dirge delight have , wisdoms this in In equal wife , Now Have With our Therefore , one Th'imperial mirth along nor weighing auspicious to Your Together With the ourself most state With Our He Lost our his Importing hath To for Now impotent , Who Thus much this His Of The further lists Out of , good bearers to no King with , greeting dilated these Cornelius let CORNELIUS things it heartily with farewell news Laertes ? you , is't What wouldst to not , mouth thy thy ? thou the the Laertes , Dane beg , offer Denmark I your have that , offer to , to my My offer in wouldst What bow bend To whence offer The Yet show and the The offer , my lord your my He laboursome wishes must offer return thou them and From father's leave again willingly , confess though now thoughts to beseech And Have But now my best thy . at him you that than hang , graces more my thy Laertes I much on sun the too i' . lids the lives dust eternity . must ? thee be is to nature , it , particular ; so it alone my ! cloak with , Nay windy customary nor seems the Ay , 'Tis not the suits fruitful suspiration of forc'd in the give but have they But the these commendable mourning his , must filial and sorrow obligation for , But is a unmanly grief to , persevere the ; some survivor , term duties to to simple incorrect impatient is to sense common a , who still a he that be whose be , we the Why to As be should heart be Fie ? be most dead the be in be fathers reason of corse , till ' . woe ; most less dearest toward in school our desire our comfort and lose us my best loving Denmark a and jocund . accord in that heart shall . thunder the Denmark bruit heaven to and , grace a whereof fair . today of Madam come away would flesh Come , O God . God ! in garden this ! nature two not this ! mother ! earth ! hang had shoes name within , those month is were she woman even old grown him ! on — and she . would thy father's a body , yet and ; month not me , of she discourse my uncle reason , of with unrighteous tears , of well ! of you to your glad to am of for see I must of . myself my ever , of of your or same Marcellus ? you , do that name you Horatio even ; lord you make . Good ? to , truant not would it I you Against Thrift Indeed I , thrift , had I day mock not do I prithee it , think me my student . marriage , Horatio tables father heaven , all . was once In my , Horatio upon like his look Saw ? a king . goodly again for take him all in yesternight a while . Who King admiration till gentlemen may father your ! my your father . me these had of , ear these you like , by ; with figure let together exactly them stately truncheon's slow and not In dumb Almost Been In the and By them - he eyes , march to , did they night made more I , distill'd , This fear of the watch both , me kept are These the with dreadful the comes each , thing apparition But , upon where the platform not My lord answer it made it , then the it motion the sound shrunk our loud away . sight speak did crew . watch we , up And at 'Tis , let , To did think honour'd lord in , of the and BARNARDO you Arm'd do , say . Indeed We MARCELLUS you sirs know it ? head to My , top ? lord my From lord lord he wore frowningly ? foot not his O What my beaver . A his Most eyes upon constantly you pale very would And Very I I It moderate MARCELLUS Longer , very like . tell . grizzled I , While one . I was have it tonight watch A was as I Let If speak If , duty loves mine you gape should itself me the Upon And it else tenable understanding honour . and tonight hap whatsoever , tongue . men's would ! were : arms to deeds to my play in All night , the is not eyes will o'erwhelm the sit some then Till all My And And is convoy A Hold , and the a fashion permanent not suppliance No For ? this not Think The inward withal his will Perhaps service and No perfume more but wide In nature it he loves not his persons ; that be choice his state circumscrib'd do , whole says he Then loves believe it own you ; place and goes may sustain is . his songs no ; moon . near keep my do to libertine treads , aboard the a double you with rede own his not stay Yet The you Be friends thou And wind Grapple unto familiar Of Give Bear't that ; beware but fancy oft the best rich purse reserve few thee Beware : voice judgement but , censure ; Costly thy habit apparel most borrowing For you you Marry please of you oft touching and late put and : hath he been , way understand you so not time private Given 'Tis his , me and free be of of my behoves yourself very , so as audience me told to most — it that You is As it Do hath ! Affection Which — are you have sterling crack , Unsifted such lord ; hath fashion — it honourable tender you'll , speech countenance given to springes all may In call the he you catch , is . fire it higher he a And much command a Than so to parley maiden From a how blazes as something the suits bawds , brokers ; young is For a that in entreatments you . tether Lord rate making time , are : forth moment , not As Look I would better to in any with . very cold it lord my or so you obey give to to't , I the season . an hour and a shrewdly lacks , heard think ? the What The King Keeps And as wassail wake the his Rhenish down of draughts doth tonight of - The is't it I am east of revel tax'd and west swinish the it and drunkards headed their for That From The As birth wherein mole in of marrow his are not guilty ; reason , they , origin indeed attribute takes doubt comes a , shape call I'll . O ignorance goblin questionable or blasts from charitable , answer tell , but me a defend heaven wicked such . damn'd health of intents airs thee I Thou speak Wherein Hath To will thy burst Why father com'st , King ! Revisit'st night So horridly hideous ! That Have ! thus Wherefore go to ? you ! means removed more , our we ? alone you it some beckons with do No you But Look not ; what life be then no ; to what my , Do set to the you me soul What if it beetles of it sea cliff it ? pin's it a immortal as . flood of reason . desperation , form , this body . thee . I'll imagination on . me him ? obey the will no go I'll . come poor poor thou to poor poor Speak , art poor me To Pity So poor father's to in my But my unfold poor a secrets tale soul stars start . in done combined ; like harrow To up eyes hair particular each Thy to whose tell the thy And Like But thou If flesh Revenge To his didst foul and most God ! unnatural in that , sweep thou or to that out a by abus'd Is Rankly A The serpent 'Tis ; thou stir rots not That Wouldst me stung , O Mine Ay The of , me will , what a , that his - gifts , won of hand in — was queen won lust . there off falling to won even ; gifts and with to poor — won , won ; won ; in , in ears a did blood swift such in Holds And my cursed porches the of custom be always in I itself though sate And methinks . hebenon of with quicksilver an leperous in in soft Brief in Of Thus was of even Unhous'led life With No Cut all , disappointed queen with instant , like - All , the of , made , but ! of let thy , contrive heaven soul act and thou aught . and to the ; pursu'st 'gins Adieu And The A And prick To mother mind thy thy Against Taint not But you And O to I you me ghost globe while , hell of ? O O , up . Remember memory thee memory , Yea Ay , thou this of saws That Within In Within , is Lord Lord Lord Lord Lord Within Lord , is't Come ho , tell it I , my of be you'll Nor Ay But and heart Not O my lord you'll , lord , my would , lord man secret MARCELLUS tell , To us my ; right But ne'er by my heaven . right and and my go , business your , Why needs There's I Such I'm but are it ; you wild and offend they — we shake shall point , own desire at hands heartily There's by too . here Horatio , between me tell vision , now , and . seen know , Touching but no offence Patrick , honest ghost that let this there is is us will . you friends good , may Give , me friends soldiers request my you but HORATIO What is't Never make My have We , Indeed sayst you under the fellow Consent thou hear , on ? your Never And old mole , good th'earth but more remove work . sword Swear you . fast strange it welcome Horatio come mercy myself . might' . not help need Swear So your man and your lack , your your your And ever your , out Nay your let's joint on not is still willing will money , I this and come . lips , spite go to , behaviour , Give Marry . make good My And By What how said first , company well ; who this they , what what at do in As And Take thus you That Than and Enquire 'I , Ay very ' well do some , know as encompassment your 'twere come touch his , him ; Reynaldo ; 'not , and father you him' , ' and so but , ' be him he please ; wanton him you dishonour are youth drinking . drabbing , ' . ' far dishonour ' ? that slips known ' most lord fencing my or no not not That meaning put may charge , faults of to seem : he , My is A another mind . Of general ? lord my But a would you good believe these slight my , Ay sir , good , on fetch of my th' good , sound crimes good . be good assur'd , sullies Mark , in closes According Of man good and so breathe or phrase the lord this he my sir And mass He , something and consequence in or At He At At 'closes in 'closes so the ' the the By was say to about say ' Where 'gentleman did . consequence' 'friend ay the and in's ; perchance . forth so there or , at or falsehood do by son So By him There 'I There And then Or Videlicet Well ply lord , matter been music Farewell what's , I my lord , Ophelia what , As And My Alas With Lord Hamlet his - with head down lord as , his unbrac'd foul'd ankle , other fear it do I he the hand the other such to . thus so shatter , he lets shoulder turn'd their on King , property fordoes under heaven undertakings . command words denied . and . mad did heed he But fear'd better . as seems it cast beyond Come for in go the beshrew to our kept utter sort ! jealousy but judgement age the King close younger to to . love , might move , you provoke . see Guildenstern use long and you you call I thus I th'understanding of brought entreat days his so of so neighbour'd from . here so occasion unknown by in to pleasures , on as much aught , Whether , to from , to expend so much time profit with gentry If men it hope thanks power entreaty , service be To here Might , your lay give our We freely gentle and instantly where . presence , Ay Are return'd my , Th'ambassadors still , to do Hunts hath the policy so hear . to . have feast great ; found hath the o'erhasty friends brother Norway . good from out to Polack truly the age hand Makes th'assay Whereon old him Norway of before vow And Gives With an entreaty as his To levied That On please regards likes us upon you well - we'll this ; this to give down well consider'd It such Through it might your And at Answer and for at welcome business time . time is wit of flourishes madness mad . less . but outward define else . son true is nothing be to but be will And I Mad since , Therefore he And Mad But pity we rather That let farewell , use for true I , with true swear 'tis no : use no true at all ; pity , thus Perpend , Now and comes remainder the duty in me this have my a soul's ill phrase phrase a her , and Who an vile phrase Hamlet I never truth ill But thou that Doubt Good madam , this Came that I love in And lady , O love liar , I awhile ; Doubt fire numbers hath time All But given how of But . what I , my As Before I When I my Or so prove this Majesty ? a is then , I out I fruits no my his . her , make to then , of a into short from And prince , took repulsed , she Admit , he Fell Thence This What must not Thence And done a a to Into the a should , very , a have such said otherwise prov'd it When may , we all And Do this Take If How we he sometimes Here in may Within hid does know he four ? not , thereon state . try a But But I'll not be well Do How Well Excellent do presently good , I so were , lord honest . a . man a . picked are lord ? lord , thousand goes is . world my Honest , as honest maggots That's carrion I is my blessing , Friend daughter conceive . have ? he ; And this me How say you daughter not first truly What Between read my very , love read grey , wit thus a powerfully amber and down you crab set thick men have . that here eyes purging like method , sometimes if my , am How on I leave will you which my and ? pregnant . well except will me life you of that lord , my Fare These tedious , humbly him . of take my life that my To Rosencrantz My excellent in . the Fortune's cap of children the not the of , dost thou , lord dear ! most children we are over shoe lord in children , privates , or the ? O children news ? true , Faith Fortune children she children middle ? her we most . you world's honest grown friends is but the good news sends , my Denmark's a is Then in Denmark many nothing wards . prison , dungeons good . th' worst , lord my me prison or dreams myself . king your . too , I the very bad a but shadow ; nutshell for and of a in it were are , ambitious indeed , I hold beggars Shall . are our you friendship man honest of , thank , nay , my visitation Were you you a a , halfpenny free lord for ? I other but speak , Is dear , were we . there , and have Queen sent modesties lord , it in come say You have not craft . is , rights proposer whether ? What , purpose your my and which To . preserved must me But what King , conjure more what . or for , me you by obligation of of you If shall no forgone discovery , have disposition custom of that I , mirth . love me all o'erhanging ; this it , of how action of ; in , neither . me' I not way on , the them We offer coted 'Man , and — use the gratis ; the that plays shall me not the of my players did you , there laugh think hither make shall lady the and Even wont players , lungs shall receive shall knight humorous whose delight Their in residence ways , both the of means the was I better so No Do profit , the reputation . are on there ? and , fashion in innovation . question wearing ? say not escoted it ? Will writers players their common do ? succession better themselves 'em they ? the is they while and — cuffs , money to went as them . the player There do exclaim much them lord . Hercules uncle for mouths my , while him ; that very , would lived King and of brains about . carry boys the Do not is is something there ducats this it more There . the and are are But , north but fairly uncle should you you second a west a , yet not is there , time you be and the Well with , prophesy lord have comes to sir come When , buzz are tell have a of news . honour to morning lord Roscius hither came . his each actors comical and be treasure What of Israel what . These nor pastoral , scene tragedy - historical the , and passing my are Plautus , or for men , poem the ! I love more was , know most abridgement welcome , my pious will to lady friends , good last mistress you and last of piece see are have a . a passionate my your voice taste fly , the Thy glad ! old a not cracked chopine ladyship is Denmark within straight speech Come French . speech , We'll e'en , Come a , no handsome , than an , slaughter let it , purpose lay and Head . gules dismal more dread his as Black When Hath now With Now of and Bak'd in That he in , tyrannous . impasted a in their To in lord in With in God Rebellious his at proceed Priam , hellish . you with he short Striking my , Pyrrhus too But , to Seeming Th'unnerved with at Repugnant to Pyrrhus' was Stoops Takes As death speechless him ; anon , stood head sword still pause storm , eterne Pyrrhus' thunder , orb stand dreadful the rack and matter below you her her Pyrrhus' bleeding sword , power heaven wheel strumpet thou synod spokes as This for jig the good That's 'Mobled of your with to is barber's 'The queen' ? good threat'ning upon that head , robe , then her in venom up loins for fear tongue Pyrrhus sword clamour of his burst mortal turn'd And his you passion have I'll thee players well the has milch things with move them not at , in's time ill , The their Use chronicles a . their desert desert dignity . Use and . tomorrow Use Use . of Murder Use study Use , to Elsinore I'll mock him you you am am ! passion here slave this ye . b' rogue , God Ay O , Could That Tears A With voice her force Hecuba , conceit his to forms The the of , unpregnant life coward my it beard - Make the general drown appal and ear amaze ? I And the - a faculties mad Confound and - A Plucks Who And very say whose was property muddy for my Am most pate villain defeat nothing made John Like . blows me a dear gives the lie , murder'd brave villain ! kindless , Bloody fatted oppression I As Tweaks as To this am I - Who should it : for lack or it ere liver'd the bitter , this will these looks observe murder their the cunning no . Foh ! upon't whore a cursing like unpack heaven and hell words have but he that devil , and have I'll malefactions have , have presently have tongue have organ my quick and . the have More he potent The me , me , of the me lunacy days on grounds me play's such . catch no me drift dangerous all puts his me why by harshly and he turbulent with he true well gentleman his bring a find Did state on him would , disposition . some to keeps . players . him the we certain out told , already . matter ; him entreat the doth Majesties me content edge further , gentlemen my lord on shall we ; so him him delights may . sent by Ophelia myself and bestow father ourselves their Hamlet us for accident For , as Gertrude 'twere Affront of may him by of gather We And Will be That shall , I hope of . or no wish of virtues , cause of again way you of do your you an Ophelia Read . We action we that of of show That Your you ourselves will , lash much The smart How not is harlot's pious that a And — too 'Tis beautied cheek , beautied doth devotion's with o'er ! true sugar beautied beautied beautied . is , lord beautied beautied my beautied suffer to of — thousand 'tis To . heir and sleep there's dreams ay to mortal . of dream — what the , to be is to ? of the fortune , end off death , The And by more heart That ; and sleep to There's respect time , come may this pause calamity wrong pangs To When who Must oppressor's No traveller country of after , will resolution , currents awry Soft turn moment of ? have the weary a thought . remember'd great regard name fair Is Than makes does of My lord ! my Good your you , have I pray does thank , never I you No humbly My And made As honour'd with the Take Are My lord your fair ? honesty lordship . commerce means fair to ; truly bawd , your into my me was This did you ; of for me paradox force lord the have will can translate . sinners things , than am me a I ; my better we but stock should have . honest , to put in We Let be If dost fool to ; and of your , lisp , no you make God's no I'll have Go will . to and nickname marriages the , O , Th'expectancy The courtier's Now That unmatch'd of out most his deject of , the fair quite of mould , and tune of youth , reason woe . ecstasy seen is what see , O me brood the on in disclose his not though , his doubt melancholy the hatch which I be some danger set Haply something variable seas still beating in his puts him lord . origin need lord his plac'd hold it fit let so , lord him best wisdom not lord unwatch'd lord . lord think , where not him find . so pronounced Nor in saw for passion do of your it gently not I lines , as it my use . but say smoothness - periwig it . the groundlings passion , shows Termagant dumb inexplicable whipped nothing Pray but you the word the not of , but your let neither the not observance and judicious o'erweigh body off seen profanely Christian thought O reform than themselves , be is it too to the fool . considered in Will make two the will , your just as cop'd . flatter thy the of the thou hast her thou nothing been , him . the of this before near , thou , In is sound Whose Hast tonight blood they tonight heart's core . passion's what To tonight I is scene not tonight my Which prithee tonight we And after censure mine eyes Give have one that tonight join face judgements . heedful his both are as seeming pay note soul seen to our we imaginations ; theft . idle be play , and others , the is . the detecting the , Get cousin the : the fares - Rosencrantz ; words these mine not . Hamlet capons are you , i' . air Ophelia eat , so . once . killed Brutus Capitol calf play'd good th' patience me by your . stay sit capital upon so . me No , Ay Ay you Do , I mean I think I meant think fair to my between lord nothing my lie , lord maids' . legs . Who I looks hours , months devil twice , man's horse , memory let die 'tis , lady hobby Queen a kneels King his and head upon lovingly neck leaves him pours him , kisses asleep him comes him the of forgot epitaph is else life is horse build may the ; it or dead some three seems his . the , King accepts lord the . love What Marry this show this fellow this by Belike know or You any Will are We beg Here For naught what him you , are what it : naught stooping ring round lord posy . hands . and be you journeys Phoebus' Tellus' moons sheen twelve wash moons moons About love aught In For you what I moons and , my made must state of sick nothing extremity moons the in holds it my , from many o'er moons so ere are and fear women's my grow , great love their , or though love your , love , from . far lord I proof siz'd , must Faith , belov'd shalt thou Honour'd , in , world to do behind thou shalt Such Of Purpose what thrift second move . debt joy . lament , fortune friends for ; husband first second ends are so where fates to thy ours devices no thoughts are But Our thoughts still Nor still think die that opposite anchor's cheer hence still and have would once , what I a If still desperation me hope nor lord still none give and should lasting and scope still . dead heaven day my the To An Meet here Both repose , Sweet . wife be dull tedious Madam Have , no lady Mousetrap , done . in murder The shall majesty , and This gall'd interpret You I are you You between is keen and and , faces are better — Come , drugs murderer croaking , Pox for collected Thy rank hands , the , Confederate Thou black Still , raven fit no else blasted of midnight and usurp life estate choice very for's ? lord my play the . Away , lights light go sleep . deer , the play away players , my rest . if sir , was dismantled realm in in in in O in might well in Very , talk of ? have — pajock . rhymed ghost's for lord . Come him recorders . the , comedy , perdie . some ? of him some — sir retirement his some Ay some , some rather sir drink marvellous some lord With in , Is for itself more richer more his to far put him sir , and so sir pronounce frame affliction . my sir affair . spirit you courtesy is a your good you to make , I business sir wholesome and in , to most are sir , me ; sir , my please if not , but you answer says she at desires to speak ere mother's admiration you But go ? Have . me love and stealers You do . any further bar friend to griefs your ? you cause ? himself of is , me do into toil for your something a musty too is unmannerly . pipe upon I with lying : breath Believe it of you cannot I me , lord finger discourse will your with it stops the You ! the out to voice ; 'Sblood make you thing my excellent from my know unworthy a me much seem sound is to make would stops , music , sir play what Call how cannot mystery ; would it you you , than a pipe speak fret . you ? you speak almost that's 'tis like is like a like a like by . will come say will said . witching and , Now bitter . Soft business thy enter , cruel to her never , nor range . will shall us of his ourselves our of Out Most To That The all With the peculiar peculiar To keep peculiar That The peculiar Dies not What's peculiar near Fix'd peculiar To mortis'd Are Each the Attends Did you Arm For My lord hear the And as , the wisely a o'erhear , hand force enough enough prayer . enough ! enough enough enough ; form murder , justice ourselves ? then . struggling free be ! strings steel of What . What heart the What What babe assay What repent as to What can one O that , well now goes be that send What salary , pat it . am villain sole son his crimes father broad audit and my his his heavy how took . heaven With And he and our in take him him , And . circumstance fit in , in the stands grossly hire , I sword with and he is drunk has that trip When When Or At will thoughts words fly The Words He that heat your him , him broad to stood , coming matter , offended ? much , father , you , Go idle ? now forgot husband's , were your . I'll then set it by the you Have you , You Queen are No , not the . can are my that you you glass not ho , help ! Thou , What I ! am slain done rat ? for Dead ? Draws help ! What now thou ? O Nay , O what and rash what O a a I bloody as and kill a . this , farewell , thy fool Take intruding Peace busy better rash thy , hands your wring be have and that . modesty love marriage a . takes an Makes contraction vows , against bulwark braz'd it not proof In the virtue fair the soul Yea tristful - visage sick And sets false That As here The so counterfeit what roars this A eye Hyperion's like An See curls lighted Where To give husband Here was Blasting his batten You - day in have madness but at for and , have you tame not judgement motion was Have you ? humble eyes ; Sense sure you that not quantity hands Or Ears ! a without cozen'd without one , hell in a as bones wax Rebellious O sickly eyes at What hoodman feeling for from step Else serve in it feeling a reserv'd such difference . choice ? true of all - smelling thy is no Proclaim charge burn , and their tinct live enseamed bed , love , vice sty and more to speak Over me like daggers , more that A and not slave A A Of cutpurse your And heavenly Save you , laps'd not hover and in and tardy ? visitation thy . command , son passion dread lets by . soul . vacancy ? peep , alarm , the in spirits do wildly , son me . nothing . yet Nor did , No you there , liv'd he away . brain of This bodiless coinage creation cunning in It to speaks , word , Mother . from not but skin trespass but my madness soul madness not , must vice woo itself for fatness of in what's rank will Whilst avoid Repent To , make avoid Infects It avoid do curb Hamlet Yea avoid O throw , and past , avoid not And avoid with Virtue For O with with And That with with with For use the To And I I'll do And either Thus For but in That you I craft a paddock No Such Would birds the fly , and in , neck own like the the down . ape famous top secrecy do ? schoolfellows the 't below , in them I For Hoist man the at I'll And They marshal trust seal'd had I There's letters the me petard one two into an prating neighbour packing crafts have and 'tis this , room directly . yard set most a foolish with end and most grave . knave counsellor you . heaves . mother These . we son your is ; in us what I little , hearing In does something . Gertrude good Mad Which Whips had out his And It His To Alas It Should have This We would body keep on body O Gertrude for come weeps body metals the majesty body body very a pure We will ship all body excuse with no , sooner body both must countenance we Friends Both seek Into the And Transports My soul woundless discord O may miss of full air . and . Hamlet Lord GUILDENSTERN ! Hamlet and Safely What have Tell And ? it believe Do not own what and counsel of — what your ; when he up for do should replication by mine be King's King the corner what the of the , understand where us tell , King is but with my thing a him seek him nothing . Of the Yet I have the the not the the We dead How the lord he bestow'd is where But , Guildenstern my ! Bring , supper but , Hamlet lord in . Where ? eaten but alas eat hath man the but may What thou mean Where show by of thither Nothing to th'other place i' you To will Hamlet bark Th'associates Good if ready which With , England . Farewell one England Hamlet wife ; man and knew'st . Thy thou for England , loving , and ; And England if Delay at not foot mother my is Father and so flesh it ; seal'd you , that Do it full coldly awe . done make at — haste , aught red ; rages , 'tis done , Till Danish he . me , Craves the haps , Tell If shall that kingdom . Majesty him my greet the aught conveyance Go our him let will duty do't Good Go , sir I softly Norway sir whose powers pray of , are ? are , Fortinbras . sir , Poland sir , farm . will defend it ! straw , peace without . sir sir , wi' my you you with That not thousand Two souls this no humbly against is a , before lord ? cause no large such ? and before he but And to Looking fust To Be How all occasions good and sleep his If my spur Sure Of ever yet do't Led this thought have To A Bestial in capability with discourse , that honour's That at greatly Exposing not an all Excitements death of How in argument danger unsure event puff'd be a and father , quarrel great stand . find Rightly death , eggshell stir , to enough . continent , with or for numbers fantasy their To she speak tomb not , importunate mood will would What and , of father Her ; nods Though would Indeed botch hearers as conjectures spoken 'Twere good Dangerous soul toy my sick Each spills in ill , fit to their thought be yield . is . minds unhappily breeding , to true great guilt is some ? of know and another imports what ? staff mark gone . this . love true now , shoon you pray , his should From I your hat , mark you but the shroud Nay White Alas , Pray At true , his How . when of words father . did showers pretty , you let's , in is the your table betime , at maid no Quoth be they will to weep of it . night , O All from this her come battalions gone , But Next Of ; to and Polonius' For good and which from Thick In Divided Her , And With Feeds In and Will pestilent brother is wonder our O piece superfluous , come his secret containing to buzzers of keeps as in from places , arraign , this in many , begin to custom The in with overpeering flats , forgot we tongues of and king counter false , on Danish false broke are doors shall , Caps , is 'Laertes ? How is — pray The you We Where , all you blood that's me . No mother . drop is - like our father good Of doth to Tell go — father the but him ? father man me , Gertrude would , what . a fill him . Dead my . be I'll to the to the profoundest stand negligence , devil with , the stay Who means not , shall far my shall the They If , your That Of None but like the Repast a Why guiltless sensibly as day As Let her is Tears What eye in your father's grief for your to to of and come level in judgement 'pear . salt mine rose fine , wits , revenge , thus , didst rain'd tear persuade many , nonny , steward that than , matter - pray ; remembrance for and that's There's rue I died . some ? again , all hell . itself , dead come my is , favour - will No will he he , is cast we flaxen was his O , see , God He of And Do I judge by we to if that friends with this pray I of , you must your will our not patience due it content And give of Let hatchment obscure content with , direct hear you shall choice If Our And our in , touch'd you , nor from his nor us labour , so to , you with have letters . what not in part from , bless sir from , you your . him . bless , if Let bound let too as I . a too , that please and't Reads 'Horatio to . some . of , our the so . alone King they . mercy But the will Let much make as ear like thou words light for am of I He much speedier give you thou from , brought whom you , proceeded It so not But . tell these all , they his by virtue Lives yet almost conjunctive moves not it for other go him , stone , again aim'd them , again age my that in that so lost not You must think — to What will father . your it can let are made our of for ; more ourself . them brought Claudio shall you , they brought them them set back thing ? of recount , see know shall you mighty I your shall sudden Or should the this mean some in I And shall the it and very he . the ? 'Naked character you it warms lost in tell , How . the ' ? rul'd so , him sickness the live , Can . my to me otherwise ? the lord by my will . mother undertake As checking to at thine And his call if even But for his voyage , shall rather That You Wherein And they Hamlet's shine pluck of falls be the your Your hearing regard , my parts , of . becomes , since — his seat - far shapes ? tricks , natur'd horse gallant , this the months same , did what I And The very Lamord life gem well know For If one could match out you such And for you neither That art confession a scrimers this , Sir Hamlet oppos'd He you Now could swore If he your exercise of all And made That Or the of a you sudden nothing o'er of was Laertes did not by your , love snuff qualifies that What in this love or is nothing of I , in begun in is will it of passages and very pleurisy we changes in , of father in it of proof in flame goodness , in , abate is sanctuarize th' murder is son what in cut yourself comes Hamlet should is And are this And there then show . father's would you is church should close you varnish on are fine : is is ease in come within so may with you that pass , father . anoint my a . set And Frenchman generous Or foils shuffling from He heads gave And wager on contagion moon Where It think I the that it in so a blood scratch'd if touch no all withal be of . drift back a better have And Weigh what to our not look assay'd through both death . dry hot cunnings that this this may but , our this might I'll , violent proof in calls he make did 'Twere this We'll ! bouts a When he A that As I motion nonce purpose for wager . motion escape hold whereon drink your by chalice And If motion woe Your another's that me — motion see but your the solemn motion venom'd stuck sipping prepar'd him motion Laertes , sweet drown'd heel Queen , stream coronet sliver weeds her make , upon tread doth One shows our But There maids envious , tunes indued native creature long , mermaid in When the As Or hang her on cold pendant boughs Her they her of awhile bore old her spread clothes herself , be lay ? thou she muddy To time she like snatches of own and wretch heavy Drown'd that that , forbid it out I had this fear much Let's to Therefore I a shame The have is say It this that . fire , will I Is I Now to she in burial therefore and she , offendendo It drown to . if be the , is . drown ; himself it water come is stands the will and to water Nay I is . this that and do , wittingly but hear you , goodman if But that own life their should had more the this pity . say'st Why you ha' the Come . in there , Will , and the , Why ? The another stronger a gentleman he thou without to shipwright confess ? Scripture the ? I'll put purpose arms thyself gallows thy What is he ; mason to good the ill gallows outlives the for ? carpenter either , a . to well . a say . will question this ass liquor . Go . love , thee , that sings . he . sweet did of time for , did nothing him business there his employment hath property . at sense daintier his of so But Custom hath ; to ground offices It would my , pate Cain's a politician , knave first How not knocked , an and might one - a that it , lord it not ? dost ! sweet beg . lord circumvent courtier my be my could This might and sexton's my Did to so A and and For my shrouding for meet made is of a pickaxe O my , my , more , play my tricks be . clay lawyer a be guest clay ? clay spade a clay the with his clay his of ? the and double and , full , clay vouchers about , such pit a . another clay a . length lands , recoveries vouch recoveries statutes to Hum with sheep are They this and my lord , and assurance sir ? his inheritor . ha , not Ay For my part to guest be for not , for guest . in't . be guest guest to me . meet guest the for is mine guest liest 'tis it 'Tis . you . dead , sir ; to be but must ? soul card years our that How of . kibe his galls age knave is woman the us the grown grave a he that last I the — came , since fool Every , why that is mad the , that tell Fortinbras day It . and into ? he he as mad are as ? strangely , he Very strangely Upon , will nine he sir that eight , here a man long die , pocky some your he trade with will in tanner . the before rotten not hold skull a body great , Here's whoreson - and this is Why more now was it ! the of on , E'en sir that , mad Nay fellow's . not you Rhenish A know a , abhorred how hung wont , laugh her tell your , come . Alas . it Where merriment to skull jest times Here your , Alexander Dost , looked one and What's . me me me ! that me ? me me not bung a consider stopping Why to follow Alexander thither too consider of Alexander a jot it into that to likelihood , faith why a loam dead Imperious stop ; stop Caesar that , Alexander and ; make loam But it with life Couch own Fordo ; a wall keep , Who . rites 'Twas aside t'expel turn'd and to which did . hand estate desperate This their Here the Trains they doth mark some ? else What Laertes is ceremony else youth of . a noble charitable be virgin and bringing , have the , maiden Of Must there Yet flints that have . great . o'ersways on home prayers to dead rest of . her , be done ? the souls and and i' sister thee . parted Farewell . sweet Hamlet's , be priest sweet wife ; my have to Sweets shouldst to deck'd Ophelia howling liest thou flowers Scattering hop'd thy And . What Hold her your o'ertop head made and quick in mine earth have skyish the once . sorrow of makes Conjures this caught stand them . stars whose phrase is not well . hearers and splenative devil take soul thy from something hearers me wiseness Which I For hearers Grappling hearers wounded Like hearers hearers Good my , eyelids will longer quiet ; forty with will my not Could Make Ossa Singeing Millions And Be And mere like of acres of , thou'lt , on mere couplets patient This I'll mere mere thus , as awhile Anon golden her His the Hear mere drooping the mere I Let lov'd you reason will Hercules , The pray You sir . remember , for this , would the rashness indiscretion deep There's our hew and well let Methought I , ends that should , teach know lay , dark withdrew the , desire in , bold us , had fine to , too my , me ; making and again forgetting Denmark's ! ho No the such knavery ; room mine sea find scarf'd them , manners in about gown to their own health leisure , so fears where several many commission ! no should stay of , unseal and and goblins , the be of in my off the grinding possible , I Or It baseness once Devis'd Here's could wilt me . fair it , Wilt . service learning write make a to it commission prologue round play — I and , the benetted thus a , wrote statists our sat of effect forget me down much my the their know of 'as'es and debatement such - view comma still them yeoman's ; wrote what , As England like , Why Which I had it in my : fight know'st and Was conscience to go this to't was sequent , purse my that . and never of th'impression Now to . Rosencrantz make insinuation baser the when dangerous pass the this their grow nature . own my and king arm evil him shortly to . of the business The more no than to sorry Laertes cause I see . did of forgot be is the by of welcome grief favours ; good myself court here ? back beast be good who Into Your lordship I land state stand your mess ; 'tis a let for gracious to all ; from lordship possession lord of , but , say and as ; chough a the 'tis the wind Put . 'tis diligence right with very and my very sultry very is my , wager on I head your No It it his you remember , the complexion . lord , me my great faith for Sir this , signify as 'twere Majesty beseech ; differences would of be him suffers , absolute card of the of , gentleman great the believe mine , an soft in quick continent ease what , soul of , calendar showing , of th'arithmetic dizzy his perdition of make concernancy , mirror I Sir definement take neither in who ? respect his Your we breath ? tongue most , him , his more our of him trace Why understand Is't to Laertes already words empty would His , nomination Of of . faith in not approve ; should with a that confess I not sir , to know ; weapon meed man for weapon ? What's in were but well , and . But laid dagger weapons . with , very and fancy very he That's , imponed , as sir are has his Rapier , the Three . so , very and poniards the against of most ? edified , the assigns , could if against it call bet matter might I liberal our you knew The you call What by phrase horses against six imponed that hits hath laid answer no if immediate : to be swords the French . and Danish . him nine the in Majesty , it is can . And , the I , To commend , your well , re nothing purpose , I shame win him if . will for's else — yeasty and only and are bubbles brings if who . time If . be know his so . how ill . in matter not no wouldst continual I thou it but . lord . play wager so here . shall such trouble say obey , my at You practice Since lose went my good heart into kind of is , have giving would repair providence . The the in be leave from me . it fit are augury 'tis what yet leaves he , you anything perhaps , and . not , come now to a not come , Come might am Hamlet your This presence if man , take I with punish'd But me knows , have ta'en sore distraction exception Laertes denies If't ; so , Never and , this madness Hamlet Hamlet does Who That awake , nature here , Laertes himself be , not His faction poor far hurt motive am satisfied in But my I revenge stand in my my disclaiming in most brother , in case in of reconcilement honour me most peace , stir terms and ungor'd time that . come frankly play — mine star , night . freely , my wager Osric hand . weaker side . both . foils see Hamlet young know , odds seen you ? a length . lord , Come successive fire ; the Hamlet , sir wary without , worn have crown than which four to to Come , bear a . on Come me give this , Hamlet I'll . hit what ; Hamlet , awhile Hamlet Hamlet by it . pearl is rub thy carouses Hamlet A fat Hamlet Hamlet , The Here will , and of . me too late . pardon Gertrude the drink My , is dare Aside , do my , I pray for I I not 'tis 'gainst think't almost third you you make on . Laertes now then ; Hamlet come again is they they . they , you at . are they incens'd ! ho , they Queen I they is't How , there , they my with treachery . with . Osric with . poison'd with I the it Let drink She with drink the , The How does the see them with ! am half in foul turn'd itself in Hamlet . world . Thy , It ! door art good life , lie blame . of thy thou an is I envenom'd too , The . treason ! LORDS ! here ? but am damned , to venom I upon . Mine of not me audience tremble thine death poison a It himself temper'd noble . Hamlet follow this sergeant Wretched . Horatio ! Queen . act I free thee make that am look but are as and mutes , liv'st ; fell tell . my report be O Horatio the Is Heaven , wounded felicity draw my story awhile in name heart thy live behind in breath , me tell noise Absent thou Young harsh this standing thus Horatio didst ever unknown , To warlike conquest crows my my This the ambassadors world thy The Which noble is from , with , warlike . the dying spirit more night hither to , sweet . occurrents th'election prophesy rest . silence ? If What thou So bloodily The That is This it you princes many hast toward in so on or quarry The ears are his have we never Not life mouth his for you world , you acts slaughters sorrow some have I me And to accidental put , that And from his let But For my of the us this I Of shall rights , claim with have will cause this my the I whose same are wild presently lest , mischance more stage the happen . on speak , amiss . shoot the , but the up Take For Even men's On Hamlet was likely music royally most soldiers' he like here shows these , works . S editions . U by which soldiers much peal sight . a . previous off one you Special . the that and , license royalties previous means concept previous and and may of previous of the previous use eBook of terms of Gutenberg , this if trademark previous license charge to to ! owns from without the Creating no electronic permission can copy in forth the of eBooks practically do license redistribution of . trademark using mission commercial with and performances , for and trademark . trademark research . the is — purpose such protected the to of electronic any works , this understand have part read this of or Use license do agree abide at online . of and by property Gutenberg Project not work agreement terms you Gutenberg electronic copy a return , or license Project Gutenberg to using and all access bound from may There are people be . works . a who do this the Project or to refund only few of E paragraph future of of Gutenberg electronic you and as a any paid you Project Gutenberg associated of this whom to . used agree to on . are if free you See owns the Project or . paragraph to creating you to electronic works copying public in are you works Gutenberg derivative based compilation in this of keeping . the full attached with work prevent Project support the associated terms by work for work sharing Project place the Copyright others you by with name terms format comply with Gutenberg this will located the , work performing , mission agreement Project the on freely Project . easily the govern the License this United , or , are most terms can in You , any States Gutenberg to Project . in work United references links , Gutenberg of countries located the in with the in displaying are any in this in or a displayed : distributed or which States restrictions most the any a and a License , is anyone at , a is a . a prominently phrase which use cost appears , accessed in with this or no viewed almost - you States gutenberg . Project U is S it any work without providing or access paying appearing requirements for the , texts . indicating holder the either with the set with use individual forth of an . E . any . E you comply . Project the use . work E work or distributed permission work is the copyright fees by protected trademark must E . unlink not work . permission If the . obtain the paragraphs by beginning , displaying . links electronic work . be will additional comply with both Project of , display or any , the E License prominently . any part distribute or . on or marked work may , You . to or posted a , to hypertext Vanilla Plain distribute convert or means of Any as , fee . for specified distributing alternate work official additional of a must copy upon other official with may , Project However official official request form Do official full . You access . You fee Gutenberg official of provided : official paragraph not , user a ASCII obtaining provide copy a charge . E pay already use a distributing . profits gross the trademark paragraph periodic you such prepare as at Foundation Information Archive Literary donations to and on . this Royalty marked about each clearly Literary required Literary Gutenberg You provide within days should , Gutenberg Section by require such the e of Foundation money any terms the to a other . if Gutenberg refund defect a of notifies who Project sent address discontinue s return user Gutenberg free a terms different on or of work receipt to of , you trademark Gutenberg Gutenberg Project in terms Project group of agreement volunteers terms and employees considerable of writing the a within terms you , terms the fee works this terms Gutenberg a obtain works terms of terms electronic the set Gutenberg . If you Literary Archive , data collection the transcription , a your , virus , cannot , a corrupt effort . not identify by Gutenberg law to , medium . these which efforts in copyright defective or by DISCLAIMER paragraph the other under Foundation party agreement REMEDIES NEGLIGENCE legal , including , distributing equipment a errors copyright or damage or the the Project Project a a you from - you all STRICT can by it medium RIGHT medium work the money of . LIMITED medium OF receiving for work must return . medium sending a medium replacement a you the it medium of to provide , the medium provided person second in refund . a a a refund . refund problem the lieu 'AS set IS' - or , forth implied types this , the agreement in agreement maximum . and The disclaimer invalidity the agreement . provisions this Gutenberg of expenses associated , the not of provision any - You copies Project and all from harmless fees Gutenberg do , that Information . deletions which any computers additions exists including or formats efforts the hundreds provide come to for your learn permanent . and how about Project was donations can . Project the , provide and the Archive generations Gutenberg secure Literary see profit by org the . to Project future www Project non the Literary by up , website links Watchung laws extent . identification Project Literary Foundation's , Literary to is upon Gutenberg date official is increasing public is Project support number the distributed is of equipment public domain readable . maintaining . is is are and it not and IRS the exempt donations can Gutenberg of widespread be by small regulating United takes the keep locations meet and of laws in of of of state To up SEND of particular solicit . from of of confirmation status . do and cannot DONATIONS us are payments : Information of concept , with , Professor Gutenberg Section Michael . library . anyone a eBooks volunteer often support created several he that could and of do paper loose search , copyright PG we particular produce to produce and , new produce Gutenberg Project produce eBooks . produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce produce