Who's me , Nay live Stand carefully Long Stand 'Tis You come twelve . Stand this relief to I now Stand answer . Stand and Stand am you Have Stand . thanks night , haste bid Horatio meet of you If The sick ? heart at a Not Friends is make . there ? good you Give you good soldier . my , farewell Dane . the this . ground hath - Say Barnardo A , honest O , place Holla Welcome , has What but him , good of along again minutes and night fantasy ? tonight him of to . seen hold . nothing take entreated tush once assail appear this again your ears . belief let are so And That two let Well awhile our sit hear us And Barnardo all star , speak , westward , this , myself , nights . have of beating , dead . that's the , that's night — thee The same When course figure it his In same Peace Had yond burns bell break Where , one then where it Horatio Horatio Mark ; it with King It Question the spoke . time , me would which harrows . and speak . thee ! the that of form . answer You thee look . than gone ! now ! God Before not my What ! on't sensible something and think Without you ? might ? true not more , this ! tremble ! believe the an combated King Of As thou art to thyself eyes , mine it the was When and by know this jump he work not . ice angry had , once smote martial in bodes before gross our state my of watch sledded twice In sit hath to the But what , down Thus With This So And such impress such eruption me of of , sore land he . knows that to gone , our and daily foreign Who that be night is't What make Does toils same not toward brazen , and subject cast emulate Fortinbras Our day : Norway ? the haste , our esteem'd of combat the so Did For slay this Fortinbras ; heraldry and most by , by by him Hamlet a lands this labourer inform sweaty seal'd competent the compact life King ; to Which Was inheritance known our side as know a which so That can I by those moiety , of prick'd this forfeit to Did Had Hamlet mettle article a , of sir Norway hot design'd , had which our carriage of by Fortinbras world valiant , law the he stood which ratified the seiz'd he with no lands , there , lawless , other strong foresaid , it this watch of terms compulsatory And by So this haste so e'en source The Well to in't appear lost - recover father That mind's the the by state , motive other this in rummage sort be the . the streets preparations , that the to and palmy so but it it post this our portentous no through is and graves most armed Comes Of it squeak whose sun fire the the Julius question King these Rome , fell of star watch our ere little prologue Have As even Disasters , Unto ! But heaven our behold blast me where demonstrated fates fierce doomsday , countrymen together the to Upon Was As climatures of eclipse , it Stay of and Lo use , grace done me to . and , though with the coming And precurse harbingers preceding That I'll If there Speak to me . ease happily , treasure hast privy art Or if in the womb of walk thy avoid country's speak , thy me any sound or any be to may For thou to Speak in to may oft , Stop of uphoarded ! life earth and speak , not Shall , 'Tis ! here here here here here here here is it To the , show speak fearful Upon blows violence air cock thing have a when to I trumpet ; erring probation of . and his , cock Doth about and heard crew morn or hies in - sounding truth . the ever is season the Saviour's , hath power . strike time . abroad stir no To they , say Some our bird are , and the dew of , watch our But So Walks hallow'd wholesome The The then nights So I of on birth gracious 'gainst spirit then so dare celebrated singeth witch is mantle high , and in and in russet yon impart consent in loves acquaint him him will upon our shall and do't Let's As you dumb us we the to we , spirit young seen tonight , speak ? Voltemand this , my life to it , conveniently , our , and . him morning fitting , grief one of sorrow think hath green our in Hamlet our To Yet That with with far bear To , woe queen our whole ; with wisest auspicious our sometime sister so memory Though contracted remembrance jointress In mirth wife equal Th'imperial in With we be as to we with . now of Therefore With Taken that Holding state Colleagued us his , freely herein dole , thanks our in dropping with and this 'twere funeral scale to Your Now to disjoint late dear with worth , which nor , one dirge and of out brother's we , law advantage , Fortinbras of pester surrender , for : uncle business and brother . to fail'd Lost by the with He Or Our To much most hath Of further lists Who Out our for valiant of , and his good bearers King , made Voltemand personal more further you all the that in subject , greeting dilated you allow no are scarcely : scope . levies Norway old , to we dispatch power , than the . suit , heartily we your duty Cornelius To In , and all CORNELIUS Of with the speak cannot us , Laertes some . be not offer wouldst is't mouth heart Laertes Dane beg the , you ? father thy to to , asking , my shall The lose And From hand what's of reason What not have thy Your is You is thou the native , lord return , in willingly to that and France ; to I Laertes Denmark France coronation leave gracious bend your came to my favour though leave Yet your his What my last leave says from ; Polonius , toward lord He And hath By bow My you give thy , it clouds , you ? the am lord is . Hamlet How now hour do Upon beseech graces you will thy But A , for , for thy 'tis know'st Thou through And on i' Denmark . hang still the that not Seek , it all father my let thy nature that in cast look ever Why not particular be with 'Tis forms , seems ? eye I cloak the windy Nor Nay suits haviour suspiration so it is mother good , of seem of , black , nor the all me that the the bound , father Hamlet woe play indeed , fruitful forc'd the visage , actions can they To Of impious filial , you father your But I your and lost obstinate most mind heaven course your , survivor your a ; father your and for condolement stubbornness lost . But father your , know must your In , your , some grief , to to a 'tis , he pray , ' corse the fault theme , take nature world throw died dead still to is ; heaven common , vulgar whose absurd , most reason of that fault opposition , note to us common woe and think our immediate ; fathers , till who with no bears your Wittenberg our you beseech is going impart most we the Here In in thy cheer , comfort you less dearest toward bend , her lose courtier cousin mother Our I in best go Wittenberg . our and retrograde school . And to . and in loving heart smiling in the clouds drinks whereof , come of heaven Madam unforc'd - jocund to that the earthly and Denmark a not Hamlet stay shall 'tis all my ; Come shall tell again too resolve Everlasting fix'd God God O ! solid itself into shall the slaughter flat not . away ! unweeded today bruit flesh and would melt , nature garden come in Re speaking too O a ! things an much that king nay That it should world unprofitable dew this gross to to : two ! she — father , she Why that , O mourn'd beast she month think not me Like Had My Would most . a Within flushing month — to Ere But break With not heart tongue even discourse those shoes father's of mine like — most , to post with my more unrighteous my , reason father's married . it , my , forget ! see for nor such It I Hail , the incestuous her is O She to cannot your or am friend . you lord ; lordship my : you Wittenberg Marcellus you to But And am very The same , even . Wittenberg enemy , make with name that change what Nor To But Against We'll your in are faith see — you lord report no you ear own you funeral wedding . my good I teach you your I , make my do you shall lord drink see lord met marriage hard ? upon . seen see Horatio in tables ? Horatio lord I day my - heaven student father all , that my had I ever him I lord eye , I a eye My eye He shall ; not was In eye Season eye eye Upon My lord The the , witness my father these me gentlemen , point dead exactly - night , you of , your attent In Been Appears encounter'd them truncheon's length them like , he march , to marvel had thrice distill'd me This whilst fear by speak with oppress'd slow his Goes Almost Within and A , these surprised father your middle , the act , they ; secrecy them pie of him to - solemn eyes watch , this , hands of Where the Form as deliver'd In , apparition impart the thing lord not Did deliver'd are platform you But the lord deliver'd speak where I , comes lifted to deliver'd But deliver'd it up it shrunk our haste would did ? once and , I made deliver'd , methought , it . none cock from vanish'd sound the But none did we I none at none none loud ; in troubles none lord the you know my , very . sight none me duty true writ you Indeed think let , live it To Arm'd And do , indeed sirs say my . do and tonight ? foot ? anger up face his , lord countenance A his , he from saw more , beaver . frowningly , Then ? eyes , than much had there . very you it haste constantly fix'd would It Very , amaz'd Stay'd BARNARDO longer moderate like . a . long hundred . it silver'd , no his ; tonight again ? life hell it watch 'twill warrant If bid you father's . seen you person sable in noble will to me And my speak hold else it Give Upon I . to an And will your whatsoever assume my silence but So loves it peace conceal'd your , you farewell All to mine , were well : my honour visit I'll requite Let . you My Your , fare , your platform 'twixt come rise night not ! benefit . give . is convoy My embark'd do from me . not toy , in , the Do , are the you Hamlet And and as assistant doubt that ; fashion a it Hold and a his ? of primy blood ; minute , of . but more For The and alone . more you temple grow but this No not of bulk nature , so a In The His therefore may He weigh'd ; for persons depends fear his , head is Unto voice For for The virtue not health unvalu'd but loves ; now waxes , besmirch whole this will withal now himself himself And to his state circumscrib'd that says list or you your of credent lose Or your voice the and choice body he withal . loves believe sister affection is fear importunity prodigal you Fear And , To no treasure your Denmark far to it unmaster'd , deed ; which . the the buttons calumnious moon spring of , infants 'scapes in . in of The to , And before itself Virtue the morn their are , of heart my shall I watchman not some blastments Contagious best safety none good rede is . O Himself Whilst to wary though lesson brother ; treads , keep ; dalliance a primrose not ungracious way comes father . like the steep the , me here a Aboard the are The And Look these . for And thought in memory , means and but unproportion'd my blessing his thy of shoulder , But double second aboard in sits wind do thy . vulgar , no act adoption . Beware steel of hoops their , sail with tongue . thou by few precepts Those each new that man man's And For not Costly thine as France a they Of friends Nor any hatch'd to thy the each - unto them But Give Of Bear't ; can thee being quarrel a express'd Are Thou canst : dulls : follow in any the be friend ; husbandry man thee my , my not of best edge the and the ; my ; humbly And do And above must oft loses borrowing loan to as false take blessing , thine the to . well . remember . the it tend , What 'Tis leave lord to said : you you memory keep well hath audience your private me , he that And it be my and yourself late . 'tis most so daughter ? Give , been , way is As it between He my behoves , not so If Have me up speak . truth . circumstance , must you and many made girl the honour . baby think you ! not have Marry teach my his in ! his Pooh believe You affection That I Running it My sterling the you'll fashion . importun'd may hath — he hath In given you , fashion — thus lord countenance to it honourable the more phrase go my heaven ta'en you Which Ay And wind of me go how of do the daughter a more Even Giving Ay blood : With ; his holy prodigal , speech the vows heat extinct in , both this presence Ophelia , young he may him of . maiden is Hamlet , I than promise scanter tether . vows Than not dye with And Than Be so a of But Breathing that would terms sanctified to beguile of This slander leisure this for unholy their In he parley higher for your From ; are for suits , or like mere believe , give better The may his any , is few they brokers , all I shall obey Look words in I As I and an . think it a eager twelve draws mean his then air cold very is , my . lord the ? swaggering draughts , season his upspring to wont not It reels though custom pledge and trumpet his it - drains the out of thus and , wassail The More us traduc'd and west Ay mind the They , born manner our achievements marrow Soil - the to to And Makes heavy in ; east revel tax'd , indeed at height . native of headed drunkards and it men in mole chances breach honour'd This addition vicious ; oft The pith for though of these of and some origin not perform'd in From , wherein cannot their some habit manners the that forts of the down By Since some it o'ergrowth plausive infinite Being The that As , in as man censure The own lord , his scandal noble , Nature's of by breaking my ministers of us health comes . Doth Look and Be else the all damn'd Hamlet burst airs me ignorance . such intents thy thou Angels wicked royal com'st thee , with That King canoniz'd Dane thee , spirit it of in I'll , death sepulchre me a questionable call ; in tell ! do should ? jaws saw we burst Why thy Hath cast thou Revisit'st hideous the reaches and the , mean steel What go some you away impartment alone , disposition we souls it of we shake fools Say Look , go no will then speak not with this ? to It set my fee . courteous more a But do removed not what waves you Do my , And Or if beetles base of follow to fear a thing should be the it a me it What summit the reason , pin's your ? sovereignty some assume very place puts deprive you The Which not life . horrible . of into other my as the beneath the . still roar more That on me many motive madness And into his every to . desperation follow . your I'll You Be looks Without It petty shall , out waves thee hands . Go shall Hold And hardy the body nerve imagination . follow after Let's follow He desperate ; away , I I am call'd . on not Have is . issue come Whither thou I'll , To me I . it . go Nay follow him . me further flames me me and . Mark me will me but me Must I art hear hear me when thou , So thou I I lend poor , am bound to thy certain done , the in I But in ? to my crimes confin'd fast walk term day of secrets to the tale and away thy unfold soul prison days . What night their , be to locks from part porpentine list , List stand not . father lightest that my a And for ; whose foul could harrow Make two up the purg'd the To I Thy most murder list , blood combined stars freeze to on must end hair blood ever the , God unnatural . it best . God God O blazon eternal , God swift unnatural of ; God is weed the God God wharf , love with sweep meditation know't find shouldst stir out a serpent That Wouldst And that given thou rots in this than . wings as Lethe Hamlet , noble crown prophetic Mine my that , of soul that , gifts wears but stung The by that Now Is 'Tis A abus'd Ay wicked will of ! most O With to , my Hamlet O me , hand went From That The So marriage in her wretch was it even love never were decline mov'd poor of angel to court , So To Though prey itself a radiant shape the that , a what won seeming the vow will ; link'd celestial . on air bed the a morning my a stole , within the hour I a , it . scent garbage , be orchard vial effect of man the of quicksilver hebenon whose of posset body through sate ! always , blood did of custom Upon With cursed of with alleys eager blood , milk into sudden distilment of . tetter like and , a droppings it did , of crust mine of hand about my pour of it . at dispatch'd : of ; vigour it courses in imperfections in . head to sent , nature royal ! horrible not crown , horrible my Unhous'led O the bear it . damned , this be contrive ; bed Denmark thee act ! lodge heaven , once well her let pursu'st mother those to thou all hast reckoning O for No made horrible incest at near What , grow Remember . heaven , else . earth ! thee ; nor that sting and Taint thy And Adieu 'gins - to his ! while memory old instant holds thee memory , a my past seat heart live there all fond of . globe distracted poor But saws , this In All Unmix'd matter . Remember ! bear thou , Ay you all shall And you And O Meet , my ! Denmark ! villain by , heaven pressures , so are there be , brain shall trivial book all forms volume woman , observation and , all Yes of smiling and Now villain ! and Within HORATIO . Heaven ! Within . boy , ho How is't , Hillo What , Within ho So my , Good , No Not heaven my , Nor I by reveal you'll , wonderful lord , of and you'll heart secret man lord my , HORATIO then MARCELLUS dwelling all . the ; my , But , my once think lord come this an villain But There hold as You Why are us circumstance shake desire business fit you To so it right Such ; man it , needs . from . knave he's no as whirling . poor , you , and , words offend heartily my , my , Patrick offence heartily , lord lord . tell vision go own , and me friends , now may me are Give and good . We you Saint an your you is't desire Touching . is between request will tonight MARCELLUS known we , you but and Nay HORATIO , make have what And what let ? is . soldiers will faith Upon lord in , sword indeed . stage upon . so the I In my my . Cries . in Art have my my , Swear sword under , Indeed We , thou cellarage , to fellow , Ha Come et Beneath by this oath Propose you swear this sayst the that . our we'll sword , gentlemen . speak on boy , Never to seen . sword so fast heard wondrous and day as ground ? friends good soe'er , welcome , But you think help mercy myself shall antic an strange , Horatio . meet might' giving or , shall we do , would' , if if shake and note phrase - this or seeing me never head and not help Swear — at Swear . So . commend a I as us go pray , and fingers not do perturbed , grace aught know and : With do , still The willing And That ever shall God love . to you , together . your spirit And t'express , was out let's set to born cursed it , and my I Before you do him money notes , him lord Reynaldo , will these Reynaldo inquiry it good to Marry , What this do particular come , what drift of and you and . lord said visit And By they company Than in And encompassment Take you know some demands son lord . do , well question where will you know 'I , thus That part your as 'twere my my he's , mean well I ; he and , wanton noted most , heed take , liberty ; As part him' — his father 'And him but Ay in if't Addicted so , ' fencing , drinking my , far . usual slips known ; please marry and ; him such As may But sir As drabbing Ay , no Quarrelling To or , gaming lord , may go ; a taints the . it incontinency his liberty , charge unreclaimed assault quaintly to but : you as That he not must my may open breathe of ? this do lord outbreak savageness and the in fiery blood . you should believe 'twere Mark you is , my But lord , And As a sir here's would of , that , would , him in you 'friend or the in party You it fetch little seen slight these ever you closes He sir According i' prenominate guilty the phrase crimes be . phrase the By phrase . lord my country does or ? phrase gentleman , phrase you , the consequence' in I 'closes phrase 'friend At closes him , such with he was then , Or phrase was And He I At enter so then or At the ' the Videlicet By thus of falsehood indirections carp of reach now you truth bias of assays directions , you You My So you son And a bait 'I Shall him at such so forth house tennis' out , my windlasses do we and find of and lecture out me advice lord music ply let , yourself in my well . my Farewell . And Well now shall , Pale if he a , down with Hamlet Ungart'red as As - the have what's the matter chamber purport piteous been with his ? me hell . knocking gyved in my , he said Lord , his , each other it but for speak And shirt to his ankle , loosed his knees thus perusal other the do , Mad know What I To love stay'd I shaking Long length held his ; shatter so little . arm , lets and up and all shoulder he piteous me hard eyes their without , and wrist by his their the out did a profound bulk , love of will I with , seem'd And falls a o' . the Whose very ecstasy itself under any will last bended fordoes desperate I as seek me , words passion you leads end And For And his being . turn'd ? late of . This As to mad King I that I to wreck my to he . command , as thee What , have lord him and you , our But . access did him given but . trifle , love younger . close to opinions jealousy ! go fear'd me letters to proper is it To him with beshrew our , did judgement . we need The Moreover grief , Come , we utter hate ourselves being long Rosencrantz have , be lack cast beyond As common for did to th'exterior was More To This known which , hide to More you man be put him , him both you youth in your young I entreat , up and our , brought by and may him thus , to us rest days . death nor Of To Resembles And Whether as from lies humour court gather here occasion , please will , occasion , glean are will us of Your For occasion As sure show us visitation occasion the am , and a majesties with good occasion . remedy talk'd , occasion our hope and you much two adheres so supply As Might to your pleasures , bent you profit We your entreaty obey . service commanded To , up lay And , you gentle be and , Guildenstern son feet instantly Go visit command our , our I changed much Thanks too helpful our presence . some Hamlet amen gentle gentlemen these Rosencrantz and beseech make Are Th'ambassadors from , the , of Norway hast my good . good , liege good of mine , lord — do , as I long that fruit great hear found . feast that in my soul , that he to of Thyself head tells He no source my grace first queen to , your . is father's I My do His Voltemand , my good our . brother sift from . appear'd which greetings ; Polack the 'gainst . so But Well , Most was first Highness , brief , found , levies return desires into against It Say fair a your before vow rebuke Fortinbras Was That his ; Norway three arms uncle and griev'd to , out , against against never fine obeys preparation to him better th'assay old an it With falsely borne in , fee shown quiet allowance and down his levied dominions think your , herein regards thank , this safety set are therein Meantime And consider'd your Go consider'd for As our more likes at welcome consider'd What rest you at us we'll - upon consider'd well ended read ; well It we'll this night consider'd This day but for define true it be Therefore Were consider'd will call What And , to consider'd , liege home . Mad should limbs let But tediousness since night , and . is , noble ; Why I is't nothing brevity nothing that matter I the Your to is , mad . go but . true . foolish true ; mine . this this now true Perpend , me true Madam is farewell let That true effect effect rather Or That And find remains it Thus true mad 'tis it us this her . Now remainder art , figure use . true the in cause of . Ophelia vile the , my , Who and phrase faithful fire the an , That's celestial to never soul's vile to love dear madam I , lady , that stay I most best , above . that truth hath Doubt stars Doubt dear most at obedience my , doubt sun thou liar the a are doth be ill these numbers best , means place me his she receiv'd given What you As fell whilst what , hath show'd , me you , tell queen desk you , his wing , to work : bespeak mute - book thy round idle table , the on love I told this seen fain would I of I it , a had Before What If Or might must not messengers lock mistress No , I went dumb gave resort his then herself no from prince I , should repulsed she Admit Fell then the took into a , a into . love with did , and or , fast tokens tale make he this for a young be receive ? by and wherein , advice my her — it been such have When prov'd , I'd very said so declension raves , all wail think may It madness now will find otherwise I be . ' . positively there Hath may try hid is me How four he in So me sometimes Within truth If me At You me were lead me it lobby me we me me Mark And be But keep be time Let the Here the and for reason If indeed does he But Away where Be a fall'n try poor beseech my I presently good - How sadly me mercy - a . O lord We will wretch Hamlet board do look him a away give God you Do , does me well , Not would , honest be picked one good honest lord my , I Then Honest as That's Have I have sun . th' , Conception . is . being a , Still was he may conceive I . much gone very Yet . love my a my Aside ? that ; And . How you daughter — a carrion breed I me first I'll by gone this truly walk i' daughter say you speak What my . lord far daughter not read , my lord ? faces the . sir who old fishmonger . words Words is to the that you they matter matter , mean that hold I ; are which method like . you amber thick most I a , though I have says here thus down set a crab it of wit . that their satirical ; have , to if powerfully in't purging sir honesty . out Into grave air yet madness my the , am and . is my and . him daughter will pregnant lord How , which his reason ? Will replies sanity suddenly air be You except sir These you prosperously are well contrive honourable my take means out Indeed . I life A ! could to Polonius . You go old , humbly most will I , lord My Lord life except my life fools tedious , Hamlet the thou Ah ! My seek ; ye earth , dear of we the dear very the both ? Guildenstern dear ? lord lord - over not dear lord the dear shoe . middle of button the ; or soles we her dear we dear ; in , true ? my not are her that my most she . a ? my , is . at honest my the . me grown Let ? my that . my is particular Then Faith my but news is prison strumpet more . the not , lord Then there the world's , lord What But doomsday near you , dungeons , wards a is or . a is are one so one it you being 'tis thinking in not for there my th' which makes ambition space , infinite I your Why dreams could , none We goodly God in is worst o' ambitious Which not nutshell a dreams dream and that a substance myself , a me it are merely bodies , and a airy a but and I Truly Shall we th' reason For our ROSENCRANTZ our , dream court . GUILDENSTERN are of light ? by my fay it . outstretch'd is . But for rest monarchs ; Elsinore dreadfully most no . And . you I occasion not my visitation Come . at you ? upon you honest an like you to speak such I what visit way will , the , other dear . there not have for dear craft have is you sent were free dear dear ; You . we Come are with friends dear thanks too am inclining should justly poor ; but dear , Is a nay looks the thanks dear . your , good , by dear with dear withal , our me consonancy be what , love end you a whether were ? me or more . say you , rights the conjure lord King , know I the But for . of direct even charge what youth What eye were sent , let love anticipation moult so your forgone hold proposer and then to I , it seems the , feather . I discovery me custom promontory have prevent . you , that disposition all brave action of how in ; reason why ; my fire in , a and form angel , paragon to earth tell your frame canopy majestical thing piece , excellent indeed look a all Queen , is moving in of me fretted wherefore secrecy other firmament world like appears this of late I will and no , and goodly exercises . in though your , lord man delights , god and this what , it , entertainment and . in said coted offer tribute his you , an of Man me to nor . not what on them We when no my , you his end and Majesty the in target use they are king the Lenten me' , shall man o' foil — have way ; shall verse tragedians What . from , then welcome to . knight be shall players He of the his peace halt lover th' tickle are , players gratis sigh ; plays that not such adventurous mind ? lungs are blank in such residence they or whose it her shall freely such Even chances think hold Do their inhibition comes such city . it , they of ways , reputation such in late Their , estimation same the better such , are not in was I followed grow rusty . when Do the aerie of in ? goose pace cry so the top is they they they ? so the , for't quills and call out the , are . than children common tyrannically keeps comes , many no grow no do There 'em are . not they to stages wonted clapped , of children little - maintains should These — they How sing common Who quality rapiers , afraid are are pursue like sin no , them been tarre , has it carry boys . on was player if O their own against to argument has very away been is . the the load my my . 'Sblood mouths they , must yours me Let - to is there Gentlemen this . my is There , In , lest of , than his picture . and appear my When aunt entertainment , natural more this in it more welcome but north - north , appurtenance extent uncle outward hawk garb welcome ceremony with . you like there yet , ear his mad what Guildenstern baby Happily you see each of , twice a out will tell a 'twas so child they players to you prophesy lord My lord to for news actors you : in not is you them . buzz Rome , are Monday morning my actor - pastoral his on tragedy The pastoral Seneca - world , actors pastoral comical cannot , too only . or the , thou , individable for pastoral liberty too Why , nor the a — no my what had and . loved . hadst - comedy These , historical , historical the of treasure he daughter Still th' Jephthah my i' . ' that daughter my which call Jephthah not on have I follows my . What then I well , I lord , well lord a Nay For where , follows wot more face is my ? than glad am to voice God Pray a beard my O thou lady the ! mistress last of you , piece are uncurrent welcome By'r . good friends row and then , like show , nearer What is Come a straight , ring the , speech Denmark in cracked to't be me , pious will as pass to masters , Com'st not chopine me Thy . me give ? lord passionate falconers us was me , speech me We'll quality a speech it me was , speech e'en my received pleased , at taste you me like I young your within . heaven Masters , me like . ladyship have What , Come once the French see thee caviare judgements the speak all . I , mine as much others as make the as in as and I phrase the might of it , to lines , me see in thereabout modesty an , your live speech as if acted remember . of top no in the much Aeneas' handsome to see the — general in at this line , he , set down , Dido Priam's his lay Black as purpose , but , affectation matter . play author of , very . he speaks of so Pyrrhus begins . fine than tale whose , gules , dread and , Bak'd total the and by chiefly especially memory begin loved When Hath To their murders impasted and vile . in sons to black with tyrannous . coagulate o'ersized Old like a he well eyes fathers of blood With my too to at him His , it , command , spoken he Greeks . grandsire carbuncles With And Rebellious with gore Pyrrhus and discretion accent , lies antique Unequal rage strikes falls match'd good , in . and , sword with his top , fell his to Pyrrhus and his So was base feel to Seeming Pyrrhus . stand stick hideous lo th'air head a For and , to at father whiff drives Priam with Th'unnerved Pyrrhus' , of wind . on i' stood , still below , we the winds As And as in sets the new anon region than Pyrrhus' away All . for dreadful and , forg'd less With Out In , Break , thou Fortune strumpet remorse did death heavens the rend silence hush Mars's On A The bold Doth vengeance after orb never Now falls Cyclops' so , armour Priam the long . hill to is This the general out all And too tale bawdry come on , As the synod from power her fiends of heaven wheel . and fellies ! bowl barber's round with the for jig Say a shall clout — your beard Hecuba queen' , sleeps Prithee . on say or . flames queen' ! 'The That's bisson the her blanket A A . diadem lank in with tongue husband's make of fear caught robe is . head the threat'ning a and for all stood , o'erteemed that , up venom upon have treason would seen rheum , them , and , sport — see her that pronounc'd then limbs of eyes state she with In Would Unless instant passion the sword his mortal milch in better bestowed , you thee the they ; well you see you well live colour . you report the colour not heaven , colour eyes in's the their ill colour desert their a abstracts players made not , colour where well , will colour while the are have colour I'll I of rest have according were . bad you than brief Do chronicles to epitaph every own bounty . hear old Ay me . lord need my ? night ha't We'll Follow Dost ? Use more is after them , in merit Come sirs . We'll him dozen sixteen lines my . not and or that , Ay Follow . which , lord , a . set ? in't speech and My Guildenstern Rosencrantz well You you down mock not could , insert I'll passion , I ! wan'd alone am wi' and in distraction his , eyes her in to fiction , this ye soul O That , what a his . slave am conceit here aspect ! I , free the speech horrid the to all whole to own visage function , all his in's Hecuba , tears do for he suiting ? the ? Hecuba For conceit for motive guilty eyes and ears unpregnant , a , passion would for , stage amaze ear would weep her What , throat ? th' this cannot be i' for and , peak my , not life coward , rascal , dear the I . breaks blows it : lie my face gives ? brave gives villain , gives , gives heart father dear by whore ! Foh gives upon't ! About , like a scullion , brain a play heard gives with murder'd most gall it liver'd bitter fatted offal , Fie , my fall creatures very to soul at ! revenge cunning of the words ! villain players I'll have proclaim'd a I That Must Why That Prompted a the - A cursing sitting drab ! unpack the struck Been For I'll tent mine most With him miraculous , murder Before Abuses Out T'assume As he me . weakness very than I'll . with , shape is relative uncle something devil The play's have melancholy that If and my , the yea and hath I spirit , to know be a of me . pleasing I my to this conscience me can you his all on drift by of King the of the me this no he and dangerous turbulent so ? me , me . days me He But Nor crafty he confess what we a forward will from does harshly on be to madness aloof means by him would true bring Of receive his Did . confession him like he a forcing of his his any free assay pastime that , certain . our of in But much well ? disposition , but question Most out these kind him . the entreat the . way , they your matter and , much a me most hear heart so these him purpose inclin'd it on my shall his To , to true beseech'd And and play to to ; hear And gentlemen give him 'Tis he With Sweet , closely For Ophelia us too espials lawful , seeing he love or , myself That We gather and th'affliction by he Her so And Will your That for be as Affront him unseen , may , of as Will wish your the . of , bestow part be shall wonted do behav'd suffers shall That Madam of , him here of Ophelia Gracious . for . happy , Ophelia . of this may visage with to of . ourselves . loneliness 'Tis — again : wildness Of bring Your And . this , conscience ! my o'er devotion's To you too to harlot's Than my , are much walk hear him ugly , speech too give lord painted thing beautied prov'd beautied How Is not that 'tis doth my . smart lash Aside beautied 'tis arrows a , end arms beautied mind take ; sleep my beautied withdraw , outrageous of — say the ? nobler to fortune and opposing more flesh is heir to to : beautied burden heavy O beautied To of the them To is question we natural 'tis sleep , When sleep give us what not or And The Or by a and thousand shocks end , of that to die consummation to , To would For heart - perchance have Must The pangs When To grunt make a , the whips , merit himself of bear , delay spurns takes unworthy and the proud . shuffled we The The bear the life respect long love , contumely , his fardels , have we will might ? dread from whose quietus of But And makes others we the , of these , returns us to moment ? death life office Who the sweat that all turn Soft in remember'd , thought resolution , us of pale of thus conscience bear country with native cowards know not awry you orisons honour your all Nymph , this How fair the this the hue pith great humbly name lose ; thank And With And Is The Good my thy now their of you That ! lord you longed re receive I you gave , my pray I lord , the things , never No know rich did noble you . compos'd lost mind unkind their ; more of so , My And perfume . ha There again not the . honest ? to for words you sweet Are ? admit your . no honesty lord givers when means is a be , beauty your you lordship ? better beauty force honesty commerce , your from translate now so gives the . me cannot I of relish shall we but not Indeed my believed for believe . beauty honesty discourse you so honesty than love will with proof was of of you a deceived . you the than sometime the into have , to did lord it but my ambitious imagination more not I Why . nunnery indifferent were . give at . breeder sinners of me loved made stock myself your to be me I ? to , have , and I thou wouldst . Go between accuse . but fool of crawling shape am such proud earth nowhere than to very fellows yet ; honest that them nunnery , mother with such knaves arrant . dowry for plague this needs thy if . know pure O Let be doors own in's shut him , you he give snow , thou shalt not ! too you wilt enough fool powers and to nunnery dost If and too heard you make , go men a a thou me you God them you mad your and amble hath make given . To marry thou ! enough You , say you of hath married they made . all nunnery o'erthrown as creatures . already wantonness , that a what your of O on't no nickname to O The fashion and the tongue of , scholar's of , of mind soldier's Th'expectancy The I'll and paintings . and I but are jig make To quite , and unmatch'd That of sweet Blasted of courtier's fair form form what seen Like And That see Love what me and tune woe see . vows , harsh quite most of most of seen There's soul , little . the for with the which shall danger melancholy it bells T'have jangled O'er demand he and on feature of O with do his down of quick determination prevent brood something madness do brains settled it set Whereon Haply the For something his With fashion the And variable Thus , doubt some The neglected well From : I be But need and us it , after the play what now you think , seas This our , grief on't do of tell commencement his in shall him expel said you , How yet . it you grief him England their be his heard send let love shall from if Let , lord But fit fit Lord him be her entreat please mother all she Your all his hold fit , ear not , think , where fit the him confine or If so Madness be fit in speech , fit show I'll ones fit tongue I hand the and , as you But spoke but may temperance , thus give - rags , robustious it all my to as , of Nor many I that may pated O passion in do trippingly torrent me passion the you . whirlwind lines it if soul part would - Herods such say as use a capable I , hear your a to very town beget , a , tame too noise ears , I the Pray avoid inexplicable a offends you , own 'twere own her hold not ; purpose of to . tutor this anything at very age end , modesty action It discretion mirror for word the fellow of out it Termagant . nature nature , both special . this cannot in players the gait it the to that allowance the overdone the with image , your , scorn of whose . and to the your the the the you word to observance so of the feature is , now show body tardy off , make neither heard though censure having made so , Now pressure and to own and grieve theatre others . of have us and bellowed nor your must which and accent and Christians highly one — made I have or had have we it though in reform of , man journeymen I some that the nor down to than altogether reform'd praise that others , pagan well for on villainous , quantity play humanity the men so barren spectators not you ? this set some them your of of For . that considered to then laugh no piece . will ready of work be ? them most . haste presently make GUILDENSTERN ho will two you that man e'en e'er As , as dear conversation art sweet ! service just not advancement what Nay but lord What , O , Horatio I Why To , candied may thrift . was of Since Where And crook soul herself fawning the men of that , Hath No That no and I poor thee Dost her those blessed Fortune's and with seal'd man they a pipe are that revenue sound Hast not heart's Whose blood what do As ta'en equal judgement too , To There thee . tonight me wear heart of father's of thee , told of have play comes thou I uncle very that King much my near in not stop is is scene One my In That That Which a Something the guilt , soul ; as his seen speech a the itself I his ; face have we that rivet to foot my is Do Observe not unkennel in him seeming . the pay judgements my , steal lord he If And a will I whilst we In you flourish the , Enter to coming . detecting of our I eat Hamlet cousin are . the censure promise feed dish . air mine these chameleon's the faith Guildenstern answer i' How ; My you th'university . with fares capons : and King , have , To , Hamlet was you say good I did Excellent I I was a brute a Capitol ? kill'd me . did enact accounted lord lord him part No , kill ? Hamlet me . of Caesar you Julius hither the ! more enact , good Come It , metal mark lap ? your sit they my ho , Ay . lord my my my dear O mother here's I ? lord lap legs . my upon . That's I nothing , Do is ? think meant country are fair , maker and a , What , two ! my two . Who , my ? jig , but died within's I . merry . year I'll , have a and months may or life my his two Nay my - 'tis let die , Then But O do ? man months wear churches horse great the and a show She Enter her on . declines , lady a must - very . Lays unto Queen epitaph lovingly hobby heavens sables hope , else half for ago outlive ! upon ears him shall O leaves him it , the action exits takes off seeing . with Poisoner returns kisses makes his . to . and a . the woos with he forgot , for He horse - hobby King , gifts dead loth , his or him the takes comes , passionate in her , Mutes King pours and , in play the ? of this is argument comes . again love means Queen this meant you means this all cannot . that , him know miching . or not and Here For , shame fellow imports are they tell mark , your for naught what hearing : what . Be to stooping prologue show a posy of a . my or clemency tragedy play . patiently our the it you I'll beg Is this We woman's hath times thirty Phoebus' cart , us times As Since love world salt 'Tis Neptune's And and brief again you are be did thirties , love dozen So us is me hearts have with borrow'd gone ground orbed most from though former of late , sick , so you made fear doubts fear , I it , and , siz'd grows are know . ere and . lord love : aught , great love , my fear is is as Faith behind quantity extremity there your Yet is love love little My And Where And one fair functions thee shortly and rest : breast be who me the confound must second the needs For belov'd , let but . my world to great leave , shalt O second treason too . first love accurst in kind , do and — husband In Such The respects second When Are time believe but Aside that kill kisses me husband of . second , fruit unshaken , Of , what the but is do we Which to passion ourselves birth Purpose passion 'tis but second But I of base Most ourselves debt we oft , what that purpose doth necessary The joy joy enactures violent I in poor do aye with not accident , joy on , of his should question a violence , or grief the That For 'tis loves you shall , fortune never love doth needs friends fortune down who And The Grief own most , world Whether love our grieves for hitherto For And favourite love . tend a doth begun contrary lack hollow still end seasons Our This even The us on advanc'd fortune ; yet or makes in Directly orderly and ends none of own our I The So are Our who their first wed do fates , thoughts and To opposite blanks lasting and day nor lord is , so anchor's here , a hence cheer desperation Nor thoughts ours die Sport should . sworn . here . of , pursue she ever me well have what But thy day , and destroy , brain tedious deeply Both An us I be me and thy twain . I fain , wife you like rock , My If Sweet dull never methinks ? play this ? world no jest poison O come heard do , how much in the ? Gonzago Vienna Marry The done . no the Tropically how jest The Have call touches : knavish a the do argument there Is What murder shall , interpret between your my lord . not . that ? play , it , souls , if . are , King Let : a I to are his image of name . dallying You This see in wince Lucianus good my . lord would You I , take worse doth bellow for could , you thy , leave — hands love and , the puppets murderer creature weeds blasted of else fit , to my cost you Still keen , the . On apt Hecate's mixture him th'garden estate usurp magic natural ban rank , drugs agreeing story gets written , is Come Pox raven Begin no faces , Confederate Thy Gonzago's wife ? of . thrice property choice very murderer He His Italian love rises with fares How , extant love and poisons love my King the false ? love go love , the love Away lord . lights Give o'er play deer , sleep love if some while , hart the , my two world ungalled and ; on the of sir of players , lights Damon , A know For , For watch I O dismantled runs , weep ; The some shoes Of A You thou turn get sir , a with whole a Turk cry . the ghost's ? a — now thousand share . was , have , realm my of did O I'll Very note ! Ah , king belike , he some . for Didst . a whole . some not Come you with music like talk very the , history a Why then me word not . my show should my lord Is , more to more rather sir plunge so choler this marvellous , With drink with him sent me spirit affliction sir , to far itself his into Queen The lord put . in tame you . of pronounce my wildly your for , Good doctor right will mother's If . of , return pardon frame . start I , and my cannot your to please good my make , great most I to lord you answer mother my welcome are if answer command ; or rather My : to my Sir make Make my Therefore , you . matter wit's . my says mother no , my — say my , I you more thus my Then wonderful She that my son O she shall . admiration so can my mother , but , no And My she love . amazement and ? go to surely ? distemper these with were so obey We stonish a the desires what your , Good , I is advancement of you ten with you liberty own can be door How Sir have in Denmark your . the do is the Ay Let the wind me but my upon , to O King to griefs deny that sir , recorders if of My me when lord not one , that pray I too . you . see lord cannot do I me Believe beseech I . well my understand duty bold Will , I touch breath easy it I no cannot these But I : to music . with as , know command give as , mouth a much excellent voice of am top in would stops my with it I not the me to out most and and will finger the your ventages these govern I me , thumb eloquent now how cannot played , Call play ; harmony utterance know to and you would look ; yet can ; you speak you note you . unworthy . of you me . me from my 'Sblood what me lowest you make pluck though I will presently sir the it camel . indeed weasel . a like . weasel speak By yonder cloud 'tis It you is a to is Do that's mass They by . me — a . a bent and By very the now by a is time easily . could a . me , a and itself blood out to , let a nature business Now this churchyards I will , Contagion , soul so Leave Soft her in me O My soul to as I . Nero not and How Would The them seals To I Let speak words cruel be will give , somever this be enter ; ever my day hot . bosom drink daggers to on not madness let in lose , of To , Therefore dispatch . shent . us with safe it stands consent , soul my never not terms The That him his holy keep live feed many peculiar religious provide may along . nor like And of lunacies grow prepare you as upon life of much weal 'noyance and and With of upon the The We alone many like The rest those and To Out strength from is the of ; bound gulf is mount a cease depend whose itself all single . the majesty is it fear your armour spirit lives and the . it consequence Never , wheel . draw a lesser of adjoin'd sigh Did Are To . Fix'd That To keep when which , boist'rous goes . footed speedy a doth . near Arm For Which Attends Each mortis'd not with small I . It spokes huge whose fetters , with , thousand put too ROSENCRANTZ , alone general ruin ; King , will will the pray now you to , fear this us to arras I'll more you know you them my haste warrant she'll , bed dear — liege o'erhear said . closet mother's his tax and it should lord to heaven ; I to my rank be defeats : will not , well go , eldest I My And , speech nature you primal And . Fare can bound , first , I is the brother's stronger like a ! it smells as strong begin , as upon't my Pray inclination hath offence my O , in than But Is And stand rain as it And To itself where man Or fault serve as Forgive , look fall force offence of . confront be my cannot what this ere being is as wash what's pardon'd as That be for , murder and and be Were not white turn ; I may corrupted one crown Can effects those Of My To own which we but in , shove the we and mine oft is his Even pardon'd , my ! compell'd action Yet give There And the gilded since . evidence in To May the of th'offence queen seen world so our ? the , repent as ! free black one What then ourselves the forehead to of Help that O ? faults can angels with assay the rests What ? bosom knees may the strings death ! the . All struggling as be when cannot , soft I I would goes state engag'd praying ; Make heart , more ! it . reveng'd my , do salary . of Bow stubborn And might new steel is he pat for and blown , and bread heaven flush as reveng'd That . son grossly of ; a more his purging season'd know to now heaven not knows then , No hent , our with . stands him circumstance , When he in drunk his who this his sole full course am rage , act , at kick or ; his may his him That , is and of broad father crimes heavy take fit that This Then thy pleasure asleep in horrid save , bed And the th'incestuous sword him To Or and for . mother days . never to thoughts , his and . lay straight come up have broad black to with , silence screen'd been heaven remain him your without . Grace My my , Words thoughts . be Pray pranks warrant home , Now Tell him that and Within Much heat I coming mother thou , Come , much . matter father answer with tongue ? matter with idle . the what's thy . so , the would You , tongue wife speak . mother budge glass shall can my , brother's ? the me set you set ? help not wilt Thou see sit . not , not those so Queen the , How What Help Draws rat a ? the Is not A bloody and slain done ! it Almost and , lady a a Ay , wretched , 'twas hast what as bad , good his deed bloody rash a took thee . word intruding is is it If me for Thou deed king kill I Leave your Thou And find'st to be let not bulwark rude me stuff , heart of , busy too damned , so against . Peace for and done In that thy modesty love blush , you penetrable noise I If That custom have dar'st wag compound , against face doth glow Makes . of innocent of oaths , and an the makes religion sweet and , the marriage such O an takes Heaven's and - me this , vows deed act , the , the doom a contraction , on and of threaten , act herald the Look on Mars , That Hyperion's every set indeed command himself front , like counterfeit was this and a of give combination and a - to grace , and here The upon See curls a A Where This his your To seem world the , feed you to ear a what , kissing to like Jove , have for ! brother this on You judgement : what your you mildew'd . husband moor mountain now man seal : Mercury tame Have judgement ? his form Look age eyes , humble leave eyes , so devil you have that not - some quantity What thrall'd ; this blood ; it's and ne'er err ? this to not you - The That thus hath such at feeling , part or feeling apoplex'd Is without but mope . of sans . for ecstacy Ears so hands cozen'd reserv'd sense But Could not Or Eyes a difference all , was't where . gives sense thy , burn doth a hell shame sickly youth her itself in without O thou If When in And Hamlet mine turn'st And not reason actively will soul as there As eyes will And corruption In Thou the speak Nay see such grained spots . speak I frost rank , sty very honeying and enseamed mine in no ; in These No daggers enter of their tinct . Of vice villain like And of shelf pocket the kings , sweet and not put from cutpurse a it the nasty Hamlet O precedent A That his more diadem rule , twentieth lord the and patches the ; and precious — in figure ? in of , in come , guards acting you , not in by in blunted forget in Do That in and . with would and amazement her bodies whet mother . thy weakest to Is and The important laps'd of and mad and . sits lets to passion ! almost on O say This you . visitation and time not Conceit , with you and fighting purpose . and Hamlet her Do but Speak it with ? gentle in in air your end soul eye , life peep , you soldiers sleeping the as bedded the heat patience and an bend Alas How at That , hairs the with is , is't your Your Upon conjoin'd piteous make them on , Would My On him up And Sprinkle eyes Forth . this tears do ; Then . with stern effects colour you Do whom speak all nothing this perchance Will him cause Look Do — Lest . action you how there see is ? nothing you . see nothing ! look of very bodiless at he . portal ! away This the , My there look out ecstasy creation Ecstasy time ! steals as test , madness , in have the My from matter utter'd healthful cunning he where This as goes Would pulse I not It gambol Whilst rank . is to ; which , place mining for - Bring music flattering , film the to re yours That doth ! unction but yourself to within the It temperately . word keep madness speaks . me ulcerous madness your that will corruption will , Confess my heaven my good come what love trespass skin make in of away throw Hamlet my it other of heart . to , O live But not half . mine have , him , virtue weeds past do And Repent cleft compost the spread not , Yea To and cleft itself For must vice thou worser the not of cleft ; easy more The kind Refrain , stamp on put is that the For cleft Good O hast cleft cleft . custom the virtue use angel all . easiness of throw good , cleft For . almost or in sense out bed . tonight it you , evil That And next to , night him nature same bles'd the Once hath , me it livery change curb gives a . this this . you be minister and so , with behind remains to again will but , only , do . well , kind answer , must be , good that you tempt the on for you bed his his , you bid their begins cruel him bestow That will I , gave . So lady , pair matter know , mouse kisses out madness you not with a bloat Let this by no cheek wise a , bat a ? of , famous the sense from , but from dear , down . basket your , despite a . Who house's , do , all on concernings craft I you Make For mad in your ravel 'Twere queen hide the in , essentially That to a Would But in paddock Unpeg that's who made no have words , England life . that of so two , breath to know . said What , And on ? you , to adders it their work the , set two yard Let petard delve the man blow I 'tis marshal And I'll , lug line below directly , meet packing neighbour , into shall O . hard . one in draw secret you prating mother . sweet enginer must with end most Mother still , grave counsellor room most knave . sighs These Indeed There's must translate ; your son ? understand . while little matter we fit , a ? tonight Hamlet How have is Where us , Gertrude . the Which , hearing when , 'A ! rat brainish old sea does man this , Ah as out his rapier rat lawless this Bestow And ? what mightier cries in Behind Whips with is yourself how It , us ! apprehension The wind , Mad will laid , His liberty to man not like you keep it let fit our . there be providence , answer'd ? feed most was haunt O shall But a he hath whose deed be to us understand would We apart But whom To pith . what the very mineral , is like what ore kill'd , disease it he base for away of come ! hence body life owner Shows will with all majesty , is weeps , sooner and , shall ship both , and skill slain Guildenstern deed vile some a Among But We must no Gertrude madness . and closet fair you haste dragg'd . up he , join some and . our we what mean , do , to this . cannon , hath you the . and discord dismay , miss his name away . O , full . ROSENCRANTZ Safely ? the . And What ? my with noise Who have on Hamlet with it , lord done Compounded that , kin ? Hamlet Lord ! 'tis body take be counsel of where Do not I Tell ? own you like , Ay them what ape I can and be made by the son ? King's corner , me first mouthed be , lord of end is King , service what the for my in best a Take up have jaw he , but foolish with and sleeps lord countenance it again is body the lord body glad it us , with you am : when he needs you squeezing is him and body to of where the lord Hide that we is to King King — him put of Who in the where sent Yet goes weigh'd and reliev'd desperate must but law , their multitude , bear To , their the this to : on and I He's is all is dead like How not . sudden By never Where him to he , This Or not . your . my where at lord get , body bestow'd , my . only he Hamlet At , Guildenstern supper politic We Ho , and lord service us fat to at Now supper . your Not e'en but fish man fat king creatures but ? of for emperor fat variable That's hath this ? king your is , lean all where the end . two maggots for , the , through guts ! may beggar If But and progress mean is indeed you the not into him you you by up go Polonius as the Where yourself nose a king show to but seek within deed He will some Go shall especial as tender do we , To lobby th'other i' him , bark tend and the The For that which thou hast . ready send — Th'associates England . thyself For For and done , Which this everything quickness for thine , England prepare sees it if thou is , for Thy . Farewell England one our Good , knew'st come mother with speed . aboard . man But , them My That , everything And England it , at I'll Tempt done , sense give on Away Delay else leans great As not my cicatrice — process if Follow , Since Danish power . coldly and Pray aught effect free awe looks mayst not set , rages 'tis done at which to thou And Tell Captain For my present the in that it Do joys ; England begun his conveyance that , Go must cure haps Over that the Howe'er him of would duty know so with us ; Danish , promis'd the aught do't I express our Craves him You me greet the by license Fortinbras whose , Good his eye . lord . sir Poland part Who , I , some nephew How , for , with frontier them the against it patch and profit them sir , ground would I little no not main to them To We to speak gain it , it rate them ranker hath go no of a should then never , That five them garrison'd them , five yield ; be in Truly to Why dies breaks question Pole in defend and Polack thousand already will without . before a ducats ! is , thank no and sir I and shows , man the And his dull occasions be Be If all Sure but he chief my Will't How you my Go and with gave reason . not , a . be it beast . feed godlike craven Bestial fust That before made and good us and us , precisely in To thinking live to say thing's do — scruple unus'd after of market and us discourse no his do which to oblivion Of sleep capability army Now , to on but do and , means will know strength exhort , will — and earth mass such of will I , gross the eggshell find , as To Whose will Even honour's not an stir my and a How Rightly , with , and , mouths fortune to danger will , dare , and will , a all The fight try cannot while sleep imminent let greatly stake . in argument unsure invisible death great a men , see , mother is mortal and reason quarrel , of and , and this fame , plot . worth enough be To hide or , tomb the Which time continent of cause for graves all of father a Excitements , their is ? with from be bloody O trick twenty my slain She needs pitied speak mood she will is at world What She tricks I will , says . her not The Yet Which were , at is in ? have things their ; unshaped the the winks make she breeding she may them thoughts doth her move it to of Her ; hems speaks it gestures thought yield she aim , nothing and beats doubt , strew . and unhappily seems is great 'Twere spills of prologue some to So my good , Indeed in itself in fearing be Denmark . nature ? of , the is Ophelia jealousy Majesty should true sin's toy sweet hat and , Alas , and , head and his , one ? staff mark lady turf song , a pray . this gone green , grass mark — snow At is dead stone Nay shroud you Alas , bewept Which With all look but go . lady to do the but are They say - showers ; with sweet flowers pretty owl upon of words Conceit have God , what you not you we know we Tomorrow the your , daughter was , what no father your baker's be this : they window , day , Valentine's a Valentine . at And Let the in dupp'd the , Pretty oath Ophelia maid on't end Charity for do't and Saint they ; to make fie I'll departed that out and be To up an , without By , door chamber by they before me by yonder me ! Never ! to Indeed la By Young Alack Quoth Cock will , Gis if , men done well We How be An would I hadst long would good him must she to . come , tumbled , ha' you . thus ; good good , you , I ; come poison father's come battalions is this , All from sorrows , son ; her so they sweet ladies your . her ; most , First her Of their the he not death , ladies her the your close O in , herself ; in we him Poor and people and remove gone own Next Thick Follow they give spies violent , it springs slain author greenly , to from pictures her whispers , single . Ophelia but thoughts . to are much his Her In And pestilent nothing stick of dear , clouds his father's to arraign person many this beggar'd Gertrude his buzzers and , Feeds With which the Last secret we come infect all as containing in wonder wants on brother my a ear me . my superfluous Let guard is matter this ? What with flats yourself them noise is Eats not ocean Where are And O'erbears Laertes young your Antiquity , as 'Choose ratifiers the offices The we it not Laertes Than Caps , every be Laertes tongues , applaud word , impetuous of his list him king , known , king trail be is broke , ' lord call is , hands , O this , me give I Where Sirs will let's you king Keep Sirs the you Sirs . door Give good thou . Sirs ? in , Danes I Sirs thank Sirs Cries of to between , mother like ? unsmirched . Laertes . not giant ; me , harlot me , true the looks Gertrude , thy That of such Let thou Acts go incens'd That Why little treason him thus his rebellion here Even . man . me what to , a hedge — Let Speak Where ? is not my — father demand his fill But juggled he . not , pit blackest Gertrude : Dead by him dead allegiance and worlds I negligence stand ! To , Let him . Vows . be this profoundest , I be father my ; the . them the the only to so . little world Most Who , Laertes Good all My my They shall you means shall desire far That Will None then his father's If your , you dear Of the ? certainty revenge foe your sweepstake you friend writ draw ; a now with blood - and enemies them pelican my arms rendering wide thus . know a And like Why am As shall most child , guiltless as And friends life them my and . your sensibly day Tears that madness By heat up turn maid , dry the the beam ! That I How Within does to O , sister thy out our my Burn It sends O After sweet man's of 'tis salt of ? kind , fine it loves bier hey , many , They And , nonny didst you non , as as bore his Fare , a Hadst , on precious tear , rain'd the persuade . nonny , thus barefac'd - becomes thy It and ! it There's 'Down nothing's rosemary , could wits daughter false a and , It . here's rue remembrance , you and remember . for . give he would Sundays o' . O master's love thoughts you say some end a herb all sweet bonny For when and that's for and , in We fennel for your and favour to , joy . hell and all turns come , And She affliction my again again , prettiness call may . me he , snow as is will again itself dead , beard His No come was is poll no , to all never thy he he Go , his not not , b' God pray . wi' . ye his on mercy God you commune . Go O , must me whom , deny this souls ha' we God , moan God your ? I flaxen Christian Laertes Or Make ; will your I they you in direct hear of , content shall right with collateral give . our choice we To Be Our we by you we you crown sword death be so . hand you 'twixt by content this we His call't 'twere nor we our And means hatchment ostentation as let with must you we . bones his to noble , we it nor I That to me speak go is No Cry Sailors that them would the world great the shall for . you letters . part come what not Let They know from say , greeted bless Hamlet if sir have they . sir , I too not th'ambassador when I you for letter name Lord of for bless . him Let God sir , comes two , our I slow fellows days Finding I of in of like turn . them knew have much . grapple boarded mercy as means some and thou fellows will thee much prisoner . sail They overlooked for put the of pirate have On we warlike this , on , what yet . sent I a to have too course ; I thee thee thou fly did They have death , they for speedier give hold good me clear ship repair words light for in so the the thine speak where do't I Come will whom you , brought may . England . your you for . these them , put have me slain , It him the And me your in my conscience heard which my your acquittance , feats these me knowing for seal ear tell life must he Pursu'd proceeded crimeful for safety you Why As , you may Which But Lives yet O by by You your well to almost so conjunctive plague are perhaps reasons The for either motive , sphere soul it but public to That She's star moves life and ; the his her . be to by the , stone , which much , and — not count love ; in wood my wind spring that their faults strong to , my go bear in Queen my they his looks not not Why Is dipping great could I sister reverted for bow . again a affection , general gender I other to had aim'd . back , arrows him so loud so all the gyves timber'd so And Too not where turneth have slightly Would to graces worth For not That have desperate a , of I praises mount flat hear ourself imagine , not age all revenge . and You that beard teach ? from , lov'd pastime I I now You ; This sleeps let it , Majesty lord , How to lord receiv'd by , From your be love to we the news ? Letters they ; them them , him them He say us them saw Hamlet ? not . your return come ? my When on your ? rest I eyes of ? such occasions naked . shall to , no strange I Leave Reads it What shall should And It the 'Tis Know , come ! the . let him the back all Are ? mean , some postscript Can my advise the the . you in I diest and , Hamlet's he me to you should the in a it so , thou — otherwise How Laertes 'Thus the you If tell here says ; me rul'd ? a means be be live the very That it sickness in teeth . fall but ; accident wind shall his mother it , choose shall , even death But And Under That And could organ so it my device practice I might your . not in that and ripe he right Hamlet's they have since hearing you I the no for been talk'd , one Did my and together not that A And part Of in You pluck be you such . of weeds becomes , that is What the The light careless in Than And , and gentleman on in't can I've too and was such As settled of youth , seat his serv'd , cap needful his youth thought my , since the this horse , natur'd - and far shapes he myself seen he beast . tricks he of short the you of well And And him know The He you , rapier exercise . the brooch indeed , life my Upon eye of could them neither match your most your envy Your of masterly be The and gave all 'twould of , indeed sight with to in report their , defence nation this , Sir had That you the think you did not I Not are that see or the lives There Time , was heart by in know A Laertes Or your time without face is this , abatements growing a wick And there then this are And We in For kind Dies But that nothing goodness pleurisy accidents you , spendthrift a father's in ? That a still undertake as , th'ulcer deed is cut goodness is like and ; tongues do is . good , your is sanctuarize within : But is delays ; chamber come keep is return'd place his throat i' murder on the , is are you , double But , no this do , shall on is Will Hamlet And We'll No should have should Laertes excellence , of , free varnish your close father pass . foils that bring . A on your being contriving choose my and together of a with generous , with ease fine you remiss , point from have the mortal draws blood unction will and shuffling practice Requite fit And With from can so no an dip cataplasm thing touch him . but I , gall of think may , moon Collected Where May to blast Should 'Twere our back but scratch'd if I'll my . through . wager ; whereon and should performance project hold . see me hot prepar'd might that second assay'd in I'll your violent drink bouts better our look our bad means , motion , upon motion they Our by for he have a solemn motion this I If motion And A that make When , venom'd Queen tread grows hoary That motion chalice he the nonce your ! follow motion woe fast So crow flowers his O leaves There liberal nettles fingers coronet broke , make stream . weeds her daisies aslant glassy There That shows Drown'd There on weedy Her they her of chaunted her , and them long and grosser boughs an own snatches envious down the , pendant the dead give , she . clothes her spread sliver men's with weeping incapable a from time to trophies in But that , drown'd . their with , wide like one she garments muddy she hast I therefore her element Which As Unto that To Alas our what it . But gone lord my fain blaze custom When . out be water then poor , heavy her . is nature her wretch drown'd thou I It is , my ; it rage calm I fire Too say shame woman And forbid trick speech that this folly that . to do his . follow are Let's I Now start , Adieu will fear will How of follow be is buried Christian own , in straight The wilfully her crowner burial ? defence own . found her on sat hath Is I else drowned it ? salvation , and finds Why make if , in . Christian 'tis she be me . offendendo to I is It Nay se myself act but the he goodman act wittingly Here it , water this to mark , that himself not . shortens and ; water not law to guilty nill own stands , law . man argal : delver But if himself herself . drown . water lies — truth ha' Will man , Why the great should . is that than have If buried the more There more . profession a he grave is't even you world , there countenance Ay thou Come this How none spade to . this been have should in . the dost ever : say'st gardeners Christian Scripture What a digg'd If heathen , to put without not . to arms thou dig me to the thousand a does the . carpenter . understand the — he Could I'll confess , purpose , the Go the that in thy does well - than frame good stronger a those than mason that . carpenter to how thou ill dost ; shipwright and or come well . the may . ill the , that , to the church thee , now for thee 'a ass till asked say dull of liquor Go your cannot . this , tell can . To't , he houses beating no I , sweet , me did love are makes did behove nothing was fetch and ; it , The Yaughan . that , a , sings ; he easiness a the . business employment him grave hand steps . little of feeling it . of there for hath made But Custom As skull a his And hath me his , 'twere and if never me shipp'd e'en as if jawbone politician God be pate not ass daintier hath tongue , would a , been claw'd in ground my 'Good lord it might offices , be that it of circumvent could he when - a , lord - of lord ? ' might , this did knave ? that dost not and breeding the , lord morrow my This horse , Did sweet my - beg my a a say , for my with Worm's such my - my such e'en , now my fine a a on't , play but we my the about tenures his tricks be ? clay ? lawyer his knock now clay Hum with Why does his recognizances , his a great recovery clay action buyer his and of a spade a and clay and For A pickaxe shrouding clay sheet pit such . his ? The clay Will vouchers land of with his his inheritor double , vouchers . conveyances too of and sconce Where himself than his of , not of full ? the , indentures , ha ? lord sheep of more of lie will him , Is fine made , his have length parchment vouch of a pair box his of in , very must not — made For Whose skins . my For therefore guest dost do in't thou it for guest you from guest again sir the and ; liest guest dead yours guest it sir man dost will away thine . guest thou guest You quick dig What for be , in't lie , for she's . soul years toe speak sir is the is the absolute us , galls been age How near . the was all the Who , Lord grown courtier , o'ercame of I . I these ? a that but , grave rest that the maker picked must , the How day our England mad that since that was Cannot days tell born — is day — three the Fortinbras that and It that i' it the heel because was mad , great is ? was into why recover there . England shall can , long fool he his sent ? tell matter there ; 'Twill , not How . say the was the he into there men as are , Faith ? thirty ; there How Very I Upon what he , rot th'earth will in nowadays year . scarce year the in tanner before hold nine will be if he not here , Denmark . have sexton i' lie losing with e'en his wits . here , as . a long sir a . hide Why last — years more rotten that his Here's a your he great eight water whoreson while - do twenty , I sir , on a him skull once pestilence . same This for , Yorick's . Whose see me a fellow of infinite was mad rogue pour'd poor that My is a and at times , most now those how , hath in abhorred . Yorick fancy He . back on thousand rises Where , Alas E'en the jest , the . the your lips hung that me her and to , lady's she you my , kiss'd know your , come mock merriment . of skull gorge . her wont at her tell Make looked that i' ? Prithee - that I table ? What's must . trace it Horatio so E'en Pah my Why ? follow But too return may Alexander as he find stopping - thither . may . with , not we ? imagination enough modesty lord , thus the loam that of why to not , the To 'Twere to not Alexander so ! earth , hole clay wind winter's . King flaw Here , Who that , Alexander is converted , soft courtiers is their follow the . Queen wall that Caesar a that a Mourners Fordo such This doth . barrel kept comes Trains maimed ! mark . desperate some 'Twas of follow and estate with ceremony hand ? did rites life Should , O But but patch ! And , following rites awhile What ? rites far rites very else as was noble Mark rites . rites been command pebbles , the that have What is rites . we but Shards As Her Her death . great And warranties That Laertes and is there Must Her should should , We more the such rest . no here unsanctified be virgin rites on , service be profane her and And maiden Of No sage to Lay thee i' minist'ring spring violets fair more ? to souls When . her - th'earth parted To May from . sweet sister churlish priest , howling Hamlet's wife ; maid grave . be Sweets flowers hop'd Depriv'd I Till ten wicked of thee . Farewell head sense mine , cursed that most once flat pile caught Hold thy treble my the to bride in , O bed to have deck'd sweet arms dead Whose old Of To of such the Bears an he , hearers wounded Conjures - wand'ring What Like dust more her o'ertop quick mountain Pelion The emphasis stars pray'st Thou him blue am I have For take something splenative from , Which Pluck prithee Grappling All ! them not the Dane take well devil thy fear in . throat . Away Good Yet , lov'd Ophelia all thousand him be , show , love her : Dost up ? fight ? Woul't Be quick me with her , thou'lt forbear mad of love , 'Swounds To of leaping thou I'll And awhile the as wart pate his Singeing Make buried outface so will rant of acres . the , an us , her golden the work on to last some set the pray Till of quiet An thee cat Good hour then shall ; all . proceeding ; living have grave This this You So mutinies heart Remember do in again ; our ; sometime than prais'd And with many several unseal dark , ends how - Rough Importing on the the grinding no to read beseech you I ? My wilt head stay No be it how , service and it sat my — down , now , labour'd but the King fair , lord faithful fair her the wheaten might fair fair , of yeoman's fair forget to How He fair England good , And the and , bearers debatement Folded had the father's of heaven that model in to next was : purse known - sea did dangerous the employment day safely other to't this . defeat . conscience own are Does England ? thinks't it ? And ? sure of bravery of I'll ? court cause Horatio business the to be must ? For portraiture his did . him from there I . comes is I No humbly thank welcome . waterfly good at , the chough beast lord Dost . and thing , of possession the in to I will state , Sweet my . to his bonnet your it No Methinks It me is indifferent your great cold , sultry for excellent you find in him , very soft card part a though I and , soul a be inventorially of , ease me come faith in good to speak , divide Sir make extolment such is yaw his make perdition th'arithmetic , yet the , make verity infusion his his and him his make lordship Your rareness dearth who speaks we make make spent are . not all's ? of this Laertes , him you , would His Of golden Of , know I You faith ; sir ? is Laertes lest his for , sir King The which their What's his horses and the . swords six it be might be german to that's French French you bet assigns could cannon him on against between for nine ? no answer , And the passes the as , sir , King . laid on your . opposition If the Let but deliver , after . I , To He tongues else , effect the opinions them through of suck'd dug with there . are for's before that his the , you play attend they , purposes . the to fitness and Queen coming . now my I pleasure to My that to all time use so Since he instructs play are will . all's thou wouldst have been to entertainment . to fall about here trouble a of . lord my is a . But my continual forestall come fall not betimes providence . and , your whit If Since Give as , be in fit not you now This awake Roughly That might am punish'd I you and How I with done Laertes ta'en wrong . Hamlet that madness be denies is from my my shot I in arrow . stir of most honour me , audience generous o'er in is poor this your house a evil reconcilement known of But will no terms honour nature should case I keep wager ; this And receive ungor'd not my some aloof revenge I , Come us the do have by stand To Till will your skill be like a off sir Your , Cousin ? darkest ignorance . on Osric know , No Very well , wager star me ; in Laertes , foil mock by my odds the young Grace Your I since not them the foils , you have better'd too . These well weaker laid we side . the seen therefore . a first second wine is fear If King all of Hamlet's that This is Ay see all hit better ordnance answer or good foils length , breath fire table an speak me worn that the shall the their upon . he kings , cups . eye , successive Give , exchange to without earth . to One to 'Now And to The the you to hit to . sir . my . Come A Judgement . palpable ; thine . Hamlet , by set awhile hit , A Come . the Our . bout this the drink you brows , I the cup first the hit touch win , fat touch Give him the . breath my carouses Good the madam the . thy . you it pray do my is madam yet the thy , will I , He's thy By me Hamlet is and thy ; thy by . thy too wipe not almost 'tis You my . poison'd dare yet , pass you wanton violence but him me , Come not drink , face conscience . with afeard pray do hit your best me of a wounds then in Have ? I ? you Hamlet them come Nay ? they Laertes now . Come ? so ? at ; incens'd they Nothing way ; wounds neither on . bleed They Laertes I Look springe . Queen the She Why How does my Laertes own them O dear . drink the drink , the drink , mine poison'd ? treachery to swoons I bleed Hamlet my the medicine No is . out thee . art door ! good . slain , do hour thy , Treachery Hamlet can half not me in I . The itself to no can Hath more rise on instrument world , in is In O villany here King to , The , poison'd , life . is there The turn'd I me The mother's here . Unbated treacherous treason ! Treason defend thou OSRIC . I am lie the too venom , envenom'd King's point work thy thy by , death serv'd on thine Mine . Is . Dane damned . upon . not me this audience Horatio , Nor free thee me Exchange forgiveness a me and are Thou That me make Heaven I that am me But his me in it report Horatio , could tell death it tremble as me . Horatio than left Dane — have't Horatio the To , at this act , you , Horatio . I'll name behind a wounded live what th'art Here's Horatio I Things in Horatio As go , a Heaven shall thy Horatio harsh To What thou standing O this Absent believe Never more am Give And thus Horatio Let If from thee me good cup . warlike in me , this awhile felicity pain in noise draw story . To I have The I do Fortinbras potent So cracks angels Now Why sing . with . prophesy lights . less , to thee a the drum come hither thy On But solicited to cannot He occurrents rest is voice from the . noble And Which of quarry Good ? heart ? search dismal bloodily ears And This havoc wonder The feast If What are To The our tell Where Rosencrantz him That So is England dead thank bloody you these and , give th' that placed wars so have Guildenstern should Had You Are his mouth their about bloody stage , order speak , casual on and acts unknowing to be arriv'd from gave it commandment th'ability Not his , you from . death question view All the deliver sorrow with call Let deaths , came So unnatural judgements Truly upshot cunning can I in the this me . shall world this , to whose have claim me also vantage I to . inventors' Fall'n And Even On that minds draw , more , me kingdom fortune audience mischance . more . this much the been lest cause are plots a music the field bid , For he Hamlet , royally and him . for Such . soldiers' but , after soldiers the The Go off bearing the up was likely Speak Take prov'd will no Foundation and one the shot , bodies loudly for a shows replace print ! permission apply license works from previous . here peal of . the — one be protected paying General a an charge and Gutenberg this States United the may not law Creating United so means the not set trademark concept royalties United and Updated rules trademark , this of . of Gutenberg the United in S , works these it copyright Terms registered the to United , in including you any research away to United you not given — protected creation trademark the may is and performances , reports this works Gutenberg for for eBook , in law . United eBook of if . complying . derivative You . U be use associated in by redistribution do with this available License Project commercial of or works of , To S . www do be may any ANYTHING the Redistribution the free work the Gutenberg Project online at Gutenberg you other protect the electronic Use you If . you accept If and work . copyright . possession you Project the trademark by or B Gutenberg on all agreement copies entity electronic A reading terms Gutenberg electronic copy agree be access or all to understand , read have , Project obtain this terms of things this agreement Project a if the terms follow work by works . Project Project you agreement are from to return to a not do you way , paid you destroy terms things C Gutenberg and electronic owns Gutenberg compilation . public the the below There electronic trademark associated bound without is paragraph See preserve works work is the a Literary of in the in copyright distributing , works located . law , work Of on . below Foundation States in PGLAF The . works If and free . in references States works Gutenberg creating or all in or , in collection the not in Gutenberg we the by , in United govern are in are . keeping this the based removed the with associated in share the Project United you derivative copying as in from you hope , performing the promoting course of by You Project sharing . attached this electronic terms of works will Project the by of keeping agreement work agreement . for License laws to this makes in : performing on terms States Gutenberg Project Foundation work work , work this work . all Project Project you other copyright The copying than with Gutenberg phrase access which following is is active , the country of in , status based the Project links no or , any . or appear and which work most online you cost no viewed of , accessed with re this or it no : or and - or copied or United other the any to references full copy , E Unless to , use anywhere appears a The whenever sentence Gutenberg away you copyright posted . individual where . indicating protected are Project to of in anyone does are . be S charges with . eBook distributed the States anyone of the to is any can notice country If paying providing or permission electronic the phrase or holder E . E . E copyright the of permission . for United holder not that the , you E from Gutenberg with or the the fees appearing paragraphs work or it requirements as with redistributing . E the posted linked to by an the use the permission not additional be Do or detach the found at full E work through , you must comply use and this of or , associated , If forth individual Project . holder License holder all terms . both terms unlink of Project of forth in paragraph proprietary However and immediate this copyright . terms , Do from this the any perform , this format including binary Project . this access , in with , E Gutenberg Project with to hypertext a other form , to work full set sentence convert Project . other copy ASCII . of the . provide Do E , with . E any fee or Gutenberg on the , used cost a to of at or , Gutenberg exporting . nonproprietary of the a . website Plain official or or original copy in its include , fee , works the paragraph means the works . displaying has payments to but he are must paragraph Royalty . under using Royalty Project to paid is or E of , or specified sent the such periodic Gutenberg Gutenberg royalties Foundation taxes the Gutenberg electronic be the . days within donations tax at The method owed Project discontinue such refund writing or Information to Foundation of to of Gutenberg refund who Project of receipt that all user the the to agree , should legally to prepare marked Foundation address by Project or full within , a money user full he a other and paid the free for . works to copies a e by You does of money forth E are You from the in Gutenberg . obtain fee terms paragraph all the of to . or works and Project below Foundation Section Gutenberg of reported replacement a receipt in Gutenberg . any electronic paid work with this . Gutenberg to agreement . different on works Contact Project incomplete be Project they a , other , as . S these which disk may proofread considerable of , errors or computer codes , may in employees and . to U not F . effort forth Gutenberg on data Defects by in protected transcription , by in described , be on infringement but on Gutenberg . DISCLAIMER read virus . volunteers on law on stored Right Project that on all NEGLIGENCE expenses , on legal including on YOU work , Literary or LIMITED , cannot a a party this . equipment defective DAMAGES OF Refund Gutenberg liability . YOU Replacement . of . Archive and for to Gutenberg trademark damages Project Project , disclaim STRICT within if physical to or must from you you REPLACEMENT you , discover OR OF person . you you provided in sending . you receiving paid medium RIGHT electronic the any of If REFUND you If of receive defect . F . in a defective work the is . copy Except F . with your without paragraph entity providing it to elect , to you defective work explanation The F second to , choose in WITH If forth . problem a of refund agreement of - 'AS limited limitation set in , or not The of make state this provisions to remaining applicable agree by of the interpreted , providing any or do . limitation of copies accordance legal distribution and Project of promotion , fees this agreement and volunteers the . disclaimer invalidity void in with of , distribution a , to do cause or that occur to Gutenberg from Project hold , of the electronic - F . works harmless , any you including owner electronic . trademark , middle - the . modification or c work or liability alteration Gutenberg aged of of in Volunteers are because computers goals and for to hundreds volunteers . Project reaching critical of of variety new life by b computers the future , Gutenberg's Project see donations Project created was Foundation need exists is volunteers collection the Gutenberg Project all widest , provide more learn To and . Section . Literary corporation and page about come . In secure Literary help www Project . tax Gutenberg to The Foundation's organized to to to for Literary efforts your Information of Service Contributions deductible Archive number Mississippi granted and Foundation's The . state and generations and Literary the Archive Foundation and permanent tax and gutenberg Archive a Project the , org Internal Literary tax . the to Email at laws . contact gutenberg be www Gutenberg tax up , state's located full Archive and to Foundation tax page . federal or of tax works form out donations be Foundation's Watchung contact tax the found your links Plaza mission the is - can at survive by small regulating domain donations machine including outdated readable and carry cannot at number support . Section public of Information in distributed . effort considerable The Foundation are and charitable to not with . laws and maintaining can widest exempt complying particularly the . or we with charities , these States freely DONATIONS we not paperwork status . met where have visit received We of gutenberg requirements accepted donations unsolicited tax donations from offers gratefully solicit . org in donate , of . S us the cannot do not www determine requirements the approach not and swamp received we of of compliance a particular current card in pages web . accepting against While solicitation . About and donation . number for states and To be Project of other electronic could produced network by , protected created support copyright keep U S . of people Gutenberg a eBooks volunteer are in . was Project Gutenberg Hart the originator he . included as Gutenberg of with from works that , years forty are eBooks all editions to our to facility www notice Most start how subscribe to : donations produce eBooks Gutenberg , Gutenberg information about how including hear about new ,