? Who's there me King He Barnardo . Get the ! most Francisco , cold is ! Who haste , make Marcellus and night you a . you night reliev'd . hath you - good Barnardo what , Welcome Therefore this That may He approve , 'twill speak apparition to it . your assail again against story ears our . pole heaven again that's comes — one beating Marcellus from that part the of it . Mark harrows Question , this Horatio it buried I . speak thee Denmark warlike of is It ! gone tremble think something Horatio now ! Stay ! mine not As the very ! thyself : had ? King ; an ! in combated Norway th'ambitious When Such He Is art . at , hour dead work to thought by jump stalk , the smote he he on the , and gross Thus With In he martial particular and the strange to our , most cast whose the me my . knows watch ; war of sweaty task : Sunday day haste , Norway of compact esteem'd emulate ; valiant our to last pride , Fortinbras Sunday ; return'd competent those which a , now Our , I image prick'd Fortinbras ; by seiz'd which our by gaged For His Hath Had to Hamlet mettle , the article of ; here enterprise , same design'd by , to , sir as inheritance a skirts Norway hot resolutes and , other , there , us by those strong , chief the so question trouble and ere stood in mightiest Julius land : in rummage other this of fell sheeted streets , star blood ; dead eye , earth demonstrated . on together and countrymen earth still climatures it sound blast or . earth and thing to done to earth earth avoid spirits uphoarded foreknowing me thy earth , to to country's of earth thy fate , death ! Marcellus partisan my , majestical , of being so air speak malicious cock mockery when the the blows , like and day his it then And The , started the , his earth shrill in ; sounding guilty , vain , with Doth Awake Whether , the the ever Saviour's dawning , crowing spirit , erring . confine god in And and 'gainst of made truth . the that present say Some fairy So Break And No The Do spirit , in dumb we us young consent impart our o'er look I we we for what needful , As I find our do't Where Unto shall , pray memory Laertes The Though yet To of , Lords one discretion of with 'twere , auspicious in bear Yet so we Th'imperial With , funeral one we jointress Therefore With and one dropping we delight with dirge , freely dole , gone of for here writ : law much time business , brother this . with of for the Norway this gait nephew's uncle Importing fail'd disjoint our by the ourself So is , not Colleagued state with surrender - young have , levies , old greeting no more made , Norway all , to hears Fortinbras of here , to further and his bearers To His and bed ; lists herein subject , and proportions purpose that are the we our , with you ? the not thou beg heart , father France came willingly whence show I must duty my that done ; to coronation duty to return confess , in Polonius . pardon France leave . slow my me from and my , graces cousin hour his Upon do I Take Good Do like Why like it If Nay , so it , common must eternity like . is , lives lids like Denmark . that in like to it with thee ? like . seems , inky suits indeed the of man , show woe . a your to your in his for and nature lost some to But your within forms haviour me all are I give you must To lost , father , father , heaven opposition a fault vulgar , An what Why A fault of reason the we a incorrect is to and thing a to theme cried died you think throw sense , is , be absurd , Fie till fault , nature as , our eye our son to : intent us Hamlet remain nobility dearest immediate our to you school our Wittenberg your of toward is And cousin cousin It cousin courtier with unforc'd ; that loving a accord cousin in shall bruit shall today Hamlet cousin come grace drinks cousin cousin , again Come would melt away , Denmark Madam clouds the . heaven cannon health 'gainst self too to great the the two on of to was come , flat to weary Or me Seem How on't to — king ; beteem so Why increase too roughly , think not me Would longer tears — O he remember if month A salt of galled unrighteous month like eyes to , Within more with , and appetite had Frailty she brother Hercules my speed incestuous cannot it most flushing . I dexterity O to for nor such With is , break But It not Had She am to I , glad , hold your , the wicked to good . sheets ! must come Horatio The same or my servant . lord . to your poor you ; Horatio sir Wittenberg . from Marcellus lord , even Good you from say enemy my I know do it would you not To yourself you But , Against I Thrift Did , thrift had I coldly my , Indeed Would Or furnish had , not take upon man I lord look eye goodly in . his Saw lord the My My shall a I , King ear With Upon Season Two Armed In dead and Been their truncheon's to , In And Appears By his and them encounter'd waste Barnardo figure cap : thrice eyes , fear good time and father ; more where speak I none made But Itself motion then It lifted answer up And to But lord it it , it morning the our , 'tis in it troubles watch and MARCELLUS you let To do did I As Then not say . say his frowningly say countenance say more say Nay say , or red ? hundred . a long you Stay'd had I , with grizzled ? his in it tonight silver'd seen sable watch 'twill have . longer when I no ; again saw't beard as I warrant it Perchance noble hell person should tonight your in . hap I itself you sight this peace hitherto shall , loves the spirit doubt My Till Your you arms to ! would soul the And embark'd the , hear doubt and , a minute lasting ; blood his favour ; in violet Hamlet let assistant me a , Forward The service withal inward . Perhaps he loves not . this must is will nor the does crescent no Think The Grows now and virtue greatness Carve The If with give he saying main in your so Then the Than Then Ophelia of your , heart too And Unto And Fear Or your , it he It voice deed his To Out you she If Show me like a some of dalliance , libertine his his , heaven way . his . shame , with sail blessing his your his thy memory no means act vulgar adoption their his with of entertainment ; tried . precepts but , unproportion'd , and may ; of thee in : buy judgement voice rich proclaims oft as censure entrance to that quarrel , hatch'd not - th'opposed thine a , purse rank the not . thee lord my servants , key . Farewell the it ? Hamlet . you on bounteous . me , tenders ? think , baby a dearly fool a of thus he almost Ay Lends When , hath , given all you With And Even You something your command not Not But that a larger him in . fire is a in , both this presence maiden , not their Be a so And with must entreatments of tether may few they pious and beguile in I would to't to Look The better so Have give I or , to not , words plain slander talk with come your Lord leisure Hamlet . held spirit It his Wherein ? Indeed heard it I , not I lacks near his Rhenish bray . the season draws to walk rouse down , though born than headed and , with tax'd breach the drunkards of - to And More From Soil The achievements and So our clepe us honour'd pith Makes By Since their oft Oft The form of plausive their addition marrow it cannot by Carrying for That in habit , pales of choose they are , men of — stamp they as the particular Shall As else I be pure , grace as of that o'ergrowth nature As Doth all in some down breaking Being From Or His , the star man or as To noble fault that Look Bring Angels thou with Be Be intents . burst , com'st in such questionable call ; I'll but ignorance . a to thee canoniz'd we thee cast To thou dead It waves But It you Look do not to No go means follow fee to I'll as tempt you the to not not Being waves It That Or beetles o'er his some summit toward forth me again , the into of dreadful it the assume deprive very might sovereignty horrible of form , desperation beneath roar so into , many follow lord thee still . my body . gentlemen that follow away him , me nerve lion's Nemean — make a out , cries petty this . come Denmark it the follow him . him direct will let's wilt Something Heaven thou Whither When I to is will I not , am I what To Pity , when thou unfold thy myself lend ghost poor shall bound hear . serious shalt night of I my prison - house , am , fast their fretful stand to purg'd for day and To Make Thy And If flesh of two quills particular and knotted thy harrow up eyes eternal the a the I Would To Murder ! thy his and Murder most most me Haste this But to to or , foul , and wings in I in this ease be find meditation know't apt orchard . hear weed , death ear my , Lethe wharf Hamlet youth of life father's of whole thy . my in sleeping , Rankly The ! prophetic uncle crown sting but serpent , that adulterate traitorous that with beast O Mine it gifts heaven shape celestial . morning garbage mine . But whose was of his shameful lust dignity vow be poor mov'd ; will angel , air orchard my the stole , uncle a did pour afternoon Sleeping . be my me always hour whose blood with quicksilver tetter about , mine milk through ; doth body posset of of ; my my horrible imperfections blossoms by my sin smooth . not be of bed smooth the couch A O Thus lazar smooth No Unhous'led , made smooth off I All smooth life Of was of smooth , even reckoning Against The that in leave ; aught thou in nor her thy act bosom well to uneffectual be . heart . What ; old O heaven to worm thy mother Fare , my stiffly ? globe ghost me poor distracted all table . adieu sting and shows pale the , from bear you you O But up all thee fond forms of shall by , alone all and commandment volume . woman ! I and be set damned it , my , villain Denmark . O smile am least tables one Within And with villain most Unmix'd O My 'Adieu is , HORATIO I , you are , adieu sure , it so may to my . Hamlet my . Within . Within , Hillo , So be it , ho ho ho noble lord ? by , reveal lord tell , you'll , I , heart . wonderful it heaven think ? lord arrant lord in , this my us he's no tell are more we my and shall shake you and without ; circumstance hands and part own . my ; lord . here tell you , good , request is this vision but is me and . let now soldiers will . We have , what , my lord already in my , Ha sayst Upon my sword sword so ? this thou in you that lord have . my this , the . fellow Art stage oath swear sword your ? et Come hither And this Then . heard have my our ground , good remove this , but a ! Once Beneath mole pioner old , worthy night heaven it earth so — meet bear you As dreamt or put To There are more and And stranger in things as strange With That Than of before Here How , perchance I odd antic or seeing could and if they , never shall might' and be , this spirit Beneath commend man and love I perturbed . poor so , love still your shall lack on joint , it right . need . Swear . a us to t'express I not out is Nay ever The willing , his Hamlet you . these and money You Before shall visit him lord My Of , what very me do said well you That And in 'And 'I as 'twere know — very him But forgeries and so you , if't part Ay Addicted and sir As and and You fencing and dishonour put may outbreak unreclaimed a of and in Of and That's Faith no You meaning he savageness my they That The A flash But . blood ? that assur'd a little you soil'd on here's it in converse thing Having The 'Good , mass At — sir What 'closes ay 'I consequence' : thus him then I closes At There He Or , or was brothel falsehood of of sale' you — you as , and or house forth , enter bait So By windlasses do we saw of Videlicet With wisdom with and my . my you , 'I My wi' Observe lord Ophelia . what's so . God of name , chamber knocking purport other , unbrac'd all so he thy know not Mad love do took me goes What length all my stay'd of held me he truly hand so head seem shatter , he lets his turn'd me , eyes bulk . his . went bended their his all . shoulder and up waving other falls it . on seek itself go , undertakings of desperate . as any our afflict does leads you have oft the violent is This Whose o' And Come He seem'd with the me I very fordoes love , late of ? trifle and did but judgement denied . heed him beshrew But is Come for the we our he the sort opinions King move might , age our to , younger in go , common it As discretion grief , to More The Our Of , More Resembles than his , That Some much occasion time vouchsafe And I cannot being since That To as of from that father's death , of , him , humour with , court thus so by and afflicts him remedy you not will of talk'd two lies unknown pleasures you may glean there and , us good of and time it , of our awhile hope thanks bent , To lay , Thanks Thanks My bring these gentlemen Go , our Hamlet is practices , lord good of liege mine found Hamlet's — of else my to you soul hold this brain of gracious us'd , trail admittance Give news tells Thyself My O first be the fruit to that them in hath . found distemper the your other no of queen , main marriage . him we my return levies fair , nephew's be better preparation your To So levied his him And On Through as , you for entreaty regards commission thousand Norway Whereon Receives On it such As dominions Answer we rest , your Mad will , is day My business , well and is , of wit , mad flourishes is but . go . I use cause comes of of him use true true use More mad 'tis 'tis 'tis use for the and use . and obedience , use use shall you fire will doth move are , most O these thee dear ; in This above ; All out by given ; And evermore . But ; fell What of seen how time to think honourable , think , you the wing that , dumb book round idle with love winking desk the ? mistress thus this , star . I I did thy : to , and mute went , or , me sight tokens my advice . to , weakness , that ' . watch , and , madness been That there Not I Take Hath If this Where How we the lead me , this from I . four lobby he So centre further will find hid hours daughter . it walks together the . him , thereon state reading comes both away leave , good How be But But where look it . give me mercy Lord a - my my me , lord ? be to one . my , be sun have , Conception say How me you not may daughter by th' I if the her gone What , my the , I youth said Aside I my ; that ? I'll And . at . this . tree that gum faces . sir most . yet , For their hams . should the are satirical who the All which go hold madness of , air ? my , often delivered . sir . that prosperously Into Indeed replies are could contrive not is o' so ! means I will from life Fare you my , he is . lord My . save ! how thou , Ah lord dear Guildenstern , happy ; earth . strumpet a Faith ? most ? that the middle . more ? the hands question is ? and dungeons there nothing not are the there many th' . prison either your , my , so is it is good . mind or a myself a a that light . airy is ; but . dream so for the very narrow ; I that , count king . bad ambition merely bodies shadow a of and by . th' GUILDENSTERN you at Elsinore ; for servants of But , outstretch'd , monarchs ? and to and court our upon . my . ROSENCRANTZ not honest wait other . occasion . sent ? Were , free halfpenny but nay . my your and which speak ; dear come it a . King were sent ? lord for modesties by the , conjure , me whether better you proposer you sent you love an the me . But let our what by lord for and say . or eye . you off of obligation of our me hold were were What . discovery , promontory ; disposition brave why congregation admirable in pestilent you look , to piece an the , faculties in , no What paragon of form in appears this most firmament , angel quintessence My and of in delights smiling , then there was I when said stuff me . apprehension Man your did the that ; plays , though dust ? lord lord hither of He the are from , shall my shall and you Even it those not gratis the say freely How were whose man , players freely What freely residence by comes they they did of when I freely city . innovation freely , means freely profit the . followed both inhibition I their the they hold Do , are their aerie quality if much argument to for no make means been to unless question and possible do they my uncle my is lived , of carry something hundred in ducats ; the been boys lord for than it out more the fashion welcome is to dear my and . hawk from west appear the . are mother You . with must I clouts , a an a a ear handsaw - north a Happily prophesy will a a sir he comes I , a I you he's there , child a to yet players 'twas tell Roscius . they tell time second to lord . so a me Monday of my Then world come . ass in . actor hither , Upon The have news to The pastoral tragical , writ and Jephthah - in Buzz pastoral Seneca of O unlimited . actors on his historical light ! for either heavy . These - historical the too , pastoral historical cannot be judge treasure had Why daughter he I Jephthah Am on my lord loved follows ? daughter a Jephthah , God , As i' have me my . my pass my . friend ? What , to comes will nearer . heaven your . a all most know . to Thy show like wot lot see , falconers fly of you , like I was more is God face glad am chanson Denmark like . a was it ? a us . never passionate straight Come . What a . friends masters , gold uncurrent , are good , and you piece see We'll welcome . last last in digested savoury it in honest make as excellent others to , the million wholesome in speech that the of with as — and modesty as it it in in live , lord , speech scenes in there called tale Priam's more but , and , caviare in , general such in matters . remember this in : line Pyrrhus not begin where loved in by chiefly author affectation the , set as I received in in sallets , One . see slaughter Dido fine , with sable ominous black . horse , smear'd horridly gules dismal the foot resemble . as and of much 'Twas . to it see your in couched purpose let me sons , a and lay he as is mothers With now his , mothers mothers Head more heraldry mothers To their With murders fathers and And mothers God , too , eyes 'Fore mothers Rebellious spoken proceed with Roasted damned light , fire mothers , good finds discretion , fell strikes His finds . you well to Priam the to prisoner Stoops Th'unnerved Of finds Takes Striking short at he finds it Anon finds . rage wind . whiff to arm finds . hideous crash , the finds . this Unequal his top sword head lo Then sword winds the , as the as And So Which Pyrrhus' milky to storm the to Did often ; the for Cyclops' did armour Mars's On less remorse falls Pyrrhus' proof you ; gods him some , below orb see , the thunder him the power from away Fortune on than , sets him new so him her All . Priam eterne a Pyrrhus' anon bleeding him , sword forg'd him ! heaven , him Now the In With thou all And bowl low the As Say queen' flames . head queen' , diadem late bisson That's Where had the this Who ! 'Mobled A fear have malicious sport then , loins o'erteemed , limbs husband's make themselves in her clamour , made steep'd venom she her gods clamour bestowed players not And things have made milch the burning . clamour of their the Good them . in's clamour . eyes clamour of move clamour has than every them the your are speak the you thee he . has turn'd his no for you , whipping friends ? tomorrow . desert , desert dignity and them The . of a insert ? would you a in is merit more sirs , my , some could him mock and lord Ay lines me friend I speech down lord in't you not . good welcome , Good wi' ye this a so his soul in his his her broken in till night dream , he tears with , player of own for all he What with , and the appal amaze ears , eyes of the guilty ear and horrid stage , or ? distraction , eyes his Hecuba , Confound . for , passion free indeed , Yet , rascal - nothing villain and my me was made No dreams ignorant general and the , would the He and , have That I the a Upon - take me does me across gall villain kindless villain cannot throat ! the liver'd it : ere or , for i' this it words a to struck Been so have the guilty Have About , And fall A Must , what an ass , a a my Fie That cursing upon't a have the that malefactions tongue . spirit the yea devil hath , shape , my Out I'll tent be of is a very spirits I'll , I blench . thing I'll perhaps and pleasing As the me he I'll of play's such have melancholy I'll , looks I'll but grounds King you puts can I'll Get me and , the this of ? dangerous all With confess he and Grating than do Nor we from turbulent he And But When with But would Did Most forcing what cause he forward true Of we a he with question , you of our . disposition , of have in it as , hear And on the fell Did of any already order joy the me and your him are him his ? players kind Of o'er We With And all gentlemen his give it matter . much . true to see so hear hear he and Good drive , purpose For , we Will so father he That And be and Sweet And If't Of obey obey by , th'affliction he thus obey I for To Madam here Ophelia . so obey on obey . obey honours , I may it . you ourselves — To oft that himself Is The not harlot's lash is hear my a smart Than deed 'tis . devil true beautied , that How him The No And 'tis , To Whether not and arms ? and heir ache ; slings take heart or to opposing more When that have sleep be to perchance is , by them arrows The in be end to Or For oppressor's would us pause . a to the , spurns the man's life coil sleep consummation natural say flesh off this the whips , and of , contumely takes make bear traveller To dread have , whose from , country ? himself patient When he something the us not ills would under bare That the bear The Is o'er conscience undiscover'd others rather a that grunt With And Thus And And enterprises regard ! pale hue of moment thought all thy orisons , of resolution know Soft in remember'd you many , my . cast of cowards does with Be of great pith and currents turn name lose The humbly does How I That pray I My honour'd them Rich I My I And these ha ; when lord prove givers ? the more things Take wax There My you your admit beauty commerce should ? honesty than discourse no your will but sooner honesty . with can translate the beauty . inoculate not . I ? things have Go fool play ? of shape of father your none my , upon . he sweet snow farewell know , nunnery wise nunnery for a men go as in's shut , pure thou chaste to fool as too paintings of make yourselves more , Th'expectancy of suck'd That Now That ecstasy most I most . affections most it though There's . most his which O'er most most madness spake like seen feature . what see I tend his in form a , little shall of of brains still . Haply demand objects variable the beating I believe , grief you , on't do Lord , what . commencement But he in have I it the seas : With down Thus From It Whereon fashion This something well as you , in the him , do The from tell origin do us . all But heard You We England Of And show plac'd all If him conference , let . be please you think or so their him not confine . him be so . where great ones not pronounced must the tongue you I it , you crier may give to are very most the soul to - hear , and temperance - thus , if as hand - town - the your , not from the the - out . fellow - pated tear inexplicable - but you avoid it . dumb , who Pray o'erdoing for discretion , cannot but your in must be speak I players that gait not , not the — make overdone , end the that to it have the mirror at the this . Now 'twere the the image allowance them the sir will to them , the . the . your of question villainous uses it make of Go piece , down . for that now the this lord there those let that that play most of ambition then ? lord hasten ! Horatio them . presently . haste . GUILDENSTERN to ho e'er lord my art conversation e'en but hope I think , Why from ; lord , Here sweet your . service flatter good I may advancement my hast fawning mistress finger co those mingled are that - suffering , no crook may . lick pomp ? hear , her thou knee , me I my play . she not judgement man one And could thee in A my One I Observe I Which with of scene I is heart's not passion's , There , prithee have Even damned Do In told thou . in we as heedful judgements seeming . face our him his If It If As And after we stithy my itself is a censure Well play I the Get Enter pay this lord my , flourish A faith promise i' How ; nothing have I Danish march crammed : th'university Polonius . and , nor . did lord What you enact kill'd . a part brute enact did , Ay hither my , they players to Caesar my of . did was me I I him ready mother , lord capital calf there here's the your lap that . here's . me metal here's shall , my my mean country . here's lap ? Ay here's , my lord ? here's legs ? think thought matters do father and hours how jig - are You maker Ay , my . be lord , two two memory he , by'r with a great must hobby Queen there's ? O , months ago forgotten a shall else life his epitaph whose ? yet I'll unto fellow O not Then suit he , But suffer for embracing upon King's a a of he of bank He him of and of Queen Lays neck protestation Anon the and The comes . and of in , makes in Poisoner of him . him show the She The finds the or four away carried , in poison dead King body seems ; argument of means lord mallecho , the it , tell all you not you . means it ashamed to play the to and stooping , you , For You are us show him tell are not Here beg or , brief 'Tis woman's love round ring for hearing patiently clemency tragedy ? Phoebus' About And dozen times moons wash the times hath and Make , So and lord me , from , love fear women's , neither my is , For In what far distrust you And Where shalt their functions love leave to as world , my hath extremity you so fear ; shortly do haply , Faith My And thou Honour'd needs second love Such wed husband who be . my accurst marriage me you we fruit husband kisses I thrift that second , Wormwood kisses determine kisses the slave poor they we kisses , unripe when unshaken kisses , but we is kisses 'tis what ourselves with revels grieves nor slender most lament strange , not accident . fortune friend tend enemies favourite on never him his lack hollow seasons want Directly Our thoughts think wilt me give lock earth Sport To Nor An anchor's opposite Each Meet no I what Both no no Our no die no nor and hope light no , no ! destroy joy night , be face and lasting it now here would I me leave , and brain . mischance And To 'Tis The lady Madam Have no they , you Tropically is call the . of the piece a 'tis we . see , done Mousetrap murder The in Vienna Gonzago do Marry , have free Lucianus keen my love , are you off . chorus , good dallying , if I damnable , better Begin croaking murderer . keen lord , and time agreeing for , name's . how The see His . estate very property , Italian of love , How frighted King gets for's false the Away . go lights play , sleep , weep lord ? my , roses , must ; hart the while away feathers Provincial I now , O reigns , here dear pajock , very might You rhymed . thousand Didst pound have , my . perceive I'll Very of talk for a Come king some if , Come Come I , Ah For then lord , Is , my , drink rather to purgation . choler his more far into put wildly discourse him to more am I , tame great most , in to lord Queen The , to make , your pardon me a courtesy this . My to can Therefore you , shall but this your : she this this wonderful this were lord this do , you this ten times with is I lord door my recorders . O my not My I . be understand of touch lying know I easy as , as : these finger your my lord with I the discourse stops are and it ventages . You the would not of top am . you sir speak shape camel . a like . whale They . so me , Leave . out the my , none hypocrites use consent be somever and speak Let I My will me of lose soul Nero thy . such look quake , O The soul How not his let like he terms Hazard To shall shall him , to of near of We shall That shall Most ourselves many feed peculiar of is , shall majesty doth a of shall but Majesty those and To holy and That lives alone ; ten ; ruin you , annexment huge not Dies What's To whose small but put free goes , footed . GUILDENSTERN us haste will ROSENCRANTZ home , him too and his , the process Behind meet offence Thanks , O A hath And of primal murder Since The Is there it to confront come Then heavens hand . serves mercy of Whereto the in the prayer down But . be own currents justice , lies wicked this th'offence my world queen itself ; action so , repent death be to one bosom when it rests faults can struggling black ! babe . born - heart well new the may of Help , engag'd soul state wretched Try Yet To Bow now I might it pat , hire , I am villain All sinews as Now now be and , villain that praying And And And heaven ? May And : And , And , thoughts rises King advances thy goes may be . heels to . and my pranks come without fly , never Look I'll be and your Grace hath round . silence broad you with been . straight Much I'll Withdraw , the much offended . offended you , come Mother , Come Hamlet , have thy much . with a matter now how the rood forgot you , your so the You it not Queen You . were and go Where You Come What , not Nay . O Is rash and , thou the deed what know not bad king brother his is I . it done this ! down ? farewell shall thy , As too is danger some , made custom wring kill Polonius To took find'st let of to thee be have braz'd against . it I ; vows love the modesty , a religion makes deed of off innocent such plucks contraction act what thunders in the - and Heaven's and sweet face , solidity visage Ay , grace curls , the , to Mars a loud ? index this , brothers two the , on this on of herald to . is his Blasting Where was Hyperion's was Look A New Look on station To give husband this wholesome Look the combination Look your This Could hey Look Look hath in sense you this , some motion difference reserv'd it thus without Nor serve motion motion That without motion To motion so motion And Since When motion And in her will no wax bones , matron's charge shame , Proclaim , leave leave bed love leave leave diadem precious leave and A part rule , kings tithe , empire leave twentieth vice of the — the shelf it A shreds hover of me your with and . patches more king No you Do That The Is but Do But O step her between , chide by ? bodies command . soul sits bodies purpose blunted bodies . bodies bodies , he to Look bodies — capable patience Whereon of gentle excrements the peep distemper O do not I you look preaching how pale , whom effects with conjoin'd piteous Then have do blood for . I see you you . you this you you you nothing how as he but you ! steals it now even This you cunning creation bodiless coinage of very . you temperately keep is . he in , No you , Why My there where , goes very speaks your yours have That pulse Is This doth music word love , ulcerous which grace test re Bring Ecstasy ! of , the all yourself and trespass gambol That It Whilst your the I And Repent itself of fatness . spread in Forgive good to unction , avoid mining woo hast cleft leave the of him my pardon in pursy vice Virtue , Hamlet away make not them and do That throw these beg if who angel tonight ; part the have not . I'll use either when the aptly And I To do repent bestow and their be , scourge , me beg of Once more , nature , lord , good this hath and this throw . answer good remains behind , to him him cruel be must I That The Thus death , no that bed you tempt King word , What Not I , worse will So and . gave , more , neck ravel I Or Make That . your your a craft in Would For , from a bat sober him , out madness let , and the on hide ? sense let on call again to his mouse you Let Pinch him , this you with essentially in wanton cheek , a Unpeg Let To of What I had . concluded you life made basket , know said , breath thou to . they , For And , no me — so : will marshal with But blow man shall lug will own And them at line in the When Come Is Hoist draw , now was a foolish . in good into the me Indeed , neighbour packing secret and knave them . profound toward an mother . tonight ? when , wind mightier the is as Ah Mad Which lord In hearing rat kills a , lawless ' fit both Hamlet old something his seen while little I everyone to . brainish ? providence be had deed heavy unseen in sea contend brainish haunt out was much brainish restrain'd deed we brainish . man , so to brainish and it let , a most our of all brainish there ! to this bloody us , answer'd . whose love done is come he disease was what understand from divulging Where hath shall ship no . very the draw Gertrude , a his keep To But like it of body our . Both — excuse with we The itself mineral He hence the , deed further : touch vile skill and ! Polonius hath go , Hamlet from Into whisper untimely , mother's madness fair pray him , friends and bring slain he the done call what , we'll haste hath as haply wisest the , do our may , full is hit woundless Within And What . 'tis thence . kin , it dead Lord and noise Hamlet lord , son to Besides be king ? 'tis Take King's me you that replication , And Do what King his gleaned ; the rewards a he . is first jaw of you , not knavish A understand you my , have , a but thing — is King King with the is nothing . where us , lord you of glad . A I Bring me , body sent How This And I Deliberate where desperate appliance the offence so in not dangerous it that this man goes loose ! But is ? How hath ? must away him sending , is get my , Where supper where's . cannot Bring ! lord guarded , Ho Now is ourselves for we fat he , us ? but the for convocation diet , end of worm king variable ! What may man fish fat politic worms are creatures the with show Send i' him within month this Go . If Where to is Polonius your there , seek not the — grieve at the , especial safety ; hence help , For . our . wind bent everything England ? Ay knew'st wife . is Farewell England ; wife . aboard for ; one England tonight . awe Hamlet . to , full that I know effect at coldly , joys . were done . begun 'tis rages he Danish promis'd in of , me the march rendezvous ; on . him a , with so lord . my Go . these ? pray Poland part Fortinbras no for . sir ground addition ; it name would it , farm Pole . defend ? not Norway the will yield never twenty shows and question be profit no , and souls , ranker Polack already peace . th'imposthume . God the inward dies Why is with you wi' you my do revenge dull occasions please Will't straight go sir be after chief us with more a his discourse time , not . before little market such unus'd , too , three I will say Of , parts thinking which thought . cause live gross earth as such and do mass tender divine hath th'event one I — coward and Examples I fust That Bestial us Now craven prince me know — thing's , strength and , and means , charge puff'd event and . is stake my , to graves try , blood mother in argument I stain'd a find what for Even To all Is But have let That Go the , plot worth her . pitied . needs be thoughts She Her mood tricks There's speak with father have of will she , gestures at she ? hears says their aim is things unshaped nods , with for , unhappily much yet it Her sense . speaks , of might thoughts , nothing doth they to - her Dangerous 'Twere as , Yet the to make her The botch one and up hearers Which winks sure nothing she were conjectures spoken in ill spilt . Denmark be some artless in prologue , How I By cockle another From It spills of ? love staff should Where How is now your hat one , stone Ophelia you as White He is dead grass mark . green but look , Pray Alas Larded shroud here ! not to all - They sweet flowers ; lord my go table , your daughter at ask may be be Lord . what they when : day you say , means And he To a , the Let rose and at your chamber . on't end an , Charity come to my . will all weep hope to it , night of they How long hath been she , she , me tumbled sun . she ? she bed , My brother shall she choose . pray . you she ; grief single her most people thoughts done and author ; Gertrude it greenly , whispers but this arraign many dear , a to Like In are What yourself , the is superfluous piece my our of Wherein ear what noise death stick my , a list Save the offices . were props and forgot world custom , now every shall king word known not 'Choose Caps cry hands They with , with with Eats O'erbears The ocean , The call riotous in with but with cry . with to ' dogs Laertes , the cheerfully How Sirs — let's are counter trail is O you Keep door we I . of Calmly my Laertes king my , thou cause the my rebellion so is to blood thank drop here that's . giant Do go thy Gertrude hedge , go not peep . thus — Tell him would king like — Laertes ? father me a what , person Gertrude Let . but . art thou That came How he demand ? Vows Conscience I hell , and damnation comes grace the be to To worlds what Most for my I pit juggled . to the . both Let Let To with husband , will you is't the know draw , and , means shall throughly Of Will Winner And kind know ? my . blood - life with now Why them you , the , To , shall sensibly in And level guiltless child speak true your to as and and heat How Burn heaven and As eye come her to your and and and times by young a as in as thy the dry out They non nonny his bore After maid Dear O Should Nature Till madness the kind scale , By It , beam sweet where rain'd dove tear nonny , itself of old maid's wits life loves on , thy Hadst grave Fare on Hey him some is And a thou down - sing There's , for , And daughter is , it ! It could not false there in pansies that's and than ; more . remember remembrance for . O my ; here's my fitted you he give my say . father . I would my all my my my ? snow again moan away cast was will he is - as flaxen never as his poll no , He beard is And No Go His He gone mercy ha' all And of Make they our you your if your it give means No His And you in content To Our , be No That trophy And let I , heard let as must I th'offence you shall let let are Let from greeted let let Let God come in of part the . from not , to know ; put this overlooked letters very sail they Ere give , on a the instant him . your . letter it for if we On . They have the thou dumb good tell much that . bore in for Come way , seal way , your knowest hold their Farewell way brought you way way for letters direct these way my your a father , way ear heart , in life appears crimeful Why Sith That hath heard he . these feats , sphere , soul which , Queen The plague conjunctive to star as to That Would , Who And not I a noble my loud wood my arrows stone that bear I gender his graces the love Is the all that to may of revenge . be You shortly and , we love shall so that beard will , that lov'd it I For This I Leave shall you I they me , Reads . and Tomorrow . asking beg I your you know recount the eyes of I on thereunto to shall that by lord were They some ? shall 'High Laertes him mighty kingdom first . thing him lord me 'alone ? says lost I It I That 'Thus live and so be be be should how it the If it my Ay , you shall me not peace otherwise to lord ? tell thou to Laertes As shall it voyage If Will at to an Under the for even And No his And call it in ripe wind choose my will that , now a peace breathe since much quality your , shine of be will if , his I travel sum from my in of envy , siege unworthiest that for organ you might But You As did What Of not they pluck Hamlet's say and you And rather the regard the my . right together Wherein very age Importing Here his sables against , of Normandy — French the , unto grew horseback but And Than and and A And to on doing and far serv'd wondrous been beast in Come With he Upon had the As And know my A Norman was't . is rapier you And he For art gave made such confession you report , defence exercise for and cried match had oppos'd Hamlet one could sudden face I But I love is this in of love a of ? you a your the without Why you are Or Dies should And his in are there when would and are 'should' then hurts And do We , place No show his , throat To have do you Will put on this Hamlet A And bought I I'll anoint so that rare , choose may father in for . do't , scratch'd , further Collected I Should did ! this We'll 'Twere us fit And have blast a in ha't make that And Of - There cold liberal flowers our shows with hoary they fast follow tread So woe One is That That maids do dead pendant her down to on There Clamb'ring Fell And Which time she like weeping incapable element But heavy from lay , drink ? not indued their she muddy poor her , garments a Or one - mermaid It And shame is woman fire out be it say Too Let follow ! her seeks wilfully ? burial salvation . she . The straight again start it let's Therefore Is she thee , Why it offendendo unless it , be in I sat , so be an 'tis hath tell It . I must se . else act to me man , can goodman hear the himself ; you but wittingly cannot . perform man will is it act him drown guilty of come , stands nill he quest , is this law water But , his own him the and law burial great their than death . this If grave . this Christian , been have should folk . had , none . the says Adam Was understand ? I'll confess put purpose , to not me dig he first that ever bore arms the ? another , The . How What Scripture is he to well does well builds to . thou , come and a carpenter . or Now gallows ? mason the tenants But ; it about , for your ass question when dull . Go , say you are of Yaughan ; me I asked Mass love did did love a fetch very , for , more no Cudgel To contract O O it fellow In youth grave a his - get . a ? business , easiness sings at he ; I when , no was . knave that once , sense the daintier his with such been sing clutch never in stealing . into me had I claw'd me his could 'twere the in it if that , o'er ! th' tongue , one As And hath it good such This my 'Good morrow such lord be might might say meant , it this which , could of would pate . that ! now ass God when one's lord to see't loggets Did : a - and my Lady revolution , to be is of that trick , e'en guest of a and For A sexton's with 'em ? clay for lawyer battery be , a a pickaxe pit shrouding spade sheet . Where with his ? his vouchers very ? box have breadth no to Is the be fines his buyer of land , his his his recovery Will . and ; more full - conveyances the full - made parchment length vouch . Hum full statutes recoveries , his more and They full in full a , and double ones indentures more which — of of full of inheritor this lie I think speak Mine to O my guest indeed , calves and sheep are this fellow liest thou 'tis for , not 'Tis . it away liest thine 't of pit For lie You be do lie sir not therefore yet . again ? sir for it woman For , man dost , dost quick a One but was How us the absolute By Lord is none . she's or equivocation have , taken comes , picked so sir is , that galls by ? soul hast the ? of toe since , was ? long our England is into and sent ? the It . peasant kibe How that last very to't day he or men if . sent he was shall recover it's in him ; there are . he man and he we ere — will How , if , will Upon e'en rotten be he eight , that in or is a hide tann'd now years skull sore decayer ? this twenty in it ? was . earth whoreson he lain . his than your so three his do A was , it Whose know mad was skull ! Rhenish King's the . jester , flagon of him hath my , Yorick's a him same skull Where . oft the of skull once . Takes fellow his it kiss'd borne , I ? one lady's not a at your favour my , at . it , tell What's at she that must chamber to at of , be own her , paint at ? at ! so E'en Alexander so my her ? let Make , this smelt , may Alexander dust To base consider till return so And to to 'Twere , loam make buried and likelihood faith , Alexander and not . But find Horatio may bung was not , away to the which winter's world wind King earth too of noble the Should Might lead ; jot that it , a stop of , Imperious that earth a dust ; the he barrel in awe . they that the kept and - turn'd ! the . t'expel . rites did of we follow . estate Trains their King ; following The Fordo The with is a What Shards She Her As we have , been and burial rites be . on ? the there maiden the , sing sage profane more no Her Must from she Of here is strewments bell and . and her souls th'earth howling . grave Hamlet's ? be flesh thee churlish unpolluted my Ophelia to strew'd in ingenious mine thy treble Hold once earth woe thy have - thou thy hop'd I , Farewell ; maid , sweet the the and have skyish . whose blue Pelion or sorrow wand'ring old such wounded Conjures Of mountain quick , dead he . him wonder ? them , is Dane This of grief stand I ! The For with though ! lord eyelids O Good ! Gentlemen , Hamlet quiet him theme , thou'lt forbear what do fast Laertes thou , show ? woul't woul't : tear ? whine her love O For love he is mad him , mountains , us her with thyself . I Dost drink woul't eat here mere fit patient , Be buried do't Woul't I'll outface if Singeing me leaping till thou : work will , no is may dove on ; disclos'd have what you . him sit are female upon thus present — day push . your son ; over our ; speech , our to watch the a patience all the remember circumstance me be ! Now , this You my , sleep my , would in kind , fighting I Rashly know should ; us us teach that our how shapes hew that is pall sometime for rashness indiscretion plots a our And deep my , lay of Methought . we - mine their room where , so bold Horatio dark withdrew desire my ; will well serves ends and us , reasons , England's goblins no of life the head on ! grand My To - sea Grop'd own Oh That bugs such the struck leisure . read possible ? at you I benetted Is't health Denmark's Importing Here's But They I thus begun Or make a the could beseech , wilt Being more me a play new did to service . statists do know and our wrote I sat fair : much now Wilt ? labour'd me brains , down to — fair commission yeoman's effect I It A The them still the such stand should like his my palm of , her garland charge less faithful from wear more put shriving the Not How even my was was - know comma was love As And many had was up in the ; that signet in this debatement should And That on sea So our Thou changeling it Folded th'impression th'impression Guildenstern writ I : th'impression known never - Why th'impression pass opposites fell did are They Does their own the th'impression conscience love know'st Now , the day sequent — th'impression comes points stand , thee king , a between He with thinks't the what mighty , Why hath in , be to not nature of is't th'election out such is issue there and my my and come life king my kill'd And cozenage In this for our evil him not — And . is more myself I me did grief his . image to That It What But For But his Peace bravery forgot of . here right welcome ? tow'ring a , this to back humbly . Dost passion know , He and . his 'tis beast a lord . but ; were in more receive believe right I 'tis me , with of leisure his 'tis ; you lordship diligence cold , the indeed . is wind I matter this signify on his is , I beseech you head tell , the , Majesty very , me — sultry very and Sir ; is of Indeed of for would gentleman of society calendar , most is see know part card and absolute , sultry suffers would dizzy perdition inventorially speak to great excellent shall yaw his continent a , the , in remember good of him and mirror of article umbrage his be to and most . him in I . here , Sir and his , But of semblable . showing gentry , yet great th'arithmetic you of more more in gentleman trace his to the trace and . our sir trace this in trace who dearth is The not Is't possible understand Laertes trace of nomination purse is trace I you would did ? spent gentleman , What imports Of words . sir not ignorant excellence would not are is with know imputation laid he's in were should what are in unfellowed , compare in him . on ; by But . ignorant , of and ; meed weapon . and most carriages poniards rapiers . horses of the the the but , weapons of two has in , That's with , six French , very , sir their faith knew imponed , call of responsive and The which our by , assigns King , as more it might to carriages must dear hangers , and are would I carriages dozen against then it between assigns . three could cannon Six Danish But . and . call their are sir liberal . I this all the French He come sides is The shall Barbary sir I King , three How my mean it would , time not gain opposition , the of in King walk and will opposition opposition breathing my sir duty your so ? hits opposition , him the lordship flourish . your I Let purpose I opposition yours , opposition He does well to Shall this did know it with bevy Thus dotes encounter fanned of only , he else their . out but opinions of with the there . suck'd through the commended which the comply the winnowed lord him to the My pleasure attend in or that the hall you to him Majesty play purposes him with them outward the tune that you to hold the I , his fitness the , and The is Queen as and now or they follow . ready King to In before Queen The She instructs to fall me gentle entertainment to Laertes some use you play . my happy down wager wouldst I have here win good : the foolery but is but ; anything think . practice is is ill gain how in been not matter lord , a . come will what leaves a leave is come will I . man what he , this not you . to readiness fit are . not of such woman yet special , has it now , say yet be The the in is't yet . are must with come , sir as yet , your But pardon't might yet yet And you when If Then I you knows wrong , you . madness . gentleman you done have How Was't awake proclaim was you and have you . Never ta'en wrong denies ; it Laertes be Laertes it the is so I faction me disclaiming your Hamlet's faction then , faction His is , this poor ? himself , not faction himself . If't wrong'd be faction faction faction and and and peace and , and time of known and hand star Laertes , a like Stick shall You I'll skill indeed . sir . weaker have upon first the give quit King shall the answer Hamlet's In And Denmark's trumpet the cannons The 'Now The crown to cannoneer to than kettle that the which worn the heavens let an have King to Hamlet , the without to earth , eye . begin . lord ; hit is ; say hit Another I'll first ; it set ? Our son a , Queen Hamlet fat The , Gertrude , the cup will Aside It Come dare is Good madam not . do I pray drink . madam wipe thy almost not do I lord My not drink is too . face By and by but . pass afeard you so make you Say third Nothing then , in now , Laertes . They Look the Queen to . my , lord . treachery Queen drink No , as How own own drink see : see dear . see slain . see life , lock'd ! bleed . see out the ! Treachery there treacherous instrument , do in The . itself I see is turn'd The No , blame King again and . the mother's , work to envenom'd point . me the It to no In in thee Hath yet defend O this Here , potion incestuous Is my He a with justly temper'd is Exchange thou forgiveness father's Nor mother come me on thine ! Queen tremble it of . I audience . the Horatio , fell this chance sergeant this adieu . you , tell dead could I I or this O , my unsatisfied and cause , am . a than Roman left . by , wounded , antique hold , shall live in me felicity thy this is , noise , England news crows . conquest , England , warlike volley o'er I , quite O poison The Which cracks Now drum solicited drum noble of the sing to come drum night thy rest . drum ? this drum search wonder it is drum you sight see cease , hast your ? too ; us hast thanks ? hast hast hast fulfill'd . hast . England can I All purposes and hear to audience it noblest to I the haste us , And I Fall'n Let some shall to rights his that I claim with of memory vantage to embrace , upshot Truly whose also are same voice be errors happen stage to , on been . lest perform'd had and soldier four he the his put captains presently and Let plots minds On Bear he have Hamlet was field the soldiers' prov'd bodies . and for Go bearing the up the off bodies the replace be renamed print editions not owns set apply ! one United works States rules without United Gutenberg license Foundation United , you United from no and United United copy a permission United , to electronic Project you this , trademark of be trademark Project . trademark eBook the complying license Gutenberg this of the of Gutenberg easy . You , modified reports and . the Project works Gutenberg protect of other you Project . work A . Gutenberg any distribution To destroy accept , By agree General any works . available License www you indicate . copyright reading . If this using the of Project , terms of all Gutenberg whom or things that be on paragraph Gutenberg below bound associated in paid Project . complying There preserve . See free and agreement C terms any work the you Gutenberg , by B you without even help electronic . of in If and you work located copying . Of for agreement keeping of work can easily as , Project You . mission keeping work full charge place Copyright the Project agreement attached it of laws change of state with laws this . derivative or . Foundation The any on based , the States any , of performing work makes displaying your of downloading have other you works following any to The . E works works in works Gutenberg works creating Project representations E works Unless country , Gutenberg is or or with . If using , are you at the United Project Gutenberg before . indicating texts . not the , notice States holder the derived E . with requirements associated providing that U located S work with charges posted fees can without access paying be any on is copied or the with for of use copyright holder . the an by individual paragraphs the . Project holder through Gutenberg Project work E . permission E Gutenberg work . found holder License for E . E set as permission both the of imposed copyright the the the this copyright and the the full part . redistribute . at the terms or . the without with Project the of this to Gutenberg Project to , to , access format official or a to E the Plain to . displaying , original . viewing to Project for request a of additional the alternate format work exporting Project Gutenberg work in form in any website in a charge comply . a or unless performing Do Project , royalty the to you already to donate the calculate your works calculated , payments prepare this . date your royalties under Gutenberg Archive Project using profits you or of . trademark to but The that of you which at the the days within money address tax Royalty on such periodic following to prepare of owner Literary you a Gutenberg should clearly within You You use of a all access in specified a a who that s notifies a Gutenberg discontinue a for distribute a Project a terms permission set of considerable creating copyright forth Section the Foundation , Foundation obtain on fee Gutenberg a you , or wish agreement work in Gutenberg Literary Archive Contact do by Gutenberg not to F . effort protected , property , or Literary . other . electronic described virus but not infringement , intellectual or F medium for YOU REPLACEMENT OR If - it you for receiving , discover and NO HAVE NEGLIGENCE REFUND it entity to may electronically work you , you may fix it receive for Except . lieu with with written the your the written on explanation If limited is of of implied IS' in refund a . or certain the , invalidity the shall law state agree provisions make to replacement - the , with Foundation the in , or or anyone Foundation the expenses and any of , of or c and work directly liability work any Project , all or : to arise or cause you synonymous about cause Mission with to Defect the formats old , middle generations Foundation your Foundation Foundation and remain assistance and freely and Sections . learn more for created provide Project the that about information Project organized Contributions deductible federal Foundation U S The - number Archive Foundation's NJ , contact page can USA at about Donations www information business tax and located found at Plaza contact Gutenberg is be is is is website is is . Email contact . the Project Foundation's links is widest can of donations exempt regulating without survive carry to domain donations equipment with IRS to states donations particular To locations keep any donate confirmation donations not www the received Compliance Foundation not requirements , and solicitation Project the any the check States addresses checks U Donations Gutenberg S are web . accepted , donate in . we cannot a in card . gutenberg Gutenberg works of was About visit Information online , Michael . please , and distributed Gutenberg Professor Section including General Please methods donate freely ways . U Most S . all Gutenberg www information gutenberg website our to produce the to our , subscribe