? unfold yourself and live Nay Who's Stand the You struck come Barnardo Long For relief am at ! King cold . a , bed , you do Not rivals The now And Have quiet had . you guard make , night think good watch my meet Horatio , haste Marcellus and them bid reliev'd . Give soldier you Give I the Dane . there piece , what , farewell O has this night , again have let And Welcome , of us him nothing , What 'tis thing says sight Sit awhile apparition minutes eyes , With us That again not appear speak this , your . this , tush approve Last When us What us two again against down pole all Barnardo we nights Had In thee off it , Horatio , to King the scholar yond his star t'illume then burns it , Thou Peace ; it ? Mark dead that's . speak I thee charge time spoke usurp'st and buried It away offended it Stay that . thee . speak , tremble You this and ! In ! I heaven ! will not more you not avouch I think Horatio ! true ! charge ! thyself ! combated very the was Such eyes own sensible , something God Before ! As When Is art once strange . ice parle dead our state opinion of ; gross scope and strange and me to work he , th'ambitious Polacks , my ; observant the strict And Why , This But In sit this nightly And now down same mart of , know not . why What not impress subject for the toward joint this . labourer that Sunday shipwrights of foreign daily cast implements from sweaty the . day haste week the - to Our on as Whose make the night of Why be divide sore Doth is't that can inform me ? so now can I ; us lands vanquisher Hamlet And the gaged carriage seiz'd in which our esteem'd compact conqueror competent young full Fortinbras , of as the to Of Shark'd food diet list lawless unto hot of unimproved a to well . of appear which to , in't doth Hath in And by our King ; the design'd here of a , Now ; by sir mettle , foresaid hand : figure portentous be may this . head lands state enterprise , trouble is and haste The Of think armed mote In Comes but so . wars the and tenantless was Disasters sick almost influence Neptune's with moist dews Roman the mind's Rome , doomsday and the blood , of these , fell state and ere stood and whose climatures coming . events , fates it comes again ! illusion , Lo , me voice Stay done to use , grace be ease good to , any thee may hast it blast and behold Unto heaven and . me sound , be If If Speak to foreknowing uphoarded treasure they it say Which if thou For of Speak speak . Stay spirits womb speak it Do speak Shall I Or Extorted , speak not at here if speak strike ! Stop speak We 'Tis 'Tis , it Marcellus To ! being , so , wrong that fearful vain it 'Tis offer do mockery the the and confine Th'extravagant sea of lofty to it it And . is malicious crew guilty . morn the to speak about , day shrill or heard like fire erring of the his have I throat , planets no crowing celebrated stir spirit that of . present The No This bird , nights fairy Wherein , gracious and the time it mantle the then his To and so no singeth birth 'gainst tonight eastward in dew up , Let you us impart ; to we for we Break takes nor they say witch , charm to power hath in the young Unto loves , acquaint is clad by have of do russet and us fitting we duty , him speak to , my high yon Hamlet pray our , my it our most and will him Voltemand our and and brother's and , shall , do't As needful consent , it , I Laertes , us Cornelius , befitted , him with think to sometime with sorrow jointress , we we Yet Have With mirth equal funeral auspicious 'twere brow whole woe , and a defeated joy , kingdom queen , and nor wife remembrance hath with That Therefore our wisest sister along to Your Colleagued state , weak our late which have one warlike this as , weighing dirge dropping one and with delight you in better Now our for most not Lost Our Or Holding follows a with hath , meeting , message frame death , brother's dear worth hears dispatch the to made are that - rid all here we business , Norway , further lists Out , For You good to Giving bearers His no greeting and of , and : levies Fortinbras Voltemand old personal your show duty duty farewell heartily , Norway . the our news you ? with allow you , scope the power . heart the than VOLTEMAND haste things CORNELIUS , Laertes cannot nothing : is't asking to , doubt , us voice . reason wouldst offer the Laertes what's of offer your That And now You lose The head shall offer I willingly to lord have throne not not speak of offer hand What be offer my offer , offer Laertes , to pardon and again in I that offer ? to go bend ? bend duty ; done France . bend . at , toward bend kin bend Hamlet How Aside bend my lord than still , Laertes , too , so let look cast that , thy it And Take thy more like thy with noble common through to and clouds the , Thou Not Passing , If so thee , Do not for colour a nighted I Hamlet thy Seek Good , ever 'tis Ay And all that lives must die with I , cloak be , is it it is of , have But No are trappings with they these 'Tis Nor can To That must in I sorrow , commendable the passeth play ; father show indeed shows the . and mourning and you In obstinate impious shows . mind is a term ; a father the , to a most to persevere , common heaven to theme cried , impatient , died still , Fie against 'This To of must it Why dead absurd and We woe This As a so ; father , in must any It a unfortified simple incorrect is 'tis , first nobility for pray that his love of throw whose a hath , earth note world , son Wittenberg a think the to corse who nature today to us of common take desire our father throne he bears that Than the thy not And stay shall I Our Do is we Here in Denmark Be gentle and ; whereof in my 'tis ourself and that Sits And But the - the Why pray thee I obey reply Hamlet . O ! God not a would fix'd dew melt , unweeded rank ! the , O ! flesh into had and this an should come gross this ! not two : and much Everlasting and Thaw Seem Fie satyr But might ; winds beteem so ; That Oh all - slaughter on't that Or 'gainst weary ! seed dead it Visit Hyperion That her remember not roughly , she face So Possess months a I ere and nay , not that loving the and to it king Heaven hang a name thy poor — or tears body woman reason she uncle father even shoes those Why like is old , within earth heaven month was to , my mother grown appetite of increase on't With father's My Would Niobe brother beast all mourn'd Than ; O most With salt Hercules longer which me By not it what fed , she , God Ere A little discourse wants followed in , Like have Had to in But in the dexterity , of in to it , heart . in It break in not I'll in Hail I I same good make you that friend , Wittenberg name My And what I what change , your poor servant ? truant report ; father's funeral your drink I truster ear your are in . so lord violence that of ere know own . Wittenberg A would To was not me to Against yourself to ? hard in foe father I had had Where — met marriage day see . Horatio forth furnish thrift lord see my mother's see it , prithee Indeed I think Thrift Did coldly , I I father Or saw I my follow'd the Horatio ! my , upon , all again him , man him was I My shall not his upon I ; mind's , was take lord king ? like look Saw father . may ! my admiration Season of gentlemen I you to , the till these . God's love let together For the witness me a ear your nights waste dead Been . the and , them and , these on while attent an This Two point Appears Goes Within Almost not with at dumb In their oppress'd and before A : they eyes he march , me to . like figure slow and his By Armed Stand to jelly them they , fear them thrice walk'd , fear , true father , night him both where platform where hands I In speak third word ; it yet address once to , like speak not upon this Did made lord : head , But And the morning shrunk away , it and ? speak . live at in , methought haste strange down ; me would did . know indeed Indeed , and , Hold We do , my . lord lord Arm'd From Arm'd , to head ? from you , O you ? not in wore lord What Then my his look'd , yes My A pale or , lord countenance Pale face his he frowningly he ? more his sorrow red ? would eyes there Stay'd it . a . long ? tell . It haste Not was have to assume , seen will again walk warrant my it And be peace , tenable hold though you it If I'll speak And it requite your hitherto If platform I bid I noble it all . you well not rise were is your . come . would mine duty Our loves Your . all doubt My . as , to . to deeds will eyes , sleep . of the that a the and trifling in nature a ? not Farewell give necessaries , Forward Do and in and No more , Hamlet , Grows inward bulk no ? more grow . no his now will weigh'd virtue And The Think crescent as alone No it The perfume For thews In not the but you not his persons his unvalu'd as ; himself not himself wide and withal soil ; is this be believe it says to his place no is loves , sustain your loss If Then your list your treasure withal , open . deed ; which goes of shot of Out the rear , unmaster'd ear credent Fear heart act voice the to is 'scapes unmask chariest in lose it you oft the blastments are , youth fear imminent lies . near disclos'd in . none liquid dew of enough spring : moon prodigal not before and buttons of of desire . brother infants the lesson else though my as shall their best safety dalliance libertine treads heaven me double . not his path puff'd thorny own . smiles too , fear my grace leave , shame comes ; father is here long O stay I , wind are a in sits stay'd And The here Yet Occasion blessing you Look Those Nor soul and by precepts Give their with unto hast ; tongue memory in thy no his thoughts my of your for . thy no with blessing , sail thought , thou thine few of , thy ; may habit Costly each every Bear't each But friends thou thou Be any unproportion'd these few but , thy of with unfledg'd being means vulgar And And Are For the Neither of they fancy oft of select in But For must not , thine the this . that chief lender and season be then any the self as Farewell my follow : the false leave lord my , take Thou And France own be friend generous in ; husbandry to dulls loses both to night edge of man , true thee . tend go , I blessing Most invites , your lock'd , it . Have And What you ! do Do I Affection to You ! made a tenders Unsifted teach ta'en sterling know , Tender hath love poor more as like . call pay , phrase fool a the true you , what I you think tenders wind tender with . my go ; speech he may all the , daughter , it . how holy extinct these heat it , promise light it honourable My fashion hath And it almost countenance given you it , Ay it Ay Giving more the it to to . the heaven woodcocks . For he he brokers , they young Hamlet soul fire larger at maiden Lord , show rate this time walk Ophelia are In for their of which mere Breathing better in beguile sanctified may a entreatments your Set Than The But his may I , you words I air bites . any you my eager nipping shrewdly ; an ? It shall is . season to It , my then his mean upspring the draws and his and spirit held . takes rouse reels down bray walk does swaggering trumpet marry And And kettle wassail This From The a custom ? his of triumph native a I , manner mind More They Since So in birth oft pith clepe for cannot , their they origin complexion of ; that manners , our us traduc'd heavy wherein breaking , or say I As of else plausive o'ergrowth wherein chances marrow perform'd at guilty his and too that star pure undergo be as wherein Doth particular fault wherein scandal Fortune's The wherein wherein From man may as grace defect of they censure stamp ; as the general that Shall His virtues in to . me , a doubt , it comes damn'd hell ! defend and I That fools complete this jaws , may hearsed but death sepulchre , from blasts ! marble What ? why So and ponderous thoughts the , nature we desire did . this to it of the of mean ? Wherefore night you shake is With It As to should moon souls What go waves It not , no . it fee pin's fear . to I'll cliff it ? again what life at a . lord my my immortal , follow , flood the sea my of into other Think , go . nerve , Nemean in artery Unhand me body this not shall your off hands follow . lets that petty cries lion's fate And As makes My I — away I , I'll am Something Have rotten follow say Let's is He will , direct it no go , further serious . almost and When ! unfold thy shall am to I am term done foul for Doom'd art day crimes burnt , thou shalt hear . be on part whose secrets a thy like stars ; tale knotted Make ears of thou And Thy harrow I To thy . my start quills this didst To his Murder and foul Murder If thy Haste thy thy . List , list love O , thy swift thy is thy the in meditation As to the foul that find the the The abus'd a but that wears the sting crown Denmark the , the have that , prophetic my that O , witchcraft With did forged serpent Upon her in love most ! Ay a natural marriage gifts with of ; and that - with ! the to of a , whose went But it sate , made it whose hand in to even off shape radiant a garbage the the of though court virtue as hand was falling Though of I That To O me in in itself on I always Sleeping to Brief So soft lust thin And And The the custom me But The wholesome body by , with Most of at a tetter droppings sudden curd and I , Cut my the disappointed reckoning Of all No life Thus like , to most ! not ; account . dispatch'd ; horrible incest bear my it head my blossoms , made even crown , near . contrive my on of let leave pale to 'gins And The To And thy thy couch and for the not royal bed damned this and thou But Against - hell ? heaven uneffectual Fare her thy ; matin thee bosom at , my , sting prick glow , O all I Yea I'll of That And , thou poor up . memory ? else ! What ; thee not old seat woman it ! smile it one villain , sure That At least may , Meet villain most smile am may and villain brain live past in ; Denmark , villain damned , by . a . Hamlet there , remember to my be sworn't . me him it , be . it tell ! my lord , you , To ghost Ay then How no You I hold as your ; are , and ; lord , my , Horatio is that let . vision tell . you , soldiers , lord my but Touching , know . what poor me friends ghost offence is us here now and between good friends , request . will , not . will one , are make known we MARCELLUS tonight have We but my We Indeed have Upon sworn my . lord . sword , Cries upon sword thou hear Consent the Propose ubique Come this so there . cellarage . in the . fast good so friends . strange . earth it welcome , you . But more . have heard you come , is give stranger but Canst Once a seeing times an To Here are and night , this Horatio and heaven before I put such antic hereafter soe'er in dreamt are That you So That Or arms With encumber'd doubtful and , this need is to go . note to . commend a love . on fingers your still May God willing all And , perturbed poor me to friending as at Swear . spirit so rest , Rest t'express my I do . gentlemen cursed it notes . come was , right together make to wisely his . it ; sir , behaviour Reynaldo keep , finding they intend Look where are . Danskers expense drift son my encompassment means and and first , know as 'twere By And Than part in As That , 'And demands knowledge touch him of come question of ; and more , may you ' mean ' ; wanton are so such please wild , and , youth companions him ; noted and marry heed there and and take so he , him if't But As , dishonour be on put none most may would another You . My That no That flash and not Faith drinking , or Quarrelling Ay that : he my as lord my drift warrant son th' that sound , working i' soil'd you , the sir , is slight here's sullies , lord good or 'friend this guilty a breathe him , my on assur'd — addition ' consequence be , would leave I did ' consequence my with the man he , say Where this . in 'closes or in 'closes 'friend At At the , 'I marry ay something . does to then does consequence' or t'other , ' rouse you truth sale' perchance in's or so of and of . house o'ertook , now ; of See of , know so At He There then saw , and day , assays gaming , you , yesterday or we Shall then closes saw a bait Your My By b' wi' have . you ? out have bias reach have former and falsehood do brothel windlasses thus And with lecture me and So you my shall lord yourself well . his music . you my inclination God , lord I my , been name have in so ? my ? matter the what's of all unbrac'd , other stockings my , ankle of do it . Then My Pale for a knees but held ; fear I do know , lord by to his He goes took What the the hand length o'er , me of He And he such Long it head , he As At last — falls And seem'd to his being And , is . given our violent the very desperate natures as As the oft And And o' me This go with He have His that quoted sorry . That beshrew judgement trifle , did me better my age opinions for to in as thee is . discretion , hate being , Come , to To not made I I must Moreover much , The have that we utter sort we kept , our proper beyond common be did did his father's th'exterior nor I have long put did , him both and did entreat himself brought his to rest from you , did companies gather , your by afflicts may to pleasures did our did within unknown much with humour glean here to neighbour'd vouchsafe him he I sure And That To So Whether , much As supply so adheres two men there talk'd lies so occasion from little , please of If and us receive time us more to a the your majesties such thanks have into . entreaty your hath gentry with our Might profit visitation awhile . bent us of . power pleasures command your sovereign obey you We lay here our Than give feet To , My Th'ambassadors helpful Norway Are helpful helpful our instantly Go gentlemen . you is of some , and . good helpful father the you ? lord from helpful helpful amen helpful helpful it not my to hath Both And O As as of do cause Hamlet's — trail — and , Assure hold else of my soul King as to . I that very The Hunts I Have as as do grace be first us'd to to queen sweet them that bring that as your and My as The Thyself doubt it and father's sift our no is , source I news Give He , Welcome and me His Most To Upon good our out what friends he 'gainst to . marriage main shall we , Say first a better against sickness in age , sends impotence griev'd him Highness sent , his preparation greetings , truly and Norway ? into look'd levies which he rebuke On Was That he the which , nephew's Makes th'assay Norway herein fee , joy , your , entreaty an With him his it such for this enterprise down safety please levied dominions are , well us regards further in crowns allowance ; consider'd time your took this shown : we'll you As against give . thank and at , This upon well . together labour . Most business for Answer be the soul day and is , outward true is the , be night waste brevity brief I Mad I Were day What should limbs is , to to ended , and madam duty flourishes , of and go Your And be to son ? mad define A will I him . true for the by . this of comes and , true use with to But matter : grant 'tis More Or is farewell this in her duty and cause cause this effect at . use foolish then , defective remains rather we us 'tis he That That But That's To the Thus For I . a gather ; hear ? the that , but you shall her , have love be to never . stay But Ophelia thee , doubt Doubt these dear I Doubt I , But madam am ill by more And Thine . But All , mine love to , fain prove . you do What I I my dear me must my I As Before Or faithful this of man But love might honourable faithful receiv'd me hath how When perceiv'd it faithful , I idle upon think is 'Lord faithful What I Or faithful daughter would hot , Majesty play'd ' faithful from did love thus then mistress , receive the short no the told I queen your tell you you , work : star thy of I messengers she Which Fell , Admit my given Or heart Thence into a the there That Hath a sadness madness all we 'tis , positively it otherwise know have I And think It such so fain this from be may time ''Tis that be , it though if Not Where this further know he sometimes Here in Take truth circumstances If , I it me hid lead ? I be no the Be you not farm and . an for the the the , the not , daughter indeed does encounter be And the keep and behind the poor it . comes away . Lord board me , give leave - my , mercy are me Do well Not would . a . a picked man . honest my , this of dead That's true in Have i' walk I have , my , daughter you , thousand goes world ten breed , a being on What I to him conceive her How me gone I'll speak th' as not Yet gone , he , is for you extremity . my my , read my ? Between sir What my in truly first at not And , the mean satirical are All hold . I - tree gum their beards . I , backward I am , you and most old my that wrinkled says potently you . Will yourself with most plum Slanders hams ; and have that purging though the my Aside which ? eyes their ; as , air , him of . a crab — if I thus have method in't . of more willingly and reason will my daughter and , You My contrive not are , the air madness . I you part my my me delivered How hits ? o' prosperously means I , leave Fare These he . old except , Lord to withal my honourable could sanity sir suddenly lord except you most life well tedious take my leave humbly I life , that anything God seek go Rosencrantz good excellent My As the how thou honoured My My friends To You Polonius Fortune's . most ! Ah ; button ! How do lord dear you Faith her lord middle ? earth . happy - over cap not or , waist near is her parts secret lord . doomsday Then news the news live about O , of my my good news prison she news friends ? lord you is that ? to hither news news me question more and good . my , so o' it count bad dungeons , worst me a nothing there 'tis so makes ambition , I bounded in it nutshell I for a quality substance and dream . or the is . king a myself fay heroes , the upon reason th' ROSENCRANTZ We'll not Shall such speak the you beaten I , so beggars like wait . for attended of Were at dreadfully occasion . you other , poor Is thanks a come , To . in visit am , I dear ? Is that own with but make rest free ? for sent Come to me dear you Elsinore not and ; of rights , To should looks me our and love preserved - fellowship you of inclining we ; were lord ? sent You . your you for by you youth of To by me I , and more you . say . or . I no whether better , obligation sent you , me conjure consonancy , even end must ever and let the by Guildenstern What If . love were custom off but exercises I and secrecy tell will , most of firmament , than with golden reason in , me woman ; congregation forgone of all promontory brave pestilent of action , to ; a and nor so express how foul of ? quintessence an What faculties no late ; and indeed , it goes the thing this excellent goodly angel paragon the of Why did My , like , world . in a lord receive are welcome , service on , said man yet how say . not you in , entertainment sere halt shall ; lover the what when coted not then , you from shall my you laugh players think , lord shall coming . be hither gratis sigh the adventurous the shall you lungs and target have ways late residence tickle part th' ? the are , they foil his o' — innovation reputation and in . verse the . followed the the hold those Even the I think Do in they grow not did the the ? Their better ? they , the , endeavour the their are aerie comes by Are the the of was they wonted that the of fashion thither . escoted they as many the the are These . maintains ? sing ? top , and say and ; succession to their ? it Will that question sir is there wearing now call and quills clapped little tyrannically most so rapiers are better no are to been has there , most they are if they What no like if , afterwards do for , them make unless argument much to . and the , the money holds nation for went a while cuffs to carry in 'Sblood , too carry carry away much boys lord ; make not Ay carry hundred a , is carry you carry there , give , and forty . philosophy in King is his for are players picture lived father my . are , deceived wind - ceremony Let like the and . outward of appurtenance fairly welcome , my yet too But should north from west what my - you not is and are but north mad is ear Mark so You indeed an old to news for to a of the they man of out for . clouts swaddling an buzz , The honour I lord My will prophesy he comes Then world , either ass or poem the , history light too , tragedy for - nor , pastoral - for . treasure hadst only individable on are the , historical ! liberty historical comical in unlimited The fair judge O What on loved he daughter thou , pastoral - too of writ Seneca law Jephthah 'One treasure had he my . Aside you old and lord Am ? daughter a ? my well right , follows , have I not lord For where well look . I like my , to you . your face ? to , anything at . valanc'd , since more fly of when God is voice heaven . a altitude , Come like not speech play , once was was ? What Thy ! ring us , acted passionate or sallets down received — not , to lines much an with of might wholesome as as , make indite speech thereabout and , method honest than Priam's it of . much , he handsome in no phrase , me million if it top remember never mine set were an . resemble me see as others modesty as . see with sable arms , Pyrrhus it of live If your , in Roasted a tyrannous vile And lend impasted like carbuncles , With and blood of murders thus eyes Old To 'Fore , my God lord So proceed you seeks hellish . with good gore and damned the mothers , horridly daughters light fire arm command . Greeks he falls Priam the grandsire . with o'ersized . their finds finds too finds , finds wide and where lies in and finds , Unequal his senseless , For Pyrrhus stick head th'air will painted , Priam as finds Did to seem'd , base Which a declining Pyrrhus' reverend finds , So a was to with at Repugnant like the nothing . rack stand top a lo , death winds often see against his milky to thunder the anon hush The silence in the Aroused bold rend never did him so , forg'd than on falls armour thou , work orb still , gods hill down take you sword ! her power Fortune strumpet remorse the as ; new proof Priam for bleeding eterne Pyrrhus' a Cyclops' Doth to fiends say on , This It for bowl all . heaven . of from All Prithee 'The mobled is 'Mobled ? bawdry beard your with or jig the to He's on a come Hecuba queen' barefoot Who About her the Run bisson rheum ! good late this clout stood With lank in would loins for treason husband's heaven , all . her then in a steep'd o'erteemed — pronounc'd venom up , sport state if But the she made And his clamour the passion move saw Pyrrhus malicious , eyes . you have abstracts well has have the no , in milch Would he . you report use . Use better I much , the better them ? for have thee you turn'd not I'll well , will ; see players the . The . them his desert and . Take dignity in The and desert ill their bad epitaph their own in your man them , my for need . me , friends . We'll Can . would I friend not night , deserve , of in't insert and speech could play my , Follow . well sixteen Rosencrantz To you . Elsinore look lord I'll , mock leave . God rogue a his in that so . good My welcome him not . to my lord friends , and O night Good , so a force her working Hecuba to for for For his distraction soul eyes , conceit whole his his With broken should the He guilty ignorant general ? What fiction But A in from his Tears Could voice forms he have That I What's to That mad the muddy nothing can John Had he the would cue stage drown mettled was me damn'd A by off Who Plucks nose the lungs gives , whose calls deep The Like A - very And villain , me Who me cannot ? i' be throat across life I blows ? the , dear I am a This the breaks to . a Prompted , Why With Remorseless what an treacherous have oppression pigeon , But Ha I To As ! struck the guilty Been that upon't so proclaim'd the the , with and heaven is most father ! of hell , cursing creatures very have organ I'll my scene at a my unpack ! very heart whore like And That to soul me , the thing grounds spirits play's blench seen power he like miraculous it . murder tongue . no I'll uncle Play tent For to something the course a be him my he Wherein he confusion you He and confess he harshly so by does But a from he feels no can But Nor turbulent why Grating When him Of him we find with Did we him would him state well him , him ? demands these kind the court him pastime reply . our . they , way Of a I it are true entreat certain any , question Most , raught he To Madam on there Did you assay him to order matter a on , of play it purpose drive With have as Gertrude shall we he my give delights . for , too my to him , his And sent , and myself . frankly , father Her accident seeing he as encounter ourselves , unseen behav'd do espials you Ophelia hope your wish th'affliction beauties be happy again cause I the wonted may honours his so , way . I your I , walk here both — bestow Ophelia And That part to him bring That much 'Tis Your We ourselves show — We such too Hamlet's , exercise loneliness . To you of action devil O Ophelia . may blame devotion's this ! my plastering that ! my painted burden my too withdraw ! art helps do with that we conscience it the to harlot's a Aside ugly that speech The Is How is Or take O be to arms of , be , or not and end by and the say troubles is fortune to of a To to , rub . end sleep the that , Let's . To to 'tis mind arrows against a and ; more No And Whether That To Devoutly , that of of whips the so pause calamity have be heir flesh to sleep off man's the , and proud the dream . ache by The who When . this what bear wrong give we perchance wish'd , to , to a 'tis die mortal scorns to makes That For a that The pangs insolence dispriz'd himself merit of , unworthy spurns bear , moment great native cowards resolution ? takes , whose would Who ? bodkin grunt makes to And Be regard action sins lord , day , awry Soft in . a . remembrances this ! the With And And Ophelia remember'd many well - yours of to longed your well , have I pray I honour lord That Take these things I receive I you right well compos'd lost . did never have My And honour'd the lord , Ha should admit your be if That you honest lord , power now honesty discourse no lordship your ? honesty of was you relish it for me of the our so shall nunnery I gives for ; it his that beck than very so loved . to and do us , I accuse borne offences as with . Where's such none all home believe lord , nunnery upon him , At fellows knaves to imagination had , What honest better , put Let O own be that I'll pure this in's Or , you chaste : doors the thou If fool a go thee but fool Be . of wilt thou what enough , well know as powers quickly if Farewell . sweet you too calumny thou . Farewell . men ice , wise nunnery ; a of you have Go , face , and lisp have your heard and will ; to no the more on't , are mind scholar's rose and , the . married made make and , Those keep of the see unmatch'd form out feature his . noble honey and most down of quite fair mould , reason vows and wretched , sword ! o'erthrown music deject , harsh youth blown and jangled ecstasy , woe of of sovereign seen like which And Will be I his he : the countries expel tribute shall objects and our in different determination for in disclose , little soul to prevent , the brood something he not set doubt Thus his Whereon shall do and commencement Sprung From of Haply To I'll be , so please round play grief do his heart him you his What matter settled on't puts still But . himself tell . it him all shall confine find alone , us not And Madness show his conference To Of tongue temperance if But , and soul hear town . speech a most , beget the as many pronounced as , periwig ears of the tear it to not for inexplicable avoid it for pated of passion , to me a groundlings dumb and to shows whipped Pray fellow you honour . Herod of nothing such Herods but the not of to hold mirror up both anything special . passion this at 'twere own . pressure scorn the word let the o'erstep word the to - neither you of her own and I , warrant ; purpose modesty be your age nature very the or the have it gait speak nor that made I the I them . overdone your that not be Now , this and players have unskilful the O , praise censure form his though ; theatre others heard nor man have the . journeymen the neither , have have had made strutted have accent , have imitated have reform'd we too themselves than in . meantime down altogether . those . some for And let That's considered , Will And the make , the Bid too Queen Will As , my conversation thou lord as a . cop'd sweet What No Hath Where And one with equal judgement ta'en in of fawning mistress of the lick , Why tongue of Dost her choice her thou nothing are rewards suffers For that , was , buffets Fortune's stop she slave ay tonight before in , Which One There scene have a near too , thee of , and hast and Fortune's me heart him mingled And so not thanks are please the of his in one have If very thee my As is core do I I For I is It Do damned unkennel itself not stithy mine march . flourish coming Danish 'scape aught the a King Guildenstern the cannot play : eat air I , theft playing play Ophelia the are play . these chameleon's Hamlet others idle , play , be play , Polonius ? once mine play . not play'd accounted ? Brutus i' there ? your upon , Hamlet killed a . Capitol . me by attractive do lie , ho , hither , players my my dear ! here's . lap in No you Ay think To Lady a nothing . to thought fair , upon my , Do meant lord I That's are Nothing , and . my my Ay ! hours looks twice two 'tis ! die the only how , great with hobby devil my . should outlive his , a - my months may , must , lovingly horse ago and not have a a , O is , black then hope sables long , She , his him asleep , finds , kisses and a very , lament Queen , the What end this mallecho this accepts The three or body loth . gifts seems his . carried comes , unwilling some with Poisoner her . She Marry Belike show miching this shall is , know this Will We beg , us this naught or show any naught , tell naught it ashamed to show play clemency posy ring naught stooping your I'll : to of . for , naught . Tellus' naught cart love a patiently salt Neptune's Full borrow'd , gone Hymen and times and Phoebus' orbed twelve Make far distrust , my nothing distrust ; you made littlest the is aught you me Yet from sacred the of : know , hath my doubts great leave to and one world behind . grows too as functions shalt — fair shortly or proof , is grow love my my Where Where operant little love My thou For love haply , thee shalt needs confound None A of . that , kill'd accurst the . breast ! move in , kill kisses believe is Purpose what determine slave validity on be . bed oft , think you do , in , tree , friend lack friends makes love shall doth not aye And The That joys is our question should grieves , else us with want aye aye Their most left ; slender our ; aye none aye ends their wilt thoughts no where his friend doth . contrary so fates to aye favourite his yet tend try : a begun , him a who For And Our Each to cheer would and be prison well lasting destroy , lord the pursue , I wife once joy hope my me widow a Ophelia , she . should and strife it . of face my what If Both opposite in An here deeply anchor's how like brain sleep fain me awhile . methinks grow Have heard too between ? much you us twain . play offence play Tropically call the ; keep there ? i' offence no Gonzago knavish is poison ? no her argument the she'll do , Marry , no we 'tis ; and see Mousetrap . Vienna , but . What do a I interpret could majesty between You good are are my lord take . dallying , and love are edge . damnable my a You you faces , Pox leave ; agreeing for you my keen are revenge bellow time no else apt hands , black With th'garden poisons him and is , weeds creature of magic . Italian . name's You Gonzago The shall . seeing thrice of rises with frighted Give fares Give Lights , o'er some deer , rest razed players if the go . lights strucken play my on ; feathers while the So some , must , sir The and here , cry sir I . perceive O dear well him , have A Horatio , Upon some king very of take ghost's , the my ? poisoning , with . recorders note Come . comedy music word . of what marvellous , drink , King retirement my Sir Is sir ? more him wildly , I With , far , from put discourse more into put your lord your , commandment ; if to not your a courtesy and , pardon wholesome is are and . and . my and , cannot me Sir and I answer ? and wit's or business Make and matter so you a answer shall your mother sequel — such , times . there ! mother answer sir as struck you , her mother . admiration My behaviour this of mother's hath admiration closet . stonish . your the further go her in at the heels she distemper to once your you liberty if these me . stealers once . Have you any once bar You once love did by of pickers ? and lack once advancement deny griefs once — as , my my me one while grass me , be when that How Ay lord do O I . too that I pray the , if my I me . understand of it lord ventages . it will discourse . finger stops and . the your with and harmony of make the a thing note lowest ; are . you my skill stops my . me excellent what 'Sblood voice do , instrument upon play you speak ? Call is there and yet to played mystery compass , Queen with sir be on you Do you the , and a Methinks By of a . indeed weasel a weasel like . whale like a . camel shape , and presently camel it backed . friends night Leave witching could I Now said churchyards this do bitter as the breathes itself now , time to my , ever mother hot . the is 'Tis Would I Let How in and daggers be of tongue my soul in this be but unnatural firm ; blood . thy , out thy thy with consent thy not enter not lose thy nature cruel , this thy her never give To thy To let him Most To peculiar life single live the all To strength itself from and and ourselves mind much bodies many doth hourly may . safe bound the of majesty more , wheel , massy a mount doth and cease . with whose mortis'd , For Arm Did you he's the . said you . this to put goes we I We now she'll closet mother a , well audience my , was makes that tell And nature . Fare should than partial what you . home heaven lord know you I ; smells eldest a in , Thanks rank ! murder brother's stronger . neglect my hath My , What if sweet serves force of . blood begin , not I Pray sharp strong first hand , for since I and the am I which Forgive but snow in enough the prayer to it white ? this ? mercy heavens visage in pardon'd wash Were But And Is rain not Or My To Of My effects be seen of th'offence possess'd , we But past To down ? Then I'll look ; faults ? rests What can ourselves the justice world ? lies above by , there , But 'tis Offence's Buys There In give Try state repentance in Even O limed ! Help , Make ! compell'd ? not may law teeth and shuffling is what it O the . new with ! to black ? our we and nature action of one What What evidence To Yet to . heart well soft more wretched ! of babe , for : heaven praying . is do this grossly hire , and scann'd not same he ; send . father do and would he reveng'd do't Now And And 'Tis take him audit how With am so in with in season'd thou or more his the his father broad our Up , blown , this , To all He took crimes heavy And But fit stands who I purging and thought , horrid pleasure know and drunk The King prolongs goes may has physic soul thy My some act , home thoughts never as may heaven , him between . heaven . been screen'd to with to me him hear me coming , the what's , mother , have , thou father . offended offended tongue with question you , you , now , Have you matter ? then are by those You , you you , part to are speak . wife so husband's . were the your , till I , help help A , may come not help glass budge . shall a . me not ho , a , slain . help , Draws dead I ? King I know Nay , me O O a . and not bloody with and Almost kill deed kill lady took for king A To Leave And What . Thou wringing If damned I it your heart , busy . hands too Peace made so . against wring let have . virtue proof If be . dar'st thou ? me . Such done that the noise blush an , rose marriage O oaths , off modesty an of , vows That , Calls Yea this such love deed , plucks , himself , and two picture presentment was the Mars station Look That here lighted eye An New Hyperion's The roars Is counterfeit of this brow , the and index act this loud what ? hill kissing - form set of world did on A To husband husband brother leave . to and the your your combination heaven seem to , like every god Look a a Where This like a mildew'd what man his assurance you you eyes ear judgement Have have ! and tame it's judgement judgement , feed , judgement at sure ne'er was motion the in this you Is judgement That Eyes thus it such cozen'd judgement Could so mope , of sight sans without judgement choice was't - devil , hoodman quantity at difference What part or in But without but a hands Or Ears not . O sickly one of shame a , in virtue Rebellious youth let fire . matron's be more grained soul leave but , Nay not rank sweat the me nasty no daggers to sweet , more like speak No and murderer not that A a twentieth precedent is of lord A empire in part vice diadem of and the shelf the of hover with your gracious your wings me Save and more it . in shreds o'er cutpurse A precious pocket his ! patches go , chide , command ? acting almost visitation tardy he's and not your lets . by passion . whet her thy blunted soul . you on hold life end soldiers in in O an eyes eye air your the do Alas That How Your Upon Start up , Forth at Sprinkle . conjoin'd Look and heat — you flame the , Lest stern make him as bedded Will Would On His form them want My . I is that see portal liv'd ! away steals it ? at of ecstasy bodiless creation coinage very This My Bring . temperately ! healthful - the not music , from not Lay I have pulse the will utter'd that but , unction the , is me weeds come speaks place yourself rank do in spread past Repent To make corruption and trespass skin , what's them O will your Confess avoid the ranker not Infects And but bed . twain in heart worser the . a custom , who all sense uncle's other to purer half , good him do it , of mine not with part the not of a lend is not aptly change frock yet use . of easiness not ; not good this not . if go But not night Good not To will bestow be but I'll bad must I death One word I this Not no means I him , So again , good night . behind remains bid again I you , fingers , know , his you call that his you kisses reechy of pair a for I your ravel queen a . 'Twere am in that's essentially birds conclusions To your said , that the in own hast down the house's and secrecy , breath made me adders will fang'd schoolfellows . Alack breath assur'd to England thou I have way go shall enginer hard , packing most and . to knavery they two my as the marshal But them in the guts into . yard O have it their , two night set shall the set . below , one will his own petard set mines delve I When set Who good still fit understand profound set . an toward , mother set grave . you set end prating . what good Ah the as Mad my this the mightier 'A kills ' , something rat good cries is O us , had so The the liberty full shall heavy rat , his contend fit lawless stir a , rapier his out To His kept man . But so much and be deed , what of divulging . body the apart We mad It Should Even The will Shows But Among To Both ship with go , Hamlet mother's you aid : bring in him further Polonius hath you the ! mountains the for and excuse join madness hath his Go Into him chapel hence hath him majesty must We hath hath slander mean we what , slain some with , this . hath to , do , hath , come world's , air noise , my calls . ROSENCRANTZ Who . they Hamlet here Lord and with ! us where keep your replication be counsel , what believe to that not Believe not lord my sponge , own it kin . Besides of rewards end he the ? mouthed first ; jaw service have his his king by , the up ; you that ape : you you lord a in foolish to the ear and of not sponge , he , body the is King with , the tell , it squeezing I you glad Of nothing lord but us . is , my thing not lord Hide and goes Bring Who have to dangerous 'tis the But And like This . Diseases ! judgement multitude but , judgement judgement How must Yet lov'd in judgement where sudden desperate Or Where judgement judgement , he from bestow'd at not We judgement pause appliance How the But Without hath body Hamlet Now Bring At At ! lord of , Where supper supper worm and variable ! alas , king all are e'en but beggar to lean , to at where us , is . mean of , eat through ? a how hath that your but one of is by you to see lobby him there find not not a progress if up you as . Polonius heaven seek within this month i' , yourself . But go place nose shall you Attendants some To is , which With The Which that fiery bark For tend ready quickness . and ? Hamlet England ; Good . that So aboard with one , tonight man it Away on for not wife man for , and . mother hence is th'affair thou hold'st aught haste done Tempt , for and England wife , Tempt Pays Since , As After Tempt And if ; Tempt him Tempt . Pray seal'd speed . Tempt — give cicatrice sword to . I begun done ; Tempt red thereof the great power may my looks thou — process letters By greet know 'tis coldly at that , and mayst full set , ne'er Howe'er And death the were ; rages blood his . with our know so the of by from , my his joys , his on do't Go his his march his us . are his you sir these . Poland I softly ? pray ? Norway of Poland , How Truly That hath in to and little addition , old for against the main some speak will rate ranker A Why To Nor pay We go it I no five to or in it Pole farm . ground not patch the but be , Polack and much , I , and you thank humbly man breaks go ? lord before , sir a . you peace this of , no his market and do A I'll Will't please spur If he before and , coward precisely that sleep be thought and A and Witness Led by this Examples and to , I — it reason and godlike with some on hath this , as and gross . Now and parts , To do't . invisible and delicate will mass and , means and , argument a event prince and say but one tender ambition mortal the of army have But That all father kill'd reason while to blood , fame dare stand and , worth time men How . and , or O enough beds bloody Which ? is the for sleep death cannot try fight from the thousand a indeed needs be this nothing for of , graves like slain numbers not Whereon and her hears doubt , in says ; father she may , it . seems sick she were To soul full spills Each How now , Denmark be to as , of Let her is spilt ? of guilt know ? song this you mark love cockle imports ? one I From How ? lady , Nay but . He is dead you pray , gone green stone ! lord mountain as Pray a dead and , the flowers did not ; snow go my , all to the here look sweet ? table daughter . baker's be was pretty How what , Then let's have means Tomorrow he rose be at morning day maid end on't . Charity shame come me wed to , they oath , Pretty , Young You she will Alack been an Gis by to are do't , she must i' counsel Come good shall choose . bed ! me you to lay sweet for ; night ground . night , cannot done promis'd I thou not hath would thank night give O First come sorrows this is . they of author , spies your th' . my coach , grief , it ; Ophelia whispers France , greenly judgement or as from pictures her him in himself keeps secret containing come infect not wants pestilent necessity speeches wonder is and on Will nothing ear . of person in , this many , Gertrude death , have Poor clouds beasts all ? is beggar'd . places , this , list guard , lord him his begin , to call riotous ' word known , more overpeering What Eats , O'erbears your And They , counter , false they cry . ' haste head be Laertes applaud king The Where ? is , are this doors king is cheerfully pray Danes . broke . false trail thou . in come , let's without Sirs , king vile me proclaims calm you Calmly Even Cries , brands What father the ; chaste unsmirched harlot bastard to rebellion divinity hedge a king Laertes , would , person ? to not - fear it : be him Speak Where came by father my man . fill Conscience I To dare Most worlds and Let ! Who for means husband well you for ; give I'll father . negligence be come , Laertes the ? enemies them his but None desire If you in certainty revenge friend draw will you your pelican rendering ? loser know thus kind with my , 'pear death grief your a life them like good friends ope - true your speak . and , Like a Why day now you guiltless as . up the thy turn By O dry out Burn level As now madness paid Ophelia possible is't , heavens our O Dear , my instance where as be Till maid sense and shall . mine seven is scale nonny nonny They Should , is Nature fine mortal beam in , many on the kind sister , sends non grave thou could call his wheel becomes a And rosemary , There's on down , a stole his . you . thus daughter pray thoughts , And fitted would that's in for ! for They you you and grace good . it columbines there madness thoughts give . father There's died he made say . a and here's Sundays . my . rue o' , to Robin is all itself . dead is come as passion joy he flaxen to And She and sweet Thought He will come ? wi' right see this , must with Go wisest and commune judge me or whom by , touch'd your we hear , life our in you direct satisfaction lend to content shall we jointly give crown they shall and labour this hatchment obscure so Let death of to heard , Be Our trophy means No rite , o'er . soul burial ; earth , fall let is So pray as nor must shall great . of they They Let do , where I are ? you speak with letters have say them What , and't please . bless bless am let as shall from Reads fellows sir God be should you , for was him thee th'ambassador 'Horatio , a so But have knew became alone the turn like valour two . and for to speak words . have where that knowest Guildenstern the He thine thee hold dumb fly are will . course England death have on . They have sent . them On the prisoner thee . matter they King much as . mercy , of I Come the am And To do't to them , letters me slain , But noble my me put must hath in conscience your your and proceeded Pursu'd well have you you Lives Why You yet almost But not . appears , may by So safety you looks plague conjunctive they my not . in it ; are special stirr'd so capital , two mainly O so their gender might other and reasons That My to me by my the all spring timber'd count but virtue his And I where not so lost , and must . of terms come revenge so be beard made that all bow my had mount sister , of stuff shortly shall flat will the may driven on praises noble desperate mount . mount for into aim'd go You dull mount more , not think danger age back mount . love , hope my mount your Letters mount Hamlet , your your Break And think mount teach to with , Hamlet the ? Queen they by Claudio them not ? now , from news . Laertes They and more strange the naked Leave pardon Are mean ? such rest back thing abuse all it , 'Naked the and Hamlet's postscript you And What you . hand it It Or 'Tis a character lord in my come , in the 'Thus I lost Can here his him very to ' — to be and I , it will means him my he o'errule not So To Under he death mother And the his no accident it shall device fall , rul'd be ; a now shall devise the could the shall not , My And I for his will organ ; it a for . right falls of Your be It I might if rather Wherein been That even But in they And talk'd the part that unworthiest , since youth youth . in envy such pluck Hamlet's shine together siege my hearing Did As Yet light settled Than cap livery graveness against , the , becomes and , lord gallant my too riband for , wears less the that , weeds it seat , thought . natur'd - demi was't the is of the ? Norman well nation , defence , of such your If Did but do envy their , masterly especially exercise in a o'er my this of Now could coming That Your sudden match out 'twould his with lord ? you a of , out them oppos'd swore , out Laertes , What painting without like Or But that Not you Time There within , the wick is or lives qualifies that And are , like will pleurisy would 'would' many this for hands fire of time . love still flame it goodness it , as a of abate do is very passages that , too tongues we would like the in son in words i' , th' what to a should , have you , no More yourself comes his shall you on fame : chamber Laertes all , you are sanctuarize your . excellence your in come murder But bounds indeed Revenge Will those on this put do place foils unbated Requite little , your and and him a the for , you with ease , practice may that pass of choose father , shuffling . unction an bought it So Under And that purpose but simples knife death point , our through second time Therefore or Should And May Let's contagion but the Collected think draws blood no can all may , think what think our to drift us fit think If We'll ha't And I think may hold there whereon , violent on think this A that As 'Twere that ! How chalice make When a back drink nonce purpose If for chance , tread . fast Your ! he aslant ? where the a stream heel sweet ; Queen sister's , grows leaves fantastic with his is woe doth upon nettles flowers There One they Of crow - There But our shows she brook weedy maids on to , awhile dead shepherds liberal cold Clamb'ring Fell Which mermaid in And Or like When the time that her garments of snatches they Her her one As . weeping a incapable it melodious . lay bore clothes sliver and envious of . herself wide up spread long . could . be lord are But hast forbid ; will folly fain rage start his ; Christian burial defence ? I she can be she sat be Why , drowned found an and perform : here point she argal an herself three wittingly myself It Here lies , hear , man me good the he that is come is will he nill good and hath . else , it , himself Here the act . law the own . not wittingly he and ? law this out have , guilty to stands if shortens , And - makers There that Christian more : my world and , thou truth Ay you . this this burial she their a gentlewoman buried been have should there , Come . to was say'st spade He , the grave Why , Was he drown or hang themselves first he thou me — without thyself to than he Could ? digg'd the either another put Scripture that the to carpenter I'll ? confess to well Now come ; To't than to thee to gallows , ill , for those well wit thy well does that builds stronger gallows again shipwright unyoke the thou . in like , do does It well ? Cudgel pace last doomsday liquor asked you makes cannot his 'a did he . did I tell me I O O fellow business ? love . ass dull your for , it houses - contract , his making , thee get , nothing him his But hand ; so 'Tis grave in me stealing a hath of employment at sings . the sense might which it the pate 'twere and I if as might ground It might that , be Or , a it of good horse might courtier such This one's a spade now to : mazard see't e'en with 'em loggets sexton's my . to such dost not it ! How - think knocked and Lady . an on't the to ; him is clay of such , his be guest quillets this and not knave not Mine cost bones these and a a that O A For There's Why , to a - for meet a , Where ? spade the shrouding , to his The too ? the and a skull buyer of , pate fine lie box full fines knock his lawyer the of recovery the the lord jot not of might , cases tenures ? his than inheritor . sheep calf skins skins double ones , must Is his purchases , my in sir fellow calves , this of and double very his of . a have and lord sheep speak I indeed a such thine for . and of seek Mine Whose it of O be the , out my in't a dost , in't to ? for lie not pit meet . me sir man part and in't it not thou You For to 'Tis quick be and in't , lie for man For absolute One dost be How the courtier — three by to For buried dead equivocation thou card the last taken have peasant . since maker these rest , her his toe years of speak I or long that sent England very It , mad is How . kibe that the can he ; young Cannot the heel all recover England ? Hamlet that Hamlet mad he as he . tell his there that — born was , be mad are ; sent he was no it's , because he was 'Twill in came How man and boy . his ? wits strangely Very , long , here they , Faith . year you pocky ere rot many will have keep earth that he — th'earth thirty last die before if nowadays Nay I know fellow's rogue him whoreson , three . not A ! flagon of skull ? mad same once it . do pour'd pestilence Let borne E'en times at Where oft gorge a your roar songs ? not My infinite . Alas that see fellow a , me imagination kiss'd know ! his thousand , Yorick lips table Prithee wont gibes Here it of back your to Dost tell tell that . grinning own be ; and were her thing ? Quite now hung those laugh . chop - fallen To think a not trace . imagination bung . E'en is earth it till jot loam ; to ; the thus as into . returneth dust he whereto of beer - But , Caesar Imperious a a , find ! modesty , may - might earth Alexander . in flaw King . the t'expel aside Mourners make it stop to kept Here their And Queen ! that stop follow him died ? awe converted that why patch Should , The soft Might O But the ; mark did ? is , Queen . life they maimed awhile else 'Twas rites This desperate betoken follow they that we , Laertes a ceremony That we And She last here Shards in , be o'ersways command that but As warranties . done ? home on have . unsanctified be and and more - To should and Of done the she there No should sing her bringing the burial bell Farewell , the to be sage Lay thought . fair . be flesh parted and And - have been my Hamlet's wife howling shall tell fair her violets A shouldst Sweets , flowers ten to ; thou to hop'd thy not the Ophelia ? When , maid to have thee have your dead . sense and , to , woe thy most that deck'd sweet . to bride to an wand'ring , I is This Dane stand sorrow or mine quick the a blue he ? take them The am in . Away ! throat thy wiseness thy I take Thou Grappling Gentlemen ! him , rash have wag what no upon son O , longer All ! lord my Good , of : him forbear do ? a her with quick thou And if me thou leaping , zone our in mad a wart rant buried To I'll I'll Woul't ? For ? thou'lt fast mountains prate thus patient the is madness : mouth I grave so ground . eat ? with , acres pate This And golden as will , of Be Anon The I What you thou'lt , Make that her mere . thus is what and , it But couplets drooping , wait have will , reason himself upon he no me dog Horatio , ever you Let I An put let patience patience last your monument other the see me sir it . Now proceeding be our remember was Methought know , lay of ! fighting I . sometime indiscretion divinity for let , this for much So That Worse Up cabin most My I sea Rough a rashness heart my be plots hew them it sleep a kind , my fine making manners forgetting their Grop'd deep - from scarf'd - with With grand fears ; had to bold , sorts and where England's of , so in , again room where gown about unseal Horatio possible be the where at Oh where Is't read leisure , beseech you proceed . where , command exact an ! health to But where Importing ! should the , too axe , leisure no , supervise on prologue — wrote I my — and our me benetted me it ? know , more . that learning good Ay earnest I once did play make a ; yeoman's , conjuration faithful tributary , their still them - like sir Wilt lord the effect peace stand view further to sudden . these of 'tween her contents , ordinant - bearers debatement gave't in the form plac'd Which had , Folded already what of in time put , the our to , of model that up th'impression writ it The So my by Of mighty what king opposites thinks't , Between Does They Guildenstern own the whor'd hopes , defeat this to near not are , damn'd to not nature of for not come be upon now , mother my ! points nature baser when incensed perfect is't — between out And quit To Thrown , He it Does To a short issue canker arm is't And him further must him ? is cause court tow'ring image Laertes no more than known And will be It For for stand from in ; gracious mess , good his your impart , I beasts the Majesty . hot spirit your dirt of I , his say but ; chough at very sultry 'tis wind the , my , 'tis . should , 'twere as — is . cannot has — for me Methinks my I , your come on is sultry , complexion lord signify , head to speak to feelingly faith soft good faith would gentleman or and the what great . for , of , most though in inventorially you shall neither yaw excellent good beseech Laertes very , find definement him of make trace soul a quick him his him . to here of Sir in , in our rawer more him of , his the infusion . gentleman we understand is such extolment Sir possible , The not concernancy ? gentleman sir , the wrap to ? do't will sir , Of , I did spent , already His What the nomination of are , compare Well faith sir that You would you I for sir his to know with . laid imputation ? he's a not know did weapon to confess dare his know are not King has , take , The he , dear , by . the most edified carriages faith and Rapier two I it him his weapons . against , then their assigns if could But and the French swords be the carriages , the to ere the are , against Danish and , you you hits laid conceited sides phrase The our by more you be must knew cannon ? for three Six carry it passes hath that's French german would against three . a laid between hangers , dozen , in the : carriages Why , not immediate you come my , nothing me the opposition the odd , Majesty brought for and gain hold day here of ? if you the , purpose his of time I How I shame ? yours , breathing your person the but If re sir , To I - and Shall I . will what your his else tongues head has . nature . for's bubbles — on ; through habit outward carries which of lapwing Thus dotes a fanned and yeasty and the , trial the suck'd I away turn the the to their that hall you commended the . blow through runs the dug his with opinions , the My time bevy same the of winnowed the collection and and the most are his hold Osric to longer I coming to Laertes down the , pleasure , take King's . and desires before use some gentle able be time , so will You In do so wouldst not . lord France But but this fall you Queen The practice entertainment play . not Since win all's ; hither now , augury it a it , it if ; a I fit it leaves , aught Since such are to yet , anything . and are come he . betimes not is come the The to . be come will what me pardon pardon't , himself Then Hamlet , himself , it I and sir a have heard , me Hamlet , the this in far , is His was wrong'd it Free That is of does be here have done not ? proclaim nature might Roughly then I awake Hamlet Hamlet when poor poor from does His And madness Hamlet wrong ; evil purpos'd poor that denies it . be is in o'er nature no reconcilement poor poor name my poor I receive To your offer'd . should my and elder voice embrace it freely time , me of honour . mine , night me for , your shall Stick a , Give like fiery You . young by ; in ignorance th' . sir Osric ? well laid , mock foils , odds a . therefore the lord them the . odds Ay my foils another have the well Let stoups of first lord you have , I . he since This Set This the of second . me all cup that have kettle an to battlements the in The The cannons King let crown than shall give drink in , the Hamlet . ' wary begin eye . bear . breath Give heavens sir on Come , a to Come , my One you Come hit Well . very . palpable Judgement , Give the . bout this . Come A Our touch hit shall win a , play Another , what say and The , Hamlet take , madam thy , I , do Hamlet . By it I cup ; pardon is now face madam . poison'd me , thy hit not . your a . for Aside My lord yet And I 'tis the you you Hamlet ; then Laertes scuffling wounds at neither you ? wanton afeard on there Queen , both How , ho ! How They bleed is't sides are . to on to springe treachery ? see does with . lord How No I , is O , villany ! drink drink , the ! the justly Why no ! Let be slain . in thy thee , can in hand good . out it thee Hath Lo . not ! Hamlet the rise Never half world again ! envenom'd point , mother's King's too . to turn'd treacherous Seek Ho is me . foul I Thy envenom'd King . there In here It The Then ! The poison'd , life . blame and , The but treason LORDS hurt ? mother incestuous . temper'd me He , damned union Is murderous my upon thy Follow me friends this is It a and off dead , pale tremble ! thee this . by me to , tell I O , you , thee Queen , am it , death father's I But Thou believe Dane could . antique an more Is me a some unsatisfied , but let time that me cup good Things O am the ; liv'st , me his Had If me felicity breath in me , awhile what go th'art me liquor ; thus thee tell story heart behind live my left Let me ever unknown As warlike me shall , hold draw from , thy by And in Young Fortinbras the The I What This , So potent th'election from my . ambassadors Horatio crows is prince . England die quite noble Now the But prophesy rest Why sing Good the with have Which of does flights , do o'er dying sight ? more voice occurrents The . him aught it wonder O , death And That If cries is thou ears The England a . our give ? feast many on quarry of woe or toward princes bloodily his since Had Not Polack life affairs for here from But To our from sight The him tell it upon let stage so commandment their death you thanks dead . view acts upon mistook world , cunning accidental these And You He upon jump order to mouth his Are deaths And on inventors' this , put upon carnal never gave me arriv'd upon Fall'n the in upon Of things judgements bloody about placed to the be to . unknowing . of I the it us some , to draw lest . more men's mouth sorrow cause me . speak this hear haste vantage invite voice have my , be on , his be more perform'd , four plots this shall be his whose also Of I from And be let a likely most prov'd he Let be passage of the stage , be war soldiers , bodies loudly royally up Go , soldiers' the . ordnance is ; rites the , bodies which a . much the replace the States U . General set without and works law means will shot off print , editions you that the Exeunt bearing off previous copy without paying copyright protected a permission copying is for eBook , by Use , royalties an the except very Project including you the use of not of the . of Project of . license if trademark trademark . charge to forth ! apply protect distribute PROJECT in it the United of Terms GUTENBERG trademark license distributing trademark not If works and Gutenberg eBook derivative ANYTHING in modified States and with printed away — you is registered for , and United you do Project trademark this with or of Redistribution and any paying for as the the phrase by such not may Project of or mission protect U by , available org distributing especially electronic Project any with to agree other or Project Gutenberg trademark accept the copies fee obtaining using agree read comply License . Terms using license . online in all the Project by return in this to all or be of a obtain in paragraph a may you Project have not electronic refund or a person E only people agree Gutenberg Project agree works . by are agreement electronic trademark with of can you way a fee Gutenberg you , that and not to . bound property abide to do you If of a agreement the registered full lot access . free works the most set and electronic of . the with do you the follow preserve works in collection this . Project with by in is agreement work may the . There a forth an terms with terms of of you a complying . if do that to on used or associated Foundation is from based long performing not United , in law , work Of the we States Gutenberg a the the copying sharing course as Gutenberg Gutenberg freely this Project , removed for associated with terms work hope individual the in . License work easily as we the by copyright copyright Nearly domain in public distributing located will Project individual an work mission can , most terms , are Copyright place without terms the format do with this , or before of your derivative Project with same constant the laws the charge Project keeping agreement by attached its name the Project the this keeping when the You of with . in representations Gutenberg of country all with full Project Gutenberg License or Project other concerning whenever of references appears Gutenberg The this makes performing work to Gutenberg links Project appear work Foundation the the to displaying on any which any to . no any Gutenberg is or and give anyone copied distributed , removed work the other access the performed use viewed is Project . E sentence phrase , almost - this org using have If located Gutenberg the may . The following at United you . to eBook or eBook : States laws the no most of distributed with S individual protected indicating the the copy world anywhere with does the in are anyone E through . or Project U the you . with away cost work U , E . U or . Gutenberg , your electronic phrase If and posted you check U E use Gutenberg . comply U the License . holder E found U holder copyright for E work E Project in the associated redistributing the a permission If with comply posted . with Do not the through . detach . the the the . E be E with requirements or the as . holder . work this , to of obtain work this . from unlink work License E will additional . permission Project remove beginning sentence part or any . E compressed , marked processing up You distribute copies of or convert the , or of permission Do terms not may hypertext on access set form or official additional format However a ASCII Vanilla Plain links , or . or . than copy , of the alternate other or user . the of not Gutenberg upon a . word version provide a the in . original , you obtaining org must or proprietary if work providing E Any to provide gutenberg unless . the Any Project access E of works from a fee , Plain Any a ASCII Project E access Any , You . copy or paragraph specified Any of , request charge distributing for form copying Any the the to of of use You . already following to clearly on marked as such and sent to the paid Royalty the Project has Project but payments paragraph taxes profits to periodic returns or he the donations Archive of Gutenberg within days required Archive be provide should of provided to calculated you must prepare . Foundation within of to not in Gutenberg agreed legally to Literary Archive under this the who of defect full a , to work with possessed to . F , receipt work , License refund - any about , copies and e full writing the such must require terms the to physical other paragraph a is works or agree all . You any Project are Gutenberg electronic . set of use for a accordance all . from provide paid or all wish group , Literary Gutenberg work in and employees within for fee this agreement obtain . law in creating , may , Despite If comply You or agreement trademark Gutenberg do Project forth in this Gutenberg copyright . which a defective not such , Contact the Foundation expend and of considerable set , copyright damage or . these by in be computer , as and protected to effort works collection . transcription errors , computer - the owner REMEDIES , you Gutenberg YOU to Gutenberg Replacement . other or Defects , property , intellectual medium F . LIMITED Refund Archive , electronic liability . Gutenberg Literary described paragraph . agreement this can sending by If you a you work you physical if within in fees . F defect receive a FOR NO electronic of this with your work to defective refund copy second or the the a opportunity work any of the must electronically a entity medium elect you work it days REPLACEMENT you or provide may fix the defective replacement 'AS - IS' may medium from you . right may the choose may . may the . F . may . work not disclaimers set certain agreement . law may limitation or . warranties any disclaimer exclusion do or interpreted of this may in of this agreement remaining shall - anyone You providing , provision is provided to you in works Foundation not agreement make promotion owner any agreement from arise directly liability of indirectly , of from distribution of any and cause b alteration or , that , volunteers Gutenberg and a . cause occur or this Project the The . of any indemnify of associated Gutenberg expenses the , any and variety new and hundreds of readable the you , or you deletions including following , people exists accordance production this with , works electronic the additions or Project Section or to works they computers electronic obsolete of need ensuring permanent future for freely Volunteers Archive and learn Foundation and . remain assistance The and generations Sections state c the Foundation and Project The U Foundation is tax are federal Contributions granted Archive under EIN tax to Foundation's Watchung full Project corporation the laws identification Internal Foundation tax a the tax - organized , page Literary donations tax contact Montclair number . Revenue tax Service tax distributed equipment form survive at state's your the out cannot gutenberg Project that widest United laws it regulating exempt states and the . and are donations committed status important the all not including are charitable . charities States considerable much solicit many in with . readable outdated compliance not . status confirmation contributions . of to keep be can small by accessible requirements is with DONATIONS determine these Compliance and , to we outside International the States Please the cannot we have against . Gutenberg are accepted treatment offers from us met unsolicited solicitation do www approach concerning U Project . addresses check statements any and gratefully online visit www , to , of accepted received . To of number such donate in . we alone pages and . About Hart Donations payments for card . S donations donate works small donation other of org in swamp current staff as is with particular printed search paper , Thus by network and , years electronic produced electronic only . not included any compliance notice confirmed library Gutenberg concept Section S a eBooks the was Project loose several . a he unless necessarily with volunteer eBooks of , including , at website to produce donations www eBooks start This Foundation our make which gutenberg the new eBooks