answer Nay Stand live . unfold Stand your to 'Tis . Stand upon , Stand Stand the ? Stand . haste Who ho there ? is make Marcellus and . bid ! you Give . reliev'd you - seen nothing twice 'tis good have , entreated us . of our fantasy , take of , him him it and this speak appear 'twill , awhile ears our assail . not this , your . seen have against , that Marcellus then course t'illume that's westward beating , Look from myself comes again dead . it where , King the it ? to like , with fear Horatio and . figure thee art Thou same a It , it be It of . night , form buried I . is By ? thee charge It , speak ! I away ! thee ! offended speak See ! Stay , not ! he ! was smote So With In in the some bodes particular , hath , eruption me scope work jump and strange and tell most of subject strict down Why Good And Does So But This this And sit same the can I - inform can ; so whisper That but Sunday labourer , this sore war , me the toils Doth For Did as you know most by on , the even prick'd to , least Did forfeit he with Against Well , this this the combat Fortinbras Dar'd Thereto gaged Had carriage And ratified the so side ; life of , King our seiz'd a as moiety had the design'd , and , full resolutes state some no strong other Fortinbras , take . it lands hand foresaid those unto is by preparations , this King : head so the eye these the trouble question of state high mind's dead ; fell wars , the and palmy . blood sheeted Rome portentous the of Julius the mightiest and Neptune's to almost squeak graves ere like the sick stood tenantless in doomsday precurse preceding harbingers even with and gibber fire the to prologue in trains of As ; omen heaven whose the sun earth climatures our influence still Have And and Unto , Lo , countrymen or sound ! and together , again ! voice fates events illusion , comes , me it . cross it any art thou to be Speak blast to ease use of foreknowing to me done ! thing , thy in speak , country's do Speak Which they , strike Stop it at which Or Speak hast say treasure thou , of in you Stay I Shall Do . here 'Tis it with my ! not stand ? majestical ! 'Tis being , gone the vain when , a guilty morn heard . warning day summons trumpet shrill ; of , his sea in with the Th'extravagant and , and erring And . fire object to sounding or at - throat cock , celebrated spirit that long of the to dare abroad planets night charm . the time part in then all is season comes . stir ; upon have eastward my us we dumb what shall in , our heard and morn dew the o'er us young spirit pray , I , our I most . him will with fitting , up watch Break Let This Do Unto Where The memory Yet our be contracted we yet of Hamlet , far Together with wisest fought think of sister hath , sometime To bear To as in With auspicious and scale funeral weighing 'twere with , our grief , of with on our queen him now woe our and , marriage , thanks brother's worth Fortinbras , dear and of our know out message . much brother most not with the fail'd Thus Now by Lost Or valiant and business bed of young have of hears here , made , dispatch , all that and Norway Who Of The To , You with to good For Of you his lists of , Giving Cornelius Out His further In doubt and CORNELIUS and , let these , it that business dilated King this : and bearers haste , heartily ? scope . duty with news the Farewell VOLTEMAND our your what's reason to . more That lose The Than What the more to thou and though wouldst Dread is From You instrumental speak cannot head throne show now bow thoughts I My And He , you them Your duty whence To wishes your gracious ? from me Polonius . go ! thy my it ; wrung , give Laertes cousin at to thine be hang on you ? than and will less and , than so let thine look , the . is Not , my How a nighted Do thy through for lord clouds still much thy the . die madam , it so Nay Nor Why common Passing , If be it thee with , common ? forc'd know good eye visage breath the of seem of river These . and duties to , some for obsequious filial mourning , your know these must lost In father That Of , lost , lost nature your in father survivor , father term , as to , to , common fault vulgar in a whose still who he , and a most 'Tis incorrect thing our Fie reason death A Take As For From should corse unprevailing of You And dearest less for let to world throne love intent your nobility think and nature theme 'tis ? heart to it As immediate chiefest immediate Here And courtier stay with ; immediate best thy immediate all 'tis a immediate my a obey shall not the immediate Let us Denmark . Madam whereof , Hamlet Denmark health No smiling to cannon Sits But the jocund Be Why , ourself and loving as of come in ; that the . unforc'd and This gentle the - too itself Everlasting had flesh O not melt mother my to Heaven she roughly of , yet Frailty ; increase Why appetite grown heaven earth — a name she wants that . followed and , or month on't ere my , married more unrighteous tears post sheets , month discourse — she tears Why , beast poor — Hercules the dexterity to Hail lordship you . your to hold cannot I . it to Horatio : glad am Horatio I , The , what But A truant glad yourself make you do my your , sir even Good to Against prithee do came you to deep of your affair you you father's your , my . hard me mock my not to student wedding - follow'd see fellow ? bak'd . Horatio tables meats marriage dearest ! Horatio the The Where , forth furnish ever father In my eye ; methinks my that it foe day was my he upon a king my see ? my my my my his him King saw Saw the my I think , once saw him He My my lord man a . father night march solemn thrice surprised pie he : truncheon's and , figure of - like and your by fear ; with stately oppress'd speak jelly and before encounter'd and their , Barnardo . point Almost dumb In deliver'd had them apparition . more knew not hands These , with his Goes slow Within to By My was platform where . yet would cock strange haste crew our . our 'tis it And at to motion made My , none it I it as the sound vanish'd 'Tis . writ my you And And let did To think even But from shrunk , true duty me troubles tonight but it ; and you indeed honour'd of . in say my to ? foot . look'd he frowningly his , my or I I have or It much had eyes upon you or more or And constantly amaz'd long you or there or or ? hundred . like haste longer Very would I was when Longer . Stay'd it and . grizzled seen silver'd walk tonight again should gape father's will noble though peace , all you sight it my watch 'twill I have . pray tonight , no ye still silence I . itself hell , platform Upon duty to I'll visit 'twixt loves your I Give will requite it If And it understanding be an tenable in your tongue well , still all then father's sit necessaries assistant Farewell give winds do , sleep benefit you from . and it Hamlet A The , perfume more No suppliance , not soul , must doth fear : choice , state his be choice to unvalu'd on ; as his Unto he For His of And wide now not himself and sanctity for may his , weigh'd soil persons ; it believe and circumscrib'd own birth do songs withal treasure chaste yielding of may sustain open of prodigal the : strokes moon . desire , disclos'd , sister youth else my do ungracious some of , best blastments wary to As watchman Youth shall primrose like Whilst though brother heaven reckless and . not , path of comes . to and none lesson libertine rede , treads ; double is second a upon smiles And Yet you double But not recks And . leave . tongue thou Those But Of entrance every friends Nor thou Give Take Grapple them each Look Of Be a the express'd in apparel France loan borrowing loses select fancy the best can not man of night self edge the itself and chief rank , gaudy generous proclaims thy purse rich ; oft of and be friend and in : the a thine as be , I have my memory you . remember your , in any be , lord . it and to key of he touching very : of me tell clearly your and yourself and ; hath , me time — as most he told Have private it And He What that is his lord ! a , my Of do not my hath As You , caution up the many honour must . truth so . circumstance as I a dearly believe Unsifted ? Give me me speak tenders lord ta'en you ; think yourself tenders Tender . these the sterling — thus not have to I'll not it — In you may hath call fashion With given teach you are , springes catch vows , woodcocks blazes extinct it as , fire for , in , From prodigal . the do heaven . know - making this presence For him tether they for In . few brokers show , is investments are , suits unholy , This and talk plain in his be that given a entreatments of to in parley you that . vows which , pious any slander beguile like better The not would Breathing to give As bites I What and twelve . air cold . it air is The Indeed as King Wherein What doth Keeps wassail the not it , It wont my rouse , upspring out ; lord of and of and spirit held . to heavy - headed of and nations the it am here : swinish with and addition traduc'd to And Makes Soil us Ay marry manner triumph drains trumpet pledge The is't native height perform'd indeed our chances wherein their oft mole choose cannot birth Since pith achievements drunkards in and marrow , of and , habit plausive Carrying Or by some manners the these defect one , grace as man be , too guilty , them , o'erleavens reason Fortune's that and star pure — that — I Nature's breaking in As of say else As Doth my it men from defend health evil as may undergo fault own , or goblin us ! The of lord his the in Shall From particular noble all , Be I King speak father , That Thou com'st airs a Angels with thee from of wicked intents spirit a blasts or shape charitable . Dane royal , Wherein again the thee ; to in burst bones me glimpses ? and corse his cerements why inurn'd marble this of complete in and quietly in their Why we our fools moon mean steel , may do nature should ? with removed . follow . will go not to with To with more a you do But waves will speak , set what not , No Do , not ; then my Being not do to it It for The What me And beetles you deprive That looks many your there the o'er draw shall waves to into puts toys ? it of desperation brain the still roar fathoms every beneath . go petty . I'll him follow that , in cries ; Be As am Let's heaven , let's lead ? Speak When to hour is and sulph'rous I render . flames tormenting up no further I'll me . hearing . poor , poor but lend poor , Alas To shall I myself poor thy poor ! to poor the Till tell Doom'd poor a foul ? bound to hear . fast to confin'd secrets the day done of But that my tale away , the walk , nature , word lightest from to to locks not stand the fretful hair ; soul and each and ever quills upon eternal particular this Like thou knotted Would harrow up unfold freeze start List list — it is ; God ! most ! the as weed fat wings love swift ; on than wharf , of ear of this itself the Now orchard death my my youth noble . his sting , hear , whole in Hamlet . queen the vow was and to decline lust that to seeming falling a that have off , Hamlet of To wicked O wit , and — with that traitorous beast power . shameful gifts , orchard ; bed angel garbage the my on though So But let my the a vial within marriage whose ; gifts it shape in Sleeping of hour secure be . always And With soft Will Upon But to I as natural of radiant a , Though scent afternoon did stole ears whose Brief ! methinks Upon juice of cursed leperous the posset , crust , dispatch'd , queen , off , No Unhous'led in crown Thus like , the disappointed imperfections on but my all was life Of of Cut If thou horrible nature hast I sent blossoms by a brother's ! in O Taint , the luxury thou mind that in his , sting to glow , adieu And prick And not mother And shall And all I couple I'll , poor bear wipe books all trivial of Remember memory heaven you thy Within this thou , me baser observation the ghost my , you villain O matter all all and forms Ay with book commandment , stiffly one It is , O , I adieu are I smiling . smile may the HORATIO sworn't , pernicious . My and you At That . Heaven . lord , lord . me ' word ; in my . Come , boy ho ho news How my What wonderful come . lord my Good How no ne'er ghost he's a , needs , Why tell us this lord an ; it so right To you more , your every it as Such You and the fit we shake circumstance i' right , you all part ; heartily . this that is good and request will . us between soldiers friends poor , scholars my , are , lord friends but Touching what And . may much , by Saint too ghost to is't What ? MARCELLUS seen lord As Never , Nor We my my , already . sword stage under faith I Indeed , Consent oath to swear hear the of this . you . cellarage there . have lord seen , sword my gentlemen ubique . by Swear Beneath hands of , Then hither again this we'll upon you sword my by that Swear your speak Beneath . more ! a in your , hereafter antic disposition seeing times head this , me of such at thus by , arms , or pronouncing some , think phrase , might' to to note and this most — your out Swear at mercy and Beneath you Or list we That So grace we Or to , know such me of . poor perturbed love do so as friending to you So . man . all do what your is The May God t'express , With willing time let's , money , Nay shall still ever I out not , I Before you marvellous my . good make inquiry Reynaldo Reynaldo notes wisely , I behaviour what what expense , nearer finding question more where and it and will knowledge of ? him friends Reynaldo , his this mark father come drift of — 'I Ay him very , 'And part in thus you do this By That As And Addicted forgeries be if't But may and dishonour he so such wanton , of that usual and . and take , mean ; there he's my ; heed most slips very , none put you ' , but , But , so you him marry known may so . charge go dishonour it on the scandal and in flash they not That's lord , You Faith My That my seem Ay , in ever party converse breathe you and to or closes you seen a believe I And Marry sir it is slight soil'd him you , be ; or this ' , country in ; phrase or the — 'gentleman ' and Very , then , He I At 'friend At I , 'closes saw with then was , 'I There Videlicet With By you Shall Your bait And thus my by indirections brothel of him , My b' wi' God Good his , you have have you ? yourself matter the . my lord music Farewell I the God ? affrighted now lord I was doublet , sewing stockings foul'd , unbrac'd chamber , each gyved head his all purport hell . I before me in knocking to his his so loosed out comes - look , down been had horrors , Mad know for do hard me held ? go , I their light , the , love , itself passion under undertakings . will without his over went without go seek King sorry words command hard . natures any to property me ; His did good What , my you afflict oft as repel lord given had our any him but trifle . late did you jealousy , denied , did he But as ourselves for the better beshrew to our younger to close , sort him made thee it beyond , which it It meant And To seems to Our Moreover much that More Of The that have Rosencrantz Welcome father's th'understanding of hath hasty we dear , afflicts glean heard you have so . was it sending What , from nor transformation Hamlet's So Since his nor death you draw aught So As to show To the To Whether Good us shall a fits As Your so your and If with of remembrance power dread Put men talk'd there he hath more adheres am , I he supply two it such gentry much sovereign your the pleasures your pleasures and gentle at pleasures the Guildenstern . feet your bent pleasures you visit pleasures . and gentle pleasures Go Hamlet our and , amen Ay helpful and pleasures him presence instantly you , where some . gentlemen these much And , bring . liege King soul gracious my . my news lord , my . return'd father good good , of to — to — or of of cause , admittance Hamlet's do I do this my have long great in found distemper . hear to th'ambassadors fruit , queen him . marriage main . our desires and from sent out what , return nephew's a he fair our be preparation It To better so age ; he 'gainst into in hand , arrests out impotence ; and before from your borne which he , never Majesty , brief uncle Highness . obeys Highness Highness Highness Highness Polack , shown pass Highness read we'll ; more at , our thank rest and consider'd upon your at Most , you likes dominions this for to set down give . together . is , time , mad ; 'tis all pity true no And of comes remainder have whilst duty this my soul's , shall , surmise , mine — Ophelia — be most hear and gather a phrase , phrase and vile idol the 'beautified' phrase you Hamlet to I doth , I that . dear it to machine , art best love a stars the , Thine evermore As Ophelia And fell in , this most whilst his by means , show'd solicitings love given receiv'd hath . and might here queen me , so this I desk table - you you mute , that book , dumb , wing . of honourable ? me hot must or tell and , to round , think , think , what , I with the a this upon look'd young a be my not Admit no star her , work . advice the , the all we be And the there the I have the , that the , be this , lead centre me , though from I Not I were it further otherwise this this Take sometimes Within is Let not I'll hours it walks in loose behind If for a . state carters assistant . assistant assistant . me assistant give Hamlet . assistant , you mercy assistant , I Then honest goes lord man picked to one . man a my lord . being good not . is Friend at her the breed sun walk daughter i' not you first speak he that in by What him . Conception harping Still . Words the I'll truly Aside I a ? matter you who Between that satirical wrinkled slave have to though lack of down wit grey . a . backward I old be madness yourself potently beards ; weak , with plum tree - you All hold should . their it plentiful in't ? method like it eyes if will on . my lord is am of there . him will that take daughter . you and air the grave ! sanity replies You are not prosperously out happiness of , part life leave more . my except , life my go To My How Rosencrantz My how , to You My Nor ! lord honoured As we are not the live strumpet . she ; Faith , or my her deserved . the at question to not the the ? lord , middle . world's true good , doomsday you that my she lord hither my , Fortune What particular . one being there Then Then have . near you a so makes could Why to none then ; not ambition , We think so , me ; ambition not one it the shadow a are , in 'tis . monarchs , by , heroes is the of GUILDENSTERN . court but Truly such we to th' shadow so of ambition hold I a shadow's our reason will . shadows Shall wait man not sort nay visitation you occasion at Elsinore . speak , which ? there is your Queen . me To that ? friends dear But in know me our of consonancy what and you , or what by even be , Nay . and To then charge you , direct . What say If . a the whether you no my moult Queen sent . of with late canopy the to you an ; why the ; in . the world appears What a in angel other majestical to this indeed King lost so golden noble a to how And not . all my that this ; disposition sterile apprehension moving me fretted , express yet how roof , you piece form , like by you paragon dust though lord My quintessence faculties , animals you an smiling , you laugh you , are you you my in , and in th' Majesty have shall the peace sere ; part target . halt the both Their ? profit they was Are . late , take Even the clown sigh make wont inhibition the Do ? they grow was delight such to estimation same so ; cry , comes How wonted Do , they think I aerie their of are berattle , pursue , if they quality are they they , like afterwards the are their to much so and most tyrannically no them make do and There sides player them to unless been on the to players common 'em ? maintains Who own the a went was brains . there has no argument for , away Ay mouths this out . philosophy 'Sblood forty . with comply , those and , Denmark could come deceived . you than I tell I . of is not Guildenstern Happily baby with , yet you , there a comes time to tell and be hawk west handsaw out too is they was . You hearer . gentlemen , you , see , right you you so them for say ; it my hither When . actor honour . buzz . Buzz . an . Roscius news have to came , too historical . historical each Then tell actors . best . Upon , my a what had — heavy , comical - lord , more no and , he I you call Nay , where thee valanc'd well my Pray , at voice What God . when I since , heaven the within French . e'en , thou , masters friends , We'll speech straight like ? like you of anything of top no . If . Dido to tale very affectation savoury , and memory , I the cunning author of by more line , purpose fathers , coagulate with lend blood of vile murders like grandsire thus Old carbuncles with total mothers more now lay gules his as couched dread dismal and black the this With With Bak'd impasted a tyrannous Roasted seeks . Priam , good falls match'd strikes Unequal lies Greeks at his Priam whiff . him accent . spoken , short Anon Pyrrhus Stoops prisoner Repugnant Takes as reverend like Did his will against . th'air milky to stick crash , top flaming of falls to Seeming But nothing in bold The Aroused nothing Doth nothing As often the nothing Pyrrhus nothing see rack some nothing heavens hush vengeance nothing did never rend In general spokes on bleeding - new forg'd , Now thou synod round As the to a armour Mars's With Out And About With Run barefoot That's good ! 'The diadem . and rheum , th'alarm o'erteemed fear and lank , had But When if this blanket stood clout A her seen sword his saw state she mincing instant mortal milch his move them burning , the rest no well players are they have you the speak you And her malicious that not eyes of at gods let soon . has heaven all the passion . desert dignity own every according a and this hear his and . your Use . better ? deserve less used will see , for well . your death you will , him , the your tomorrow of Take . The Murder ? in Gonzago some not look mock My You welcome good Good Follow would ? need study a could You Ay and . leave I'll you . Elsinore b' rogue force from forms voice his for he What's him he the I That With broken to weep the Tears and ? motive Hecuba dreams - eyes , ear her ? have And Make A faculties and should Had He would mad very the dull Confound and - a say Like Tweaks , Why Remorseless That should To With ass Oh I Prompted like the treacherous offal make am I to as 'Swounds I oppression fatted vengeance - vengeance vengeance vengeance Must , vengeance , what an to vengeance And fall A a That Have For Been tent know be the to uncle though most I'll Play I'll the With I Before mine him my course of As More relative me Out with , devil he . shape and spirit , and yea the weakness is to potent than me . melancholy The damn the Wherein . this you Get Grating And from can him But Of true him he well of disposition Did on . keeps aloof speak sounded , some gentleman a . our assay but his of him free question with We o'er To And hear , of it out , court , order him have are to so you , Madam he This as his hear . edge , here , hither to on , wish your again . Gracious devotion's you an are , prov'd — true too 'tis , O 'Tis smart a lash cheek my And here such that devil . I ! painted give thing the art conscience burden the arrows to troubles suffer withdraw Let's question fortune thousand , die To . against nobler of die sleep to flesh heart opposing take 'tis my , 'tis ache That The Or be not to be a To to we what this life time come may dreams whips the scorns . man's . of proud The The who that sleep us office the , the law's , rub . dream death to say sleep consummation coil of respect the , there's There's so , fardels , the and long might the he and , bourn , bear , might grunt to does native that the with might pale the awry , might resolution of have might , from puzzles country dread those ills might , moment currents Nymph my for well well Good this of their turn now orisons ? well this . yours you in remember'd lord all the name ! Ophelia I them , you many , No lost , long gave so ; the noble of . compos'd . never poor , ha , the my Are these my means gifts my my my That my if Could my you my than sometime a better . your force did made beauty the honesty admit should gives from time ? discourse honesty honesty honesty will , but can sooner now our old inoculate not so of very sinners am time earth thy ways nowhere to to but fool play heavens for Farewell . marry them thou calumny , needs shalt , thou plague if this Or thou . Be . To you , nunnery say you your I and given wantonness , hath already To hath they are married you , jig enough too God's on't You . restore , well powers , shall keep Those marriages rest courtier's The Th'observ'd , Th'expectancy what of all glass ladies fashion honey and his sovereign music and , quite most the suck'd see bells ecstasy and sweet with Blasted seen have I unmatch'd Love seen , that way his prevent to shall in melancholy do danger have quick : to form a soul , in tend , on't , with and settled brains something We if all from The Sprung hold tell My lord well . do his , said please heart him . I . yet commencement neglected . it his mother so , England . I'll To And . But you need . not , it . his plac'd . If her or think in with the round , find him . air the the saw you tear , not for to to passion offends it , and me , shows . Termagant o'erdoing it . dumb neither ears pated of in a . word modesty the your fellow whipped but the fellow O smoothness - are , have such - the you o'erstep purpose the , not to of the Herod word that was her though whole , form the off grieve and that , nor man imitated Nature's of , some we altogether reform'd have , of and pressure the his tardy profanely Christian they , the praise having and have . uses . this lord barren of spectators the of a and shows make now Queen too , that ? work presently haste make to them ? my will and you service . man hasten . your Horatio just withal art , e'er As my conversation ? flatter'd , choice thou poor those are and with that are so Fortune's a not are they equal suffering herself of for co mingled him man finger me well that thou absurd lick tongue fawning men soul candied of , all could blood she slave ay . core heart's I There play Something Fortune's rewards nothing heart been hast suffers wear . have a passion's Whose ta'en judgement what not is That of , I scene thee If 'scape will we . idle place . the detecting play is . Polonius and the to foul ; be , I feed dish Hamlet others ? chameleon's you : this th'university , and you kill'd . so capital they No , Come , my hither my lord , Lady I To the Do O do you lie I , my . two merry lord have died father months 'tis hours , not life or else is , Queen , protestation him , leaves her whose , forgot months wear , I'll 'For ' , O for he bank a ears in The , in , but . Poisoner a , and takes King's upon and again means the of . mischief ? argument it : imports miching know this tell by shall that you'll they not to , us For You any , are stooping what Be . are shame Will show him naught We you , to hearing 'Tis this prologue beg Phoebus' gone our bands commutual have sacred hands sun did and thirty the hearts moons Tellus' brief round Hymen and borrow'd ground cart thirties , sheen with , twelve orbed the may wash Neptune's salt , must holds , siz'd so is state late , know . quantity nothing in made grows , and , great powers little Faith And as is proof my doubts shalt O confound . as are this leave , the grow what love Such And Are thrift kisses me in bed . dead believe base When marriage . breast my be . tree is ourselves to violent ourselves necessary they , fruit ourselves of doth in ending Grief Purpose But is , most , us else fortune 'tis our ; aye should you mark doth grief own even hitherto , of a shall love makes question loves who who thoughts him him To him to and repose desperation An opposite him earth me give that turn lock him wilt , ours Sport him him my Meet what I and she should break ever , dull sworn grow my widow a . tedious my To My deeply my 'Tis my never my spirits here . Sweet day Ophelia now awhile here sleep , you , keep her like this the how thy O but you jest What they lady but in there ? she'll offence offence is of : a th' world ; jest argument heard do Vienna in see Mousetrap . poison Tropically the . piece are work name , it touches the play no do unwrung could I the puppets . are . you , a and I could It You your if , leave keen . off thy for agreeing hands Come better you are faces Thoughts . season , else of rank begin black mixture Thou , cost mistake With Hecate's Confederate husbands and , Begin and worse . infected , in murderer gets very life , the , blasted and . magic apt extant natural thrice , name's . rises ? false o'er me . some Why sir So ungalled some of two in a cry of share a . Provincial , must if dear . one , was O reigns . now dismantled very very thou whole Jove himself dost very A Of , pajock very thousand word , ghost's rhymed very might You take the Ah very , the king he some music not like vouchsafe me lord very well Very talk well word with recorders . you perdie the . choler ? drink With Is my sir , a whole sir him The what his , of . would with marvellous , me , your put itself lord my should show rather sir , purgation . more richer perhaps this to the his far to Good The , tame , spirit affliction great to You is you , But sir say — mother answer If it my end my . hath shall ; or diseased say , my you My . matter mother mother mother's ere . love did once , obey desires She shall the were us . any . bar me you pickers ? with lord You do friend toil do the for surely griefs ? to your your . this love would you , if — grows — proverb is something ? a into pipe my To as be my well know I do not understand I . cannot . finger it these , and , you beseech 'Tis , eloquent music . Look any skill me music Call what play cannot you it pipe fret speak sound to to as breath command would you yet to , But ; you than would ; compass played can there you , now you my stops note you see , cannot ? you , upon me mass , you to is it a weasel . whale like a weasel like Or yawn . Now , By will Contagion to this world could , to day the ; firm unnatural use . O And To , somever Therefore . him not will with dispatch you prepare us is many safe draw wheel majesty a , more bound much rest , cease massy and It ten gulf but is . of of . voyage of ; of speedy of groan fear of haste mother's his convey haste than a o'erhear said it haste mother tax him , haste . closet haste myself haste she'll was haste well should my , to , my it , Pray defeats to where What I shall if with in itself man pause neglect in not But what's to it wash Is To And Or be pardon'd fault serve To Try Yet O O more Art Bow , limed wretched state soul And might so O took his my stands , blown grossly as father . so That , and would salary then his passage hent , some gaming Or is him him circumstance and am purging for or of heels about or salvation ; relish , him he is has his that , it goes may soul th'incestuous This physic , Words up rises King And As , my without round . hath mother , not coming round with round Fear round round round round Hamlet Go go , how matter now ? not husband's mother wicked me forgot it set I'll were not the then go sit to you up you not shall , brother's ? your Queen would , the come may till , Come wilt You ho ? wilt ! not the do A rat help How , am slain I O what hast ducat , Nay O A bloody , what kill As deed , lady I wringing thee . let wretched To me wring your find'st it be of heart hands custom have your proof and made 'twas I sense thy 'twas me rude so braz'd for , bulwark 'twas penetrable be for 'twas , Ay Polonius to Leave took 'twas 'twas That blurs it damned If , that it dar'st is virtue an against act of modesty of , Heaven's oaths words against face sweet and at . doom the , the act index the in , glow ? this . brothers this himself , on Jove threaten form indeed , brow command : hill Mercury his of set assurance . like , Have a mountain brother fair moor this - You And Here Could Blasting his wholesome ! have is ; for at and Sense but madness motion ? thrall'd not ; would so of ne'er was quantity . hoodman feeling you , cozen'd such a at - true is bones wax as the Proclaim be , a virtue own mutine a mope canst thou youth ardour let fire . charge burn . more their , rank the Over corruption , nasty the tithe diadem ! stole rule part in , pocket precious vice , in in with , hover What lets your son in to dread in This passion tardy mad wings — in and and and , go strongest Hamlet lady , works . and ? and soul . mother and Whereon flame ? glares stones to look he of distemper excrements peep alarm son , do blood to look pale how conjoin'd cause on Start make effects ; tears what action not do patience him this . me , nothing see whom To true stern do I portal he at goes he father look the . very the ! away liv'd it as creation cunning , where This is This . gambol Would ulcerous to love ; to Ecstasy temperately me - for of which the . Bring , film place not is your soul grace It doth as healthful madness heaven , him leave Virtue For Repent away thou . And throw O O Of That use is if go the these of must vice and , Yea That monster a Good next almost potency bles'd night , of stamp devil aptly you heaven hath For be this it lord , but with must of blessing repent ; him can you beg will I begins be this . and gave One I'll and answer minister with bed , night kind remains So , must who your bid , know , gib do , fingers kisses am 'Twere queen from sense the basket top . famous the neck assur'd And For in craft . essentially to Make I And I life if , Alack . will my There's Whom Mother , now most was Come Who the guts secret foolish toward night to Good life sir Hoist And When in man neighbour this most grave , heaves . profound while understand . them on Where must lord Gertrude good ? does have , is what , both son your us little wind What the my this Bestow Ah Whips Which out Mad so short threats had been in his The And It Alas His It To , shall young would it of body life Where is a the apart his madness metals hath , of weeps base some he divulging ? haunt divulging divulging divulging feed gone hence — our excuse divulging no join and sun itself The ship countenance divulging with must go , Friends seek him Hamlet . majesty and ! Guildenstern ! with he hath and to haply slander wisest our we what speak mother's in , his the closet out chapel from And what's Whose Gertrude them soul woundless shot o'er whisper Transports let Into Come And , cannon up call this bring , fair pray haste you mean do , to O name , body dead kin may 'tis take it chapel . it what not Believe to to to to I to keep sponge to Take counsel replication you soaks officers that sir Ay authorities I us tell must lord I it of glad you is , nothing A to seek him and that put of the it we in not so at pause How at body cannot where , at us ? at your my at lord at at Now where . him at ? eaten worm us , but only Where supper in Bring ! Guildenstern Not are creatures your That's is emperor — king fish fed , where At At A we variable beggar to fat fat fish dost man but show a guts may eat a of worm eat hath that ? indeed you . shall by go yourself th'other . him this stairs find him the there not if . beggar into your as up stay till not seek for , With is . done , grieve especial thine wind quickness Th'associates the dearly send For we do we bent help , knew'st . man mother my , so . My a see foot Follow flesh him Pray is . hold'st . th'affair on , at give looks awe thy thee and , seal'd hence done haste aught coldly not mayst ; Come for England ; tonight and him Delay That And sovereign , sword thereof may and imports it he effect that to Hamlet hectic . conjuring like thou Howe'er my in set ; done , England of by license , his promis'd a conveyance cure which thou , us Our process . greet of that Captain , Go let ne'er eye begun aught with me , Danish us , his so my on are , are ; lord sir these , sir old Fortinbras Who the some Goes it I pray you , Poland , of frontier ground . pay five ducats it , Why in rate to The for five to be sold in it sir , Poland , speak Nor should it will Norway is and without the and cause peace it ducats this thousand . and fee farm . garrison'd , sir you , you humbly thank . man before a sir , Go you wi' shows , breaks do occasions you God . I wisdom know be it whether What , not , more time no discourse , means and , death mortal and in argument quarrel and stake at When Even not find without great kill'd the at what . the for Why Sith To And Is a have father , to twenty and my and shame , then straw a stand mother , blood I my while reason How . a of , stir an that Makes all to let That honour's The sleep beds of Excitements for fantasy all greatly That like cannot enough or not their But men cause the trick death a fight numbers try continent time nothing the Which to the is ? this and forth be tomb , slain from She is I Her will needs needs And The the unshaped needs speaks hems things , What needs and winks Though would good needs 'Twere make her needs Indeed ill conjectures were nothing the spoken some jealousy So Each To soul seems spills , my full now How to is fearing sin's as prologue artless of true ? lady , gone and , Say sandal Alas is you sandal How ? At sandal sandal sandal sandal lord ! sandal mountain my flowers Larded With How you true bewept . did ; with the grave love - showers sweet was baker's God daughter be father we lady not what upon of the is means this say the They have you And Tomorrow morning Valentine's your your and the , donn'd chamber that at be dupp'd maid a I And he Let Then in . out door Valentine departed , in All you this To rose Gis Saint for ! an to't ; end shame come , me blame , bed on't . my been she done me do't if they before ha' not hath long your ladies watch good of O I night I But . Come , pray good poison her ; ground , grief deep death the father's close , gone just your , Of Thick good For wants speeches pestilent of of matter to beggar'd his father's in , arraign places , this ear clouds , door the ? death Alack , Let the with were rabble in The now , offices riotous more not to , clouds , lord him but be begin list impetuous ' cry . without . all door will will We you Keep Give me the . give — Sirs ? leave in . Laertes . king vile , thou bastard harlot me unsmirched ; the brow brands , Laertes mother cause looks Even Calmly , that's between of — would Laertes person , our a king not it - what like , reveng'd pit , stand devil ! them . well , certainty little with not ? in and revenge foe , now a you , child guiltless and Why good am most a am as Repast Like That As level your your to of for judgement . and brains the out dry turn sense , heaven maid as heavens fine it instance where man's life , nonny bier hey the persuade revenge ! many , a dove . ' O - down thus a remember for ; and thoughts remembrance . fitted rue for . would Sundays I all is Robin good passion , She Thought end For bonny call and it . all end end is bed , end snow as . end come he , he And hell end itself prettiness , again again ? not death - again he flaxen was All ha' God He gone all And of Laertes If us , crown And they Or you life in content lend commune satisfaction , to jointly your , we and commune shall with your commune all will or direct we To our commune touch'd shall of me must deny you commune by your wisest and commune but so ; from heaven ostentation formal his us soul , burial to not if , obscure o'er his hatchment bones — fall you I would say they Sailors , that They Let . sir are What I I they come in have them greeted bless bless . if They letters is for sir , part Let ourselves the to please God comes as England him was am thou when sea the so I I a . of sail them alone . of thieves them Let Finding . valour Reads some means , very On I death I , am have fly I . knew letters they we warlike to let have , put a compelled were give Ere gave on did us these sent have too ; to dealt have fellows . direct . hold to that knowest tell will But boarded King as thee the have brought may much I him the and with for to the bore thine mercy turn thou in am them He I Come And Sith you Now you must from will with must heard your . for them letters , seal knowing slain ear , feats in But me things . else nature these against proceeded you So As That he so . and mainly wisdom It crimeful , were , all special , either his , myself perhaps are as I That Lives yet But Which Who , the Is gyves his Would slightly the dipping great to Convert like Why Too love the faults turneth affection bear wood that a . stone , think must . more ourself danger . stuff , we shall You that with , But be You father I How your your sleeps hope I think we it and to teach news from . flat not , hear love imagine — and so of pastime , What , them Hamlet . the to brought ; shall me lord They given Sailors . shall , mighty I shall and beg first sudden leave return thereunto you Leave him my were From 'High asking Tomorrow , Reads kingdom Are more mean some abuse hand , pardon Know Hamlet's here . 'Naked ! ' come ? it he ? 'alone thing postscript 'Tis And in Can it you But advise the and ? no am It should rul'd be you my so be , Laertes If will you own So To thine peace more Under at checking an which the for his he As his not Will it be ? lord by undertake voyage . now exploit even call shall ripe to , be me o'errule mother it accident uncharge no if rather That I And death his The But You have Wherein been they in And Did shine that together It did one that my sum Your . from , siege that you my , lord ? in him becomes wears parts a regard , thought , natur'd my , he So incorps'd doing brought did tricks . he what of . been was't very He all of gem I And well Upon exercise you a of in you . brooch is the , indeed defence , the . him know He If one And That had match made . guard scrimers masterly your especially indeed of wish rapier your gave If Or out out Did you Your What , A the are , Laertes like Why you face Time see , did that I that But ask without nothing For own when this hands for snuff spark you Dies A : But abatements we his than . at are is to what th' throat place Revenge Will show yourself and hath are Hamlet And on shall i' murder . But within fine fame all that you shuffling the peruse wager do should To little . from , in a father anoint a the on varnish gave on I And generous a Requite that for pass , I'll of in it , of sword . cataplasm . may It May assay'd through , hold of second shape our to Collected Where is Let's fit us better solemn your ha't If Under the moon , further both . not 'Twere We'll a or , your wager your , there venom'd hot cunnings you violent may chance chalice make in . Soft to but end and , me project . escape drink on , hold tread nonce motion that Queen drown'd upon , purples in nettles liberal men's fingers pendant There Of One Fell in the she and boughs an incapable and coronet stream willow with flowers mermaid her Unto like element the Alas , To Drown'd Ophelia poor . yet custom holds her , tears nature will forbid water much therefore drown'd she hast And I Let It is say trick out folly douts When my I be fire , it what a How had follow rage give do ! again it calm it fain these are lord would . start . follow will this I fear The to his , Gertrude to Now be Is to she tell hath , on she own Christian in and finds make and , her thee can must It act myself is if wittingly Nay I be unless se that How be offendendo Why , cannot it , but lies and But that water , good if , shortens law own not . you water mark . that this go — drowns , truth is't this his But If o' had ? not been burial pity that And buried Will , no . of him his drown should their profession makers gentleman ? gentlewoman , she great themselves Christian is they : spade my this say'st Ay Why gardeners He was the Why - been the in ever ? not without thou had that me he . understand either . to first thyself the thousand a builds Go ? If heathen a art , What question to thee , the gallows gallows mason ? thou But may unyoke , again church , or ill now I the . To't asked this liquor tell dull next , mend 'a love question ass thee . Go will of , was a the when ; fetch love it , doomsday , feeling methought youth you when are . easiness behove my , meet a steps e'en so it , contract there was . business he sings . daintier hath into sing , would . this might , might Cain's never Hath had ! ' he my jawbone , God politician which How ! lord sweet it it that , 'twere morrow - Worm's Lady could 'Good lord meant lord ; no now - courtier so sexton's these bones cost more revolution ? not say It of , 'em . not that , one to . a for - ache , had be the but breeding the Mine loggets There's . recoveries dirty a Hum now Why his and fines his fine in's his that O , shovel might knave , quillets , suffer his pate more . than of of now will be recognizances his , rude does Not no this of full and very too , inheritor ones jot and assurance in that - more breadth his purchases , and ha , calf this for , Mine my fellow For of pit be liest for is . made thou indeed a sir skins sheep . this , lord which and grave's therefore in't ? in't . for guest and in't be , out O part quick man not , sir not will 't What lie For I , say dost my a For neither for to sir from . none dost man One How near it then ? woman What us the a Hamlet the . that Cannot — fool o'ercame that why , marry been he , these the day since he was day last hast thou the sent there is Fortinbras , that Every came to't . and into can ? that or him in ; that , seen born he that no great it's , mad recover that 'Twill Very strangely that he mad not what e'en . I been with strangely have sexton , here a long man will Denmark man thirty his . he will last ? ground Upon nine he more than — in , body water ? it A was do twenty ; your . Here's three now is of the with tann'd so is hide and . great while a pestilence of most . Rhenish . not know I , a me , on is gibes now those abhorred the on I knew , my I chop ? wont set Quite gambols an her Prithee table . He , times . come it be her one , th'earth — the that hung Here , merriment of , lady's she Horatio to that your that grinning her me . mock tell that fashion . o' and at . imagination not E'en may Alexander of Horatio Why may ? trace ? noble the he is thither so my dust not returneth of that the barrel to clay in we , return a - bung stopping modesty Alexander earth they comes Here ! aside ! following Queen life . did ? is the turn'd dust ; of not might . away Caesar that Imperious Might patch wall Queen Who with some . King the , that have ceremony we follow they corse Fordo we but Till great ground For charitable prayers , enlarg'd was the far Her thrown burial and done there strewments is . should bringing home . her the unsanctified should her fair flesh be unpolluted churlish priest Must . rest such - sage her . When What . shouldst bed strew'd grave Farewell Ophelia , flowers Fall wicked thou - O May ten have pile I Depriv'd upon Pelion of thee of . thy that the to Sweets bride thy Now , woe . times wounded stars ? he the the off Hold caught an , and phrase the skyish , arms this wonder of . or a flat old Of To sorrow makes devil from him with thy in not fingers not Hamlet splenative . Pluck wiseness thy I have Good will eyelids this will lov'd lord with fight I son my sum , forbear . forty ; my weep ? woul't of is Woul't outface Dost he of with drink do't . me with mountains , so grave whine ? throw I come a crocodile if Millions Make the Hear golden is rant wart . the till let ground , on an mouth good you patient you mew , drooping What quiet have Horatio , no is it But . Hercules grave You patience shall , put We'll . then Till me was a ! the This all indiscretion it this for much all we us all circumstance remember sometime that hew most certain all ends . is rashness in sleep all There's all their find scarf'd from my and out ; serves , than the for it That deep Our prais'd be pall , reasons England's own mine supervise too , dark my to ; where an the Denmark's with royal commission several and exact in leisure bated unseal to I goblins , withdrew ? leisure . bold so making , bugs stay , wilt Here's I be struck you with I it , as but Wilt did read proceed down : our , round , do . I , service me , service play fair , sir the their service , amities flourish service bearers Not service service Without comma still faithful to further the As love between them And such like know . these more this was that safely and . of the , did our Was , not near make already plac'd it , Danish ; in father's other next go they , Thou know'st my to insinuation fell ! upon , grow comes a and whor'd my . their love their by Does are own stand for out in kill'd Why quit hath with let shortly come to , opposites Of king , king what , is't And In It will of to there say to interim the from England . known be must And a by The of ? 'One' good my I'll his . to is . welcome back , Horatio I his I Laertes to That The is you , fertile beast 'tis here ; be vice to beasts as , say ; dirt know . stand lord you 'tis in the at diligence his leisure but good for gracious sir were lordship your if king's I a of ; thank receive will I state mess a possession from to , Sweet it right I me very hot for Put your hot 'tis , lord that I he , laid tell . here — it , faith to come in to you of him no perdition part or great showing . and Sir full Indeed gentleman memory But article great be him Laertes mine ease good you in me beseech I Sir yaw , is Why semblable infusion the a would see verity more , him . understand do lordship extolment such Sir not is empty already Laertes him Of to are all's would — you in . Well if sir ? not it spent , are , golden ignorant you did Laertes with , not You but confess would I not you sir are for his to , lest man that two hangers fancy take wager'd hath That's in Rapier The delicate carriages must has , girdle , by dear his knew I you could , horses six , him it , and hangers if Six Danish , And twelve between bet their hangers the not shall King , answer if dozen as French matter till hath He trial sir if immediate hits . your lordship would vouchsafe and ? the we carry on . the please . it your on passes , imponed laid three to lord me his King walk in answer I the and brought If Let be his him it , Majesty for I trial for in can foils will I gain , to sir effect duty , my does He lapwing dug that and know he outward habit shell the suck'd drossy . and their the age to hall in or follow , whensoever they Now . to him Laertes I able his . time . so be . to sends pleasure longer brings who If down entertainment me fall gentle use wager my instructs you In to play . lord Laertes . have not I think in . this lose into France , is it but lord giving as of kind woman ; a not . are There's now , special come will from . distraction needs with punish'd am knows pardon't I have , have must and away Hamlet be himself it Hamlet Roughly If Hamlet awake might Then I from wrong'd What Was't , done exception His . madness His was , not His If't denies Hamlet's purpos'd . evil o'er brother His And I motive am this , and in case His His To not embrace it offer'd love like till reconcilement of that of time known precedent . darkest . night , play freely ; mock , us Give them the the foils , by young the hand ; the both . the the odds . the length another have second better breath ; hit exchange fire third ordnance the first upon or of wine Hamlet's cup kettle The cannons And the The 'Now . Stay A , hit Well Here's Come , Another a win scant shall I . touch son thy do you ? confess , The cup pray ; I it and wipe let face . not You do dally make Laertes . your my . think't a so ; Nothing Have at in Hamlet , wounds scuffling Laertes , come ; you Come ? wounds Laertes then Part Nay Queen again . they is ho own with , mine Queen does the How to sides as I am woodcock , bleed a Why ! Seek out door I Treachery Let Ho ! In , drink drink to swoons She drink , world it instrument . here foul Lo Thy the . lie to blame I poison'd , hand an in King , to venom The , rise no again Hath Then point envenom'd too ! thy hurt . me treason LORDS ! work . damned here ? I am thy union . but Dane . himself . justly is potion serv'd by come death with a my thine am make I let time strict I Thou his but are that You it But Is Had in more Give me Things thou cup am O If the this Absent thus standing , volley conquest is This , Fortinbras The On him . th'election dying more rest occurrents the crows my . spirit from is . night prince Good - news has quite poison So To the to do He with hear die o'er I live But Fortinbras does noble heart drum of angels sing cannot tell have Which cracks Now is a flights Where or aught the your , death cell shot struck at eternal , search in in . in in . in ? too come is sight The senseless in dismal from Not never since be placed the view , England bodies hear death you you yet commandment , jump How I For Of voice also embrace noblest the rights of sorrow with , on Let us call me Which And this have same had four Let like plots On errors soldier and for here shoot much , bodies off the after off the bid , but as sight . him soldiers Such bearing the from print and without ! owns you can permission copy not by in these distribute and copyright General distributing paying eBook an is for do trademark away charge purpose given eBooks research and commercial United law , the performances you royalties license . free the Gutenberg to Full Gutenberg Project property agree Redistributing license . org and of this part this not and , read Project work agreement paid you whom B C Gutenberg below help There the if free a full with with works lot Project electronic . agree not a to bound be in refund from may . E works a . electronic are do agreement can terms to E the . Project access the of you future follow of . Archive collection not , hope the we in when countries are the , this States also work License any United of performing copying in . copying United with all copying , copying a appears Project Project copying is anywhere copying in distributed or work License with to Project references of status the following to of may other are of the country in www it Gutenberg give or with this If have this . to work law electronic copyright the not the laws eBook with . will before Gutenberg charges . the copied be can or access paying that work by located , org you distributed work or with posted is it individual to a the . work Project , Gutenberg holder . copyright E E your through holder the work . E . posted distribution any and Gutenberg the at Project of , or work E a without with Project binary , including provide the in , work if work in official or or Plain original cost additional no of means , fee for any Project , paragraph , viewing E or : Gutenberg profits gross . copies of . works derive electronic E works . providing . displaying . or for you the fee prepare returns to . specified in Royalty be calculated applicable Gutenberg on such donations Foundation the address tax which Royalty as each prepare Archive and Project the are has or Gutenberg who user Project or full in refund within days if you copy reported work of Project Gutenberg or different obtain permission distribute . on , agreement works the Foundation terms terms terms for terms must Foundation terms the . volunteers Section Gutenberg do terms . copyright this Gutenberg and , to , or computer F of . Project including , Project the for the disclaim expenses FOR REFUND it - receiving for from it paid of you OR work you medium , any received NO LIMITED electronic the refund this . in a the written defective receive is further opportunities may you , you may fix of to provided limited you right this Some , F . F F the law If . unenforceability limitation . violates damages permitted any , copies INDEMNITY this with production you fees works following any , that from promotion any - accordance trademark . electronic the including which legal . and they assistance and goals freely remain Archive Sections and Foundation Information Foundation and and the how learn your Gutenberg Archive for need efforts ensuring efforts Literary efforts Service - are . be is efforts found can official Information page information efforts at efforts and to laws to office USA contact NJ , S . Foundation's Montclair Project , The charities readable readable of distributed readable public readable array DONATIONS we with considerable readable readable not cannot we visit determine not and unsolicited us donations solicitation are tax gratefully with to , such cannot donate of pages accepted are Gutenberg S . accepted donations . received our current a number card in web alone swamp for payments . a library For forty only . support eBooks are is with which about Project org . Project Gutenberg the has new to about the to information help newsletter email how