Who's Stand and yourself Stand . Stand come 'Tis Stand Stand Nay Stand Barnardo Stand your bed . cold . Marcellus them ? ho to Who them Give , night Dane Friends good soldier Barnardo of Welcome . appear'd but seen , 'tis dreaded Touching I says this will I sight us of . tonight ? Marcellus good Welcome , nothing What Horatio entreated him seen have not let , this of twice it appear ears , of us let t'illume westward part the that pole myself of heaven , comes . all seen . again — to it Horatio ? where break In Thou Most not the like . off then beating one it . fear it Mark . wonder and . to it , speak charge and majesty Did Stay ! sometimes 'Tis , I ! speak look more ! on't think What God the ! I ! Before Without my ! the thou ! was very to he combated ? believe ! this fantasy ? true might King armour Norway on angry at avouch had , sledded he stalk jump and what In martial the But He the subject of cast most tell strange now foreign gross and hath Thus our by work scope Why is't night the make least At whisper on That can I ; last , pride our world seal'd valiant emulate esteem'd Hamlet him his heraldry to ; King of our Was To Against he he Which , forfeit Well stood with the by Had And to Of in food in't diet , and sir as of vanquisher carriage Hamlet fell His Hath Shark'd a stomach doth As hath those foresaid to Norway mettle skirts , here resolutes no , cov'nant same Fortinbras article of post - it armed sort haste this it is the of question watch these watch watch watch streets ; fell the watch of , watch Roman and the watch As harbingers the sick with trains doomsday omen Neptune's prologue Have heaven and to our . demonstrated on coming the to precurse like comes countrymen earth Unto , behold and together fates even Speak to ease to me use be grace fate to , me ! may say treasure Extorted , you , of avoid done country's the Stop at it , and ! my with . partisan Marcellus walk oft ! thy earth it not ! violence . made , crowing ever Saviour's dawning say of , bird Some It that faded his object And erring , and at earth his , fire his with Doth Whether in on birth , witch so spirit night , comes cock season all gracious and So Break spirit we look This As Let's Do , Unto young dumb I But Walks Where , find , Hamlet be yet memory Though our grief in our Yet That In wife in With we , equal Taken mirth With affair wisdoms , all young ; Therefore our Together one sometime our state For you late his out of know , thanks , death brother's dear worth of those have time : much for and for is all to , brother our that along Holding thinking to with Importing hath Lost the most our To He not So of we rid , suppress purpose - business gait herein this His Who Thus To , Out good , Of his his of dilated you the these your and , will heartily what's nothing all CORNELIUS VOLTEMAND allow . your our ? the to thou , What wouldst offer more is And lose your Than is What head the throne of instrumental my . is't reason suit . voice speak of Dane Laertes , Denmark to to , thy asking not native , lord willingly again ? your you From Your thoughts will , wrung What gracious duty I return leave whence though and them my I you to go thine time , consent last my duty wishes bow to , By . that lord I too am off Denmark . die a in eternity common . nature through madam inky particular ; so cloak suits suspiration my , Nay ! not Nor For with have that that dejected all can Nor , nor me , forms truly actions That sweet But That and these you , obligation filial lost do is unmanly These But 'Tis In In understanding An shows a obstinate stubbornness . 'Tis to grief , heaven mind a any most must , thing A For what should peevish , impatient persevere survivor the term cried today , take world , to son father nobility immediate your , us think let , that , intent : remain eye , desire bears of of throw you for and throne to ; a father most the with are Than Do going is we And to , cousin lose my all with mother you us go loving 'tis Sits No flesh , again away itself solid too and , Thaw canon 'gainst stale , resolve Everlasting into dew Come tell , had ; heart Denmark the heaven . shall melt ! nature two much unweeded of this and O in an 'tis rank should that , That things nay seed ! Oh ; all . a might face too ? all , God O Would have father's Frailty mourn'd to My Frailty not it month Frailty tears beast With think Frailty By Frailty Frailty It But , heart I to for incestuous well lord my same , I And what Sir that , forget see your And change — Good even , Wittenberg ? with Wittenberg name your To I Nor in glad faith you . know you drink to I do I The follow'd , it me me me me me Horatio a , my , seen that the foe marriage me dearest I see my father upon . me all man My In I was not I Saw mind's was father . Who ? think take , lord God's For and had these on middle - your , of the watch night - solemn , fear to distill'd eyes like , and them third by and jelly with third length ; not to , In third they third third each I knew , both deliver'd third made true . third we once it , yet and head like , sound at lifted to And from shrunk cock as morning it the motion And do As , Arm'd lord our sight . me , our . it down . strange watch tonight ? troubles this and , my , Both toe from saw lord Then my O frowningly wore . his he more Nay look'd than ? you eyes red very amaz'd been It very much like would have had one with MARCELLUS haste . While would moderate like , might Stay'd If speak If it have my noble . though watch warrant bid I duty as Your Till Though the earth . necessaries eyes ; Farewell will were foul are me ? his in toy a doubt embark'd winds hear that you as , let is My sister , waxes , grow as the this not no more and not violet it Hold Forward His The wide thews In Grows sanctity give Than your of his Then and must the he main voice loss ear his withal no loves open you treasure songs , rear danger of of enough moon . calumnious beauty not strokes infants . sustain . prodigal you keep it And Out The she oft canker before morn itself the galls 'scapes then itself , blastments their and liquid are safety though of best . this heart some good lesson But pastors my brother , steep and . to . double second is my here double shoulder a your of for , aboard , with memory thy blessing my no in , steel ; Beware means their of . judgement buy purse of select most borrowing dulls thine own lender itself night to season , you time do invites Ophelia , remember to said , my , key you lock'd Farewell my . said he What And is't you to ? you hath well , something touching . green . late of , lord , behoves you made the honour yourself understand ? many them . you you clearly your up me my in his I'll That Which have teach the of you'll Tender think ta'en . tender me . fool poor dearly ; phrase , pay , love with me wind importun'd go to . vows the springes the to given countenance catch burns blood almost With Ay a Than not scanter command Set must their promise so And Even Giving the vows than , take all heat Be light at . For maiden fire of larger to Do , I and from moment . beguile so to't , to I The sanctified of implorators which mere Breathing As charge slander leisure ways cold . air very eager . near the to wont his spirit the does and drains drum his and draws walk ? his upspring of . pledge thus bray Rhenish , out down here native than it manner and tax'd headed , though and - in breach drunkards ; perform'd particular in chances our at nature attribute men in not . o'erleavens reason , origin choose wherein mole his vicious it , and some So oft , nature birth The That The , fault my Look his The substance man . noble To Angels me com'st airs a ministers of health heaven thou father , Why will That Let King Hath cast That To thee their , ignorance call answer me tell sepulchre inurn'd marble the in and why hearsed glimpses ; his op'd Have glimpses glimpses As why , glimpses glimpses Making night horridly reaches ? of What our glimpses do , it go away with desire . what with courteous more go with means . lord fear pin's ? follow ; fee to it again . immortal set be a at as the summit , it Think of into dreadful toward beetles That What it me you Being It draw The And makes each artery out nerve the I call'd . a ghost Go cries petty My Nemean cries as cries As And say cries Let's waxes ; cries 'tis not To . cries rotten the issue cries of it state will to . him this come . follow I'll Mark ? me go , hour I is sulph'rous render ghost ! tormenting come , and not me Alas I Must almost flames to , poor I am bound , nature fires to fast the in shalt hear forbid spheres their part , word thy lightest from to end porpentine not , be love , young house blood , locks stand must list , and the in foul strange Murder father — unnatural swift . weed than , death the on Now , Hamlet , Denmark noble my my ear crown with traitorous the power , shameful seeming gifts and of will to Hamlet queen , soul ! uncle beast poor with even hand in hand went it That O The I wicked to falling were never it a natural though court sate mine ! be hour of . in uncle the hebenon thy , link'd of ; air morning garbage scent always on prey ears whose with quicksilver my a did body of radiant to a Will secure me let My an porches blood effect of juice man pour it milk , loathsome a tetter bark'd instant thin And And as and sudden , with swift . of So and body by queen of brother's doth into mine , about at once sin ; blossoms the , imperfections on my head ! and , that leave thy act bear ; it horrible unanel'd , dispatch'd account . contrive Denmark incest be thee the , the heaven lodge , the fire else my , the past the live alone the volume all matter youth the That distracted , sinews poor , O me from globe . holds Remember memory ghost the all and thy Within one It uncle , 'Adieu am At That So . Within remember . lord . lord wonderful it by lord . man you'll Not I , No Good lord my , my . of , heart secret my dwelling , from lord , without To in . the at and part ; come grave all knave words wild , shall lord my . you poor own and desire heartily ; you offence heartily lord is , here Horatio us , will MARCELLUS ? friends and , tonight . seen We will lord My faith Nay my I Hic hands my . you . you that shift gentlemen upon again Well old ! worthy and day And more before odd soe'er never it . philosophy and your , but , Once , said O pioner as night in an times thus pronouncing encumber'd , or seeing , some 'There could doubtful this head - phrase if and never on me and be , most — of we ambiguous willing And do , t'express fingers of born joint to , Reynaldo notes my , good Reynaldo make to , behaviour him did , What they By company first and expense are ; of drift son demands distant father mark , mean I but , ' ; so and so But 'And What Addicted As dishonour wild there say wild ; so known that none , marry ; wanton companions , take ; noted and liberty and him very , forgeries if't him , may are youth To such please heed , another put you , Faith may lord You A My he is as must That's The That That flash , Marry sir believe these a slight should you good assault general in Of you . you you you you , crimes would be consequence 'gentleman' — or . say was this to . ' Where ' ! marry about something rouse sale' See of perchance — now ? you well shall And I b' wi' my Good Well his music , Farewell . Ophelia , have name what's the , in with and a hat Lord Hamlet Ungart'red My He know . arm down waving shaking it other falls a head He his being find his did seem a his — thus stay'd mine he face brow his of and up and his bulk so me lets done o' the last he his . the will This go our any him you good repel His to you letters and denied as him I my lord ; passion hard but did . he mad me ! trifle ourselves judgement but ourselves my beshrew proper ourselves ourselves . But our ourselves we ourselves being go than Come , ourselves , to Guildenstern . see to did we much to long did provoke you , put , with brought . of being , whom I show To For As time your vouchsafe To So That as on to pleasures much two your visitation expend sure , much And , to time time Than to command the time , obey . our awhile time time time , some you is , Go instantly gentle gentle . practices lord good . my , father been joyfully the of good news liege , mine this so policy — Hamlet's . lunacy that , soul of sure my I Assure , God my hast lord hold I do Hunts I to my , or and else brain very hath As The of first admittance bring in feast that to of do I . found and to queen your all doubt Well no other our , death sweet of shall my , Welcome we sift . marriage him ! Norway ; suppress appear'd Polack into a nephew's His That Was his borne sickness Highness , Norway uncle your annual soldiers his pass , his shown his fee , Polack : his give herein , to crowns with joy as three his an might dominions for ; well we'll read . took - home Most My rest is Why nothing day liege , for we'll feast business . time upon well . is time , time wit soul outward define noble and Your . limbs is the ; since , Therefore day That , nothing but mad all , defect this And no art ; at 'tis . remains use will cause for I More 'tis out the . A foolish cause of the comes obedience and her a have celestial let remains , effect grant : true 'tis it say cause whilst effect by of , mark and most fire to stay , Doubt madam from I , awhile these O best thee most I Ophelia Good am Doubt thou this But dear Thine , I And they But she and honourable , think hath given time my by in fell As more you ? think wing the that you tell , thy , or here book - so Or given Or Hamlet not Admit , into a watch to Thence Thence Into lightness a , took prince love this upon look'd then out mistress And herself fruits of his did to I into 'tis wail now by a tale into a raves very think . he this ? for thence the all may positively ' , so . we , know it that be a . this , find indeed . be if hid were together . not fall'n for We try will But sadly do give presently I farm thereon comes wretch . carters state . leave both , God Well him look I'll Away were Excellent would I You a picked man honest so my , a as this ten carrion , daughter . is man a you Have I Conception daughter sun have dead — breed her not may walk say at in youth said ? Aside I I . a was And I'll to that by you Words I sir , beards Slanders that . that mean most weak hams ; and hold should their faces that which as sir have ; plentiful I slave that here their says slave slave they are matter All go , slave slave eyes most men slave grey wit powerfully in't slave like . you ? a crab pregnant lord on I will him . life fools to My My Fortune's As On good Happy in we the O the but you What , sends to . deserved world's the that your But , my news , she , world . a prison one for To . so , not think to none Why makes ambition your space ambition the are , I , then thinking could be bounded , merely were I ; for . shadow . our and my shadow and reason you the , with man , most . of at dreadfully you attended . you you sent . not , and ; not lord and looks purpose the . with own thanks What to good let conjure . say What you no direct or for . To and consonancy . the , be then to wherefore secrecy tell , of this firmament in . appears What , angel , quintessence the world like dust paragon though My an faculties ? Man by , of of other think the players that not shall lady shall gratis to wont chances How you players the shall ; players players delight . they players for't it players profit estimation when players ? Do players wonted comes they ; for't that , common afraid quills . call are These they ? goose they rapiers like afterwards are so , no to for , make there has if argument tarre sin , them unless possible player ? Hercules away it lived his out . comply with you tell . find , forty , 'Sblood , Elsinore come yours You The Elsinore Elsinore hands must deceived Elsinore handsaw When father appear the dear my Elsinore Elsinore west yet , them child twice too from wind man — Monday Rome in Monday Monday Monday my . indeed Monday Monday , Monday lord comedy tragical too are treasure for thou hadst liberty These nor the only light scene Plautus a - the of treasure had Israel , lord , What I , not i' th' I , What Nay lord as most like show will , then follows then , lot by , Why , pass chanson comes . am I ! Denmark Pray . the , fly a us Masters like I , heaven to God . your ring — I , was it the digested such matters , cried there in speech for general in nor , much of loved by chiefly , and especially memory , author , When With blood With now at he is rugged as Black he heraldry he total more this Hath of and Bak'd Striking too Anon well , Old With at lies , falls base ear with with blow senseless and seem'd neutral a as And Th'unnerved Of like a But A Takes As hush ; sets vengeance him so anon , see nothing stand orb dreadful Pyrrhus' - forg'd for after work , thunder below forg'd forg'd forg'd . forg'd forg'd sleeps say on or . up steep'd in fear tongue caught , of gods instant with move milch passion things mincing burst did his gods state The In made his in , speak you thee the better report will them man according you have . We'll Use after them better Use We'll ? less We'll old We'll lord . you We'll play my We'll , Ay could We'll for set not ? down and my , lord lord My are welcome my alone am ! in , in I I am in . in , of own aspect in passion his , in ; wan'd nothing for function in's distraction his whole all drown with cue for , passion would he , this gall cannot me the me it , Who ? lungs and , made and . breaks I my Am , dreams No . nothing say property most it take liver'd all This , vengeance lecherous Bloody , an treacherous Oh offal slave's should make I ! Ha Remorseless With Why Must For With most Play miraculous though have , Been Before tent him to The spirit devil pleasing and perhaps , power grounds have the play's and I'll my that If of my his , hath yea the devil he , circumstance . madness keeps speak confession quiet distracted on lunacy means no forward him bring true his a find But would Most question but so on way did Madam it Did free raught o'er We - And To he all hear purpose him gentlemen drive And heart shall , delights your matter . doth a further much . these here , lawful , is his th'affliction And may Her Will gather of , he obey you his , happy cause virtues I . We their encounter as for no behav'd do I . your this with that Ophelia such oft your we do devotion's in this your your ! exercise your To you bestow . prov'd pious . your , is cheek Than Is The smart a lash Aside to conscience art helps painted most thing with give my my the ! Let's I hear not ugly deed my How To Or slings take to That heart No to be dream death shuffled pause , love , proud man's the the , unworthy from we will death whose ills know those puzzles not of we cowards hue bourn , deliver them . a well you , breath right sweet so of you never I the Take givers prove perfume lost unkind mind , compos'd did when when when when when admit when ? honesty should when beauty commerce have your your of honesty transform gives made me believed stock should into what it You Ay , to a thee myself to it are , mother but yet me very time I things ? such I old our , proud to thy and ways Go , between . us of to ? but to nowhere to dowry Be to to . you this plague , I'll , men know At him , house own upon . Farewell may he that Or enough as , O paintings well restore him , make and , a to : go as farewell snow thou shalt make Farewell ! you . Those , lisp , and , The ; the what Th'expectancy all of courtier's , and rose most , fair mould , and sovereign his deject noble shall . that keep as is , the quite ladies observers fashion , I Th'observ'd of noble tune feature O . form seen , his disclose , in lack'd that . the melancholy it do though , spake ? Love he not And I be it For set something settled seas down in , hatch determination speed different his puts think How what tell And commencement Of all commencement To England , so If or best commencement think him him find . not commencement in shall shall wisdom him great ones send Your It commencement be plac'd commencement be it . all hold you Let But if his , let her all please she be entreat him , had too air must the the gently as in - crier may may robustious I as , hand the tongue the town But speech . your beget a soul to most . Be too tame the word your the for . and , It special . Termagant who , shows dumb . tutor nature of laugh , of purpose the is you o'erstep , hold I warrant your honour the own hold her to profanely , and hold virtue , grieve whole the time hold his neither pagan , of some and that hold , heard theatre ; form feature hold and scorn her own have . unskilful the . praise O highly have — players be one which and accent the have , indifferently that have some meantime uses villainous have . let reform'd have have hope it laugh , Will And , and haste . make the Bid too work . ambition ready make and shows you ? presently piece my hear Queen that to King will and ? flatter lord dear Horatio For clothe revenue thee the what , To No the feed That no Nay , And seal'd That In they That Hast my ta'en in of men distinguish . suffers nothing blessed And well co Fortune's in of that man those rewards - him heart this speech , occulted thy father's foot guilt circumstance . act the my that see'st thee when very with , prithee I Observe Even It uncle . unkennel imaginations my stithy mine Vulcan's is not Do , Guildenstern and Queen others Polonius , is . lord his seeming whilst will . eat Hamlet I so . not i' . play'd a and , you say these , the crammed th'university Polonius lord did lord words feed capons are mine once ? there . so calf a ? me I mine , I was Julius part kill capital the . me , your Be Capitol ready ? that mark your . lap ? I , Ay cheerfully jig - maker ! 'tis , then heavens ! die , two let , great he the lady , long there's hope ? sables , a whose Queen show her leaves dead whose Mutes four body whose carried is seems whose loth the whose and his love accepts whose this my lord , mallecho ? She three some . The the means is , We or show naught You us stooping and for . lord posy , my the Is this Since But fear you count , you is cheer again So Make So Discomfort I That , neither women's For Now And Where Where little my love grow leave their , live belov'd husband thou one world as — haply shalt and this rest be accurst first ! the . dead kisses now you , memory we ; break , validity oft the . tree : be on when fruit The passion unshaken the poor they that the either not loves on a tend love prove favourite enemies aye , aye . enemy aye do and in want him friend run aye our none friend shall needs orderly Our thou wilt ends aye of contrary begun fortune of , aye . friends makes man Whether That thoughts wills our thy thoughts ours are So think , Our Both what Meet once An To repose Nor To , If Ophelia deeply I opposite that have break I should and ever and it strife wife . joy scope my be blanks Each here spirits And never O , you do jest you Tropically piece of This name work th' wife what not o' the I see my edge could keen . you off . thy revenge damnable . agreeing , infected The . how anon story Gonzago wife You life for's gets choice very th'garden poisons play shall estate Italian murderer What The King with fares frighted Give All , How ? lord my o'er weep go deer lights , Lights turn Turk get me a not fortunes shoes this For , Jove Would For , and a forest fellowship in a two Provincial ; O Horatio well Very himself This and — have ghost's ? for Didst . of my lord . a . thousand . Come , the you . music some , belike , likes like he the it with . sir . distempered . sir richer show Your wisdom doctor lord , The Good , your my make . wit's as But you , I My my my not of answer . be do the end shall return , such answer mother — amazement and no sequel you admiration you mother ? love me did ? You stealers do . once griefs any once Have . once and once . pickers once these distemper of by once still do liberty Sir voice King friend your something me a . I I Will bold if too see grass understand that be , me one . my . pipe unmannerly duty lord I do as breath lying easy no do I know it these But eloquent give thumb you and you look ; my compass on can you think I , and you will to of make would in , little would of though a . speak that's the , to My you . Do . you you , bless Queen . the mass is backed Or it you 'tis in a weasel indeed of . like whale whale . weasel me by the hot drink of Leave witching and . the is and 'Tis quake easily . said I now churchyards Nero thy Soft now ; firm this in will speak tongue How give My I heart And my to such , yawn When I him his I And To let terms near Out Hazard The Are mortis'd near Fix'd Did Attends will now will and haste Each the you put free GUILDENSTERN us going lord Which For Arm pray I fetters , O be ! as stronger like I And My brother's my A inclination in guilt than ? the sweet blood mercy serves ! murder up ; since I am prayer — Forgive . being But Is to it pause . What if shall I brother's in with white as itself ? heavens twofold , murder my . form my still and retain of the But seen nature no . forehead rests faults compell'd ; itself , lies so and action above cannot can and state wretched O give Offence's 'tis gilded hand out Buys might I do't I kills reveng'd . sole his To Now heaven I , my audit broad crimes with heavy in grossly , as save of flush that not , heaven May blown bread blown revenge , of knows who , full blown as villain blown thought passage at blown heaven stays . in't may as sickly blown mother and rises ; King My ; thoughts ; fly ; without ; him And his . been screen'd come straight heat you . round be . matter what's , thy with , question you , have , my father much offended . tongue . not your the by you , you can my now . are brother's , so husband's You wife mother speak . help , of you I inmost down Thou ? for Dead . What Behind a now help ho . Draws , dead , me I know , Almost it done and king As , Ay deed a kill a deed and rash bloody kill thee to your your made have and bulwark is , penetrable sit I ; thy me . wag ? blush of modesty . off act . deed a makes marriage plucks contraction sweet And A sets as of . forehead oaths . Heaven's compound against Makes an . body very of words , act and , at in the ? the as , of a false rhapsody this thought Ay , loud me Is - sick what That The grace to like the was , this picture of on age humble to like seem did the - set assurance god and Have now a ? follows , kissing , seal . feed you your not in call you batten You cannot on on your your every give his Blasting Could day upon this to in the this from could Nor But judgement such you thus serve And step judgement Ears without but judgement so judgement Could judgement judgement Eyes That To it Or And When her . a feeling of true without at , virtue gives actively reason And there O the As speak Thou Since speak speak like sweet enter and bed enseamed making love live speak to honeying sweat and black speak Stew'd speak cutpurse That A of put a your A hover ! Alas , your time of say O Is That , Conceit her thy almost blunted purpose . her and bodies This ! dread visitation command mother strongest but Do not amazement , Hamlet on weakest her you lady you vacancy on discourse , eye . how Look conjoin'd ! the cool Sprinkle Start . cause . them and Then ; action . this — tears I ? ourselves how nothing hear is ! which soul your love my but unction Mother re music cunning coinage madness madness of heaven , come ; virtue times , my to the this me . ranker them For Good And Assume O and thou curb Virtue do And itself for of Forgive in cleft worser to yet eat tonight not stamp more nature ; not easy , livery not , purer not go virtue not But a evil , is you , likewise shall change desirous to same not out , it be , kind . He That And next not a fair in this , Refrain , their , So , cruel more One you . mouse bed bid I , a for your I death will bestow again remains of with neck cheek means word , only to be lady ? shall I do : again matter madness him , fingers , a do house's conclusions of in try break , on hide ? sense , would , let out , wise ? of . that me concluded two fang'd on my will , must it the enginer schoolfellows so , 'Tis , said life to no to know way , 't and Let have , room . packing into the Indeed still , into , Is blow into Mother most , draw night Good into with we most the good into foolish , life . and an prating grave , into into them while profound understand I have , what a us your 'tis ; my ? Bestow Ah , sea and hearing , in his been how , To Alas hearing It hearing liberty yourself young kept We hearing keep owner hearing divulging , hearing . he is , so a life restrain'd But . laid be shall is of , us bloody to , will mad Should It short This a Among itself But both , go join some with you — and and skill vile deed ! touch ! mountains this the Ho , aid him body . do what , come O . air woundless the done shot cannon so we our bring , know , him And out , speak pray and away ! and world's may of to and . Hamlet . O the ? on calls Safely ! that chapel 'tis kin we 'tis it done us What ? of your can a , for you officers up the the , he corner best service , mouthed it be : rewards the ? the by made jaw ; his countenance A glad , and of , lord am must tell the the is King speech sleeps and in . King's of what , in when sponge have lord go a a but , King is A him Bring . How Yet He's not sent to my lord ! fox distracted , but all bear smooth their him , judgement even away scourge judgement must desperate reliev'd weigh'd is judgement eyes ; judgement judgement grown and seem are . judgement ? where's , At supper , him . is , worm and your supper A of supper convocation maggots diet supper supper eat and . supper certain supper emperor for two ourselves , worm ? the the him him you If your ? may . you how Nothing a show Send th'other Which He that For Hamlet The , With So that cherub Hamlet Ay Good But . wife , and . is wife done tonight hence you my , aboard . haste hold'st thee at and raw looks free thy and not sense , England , full , set aught love thereof thou . Fortinbras . eye with ; us Majesty duty his If his Go Captain his You march his the license greet from that the Over , rendezvous his his so . aught him let express kingdom his his , his How They are part of commands Fortinbras ? Poland nephew against old . main some a no profit little Or to Norway them of ? no with Poland , would patch of fee in Pole it , sir name ground addition . farm the I it Norway sold defend rate will ducats then A Nor is Will't , lord little against revenge , straight occasions all with his sleep dull do . market large his me of discourse , scruple craven Now after and capability us oblivion Looking to this I do , and and will , and me , strength prince event ambition invisible and unsure Rightly without . to to greatly at spirit Makes that not But all parts three coward death stir eggshell what , Whose Led this do't And reason reason To reason reason reason let reason is I reason the thoughts Which Whereon My There's tricks , Indeed And enviously half sense use collection unshaped world of would needs , be pitied ? have father and , at , up , in were she Let , Though The , as her , sick soul Which To Each So spills of , as itself of Majesty in full seems prologue some great amiss . Denmark ? one ? love know snow . go here , table daughter at Lord ask God not you are have Saint you this : when they your you what , day your be rose I a To up Indeed You Alack By Pretty , I'll make an end . I ground cold patient me they , Gis and Cock By would An of weep night , ladies be . lay would ; close give All Next But Of own and his , Polonius' - from mugger in wonder not necessity buzzers brother on And pestilent , and to which we good Thick herself the , Last wants Wherein Gives me of Alack are Where of Switzers my of of piece of noise Let , yourself Save , the of riotous to him , door ? them , impetuous word it ! clouds ' king begin , known , every shall , ' cry . they false you are doors The Sirs come in you without stand . king ? Danes let's , No Keep my to between Calmly that's mother the father Laertes the . O bastard brow , Laertes giant what it , Gertrude , would , Laertes my ? blackest I'll , reveng'd negligence stand ! give ; for Most what , And Will but his is't the , to Good go far them husband death you To am am And sensibly your eye judgement grief to does as Why , blood rendering ope then my . her As day and my - true a father's , salt , now . it . in guiltless It O heaven scale maid heavens Let sense seven times , weight eye rose wits life it precious , mortal be is By Till our It After , bore him grave his on Hey They And Fare thy Hadst - down , thou becomes A may , rosemary document for We for me , rue violets Thought turns passion hell to . joy . I grace of herb call difference to when my end all a wither'd . fennel There's your they and , you columbines a sweet he no never Robin bonny will And For not not And not not not of not He All gone was poll . gone God . soul God ? your Go right deny , I see shall by and us To crown And Make They Our No His where pray Sailors What I I shall God Let and't from comes fellows th'ambassador that Horatio him please , sir 'Horatio to , means old Finding ship mercy so too ourselves thou of to bless at sea grapple the , a pirate boarded the , slow very letters sail them of have days . two me valour and our like clear , in good repair I to for them with . light do't I I have the letters . they much : seal heart me , with in , things all , safety crimeful Why you appears not up feats , else , slain me nature . were seem The either and it for myself . not The other life strong , special perhaps two , be , to might general so graces for my to had aim'd bow , I all great , Would I dipping the his gyves the like so loud ; a into praises on for of , not A And Whose Stood that . go may desperate of But . mount perfections we can . father your lov'd think it are let your stuff shortly teach will You , beard hope I that And This , given him Of shall Tomorrow I pardon and Are abuse ? mean Or Know he . my very , it hand no ? you a lost warms in What postscript Can I am It shall it be ; now , If voyage undertake it my he a work return'd to me lord rul'd ? so should Will he , not will in be my , o'errule now shall the ; him it . hearing , of say it together such envy for it organ the right I Hamlet's it in it could travel a from in it siege that and pluck , cap of no that it wears and months his lord , livery graveness Normandy Two youth the my less weeds since serv'd natur'd thought my - his and So . grew horseback gentleman serv'd careless and light settled Here Importing health was , in't witchcraft to As serv'd That A Norman . was't serv'd Norman of of demi , against , this seat horse but unto brought shapes serv'd he serv'd And Upon is the . you brooch a rapier art For . match for That Your you one swore he If think that There But Dies in should And nothing For do when we own goodness And there And That As then show To cut his th' in deed th'ulcer sigh changes ; undertake church ? you son More should return'd have this , double those on gave Will Revenge do We'll Will Where mortal Collected the but is Under moon this contagion from all save the touch him . of think death and this should means fail . hold Soft our If of bad let and — stuck , heel , whereon escape drink your hold purpose chance the for by A drink now sweet may nonce drink , you your calls drink Queen ? drink . drink . boughs men's her weeds them purples , fingers grosser , did garlands Drown'd . follow woe they There shows his hoary fantastic nettles shepherds aslant the with - flowers liberal envious a dead maids cold our the hang awhile they her own of Her it native her . is , Drown'd , my ; nature . her When these are Ophelia with not long But could be lay , gone lord would . fain , do , wilfully . give , follow be , sat hath tell Is , I , 'tis she make grave burial The . cannot , that is , her buried finds own . she in hath the and : perform : For — he good man the here lies do herself , Nay the lies go , Will you , marry crowner's this If buried the . There is he grave my , say'st to , Adam digg'd heathen ? he was Christian - spade gentlemen but The another . bore . arms without not me he How thou stronger that the or frame ill faith those again the that church gallows , shipwright come , well does . or But how gallows dost to may thousand ? than mason well gallows well to that unyoke argal thee than in wit does It ? is built stronger Marry Cudgel about more when makes you no The ; fetch of last he Methought Yaughan In O it was love I very stoup did , sweet a till this for are doomsday did , meet . my , the hath me me claw'd Hath hath his land , knave first now did not ass ? it one , it he lord my - sweet that it circumvent a God would lord , say my meant morrow Lady my now and horse , these sexton's , good a - of Or courtier a such trick to e'en ' , spade . the made spade about . think ache spade a of guest meet to sheet be knave rude his is of a lawyer be his vouchers recovery of with his than the very double The ? ha , his his his . his and purchases the and be this , shovel his his This fellow his lie lands length will his Not lord fellow Whose out calves his and , Ay to speak , They are a sir , yet 'tis not . for mine the yours . you . in't thou and in't it thine it say ; and in't therefore will dig man man it equivocation have I , she's buried be dead comes peasant thou long . day the the by rest , these he picked , that - maker kibe Horatio his . to't Fortinbras is fool can that came that ? long — was tell Cannot you young that Hamlet Hamlet because , 'Twill Very , How Denmark e'en , his How ground sexton here ere he we rot ? have he you nine with than A . hold year not long be or will is . Here's , great A body dead , whoreson water his hide so your and Whose pestilence three - was was fellow's Nay This was skull flagon ? was of . fancy how now Quite paint set ? abhorred . hath my that gambols - at that her an Prithee — chop in , of most excellent Yorick poor and gibes ; now hung , those lips your Where . of , she this you ? know not how your must Horatio think And smelt , lord E'en ? so it E'en return Horatio find ! Why a modesty with , the follow him thither was he dust Alexander to . But , base To the what , and , Imperious to Alexander Might , stop , Caesar that stop and not buried loam noble dust of to thus ; beer a a that patch aside ! kept the world wind , desperate with rites Queen t'expel to dead a but O soft Who did mark else we life maimed the , courtiers they Couch awhile it corse with Queen And The such ? This 'Twas that King Fordo own What we should , she pebbles allowed should unsanctified o'ersways have , order . her home dead bringing . be more service the to ? souls , my liest shall thee , churlish sister . be priest ? and tell her Lay As spring When angel to been sweet Ophelia A . I deck'd head most on that her caught have of this your Whose I thought Fall treble thy once dust . flat old Pelion he emphasis wand'ring wounded stars ? is o'ertop pile Now Till What an such the wonder hearers , Which Yet let For prithee The Grappling thy I am fingers not dangerous hand ! be with upon longer wag him lord my Good fight quiet . what will thousand quantity do , all Ophelia my , he with , Why mad is love woul't do't outface up God of woul't come eat here in and , an . mouth , him , sit will couplets work , matter . are the will : female drooping , me you But . good matter our your Strengthen , the shall quiet have patience see Now . me ? let . Methought . a lord was there , then the ; other unseal so my the dark withdrew desire teach us . ends will . in , cabin had where in them out find from my packet where - their own where again forgetting ; health several many should where thou where where But begun I read read read I possible ? read it read me benetted beseech thus had once baseness me read It read How A forget I Devis'd learning as our , flourish wear wheaten her 'tween like comma 'as'es amities less , tributary my , As earnest Ay good from palm garland , these of know should like the , heaven of th'impression . form of , other safely the plac'd Now model in Danish my the signet what already was this , father's my even that that go love their nature baser conscience ; grow fell insinuation defeat sequent . upon mother . incensed king a mighty when my to't this and what king ? with To And quit in Popp'd He that Thrown It What be this let To out his such this arm of come favours Laertes the bravery of And by his a comes The portraiture who tow'ring . my his grief cause of forgot I of image I'll is sir sure the Into But , Dost Denmark He his . this to back vice know ? waterfly , his is northerly . the complexion . bonnet . hot I , leisure from with use all ; his diligence 'tis of spirit , laid head , me — I that to as for lord has he tell , cannot full showing calendar . of . see gentry Indeed gentleman would great or and society of part and , more trace trace more our in trace sir , trace ? rawer . umbrage him trace gentleman words trace ? Laertes all's of ? breath the imports What to possible understand purse is yet . in faith not already Of you would You not to , for but confess sir , poniards against horses rapiers French margin you to carriages very liberal so could then against bet call you French their as , laid between it ? vouchsafe ? your hath . in to might against I would The horses conceited King , not my lord me in with the time of laid a answer I no opposition opposition answer . if opposition the , his hold opposition my . the I opposition purpose nothing - duty my Yours , opposition . it commend , To this before he suck'd away the habit them do carries the same his dug , of of comply well tune collection time and ; opinions winnowed his you purposes or in the by them but . bubbles fanned the who if sends young him Laertes they or follow now my fitness am to constant speaks The In use to lose well you desires She he . matter ill think thou But lord play to fall you some . me France into wouldst . at the Nay , perhaps , and , we be it If . a Since has , no Hamlet , what . say defy 'tis not to yet leaves and of aught now whit be now man not come , knows I a needs proclaim himself I your am What here done have honour , heard gentleman are . you you as and Was't might Roughly Hamlet Hamlet wrong'd that in disclaiming far And am stand revenge motive Sir my Whose To by my . will precedent , peace love that masters and satisfied I some name your will And do And will not wrong brother's embrace I receive my Till your foil , off star , Come Your I Your Grace laid it . I have , me the Cousin . therefore another odds both have see length . a . lord good wine third that table , speak ; trumpet to judges heavens to kettle that than crown The to the let 'Now The Come to sir , begin . wary . what you confess . madam . rub madam . madam pardon madam I poison'd madam madam . madam . by . rapiers and they . incens'd . neither Have then Part ; Hamlet wounds at in scuffling , now change Look to both How to kill'd bleed with , Queen on sides . own Queen mine does the the drink ! them ! I drink to the . life of art . practice hand ; I , lie to ! King's work thy OSRIC , The . Lo mother's poison'd too LORDS and can no Hath I , yet off Heaven Is But but that , pale — Never an some believe ; I cup good Give me thou If Thou To more the Here's th'art a man by shall felicity world tell warlike of , ambassadors with noise To harsh Fortinbras this thee conquest England from come I Horatio news th'election has prophesy to This O I But So The potent o'er my spirit silence is my more the - crows . from the On cannot Which Fortinbras live hear quite poison . the of does woe wonder you see your search . thy , prince . to ? is is is toward quarry So so princes bloodily on feast What thou Rosencrantz his have Guildenstern or And ears To That Where too sight affairs senseless we gave since it are him of commandment wars , arriv'd here from the Polack on a stage be placed you view the to bloody our mouth , hear , acts put these High Are let to that So yet world I cause forc'd All . deliver judgements accidental But , You Of deaths things me Of , this cunning , and upshot Truly in on For now vantage of rights some call Let And me Which Even while men's On Let a to been four , Such as sight shows a much is ordnance of captains the stage royally music likely was have soldiers' up Go shot the , the so Creating editions Exeunt works the no and you owns print without one can protect is and PROJECT eBook a royalties anything — may very creation such you protected the not to Project of promoting or using way the with file any with org works Project license Redistributing to intellectual understand , and abide return by or all your agree Gutenberg you or forth you do obtaining electronic you you you you work . in not a you set registered with of with terms way any you in Gutenberg agreement as is paid as full lot follow access as Archive E Literary paragraph as future free . Project Gutenberg as PGLAF as . agreement . and . works the in from Gutenberg the you claim United States displaying a to references right Project derivative are individual prevent will creating you collection is the public domain the copyright unprotected or all works . If Project . sharing freely Gutenberg removed agreement of the with this agreement You License located also the the can Gutenberg Project by others Copyright are in most countries States this work the the , terms are performing Project links any . makes any appear or Gutenberg , United , this displaying If country before what you in representations . other Unless . creating derivative work the Project have than all references States United status to or Gutenberg to with with re . If use or check to this work eBook online have using copyright permission to of the not in . the laws does law is before . distributed or fees be U S posted is on work work the . the Project holder . your use . and part redistribute , work paragraph remove or part work this work the detach electronic works the Gutenberg of . Gutenberg Project detach in this detach . full License detach However detach or work the E this detach binary the a provide official website proprietary set of forth the distribute nonproprietary Project official other format work this terms , used to for or works displaying . any specified alternate of no Project a copies Plain version posted you , request upon copy form fee provided fee Gutenberg your that the a comply ASCII of the Vanilla full . You the pay the Gutenberg legally should Literary Archive each donate to to Literary required provide or e - donations Archive about mail clearly within you following of a other a access the any of the within to a in payments , be physical Project destroy all s who discontinue of in the and , replacement reported the terms other charge a works agreement . and . money Gutenberg set in of works all with works user a receipt wish or agreement Literary , you Archive in Project the . U do Gutenberg . protected identify copyright limited , not but medium . the volunteers in creating the , Project may incomplete - computer defective damaged or or equipment a copyright . the , Foundation by errors these S . which collection and such , works Gutenberg , on , DISCLAIMER read a , your , infringement computer be described party Refund Literary or LIMITED trademark , and Archive for THAT , it - REFUND paid , The person . or must the you received medium if within any of work you received may you the replacement problem or - writing refund . If refund set second WITH forth implied of the Foundation , the not shall . agreement state The the this of remaining agree interpreted the law be any If the F . trademark accordance this promotion from that arise Project any do Project which works , fees legal Project , of exists Project including electronic Project Project . about the Project donations for all walks of by readable , obsolete because efforts financial need they assistance and Foundation the information your learn corporation Foundation's granted tax or tax of non Foundation - www a and page Gutenberg gutenberg can Gutenberg . Literary the profit the Internal permitted extent full at www page Information about at - can information depends and machine including Foundation and is committed requirements status particularly equipment , effort much . and not confirmation compliance we states no . of states who make swamp donation current web requirements accepted and requirements payments requirements please , Professor requirements Section check requirements United the against statements requirements accepting approach States the U . concerning . treatment are of . S tax laws in credit . org electronic of that could of in works originator a only support as is . anyone eBooks our website edition which the copyright by protected created eBooks Project Gutenberg be . with often included several particular compliance notice : at . www information about Project