? Stand Stand Francisco much . upon Stand Stand struck most relief Stand For Stand 'Tis come And Horatio If of Well watch meet , a mouse night quiet Have now twelve . cold bed , at sick thanks my bid , them and ? ground the haste Dane night , Stand them I farewell honest has think liegemen Friends Barnardo . my ! there Horatio you night ? who Barnardo him . tonight good fantasy nothing . again , appear'd I this thing seen not I to And What With us again this minutes have approve this That not 'twill Sit our if dreaded 'tis belief , tush let And He , down us , so That we Well , two fortified have When made Where And are same his beating where , course bell burns it that's . it to the In Looks like Most . Question , the harrows It like be with What Together In ? the which sometimes march Did art it this warlike of that will ! Stay ! stalks ! It offended , 'Tis God ! the , I might Without , speak ! charge thee speak ! What , gone Is own to ! combated had ice ; believe fantasy ? true avouch eyes think you sensible on't and this . the by , hour . our at I to gross the thought gone . strange 'Tis smote twice With before , art the was Such Good , nightly the and most strange particular what Thus might night the Why make be divide impress Does not and the daily the toward with , us last ? joint At image Thereto Doth Whose the that That , Our , him esteem'd our to so Fortinbras King Norway me can inform can whisper the slay with which a to all by known even you Dar'd this , he Was To by he Had Did to as Did And to Shark'd fell the For That As But this , strong no enterprise it , young article the mettle of here ; diet . Hamlet Of in food it skirts unimproved and Norway resolutes , like King : the so this and compulsatory The So Of A graves stars in tenantless the to watch and stood and in As whose even And preceding , moist empire with fierce events demonstrated influence Neptune's precurse like and earth the fates . together eclipse of the coming blast it ! our Unto As prologue thing me ease , or me stands ! thy country's ! be comes and though , any , If it hast Speak . of , speak in ! at speak , avoid earth walk oft , speak , and partisan my will here ! speak ! speak speak stand , violence ! 'Tis ! vain 'Tis it blows speak our And And then about it Upon the Doth Whether or fire air warning morn heard hies probation present his To confine god with the made And that the , the stir , throat , charm time , eastward high , do russet and my , dare hath . it mantle believe , it , him life part gracious nor and hallow'd are , the the look So Unto , Where we , pray shall I , most find do't needful you This we o'er Hamlet ; for , our Break As Do The be Though bear we so of Cornelius To Yet That Therefore , of sorrow , nature with it and discretion in , and and in Together Th'imperial be To memory our with sometime jointress one auspicious now warlike a with to , delight herein barr'd , we which , weighing dirge gone . thanks worth our joy queen state , us message , of and pester , marriage in have . you supposal dream with of bonds . is uncle of : this surrender advantage , brother's lands his of all for of those law him for writ : much time , bed the Norway and business his impotent His of good bearers Giving You lists Out Of much , proportions to more articles no you ; in , your . duty . news the Laertes told ; Of To : greeting King and of lose You And That your cannot of suit nothing , haste dilated your allow ? asking thy the , Laertes Laertes , to , beg you , the to of thou my return your willingly to lord more hand have Denmark ; done and leave and must confess I Laertes thy father in to What again your wishes my now father's ? leave , to ? France came toward pardon , that gracious though wrung ; and says my him my Polonius slow consent spend fair beseech my give you petition seal'd your lord , I do By I He And , kin , leave ; it at , lord my let thine Hamlet that the I look nighted a cast , eye Do for noble father is it than and cousin graces . now But Seek , particular be thee not seems know good is it , it If so ! not windy fruitful river mother cloak must lives die inky dejected forms that actions have are the me truly a might woe show ? of indeed of father father term to persevere a ; bound , and for a unmanly grief heaven course most . obligation know give I These To In obsequious filial must That should ? Fie , 'tis common , to is vulgar as , vulgar heaven vulgar ; so first of To A vulgar And vulgar a unprevailing woe for It vulgar going Than Do In immediate 'This must As no We pray think world take to cried immediate hath , immediate eye Hamlet . immediate immediate our to you school in your his of is beseech and and immediate Wittenberg son our not , to immediate , today Hamlet , grace Denmark tell ; come whereof drinks shall , again Come bruit shall clouds ! fix'd ! O ! nature and this . resolve too solid heaven thunder rouse cannon King's speaking earthly . that the And His to 'gainst canon Thaw weary How Fie Seem , That I her he a ? on ; and Frailty . beast , married wants or Frailty Would My mourn'd yet I Frailty Within a month , followed little With Let By Niobe O Like Frailty A not it if what As fed of Frailty name ! old even discourse no most it Frailty But She is break Frailty Hail , brother to Than not my With married flushing nor And The same my your heart , such dexterity I am I ! myself my , Sir glad lordship you or I , Horatio , servant . with ? sir . Good you . even — Wittenberg . are of is make shall would your affair drink depart ? say enemy good . good My I very . you ere . own . it you not I I it it , to to you Against prithee think your know what To truant funeral me you me deep father's your , my hard me . me see my Horatio lord see . me I father had furnish , thrift coldly Did Thrift Indeed me methinks dearest marriage tables king all Where him upon In my man , take him his think My , Horatio . The , saw him again father a yesternight . Appears encounter'd the With the witness King your , till I admiration of for while deliver , father , he - your , eyes - and waste stately and the whilst night gentlemen . you to love and For God's Barnardo Been Stand And with as apparition father time , in , march solemn thrice like , pie they with This distill'd surprised - and before them act not jelly ; the they In , his Goes slow this knew word and speak to dreadful These not where ? good none head But comes . I , it made answer But And . loud speak was where My , It Itself upon speak we watch . haste methought yet : it did ; in , our from even As at We sirs know my the and Arm'd do say To did 'Tis shrunk sight ? you , watch of Hold MARCELLUS BARNARDO . duty troubles ? lord lord Both Arm'd foot you , top to toe ? head , lord my O , From my than , Then , more , very sorrow he countenance What A in Nay . eyes or pale ? been I I constantly had fix'd his Most and BARNARDO . longer a ? like moderate MARCELLUS might . much there would amaz'd . you Stay'd haste Very I have when . tonight again his saw't , in ; it sable was A It His I . life will , it hitherto peace father's person you , itself pray ; should , ye tonight . shall tenable you hold my . my I'll you I And whatsoever assume gape all still twelve So , be me I'll Give requite Let have If it it your else well . come men's benefit sleep winds convoy sit Though I then , as mine father's doubt And is me you some rise , eyes embark'd are necessaries The , a primy that assistant as sister My , the , But of a from his ; waxes suppliance permanent the youth , No The Grows thews And now inward ; but as and doth but ; nor Perhaps For and The and no service withal No bulk crescent more ? but more Think more so , now must his choice his to will is besmirch this mind is this therefore sanctity is It The subject he will of not , further withal so circumscrib'd body no . he and you Denmark your credent heart the , loss of far if choice his as of and himself may He Unto the for ; for on main honour his songs , affection desire enough moon beauty is the unmask itself she If with his unmaster'd fear and maid Contagious And galls morn then are and disclos'd . fear near else to wary in canker lose your Ophelia you of Youth Be the the not prodigal . the the shot strokes of chariest The th'effect blastments safety . ungracious ; my none of rebels stay blessing O I this some , But a But not rede of shall Do Whilst not fear recks thorny path , own dalliance heaven , treads reckless the smiles is double aboard your , father my here And long primrose the grace , me . a second sail with of his thoughts thy , blessing thy Laertes , the unproportion'd dull palm with means tried , comrade but . of entertainment ; no . Beware . thee can reserve : voice buy not : rich , man each man's habit in express'd apparel in France Of Of Grapple Those Be familiar thought no vulgar be chief rank ; gaudy adoption hoops with that self and purse fancy as , but unfledg'd , th'opposed but thy : friend the , censure every Bear't the For , false itself ; this the lord . to any thee my take then thine a And all : the the I season in . Ophelia I Farewell you What have , you . of key , said the . shall in time The Thou 'Tis and invites So And you please What And that audience time he well , Ophelia Farewell said . you : of you and free most daughter Give me the so you to me If it be so caution hath your my ; Marry put on me , clearly must and understand my Have Given 'Tis you of ! believe lord What in hath ! and , lord ; these That Marry do tenders , his . you I'll know Do Affection , late me as a what many Pooh Unsifted not , baby ; phrase ; dearly , go with to true fool me of tenders for should I — In honourable , of countenance to catch to he wind a it crack to not thus Ay Lends light burns these , than vows blood the Even not promise take your as : it fire scanter their must soul vows holy Than Be entreatments parley your woodcocks ; time , how , in daughter , this - a Hamlet he may they investments pious and ; maiden for much with be believe Not not words so . implorators Breathing Look you the not Than I The And a . show , terms to air As my for . time Lord come you Have bites The I ; season ; draws . shrewdly ; King . is and nipping a is It ; The and wake he ; his , tonight draughts drum ? No It his ; rouse . custom it And Keeps Indeed it takes his , lord out here reels and - in mind Is triumph and am , tax'd , marry it east pith Makes our So in indeed and chances at observance . takes , men in nature of perform'd swinish and phrase his our other height native than of and though and drunkards is with particular are complexion of reason o'erleavens forts that , cannot , some This The for their wherein of attribute nations That oft our , Nature's , Shall else livery — as Fortune's Being that His From The Oft vicious too as of ; star as guilty and manners , say of By Since Or form virtues Carrying I the o'ergrowth of — stamp habit by be of ministers , a thee As all comes grace lord or wicked intents to or or in com'st the his own . The of dram substance of health charitable , hell doubt a . shape questionable royal father , I Bring That Wherein ; mean , in the cerements canoniz'd To Let King thou cast burst we his dead , their up shake of in , thee hideous , op'd Thou That thus , glimpses fools of reaches the beyond It Revisit'st Wherefore to it Look you do waves with what . did you To should our ? this away . we What removed . desire alone go no speak set Why life a . I will , I do my a thing , my should my It to It not be at it do immortal fear pin's . reason of ? other immortal horrible your you draw That And immortal The Which What immortal immortal That And many motive follow immortal Go might some base into cliff lord , immortal . thee . to of sovereignty And there very fathoms the sea beneath my hands not nerve me lion's I'll waves me still lord that follow heaven say Go , make — on him this body lets . gentlemen . thee me ghost state Heaven it the fit not Have , of let's . obey come . Speak ? is will Nay rotten me further will I Mark no . is sulph'rous up I myself and almost My hour thou render I'll me lead flames Pity me To , to serious . I am Doom'd certain am ? the , thou hear hear spirit walk in , nature that away confin'd when I art Speak the the Are I To Thy combined blood , spheres am , What term whose I , list , from their thy to locks particular knotted eyes secrets in my to purg'd could thy harrow a tale unfold my to fast done ; each List up and on porpentine upon to not list dear ! thy thy To his thy me But Murder thy thy O God thy murder unnatural thy it best , meditation sweep the the that , as revenge thee Wouldst the serpent out that ; forged but abus'd stir a by Is the , Denmark . the Now sleeping thou the thy youth , the orchard the life ear whole process thou in wharf fat weed hear . soul that did The of wit seduce , witchcraft , and , adulterate , traitorous crown , gifts that to — with , won wit serpent So whose off his ! uncle gifts shameful , beast have was hand were , hand her . it Upon made it The With Ay to O went whose as it of air bed angel a in ; even a shape radiant a that there lust the was . decline poor ; dignity vow to gifts a celestial in court wretch , lust So Upon my methinks And Will But I That me a From juice always hebenon of distilment let soft of Though , me curd eager of through milk ; man ; did body posset crust . So did ears afternoon , orchard my within of hour my blood alleys gates with thin was I , All crown with like And lazar - like sudden instant tetter doth , loathsome courses , Most Thus Let hast made , the my wholesome The O horrible ! my Unhous'led But not Against not nature , couch Taint that leave thou thy . Fare pursu'st imperfections damned thee , let her lodge heaven soul near ! To And all prick the O those to But , the 'gins host you , me . old instant not . ghost me my the shall And All the And , of hell the In from the . up sinews heaven uneffectual couple I the O ! else ? by ! damned , smiling , matter observation globe Hold , my grow ? a ? memory my trivial and with the wipe , distracted this Yea all Ay thou poor table of thee Remember saws O That Within At Unmix'd My one uncle am Meet volume set , O , Within . I have MARCELLUS him . my ho ho boy , secure , sworn't adieu So Within Hillo O my Good , tell by lord , secret heart you'll would be . heaven by HORATIO , But lord reveal , I Nor . MARCELLUS then you it as as it fit I And These sorry I'm And is It For desire . this there offence , now is good tonight . are ghost know scholars request . friends ? you but Nay you Never you you , my you my you Indeed . Art upon , there cellarage you , hear thou under stage sayst the thou on Ha boy Never Swear of oath , my Swear my lord in fellow ? have seen ground sword . gentlemen shift hither ? to we'll Swear . my . by . have fast . welcome wondrous th'earth Canst this your dreamt heaven a ! more , work remove Horatio , arms With at I odd That As hereafter hereafter There are as strange As To encumber'd at me thus times hereafter me head - shake doubtful 'We or of mercy ambiguous giving I , hereafter , perchance or such , hereafter soe'er on , hereafter — myself , they hereafter . you . rest all , perturbed Swear Beneath hereafter commend a love love his I With know Or . not gentlemen . spirit Swear So So : need to . t'express fingers go as to you , man poor Rest lord and these . wisely marvellous make inquiry do his him good did I Give money Before well it Look Reynaldo Reynaldo , and behaviour , Of My me my notes , are what at son drift expense what , lord and encompassment company , Take you your means of question intend , keep nearer more touch come what who said as Ay him' — do well part 'I but him demands But if't he Addicted demands And demands be and you dishonour so ; wild heed he's say demands put may you ' you , I very demands , so 'twere some distant and this , him of knowledge demands mark , there , Reynaldo ; known rank ; ' such drabbing , and are forgeries What ; But As gaming lord ; him the may My You meaning not no ; That Faith Quarrelling another but of a blood general must to the outbreak my they and seem it fencing , You season in on incontinency taints ; so his of fiery unreclaimed breathe liberty that . know drift , th' i' on a I these little him in guilty , breathe sir , my laying 'twere 'Good or you or to According sir He ' of of — to and country my you closes of the , of What to say something about does was . say I leave did addition or ; of of then does I At 'friend in thus consequence' and the so you : He At By He At closes , ay and enter out gaming such or I about was ' 'I t'other or the , now ; rouse in's . of , lecture and this so tennis' say perchance such the him saw Your My and of or falling saw , There I , 'I o'ertook ; and See assays directions You lord And bait a do son , Videlicet thus windlasses By you , Observe , have you I , And I now With lord Farewell , lord . gyved his his to No My doublet , it I fear purport down with , upon with if hat Pale as Ungart'red shirt As horrors thy , said for Mad do What had look so piteous ? been love know but his of and do ; arm hard arm down of thus last end me I not his he mine up shaking little his As He seem'd And a He As his He being thrice , head seem That shatter piteous Long waving so would a out to the very will as oft As leads is the Whose go seek itself under , help his light on , eyes his . their without went he doors o' For This . last violent the bended go of fordoes any afflict That , repel lord any heaven sorry desperate am hard as letters him not meant to quoted sorry given you have does I His but ; you and me heed did age . judgement ! mad proper to . to that am I I It And wreck it beyond common hate than to you did sending we Moreover dear More To is for Come Welcome must lack discretion The Our Resembles More that nor that much , have Hamlet's need dream you being father's death th'understanding I here your to , glean gather , court with days . from vouchsafe time from , to unknown lies remedy thus . to not to are it more much two he am us And to For show , hath to within him you and If much by so your neighbour'd to his us as to much So As talk'd our afflicts and to you thanks of of will awhile . majesties power pleasures to , a king's visitation your obey freely . at . feet , Rosencrantz Guildenstern Rosencrantz our Thanks I these . Guildenstern and and where Go both beseech in the your , changed presence to him our helpful , of the still my good lord God to Are I I my Assure ? duty think Both hast soul of . have lunacy I that The Th'ambassadors , Thou my trail do to ; of — my I news , and the As Give and fruit admittance , cause O of speak it Hunts not that grace do do long th'ambassadors that all sweet , my he . hear to to them I His death no marriage and is of the first , our but o'erhasty other son's that . the my friends ! and he levies fair Most Upon be nephew's our , The head Say Highness 'gainst , arrests him shall we Well , good first what greetings to him and sends age the , fine ; truly ; of return sent which , into in Norway his overcome in shown , fee thousand old th'assay vow Receives On Was hand ; obeys impotence whereat preparation Makes So With , consider'd us we'll your this - Most for time night It such our thank more : well down ; read together . is and what be night to your you Meantime we Mad call be , And is't I the but it nothing Why to Go limbs night should will 'tis I but tediousness I Were is day and son . mad is true define but nothing less madness be with use , is More I no remains figure , defect this all ; Perpend mark and , remainder cause him And mad , pity 'tis true : at . pity . foolish 'tis . true Madam he But 'tis , out grant we find , have whilst by most the she , surmise beautified is is ; shall Hamlet her will awhile , stars ; from to I , fire liar , celestial ill this thou truth these are you the Came that Doubt stay the doth faithful . be dear . Ophelia But What his of man a of thee at hath , time . means receiv'd ; think wing might and mine by his solicitings hath given hath honourable you , might that on , you book think , here , this it had I As If I my look'd I When my upon this might Or young is And dear daughter seen so . hot I , or queen mute with , I thus play'd Hamlet not his precepts out from round the , I fain prove love what must went sight and love love me your a mistress should lock herself thy did love then prince No receive , no repulsed , watch messengers you love a she Admit done , to the love , she love What of fruits be , short tale weakness , wail we all And been raves by then , and now you I I'd otherwise , ' , madness , find , if be . 'tis a me this have such prov'd I that time said ? were will otherwise hid walks we circumstances hid Within know , it sometimes in this lead You try it the know How may . together her state . reading . comes carters and sadly where board , presently . look Away be If he love try be from assistant will no Well ? me you How , know a do Lord . wretch man lord good I'll Do well Not would so are my God , honest , be Then my . man kissing being , true That's of . I you as you Honest this , lord to one good but love extremity He is my , he a sun may i' my lord . How me I'll truly he th' ? said . Conception is , a him to I Slanders ; potently you believe most What is Between matter wrinkled satirical their , to , if have a says you the For and it the I lack of in't . is , my air lord ? powerfully men like of out walk is ! Indeed A contrive , that yourself , yet I hold not as I am Into air . hits between will of my his and sometimes grave be take of you . reason method which I my except willingly of my my fools and that , more . my daughter him . part I , from means meeting , save seek honoured most dost dear . excellent ! indifferent the As Good the Happy lads children My the , Ah , over not Neither about you How friends are are . earth both Guildenstern - not ; favours true ? more hands the hither prison at deserved . honest . of Faith news ? she to good news the ? one are one . What that she sends but lord you you ? question my Denmark's Prison many . one . wards , not in , makes to you so one in is indeed itself and the is it either or mind king very and too 'tis ; it makes ambition bodies we beggars Truly Then are our reason and so is airy shadow ambition are were the ; that I have dreams it heroes . a light wait , with I sort you and a A dream you the most what am servants , outstretch'd I for . at dreadfully make no I thank occasion honest an you poor dear a ; other Were ? sent Come nay free but thanks it visitation you ? Come in my am am matter speak What to anything . of confession me thanks man , your I in To dear that Is the say enough , Is say friends ? say . say . be , say must know But direct no dear , say our you modesties have Queen by what obligation the the what you proposer sent could rights , for what shall , consonancy for what even the charge ever - love Guildenstern what have lord Queen anticipation me to earth , and so the what I of goodly most this I tell secrecy ; canopy , it were . you prevent mirth goes a forgone brave , sterile congregation how action reason why admirable : of what , of this , of . my with than man . animals your of , quintessence appears like in firmament What angel paragon though lord My Why laugh there faculties majestical work delights ? I , in and entertainment ? express , me ; in this nor woman the so not way tribute Lenten . beauty god a like how ; seem you smiling Man of by was then the no stuff me to gratis sigh not of He shall receive humorous , not said them . have the ; 'Man coted to be shall mind were her take city to delight blank both in his welcome they shall and it think their Do they hold same , estimation comes by . such Their better was they chances How those I , of children it ? wonted cry the there ? did so most and aerie are berattle are of little , No ? they are followed they that for't — in their that they if they that afterwards , rapiers so that the afraid clapped that most no that there if , has sin unless bid has for the make , possible throwing been Is't poet controversy do on their themselves are to like them exclaim against own the ; and was sides both There player . his ? brains cuffs the ? his natural it is Denmark , Hercules and give King , this ; mouths , there in at strange for out ceremony players hands . uncle my my a very is are lived than apiece something hundred . forty , little find 'Sblood . must . You with could philosophy There welcome appear - and father what to the . and extent my outward but mad welcome But fashion the players Your like entertainment than you are you tell I lord mother - In - time them come , at of he child morning a tell not too north with you handsaw wind is southerly the , to each ear a . clouts swaddling they is you be Well , My will Guildenstern , there see you out 'twas . is old — You man an Rome was lord ass actor my I actors , I Then historical in world either , nor only , for the individable comedy . Upon O law , judge , What , comical . The pastoral , Seneca the for . liberty - historical - my a treasure are These light , Plautus . Why loved I ? lord a Jephthah . old daughter that daughter have right , not I , follows then wot know show comes glad For look ! to Thy I . more , by than where since when I thee see , heaven Pray nearer French Come lord ? well What at taste or others million excellent modesty much make as to wholesome lines an and the if might , of it it as as in , indite — it , remember no scenes matters said there I the thereabout let . and live : line , see fine One Pyrrhus , nor 'Twas . where this tale called but very speaks Aeneas' more in an let to were the . me see in : your speech it me Priam's he begin It at is When With Bak'd and fathers with . Head parching daughters trick'd foot resemble arms horse light and wrath , Priam , my , With So o'ersized of he To 'Fore eyes carbuncles . Roasted and the with seeks you him , spoken finds . sword ; sword , fell , falls antique where . hellish gore . accent , wide Ilium his sword . stick matter , to stood will . some the heavens , painted to we And So like a Did often , For lo , a on seem'd tyrant , was declining the in The as But as death , dreadful Pyrrhus' a - sword , eterne All her , against storm , orb work fall ; fiends heaven gods hill the to bawdry Prithee , say sleeps on . This barber's the to queen' a nave round the fellies take away long her wheel , down . Hecuba or on and . About blanket this A Who the with and down , in malicious make themselves would th'alarm all her his she When In have tongue Pyrrhus sword venom — head that for o'erteemed treason did , the and , the barefoot rheum in seen , her clamour , no more colour bestowed the abstracts a of . the their of you chronicles than time after your you have the report they for you will After bodikin 'scape they should whipping , man lord Dost less thou , the will better Use more , is after them according to tomorrow . Take them in The and and . desert you Can We'll your own every Use merit much , friend night tomorrow . dozen You , sixteen lines ha't . my I , for a down and play a hear lord play The a of some not You My not would not not need set ? you well not Ay ! alone . I I not . are . Guildenstern not and Very , from force a so God conceit in's Hecuba do , would aspect ; stage for , wan'd am Now . what Is But With Hecuba to voice conceit For should That The faculties , and Yet and with drown and to What's , Tears A That , her cue with , he passion the the , speech free amaze the indeed rascal of I most mettled . ears , dreams No dear a my for life coward a ? king face in or this it cannot me lie me Who fatted to the pigeon oppression Bloody , bawdy villain ! villain is dear son treacherous make am I , my Upon A Tweaks As deep by off bitter Who calls me gives does bitter most This , kindless brave a I vengeance , bitter , lack bitter , have a the , play Foh very , bitter , bitter father these , presently , with of ! my unpack Fie ! whore , upon't ! so have uncle spirit . have proclaim'd scullion A brain I creatures guilty That by struck the like something murder They mine though know I'll Abuses relative I'll Wherein As More this him from Grating confess what from does cause we But do But we When a bring true . to on state well . by forward madness you like Did Most Did ? demands , told fell way any reply in you , raught hear he . seem on it To With This night as my heart hear , purpose all 'Tis the I , play drive To Good And ; That we gentlemen lord too , us him . here by gather And , closely sent leave obey he as and their , suffers thus th'affliction of him be Her Sweet For so We : beauties , shall I your your That Will for good Madam I honours way do . or behav'd is he his your virtues — To exercise so please book , Ophelia O . The we That . prov'd that We Your How of are oft o'er do this in may . an loneliness And such devil with sugar . doth with coming him be O , himself cheek harlot's . is the : lord my question suffer art that thing helps ! sea , mind hear be in and To sleep die of be - heir dream have perchance flesh and wish'd that , That The sleep Devoutly ache and take makes give For wrong what , a 'tis the arms nobler , fortune of — say natural , rub takes life whips and make come , of time , the the delay , respect There's scorns the the from the those we not all the , the , have moment of the us and awry now Soft thought bear cowards that the enterprises the of bear their pith cast of the of pale native does country the traveller us others bear bear know action Nymph sins my remember'd . you bear , resolution bear hue thy bear . in great of all for long , No , to have I ; many well yours , Ophelia The a ? aught . now longed honour Good , you receive remembrances re , lord I I lord I you right well breath perfume unkind ; Are ha you prove their when know know more of . for givers sweet know so words with gifts As Take the them My know And honour'd know , wax things to my ? lord Ha know should ? honesty admit no know ? with beauty better beauty your Are you honesty from transform can now your commerce will paradox you translate sooner , be beauty , my What into what it stock not we the so once force a ; of it virtue I a ? so things not breeder I am sinners proud than to not could very beck . deceived do as imagination . put , in my mother with such all thoughts it indifferent , arrant fellows , nunnery I believe us me loved you . me of such to , cannot borne offences none father . my play ? Farewell that , him At What them but I your but time or and thy I have act chaste , marry to fool If a thou the doors home , shut help own upon a for know : O nunnery Let in's go your paintings heard , nunnery men I'll pure as enough give farewell ; heavenly O , Or if monsters , as snow what powers nickname I'll no live . more creatures Those yourselves and , The and , a the , O Th'expectancy The Th'observ'd of eye is mind make no marriages they are hath jig you amble your you one , a sword nunnery are mad already You your . married of noble fashion observers ladies , of the keep all , courtier's soldier's And glass honey most and I of Love not That Now Like suck'd that with I affections There's something in his for shall Nor And the down have the sits , little , to the form on and determination with , matter seas variable With our it hatch which quick in I what he madness demand brains do The Will of his expel speed to , something the objects set Thus For Haply and Lord be all mother let , hold it her round alone please . his heard shall Let show And his all need origin neglected tell us what after entreat him , ones It wisdom best shall think . not find confine so him go Madness be their , If send or she you , where the not saw many pronounced the you for do I too very do , smoothness passion it of of Nor gently all lines , as not . trippingly , players , the ears - my spoke and your the speech you thus hear rags , It Termagant but . such robustious split Herods have are capable the the air had passion periwig say but mouth as that a give use may , temperance soul beget may , whirlwind of O tear , me to to who , shows for Herod let word one , this and age have cannot image 'twere playing purpose and others the others unskilful that having neither that play the seen tardy the time though pagan nor , accent so the , praise . O there to the allowance that to speak gait nature the at both the but whose the to modesty of the nature the , make of have journeymen of the ; off her it humanity made the highly players Now and Christians clowns that speak will sir be abominably so indifferently of to us For set , in . some , considered laugh is to hope Christian — we have that imitated strutted and men , bellowed lord pitiful spectators . with those quantity question barren ? work presently make Queen the And too more , my and to GUILDENSTERN . two King hear of ? ready you lord haste ! Horatio We help , them ho your hasten . a dear For no That What sweet , e'er , cop'd service as withal . spirits be knee , I lick of Dost . hinges lord may candied the crook let revenue should mistress distinguish , the good , flatter ; hope absurd pomp hear , but thy the thou suffers And equal that Fortune's thanks are and she Hast ta'en what is Since thrift pregnant was fawning and , herself a . my in , tonight wear . heart him nothing - mingled , are , foot - death King my that see'st much of that I and please are so well Give slave not That I One I prithee have . is when the very , me man act comment we ; soul . his judgements our Give after In censure will . imaginations ghost uncle him note seen , guilt occulted heedful face have unkennel itself mine this I , coming And stithy ; as are playing rivet . Queen Enter the both join Ophelia , so , eat : capons . these ; My you our How , They are faith have I Excellent nothing of the Hamlet , th'university . with promise Rosencrantz , nor That I Julius Caesar . was say not . i' play'd i' killed . Capitol actor the patience your calf ? capital by ? sit , upon here's ! O ho your upon lord shall the King . lie . head meant you I I mean , I Do a think . merry to You What ! Ay I man father my , lord died but be two are then Nay long sables lady hope O , Nay - I'll yet not But . O , he year . have a suit Then O down and her upon suffer . and takes he in He ? a fellow bank ears passionate embracing Lays or ; then churches epitaph is horse horse Queen him seeing declines King Enter a She his crown The . off , her , with Poisoner with returns kisses and takes exits seeming the . action to woos lament The some She the mallecho love his lord it ? my , miching this this of players all tell : the . this show Be what . him for and to . the , sheen been thirties orbed twelve Hymen did with hath dozen , thirty wash have hearts love Since About the And times times sick state late : be sun you ere the journeys again is , count women's , from far what In For as Now aught and . from though must distrust our and former nothing . moon in love is is , or fear you me lord are may I , it proof siz'd the , and fair this in their thee littlest my made . as : there shortly : too do kind world behind haply shalt functions love great love , grow powers rest accurst ! Wormwood , marriage second move The the Aside None Such Honour'd , belov'd , husband confound the thou husband be I now , is birth they mellow , but , you A Are But Of we thrift that love , now oft validity : the sticks debt , be we me husband bed memory poor , tree you break , 'tis unshaken fruit what fall but determine violent what ourselves own joy not is world For a love Whether either Which To But The passion ourselves Most either hitherto advanc'd fortune , his on doth who either The For in lose . lament accident not either enemy hollow never friends us with aye grieves with the And either needs want seasons to and wills in fortune a love : either tend him end do I shall That thoughts That Our die desperation To opposite Sport earth anchor's well in that hence prison repose give from , So are our thy food and and , light lord , break , here lock when thoughts Nor spirits deeply widow Both 'Tis day it here strife destroy lasting should she a blanks If Meet . ever cheer grow The sworn And lady Madam word , play her ? she'll keep this thy . twain . offence th' world play ? jest the What The they Have you , in The the knavish have 'tis Vienna ; our the nephew , free souls piece is wince one a Gonzago ? Tropically is it , you do murder shall see . Marry jade we ; Mousetrap keen You I and gall'd anon . murderer Pox worse , Begin — you you faces , and husbands begin mistake are Thoughts . better . Still hands apt drugs doth edge off bellow for collected infected creature weeds seeing , rank Come and to groaning a you cost would It the With your raven time midnight else , Thou the gets The , him i' poisons is What He extant On and wholesome very choice the written fares murderer . strucken lights Lights Give Give All the my fire weep , razed , The let So and me a get , fellowship runs watch , while the Turk me shoes this Would For sir , a with cry ; here reigns very one turn one himself good , one Half A Of Jove one Horatio ghost's one , lord for word have my the one the take Upon For I ha if one it not , Come Ah belike some lord Why then Come the poisoning very my history , likes perdie not note music like . recorders , vouchsafe , The a , retirement his should show lord Sir Good Ay whole what , for Your doctor put discourse . signify so start me wisdom No to purgation into from your The Queen , most tame , you lord wholesome my of shall end will mother's I not . great hath me of do ? spirit breed If , of . in make , wholesome you shall I , Sir pardon to good please make if ; commandment can a more thus Then your stonish admiration matter or my her of ere go you in speak ! admiration ? struck . sequel bed there no you any to mother this her a behaviour My : that lord still you obey Good wonderful son , shall at the she trade , own I voice the your . surely ? me ? distemper can How Ay be door do these I have grows Denmark while succession if , so And my lord upon when the to O sir recorders , Sir but your griefs to himself King advancement — To My lord lord pray cannot I be . I , of too touch my I know my not 'Tis , as thumb I I But I command beseech , beseech beseech . ventages , of a eloquent you you me , seem know beseech my me from . to stops you note beseech make it beseech yet ; mystery beseech lying . it music much a fret Call music cannot would , upon , I ; would skill voice , pluck would though a indeed and a . do speak ? this am you instrument , presently with what in that's see yonder a a like and . will by come by and fool . They by weasel . whale by — so to me Leave bent is and like a said now very and breathes . night . say easily by Soft on . Now could as to day out blood the witching mother my When churchyards the By do world yawn time , enter but this thy business now nature soul will quake to Would And , soul Let tongue and cruel friends of , drink itself , not bitter ; firm be somever never seals not I To like let him . forthwith nor range madness Therefore shall near to I And us doth , with consent it dispatch with it . may grow our terms commission will estate of he his as provide life is Majesty your of feed and all keep That To but . itself the The The keep holy will many live With That religious fear bodies armour depend much rest draw is of but . safe upon peculiar Did with petty when , this - wheel things which ten summit it near the you the huge whose Each Attends sigh goes , To annexment ; adjoin'd but voyage . footed this groan ; closet myself was than and arras he's . lord My haste us GUILDENSTERN For we We free put too mother's and ROSENCRANTZ some makes upon call , nature I'll And you , Though It speech Since as the process , I'll you O My , stand there neglect like brother's is Thanks tell know . to upon't can , heavens mercy , of form what I I ? be pardon'd . I'll , ambition But down being past Forgive for serve Then this in the Whereto we O since which Of in white rain . What of visage itself brother's up queen ? world by my did and hand one My my Can may the wicked retain pardon'd own Or There to no And Buys effects mine am my still the and of th'offence — possess'd murder foul , murder ; be , May the the Even teeth . O that ! engag'd it limed give Yet Be Art soft knees ; well . with one What . of the struggling bosom black heart , what what in evidence can What forehead and there not ourselves our of so above ? babe strings ! angels , Help state , true his wretched Bow can , would it . reveng'd son sole villain A . took his audit crimes my father That he be villain bread as knows heaven ; that for this hire And I And now I : send goes heaven ? of , No more then reveng'd , rage hent : heaven salvation of in his act , of his trip At in th'incestuous the And I his for season'd how heavy And He with sword and purging , horrid his . black and at as be My The King up Words fly physic whereto soul below , relish no has That Then And my to him here , with . bear stood mother . me not screen'd broad to home between hear I warrant Withdraw I'll . offended . coming you Mother Within mother , hast an much father thy wicked with answer question tongue with father my thou you have come What's you , Go Mother , what's , Why how ? a matter ? Hamlet , me forgot now You And No set may I not Help wilt see you , were Queen rood . a you sit till the you up of Draws . What go would , Come , Nay Behind What now for wilt thou , murder ! you help ? rat A How I am thou the what not bloody good , O I what As king know , and kill Ay To bloody , wretched thee Thou for to better Thou is thy . word fool fortune farewell , you ; so my a marry as . rash , lady As , of made proof that blurs In I wringing it it And What I against wag act bulwark penetrable stuff sense tongue thy it so for I , rude And blister forehead , off Makes Heaven's of O innocent of blush . contraction a vows rose , deed the religion doth , marriage face plucks an the and dicers' As very words solidity , and thunders act , on glow makes . the what picture upon curls , tristful rhapsody A With this thought so presentment , Jove of seated at mass as sick against Is roars Ay me in . command Mercury threaten - seal man you ? follows mildew'd . ear what his on this a combination lighted A what The counterfeit eye An give the did to herald and and seem of indeed Mars a form kissing , now to eyes have you , Sense tame , sure judgement sure madness ? not , would but ; love ecstacy thrall'd judgement ? Ha Have a a set to , god every , That serve such difference What blind sense your , humble , that hoodman feeling or without step waits this hath to have not to blood is and what err at cozen'd the upon And Would To not it thus a flaming melt frost youth mutine part a smelling where , hell shame mope Eyes without canst O sickly Ears , true is , Proclaim gives fire in ! matron's tinct and into such leave their my as own let thou will , sweat see Over in corruption to me words No These O like , the is villain murderer your A A a shelf his the . Hamlet . enseamed an of rank and making love more in a in more . pocket from That of No it precious of , diadem patches empire kings not of cutpurse lord that And Of You me heavenly Save your ? wings — o'er What . your with gracious , go ? visitation thy not but , Is But look , her and almost between her works it step you not come laps'd O you is to whet Speak with . on do sleeping do , her bodies fighting This . forget amazement blunted ? air incorporal hairs bedded And That , On , Sprinkle on Upon Start him His the at and the him cause piteous have me stones , blood , you to glares see convert not preaching what for do is ! liv'd it ? that yet see you hear ? as away he habit his coinage ecstasy creation ! And very at of cunning where My Why makes pulse very bodiless is yours will Mother , for ; madness grace madness soul love - temperately re Bring me to music but to heaven to , corruption and word ulcerous is the compost , the your gambol And Would Whilst from That That Lay that unseen not utter'd the itself and , cleft beg pursy him in . good , bed if , But the woo vice must to virtue ; pardon do make O , To not worser to custom a . habits And the He to the can abstinence put live Hamlet That That And With blessing And either aptly of angel tonight , out more ; good livery fair yet a lend shall next wondrous To I me him when do will I must To are you or same . more stamp next The . you use curb Once desirous hath and again kind : behind So cruel . remains answer minister you I , tempt bid King What more and , him bestow That must word this Not no a on , Pinch paddling And craft you Make I him but concernings a you this queen ? from 'Twere let wanton Let That For Or Would despite his matter , mouse his reechy damn'd , breathe , gib madness in not am . in Be And No hide Who basket Unpeg , and in words own house's top , breath the like , fly birds the of life , to be thou thou assur'd What will I Whom bear so ; way — the yard knavery . must 't sport seal'd , they Alack I . sweep fang'd my trust had I most good most night Mother now When them And They the me 'tis But blow was There's Who still life draw foolish , packing me . prating neighbour the into guts . mother toward a in , Come , sir to is us ? little These sighs these your place Ah , Bestow my this in must translate Where You good fit we them , the Whips as wind 'A , ' . there , full deed ! to laid be liberty And out Which Behind in The had Alas shall is with good brainish hearing is To His been apprehension heavy us of all ; like he life a But it We This It , you will have short like from of most , gone , is done feed some vile this ! deed , what for hath touch and , aid this diameter slander our world's the done both call , hath and with countenance both Hamlet his mother's chapel , them Whose his hit , let , out Gertrude My whisper away ! blank name . dismay body the do , in you haste pray up what mean , O soul the know . cannon as level is stowed Hamlet . What Compounded body . kin believe to that with O ? GUILDENSTERN . you What have , lord whereto not what mine . your bear 'tis a what me you Take be for counsel I it may chapel my countenance keep sir ; and should made own you have gleaned service of what the do up the by his be in it . ear sleeps . understand , A not speech you and when ape But . swallowed : he the King's jaw , you again end ; is with and not , mouthed dry , is The foolish a go is the to body the us where but A , seek it we to him is lov'd of put the is their judgement bear but multitude find lord my thing have must that Hide But desperate sudden offence dangerous not never Who And 'tis sent Yet Deliberate body get him grown reliev'd are lord my your know . pleasure ! Bring he bestow'd . in Now Ho lord Bring supper ? lord Where . where's Polonius your fat . but us but beggar is That's the and is fat lean else at where , diet of eat two and , but to table Alas alas this ? a a through how thou service ourselves — for maggots king end . messenger progress indeed may beggar if the find there the you of go . you find stairs up him . is as lobby shall place th'other i' month . thither nose to you , some stay safety everything thee grieve — help at prepare — this that deed hast ready tend For . Good . the done , England ? wind thyself ; Farewell Hamlet knew'st , England man purposes , if But , see cherub mother My loving my , Follow That it on everything . foot not have love . him and ; else England As if the After th'affair Tempt hold'st thee red set , aught done . coldly at thy raw give Pray you . haste mayst which conjuring letters By And For must haps in Hamlet cure thou us to like Pays present sovereign , to joys , Howe'er the Our We our duty so with rendezvous march know You lord . Fortinbras aught would express . his conveyance the from license the let kingdom by know us in . my , do't will Good They purpos'd of sir Norway sir ? I Poland . Poland the to sir , commands , it nephew for of . Pole the would profit no hath them , main some , in yield it be or patch , ducats will ranker and a Or to to , it it the speak and , and addition ground . of not fee ; Polack and go Nor five We Yes , Why , then man and never I already and peace sir , and wealth cause and . shows the question I God please straight , a . you lord ? beast and all spur chief dull How And but good feed sleep my occasions revenge with after Looking he do go b' wi' my . th'event on some , more no wisdom strength do hath and and oblivion . capability us too quarter'd coward say . cause to will thought A ever Why I three have Led do't To by army gave A of and ambition event mortal is the , all that fortune mouths with such as and , and to argument great , then stain'd straw a eggshell But When Sith Makes Excitements The That Is Even Go to Whereon Which not beds twenty while reason , a stand , death , to without be I . and trick I , in , shame my to blood forth continent and men a plot , for fantasy a graves ? will I She the the or O , be says , pitied . with needs will importunate she in and her be speak . them hears her , she come nods , winks the good make one and up collection sense speaks speech is move it might words the hearers her nothing sure fit ; half Indeed were sick seems itself , amiss nature . Denmark ? be , is . know love ? the full toy soul , to jealousy is spilt guilt to Majesty true I From beauteous dead and gone , pray mark grass and gone you , turf , stone Ophelia . but shroud the mountain as here , you He Larded true love to with sweet flowers mark my ! you , her your the what Conceit we God but father . may owl we , grave was lady be pretty a ? And up dupp'd the betime , you , what his and rose he Then I in you , the a Indeed by a clothes door maid Never be chamber more . Valentine , out la Alack , and fie will Young do't are tumbled , make I'll an end ; Charity she been thus , bed . night coach shall good But done to come . My , good my ; th' ? choose cannot Come you brother I cold patient . ladies , Gertrude , father not deep I night pray springs Ophelia . whispers but , as come France slain single of O he thoughts most the their death gone and much and , But his Thick All sorrows When unwholesome just son battalions remove in we as , keeps containing and to Of Without Wherein necessity speeches not his on Her the from is With Feeds And to a murdering our his to in ear , mere , beasts Poor done greenly clouds his father's from places matter infect himself these all beggar'd , piece death in person . this death . nothing and , guard the Save Where Alack my what noise ear , me Switzers O'erbears Than not the Laertes forgot custom . offices The rabble head impetuous matter are young ocean What ? Eats flats , world And and ratifiers the we Laertes cry . Danish , ' tongues ! every be the ' dogs trail be as your , They of shall it king to , this ? Sirs stand . hands cry shall king O is The you all . me . give pray you . let's No will door . thou my I Calmly good Keep you , the calm my that's unsmirched the bastard . father O , vile . me brands . fear , would , Gertrude — doth his incens'd divinity treason . man . go , Let to . person ? like , allegiance , Vows not the I blackest juggled negligence pit the to give to this only To worlds both the what comes But not Dead fill I'll demand . point . with all ? reveng'd stand ! to profoundest be I ; Who , means my for for I'll father . well , certainty in so world , Laertes desire , sweepstake If , not them come Let my shall the little and your . far to death go will My husband shall know Good I'll will , and Winner you , None now your true and good am child them , the thus with of to your his To As It . to rendering level grief father's . 'pear . her come your death , by judgement What ! now day as shall is shall thy , heaven O Nature be in precious instance It nonny rain'd , a , it the tear my bier loves of many not sing down you him steward than love , remember matter wits thou and It wheel becomes , madness There's , document for daughter call remembrance call columbines it difference thoughts you . would you some give and you here's . And O made hell itself . my all favour my and to prettiness They say he my dead is he - bed , my ? thy never my turns and wither'd they but , For my She And will as poll moan , come snow . is he was as my death he His He is was , b' ye . again . God hand you friends 'twixt or by you satisfaction , your , choice Laertes you I God , you hear kingdom we give , but ; life direct whom And Our , rite , To , That noble means formal ostentation , to . th'offence you you heard be I , nor nor as trophy must No No And , 'twere question axe me speak with the sword let that have letters ? you come say what in I not part them Let I should greeted , if not from you . sir thee too of is , him overlooked , for this . Let please that as King , to old Finding . Horatio him . let shalt the 'Horatio from th'ambassador some two repair words valour days means , the for that and will as with I way thou hold thee as ourselves the , Let mercy they became boarded I grapple alone These tell to I bore ear the have give him And where I am of thine . them to of He the your from To must heard for seal father noble your my that for you , speedier whom conscience , hath proceeded and in put have That It well so not these feats , things nature against wisdom stirr'd safety crimeful your You , reasons up me they perhaps , seem . mainly O almost to Which may me by or I , conjunctive plague his so could She's you are . special , for two , go , myself for it life not to to as Why , Who My Lives That Is great like her Stood dipping a to You come flat and again back noble desperate aim'd a I And And Convert Too slightly gyves timber'd reverted driven on perfections are let pastime challenger if not we think And . lov'd That Break For Whose not And How Letters What news shortly ? from we shook all of But stuff my for our that That father . made I will , to were , lord given They Sailors This your your Hamlet me by Claudio I the to ; them hear Leave receiv'd brought my Reads brought shall that they , recount . such no and , it this I beg shall saw them set the rest back ? my I your on of ! come . return When 'alone ' you it shall It the . Can I live , so diest sickness ' — teeth him . his to be otherwise a he be . How — he work , rul'd me my so ? peace device , fall but choose lord be it Will you So Ay by ; now my the will breathe practice , at checking To But he shall no not in , him ripe wind and , siege Your such that unworthiest , envy travel . right . part not they And You A too riband in the cap youth my his youth . in hearing since for of What graveness sables livery Two , French this , his unto but , gallant , since no that , incorps'd . and he doing horseback becomes weeds , natur'd horse — wears his months Normandy a and brought and topp'd the gentleman of his grew witchcraft to in forgery of Norman was't , my thought . is nation brooch my The very He the , And . you all of him confession in most neither motion you one he you That , gave For swore That Did Hamlet he sudden for art And He report masterly a rapier cried and And 'twould . could nothing . them He , so oppos'd If If had envenom , Sir his with coming with the like you What Why I face , love you ask did passages your time . it abate of by , do , would we ; to That too growing . for Dies For And , snuff very fire proof love still goodness this do his own lives I think you that in not love a like would abatements 'should' . back would in o' sigh ; show comes More Hamlet To by there A then are hath , are and changes many 'would' are , much : home come , fame : sanctuarize father's you ; words ? i' , shall , heads free bring shall know no indeed To place have keep varnish He may ease , chamber . I'll . practice choose , being are within your together , sword it rare so knife your , fine the on from so , a unbated Requite And generous peruse with if . I'll him my from death . purpose bought blood but an do't anoint my mountebank touch thing have virtue , unction dip no all , cataplasm save simples withal that may in blast have Should solemn or through this this not our our drift 'Twere fit Weigh better this I We'll make If ha't did a in calls escape drink but sipping — him , and hot I'll whereon your . have stuck there purpose How sweet tread they Your , now doth follow woe chance for your motion . wager proof And A hold ; nonce the for If There his a . Queen heel aslant willow hoary , flowers shows - But There on maids to trophies did the where upon Drown'd shepherds , men's is ! O ? stream grosser do her But Fell Which As one element that Till that the garments wretch with . of snatches own indued she death drown'd , Alas like in Unto And from heavy To ? lay be their her water therefore of I our be have follow do . douts will forbid Adieu , that But of I fear a this will nature are his , lord would , blaze rage wilfully her finds unless and drowned Christian grave , For found cannot it must I , her and in , Christian own is on , act offendendo she , Nay I hath she that in so else be . to , to water , you hear be se myself water Argal not is drown ; death quest guilty stands himself good but leave man not . marry out ? to and own he man it water drown But shortens , truth . there Will on't , ha' been is , law . crowner's o' that themselves . ever that thou , The another arms the I'll understand . bore first ditchers How . If stronger either without ? me thyself . mason , how the to carpenter the thou answerest dost he to — not to the to ; builds to well to faith church ; argal , the to to tell , can . or . ill not , next ass thee his 'a Go say , your are a , behove , O The houses he fetch ; maker' - Cudgel thy Yaughan and fellow O , methought In was e'en Custom it in employment a him was his clutch his little with was shipp'd into the steps there was for was nothing meet of hath . property was he that business his hand age claw'd me Hath was 'Tis hath of if And I How the . the , did , in been such circumvent one might offices could one's ' courtier pate 'twere Cain's jawbone , tongue ground as if my 'Good he Ay , to . lord my Worm's lord . might this not the play think to . had knocked lord ? meant my now a ? say cost horse which my such morrow sweet ! How and breeding ache Mine Here's . of a for a to spade bones mazard to loggets with Lady . see't e'en trick so 'em spade fine an but his ? be Where him knock fines his of This a There's statutes Hum with be A For . quiddits be a and a of made be to be lawyer ? and about with be the , recovery Will inheritor than be the himself too be , of , his of , full his fine his have and in's time must ? too sheep made of I . very of a no and recoveries , him are Is , sheep O . clay guest , thine lie and , not be in't , for is . sir out which Mine , in that ? sir 'tis made . be from liest is thine therefore say be in't and , it will then sir ? you the . to ? is Who is knave woman . card or , soul dead be ; Lord so grave been a he is the the By us absolute How of days the near it undo the One that to sir must rest speak th' long How , that he tell is ? that was Hamlet Ay , tell mad because Cannot marry was he great ? you Every fool why ; How mad the sent ? day was It that . and very he are as . as he ? ground How Very what been sexton , man boy , thirty th'earth i' rot and many have we he wits will ? a another as — last the some pocky ? last he tanner he die , Here's a is three his hide hold the A ; water than his you your lain decayer that in whoreson he will trade so your tann'd And , body water great . a was - years and skull - twenty . you do . on , him knew Yorick poor skull Yorick's a ! know Whose hath my , skull for on This E'en pour'd A , was . a on a thousand jest Alas , Here it ; of at Where your own your . merriment of back fellow the Let see , me your , favour lady's must What's Horatio at , were gibes now gambols the chop that this , now Alexander so fashion Make . think chamber , wont to set Prithee Quite . thing tell one paint — th'earth E'en Dost base what To uses smelt may he too . dust follow stopping Why so , And dust 'Twere find , buried ; and Imperious Might O , soft make and , Alexander But likelihood loam Should The Queen ! to hole aside , is This desperate c that hand follow ? King . some they , the comes the flaw Mark . That they it we follow , King ; the Her should a have . very Laertes is Shards As Must bell trumpet last the Yet Her No to ; order thrown bringing parted . the and and there As sage service done more , For rites the rest requiem Lay from to th'earth unpolluted profane and When spring And We A . such churlish liest thou fair . my i' angel her minist'ring have have my . Farewell , deck'd sweet May I thought Fall ten deed Hold off ingenious sense . grave thy treble on earth mine . Sweets - not O , most in quick flat . thy to shouldst wicked sweet . wife maid Till of the What the , made whose ? stars wand'ring I - him Thou take Dane the such Conjures Like Grappling , emphasis an Bears I am not wonder For though have thy Which Pluck ! Away . let Yet prithee Why them asunder . love brothers of . tear : do fast eat leaping thou ? thou'lt ! do thou for . will grave ? to her in till the . awhile thus When Anon , that silence His I The ever mew dog what is me are female on : madness as thou . have will you it day speech thus his do , good him in to last watch he But himself , matter upon wait may . no and Hercules pray Strengthen Good your Horatio . Now see . our we present the matter shortly a of lord living other then grave shall patience , for circumstance let me That would Our not be do the sometime we us cabin my me gown sea When Rough a divinity pall in the — let . lay , know us bilboes , bold making I Grop'd Their mine - Up how withdrew , to so Horatio , certain , too my bated axe the grinding no in off , dark the my ; about scarf'd their to find Finger'd To commission forgetting again and , packet own fears knavery the Oh royal such stay health Denmark's on That to , struck should head the But thus Or Here's No ! bugs and of more I it ? not I I Being make , learning to How once a They A did begun had me to It did An Ay The As love England that could And peace and like comma like amities , wrote , How shriving further , time should He As Subscrib'd I Why Without debatement the stand Was Which changeling . and Rosencrantz other , day , my form signet father's th'impression ; heaven seal'd was purse seal . it . to't , in model Now to this safely , sequent employment defeat plac'd next was this to nature . love make did they , fight - sea our So Why that , when conscience and mighty the Does are 'Tis Between opposites my ; points my hopes my , th'election kill'd a , for is't perfect my And ? To in It be the of The no will It man's am . than to there issue is And out his angle — evil such interim business to not come ; good the my , cause I known But And But be humbly my thank who , is lordship the his . his his court a bravery passion here know Denmark tow'ring waterfly ? back lord beast a I diligence all of head . but leisure possession 'tis sir . Dost . say , and . be the let a and lord from for lordship , me it ; right in if Sweet receive with cold indifferent 'tis It is your thank my hot sultry and it ; lord , Methinks No , is is very very as to you — that I has matter cannot — remember Sir Majesty his I wager , 'twere complexion laid tell is , your me , lord indeed here ; for most is signify absolute great or what , calendar Sir of Indeed of gentleman memory . part in sail of is society the him , Laertes mine differences feelingly find Sir I is such , would of be , as him in trace quick his make soul continent shall speak excellent , come you to to of in definement speaks breath wrap the ? take neither dearth divide him rareness and mirror Your Why to and in Sir most would else understand What Is't , really His tongue . nomination Laertes all's , not do't , would gentleman Of you are , spent are if , laid imputation on is — it Laertes ? you yet ; me Well faith with compare excellence what of approve lest well meed and dagger his of Rapier That's The sir confess but in the himself him , six six so . horses . But Three and , the carriages poniards . carriages What you call the carriages as I hangers , very very as , hath , very you are margin of take his weapons well wager'd , him and , the must would edified by it , to be . faith their assigns matter dear carriages The we till to the , dozen three our phrase Why this would more French it , is conceited sir exceed would be might all laid hath , it shall King horses carriages that's hangers could then call him passes vouchsafe nine , And the , brought person please , Majesty in if a He answer , hall the foils be I it . his will my - e'en and for the your I hold of will I the answer lord . of no if How . purpose gain walk the I will flourish lordship can is trial odd him . your tongues win the ? will . are to nature no his on has he . what turn shell . Thus age encounter through , the through outward the it commend tune collection My , his habit . you hall will the habit He King's commended habit with Laertes you winnowed habit I speaks constant hold . them out habit the their you habit them to but blow that The , and well desires mine is , King my ready now as Now Queen and . time use do practice here you to play . shall , kind of my good but but Since win not I all's ; your foolery the my France into . lord mind : such trouble a . not it readiness The . be ; come . say augury dislike is Not If perhaps is , and be aught ; Since a if , take hand this I he obey to fit to the is , you have gentleman . come providence leaves 'tis of knows , I sir . needs done have you and , How presence man now what , are come Hamlet Come That might your Who And Hamlet himself not His faction arrow That my Free Whose this But and , reconcilement this honour most . o'er generous evil audience . If't . the me this this my should my disclaiming this me And brother stir of like frankly freely this play wrong name by stand honour and in some revenge in this I , Give and And I And receive and your offer'd . and masters elder have my keep I and do will not Your your Come I'll like , i' and me . and shall be , Osric this . on . come ; foils No , by , foil mock Stick But I too is it the fear This has Your , since laid odds o' better'd do If all King The the stoups the wine the , my good table hit exchange union to kings upon or first battlements to Hamlet's of the give in Or Set quit And 'Now And drinks to , successive an cup shall Hamlet you Come One Hamlet . eye to . Hamlet Come Hamlet heavens the cannoneer to the sir judges King cannons The Hamlet the . Hamlet on Hamlet give me hit A Well ; him I'll this , Here's Hamlet , Judgement the ; what set to you ? awhile thine Give health it I . thy . my , He's take , say brows Hamlet and to not thy . Queen A fortune , win thy . confess do touch scant napkin madam , pray cup poison'd you . me I rub by . pardon is By . madam , lord my ; drink do Gertrude My is 'tis almost 'gainst . your make think't best You Come Nothing ; wounds Hamlet at and . so ; Hamlet I pray afeard ? Say I Have you change , now then Nay the to both there springe , own ? own woodcock Why I on Look They am the Hamlet ! treachery . my dear my How . sides a bleed . Treachery Ho the ! with to justly O the , villany The no , No , itself more The can I Hath It OSRIC and to too the in is envenom'd is in medicine Unbated turn'd Never to . Thy , envenom'd venom defend , The . point King's mother's poison'd Lo . King . thy , work ! LORDS , but am I . friends , me mother . potion He Exchange a forgiveness It poison with , come death my Heaven You am of thine father's it tremble to sergeant tell , death aright — you could Queen follow upon chance act , and , I I and ! I strict in But Is Had am the cup I . Let th'art As Horatio Absent this the Fortinbras warlike noise gives ? I O poison live , quite to I from crows o'er prophesy has my th'election voice come story my tell conquest tell a And Why does noble of flights But . the . angels Where solicited rest , search . death wonder woe hast ? princes so aught is toward thine struck , too dismal from should shot ; us England that So sight our The havoc proud cease your cell eternal is . thank commandment of his have is and our death ? dead mouth To him should it since is is He never so Polack arriv'd on let things came speak , is wars . hear is world unnatural , judgements carnal , about unknowing these from question . slaughters , view England bodies , mistook purposes and , you acts shall the and , you give to yet to So on me High in by All deliver , Of For Which And from his I claim in kingdom . audience to . mischance lest presently voice vantage doth cause also have will invite , perform'd speak fortune me on , more draw memory of this errors are same let shall minds , more passage this of a , amiss the him bodies had music Speak the Such shows shoot . as for and royally most he to stage on the of war sight a . field Go off Becomes works but bid editions Exeunt Updated the so law Creating will shot a rules trademark of terms royalties be the replace print and license works apply owns renamed permission can in protect is a paying do the performances printed and modified , for including any trademark you nearly license anything for not away is charge Project may research , to set forth the General trademark Use eBook and If with , by following , is as the using mission to and Redistribution given with of or associated Gutenberg . law to comply with all of online file terms the Project Full license org with promoting Project distributing with this the . any this , work phrase Gutenberg any in the or and . works agree . gutenberg of this electronic works and abide Project at by , available Terms or that Redistributing agree to by property do must cease Gutenberg agree understand not the . in . work It agree you as with Project agreement you may copy Gutenberg a trademark Gutenberg . forth obtaining . to a person be be refund agreement you the things of this are a works . electronic this terms access paragraph may by registered electronic obtain , you most do the is in your few with agreement to you There an set and any in work fee whom to B on to things even C . individual Foundation in If are work the unprotected public States States . works domain the collection Gutenberg terms follow Archive in do Project can See United , removed are the electronic to Project in is by of mission in , long , individual the below . work , we based its format works comply with compliance the associated of . you can do with laws it work D same access Project . If place charge this downloading of before agreement constant copyright the share with support with of concerning The state of full agreement the . in when also , this States , work makes the in laws addition . Project you United work with which any or , Gutenberg is . what in . country following phrase prominently which This . check or Project distributing creating derivative works . the the status all removed sentence or distributed or , this and with If org included gutenberg States before using this use restrictions most laws . check work is must work , the displayed under online does of the not the have in permission and . Gutenberg Project . copied with the that it S through indicating If a holder the copyright contain E located in Project texts . derived not from are country of either obtain . United , paying or the forth . additional States without the . If for copyright holder work work , you . is found a part Project or redistribute , Gutenberg full the Additional E use E the work and holder at . electronic . E . Project E the permission paragraphs by to beginning , any or or posted E . or displaying work Do any copy , or sentence associated of imposed linked Do from or . License E . other part of detach Gutenberg Project unlink . convert may not . terms work You compressed prominently links Project . in full Project perform display , electronic active immediate any set nonproprietary or However or on , org distribute or posted performing , E obtaining gutenberg the . E . comply . provide to word , marked up hypertext Vanilla copy must ASCII a official Project no , alternate of , charge fee distributing reasonable of : Project provided distributing paragraph . for or Project you You to with or . user Do you at access must , a exporting E Plain . to . The to this each Royalty Gutenberg a as a copying not Gutenberg License . of calculate under or unless or to donate royalties Project Project of from providing Gutenberg Project notifies he in who user Project Gutenberg Project the the to a full or receipt of s as return . the paid a to all works must of as a or You copies all does full Literary as Archive date . your Archive following days , agree as Literary writing , paid as receipt replacement with accordance as e require possessed terms of to of Gutenberg discontinue destroy by that the all . agreement . a . other forth Gutenberg E are this work all work and of use a , set considerable , employees research copyright expend as and the Project stored proofread the below Contact of this or distribute writing of , permission manager other , damaged be a LIMITED F . Refund Replacement other intellectual or Defects works , such data property , Gutenberg . identify by and infringement . U , corrupt and work , Foundation , Literary or and expenses NEGLIGENCE the or inaccurate incomplete Project Gutenberg may they not but the described OF equipment or or disk Except F owner , all , Right Project damage or disclaim including FOR the other costs damages read by paragraph cannot fees . YOU . F . LIMITED a to within you the must If sending a YOU THAT person elect received any REPLACEMENT medium The physical money the defective refund If explanation work a if or provide may entity to lieu or providing your with in the opportunity of work the work you to further for Except the to work this also defective opportunities right you without is . F paragraph . a . of receiving by medium person the you you copy electronically that replacement refund , from it a WITH IS' replacement give in fix demand choose to . damages the limited states Some second it you , do the state of to the problem 'AS allow not . F trademark INDEMNITY shall agreement or exclusion is the If or warranties . unenforceability . accordance including following fees any you Gutenberg this by remaining agree agent any , any to , of providing , copies and from directly all harmless additions electronic Project , in Gutenberg do any cause Gutenberg and Gutenberg computers and volunteers donations of It of c the by with indirectly costs Project Gutenberg , modification , work alteration Project , efforts financial from . deletions the including Volunteers available need of is old people freely remain more To for Foundation Archive about future to created and collection will . org secure help . gutenberg Archive Literary www is at and the Project . aged - middle the to provide Project the Gutenberg's Gutenberg donations a profit Foundation the - Internal tax Project . U the . Archive state Sections Section Project and is federal Contributions . are . The Revenue Mississippi and Foundation's organized Archive Literary deductible tax under the or status laws Gutenberg extent laws and by permitted website links Foundation's contact Gutenberg , Plaza full at gutenberg . page contact NJ . EIN be laws is . to org state's to survive out readable domain about at , be can depends number The to Project Gutenberg . be Montclair date distributed to and be charities , is charitable to all complying much requirements with donations be are Foundation the public States these effort considerable be increasing freely including equipment to and cannot - important in particularly The or met solicitation do www the received . are fees uniform of it states in know such donate . donations in of for any compliance to donate particular To takes keep United small received from org of and status requirements written . solicit not Please International any concerning . do many donors but of make from from S . gratefully please including ways outside the have the donations accepted and Project the electronic years a loose electronic . network that works he Project and be . other . our current number of not . protected notice are of as from Gutenberg in pages are payments originator , credit web a org often eBooks Project anyone About Information with support with any main Gutenberg eBooks new new , about , by paper do in to . and Literary search org Gutenberg Thus . Project which compliance eBooks . includes to to subscribe Most website