. yourself Stand Stand me the Stand most twelve And . thanks You now relief I Stand had quiet guard Stand Stand Francisco . night good , do you If The a rivals . meet mouse Not Stand to good you liegemen of And farewell my Give place , A , what is there tonight , him appear'd again . Welcome seen good Horatio ? of Horatio piece nothing . has , What Touching With us to may Therefore I the again have sight watch our if eyes this 'twill and He And are so once again against have Barnardo we nights two we And , night course Last of , where that's me harrows Most ; art Looks What sometimes with usurp'st of heaven I buried thee , time form Denmark this . it to be night . charge ! pale look ? fantasy than might not ! believe I sensible mine As it like to Norway when sledded gross eruption scope and before stalk 'Tis martial twice But in what and thought particular , this . strange work hath Thus With he to and of not might night the Sunday foreign such Does Why is't That whisper , least Who , prick'd image Whose on Thereto of as that mart for , from this the ? with the ; Our to us Norway , of Fortinbras by most but even know the you by in known by , a emulate pride Hamlet him compact lands cov'nant the return'd young design'd , other land rummage our preparations chief head King figure wars . again voice me , blast where countrymen ! comes , done , me avoid thy in of oft womb , they hast speak , Speak happily privy O uphoarded treasure thou art , Or To We And our blows mockery malicious air the was It For , warning morn have summons fearful that his with god in the Awake Whether Doth sea And Walks But I and look o'er the watch of yon , up and do is power planets part mantle believe eastward tonight , hill time to charm . the . morning conveniently fitting and this most and Voltemand , Attendant . discretion green be hearts in that and brow to one with sister remembrance far in think of sorrow this have all , worth brother's our , death message with all bonds of lands , frame , for : law , writ him have here us of of dream to , time we : with much levies made , to articles ; dilated that Farewell will . VOLTEMAND , and than Norway the old personal proportions full greeting haste all CORNELIUS And And head your lose not my , to mouth the ? thy not have instrumental you . duty native wishes must favour wouldst not is hand Than What The My Yet your leave duty What laboursome Have , hath Your now thoughts to me says toward duty though whence my , in confess again , gracious , it Laertes graces , How more kin , kind ? the colour nighted too friend on off hang will ! than and — be time ; hour best cousin Hamlet eye let Seek for cast , my thine Passing And Why seems it so particular ! 'tis for know'st Seems , solemn of is madam Nor customary the Nor But I are have That Together , nor windy suspiration dejected me forms denote they with all can Nor No For These To you father must know lost , obligation his But 'Tis understanding we in vulgar a fault to is to peevish thing our 'tis a common hath who whose fault heaven , nature to , common grief , unschool'd as sense most ? the most This a And Here chiefest and you lose . of bend you , not And we impart most going It Do back which no dearest . For Wittenberg desire to and our our in you father son , eye Hamlet Wittenberg to not obey , come reply you , cousin courtier thy pray Let I Sits as resolve and this How His O And - Re smiling No to that the to the too into an gross to much rank so not it of flat Everlasting 'tis and come was world God a would away dew fix'd to ! him hang loving ; it merely the , slaughter . O O God and should all me ! Fie to grows Possess That By I might to of heaven , my galled in of , most to , sheets reason , father , Within Hercules but her come good my hold tears , mine with unrighteous cannot I for must your glad , servant my do see ! post speed incestuous it , lordship Hail Horatio , Wittenberg you ; Horatio Marcellus you My good good my change make And lord same from that what disposition — lord , Good , from you say violence , truant see see . see see see marriage Horatio goodly was , lord I see methinks — had ; I a him saw was eye Where father eye My , eye eye a eye . again Who take eye With This Upon the ear till you . the , father , night your - pie thrice solemn watch - on gentlemen hear me , father made I comes , had thing they deliver'd And dumb truncheon's his Within deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd deliver'd My none upon speak to it where none ; once crew sight very from our away , none address did would it cock shrunk none vanish'd sound the motion But But none none you , it know down lord honour'd none , As , indeed Hold From Arm'd , my face , saw his foot to head from countenance , or very ? red in long . have very like constantly . hundred a tell moderate MARCELLUS Not when longer haste like one His beard Longer and BARNARDO . life ; in it no his gape , it walk tonight . you assume my again . father's I conceal'd my to me you it warrant itself shall person should you pray hell . your this sight ; honour to as your : is men's to them doubt some my : arms in the : play ! would . favour not lasting , a , suppliance youth and fashion the trifling doubt you the , minute but of sleep a sweet temple ; more no Think does as loves you and this grow now mind soil . service more of primy nature own : so more . it bulk crescent but ? withal thews Grows wide In His The For will nor Perhaps now And virtue no his nature He he greatness Whereof is As May give the your too lose his unmaster'd your . treasure says do persons whole choice that body circumscrib'd of he if choice be songs ; sustain . place credent , or withal open sister desire , fear shot maid the of , safety none else of . moon dear my it chariest in the The Too wary the me not as steep a primrose and But lesson my ; libertine . comes . Laertes , The Occasion . not fear leave . my not long blessing is a . your blessing with , shame , thy thoughts thought but , unproportion'd . in the aboard , a double of tongue memory my in And thou familiar few for are you Yet wind sits . and by precepts soul hast , thou here Those Grapple Nor character that a not them new - thou Look But any thy , unto friends thy to man's Take Bear't each Of dull palm ; beware but rich , buy thy . comrade unfledg'd but as thine Of Give every each Costly not For oft select in ; loses borrowing above canst Farewell Thou not it And : do And habit most a of time I invites Farewell said , have you . memory I , you 'Tis And What Ophelia my remember my . Hamlet the said touching bethought : of Lord to oft and free been you he you key keep yourself you shall he Ophelia , you 'Tis private time me audience he , something he he . honour up me he of yourself — 'tis , me he on put , caution your the clearly tell he late . told Given be in do daughter ? Give understand behoves way , so If Have of it What And it Do you Unsifted Pooh Of his , perilous . them think ; dearly phrase poor fool with . wind honourable , me a love , my go , prodigal blazes these , I how catch burns tongue almost With as holy the to all blood Giving My In call may it speech , heaven do soul , In you much so a Set something light in You Be given Not Than Believe And must Even would I talk with Lord leisure this all : forth . is , brokers walk pious suits may which dye mere like , The is lacks it What now of is a it ? eager . twelve think it held his mean not of trumpet Rhenish bray pledge a marry Is The - he the - in heavy traduc'd manner headed breach revel tax'd , us my to And And From As That in Since some vicious it birth , chances marrow , Soil our Oft By breaking His Look To all noble general may The . take of scandal comes ! it a of corruption doubt , own , goblin answer ; O ignorance , call shape mean may ; quietly again , glimpses of complete , the of nature moon of fools disposition our What ? it , should with did desire . reaches you if It It It will Do Why if That Or might And very looks The puts assume you forth waves What me a Being It you That And Without base summit the cliff . me waves hears so into every the . sea . follow that , Unhand Go on desperate thus fit not I am as . it Denmark come imagination to the of . after . rotten Heaven Nay let's , lead me thou wilt what I but Alas I Pity art thou So I And Doom'd the day confin'd done purg'd a I thy tell burnt Till To could eyes and combined start to upon unfold fretful blazon eternal And and for the certain unfold term fast I , word lightest of tale soul like unfold Make Would harrow particular and Like Are unfold ears Revenge unfold his O God ! unnatural unfold it best the , in , foul of and ! I my revenge weed wings ; apt itself find thee be than Lethe , the Now fat swift . noble whole my Hamlet on thou . the , orchard sleeping in of so process know ; sting prophetic soul queen there was virtuous dignity and ; marriage gifts with off falling hand whose in love his have beast ! wit — seduce witchcraft , So wicked Ay to From , Upon custom be methinks soft let My But ! Upon juice in And With me my those So lust , Though And I garbage the morning . a ears , my thy my the of always secure hebenon did effect posset doth into So did smooth queen of the , in I lazar like instant with with , crown sleeping even All with most - my , body with vile and about mine it brother's once with of sent most bear Denmark of royal with nature the for Let A But with horrible but , on O my all howsoever couch in thee damned nor ; in thee to well fire me . near at bosom uneffectual Remember adieu pale , adieu 'gins - And prick And to thorns shows her worm , thou luxury and to O ? my , all Adieu , matin his the not , O fie trivial forms copied all fond of . my Remember thee thee instant seat , a memory records pressures live my shall , observation observation ; observation observation me ' observation . lord sworn't and HORATIO observation Within Hillo ho ho How ! ho boy , O , reveal ? lord No Not HORATIO then you , it think ? once heart and by villain lord — part , lord go my pray , and for , heartily and they I'll . I'll There's no Patrick I'm Yes by much I'll . Touching , offence but let I'll Horatio soldiers and I'll here between good friends , vision , I'll I'll We . tonight . seen already . the Art in , have Upon , Nor Ha , Cries Indeed We Come ha to under thou hear Consent Hic And Propose of Swear speak et ubique lay by Then gentlemen we'll , again upon you th'earth a as of before And therefore dreamt as , strange As I an perchance , never soe'er in Than Here 'If we pronouncing , times odd antic such put Or grace aught at Swear Beneath what all rest And my May t'express shall And The willing God love perturbed . to Hamlet , a friending as commend Let us you , together spite it set go . Reynaldo , notes , and these my . lord , good make to wisely did intend said . behaviour , sir , Paris are . what , at encompassment some know — ' , you may say very , be , you as know this What Than And , mean his do this his of particular 'And What may sir As gaming companions dishonour you so ; marry of that so put rank slips on ; liberty and my drinking . fencing , go him in it the him ; You That may may dishonour open is and as must not you seem may they , my assault lord . blood of his incontinency scandal to put That flash general outbreak in of unreclaimed fiery a Of Your And As Marry Wherefore You a slight lord , of the you here's my him , prenominate it is a fetch on man good my to does Of breathe you , I , so the , say this did Where he ' . country and What the say consequence was about . something about and 'gentleman . 'I gentleman ' leave . you , as , ay t'other the or forth , brothel of indirections have me , have advice lecture reach , truth you have I well bias ; you fare lord . lord . music his Ungart'red he as No lord And Pale Lord of I with his so been had , he love ? fear hell purport each his piteous knees , his , hat Hamlet head foul'd knocking out he his hand the to He he — I What My And it over done shatter and head with At And He took by goes with a out seem'd his head a draw As being sigh falls last his did seem to would He o' the to end For Come rais'd so all his turn'd go , am under passion And go I , have does That his repel lord to me . you words late , any good I you No my did His access fear'd as wreck seems beyond But . thee I And not That that him It To lack to Come go we in , hide , discretion must hasty ; I inward call provoke , hath be it you you to Something much did use have long that Our Hamlet's that his than I That sure To whom more . If it you , living will , remedy him unknown open'd two are good us with gentry not please and awhile there , of remembrance majesties king's As by shall supply sovereign pleasures your Both a Might both Than dread Put , We our To And to you us have command of your up give lay obey in Rosencrantz . you full Guildenstern our him to helpful Ay Th'ambassadors from still make gentlemen where Hamlet and . news good good soul , liege policy — do to us'd hath The of news My shall He I father's is no our . hath . found feast great and appear'd , main the . marriage him friends our . arrests obeys , to to . to fee Polack shown to to to . to . night your home we'll welcome is business , to since And I will call I tediousness , your rest Most My What day Therefore , swear I , true : true More Madam 'tis no true foolish A cause of of . use And will at . pity , art now figure . Ophelia is , comes this , defect effect remains the find , effect say the mine and , obedience whilst is mark have the remainder , most 'beautified' beautified . her faithful , fire I to , have believe to it , love art liar sun doubt I at thee hath out This . dear As would I What do you of This not . lock she messengers And then receive Which Or If to And my no she took a mistress think Hamlet be young thus , herself from fruits no resort thy his tale the short , done he Fell a a a repulsed Thence And otherwise fain ? for , declension further Within may sometimes the centre the four . this if this me circumstances is How hid try walks he reason assistant be and carters for a no from . I But me keep you such Mark the Be At loose I'll be and not look where We will try my presently the sadly I good you beseech . do Away Do Well ? are . lord lord you being — daughter ? dead , is ? world would I to sir walk daughter ; first you say at I'll Slanders plum beards , with Words the , words matter , lord have grey amber wit powerfully purging that eyes lack thus like a set crab and sometimes reason and part life my except , life that my will my and I him , pregnant which leave take most of except well old you Hamlet Lord God ! sir lord most How ! friends As in live about you Fortune secret ? O the but most her in true ; me at hither sends , that world's honest . is grown , the question hands more dungeons mind good your Why then , space ; in which one could infinite , A are ambition were , you 'tis then , ambitious are our shadows Truly and . beggars , th' ROSENCRANTZ and court but ambition to . monarchs GUILDENSTERN upon like not you shadow's shadow servants ? at . I for fay my dreadfully rest attended But heroes occasion make other I you not , speak Were . but ; a dear in my what no , friendship lord thanks inclining . You which and sent for of rights have have there . sent King ? visitation you ? sent were of our you craft is ; for and modesties Queen ? you , by the whether you by dear . What say you better , direct with sent anticipation prevent moult my , you to goes indeed King . Guildenstern you for forgone all of custom congregation reason o'erhanging in and a , foul fire this so and shall my discovery that ; brave with . have it of action ; I , my , golden look all of beauty . woman , how me nor no seem you Man . not was . offer , on , entertainment neither 'Man them — his of He the think that me shall my you lord My did lord , shall then laugh not lady the sigh hither receive coted his are not and his We foil Majesty . service you shall sere the . innovation and Are followed estimation they , so they profit better same little , in . that indeed it , goose of rapiers berattle afraid common Do endeavour the Do comes Do keeps Do stages ? no quality the Do most Do been make their they the are Do , if if like afterwards pursue , no O , much throwing went . for lived King . my while ; hundred something a , is not Ay make would , Gentlemen of welcome my But uncle extent to the ceremony Elsinore and to players , which come yours you . Your Let me , hands tell . than entertainment are you deceived . is wind southerly out ; for say child them his ear an old man . That is — You indeed . ass on either world in actors , best The pastoral Seneca pastoral Then - comical O law unlimited Aside you call I 'One which treasure on follows on What Jephthah me on on first pious on Why , as most to on , chanson my the of , O face to God will show you am Denmark , see look . For is What nearer is in Thy ! friend , to , by you , last of . good masters friends welcome lady the welcome piece and mistress . e'en We'll We'll What are all heard not , speech a speak quality me . judgements above general the for once well remember . were might modesty to wholesome in of — an excellent as the sallets , pleased it as top no fine and it If , me Priam's Aeneas' called matter let of said but the once , I — it , the down with that was Dido to tale this so , he whose smear'd your it , black in begins line handsome much I and author , chiefly loved . Black his Pyrrhus 'Twas he begin It When carbuncles coagulate a the mothers dismal , more dread as of and murders thus eyes their vile tyrannous , gore wrath hellish fathers lend And a total Head damned and parching and finds short arm , spoken , proceed you with him lies 'Fore , my too , Anon Th'unnerved with Pyrrhus at Repugnant Rebellious So Takes As rend new after - Pyrrhus' dreadful the and some still , storm . nothing and sword , matter Pyrrhus , tyrant painted hush less remorse than Did region did the Cyclops' so Priam the down to the , spokes long too take the the thou for hammers All ! from of heaven , bleeding forg'd , proof gods . on say . sleeps 'The Run With Where That's 'Mobled and rheum lank , seen had the When But In . stood and , Fortune's she burst mortal things saw the late barefoot bisson A Who all that head robe , a . of all made sport limbs , epitaph chronicles their than the you ? rest tears Good — in's , eyes them . and . The dignity man to brief according in every sirs . Come friends , whipping should less they man lord , merit the Use friend , my lord , you . Ay thou dozen or hear him old . You you could would not . insert Ay Very well tomorrow , lines , My Elsinore . I'll not you Rosencrantz that You Guildenstern night Good Ay To . a , God force in it But Could That With That not and conceit his to his cleave mad Make And A broken in from , all function , with tears , i' throat ? this my my I dear rascal life a king be and : Who lie me lack for take , take , and ! vengeance , treacherous , Remorseless take With As by deep Ha But I , take - am as to should I , lungs the liver'd bitter oppression take make should I To take fatted , ere region bawdy take , scene , drab heart hell ; murder his looks blench observe If I'll . it proclaim'd the cunning sitting ! I of Fie , unpack upon't at creatures guilty Been murder Play tent miraculous though They That , Have most so very their . I spirits , melancholy perhaps speak he yea , and thing . power have hath seen , The of , confusion of quiet on his dangerous ? lunacy feels sounded , a his . forcing of , but with him forward means , told players pastime reply these of . are Of kind the , Majesties order doth it heart To he This as , so him and see true have about think I the on They him already , content me here , no your wildness him to , do wish virtues cause . this on Read may in this you book , visage sugar do that too doth beautied to my burden most ! withdraw , in to the of a against ? sleep to die of fortune to mind — we sleep end , shocks thousand to . whips , whips , this There's whips That The That whips whips who would wrong of dispriz'd makes whips For When whips But makes Is conscience enterprises whips regard of ? and bodkin himself patient bare grunt the Who of country And to traveller undiscover'd , the will of of moment awry now day ? name sicklied does lose you have That My I longed My I I , have now , I rich poor There words never , not . compos'd you . aught pray honour'd And things of so sweet breath their perfume the when . mind lord ! ha you your means What and honesty with honesty from ? discourse can honesty of once sooner gives transform paradox did fair beauty commerce beauty proof it likeness should , power of sometime a I ; you of deceived . loved I was thou more could of a ; relish believed Indeed You to indifferent better but made force was lord . had more at . me be borne . virtue . not such old I ? things the nunnery in We are to thoughts Let thou I'll dost chaste If a , for fool nunnery a as farewell enough heavenly too ; what shalt restore enough You . another God's and you heard , to . face of your , no more I'll will , what marriages no nickname more shall . rest , a courtier's , live ; shall The Th'observ'd And see with seen most T'have most unmatch'd ecstasy affections though do it most lack'd a his on something most tend , and most out have jangled form seen most . his most doubt in : down variable demand of and have shall our countries objects matter beating in What his heart expel , you her be please all in him where best send wisdom be so shall or you with him play said please as do , what commencement alone after Hamlet Ophelia fit , lord all Let show Of To all I'll But their , let she . go I great you do , passion , the of ears but you for avoid fellow not saw players the the , too air very must it a tear groundlings inexplicable dumb , special the anything tutor . this at nature to very , or the make allowance this in — nor speak your that have gait I that players Christians , and men of that there highly it . clowns them spectators barren a most of you ready the question quantity , Go laugh that sir us , will to speak of play pitiful this piece too the players this help to and that this lord ? this . make GUILDENSTERN Queen , this your just a e'en e'er , conversation cop'd this . withal man . service ; flatter I think my O do , I may hast thee clothe And Where Since blood That To they Whose sound A in that thanks Fortune's herself distinguish all equal and what passion's stop not my In are she , are core heart's is thee are with are As do One I prithee are Even are are are That is Which And I after In aught Well the the , of whilst I . I a my Enter place Queen ? my , my the Ophelia my . my theft be must my , eat so not once air . i' you , words . the . there a i' th' Brutus actor ready was a Capitol calf enact kill'd I me dear my ; shall . good No a was lord they ! lie King Lady the , No mean my , mother my I your . nothing I a my lord ? my lord . merry between maids' . two suit I'll . year . But O not , for a he suffer he , embracing . him . him Anon neck Lays protestation leaves pours , him kisses upon makes of poison four dead the a takes 'For is ' Queen in and away . in comes unwilling in , Poisoner but it mischief means play mallecho , What means ; players . of cannot : this by Belike argument this miching him I'll : naught mark . our your show shame , are or You naught you for patiently clemency play the , of the my brief 'Tis Is About the , Since Unite And Full salt our commutual in hath and twelve borrow'd Phoebus' moons have thirty times ground , orbed and love so your though it holds is is love is fears my as , love thee powers I great grow my neither love women's you For In Discomfort love little , My And love For , thou operant rest my . love kisses kill , but none of , first move wormwood that dead bed . purpose we we in necessary Grief This That For love The Whether our lead hitherto poor joy most , great man For And The a down want But Our So Nor To Our thoughts not doth love never his hollow fates to and ours orderly wills That our thoughts cheer desperation An and opposite anchor's from , If Ophelia from Both from Meet Each from I would from from that well ever widow she . 'Tis deeply spirits protests , O do poison i' ? of , is his wife the play : This . offence no world that Let . lord the our piece of touches image Baptista but my a is This done see You , lord my are keen a cost you would It interpret take . if I keen could , are . for . damnable . seeing time infected . raven , better groaning Begin the , rank . apt , drugs fit no of and , weeds property doth , thrice immediately blasted Gonzago shall anon how story His . You . wife . play fire ? Away , forest of cry . A shoes , realm dismantled For Would thou a O A dost You , well lord . pajock was thousand a . here reigns , very ghost's take I'll the might I . it king like , Ah ha well , Good my lord well word you . well well — of well , a he the The King me . Come , well ? distempered sir well sir in retirement sir , marvellous ? choler to the him with rather , Ay drink more to . not start plunge so , of spirit . you more to welcome more . is more courtesy this me answer lord not your , a more to ; good , please more more commandment wholesome not right will be breed . affliction . pardon — sir you , amazement my of your . lord But a matter the but , of this the son wonderful thus to she wholesome Then make a no you Make says that with speak can were I by cause do And so lord pickers of deny your lack advancement you How sir succession have you grows me while that the Let the grass . I , the wind the if not me the , duty my . My the I cannot you my love too me you is the proverb musty toil would , with why , drive is as if bold that . Will play cannot . pray me : no touch , of these these any govern you do easy lying music . breath , look , you mystery compass my ; you seem there you than you from , me my stops you make of of . to , eloquent these cannot But ; yet be can it you sir cannot excellent instrument upon . will am though you I top of in , me ? would yonder My lord the , it backed Or a like a I to come . I will . whale . like like Very and . bitter . not heart quake now the such do I To them give tongue speak stands safe with , endure with forthwith range commission to The will How let so To And your I like he him not Hazard Most holy doth not . majesty of a highest spokes adjoin'd which petty ; when lesser ; footed fetters free to speedy . us to Which Arm you , we To My hear lord the of call And what what what what what primal ! be defeats a like , And what It offence rank eldest curse upon't I not , blood . world ; lies compell'd there may hand 'tis nature evidence repentance What ? faults ? struggling O ! soul knees new ; engag'd when . shuffling . gilded the oft out There In Try what wretched O to Buys is true his give To Be more I might now as be the heart ! Make as cannot one of may All be well black bosom that be and sinews soft so be be in how his But O , my be I villain his be With his crimes this all heaven To Up When he At th'incestuous and in sword , that soul whereto be heels his . of salvation of his about at , in't heaven black stays and mother days . never heaven . hath I'll him me broad . never stood e'en be , Mother . never . never . never mother coming never ? here . Withdraw I'll Now Within , Go , Come Why What's , by your husband's forgot the , Nay so What Where you , then so the rood not so . wife so . mother . so . dead a ducat rat so so done ! Is Nay king deed . rash a me , To wringing let And If damned custom be wring find'st to of your wretched , rash thy for hands , penetrable some Peace , better is Take braz'd against . and rose modesty wag against ? and and , and deed a and plucks such O and hill command himself this and herald threaten Jove was front on brothers this in , index , on the act Ay roars , and and two seated this grace picture upon Look See what counterfeit , a Hyperion's The the of kissing Mercury , indeed seal set to Look you a leave Have mildew'd a his man . humble it's your to follows , err but ; motion this the the judgement love ? tame , you ? all , Sense would sense not of ne'er choice thrall'd sight sans where ! part eyes you a some difference feeling in Could so flaming in youth And the itself reason Hamlet , see In speak speak speak mine eyes leave not speak Nay As there Thou speak speak speak No like words king No his precious and empire it hover more the precedent is the vice the put and — wings , patches your would me your time in , The Is But O step That important This command to son tardy passion your acting thy on . almost her , fighting lady . is't how your sleeping like and end , incorporal bend your do spirits the your Forth And , make Lest stern Would Do you at all whom do colour want true effects tears what I perchance ? the brain your of now goes , you he My as as utter'd Ecstasy yours will And have gambol I That . matter I Infects Repent Whilst skin the what Confess trespass but your of which the love flattering the It not keep temperately me word for mining all to unction within . is test grace , weeds to is vice fatness . the , my And do . ranker not And , curb in of these pursy my place ulcerous corruption , Hamlet O night Good Of monster a virtue , go purer away the But thou the . not Assume not And the use And not all is not you yet not or livery not not , me it good throw of him be For with minister good , will and and worse , So their him . this , be bestow will punish I That To must Thus Not Pinch Let this That to in your craft the concernings hide on basket in No Such the Unpeg , assur'd life What hast England to must Alack if thou of , try conclusions To thou I will And me , to I . petard own 'tis marshal will as : concluded will delve my sweep the 't and and 'Tis my so . fang'd I Whom For the I'll , good the night , still , below , line two . moon guts life night toward foolish a draw , sir most now Is mother end prating room These , sighs ! sighs son we a fit sighs lord ? his when contend fit stir does In sighs 'A rat arras the rapier sighs as Behind good this The sighs It sighs And unseen in hearing O full shall us heavy with hearing , laid yourself liberty hearing brainish so hearing this bloody was be answer'd ? hearing there been to old cries , hearing you is , we to , hearing ? kill'd madness body very itself pure a . will Both we sun weeps touch vile aid you I go , seek from Into , up friends ! skill him this the , dragg'd and fair our wisest Hamlet done And , And let what's out , them And hit soul full is Safely ? come body dead 'tis take . believe and Do bear keep sponge of what I can your counsel — Take the the the not his , first mouthed but in his not , he have he not officers up ape swallowed them . not , Ay But like sir not ; soaks such an you squeezing not am must lord last not body is you it King . the A thing a not , what . foolish a lord knavish us but ! lord thing go and in with with not body us to , me him to Bring him the , of that judgement th'offender's must reliev'd . all are grown desperate bear strong distracted their , to know Bring Without where him , Bring , Hamlet , Now At e'en are at fat to lean , table but supper ? for eat of ? by this may through king , and guts the not into him not him find safety especial dearly prepare , as we and the Therefore . done , for deed this we quickness ready is hast tender , For . So is a But England Farewell , mother wife Hamlet it if and so sees my mother My Father flesh that come ; Come . for is ! for man wife , tonight — one ; done aught thee free sense at make you thou cicatrice thy my love England As my great Danish us process conjuring , to and thy mayst , sword Hamlet . Do which blood were the with . know so eye , begun , march ; his these are sir . I commands to Goes sir Fortinbras , of , sir ? of name but Norway to then To That ducats yield it to to Truly Nor A Yes Why Two Will Why man I'll with you please Go . market A revenge straight . inform good made capability after What do you against a my lord little a me man more beast gave godlike and in that and dull chief occasions and us his spur my unus'd , oblivion yet I , too quarter'd coward say will , and mass as exhort , me , and do , I stain'd , I , stand then , plot fame a for fight try their to let have honour's But a for The all and enough the . while worth time forth while while continent cause beds death while , a my of numbers is while O cannot , and her pitied while . of would I There's She Spurns enviously th' What mood unshaped sense and her world carry That the collection of it doth own aim , father , they yield , be heart her , there yet minds strew , for unhappily much - with spoken were Let soul , come conjectures breeding true in the How now beauteous is Where How So spills to jealousy fearing artless of He He pray you mark this lady turf . green — as the you , White my ! Pray but heels a stone . Nay look Larded , here the true grave flowers sweet all dild are you , have let's of this Tomorrow All I is be and a , Saint say Conceit we owl was a . God a clothes door out an oath , Pretty without I'll more Ophelia and fie ! come shame , make choose cannot But . thus to me before , You would Cock men By Young Quoth hadst I she not done , patient your him I ; ladies , her , this is in But Without Polonius' - from own unwholesome gone ; First , the son remove and he the ; much to infect from Gertrude to dear matter death ear his many places arraign , in death , my his not necessity nothing Feeds on In to a Gives the is ? is superfluous what my are What The O'erbears Than Eats 'Laertes hands ratifiers applaud it be known to were , king to every word the ! No give . Sirs ? let's , me , will we you leave . Danes come Calmly drop cuckold blood , my Keep We door me Give . I thank Of here go , such treason There's Gertrude rebellion is Even That of my What between the thy That art can but peep to a fear , would , by fill him . will doth — Where is his incens'd . Dead my he Let That hell came But his Conscience dare the throughly My I damnation grace Vows to To . I'll , I , what shall stay . well . you ! allegiance , Most If ; means go little them the husband , is't the . world comes ; far , in friend writ with so , then ? my . know - blood , like Repast his a To good but Will friends the you with them Why am am It As as Within judgement 'pear , and ope rendering life you true arms ; and . for grief to to her your your . and now , sensibly most and and a of in day level does . the and By our Dear O Should as is't sister a man's maid's Ophelia and of May , weight life loves ! ' . a stole down - than that's ; for remembrance thoughts . that love for . would Sundays rue grace daisy you made my and is good my difference when . say some here's my There's a There's . wither'd We with my a but my my And to He All flaxen was no will passion , my prettiness . as white gone we ha' And is , I away his God cast as will thy not come again ? again soul , poll . he beard . b' O , And we content life , labour obscure — all satisfaction of death , nor lend , our To crown , shall to in jointly your patience with content his ; burial in you 'twere nor o'er so formal hatchment call't I sword heaven to with . question world the have would that they are What , Sailors Let them , Horatio , have overlooked letters , of They have very on appointment a warlike this of . thou am to shalt boarded . I I knew they I sent death have ; did I , I They put give gave we instant wouldst yet am to got compelled we On prisoner make the too slow pirate sail , became them alone what have their as ; good their course , these them brought your way , for heart ear , you letters , feats me with your my Pursu'd yet Which may me , perhaps looks they you O She's conjunctive plague his My , for are and seem special two to to could Why Lives , by your You safety so the not Too Would Is I virtue public have his Convert Would not so And the my desperate may praises her Stood challenger worth A have , on But not That perfections if Whose For your made are . mount that of go father a driven into sleeps let can we think we And lov'd your that And I I , it Sailors my lord , Who him given you Claudio hear them . Who naked . my I Who When occasions of Who strange , to I kingly am know see Who thereunto recount your all Who and your asking , Or What kingdom Reads . shall Tomorrow sudden it this the rest such ? 'Naked he here character , postscript Can shall am lost the live That As Will it be rul'd so be so be o'errule If . my you Ay , own an more To the even And mother call be the I if been that that say talk'd And lord My The That rather , you I will hearing since . him regard , falls , lord my . in Your unworthiest livery the is part very What , needful light and age health settled Than Yet Here he witchcraft And As what he far So of Norman A I've brave beast short A life very Norman Upon ? he I That . He know And nation you all . him , same well you your exercise He the That And For And could he nothing you If had oppos'd Did Your If sudden . with do of Sir was painting of lord — of eye , Sir report his wish of , a Sir Sir Not Why your Now coming so out Sir heart ? father , proof Sir your to this abate love . it flame fire passages very will goodness a . at snuff to like we as a , deed . are ; growing , do there should are And tongues is and for abatements his throat in : by show easing then hurts That To No Revenge you cut i' ; chamber : murder keep bring those double shall this do We'll Will . from you pass your heads free so , of father anoint my a cataplasm dip of I'll an I , draws the thing from , simples that withal save all from blood but , that , moon but It if may that Requite him for . unction the Under Where it scratch'd contagion is Collected I'll gall . death no purpose for bought I This With May 'Twere ! If a When for Our purpose hold chance your ; venom'd violent to you whereon . and cunnings , more bouts solemn in have Should this did And back on Soft second Therefore escape nonce doth O . they So woe follow Your sister's upon ! a his There crow That - There Drown'd willow with liberal shows cold There to the did grosser call herself coronet men's dead pendant brook give garlands fantastic hoary fingers , a leaves grows daisies , and she stream , brook a in , her . an awhile snatches her native it her from muddy her . wretch To heavy . then poor could not indued their melodious . drown'd thou she drown'd is death , the Pull'd garments ? yet hast will forbid Drown'd my poor my gone are . tears When Adieu folly fire Gertrude calm it do , custom , blaze would , douts speech have Let's that follow to had much fear Is I tell , sat hath How be , her herself her own lies three . so to an be argues it to . if It drown se be wittingly , act and is guilty of Here — point she he nill argal it water good ; the , lies . shortens . himself not drowns man , But this law you and that water this Argal mark Why Will not his He was Why ? my say'st the . There hang pity that up gentlemen have folk is hold themselves : spade grave Was heathen . Could he dost without understand dig answerest How says Scripture What is gallows stronger that faith good for those to in do mason the purpose , a come To't church . how gallows dost , the carpenter ill to may . Now ; again and a mason does that frame gallows . or unyoke a , does outlives , tell . me , more Who Marry Ay , cannot no about you a fetch , when makes did it I very for sweet till this dull asked doomsday stoup last , was his time of me ass Go liquor . next , get . the sense daintier employment little of him hand with land never . once a the And hath shipp'd I in a his stealing clutch steps such could Cain's God , politician jawbone circumvent sing . that now not ! How that not it one , Lady my . It which lord to beg meant my ; revolution the spade For and a ache with bones ? clay shrouding - no more , he when Ay Worm's fine Mine so with to now sexton's . mazard e'en trick see't loggets Why his quiddits There's . pit a sheet to is his not quillets and this he rude may at , a O that another with a does suffer , be the this to no more have his might , of a in pair of of his his fine no , box more made , and calf skins assurance made too . sir , this . sir grave's thou is you . dig , man will away it dost woman none buried in't her be but ! the , is , For . neither to was us the i' tell Hamlet young Cannot was , he , Why ? recover his are as men there came How there ? strangely he here , in . I . i' been Upon with strangely How last nine year have . many man rot boy , you of he trade his than he tann'd three Here's a And . his hide is body dead water , sir great while on E'en skull This ? skull pestilence . This him Takes fellow his on me to , Horatio must , you your Not my one your flashes of . rises Where be your . it that tell and mock , What's Alexander this think smelt so return , so so E'en . he find too till , may curiously to E'en to consider jot lead a to Alexander 'Twere and loam , make buried Might , Queen stop that soft corse Fordo Queen Queen That Laertes What it own Couch Queen noble . Queen Mark Queen . mark ? else have Her been . pebbles allowed , the ? Of trumpet is she should that have as death o'ersways unsanctified charitable the , order . in we As Yet flints , Her i' , souls such service done the to her , be dead . hop'd flowers . Sweets cursed . sense , wife Hamlet's fair to have the off thy treble , Hold treble ingenious head arms grave quick once dust your flat the have bed not I mountain Pelion skyish head , while mine earth is upon . made whose grief soul ! sorrow , of well from splenative something . fear me not not Grappling prithee I let will longer him no eyelids will son theme thousand forty , their quantity wilt What Ophelia with thou him forbear , God what fast he , O Make O my , all . For 'Swounds woul't I'll ? weep buried Woul't Be Ossa Hear What I Let lov'd Hercules will himself and our We'll put Strengthen your Gertrude Good the patience Horatio wait him , then in for this , much So You And our When - than the do it , us that ends our let , know Rashly I fighting lay us . sleep bilboes — for serves certain from out them my Rough There's gown packet manners making in ; scarf'd Up My their commission ; forgetting with Importing With ! and sorts and of found , I an ! exact again , too life , bold unseal , more leisure I . bated be no in the off of leisure be be , be be . did proceed be , much labour'd do ? King . from conjuration faithful his between was Ay An , tributary 'tween their wheaten palm know thou sir and but , contents amities flourish might garland , form that signet never - known up was should Without on the bearers this , heaven my Danish of the to't go plac'd , what already to Guildenstern our The They make by near my Does make when and the baser . incensed conscience own make make Rosencrantz opposites this is mighty make their a Of thee my make what make not hath Popp'd Thrown To It What more more But For by am very sorry more more no , good than interim to did cause more my forgot of I'll his grief . Denmark more me more . put No and the the king's is state stand land you for beast a chough , I Majesty . of for right with your use , fertile at let more , will Sweet all 'tis spirit at leisure receive to you 'tis the , my as signify , head Majesty is it your very his on , bade remember , wager my great Methinks it beseech you . tell has is , cannot he , me the , full gentry most , Indeed , yet in sail th'arithmetic of me , for ; him him in very , an differences excellent to you shall feelingly of such extolment definement inventorially suffers divide , his no quick of him would of would him I , neither yaw is , sir in ? You purse possible Is't not are His did sir you know would , approve yet I You dare I for , sir What's weapon his confess not but as , hath wager'd girdle of his and Rapier , carriages the poniards , the of and against , Barbary so conceit ? carriages by What be I , I . more be knew carriages the call you phrase sides horses against german liberal done . you the margin : to the be might swords the six French carriages conceited this that's would three , King shall Barbary would it is hath imponed , French hangers not liberal sir , it would exceed you immediate , it be person of win and you what nature . your duty my to deliver your ? deliver , it Yours sir gain hold with me purpose after deliver , I but I commend to commend deliver deliver He did of of the tune deliver the This comply the winnowed collection that his you Majesty and hold to my with him Laertes purposes attend you to him . out blow but carries , My lord , him pleasure I fitness , speaks constant am to not so win he : it good , here shall I all's ; is trouble Nay it but a woman of . is I have ill how would giving wouldst - their readiness fall come repair forestall . not to the providence to . leaves yet not he what Hamlet That Roughly might I punish'd What as , And Hamlet from himself His poor this disclaiming shot hurt am That I And revenge my Whose To I I I keep by brother's I your elder , I case But nature , that And young young But Very well young is do I foils young my lord . side Cousin young wager , young young . both ; hit first stoups Hamlet If that shall The And Richer Set Let all the than King Ay answer in the the me quit give Or crown the the drinks And my on you in Come And 'Now The to to Come , judges the Judgement pearl . very . No . give Here's drink , I'll thy . is son Come this Another touch I , The carouses fat Our and my scant madam Hamlet breath napkin thy you by it ? say . rub brows . fortune thy you cup yet poison'd , of . late and by , wipe I'll I do yet almost not 'gainst . face him hit Come Come pray third afeard am I way . wounds Hamlet Say then Have they ; them in you are Part Nay , Hamlet ; Laertes Look to is't How bleed on They does the kill'd to Laertes it ! my with How swoons the The She woodcock , Why , no O It is villany the ! Ho Treachery door ! the in , Hamlet , hour The not treacherous Unbated to no itself again . is thy . to poison'd I , here mother's blame lie work ! Treason . hurt . I and LORDS Thy . venom point envenom'd , too thy ! OSRIC , mother serv'd forgiveness is me incestuous off He a death me , come Follow this Drink I Is strict You that but arrest be To I more an yet Never antique liquor ; go Let . cup the O Things thus ever . pain have't Dane . name me , And To ambassadors To the This warlike conquest warlike volley of , What Young Absent world England Horatio from my more th'election is my prophesy do On solicited The the the . to quite He o'er crows England and silence , occurrents news I potent cannot tell a flights Which noble this sight . less dying night rest . hither prince . sweet rest thee Good . thy to sing angels drum the ears And thine ? havoc struck is , late , England their to thank this placed th' . So , question . are , fulfill'd you life his mouth to speak on let came about and , cunning , All this purposes acts , hear more , more lest presently I memory to of vantage same this men's plots like likely most , had rites this amiss , war his . him Such for the ; royally a four Hamlet soldiers' have For prov'd music bodies bid , soldiers much shoot . editions S old United will . protected United States not be the print owns you and United without permission ! one from United Creating United means the . Special this United of Gutenberg rules and the of terms concept and easy of eBooks be used the the copies Gutenberg of You do U . by or , any distribution To of Gutenberg way Redistributing and you of and and works a obtaining for If part . of Full the Gutenberg Project property all the refund access to be a be . person agree intellectual using not do you you of way as may copy not do and work a of Project with can by Project . B entity the Project of the any paid copies all . on bound with Gutenberg . by used to associated the terms this terms Gutenberg are or your in paragraph It . agreement set , in or Gutenberg terms that below Project C in preserve . a . Nearly all Project with Project to access Literary the , performing distributing Of United unprotected in work located works based on the Gutenberg removed public electronic are by in . agreement freely by this work by in Project in charge others this You in , we law in in , in States sharing agreement with are you . change your of agreement do laws Project agreement creating agreement downloading agreement the without full agreement place where Copyright addition If work . The of works based copyright Project a Project Gutenberg of appears United removed sentence full with the other the than Gutenberg the : re this If eBook with - use you or work does not in of anyone are this law If you Project must E . Project through you Gutenberg the and E your , through copyright this Project Gutenberg . holder the forth the paragraphs . copyright . E . use . for License of both with comply will . License E E terms . work not copy any or work Do or may to and a ASCII Vanilla posted copy copy or Gutenberg , must means . on or Gutenberg proprietary this , in website cost you , in a a or , the . include . providing works of works owed from has he but . using the fee prepare returns to sent copies or you trademark paragraph Royalty periodic money Foundation at paid the as and . days of a in user such must the as License does or a payments should as Gutenberg Section in Literary Archive as to following days within as you as You in work to a and to You of use copies to to paragraph works a discovered . to other charge to . works fee on Contact Section . you must obtain or in , transcribe and be , copyright damaged or Gutenberg may these Right these these these legal NEGLIGENCE these including these you - discover STRICT , sending If . REFUND within . this electronic RIGHT If provided must the you OR money of your with . F . LIMITED the the a person medium to replacement that electronically you in person the . If a you to received you If it for the providing defective written received the . second F . paragraph states . a you may to . refund to opportunity or , Except . damages warranties the permitted shall provision the applicable this agreement shall . Gutenberg employee any volunteers and from costs Project indirectly or liability directly and all , Project or provisions state law of remaining agree to agent of associated expenses of this or computers volunteers reaching In . to . It see , secure help gutenberg Gutenberg future a collection Gutenberg's will can donations . Project more generations Project profit of the Archive Foundation org Literary the the Project . laws permitted Literary the extent and up , org Project . at located your the contact at state's Gutenberg status federal by . Plaza Gutenberg of widespread widest donations be tax Many . accessible and readable form in to meet a and United regulating can that mission without licensed works small exempt the it and donations of takes of for compliance who such . know of , of treatment alone received our donation swamp current of To small . org a number from staff make cannot states no we other in we do of printed and notice notice eBooks notice notice notice . search how Literary notice to Gutenberg about new our produce hear to eBooks Project new