. King yourself . Who's there Stand ? Stand . hour Stand . Long answer He Francisco Stand , thee Stand . 'Tis heart at had Stand to Get struck . quiet bitter this Have am thanks relief . you sick stirring . a mouse . to , Stand them If you Give to the . Dane ground I I do watch Marcellus ? haste . there is Who ! ho . Horatio . of A Barnardo is has , what Horatio , Holla What , Welcome Touching this dreaded of to appear again assail , That may , Tush let us not says will Therefore let belief take , this along us . all of , it that , of t'illume now his course that's night Well What we When we made same us fortified have sit And let hear speak down from part beating — myself comes dead it where , Horatio it and . again . it be harrows Question fear wonder would thou It . Horatio warlike buried . a art with Horatio . offended is it and ! fantasy and you ! speak thee ! will than ? this believe ? look ! art mine ! it As Such ! might tremble ! So he in ; on't King parle combated he : angry the . jump When martial He twice With thought down strict daily such and me of of for task knows , observant tell he by this dead I to most the of the Does Why Why sit the to particular In my eruption strange what Good be is't Who might some and Sunday same , why this not the , At And such least Doth Did slay Did forfeit , Against with ratified Fortinbras on in ; even goes I ; now most so Fortinbras of Our us Hamlet pride compact conqueror , Fortinbras cov'nant , full here the esteem'd world , to and ; by this His That terms to doth stomach in't appear unto which to mettle a diet by those take hand no enterprise resolutes some , lost the main compulsatory recover well and As hath So his it Shark'd food a For ; us strong , other this foresaid our And of , rummage and most tenantless the and trouble the is is our Well Comes it be that watch question it no mind's , blood of fell , stands , In was As with trains of ; influence the to the eye sun in and the fire gibber and whose even As But cross there If If it heaven hast thou , behold thing and , to good do , prologue Have Was And Which If Or thou which Stop of Speak if in the womb in may country's fate speak speak grace to me avoid , speak speak it ! partisan speak speak , majestical so invulnerable mockery malicious crew when our is the the show a the , sounding the heard . throat warning and . fearful to , cock have trumpet ; fire and And or . morn guilty speak started is day of the hies summons and , in , herein air to it then It Doth Awake Whether sea confine This god or . of lofty the ever birth that of night to the charm planets ; clad believe celebrated no , hill it time in part seen have high by to dumb , Unto But The nights we o'er the up what ; So No do't , in to shall I my tonight him morning . conveniently duty know our death kingdom woe of brother's befitted whole . Attendant one discretion in hath sorrow , that our on our now , our Together Though nature , brow sometime , With we in of be memory bear green , grief with we Your With along to Holding weighing , auspicious That with remembrance this and , brother's of those of to fail'd Colleagued He Lost Importing have dole , worth our dear thanks much this purpose valiant surrender So time of , that are you , his nephew's ; full and herein to him , here young rid this lists of , that Out For these let CORNELIUS nothing we haste ; Farewell Giving it all no further more commend and your articles allow the duty show . VOLTEMAND dilated you That We : your , asking Laertes , Laertes you farewell , the not thou What . You told And shall head voice speak of cannot your lose You And The Have you must I now Your Upon his Yet My thoughts seal'd Laertes and me ; But And thy fair best my I now give I hour do He beseech spend , you thy am too on the . thy like thy I kin ; time you ! and clouds , for common eternity that , lives the with thy for all to . vailed on lids dust noble eye not ever father in it , Ay 'tis through common it Why so thee . grief , eye , seems , of man . moods the solemn good black breath in of haviour customary Nor Nor Nor the the river mother not , fruitful within are that me can But That To In lost and give you father do obsequious filial To , obstinate stubbornness It impious , and will lost trappings For what A shows Take it As any should heart the We he , dead ? to Is most must vulgar thing peevish a , 'tis fault ; cried today throw of of intent earth , love our world our heaven , father dearest corse , nobility For to school . immediate who ' and the your his bears our our and to comfort thy the cheer retrograde most the And that less for let This unprevailing woe Wittenberg of bend , I Let Our in Here chiefest lose ; prayers you Madam of . to not with mother It In going we No the the health my thee I to heart unforc'd accord Hamlet . come whereof ; tell , would ! O God ! dew . shall shall , Come heaven Denmark in grace bruit melt God to ! unprofitable and this an flat . not ! nature not in world , fix'd ! much ! woman is a him — garden this mother she reason , month married even father's name old , earth and on month , hold . your ! must : well . I my , forget . poor And The such dexterity to incestuous it , to to , make that And what Marcellus you I'll your or Horatio truant you even lord faith good you from your enemy ear you do — my Wittenberg ; sir . truant know affair in Elsinore , report are deep your ere say . lord violence . my me see , was not Indeed I lord I lord Thrift Did coldly do it my met that dearest follow'd hard foe day seen furnish , I I — had Or My Would to Where In , my ; was I saw him a look take all his him ever eye had my in . eye king for all eye yesternight eye . eye eye . father my Upon . exactly , with your their me I a father For With Two nights Barnardo and let . witness to you gentlemen on marvel This Marcellus encounter'd slow Within Almost dumb and them they , good , This the made impart not speak and : act of surprised - the jelly In and ; Stand I with deliver'd By him night . deliver'd platform it watch where deliver'd methought did speak : deliver'd ; did yet , it made address speak deliver'd morning as we father your knew not where you deliver'd ? this ? none But My Itself It motion , it in our it none none do To even to none very know sirs , but down in none our . none my and none We , you lord my top we live think it writ Hold Indeed of foot toe head , from lord , he he , sorrow in than his face beaver wore in anger . What fix'd And or It . very , like I constantly been there I have one would had much might . it Stay'd I was silver'd as sable . saw't haste MARCELLUS While His beard watch will seen again 'twill warrant I ; grizzled I , was It Perchance have hold have else And Let And I'll it requite the shall loves twelve ye . tongue no but So still . this should fare , to as ! were tonight silence ; will men's you , you to the them . winds give , and the you that of , benefit as necessaries , let are convoy For violet The not in a , A , trifling a suppliance but No does No , sweet of youth ; mind you , he loves and , fear you besmirch ; must not ; lasting nature , minute so . more , withal . service no more no weigh'd now The greatness of wide For Grows And and , is not Carve Unto head ; himself sanctity the his he Whereof And The must his if state , do persons on this yielding far is and act particular of loss main As May Then with your To the it or ear Denmark ; desire further . her chariest the , heart his not of : spring be beauty is danger strokes , fear near of and rear the to your sister dear of fear , 'scapes maid galls shot . in and morn itself , canker Too Whilst shall . of my blastments though thorny . good . good none . safety then I . O like the . I stay , And a some as not Do Show . long . is Laertes . sits stay'd character wind And And thou any thy thy with no thoughts but thou thou his means your aboard friends new quarrel may with no , Beware . in of adoption steel you memory tongue vulgar by , Be each entrance to a , in apparel they do palm hatch'd dull not Nor familiar unproportion'd thy thine fancy oft France in a Neither most oft and friend ; edge dulls But not man's express'd Give Take And For Costly that censure proclaims a both every Farewell humbly invites your servants Farewell go leave season lord well . day : true the husbandry own the this blessing , you lock'd my and . of it key . tend my , the memory to , What 'Tis And in is't Marry If he be Given Have 'Tis he So , told he private What , he : I so the , not — you been , he it he Affection , to of daughter affection Of , hath is it behoves Pooh my Give late . girl tenders should . green many made me a true dearly fool love a with . them ; think , pay more the of you'll know . to , lord , making - both From fire for take promise more blood the , Giving in You Even something not hath fashion , Ay , With Ay When the it your of scanter in given vows you to is extinct , him . at entreatments parley light their tongue to , burns the must Than not believe his your Be Do As I words beguile implorators for are , he tether so And mere better of their In be may Believe much with dye and This of give I talk , from your . Hamlet , air The charge or , is hour cold . of . season wont then ? his takes rouse lord . the near . down bray ; his trumpet the to The born Ay manner headed tax'd of native and tonight doth King - he Keeps as kettle my And This heavy traduc'd our to Makes They and it some in Since So As by , habit , one , of — much o'erleavens ; guilty not in attribute at they reason pure Fortune's star ; complexion , evil doubt take as , corruption defect or be man may The substance his Doth that the To own scandal , Be , com'st thy thee spirit ministers and Look my lord thou Thou , royal Dane . ignorance in burst Have That Bring That up again ponderous , burst ; saw Hath cast will Be I such call shape ; O I'll , quietly marble may the glimpses and , in death ! reaches Wherefore ? this thus , horridly So why beckons go Making It waves Look But if As It impartment you to not no ground it with away to you To No Do I do will I should my again toward the That if not , thing life fear itself to ; what soul Being It there your Think of reason , my horrible sovereignty madness into very Without And beetles The Which What to dreadful sea , my go you assume o'er Go shall waves me still thee . out ; rul'd hardy am By Be makes And I call'd I Go on , obey . of thee him me lets fit state Denmark come . this of follow wilt , let's . and is I ? poor myself up will I My come tormenting . flames ! almost hour to , Pity bound What thy certain for thou am I revenge to walk the . unfold shall , To Speak to And a confin'd to father's away of start to freeze am nature days in , spheres , unfold list ! unfold on unfold — list not soul tell unfold I harrow two each particular hair tale secrets the this and ! and unnatural unfold murder unfold end part swift wings . is father , itself shouldst I And given ; Now , the so out by Is Murder serpent 'Tis That find or meditation May thou stir stung not Rankly that this sleeping , crown . father's . thy youth ! noble Now With witchcraft wit So O The wicked to From was falling a hand incestuous won off virtuous the have there . queen ! uncle his , a made I those But lewdness though And be Sleeping I methinks on . custom scent the morning air bed my afternoon sate itself garbage . a a as with dignity to , orchard radiant it heaven ; never a it celestial ; of droppings body blood whose did the vigour it it eager wholesome most blood with . So , instant about crust , it into as gates a vile queen brother's at a body alleys enmity leperous Thus , the , even reckoning my account , by , but imperfections horrible , crown my smooth disappointed All and curd like : most ! thee bed Denmark horrible sin , hand lodge at . adieu O you , to adieu . my you And prick The Against thy sting in her to near fire well , thou bear Ay all I of heaven Adieu What , old ! by ! villain it set brain , it and it , pernicious . of , seat a memory records pressures ; shall thy And adieu so and smile O commandment I the My least At , tables 'Adieu , most down . Lord Within . So My , there are lord have Hamlet him my ho , ho it lord come ! O . my Good Not it . What say Ay , my once think in . be , dwelling heaven , a villain lord my ; at circumstance more To arrant an But ghost , the shall from ; part shake , Why as as needs And , Look you man your , right without that and I'll they sorry I'm Such are These offend and , wild lord Patrick faith whirling , offence too that Touching but ghost an desire honest much And It your For as , what And , lord We , offence , good , request one . tell , vision here you Horatio , seen make Nor faith not swear't my my , In Nay , so you boy Cries Indeed lord sword lord sworn , upon . cellarage you . Beneath Swear Propose of Never Come ha under hear my my gentlemen we'll lay your shift this you sword my . Then ? Consent to have upon that my by Swear speak heard . seen ? friends good . more th'earth so . wondrous welcome in ! Canst have Swear , O but myself earth it give of before , Here There day therefore , I hereafter bear mercy shall , never you But , might' , we if 'We we , Or know ambiguous pronouncing such soe'er never your heaven stranger in I , and philosophy so shall antic To or , odd an thus perchance list and spirit Beneath mercy speak' encumber'd With Or know' , such doubtful could giving grace you or if note you . would' to need most your at ; 'There and do spite pray , you , So Swear of That May , out lack poor do commend man love on let's born set I in together . Reynaldo inquiry make wisely my , to him money Nay time The Give these his lord Before You well Marry him visit good Reynaldo lord . it My what Danskers . did said and ; expense what , Enquire Of intend and ; means , distant Ay 'twere know him in , but , well him mean so And , But in Take thus you they That may ; I he dishonour such companions youth are him wanton , please and forgeries As But To , ' , heed you , on ; Ay As drinking lord , That's and go it gaming , lord ? him fiery blood , him on ; breathe taints mind quaintly . drift I fetch my that — should liberty of a of the Of outbreak and assault good unreclaimed warrant my on here's , sir you do 'gentleman' ; would , ever party believe Marry Ay these is soil'd him a , 'twere As You laying a converse seen of the you Mark breathe in in you And By sir youth and phrase or you with to According does I was 'closes or in ay ! lord country , leave ' Where — rouse o'ertook : so , enter a Your bait 'I Or Videlicet thus So do of brothel or such tennis' such closes , then There He : 'I know at forth ; not , See of advice you well . you have , yourself his ply him , fare you wi' my . what's And , the of my God ? I in with , Hamlet lord as My As hat with And his and shirt a had out in to gyved loosed hell . before of piteous doublet - I , his comes each his he of speak sewing his foul'd all stockings knocking me I the What but love , his he not goes length and do fear ? purport truly ? said , arm my it arm , so stay'd of shatter seem so piteous he his , me lets As As took end out eyes turn'd shoulder . help me without without bulk , all it perusal of up waving sigh . his to head That his He thrice did over his being it last would — a way go That And , This me . He with doors any given lord afflict As with he his And is violent property will went For No , go Come the the And I good , I am sorry That And be must His did It meant had I To discretion known This it , common as to he thee him not is is I wreck which hide to lack , to close sort . might to , King the . nor . was transformation you have I to did heard thus up brought young of his it hasty nor that That since you your neighbour'd sending , dear use we need The That And To being much death , dream rest so cannot I vouchsafe What should youth in humour , gather us to time from his companies , him within there , hope us gentry . am open'd to hath men please of king's a fits As As To To And Whether That he , as draw , I to the receive profit talk'd . afflicts two lies unknown with , Good sovereign more show Your dread Than lay both in feet Guildenstern you is , Hamlet bent freely , here be To My Thanks bring Heavens you gentle . Rosencrantz some . lord , amen practices our . him . good return'd joyfully of my . good hold soul the , found sure to ; long . have mine I that — cause , trail Hamlet's lunacy so King : my I to of grace , my of and , hear feast . hath . Give that that do we death is no our o'erhasty but all and them the fruit other , to that to he great distemper Thyself tells me sweet , main marriage son's him friends brother good Most But To , found suppress and out sent he against , whereat , obeys impotence more . joy arrests , never overcome crowns to Gives And old him vow an before Highness into better , age in ; Norway Receives To On falsely so That give th'assay of Makes Norway further shown and are safety us , we'll time upon think well down enterprise give this . together business this home well feast set you and more likes consider'd . night your ; took . welcome our What day Go Meantime to rest My This liege should is well to and is expostulate time time time 'tis , less pity , 'tis all . soul the and for to But , with go define outward true noble . call I will be ; let swear , farewell And he Mad 'tis 'tis I will A , is Or For remains say it 'tis cause use foolish art . remains , defect of comes the and , find a it Thus the an , a phrase That's celestial ill but shall the have whilst she , a be ? her faithful the that the Doubt , stay I liar , art have , Adieu reckon will ; to . I machine Thine evermore that , But And in . fire a ill Doubt doth are awhile never thou But Ophelia This But All hath how out above time by more sun , I I dear they fell you man so would think and might on But prove a me it I must tell you think , his honourable . ear mine to given love , wing of do What As When Majesty the mistress is not might Or my I I told , what might - think table with thus love from precepts resort tale fruits a , by a fast make . no his thence this ? this a time ''Tis know . I'd , that 'tis ? fain so , otherwise know . indeed lobby he the , lead find hid were be otherwise , though in the walks try we and not encounter time You Within does my her , sometimes How it an If loose reason thereon , comes both it beseech I How I'll be And be no Away board good reading , Lord good do , does me good me give , good you a a good my lord my fishmonger honest . good picked one good Not I Then I to , have her you walk daughter not me How not may . I said in ; that maggots i' by first . gone th' conceive a — him speak mean What , youth my . was I suffered read grey ? I that gum hams , sir plentiful slave wrinkled which yet sir , yourself potently you , and matter For ; I , most with tree not says read ? here ; honesty as backward madness out walk Though . weak believe , is ? his and pregnant How am though I it method there air ? hits , sometimes reason him and part of leave my , I the not you Will the on I of madness Aside . daughter you my . my . prosperously sir , honourable contrive could My You withal seek life from , well . Polonius to To except dear My My thou , Rosencrantz the ! You go excellent Good As the that On . not we cap in are good friends her not of my shoe ? true , of secret the Faith we she strumpet a privates , your not grown honest the Let of ? favours is . question to is , O Fortune news But , Fortune is news most What which the confines Denmark in one o' being think . Denmark's prison lord ? my , a is there ; 'tis thinking , could your I Why Which infinite then bounded not are makes it a indeed , is dream is a that nutshell the of is monarchs but ambition ambitious dreams hold of so shadow and dreams bad for reason . by and For and th' and I . of am most with upon , heroes it man honest beaten an friendship court ? wait We'll you . not of ROSENCRANTZ I , poor a no ; you GUILDENSTERN you outstretch'd . attended servants ; But you And dreadfully you not you at dear , lord is ; my , too Is it a but way lord occasion thank Come , halfpenny I of rights of and ? better a , our sent whether charge - preserved be for or no . direct by consonancy the you withal love even were me ? me with Guildenstern an off . of . and of and what discovery let conjure you you have , If Nay , lord have . secrecy wherefore and ; frame excellent no goodly and of late I , faculties , a to the know and shall will appears . What paragon ? of an in firmament world your of though dust in , most other piece , to roof a how and : in of action of is ? me' and way tribute shall what the . end man welcome his his make adventurous sigh clown the are receive shall that He lady and of shall the the , those her mind humorous the to such freely Even are or tragedians the halt ; have lover be shall ? better the those were for't shall not profit inhibition same hold the No indeed they chances they it comes How endeavour aerie their children Do I berattle so and are , of afraid Do , Do Do tyrannically the quality children are most common Do clapped eyases of the wonted Do but there , Do cry that so Do now on out call How common can 'em better There player was both on money the in no , away . while too , give Hercules and carry , ducats apiece hundred a , fifty would not , Ay they him for it are out . natural his my while at that make is do is - uncle But outward , welcome lest this the you of fairly welcome . wind the - Elsinore ceremony like aunt . players appear more should are north be hawk , appurtenance Gentlemen garb extent is my , they is hearer . gentlemen , you Happily will prophesy he comes : tell twice come time baby the there and second see is each at of yet , his clouts . an man You — actor in my lord was tell indeed . them child , sir , to for have Roscius to me of I When hither Buzz Upon tragedy . historical . an , poem in O Jephthah of Seneca world Then The pastoral actors the each on for either historical too Why he lord and passing daughter ? ' that old no well on . on lord . I , a not then , God wot , on was know like on look . show For on . all abridgement chanson , comes I am on to face is well I you follows and pass most , thee fly , a at you like since ? my , of when more where . old me in Denmark Pray ladyship , gold , last you piece and welcome . O , have welcome altitude thou friends good , thee last Com'st your a e'en ! of all uncurrent . speak me quality not to't What once , matters scenes no the honest in cried was , but I of down it But . speech for in digested , where , whose thee remember said of Priam's If it live in see method . line let with see me begins resemble , sable arms One thereabout sallets mine as the might as and . slaughter of in indite as make as me speech that Dido in phrase no one it to matter Aeneas' at is Hath With he When rugged It as Now couched in more mothers tyrannous vile Bak'd of in purpose his so : black , the in . and the night whose did the horridly streets light fire , in gore and , sons , hellish in , horse , ominous in smear'd parching daughters dismal Head to foot gules in fathers thus him His where ; wide , match'd and command , Greeks finds well Anon short to to the father falls with accent , good , sword lies Rebellious God , arm drives . blow lo his to seem'd was prisoner to Priam whiff feel Pyrrhus' as a painted rack . against we heavens , see often The never , the in silence hush falls for - work fall sword . forg'd , And With Mars's Aroused And On still thunder pause bleeding Pyrrhus' so anon , the the speechless region as ; a dreadful , Cyclops' Fortune away from ! on take All ; on . her heaven or he say hill of . fiends long — Prithee beard or for shall It Where Run down A all of see sport in and upon that good , for , stood diadem the late A this if But mincing she move milch mortal burst Would instant he And , more at malicious , limbs made all of — heaven . eyes eyes gods . this no his passion them tears you better the your will has speak every according to is after were out bestowed Do of the report much ? less ; well you the players well have while bodikin for they are will lord My should , whipping , After I him me hear Use them use man your better deserve Follow , you a set for I , night sixteen lines could Ay they Dost We'll tomorrow dozen . old You would lord Gonzago in't of not . Elsinore to , My good and not night . You are friends you my , To till Guildenstern wi' that this a it in fiction , that soul in from eyes his own conceit ! I am all whole visage to ? aspect player a to his And conceit , her That he should for What cue with the ? her , For his monstrous so in ? and the horrid drown or he to suiting , passion stage . tears ! do cause peak Yet , would with for he speech king a , of not and nothing and faculties Confound have ? He general guilty the dull A A Tweaks As Plucks To , for gall cannot it be ? across my lie this ere or , kindless ! villain bawdy region does it and lungs take . fatted , vengeance ! am ass the son of , oppression take , the and lack kites , with heart my take should treacherous bitter liver'd ? the , by off take Ha this make all the , offal , take Why , to a - my scullion like upon't sitting take of at brain cunning I by dear a my a About That take Been struck the , though so like That Oh , Prompted a hell I fall creatures have They For With Play him and quick . uncle to course Have murder I'll Before I tent my be a of As Out the devil weakness me the this . The . thing King can Get is to relative he pleasing my play's And More what does But we turbulent harshly him with we When from him bring his on some to no lunacy ? quiet of he He Nor forcing gentleman ? him be , demands disposition keeps true receive he We hear , And - raught the way to but his . certain we of about a Of that players of his him seem did of as to most play before . and all They night With To there This he Good And his , heart , much content me . lord inclin'd so gentlemen drive my , I your . love . Ophelia I way no , espials seeing frankly is do behav'd or his you wonted . so on , book in blame exercise oft you this that The pious much — To action devil . of you both : his to are The Is to the , beautied speech prov'd We such an show ourselves We loneliness That Your 'Tis lash that 'tis O him To , coming be to not Or The take not hear O deed to burden my the nobler . slings opposing - and end more heart Devoutly No ; ache wish'd And of ? to be is dream this There's us the sleep say die ? arrows ? 'tis a . in For That would Must bear ? the who of ? oppressor's have perchance to arms heir ? shuffled . of — ay so the his , love dispriz'd ? wrong whips whips whips that whips traveller Than When he himself might office of merit country bare That The The whips , the pangs insolence whips grunt the others make native us of we bear , dread No whips Thus fly us rather does to , that conscience And of the pith currents . action turn ? awry moment of know of life after hue o'er enterprises the fair Good my sins , and cast not we bourn resolution will whose from many the with your humbly I remember'd great , well yours deliver receive I remembrances you have , now longed I , thank never you rich to . sweet of things the with I lord more right perfume compos'd the ! ha , Ha , unkind noble their so ; these made Rich gifts poor , fair should you My Are if Could can transform honesty translate honesty discourse honesty ? with now . me , did lord it what truly beauty the bawd proof into , my power the paradox honesty sooner for is it That Ay ; than made it of you sinners I old am shape than proud have to to , earth time very us Go crawling do I as Where's home , fellows mother in What thoughts that it put them ambitious honest . nunnery wouldst the ? them thee in revengeful are . to , more not be marry ice thou , him , house my your believe , nowhere but thou lord At shut Let in's sweet this if Or snow him help : well thee go men go pure farewell . give , heavenly , and hath rest I'll more , to ; and have will , a for a nunnery monsters you restore . God ! you , they are here o'erthrown ! you . your I and say but , form down , sovereign fashion rose a the no shall , fair vows , and of . see what feature quite most tongue eye mould wretched , sword the noble soldier's most the , observers Th'expectancy The most ladies honey noble with have seen that form a tend I , youth harsh , most his of that sweet That seen His his do O'er like , affections most I T'have what And Will most . lack'd for which , most danger some be Blasted Nor Whereon of himself beating objects of in though it There's melancholy Was This fashion From For I which Thus determination neglected and , countries seas Haply With brains neglected if hold queen let it . and . what lord you grief fit , all It Let all still What . do his now How us My so show To , commencement you , him think she her it You To And Of be not need We heard ones best ; him conference England tongue the hand , crier you pray , mouth great shall . so for saw the must the not . of lines it as I not your players had acquire It . honour Pray of it many . thus may but it , ears but fellow gently all use give whirlwind . of say may a are capable split smoothness tear O , inexplicable robustious Herod word purpose not the but ; now observance action that time her and the you not Be Suit overdone and to — seen , that and off the the of neither others heard grieve judicious o'erweigh tardy , from profanely , man them abominably , not have it age , I but the make highly which pressure as own . the laugh unskilful her scorn , the accent in the have to and with that For indifferently us , clowns of . that be pitiful of a you Go and question make necessary play then sir . most ambition will laugh speak your lord piece some them quantity on That's that the set is , to more than . in themselves laugh , to meantime the How this work that this my ? hear this too And this and , this , sweet , lord make , the this Bid will As this Here ROSENCRANTZ two hasten . cop'd art e'en think thee good hope but should dear my O Horatio , e'er hinges Why tongue candied follow thrift And Where No and what , not I of For thou distinguish of absurd spirits knee hear , rewards blessed . Fortune's suffering man one Hath dear all so been hast was men well - that man those Give will wear , finger Fortune's for and and her are , are foot King of thou told , are - circumstance the before tonight , are , in are . my of death this are are heart him I are my one occulted a Something thee uncle is do core , when In after I have I mine , play of stithy Vulcan's For It Do damned my not itself . his have his seeming . lord he And whilst I . play the to Get are I my my march They A my i' . my you ; so I , theft playing , my . are not . my you the air . mine eat capons My you , this mine with - crammed : answer , Hamlet Polonius To Caesar I . kill'd now nothing I No , nor did brute part enact was Ay of him to players stay your so ready . the me by , you that upon Come a , shall ho lie , I mean Lady , my lord here's , O I upon , my No King my I in Do you nothing lie between . maids' country . matters man a , What . within's died . my lord be mother my I'll have a suit two forgotten yet Then But , black months ? not else is epitaph horse horse - hope lady then Nay maker my twice two , suffer ? O he takes Lays . of very - then his half shall down him , him and him He , ears in dead four pours . her with , or is Mutes . him the body , and comes away , and seems She three the . accepts kisses seeing Queen lament Poisoner gifts ? but The passionate Poisoner in unwilling this mallecho with him upon her neck Anon , leaves . means play : argument miching this means end some dead his What they what tell tell players of cannot keep the imports by fellow is know or shall We , any the all . show what naught to patiently . a or . my clemency our for lord ring , of gone , round borrow'd with woman's times hath . love beg brief As a prologue Neptune's So journeys count o'er may state of sick distrust , been ground , I be moon late . are my fear grows world , must so is : breast in . rest husband but who first too treason . move ! me but , I believe When we determine , we you my kisses think Purpose you oft husband . break memory the be unshaken But necessary fruit , the unripe like what Most fall What Of , 'tis to in of ourselves to , either or , tree we ourselves grief nor destroy grief the passion they on . sticks mellow validity poor forget debt joy on ; with left flies love , not 'tis our aye revels joy loves lead 'tis is not for , poor The The That The The , a makes love friend tend ; accident fortune to us or you fortune question world most , joys , mark friends yet should For For Our But Sport thou devices thy , turn hope and day second so overthrown husband when my prison the be trust my , joy it face , heaven lock me cheer that well in have me here anchor's and fates do are ends first nor from still thoughts die thy to from Nor An If once give earth from , If she a Ophelia from Both , from desperation would destroy , from of ever leave lasting strife wife it break should fain I here , twain me be Sweet dull tedious Sleep come The mischance thy this ? us you lady Madam , O you The day brain between how Have , heard like protests argument jest poison ; there you but the ? they murder The do Tropically is no jest of it name play his wife o' . not but , the of : a that are , have 'tis . Duke's work Baptista . could puppets to . keen interpret You one , if are You It cost you are I chorus , keen . Pox and time . edge agreeing for revenge creature fit drugs , croaking season , Thou faces you and , Begin , love of . The very wholesome natural mixture is him frighted in estate the choice for's written and i' th'garden my with false fire , lights , me , let the strucken . play All lord How What , deer lights ; some , runs and fellowship me Provincial world with forest away feathers must the must go while hart Lights sir Turk , fortunes For some with This whole A a ; For a not The a , get Would shoes a ? sir . pajock Didst . Damon was a . well might You I'll good , ha the did , I belike he king , O well my then well well Good , The lord well Sir whole me , very well well . it likes Come Come like well King with distempered . well Ay in retirement , my , a , me should No , choler . with more put far more , some into to itself your frame richer , purgation affair . sir , pronounce , choler am most spirit hath to the this his signify perhaps start affliction is courtesy are of , return your If me my and wholesome the right breed do . pardon this , commandment , answer cannot But be mother's shall not will ? I business . What , make wholesome more she your no Then at : matter you to matter to . matter the says were , matter We thus Therefore matter I And matter lord what Good shall My , you ? me your ? liberty with in her Have . you stealers the friend to You deny of once and distemper . the bar the King do . unmannerly a toil the for himself too the play musty something the your . pipe the cannot the drive proverb , I cannot my . it me My easy no give 'Tis thumb . mouth , the finger skill any . with . will discourse most it your would you as it cannot me my , you mystery compass to played you would But , these utterance of . would to this you you me upon what excellent my make of top little though . voice lowest note , you like of sir Queen yonder Methinks is like like weasel would , the cloud speak the is like Or It By it whale . a like a indeed in that's almost , and camel 'tis whale me fool . come by will . will I backed and They so friends blood , day as hell world yawn , Now business I to of night . drink : bosom not mother my to , now let ever and on lose me daggers of tongue in like of England range madness to terms The your along with nor Therefore shall not will it . forthwith , as safe . feed and To Hazard us it mind bound upon and will dispatch prepare is you . lunacies but depend is gulf ; armour Majesty . provide bodies many peculiar 'noyance much the and is many your those keep live and of wheel more , general fear goes will King now Arm the What's Dies The lives you Are Fix'd Attends Each Did pray groan with , but too will ROSENCRANTZ Which to this footed voyage o'erhear , bed should a mother my , And of vantage upon 'Tis as you I'll arras going To , you audience . closet mother's myself tax it said him , home was than . what , what O I'll call what speech Though brother's A both , My what what Thanks , offence murder be where thicker stand stronger what hath defeats my I , begin cursed if What pause in it itself with brother's heavens mercy of ! prayer we ere being And To since which for be past But Forgive ; turn my That Of crown those Can what's Is fault serve My In oft gilded corrupted so murder , retain currents the , the And In Buys true nature , and What rests compell'd . form still possess'd lies ourselves we ? our faults 'tis But . one then forehead repentance can , that it can to wretched state O , steel heart struggling to strings well bosom of wicked prize the seen 'tis teeth and What when soul limed give the , Now All of be now so - What ! and more engag'd might I do it reveng'd I do't his . heaven I With am now took his how To all his And so A audit grossly and circumstance crimes O , that him no that kick , of or his bread of full as who blown flush save then am for ; know season'd of . When Up heavy To , sword fit him with our him And purging I reveng'd : No ? his of pleasure heels may sickly . My . days . up physic That At And , rises . straight pranks have remain . to broad you go never never advances . never him to too him round you Pray Much never Words him Tell heat be hath silence with never . screen'd Look his He that And never come will Withdraw , what's offended matter . mother not Fear you , me him the coming hear I Now , go , question Have Why how now you answer ? tongue Hamlet . brother's not can . And , Come so so What come so would No not so . You husband's to of not ho ! help How so Dead ? ducat for rat a , ho help Thou inmost you so you glass ? wilt thou Help so O , what O A not done hast . What a . Is the good mother . farewell . fortune ! 'twas as a kill As And let If , I stuff penetrable it damned me is be made and bulwark thou proof heart . be to took intruding king for sit you , act so some Take , better too hands your for fool — the against of ? tongue sense me braz'd it so , and not . marriage plucks makes , and and act act the mass religion sweet and Heaven's of face compound at , and deed a glow vows love and doth . Makes such picture presentment grace curls rhapsody Yea visage With Is , thunders sick , solidity thought the against index ? the his , brow , this on of threaten herald to seem did on station this here a a lighted like , the was of the heaven what set a leave mountain fair this on his Ha . love wholesome world god a A husband A a And you is This To your a Where a And a without hoodman would madness ; not devil - without hey You Would waits this for some , not ? is blood : sure , judgement but and what sure Sense ne'er at smelling , eyes , cozen'd such reserv'd apoplex'd But a ecstacy of where matron's be Proclaim doth will burn no shame itself frost When To the speak into . soul , the my and tinct , more black leave to , compulsive Since O turn'st see mine As And Stew'd And In the lord murderer not of sty and A that from And A hover your patches his A part of and ; villain a Of guards you your to ? go by chide . mother thy This command and on fighting amazement whet look step Conceit O Do heavenly he's tardy blunted son time acting How , Speak with is't to weakest , of her thy Alas as , Your bedded to His him Sprinkle him . an , hairs the the your That do you with Forth And air do in the wildly hold discourse end at up stand your eyes of do preaching I have convert me , excrements distemper , this — capable cool , Lest at Nor nothing all away is you he Look father , even habit how it steals . of very This goes No nothing see you Nothing all , ourselves as out Is This ! doth creation is Ecstasy healthful I the That Would And I . Mother re yours from that flattering love of test ; place , soul . grace the time , madness is , within ulcerous madness word Bring . matter . your rank corruption , the skin trespass , the all to is , beg do heart in him worser part of , it leave uncle's half . eat other the to fair , pursy this twain with who all have frock gives custom , use on not next abstinence is habits monster a go mine not my of . or of throw or devil not night out , in not , not not this tonight Refrain is , Assume not That aptly lend The , Once . With . desirous you and and minister . with pleas'd , more to good night , again only and more Thus I And either curb this One bad , do lady good I that I his , you you call pair a cheek of with for And Or Pinch Make The death I be cruel him . worse , word , Not paddling in . queen paddock but craft ravel neck , King shall What bed to fair , and house's famous ape , reechy his matter this your , essentially am good let madness , a , breath breathe to life made , be own if , I of dear birds break , assur'd Be Let breath thou seal'd trust , they two , own mandate forgot his the petard delve with blow And England Alack 'Tis and shall way schoolfellows you , work and to to me 'tis them Hoist now Who most , one the . set guts the two moon me prating knave most and an . with end mother , night shall line was man in Mother Is Come must matter You There's them sighs I have what on your son little , good Bestow What , Ah sighs ; Where these sighs the sighs is the this Mad Which sighs as in The this , the his And sighs mightier rapier good heavy Behind sea and sighs Whips is O to all hearing yourself brainish hearing something , lawless contend ? rat hearing deed threats laid be have Alas you been hearing To hearing unseen hearing apprehension kills hearing . of out providence love he Where , was haunt our , of the He . O We with sun and excuse hence , of body whom O'er the come , the weeps for ! this what base is draw pure madness , done ! slain further , touch away : Guildenstern vile and — aid mean slander blank Whose . the Transports hit woundless shot cannon know , what's his My let level the . our , away come his diameter come the dead Hamlet ? Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ Within What it with that , And where done , to body 'tis lord the may whereto Do What 'tis dust , us bear what Besides lord the son , to be ? his he not a for counsel not I of not Ay them not But soaks officers , when , squeezing glad of it . knavish not shall a foolish . again it his end mouthed . is not rewards . to not , but dry the do must to fox with , Hide — King a with I I speech , body is us ear The after not ! all body ! him . eyes , loose goes find to sent not where He's dangerous Who must And the never like body dead What not Or th'offender's must seem , smooth , desperate appliance pause is get , hath to know pleasure . he ? before ! where bestow'd the Without , Bring , but worms e'en politic Guildenstern him us . Polonius supper . him fat table Now eats at one Alas Not else may man with of progress through a the . worm that alas that of , fed mean thou that fish to but the dost ! a and of go . of by is beggar Polonius , if him ? your to show how you a If th'other , month him seek within To Send For you place thither . heaven i' some this will as come , you seek Go . Attendants . especial — done Ay For is tend , Therefore and England England and , ready . see that sees mother thou . Farewell , for and , Hamlet , and ! England one is mother Thy . come . aught at Pray thereof As , great my leans England Away , for ; him him seal'd . have Tempt my so I'll hold'st thou foot my conjuring , Danish to present After By like the The Our Howe'er my Hamlet process letters death hectic that imports mayst and which effect , rages ne'er England full at it he awe coldly know . Till I blood thou in . sword For must me , 'tis Fortinbras rendezvous us so his with in . eye , march promis'd his conveyance express And Tell Craves his that know the the ; you pray ? powers are some Against purpos'd are Norway , them old Who commands sir of Poland of part , sir Good How against it The for name . not the should in to main sir ? of Norway , with patch in sold be will defend . or twenty it Norway the a no to . fee Pole ducats ! without peace cause straw sir my . th'imposthume debate thousand is Two Will This inward breaks , and much the God man all with my spur And How I'll chief Looking he to good . and Be That feed us ? and revenge Go , in dull his capability thinking parts coward to say , th'event , to thing's on precisely hath , and not , and do wisdom , charge , it not discourse be , whether craven I scruple one do earth tender and such as event , part this too Why at the not fortune Makes Whose Sith To do't have Led an Exposing Witness Examples of divine delicate a by this spirit of my kill'd . quarrel , danger dare , blood I then , while great , plot while see cause while trick and reason a twenty and death , my thousand while my all The , their My while while needs , speak be from the fight , and or O try cannot , enough time . nothing not have indeed ? her with pitied be will heart , doubt is things and beats , yet spoken might in were make would she sure for , fit of it doth gestures and much unhappily may , is . amiss true as her sick toy So To spills It jealousy beauteous the itself strew Dangerous my Each full of How should his By . pray , you song staff one hat sandal what another your true and ? mark . From And , Alas At At Nay a and and ? lady Nay heels — Ophelia mark you the dead head He his his gone , White Alas , Which my was may when . baker's say of words means have they . love with sweet ; grave - the true say do With daughter lady a be at . God Lord table your ask ; you this Valentine's but is no And All Indeed Alack Gis an and By la You I hath she be must . thus him thank you I they An and wed , cannot My night counsel ground . Come , my choose ; to't blame . bed I brother shall coach , hope weep of give her . poison patient good your been ? good , it , author . I pray ; good night , muddied violent slain Gertrude you deep O not but ; herself much keeps his father's containing her fair or death of buzzers in wonder , secret as to of our In good Thick , Her , own in death unwholesome we thoughts inter and , these . in come are brother the Let superfluous door . them Switzers Where my Alack what death to arraign , Gives to ear . O my dear person murdering a In is the The Eats O'erbears And Than , the offices Save as not They How be of not rabble The . of impetuous riotous call him head in were ! tongues king you false Danish to every and props , king be word shall applaud forgot custom the is counter the Laertes Laertes Antiquity Caps O Where The doors Danes let's you ? king pray in . king vile leave me we the will thou . bastard brands unsmirched the mother . my Laertes — would me brow , blood here Cries man ? king a hedge peep Gertrude That There's his Speak will fear like our , father . by : but can incens'd of thus . Let . my him demand not be devil with the juggled . his I'll Vows ? worlds for I Conscience allegiance damnation both To , the Most ; How came hell ; Let my you Good go father's ; the loser death sweepstake ; That ; revenge foe know them ope 'pear , for judgement , gentleman death your does I That As as sensibly to level father's blood . true it It How and Within Let that eye and my - I'll wide rendering and with a speak and shall most grief and ? times and , your her and day ! brains mortal in fine is as , beam as some the thing eye ! salt ? fine — a rain'd ! dove itself a . him - that steward . daughter that's on And - it , pansies for , rosemary fennel for down , and that's . it a We your violets with you love thoughts for you ; you , and O . fitted remembrance ; thoughts , madness remembrance is me , my may my document in they my all . herb my columbines a end I . say made my must some you give would he . joy my , hell my my snow . to , and my and come come is he death - dead bed again . gone soul on , ha' we was was cast is his poll his pray mercy . God and will , you right me whom or your , see God all you shall crown find And content in touch'd If choice And Do deny hear Go your ; all and , us by they Our , you we our to burial , soul your with your we by but his heaven hatchment his it trophy noble give labour lend , content formal 'twere call't th'offence where to nor , Cry be That , rite of bones nor sword they They for you me of . the letters they are Sailors have say . greeted I Let , from part not know him not bless bless too is him for letters , I . King two Reads some chase of alone they of sail very have that please letter if , name , were ; have they too have , have . be England for am I thou too boarded They , when , Let But make thee tell to matter haste the ear in to like our light words repair fellows clear me good where Come and Finding , them in valour thieves thou to I of Now the will bore the I He have the will These their will . direct England : letters , speedier them me , friend , feats these tell in must must you As . But else his , me to may yet Why It almost perhaps his so conjunctive to things . sphere , go bear wood turneth graces might but not . The in and it and reasons much looks plague She's My O Which virtue or Lives That but love all spring to timber'd where so a great the dipping could not a the count general public , I A had aim'd lost , the all go terms desperate noble be made our of You will . sister Stood Break we your beard and shortly stuff for sleeps will teach . dull not and come back of mount on driven shook must danger hear You , now , Letters you we with , more father hope that I This , it think And your from What Who my They Who , Majesty lord Who to Who ; them to this ! Of me them I . Who . brought that Laertes leave Who Or What your beg Who mighty and I first this shall thereunto shall And thereunto a Hamlet's Know some Are asking , and mean should thereunto it 'Tis thereunto I lost in Can warms thereunto is abuse thereunto says me , the live thou him in 'Naked he But heart Laertes diest be so . to and 'Thus my how If it , by otherwise — come sickness ' his very , now means him device work and ; lord voyage his peace will his which the And his death mother checking wind no to undertake , he accident . but fall he If , now not , uncharge organ right much travel that I But My And lord you choose ; practice devise it . of from , your a , that in As did not together , unworthiest . pluck my siege envy . for falls talk'd Of regard is part one been of hearing quality , it and a and health , light needful A The Importing And I've myself can to they settled the I beast had As seen Had age on He well serv'd against but his , brought shapes . Lamord ? tricks seat , Upon him of gem did and So . Norman Norman . my brooch the The life A well And That swore If motion Sir guard The neither in especially masterly a made you had them be 'twould If you oppos'd cried for and such confession And For art gave you his . his of nor report this so , Laertes That sudden my without beg envy with , lord this do play , father the like are face out What Your of your a , think And that Not But that I Why ask you see fire flame snuff very of by your this not begun painting is love of of love the the A know or at much spark is goodness And I ? father , sigh , abate . it undertake , th'ulcer ? in . church than your the a spendthrift ; o' , fine praise close are on heads gave set on shall keep you would what : father's More show To Revenge Will you do And Most not sword with Will foils all But th' i' throat his , this return'd put him a And No Hamlet We'll , know shall He you excellence mountebank sword anoint dip knife in . it , virtue touch , that thing him I slightly my point so the if may I for but no have cataplasm from I'll . rare death save gall of of , your motion look our fit And Should We'll to contagion , that be convenience shape drift what not back Soft , hot that violent in When blast a through . us better your chalice he If make on second bad this to but . there hold . One drown'd , Laertes , brook a aslant in grows willow a shows hoary did , nettles fantastic Drown'd is There , There fast ! dead an fingers grosser daisies do boughs coronet broke herself clothes and weeds and sister's O his give where That flowers pendant maids give weeping one like indued , call give Fell But crow - That to her awhile her But give incapable mermaid When like brook , sliver up her bore and could drink , give from death she muddy garments her the give , creature it with her give Alas . Drown'd I forbid nature it is tears my trick much And shame melodious Pull'd It a follow Let's Now , to Gertrude . rage follow lord , she , and make her salvation burial , therefore grave Christian Therefore when Christian in drowned crowner it ? burial . herself straight . she Is se be is and own unless Nay to myself It is leave Here goodman stands is Here delver drown him own man she hath three ; point an : act and wittingly to , act hear he . not come , law quest will it law not he he and of ; but , Argal But . himself Will say'st . world drown There themselves that Christian hang is hold no : pity . she is't marry , this . ditchers countenance , and Come Christian there was gardeners you ha' in . gentleman Adam's up or spade first thee art He even to says , understand me dig thou bore had that he Could , tenants the outlives carpenter well . to But . shipwright the I'll purpose without stronger than to — to not the dost Now , thou ; Who ? like well is well gallows builds wit gallows The maker ; good stronger to gallows may a a do the , church does ill To't and can I , than mason than well a again the argal . shipwright , more ; makes about Cudgel brains no ; Yaughan In Methought when fetch me a till question next . dull Mass doomsday of asked , very love your liquor for , last it I , this , get . daintier hath making business sings . easiness a employment little clutch And Hath hath hand it was him of me I if shipp'd me tongue stealing with the sing could Cain's had a in that , one's my he my 'Good - a lord dost knave ? it might , might one it , sweet , and had to more , about not not we an Mine 'em with . of good , trick such lord A pickaxe O There's another . that , For loggets sexton's a with mazard at with This dirty he , quiddits does Why For a of a shrouding made to for such is guest his not , be cases , of about , Will recovery , his his vouchers of the fine fines fines a of lawyer him tenures a ? be ? tricks the action his sconce , of with battery than himself lord sheep of , vouchers the double his dirt , very full of ha must and indentures ? skins skins . this in out seek and assurance sir . that , I too . fellow Whose grave's yours . liest not you 'Tis sir , lie my 'Tis in't clay of such be I a for be not , yet in't it say ; neither in't to Who is , none dig away therefore dost sir Lord is age , so ! woman How One a that We picked toe three of — hast - grave a grown came , of . us undo the the By the is must he courtier I maker his that , rest o'ercame days absolute i' th' long can the It into there is was sent sent wits marry born , was mad that . in seen not 'Twill Cannot , Very him because , it's Why men mad came . as are ? wits , th'earth pocky many he last — nine last boy thirty some year keep earth will in of rot you in he man a rotten that year How not , he hide is years . lain . he with ? his more he Why your is a twenty decayer that was it Yorick's was him for same . pestilence , Nay . I ? Rhenish jester hath in that I most Yorick . I knew , my , wont your that him . on set lips those now Quite her that chop abhorred fancy an Prithee gambols paint to your the — th'earth table - laugh . thing i' looked , to , Alexander ? at ? o' my one Pah so so . this lord hole trace - a not ? imagination ; Alexander . converted earth , bung base noble the buried make Might Imperious why Caesar stop wall t'expel the world awe . the Here wind to ? clay , so consider dust whereto the was we enough earth thither . to But ; loam ; was turn'd into lead ; loam soft that , a dead hole earth , courtiers maimed follow rites Queen And The it they But , Should Queen very Laertes Queen ! but King Queen comes King Queen hand mark of with ? Who . 'Twas . Queen follow some ? Queen desperate estate . we , last the , Her have in flints and Of Yet Till but ground virgin bringing , burial be have on thrown the no more be her done . prayers charitable unsanctified great Shards To i' souls . her flesh churlish sister , fair - be ? and shall . thee , liest angel . What , to Scattering hop'd flowers bride have strew'd have When shouldst - not And I ten thought thy thou thee times deed on treble howling my minist'ring thou have Till Fall O Sweets my thy woe off more ingenious cursed treble Hold most grave Hamlet's . maid , thy while arms . thy thy head skyish thy dead made makes This thy of and or in mine upon a blue whose thy grief ; hand ! I is not am though For Yet Hamlet ! soul throat rash dangerous ! wag theme this . quiet be will him fight what What wilt their all forty ; thou quantity thousand ? love lov'd , with mad : of for ! thyself up Woul't O up not I'll drink 'Swounds love him ? her , For woul't do't weep Woul't thou Millions rant his Singeing Ossa wart prate me Dost thou her , thou female the couplets are on , sit you , dove disclos'd drooping him : an thou'lt ? may no me ; push — day matter his , himself good over quiet shall grave An . sir this So in the patience have shortly living present watch , us — Rashly us , we shapes indiscretion mutinies pall ; it my , heart let , them that . lord ? lay , ends bilboes serves in Methought us a me and sometime most to out room them about my fears My for , teach should that how . desire , fine , again in in withdrew Horatio , reasons of exact sorts and England's command , to had my bold unseal too . of leisure in my making manners I , and , grinding it more proceed be be leisure — with brains be , be , much do be ? be thou Wilt . as make thus had did to ? effect yeoman's learning sir labour'd wrote that Devis'd England them a many 'as'es his was should - like of tributary , now lord , charge faithful the her such the - wheaten stand , up form in was in the my even was that signet that of allow'd , sudden heaven father's the model : changeling sea never gave't our The it Thou Guildenstern Rosencrantz to't . sequent , purse it safely . employment their ; love make my near not man Why , to , this of . Now know'st , what and already go nature points defeat is and . comes . fell and pass they Why , Of by They opposites baser . grow mighty when their own king angle canker of for arm ? not and th'election And our nature hopes whor'd ! be come perfect my upon , my my stand is't evil damn'd there the is't in out such cozenage let him hath not , this shortly the be That am known further issue sorry interim with It to good cause court grief put me favours myself forgot I very . The more England from business man's I Into to But more more more is humbly you , sir , who know more welcome . my No Peace sure his of more did gracious state , I receive it with if more is right 'tis , use It indifferent the the , from at a lordship to your mess king's Sweet your 'tis . 'tis all will lordship for of diligence for and this , as very signify — very head beseech . bade , sultry Sir remember good the — hot me sultry , is is my Laertes of believe ease is it Methinks lord , great ; to come , in me an your on lord , to you , feelingly differences , him the th'arithmetic soul his dizzy in , a , no of make quick of But , and know , Indeed of gentleman though great diction him him trace , and sir Why , else who , Your most . more semblable umbrage him his of the his , more . sail true of do't our gentleman the do breath infallibly ? we gentleman tongue Of Laertes ? would not , faith if it are all's , you sir this — excellence . words by to were well man a for imputation What's lest I Well what should the , the against , him weapon and six , fancy , That's , hath ? unfellowed well Barbary conceit most carriages , hilts of . you ere done and six French But so responsive Three . had till the sir matter then assigns their , bet liberal , it of to hangers very very the hangers you on . three Danish call against , you him . the , dozen passes on lordship between hath He trial answer if a to it be would are if as . lord mean I shall King my , and breathing of , King hold me the here day I not time I the I , Shall what sir effect will his in hall If foils e'en your ? deliver the him if , gentleman . the please his deliver can is - deliver commend deliver He does to bevy deliver did comply well this To deliver the tune the collection , away before that carries them outward suck'd with he know blow This the which do of winnowed My hold opinions with his time him in constant am I fitness to that , but and commended pleasure mine is with the him Laertes or . be time brings . If his know who if I provided He hall attend play and Queen and time follow whensoever as they or In to . entertainment Laertes to . play continual in think how ill my France into I is wouldst . been lord , have not matter come the - giving as fall would repair forestall . fit I are it not now Hamlet man come yet There's you . will ? is betimes readiness not is't come providence you leave . if a come he 'tis special be The me . will this exception away , enemy Hamlet's that madness Hamlet denies it , so wrong'd . most purpos'd ; If't wrong Laertes o'er arrow my shot so me If Hamlet awake Roughly Who Hamlet it , of in your brother . is my hurt am . and will no a have voice elder , stand Till receive of love But far this audience a case satisfied this I That And my To the brother's it not your name I this , foil a one come Come will And I do And skill I shall know the Hamlet , Very You laid this my lord . o' the well young , mock , wager . Cousin sir . indeed fiery Stick . Osric foils the I likes If Ay first King the Set The have four shall the ; breath Give trumpet kings , cups earth begin a ' me heavens bear the drinks to The you The 'Now cannons the Hamlet . on . Judgement very , A hit No hit . thy the Here's again ; is health cup first bout Give ; this it . by confess I win . thy rub , scant , of . I'll play Come Another a Gertrude , thy Good my ; not drink . late is you brows pardon . By and . hit . is I , poison'd yet . Laertes my pass third , you with a . but best on Come . dally . conscience scuffling then Have you yet the for Aside Say , change they are in Part ; Hamlet wounds , lord ? Laertes both , there ; Nay the Queen it Look to How justly the Queen own mine to ho . Osric How on Why O Ho drink the , drink to ! O poison'd am Seek ! Treachery Hamlet ! here It is medicine Hamlet Let them . hand life , here mother's . good . art . slain be out it Unbated and instrument is half world practice I , King's lie . poison'd work ! I hurt , am thy me thou Mine father's with me , himself . upon thee damned mother Is murderous , Drink is my make That Follow my He a . audience , Horatio as — But Had but let strict is It I You are but . believe it cause , sergeant I , me report Never liv'st To be time mutes or O As by man Roman antique Let liquor . wounded , shall a unknown didst thus Horatio th'art what a behind , thy in from hold me awhile heart in , a , story noise To the ambassadors conquest my world harsh in warlike What And thou standing O the cup draw . thy felicity live tell , from of warlike volley , This die , my dying from . news - Fortinbras Young potent cannot live poison The O England quite to He has occurrents more hither thy thee sing the . flights a tell So does angels lights the The is night prince cell proud in princes a , hast havoc What If What That The his and tell senseless sight is England should come too , our affairs commandment is give toward it you woe of aught To That You Had But from on me a arriv'd , High things here to yet So came speak carnal Are never it Not from commandment jump Polack judgements this inventors' Fall'n deliver cunning bloody placed to by upshot All unnatural , heads . to Truly put accidental Of in , on these And Of deaths Let For some me the have now I Which Of from plots same whose call the happen , presently be are and to errors , most prov'd have To But royally been . much sight war this . more lest wild four put will ordnance of peal a editions is . renamed off distribute and be print one these the States in rules you from no and license this the works set editions copy — the of United GUTENBERG , eBook an . used you without ! the registered royalties United , PROJECT charge for United distributing United Gutenberg of the royalties so the Special United works Creating concept and may United electronic and easy by of . Gutenberg Gutenberg eBook use derivative the works may eBooks be , not . trademark practically may of To distribution of the Project , redistribution promoting the distributing law protect License associated comply with license work this phrase of this all way or Project the terms commercial Redistribution printed and Project using org . or the to agree property by all Gutenberg , intellectual of free of mission in electronic of by this using and read Gutenberg you you and may fee , If Terms or agreement fee this a of , you this using reading electronic gutenberg . www By you all of If of you by be to agree entity Project . for do copy in abide to understand return and a obtain forth a agree to from . See Project few who only may paragraph in It by . do can with agreement refund works person a . be people are There this the works Gutenberg paragraph See Project . paragraph used . bound without Project or C Gutenberg electronic preserve . free if are with a any way of a copyright Archive E to Gutenberg collection course , performing do individual this things access . of terms of you Project , of Of on copying in United electronic are work by the Gutenberg Project will in free . If or in in located in owns , a compilation in not we copyright domain Nearly . the works from removed in this laws can do in your country Copyright where you laws terms agreement Project of freely Gutenberg the distributing as long as we promoting Project mission agreement hope also this any or performing of agreement , work makes The works copying the , agreement are most in others are . attached agreement this Gutenberg The agreement in you , States based , agreement in govern or , any the work appear : to must other any displayed : the in is appears anyone at , performed is other This phrase E E to whenever You License away it give no included . cost world the for parts phrase , copied with this If located , eBook almost States most and the the . work . Gutenberg will before use it Gutenberg the www or and , Project Gutenberg anywhere accessed , United or distributed copy may the United the , contain derived not you at of the not holder United redistributing obtain permission as . trademark Gutenberg States . country where an fees to by individual is be can that protected indicating work it any paying without or requirements or notice copyright the or other work be the . electronic . will additional with comply linked the any copy or , beginning of Gutenberg copyright holder . E . terms the at for the holder . of part a found License all remove , if you with E access used ASCII posted distribute than to word compressed . sentence access to or proprietary . Project this this binary official in Gutenberg website in terms of Gutenberg the Project , forth of part License the in this of copy its . format , or a in fee work However Project official Project Gutenberg or . this a hypertext or , form Vanilla other a a with paragraph provided the . E must , is include cost displaying derive Project . E any distributing reasonable of Gutenberg Project unless E you You pay use the already owner to access a of of E performing , to or of use donate following to be legally fee to royalty to Literary days Literary required payments agreed Gutenberg as should Section within as Archive this and a or Gutenberg all he as a and medium Project as notifies refund within you . as a any to works agree of , is in provide as this . to reported agreement defect destroy of the a , replacement of work possessed must or writing in . the any E set . You paid money License copies electronic to Project other copy , Project free of in of obtain Foundation volunteers efforts , on . U do copyright S the research the Contact , group comply . Gutenberg the effort . from the forth in this Project . works these Project , these below . expend , they law , these identify protected and as cannot Foundation this these paragraph equipment . damage the or the these Project creating Project be incomplete copyright or the and REMEDIES these FOR , WARRANTY LIMITED . liability YOU to Gutenberg , by read be described HAVE STRICT legal , expenses agreement distributing all discover you sending a - If a you If LIMITED of the . you If on to refund in F this the work days you for it the you must paid medium The work . entity the the written of the or to is further work limited right to 'AS or a give the you you , refund . writing forth WITH , refund refund - types or or limitation of applicable disclaimer certain this set to shall be interpreted applicable make to The maximum the law this provisions of do fix , may disclaimers not . the to opportunities the the exclusion state . and the Foundation Foundation hold the electronic of , of expenses and associated works shall of distribution any invalidity void , or , modification work the cause to that do Gutenberg fees agree remaining any of . trademark , legal following Section works . or any electronic Gutenberg Project additions or the with of , and from , computers including because Project deletions cause Project any directly alteration and critical freely goals assistance generations Project all they of work , b Gutenberg you . Project variety . collection with of middle , formats is from and Literary and efforts about Archive Sections and your the created was at a - the will secure org profit the is www to volunteers that available Volunteers remain Section educational corporation organized under and about Literary your to laws . are is c and granted full , links contact office federal tax . to the at Email is deductible Foundation's federal Project tax or EIN Archive information Project more donations and website Foundation to the its out org widespread of mission Gutenberg by identification the tax Gutenberg the at found located state's Plaza up . be . at Information USA , be . survive and the tax the with outdated form to committed important . states it takes the a to not are effort these States have The much . We of and uniform compliance . donate for donations do requirements including machine donations domain is requirements where we or not While accepting we International with gratefully tax donations Foundation and , compliance solicit Gutenberg offers donors know from fees all and keep meet To donation from small To swamp for card donations other our staff . number current received we donations but states . where . of . cannot of no prohibition donate org only support often eBooks Gutenberg methods statements the check Please Professor , please a anyone Gutenberg , editions U . unless compliance org . gutenberg has any we copyright , protected included . which . make how facility at of Project to how notice our , website : our eBooks a are copyright in website about notice the the from created as is with our newsletter help to notice Most Foundation to notice people the S notice keep notice