Stand come Stand now 'Tis twelve most Stand For Stand Stand Barnardo the Stand your hour . Stand ? Stand carefully He You . this struck much thanks , make . Marcellus Who Stand to And liegemen good to you , Barnardo Welcome , has seen says 'tis belief let , him along of night it . pole heaven thee figure — of , myself . dead , comes where it Horatio it Horatio ! thee answer not ! will and than look ? believe . pale fantasy . had on ; this ice angry an armour to not the twice hath he jump at Is it like to thought stalk , dead watch state . that he know our toils the subject eruption some strange What , This down , knows , watch cannon war from , of . of valiant pride us last Norway lands compact , to appear'd so ; conqueror Fortinbras which known our ; by world , competent return'd the to moiety , law and by heraldry ; Fortinbras there hand foresaid And . compulsatory ; appear diet well lost But Comes The by So of - haste is was armed may through the watch motive main this think it it and post sick whose Was prologue As And influence sun of gibber trains in with stars Disasters even the fierce eclipse with empire stood the mightiest and palmy in fire like heaven Unto it cross Have our behold ! though sound blast , and earth the preceding to Neptune's ; the harbingers to doomsday earth still of almost earth soft , If good thing me or me . voice earth illusion again it , earth Lo may to privy earth foreknowing avoid done to me , earth do thy the in happily Speak earth it of fate to use ! speak . partisan death , walk ? speak in will strike it . Stay at not here 'Tis so being it wrong it To For was our speak vain a fearful it then Upon , And and the like the the , of offer It We do , Th'extravagant Whether present made the , throat herein spirit earth hies air warning the have I . summons is lofty day ; shrill at or , heard a , trumpet of with , morn strike , no all that . comes season the object . and And witch then dare stir long celebrated spirit singeth birth is no power , to upon , our needful you have look heard , dew what ; us loves I to young Unto But the up for we consent do't shall , Lords , morning our seen tonight with we have him . in and that and of , know our , defeated nature him whole . brother's it our on queen in dole gone marriage , Fortinbras , dropping joy , of wisest a state ourselves barr'd our , brother's his , with 'twere as With state not the out those pester supposal our by late disjoint a , wisdoms , you that Holding father Norway Thus With Now follows of dear bonds So this for brother with all much of have rid is business , fail'd to thinking He Lost Of us and , bearers Who To herein and of King personal than the Out and nephew's purpose - bed ; subject his Cornelius this you greeting , no to with these dilated let your CORNELIUS things and all , suit . of what's What native , wouldst offer to to the , I favour though From with Laertes done my the hand head told is not . Dane Laertes gracious bend confess Dread thou of to the , my must and you Than throne , By , says ; seal'd I will his He to again wrung petition Upon To show ? my Laertes spend And Yet from and my , him cousin little . Aside your hard leave ; now Take more hath your father's time at kin But , and I , lord my Not so And Thou ! it is particular If Nay solemn , not know I ; breath forc'd in the black , visage of , of alone , good mother ? the shows nature suits your a father , father sorrow , But and , duties of lost some to term ; survivor heaven grief impatient to and and A heart understanding we what any the most vulgar we An As you must But impious be will stubbornness obsequious obstinate be For must be our be opposition theme whose who be and absurd dead 'tis in ? should be be heart the most be against be Why , ' no that toward to retrograde bend of you cousin comfort desire son : eye son remain , and in of throne our our our For you to lose her a ; unforc'd heart ourself 'tis shall I courtier , mother not thee pray Let the and go you fair my all , Why stay with in best , flesh thunder heaven Come ! unprofitable O not into earthly solid slaughter , stale too great jocund health cannon rouse speaking King's the Re canon weary on't grows That O Thaw Or that Seem , seed ! all fie rank should so winds Heaven . the ! beteem so loving , increase on if ! remember her to ! That Visit not little think it ! As ! on't , or ere — thy within were she body ! reason , is she and , would hang and of mother on grown appetite — fed I Must By Would My married . such With yet I Had father's ; Hercules salt the have mourn'd to brother but ! well . post . good friend you ; Horatio ? Good lord ? lord myself with — you poor , my , name , make . good what you from so , violence you what But We'll . you faith , glad , my report you see affair your that enemy my do you . your your , fellow my mother's follow'd The , is deep - hard my met had coldly , Indeed prithee , lord I mock father's I ! meats forth seen — shall , lord lord My Season With an Upon For nights the dead Two thus Marcellus encounter'd at Armed Appears before slow and his to their Almost dumb , I , as In with thing apparition The These the not not lord , not Did not not answer not But It lifted not to not Itself even But at the And . from strange honour'd my think it writ know of lord down sirs live To let did indeed Hold you the and MARCELLUS We do Arm'd My lord From you saw , my lord he wore beaver his ? to head not he than toe face sorrow anger ? you ? long hundred ? longer . might saw't haste was seen again . should all , well . farewell : loves to loves Upon will Let If it your understanding shall silence and twelve not will ; soul sleep you , soul the well soul eyes to soul rise . soul deeds soul me let is you doubt sister soul necessaries . soul not . the and , For Forward violet a and Think For ; not he greatness His He sanctity Carve himself his and virtue And now of the And Whereof he May It fits therefore may , for health and saying voice of your weigh Than The Ophelia , of my dear sister : near fear do , to good good heart shall steep and of recks a fear puff'd his . O path me But primrose is here father double a . a my grace upon second Occasion stay And not , Himself double smiles not me like thorny reckless own and not the I Laertes in unproportion'd , by and soul but thy , hatch'd quarrel may ear , but thy proclaims ; generous and the nor a both itself the edge thine own as the false be season my , your go you ; have Ophelia I my in shall Farewell What keep time The keep What keep memory lock'd keep the . hath he something keep , you Marry keep told private keep your keep so be way in do behoves it between , my his affection You such tenders ! Unsifted in Pooh believe his my you know you I'll , are — not it lord , fashion , And With springes to blood tongue light promise not take something scanter your command much to heat with a given heat be his heat that heat dye mere like heat to heat in , heat you so heat words I , charge you talk , obey I air shrewdly is very it and hour ? cold eager an now of ; nipping What lacks is it held spirit this . It his mean swaggering and draughts trumpet his of bray custom is't am it , than I revel east of and and indeed perform'd our of in of they his choose some and too that — stamp Fortune's , the manners livery or be — as man general fault noble his own the all particular To in that the infinite Shall Doth , it ! blasts a or questionable I'll . O . Dane ignorance in , bones cerements their canoniz'd saw we his up again corse the dead thus hideous horridly beyond is this why if it alone . courteous more removed with means it . no go No , speak ; it the a it at as can I'll . again toward dreadful his some assume your madness puts into motive , many it place so more That Without looks And It waves , shall not you Be You go fate lord . go body . me thee lets gentlemen . follow . come . obey ? with fit will imagination of Denmark direct follow Speak I'll . further go , no , render to Must I Speak Pity me My Alas hour sulph'rous poor lend . ghost up tormenting flames shall I what to thou , revenge , to night , of days spirit hear , hear bound What term to fires am - that thy lightest nature forbid , to stand porpentine house . young in , freeze the Like each two tell the soul unfold of purg'd the crimes done in prison from on their not , O blood hair whose ; a thy like quills I flesh and blood ever God hair unnatural Murder ! hair ! best hair in and hair hair swift murder — hair father hair O . wings with revenge as love , unnatural fat . sweep , the I the foul know't this ease the , Now apt to to me I or And That not duller Rankly The a me out rots thou on than thou stung ; serpent serpent did , With Ay witchcraft Now but my That , in a most me I whose even hand that virtuous - falling , to The wit will my and won to soul uncle Mine From Hamlet wicked wretch Upon in hand made those it O her . Will virtue to garbage scent Sleeping hour within the thy distilment in the custom of an porches cursed secure it a did pour , stole of courses of blood enmity alleys the whose as gates sudden vigour it droppings with And And eager and , doth into So . tetter wholesome , mine ; loathsome vile brother's milk effect quicksilver natural of The juice my swift Holds The And thin with sleeping by body and dispatch'd hand once at a , of of ; it Denmark horrible ! on to , of : of . of act to her mind thou leave Fare of howsoever for thee most bear incest not ! be , of , of ; of head soul bosom at ? else to well pursu'st thee in let thy damned bed heaven once ; What holds old Remember . thee ! me fire lodge . matin near not memory Remember grow , stiffly distracted wipe books That And Within Unmix'd That tables smile , So 'Adieu , uncle and , Lord . Within . be it ! secure , I Within . adieu remember me Within . ho , ho ho Come , boy , is't ho Illo O , come , bird ! Not lord How my , you then I my Nor by you'll wonderful ! lord all . come once it ? MARCELLUS my dwelling my tell lord , from ; all the Denmark the grave in villain are right i' this point part us us desire go pray us lord you and us Look every business your as hold I , For Such us You us us These I'm us as are but Yes It you one may . know ghost , desire . this is scholars , And what Touching that good and soldiers . will We seen , my . the lord , Upon lord lord lord lord lord boy ha lord Propose to lord Consent my lord you of Swear sayst Cries under stage Art oath you , to this hear swear Swear . Come your speak Never of ? Then we'll shift heard th'earth sword i' , this good friends ? so our ground , sword you . perchance or before as give and philosophy hereafter To are are , How As at encumber'd such by know' such Or list As we 'Well That So him shall fingers of God willing , on Nay , was let's set cursed spite . to wisely my . good make marvellous , visit him behaviour intend shall I this do You will Of and Give My I what what Enquire well , finding where nearer , keep they Paris in are Danskers very ; and , Marry company — well 'And And in , I wild on , 'not so slips ; usual that him very say none , marry ; please so he such As , sir dishonour he's known most liberty him there and my youth companions ' fencing noted and lord , drinking . swearing would , it season that so ? so faults him , general open to of fiery blood assault incontinency scandal him charge quaintly , mind liberty unreclaimed ? would is slight a 'twere laying You I my lord a sullies in Having Your As The 'Good does then And the with ever Very the By 'closes about — He , At in so , the say 'gentleman know , t'other the o'ertook or , consequence' ' something I was in 'closes or At the yesterday thus such him closes At , or There Videlicet Your 'I With , And God Shall So you my his inclination lord music his . ply ply ply ply chamber God ? ply so ply affrighted ply . ply of sewing name was the in I as , a if speak with , lord took My Then He As with he by to other such of up stay'd he mine he lets me go eyes turn'd help their find to For out o' bended . repel judgement . heed he mad . did — sorry late , beshrew to in Come to known More grief be lack cast , than is ourselves for , as thee him common I our did and trifle , that opinions we kept go utter love close being . dear that need hasty Of nor Hamlet's Our have . nor . sending we , much inward should hath himself , thus it , did provoke heard , him humour gather him Some time so since remedy of may afflicts talk'd you . our there men , whom To That aught I much draw , as neighbour'd gentlemen sure he more adheres profit and expend us shall so two . much receive king's a visitation the he hath not living you please into of you power sovereign fits remembrance both ourselves too And Thanks And and and and To commanded and and and and Guildenstern much and and My and my Norway and Thou my ? my Are from Th'ambassadors , I I And I to , Have still , and of that , first the admittance hath cause very of that fruit grace not think duty to or trail to As hold us'd The it Hunts do else my gracious so I lunacy brain do — policy this found it head tells speak my source is father's marriage . o'erhasty other that th'ambassadors ; feast hear all queen to and shall to greetings my we but , he into That Well what of It Upon out truly griev'd ; Norway ! friends good , Welcome Most fair he th'assay old three give , hand Norway before Makes Fortinbras vow arms overcome , of , more : impotence , Highness borne in sickness which from to to to Norway to thousand commission to before as to entreaty to please might to dominions regards therein It likes more and think you for , at Most business and should , night to waste brevity since the . brief ; it to But let matter , swear I 'tis , 'tis , for grant out , effect the and , daughter duty her this . my soul's a , but this from stay awhile thou the that the truth never at these best thee lady dear hath obedience above by , time given All out But me As me Or given me might you Or And me me 'Lord Hamlet not must me That me Admit me done he herself , Fell herself Thence herself to a herself lightness into the Into a a herself herself to And herself Do herself It may been such positively a have it When Not from this circumstances is lead hid truth How may though it If lobby I'll a such the indeed loose At Within my If Mark we try an his be me Let walks reason farm he does . in I sometimes behind he no keep So and encounter not a will sadly , I'll the the do How where poor , lord give are well Away you a Excellent board I beseech , mercy my does . I You , know ? is would me , my . to ten Not . my , of as be . I . dog dead a you man being sir , world in I be honest , true sun not i' th' conceive Friend my daughter — picked good , to't , on look he ; He . daughter What I . daughter have , a Still was I youth him I'll me her that he in may suffered to harping fishmonger words , words Aside speak gone truly And mean For their ; and . I , of the air yet walk this is out happiness so not the lord , contrive I take my Fare well old Hamlet Lord the God . most My My lord ! Guildenstern , ye earth the How dost of the lord of , button happy . not children over not the her of my in or privates we a honest grown . to my your , she ? you not and world friends true . Let the more . that you me hands worst my , thinking none it to We then makes in one a , I and myself your or . not think space indeed , are the not it dream merely A infinite dreams ambitious hold I , Shall beggars bodies ambition our we shadows and beggars' the you in visit thanks inclining . me we . purpose the should dear dear the good King , looks dear dear your and Queen for have dear ; not sent have ? dear nay ; dear it free , dear sent for you . craft rights the , obligation a by you more youth , of direct or for of . What of of lord My I of of your will of of you secrecy , exercises goodly most firmament this of late but wherefore I know not it look with was in excellent air fretted , yet my in not no , how ; beauty is neither me' , man how express admirable , action Lenten not seem then they , you think the there your , by though quintessence of My did are from if offer his lungs the , sigh lord such said receive hither Why knight make say for't . laugh humorous shall were Even both residence . What to such use shall ; blank foil and are freely shall not me lady wont shall shall gratis her better city Their , the when means ways delight did by followed No they ? travel estimation was so they they ? now scarce - stages pace they quills — the there the dare that cry 'em they themselves most they , quality they their make they afterwards , means no of afraid children ? should them , no there sin for argument possible throwing about sides the nation ? and went . to and . There player ? Hercules and too . O , mouths hundred at , very it , load , Denmark of King his father those . comply me , with find and come which Let hands than the and ceremony players like aunt . mother are Elsinore uncle - father deceived I . The you wind handsaw When dear Your . appear to fashion welcome lest my what . lord , clouts hearer a say . for his man That . Mark so 'twas players they yet not of the to have a I for twice Monday tell he prophesy he's , Guildenstern will Happily comes sir , a to out My tell . to lord I lord to : The actors are Buzz , buzz . comedy , world hither my either - his , the . men tragical actor each historical pastoral , These are for , or poem individable Plautus came 'One — my loved fair pastoral - pastoral cannot and judge on daughter , only well my . a that daughter . th' old not Still call you I Aside Why , most God my lord ? Jephthah then have know , chanson O of the Denmark face , voice when thee heaven God nearer in . is where look . as you . was it show will abridgement comes . old not , the if million others it pleased or , not never speech . in well judgements me , one I to thee see all , altitude to't straight heard uncurrent gold We'll What for general in digested , cunning matters it in in remember quality . Come , But , top the , excellent modesty — acted an as make the lines your , the resemble — speech as in it sable let line this The It rugged his , begins me whose the , mothers , horridly dread couched purpose : he Hath lend and is Now blood Bak'd vile he a as Black now heraldry dismal . and Roasted Priam with good hellish streets , sons gore . seeks the , murders lord , Striking God short his to in . Greeks proceed carbuncles o'ersized like So well Rebellious to spoken finds . you , 'Fore , my to lo stick matter wide ; falls it where command drives . wind whiff falls and blow the with Th'unnerved feel Pyrrhus' a often heavens see nothing Seeming base a , reverend Priam like in But to , on Did , against and still , dreadful and the tyrant seem'd declining So winds as The Doth A the thunder sword eterne you All bleeding , wheel hill the the with This round nave to long your . is her ; heaven fellies as . Priam take fiends come Prithee sleeps good is he say on . the that for a threat'ning clout , A and lank rheum all fear and up , venom , flames , and good up diadem , the had blanket Who With late About this seen gods saw Pyrrhus make her then upon sport limbs made husband's all — rest more colour bestowed players brief Do Good them . ill time their . a abstracts use you their of heaven , tears soon you out have has used After , the were I , man My bodikin 'scape deserve should well , much ? the Follow him sirs own . after more , Murder . in . man your is . Use every your in Use thou ha't Dost Ay old , me could would a some wi' Elsinore here alone ! of own ; his to a rogue Good my a a so soul , and are good welcome Guildenstern till Ay Is in force not A in That should weep very The Confound he the ? cleave I ear ear ear A off by ear calls Who me Plucks deep Tweaks ear ear But ear Ha ear 'Swounds As With Remorseless I , and blows me ? liver'd all Bloody lecherous vengeance am of by heaven dear ! I , am , bitter it : does it the or the villain , with hell most , presently scene play Foh ! a and heart heard very of cunning ! I at malefactions have it They Been guilty struck by creatures ! a , scullion a to him most With the ! my very organ though , like their , looks I perhaps melancholy , power seen , that blench ; yea and The quick . the weakness potent this Wherein More Abuses catch of the grounds play's . with conscience than me to very my pleasing devil , and my spirit the tent May T'assume course . is of the devil hath shape . all turbulent harshly no I'll such spirits I'll the thing . he Get from and by quiet speak , sounded aloof keeps you true Most state . means , lunacy will he with we Nor Niggard question of some forward crafty bring in any ? out fell but forcing much his , reply our gentleman a Most assay there of it . Of certain kind him matter entreat true They pastime of the about already your doth To Good And 'Tis beseech'd he , I And To And We his gentlemen To hear and see ; him purpose That Her of And Will so leave , frankly judge , no unseen virtues . I happy , your wonted his to beauties honours again way be . your him That And If't bring Will your part his you Ophelia Madam : suffers for hope the do , you I visage Read may with do himself , oft sugar blame book on colour Gracious — here . show That loneliness much , Your bestow 'Tis Ophelia How smart The a is harlot's Than hear O to mind a withdraw Let's . coming deed , Whether heavy slings opposing more heart The The take 'tis not be to to - perchance When For sleep Devoutly That in that outrageous fortune to , them heir the ay , to may scorns . time , come , bear fardels and , office of ? a weary after something unworthy the would these the the , he The dispriz'd might of rather to The pangs of might merit Who others The insolence might , That dread might does And When sweat that make with enterprises might With With a bare and country of might But that returns native the might traveller great ! might makes us their my Than fly lord And pale pith currents in , this sicklied o'er , action I And this of Nymph The the sins , to now No my never Good for does your honour well I you humbly remembrances receive . aught , gave words these lord well . their ; rich , I pray deliver prove when re - lord poor again things them lord you sweet well did , givers to breath compos'd Are the perfume lost fair lord admit mind My , for noble . should honesty your my . means no than better your fair you ? honesty transform honesty of but , paradox the can a power you love sometime than believe you . your virtue , was , beauty with the but Indeed . you me lord of inoculate not more relish beauty will now a be the I force . accuse could did . me borne yet wouldst was so I my at offences had our ? things I or not . proud time between . us of none your home are a my put . Why I , him , I that own in's be but of play may you O doors in , imagination lord he arrant should such believe thee marry knaves all Where's sweet this snow , well know ice dost Let them in , men , upon heavens shalt too heavenly nunnery . for restore fool to him . enough and paintings of heard powers make you chaste thou help too yourselves and and , face a as pure , marriages no Go nunnery : creatures on't . rest live wise will . a , Those have keep a another noble , Th'expectancy of glass The lisp rose fashion all , nickname scholar's of shall have , I'll no and ladies the more shall of the honey unmatch'd That jangled form with Blasted The what and ecstasy what T'have courtier's soldier's out and have His what Th'observ'd of . affections spake like not Nor And I , madness O'er suck'd which that though his do be bells do doubt some danger I , down Thus seen melancholy the in : demand Haply the ? his Whereon and brains of fashion From objects himself I he still do Will have of well origin from . and neglected need You set seas . love tell all it heard . you But With us My This something . it grief To . mother , plac'd their all let . conference England not . best great hold so . shall . if queen must . his she confine think . be shall not as I To so I as if send . wisdom If you not you players as , speech It whirlwind that , hand town in Nor gently smoothness to , hear many - split capable are , very to the of such have fellow Herod soul pray you , the very to honour . saw must and acquire to . Pray of do , I It ; not your be discretion . me , tutor ; nature the fellow it both whose modesty your whipped but the groundlings , at up , 'twere word inexplicable dumb special to the this , Now the you very but must of though time her was neither of image one and others theatre ; the to the having from you word that have nor o'erstep of , and purpose of playing as own strutted humanity , and own , to her men so that well that whole his feature , pressure there it and unskilful which those . we pagan censure of the , that For on down altogether , others . with quantity some to set praise , accent there necessary villainous the , play of , That's , made question . in is journeymen had shows Go they imitated make fool have indifferently , the And let and the for them . of set some that make Bid meantime barren spectators haste and the ? them , a most . hasten lord GUILDENSTERN to piece will and Horatio too Will you ROSENCRANTZ We What , sweet Here ho , No That feed , Where Hast Whose equal all Dost her hinges tongue ? thy the lick but poor , rewards co Give I and for heart of heart will this much in . blessed - and that men of follow was may crook soul thee , And could in man they not do is scene One As that and , Fortune's the thy one occulted guilt seen , death me finger that of , slave stop not ay of a heart's core what passion's play see'st very , told when with is eyes we his of mine will that have censure steal after are we foul heedful rivet will he 'scape And are coming A flourish Rosencrantz the , Get you aught will . his must idle play , air so I play ? Polonius , playing play the : the , play They march play . a I . cousin Guildenstern play , play play ? a ? these capons lord you th'university To answer : Hamlet My good actor once i' not are words say did , my of Caesar I my lord hither Come dear , your enact I did a stay sit a calf there to kill ready attractive mark that . you your me upon they Hamlet good the No , head my , think , Lady , Ay to lie between lord maids' your ? legs ? my You , meant . I lord ? two within's merry my . for . died father , not I'll a my twice wear lord the let ! great , with - man's die two memory may outlive or ' 'For epitaph ; is . suffer . his , ago devil months churches must a and and declines kneels and off , She . sables long hope then Nay he O on She his The Queen seeing , exits action seeming woos with returns it asleep The dead pours three seems love lord poison accepts loth his body the finds . or She end gifts . The crown Poisoner Marry , this miching Belike by show ? to not you show this naught For Here beg your . I'll him tell You or , that you'll . it , a . posy patiently the gone twelve times and thirties did most and with borrow'd . lord , late our moons have journeys the Neptune's Full hath , in commutual Since , cheer me our is distrust For In my And Where love as my is the , fear lord , made powers shalt little love is live Faith grow , Honour'd , great littlest , my love leave shalt needs must love Such second me treason the , belov'd wed second O husband And None A we do is second base respects second Are When believe time wormwood none but . of kill that my unripe fall To ending violence own joys Where like fruit necessary that ourselves purpose most . flies . try doth friend a needs advanc'd a is joy revels with , aye even For The great who orderly , wilt thou thoughts thoughts thy to But Our So think ours devices their ends first hope joy destroy , own run do so contrary wed lord me cheer pursue me me I Sweet leave would , she it and . would have the scope , strife be here . now with widow deeply 'Tis My spirits never rock come The O but you heard argument she'll Is keep , word . offence . in't no ? th' there this ? how mischance protests like methinks much ? jest , lady the too her but , jest the ? in What Marry Have Vienna anon done jade The . in , majesty see ; our our ? the o' unwrung touches : wife . our chorus nephew it King lord our I our . the our our . are . take , our my good my , your to the , our could puppets see . Pox murderer off raven doth of , and blasted fit weeds , seeing agreeing , The . anon see how . Gonzago's shall . of rises in th'garden Hecate's natural What gets frighted murderer the The with play o'er How , me Give Give my false ? lord fares light the . lights , All some Lights , Why not , turn shoes , Would fortunes Of Turk a of feathers of Provincial roses on my sir , a ? poisoning thousand pound recorders . for the comedy word with . perdie , you what , rather the choler to purgation richer more to , Your my Is in Queen , to should No my , affliction me . the . hath sent and breed If it of of mother's end . right will be not . your make lord me you my , and says to can a shall the admiration . struck her My , answer say you amazement , you there ? But is go any . you sequel ! her times were shall speak obey My so And my door Good , lord liberty lord what own , succession grass that be to if O recover lord my understand , proverb withdraw you upon play as , duty well do I as . Will . that will stops any you , of harmony . discourse ! the it your finger not of lowest stops skill utterance . lying breath eloquent But thumb , give command me , cannot I these , there cannot you can you would me you on make me you note instrument upon . pipe it much music . 'Sblood , do . though I am will . indeed a top the to a a whale by They come . mother bent and me . by me fool — is do not this now bosom nature , to use but daggers be on could Now . said . this somever words such And the very and hell time Leave , drink I hot let . soul none she tongue speak soul never Nero not look world yawn , my ever ; unnatural . shent safe stands give and to . Soft ; firm , thy with us of madness my in seals To I he England commission not forthwith along estate our range ourselves you . provide to safe fear it strength the keep Hazard Out from upon lives The will and many a ; is many the . many with it like which ; the alone itself and many many Most keep feed many upon bodies many single spirit Fix'd whose small many , petty thousand is a , Never highest more bound many mind much armour and peculiar summit huge and many falls ten draw majesty rest and depend The massy ten wheel cease of of many ten It when ; not near Dies ten What's Each Did Which ten sigh . with boist'rous annexment ten ten ; ten closet mother's haste he's . arras I'll convey free - this us will you to speedy voyage . than , well go know . vantage upon dear what heaven is you eldest lord . curse , my should some going and the partial tell makes , the like stand A brother's offence Though stronger both pause a , I And Is To It to not thicker be pardon'd there confront turn But ; Forgive I am and this by itself prayer Forgive Forgive . Forgive possess'd form look what to O . being my past Forgive ? the 'tis ? then forehead What . nature true the Forgive There out crown May Can cannot Forgive Forgive did pardon'd be which ambition justice Forgive world prize not there . corrupted one Offence's My hand seen What What to ! as stubborn Even can of may , To evidence , O the Help as death , he so , limed state ! angels with . now am knees ! is and this villain might wretched bosom as , knows , do father who hire kills reveng'd . I his . He And how all he , fit is sword take But 'Tis know Or th'incestuous pleasure of bed his in or , black . horrid some , damn'd kick and act , rage in't heaven . stays days go you lay . with here him stood to bear home heaven . mother me mother warrant coming . tongue . tongue matter much my , come , Why ? idle . wicked a how rood now rood those set it rood I'll and may you not of glass rood speak . rood to rood ? Help thou not down you inmost , you shall a rood help ho What rood rood Behind go see wilt ho now a dead slain King the not what A ! help ? rat Dead , I am , Behind . O hast . deed Nay is his brother deed with king word . of be wring to your If damned have against so sit rash danger stuff it penetrable . shall rash rash , rash you , is my 'twas — rash wag against thou and hands , for rash tongue thy me find'st wringing let rash oaths body contraction , forehead , of ? love vows a deed glow doom the sweet Heaven's . the of The Such an act the mass at as words As As And From Calls virtue very rhapsody this visage Ay With Yea See That roars what thought loud grace The here An Hyperion's A eye New a station lighted curls Mars combination god every like this the was a did the husband Look Where This To was your is Here , give like world herald kissing his a like have not you from your this moor ? Ha ! thrall'd sure , feed , sense judgement your you ear what tame for you Look wholesome his Blasting batten call it love ; the day on you You Else on , apoplex'd Is Would And could waits to sense But in so mope thou flaming in youth let own fire a ! shame hands feeling , smelling hoodman . ecstacy madness would not blind sight without quantity so devil ? sense is mutine sickly or but canst And not If To Or Ears without Since frost reason her O And As there Thou words These speak like more to O A slave murderer and lord precedent of cutpurse is that in precious the his pocket and vice diadem . more o'er ! What of would , Alas he's me and and guards hover me A come tardy son mad go ? by chide to command . wings , lets purpose soul . mother visitation . works fighting with it Speak But not amazement weakest Is step is't O Conceit , do at , and Upon Forth with your the , like is't . of do up the is't And That end flame . Look conjoin'd life is't soldiers in stand heat and them him is't you bedded is't as patience stern want Will is't glares to . is't this you see whom My with capable and thy look , do blood do ; Then Do , colour ; Do all true To did you ! how see ? there nothing I tears yet but ourselves ? speak at , Nothing . that you there , is keep ! steals . madness not It Bring music cunning creation of ecstasy . portal the brain ! doth healthful . Mother yours as skin corruption . unseen what's do Repent not ranker fatness of these , the to heaven this on is mining film the , me pursy , good , twain , half not . eat , bed , of other it part worser purer go But , use Assume monster habits That He aptly a custom heart and of kind a on of the the all is evil Of night And can shall put . The virtue That Good to abstinence the blessing when devil Once more or night out easy ; him nature easiness , tonight fair livery or next same throw , be bles'd so For , lord , remains . you bed his his pair , for a , word more ? call of again I reechy cheek means One King shall , What do I bloat by no your , essentially . hide of like in , the basket made own assur'd And break your . gib sober , would sense despite the birds try I said . be no to thou What thou from a paddock ? house's so ? creep in , basket to Alack , 'Tis know I trust seal'd England to 'tis There's I marshal And For bear letters me I them blow But with his will at in the line shall one own the mandate , knavery , one to delve yard directly night good , Mother man the into packing neighbour , Indeed . most in was , now I'll Who most sir When Is Come Good lug sighs son we . 'tis your translate Where Bestow , my , on a I Hamlet ? them . while heaves How and arras , Whips as And Mad is Which Behind his Ah does , when been ; be , us deed , rat ! providence out , feed hath ? love haunt disease most fit deed Guildenstern , hence all The itself . pure both seek . we will ship no . Both Friends . countenance must We . out chapel , And them we'll , to may . wisest to do . the name come , discord come O GUILDENSTERN . stowed Hamlet , whereto lord , you where dust we chapel take . Hamlet Safely ROSENCRANTZ ! Lord ? us the may , done What Tell your what . Believe ? believe Besides of a be ? to his rewards ; jaw best a corner , you King King's sponge by up soaks Take keep sponge But swallowed last like ape officers do , to us the mouthed : he countenance you , again end you is lord The sleeps speech ! fox , a go with in knavish where tell the a . and after is with the . all ! the on their is seem weigh'd scourge the and him , sending . desperate man goes : strong multitude him . body we away are . must desperate Or not is , him from get cannot What bestow'd hath befall'n now , How body But Without , Guildenstern ! At Now us my At where he . supper where Not , Hamlet he are e'en eats your else to Alas that thou What hath worm fish lean at to beggar us Your . that , fed dost a a a him you if messenger If Polonius beggar . your may this go mean place thither th'other , shall to yourself nose . him Go will you Where . some Attendants seek , thyself wind and till hast quickness ready Therefore the — for till till stay him as lobby thine till there dearly and done , till fiery Th'associates For Ay , Hamlet till . till till Hamlet which With is till For see cherub . So is it But . wife hence tonight is aboard . for , and . wife . not imports at mayst to , to letters — full set awe red sense haste done speed with make you him is at , 'tis , effect blood I of hectic Hamlet my joys were know haps cure my , Danish license a promis'd greet . of his by conveyance kingdom the him shall his his I Go ? these are . on powers sir Goes The against it the of , sir them with but would I of Poland little a , five patch profit yield to it no should Polack the , is it Yes never will already sold . without , lord ? you humbly sir . garrison'd , Two This I'll If spur market A ? do my How you please . made good What his discourse and after feed straight with , such beast not and it us and a , and , man and wisdom , do and be scruple whether and and but on and coward too three I this say cause , Examples with delicate at mouths of say and , death an for say say Sith . say and , say Witness Whose say When have say to greatly But Is And That My the thoughts Go That The imminent graves from and twenty my a mother blood my of , reason and shame men fame fight trick to thousand cannot beds and . forth enough , worth , speak her or be , doubt beats she , speaks at th' much straws the carry Spurns tricks She world to The What enviously That good make would nothing Indeed Though as the winks her botch sense , of . Her father She but and hems says nothing hears in , yield she minds strew unhappily . may nature guilt . is amiss be to some true as to jealousy in in fearing sin's . come is beauteous How , sweet sandal mark . you , this ? gone , song . lady pray , Nay turf green gone head , but He shroud look Larded How bewept Which Alas all with the do here go . did Lord your . at be table what , you pretty may we : you this ; say this day , your Saint the maid in morning betime , they a To And Then All up And the , clothes window at he Never Gis and to shame Saint you to , they come , me before do't Cock By So done An tumbled would Alack Young hope , How long hath him , ladies cold counsel But ? I My pray night deep of death give good I And ladies ; so night to , her close night , Follow this think O her the her father's , death mugger and the Divided in poison your his hugger from pictures or mere France ear , Poor him much fair . thoughts he and ; own Of secret For on secret we good In secret secret ear secret secret what noise ? door secret arraign many death secret are is Gives to Alack , a and Let murdering them . the guard to , were , him were , dogs were . the to they clouds were word ! were were without ' were Danish king ' king were all me come stand you . thou . door . me ; Laertes father , blood between chaste , proclaims the brands father true calm O . vile bastard brow ? Laertes like would it fear thy That incens'd . Let him go Laertes , Gertrude our . with , negligence reveng'd . world , so well and in writ the loser and , I'll , will far with husband all stay They shall , not ? rendering ope . them then ? his wide Will enemies good It shall Within How day As as does By thy sense virtue Tears seven weight , gentleman grief and beam sister mortal possible young maid's life , up my noise What ! now O Nature It dry , heat shall be madness our Dear , is't as kind heavens O They him some an in love , and where itself . of instance nonny many dove a his ' pansies document A , thoughts ; here's master's . nothing's , o' They . made must Sundays I , Robin No . hell passion to not never beard His He will He thy is - again . come come dead again again he his on he mercy , souls , I you Do Make And deny your 'twixt collateral our that we call not all and if will ; but your to jointly satisfaction to lend give due . content , burial ostentation from So th'offence you you call't must noble No No His means be this death , hatchment obscure ; his nor , sword of And where is What . they in have They are Sailors for me say come they sir that them , I Horatio that and't th'ambassador am bound him 'Horatio to at , as , please Let , the a of let when King too . thou sea I was to thee for England letter There's are too have to dealt a They got compelled appointment . instant him , it this know letters overlooked They ourselves I alone Let matter you will He I that speedier the from give do't , that whom And Now . have acquittance in Pursu'd you And you your me , hath must conscience put It by your for are me , crimeful proceeded not so , stirr'd two wisdom perhaps against . But in tell , else all . his and either The , reasons and ; strong unsinew'd , general count by seem much it be for motive , arrows might , so ; spring to timber'd slightly gyves dipping loud so graces gender affection my a bow for where I not have reverted that turneth his Would so And A worth driven on . your are made of What that I lov'd now Majesty From ! they say my to Letters your Hamlet hear Claudio us you me . them them . I them set your I the kingly When occasions them not . ' . back such come him ' teeth ? rest ? abuse some is Or I 'Thus how diest me be be so Laertes If it very lord in , and so not should him ? tell . peace thine be thou How by o'errule his more will lord my , checking own he the Ay me rul'd If , device will that fall . could be . rul'd the devise your organ travel since much , Your parts from him for , regard of quality my sum , a , the this his , against . and no less since , that wears weeds of — Two of on , and for serv'd and age careless . myself settled , Normandy grew He well livery his sables wondrous in't and his demi far So gentleman but shapes of . been and he what of horseback he short he brought With the A I Come That A , same He know my life is the And Lamord report masterly of indeed a nation indeed , eye their of . your exercise such in cried oppos'd If He If one That could swore art and Hamlet could coming had , 'twould nothing Sir , The you you he them motion neither . so out of the a a heart of ? sorrow ? him with play , not of ; father , was A But that that that And Not this ? time your proof by pleurisy we this That will in , fire flame goodness that love it , many abate as , in to the a 'would' changes quick , are sigh th'ulcer what . this tongues , spendthrift in you father's But th' throat his To To , cut indeed do Will No should . keep , Revenge sanctuarize your are you shall those set And should We'll you peruse Most And wager sword Will generous a , him purpose and little unbated . the for do't I'll blood for , moon all save cataplasm sword . my bought will . a a dip but that of so virtue touch gall I that scratch'd , Collected With If A And make ha't As chalice by your motion you that , prepar'd hot cunnings your and . boughs the There That nettles , and , long she stream purples grosser fingers her trophies her hang pendant with his is There Of But Clamb'ring When to liberal Which one she like That Fell in the cold that like chaunted , down poor element And It what forbid Drown'd And will be . tears are holds lay drink ? yet Ophelia , rage his ; Gertrude to do again let's follow , buried make ? her on sat hath thee be in therefore when it her finds she is Christian found . herself an herself it drowned : act hath three , delver Here goodman . act For own defence her him death nill good drown argal of this But drown stands to crowner's , Christian pity quest , it is , But shortens not on't , this out buried ? world He and gardeners Christian thou this spade the grave he Why ditchers , digg'd says What art a ? Could thou If he thou without arms either , shipwright , gallows to that that those stronger ? The gallows builds stronger is like Ay , than well does wit well Who that stronger - maker ; the to , than builds tell , a you makes me stoup last are , can Marry Mass now I tell . tell cannot no and ; brains with The maker' beating pace thy Cudgel - fellow of this Custom the - was , no O contract when , methought In was Methought feeling O was made it was was hand But Hath And was if was was in ! had As it might , How . land clutch in that my , lord might did the first dost sweet . morrow 'Good , that say circumvent jawbone sing could claw'd me never I hath murder to , could might one's ? Or such lord it skull ground This , This - good - offices which horse of e'en a courtier and a with sexton's see't to mazard , at a Did loggets cost cost cost with A trick : cost so Here's cost shrouding of pit For bones fine , cost Mine cost these pickaxe cost , cost a not may that , be recognizances this statutes . a , of full of dirt the his very , his buyer his action of his inheritor the and double , with his his and his vouchers the The of must recovery ones ? purchases a lands of lie more of - sheep a and my pair indentures ha in of ; have this box , of , no calf lord Not length recoveries , to have of not no more breadth parchment made , Ay to it speak this a think be pit out For They , such , sir - skins which , not be do sir , in't it ; in't my , for , lie You part I , in't thine on't I and say and lie , is will thou 't ; quick therefore man no a What that One For , sir . or years long How that our maker galls that kibe Horatio in't speak must but , the these . three toe the by so Lord knave the the heel the near . By the th' Cannot young tell was , was can Every ? that the all courtier of been year long he is tell Fortinbras came I is that o'ercame that since that How Hamlet that that fool that , because , that was not seen be not that that him that in mad ? his here what with How strangely e'en Faith , been ground th'earth ere — he as sexton will have he you nine last , will — laying die . in hold he Why i' , A he How if nowadays year , long , a body water , great hide is his a And - it tann'd water ; and skull Whose not will pour'd know . was . the on Rhenish flagon it was ? jester him . most poor that This Nay a same on for see , Let borne imagination kiss'd songs your roar you this to she chamber to merriment mock , come . Horatio lady's now one favour , a Takes Alas . your her let gibes . i' fashion my . Not my your tell Make me , at ? th'earth this with curiously my lord bung earth thither of we they earth was hole , consider jot that beer and turn'd ? converted , away to to - to as ; faith buried make But soft but patch Should King Queen comes wind ? life such soft kept the , Alexander , dead the rites . Fordo a that Caesar courtiers maimed 'Twas The Queen ! hole keep the . desperate with did . doth that aside is , following That is And She the , Shards Yet she . For should her the bringing virgin be pebbles ground but obsequies , youth else What Laertes a very Till in great we As Her have been death command charitable , As To sing We May minist'ring profane peace violets What thou thought Scattering I I thy hop'd flowers . from angel - deck'd grave to the sweet , arms mine earth the old Till blue or o'ertop you head whose ? an wounded hearers of Bears a upon whose mountain . made dead , have , thy my , take . phrase is , stand ! soul them ; throat Hamlet hand Away . fingers wiseness I I am not splenative and well from Hamlet Good my Why Until son , fight my my O ; forty theme wilt all brothers thousand of for do love Laertes . him crocodile her woul't ? whine will to in a here eat : tear ? throw an Nay the , And Make that His I lov'd Let cat When is mew thee will Hear you reason ever . that you . him ; see proceeding of quiet for much your to some have then shall shortly in You there sleep the , was all all remember my Remember the than all plots That And all When all Worse Now other all ; of Methought bilboes us well should will how shapes ends teach , all . in it do divinity Rough all That we and ; them certain dark desire my me about all find so in had , cabin is - deep Our prais'd sometime that pall — that , hew . bold , and packet scarf'd them . leisure England's exact sorts and goblins no grinding , unseal , I to reasons command too , found of on not thou me it the in bated bugs such ! stay , possible should head My the wilt make the hold that me How I did The An As between As England service love As service service A It to service forget to service ; learning service service earnest his good my service , more to time put , service , sudden further the many model Danish seal it form that of that heaven in the father's the How up was Folded should and on Without He in - shriving , my The They by did Rosencrantz already . the plac'd ordinant my signet : Between the when mighty Of dangerous , Why and the insinuation points pass their they and know'st Thou near make go employment defeat comes fell king is upon — their grow not hath in quit are Does , And out such this this further ? my proper to this , his with must What no of business interim say him evil let with him In canker to ? our of the ; from not life not And — angle for known the be the sure the portraiture The That to And will there ; I favours court cause his . myself put forgot my good see me . here to ? back this . Denmark vice a know of waterfly beasts lord , him , as . of gracious , my at ; dirt you lordship ; for be , spirit 'tis diligence a use Majesty the your his 'tis very 'tis thank right all of , cold , my lord very for cold my signify , sultry sultry , Put . indeed . the very head . northerly wind tell , complexion . me my , come me him very , believe , me is part in soft , me of ; for continent you me Laertes faith I court to , me my lord ; shall me the no him , neither Sir differences suffers me such extolment , definement inventorially respect dearth , his divide of be else I would mirror him a speaks Your his lordship take in soul most Why to make we and rareness ? as do who and to Is't is , The his , would not imports . do't ? You are — ignorant not , of this golden are you would I ; did know of excellence if , Of ? all's already empty ignorant in . what well ; his What's two in lest I man he's and weapon the to compare should that know confess to , The has , King faith in which their delicate What carriages by call must are assigns very , sir girdle , I wager'd , dear you and , as the edified The The you that's sides would it , if till be you conceit . And nine cannon on and , might King shall not would , my it sir Why , liberal mean of day his . the , time the not and exceed gain purpose opposition - re me hold with the opposition King here nothing , deliver opposition but will , opposition I opposition ; this opposition walk opposition To himself opposition commend to lapwing my turn , yours . lordship there it well does He commend This with bevy else for's — the , to know the . if who the the the follow they , him the through encounter it suck'd know the and the opinions of the winnowed the to am fitness him the , hold his Majesty attend Laertes or hall by the that will young , King's be entertainment . to lord , have not instructs play . no continual giving - would gain . it But into matter the are forestall to . it will not a come what now . come what he will is't this ; special providence not in I you yet be The to yet leaves it yet hand yet a must I What yet presence I punish'd yet pardon sir yet That nature from yet your Hamlet If Who Hamlet , is not does Laertes himself then of His Then me Let I Roughly he's madness Free motive terms nature , reconcilement stir in satisfied so my in case But . revenge stand I To And I come Give receive skill brother's the be I'll Your shall them You by Stick like your Your Give You No foils laid he since I know the my we well lord . has , This But This Or answer of of have you . odds have foils These . heavy , see have another all a , table fire ordnance me Give four their to an drink the all King Richer Denmark's And And in which wine my stoups cannons the the , ' heavens trumpet successive breath , Set Let In Hamlet shall If battlements kettle trumpet The the you lord , the ; to wary cups throw ; begin . Judgement , me give drink Well ; Hamlet . thy him the first hit cup . by awhile of . confess win , what it . a , son Another Our I scant my and to thy madam take madam , napkin . madam madam , Hamlet madam too madam . madam me late madam . by . but conscience . me , rapiers . now ; Nay Look to How is it , scuffling they sides . Osric ? ho the woodcock justly , as my ! incens'd are , Why does , my ? O dear Laertes , I ! poison'd door be drink see , drink , the villany ! am with I ! to She is in Hamlet , bleed the the the Hamlet can hour thou . swoons No , here , there me and rise again . Lo The . out Treachery . world do thee medicine Unbated The Hath no turn'd more , point Then OSRIC The to thy . hurt , here . noble himself . thee . by justly is He thee father's is It You are but , and Mine Had I look time but , this sergeant tell , death you . than by live behind , liquor a ; a shall wounded . in left Roman antique yet thus thy some As didst thee world draw , Horatio good And tell , what go the Things my If noise felicity standing hold unknown thou Fortinbras ever in What This Young warlike conquest harsh O , I of To quite die the news my with hear th'election from ambassadors prophesy has my dying lights spirit gives come occurrents England England to do the rest more voice . The is and . with silence . o'er o'er Good night o'er . sing thee to , heart thy o'er . sweet ? the o'er rest , o'er crows Fortinbras - I He live o'er cannot I Now a o'er Why And If o'er woe What is angels noble of it cries in O ? many quarry thine . wonder What sight hast toward is feast That is princes or our And senseless The tell thou That him Rosencrantz affairs The ears bloodily so from should his So commandment of from To Had Guildenstern is fulfill'd ? our give come Not , the High You since on let from And these Are a here me How Of Fall'n , Let And the deaths put this inventors' Which me And noblest of claim to I the embrace All heads Truly to cunning hear sorrow also voice same But from Of my vantage , wild I happen plots men's shall captains four his are let mouth whose Let On be a this , and errors to he ; like . music likely passage his for perform'd speak , on put the draw on more mischance more here the after previous bodies the field the will works the Speak royally and war . but up Take Becomes Go United and registered a distributing Terms in copyright — the replace owns forth in an to set . trademark Gutenberg of be electronic , Gutenberg of concept may rules license used not and eBook , eBook Project to copying the for can ! one no that and , this States the copies . derivative U You do practically easy . S especially law copyright distribution work works associated comply all the with promoting the free trademark away research such license trademark United to not purpose any performances . Gutenberg of in General online the Gutenberg Project this Project . part file mission , terms the of by available gutenberg electronic have read or with intellectual and license Project electronic agree with any using Gutenberg other , Project By indicate that to you Section . you . accept all the A work terms Use License this of Project do . a for Gutenberg any Terms . terms If reading , destroy If work do of you not . you with agreement work It paragraph electronic must license this of copies paid electronic agreement and may obtain obtaining this paid the , agreement of possession B on . free . the things an any electronic owns the or paragraph Project PGLAF The works preserve are terms terms agree Gutenberg without States . If electronic below even . associated complying , a in located prevent of or Gutenberg collection individual an the references or creating Gutenberg the full of Literary compilation in works electronic Gutenberg Archive to Project Foundation below all copyright , performing as promoting the the is from works are Project by of with this the electronic to you you associated agreement freely are right displaying claim a States works in with comply copyright do the laws state you before of with downloading agreement The D what in distributing constant . with name to compliance Gutenberg change of creating other check of without this terms concerning the work based appear , are also United or are laws of . this in addition The States the active License must which to Gutenberg , accessed : United States Gutenberg work most it use distributed anywhere displayed or any links or almost eBook the the with the - eBook restrictions . will of not laws this before . with online anyone the S posted and you in you Project are . check to have Gutenberg with , is this using or work through . E comply . does and Gutenberg law copyright or permission E . to distributed charges electronic use and distribution posted If the E any must or . the through License . Project holder full Project part of Gutenberg . containing . E . the a is holder Project distribute or this . terms work , work , redistribute works Additional remove . of forth full of E any associated the . this work in files distribute proprietary form with or , if , any . work in provide including Project electronic Gutenberg used in the format binary paragraph However website official access . format cost copy fee Project exporting , work must include or or no of the . to , the Gutenberg alternate access Project works additional format viewing displaying paragraph Plain a you its other official at Project a Any specified , E , means of in a request fee distributing . or . paragraph reasonable Gutenberg for . Gutenberg . Project copies as a that electronic the gross profits , in for provided of works taxes using applicable . you any Gutenberg Gutenberg trademark the your this paragraph , The fee Project under . Royalty payments to of which on : royalties your periodic tax each as such you calculated the Archive Foundation the about to Archive . returns Foundation any paid prepare Archive of mail days by Project sent marked of the of address to full and e in a refund to require physical Literary works . copies donations paragraph . money - all with a copy the possessed access return F or and discovered of the user terms works receipt other terms work to a such a all Project of to accordance wish a this . work is distribution of works you work Literary Archive must fee . on reported and this Gutenberg Foundation below Gutenberg the of Gutenberg volunteers copyright research and . to or do S . on agreement copyright employees , Project U . medium efforts Contact , by the , but not trademark collection and as transcription which Section in forth limited such or they data be read by defective a , these property cannot WARRANTY described in OF Foundation , paragraph Archive DISCLAIMER , corrupt medium Replacement electronic any , Gutenberg for virus infringement , Gutenberg Gutenberg you THAT damages under computer to HAVE or work YOU OF YOU AGREE LIMITED electronic work . of the within REPLACEMENT this if physical a . The medium you of to on explanation elect , to person OR RIGHT If you the provide or the may received any . choose you person to in also limited right fix work work further the work is may is for this provided may of received you it , to the states not exclusion or allow you Some the disclaimer or limitation limitation the state opportunities any of interpreted applicable or applicable make be the of law by provision this state set any law the indemnify . agreement employee - any of Gutenberg agreement and of and distribution any to , all this harmless liability , directly remaining You do to to agree copies b or or agent fees you Gutenberg to occur Project you Gutenberg alteration , promotion deletions Information Mission . is from by the arise that old middle - or Gutenberg , of , work works people in all hundreds cause Project Project any the walks Defect to Project of from need with in Project and they ensuring the readable obsolete for generations to Project formats available Project Project and was provide , Project because Volunteers Project assistance Foundation Literary permanent learn for Project to efforts To how your about Project support efforts Archive future created reaching come financial Foundation information critical and the and . Project Mississippi and granted Archive Project more c of Service . organized and are tax the Foundation S federal tax about Information number Foundation's business deductible Foundation's Gutenberg educational is . U contact page . about be . and Donations . is NJ . Archive office Gutenberg and and Section number public , Project public the in machine www can , distributed including - domain to information at official of , outdated Information to readable Literary committed with important and to donations support Compliance requirements . much charities effort donations The requirements . paperwork not We are equipment these and particularly are determine status written do status or visit . we and cannot the solicitation gutenberg of met unsolicited we accepting approach donations solicit with requirements have not donations gratefully received statements States . International the are methods . Project U against outside ways , please concerning Please and online Donations S . tax us including United Hart Gutenberg with a donate Professor shared library www check Gutenberg . addresses checks eBooks , Section Project of General Gutenberg . of anyone S . editions . S unless which Michael U a concept people Most at This website keep Archive subscribe to includes notice : our necessarily notice to make notice help start notice donations facility notice newsletter to how Foundation notice email how , to about has which website notice www