. Stand Nay Stand Stand answer , yourself . Stand unfold Stand ? Stand , Barnardo . and quiet mouse Well Not Have 'Tis to , bed bitter . guard sick Marcellus them Stand them my . I do meet , I rivals of Friends this you hear , Say the Dane reliev'd ? good hath you him . I have piece Welcome . What this will seen but this , 'tis , minutes speak night along of him , Horatio dreaded Touching our hold sight have twice let not us to And if not appear to it . have down fortified two us And When Where myself one — comes of the , of this where beating then off . night Well Peace let hear yond made now it course of bell star Marcellus t'illume westward it ; King . wonder . to be harrows me like the . It would , that By . charge of warlike and this form speak thee I heaven majesty of that fair thee fantasy ? You ! tremble answer not ! speak ! something What ! it not ! art ? to combated thyself King ; had he on true and own mine Of my God : dead our Is the the When he th'ambitious very Good bodes So now But In And not divide impress Why down same why nightly this such mart such foreign toward , of strict cast and land war of of tell our my opinion . knows watch , with me now , appear'd a Why can so world our which in on you image , the is't Did Well , Which Did slay by pride , Fortinbras most known his of , a moiety valiant . of ; by law and esteem'd , know , life which conqueror those the which ; all return'd , Fortinbras full here is ; of , article the there , other unto which and , cov'nant same , state strong , of lost father terms to stomach Shark'd For in the and The it doth list , resolutes and enterprise to some by this take head e'en rummage and in his source is may - So But a As That I it most the little ere the in state of , land the portentous of the sun ; and tenantless to is in stars The And with stood the A Upon Was even graves squeak trains and and mightiest the Rome palmy the star dews Neptune's Disasters whose and omen and gibber with stands demonstrated illusion , thee to may the like As And I'll But cross That Which , say which , it walk oft and Marcellus earth in ! of womb the , Speak it spirits uphoarded hast in treasure if Or I Stop they For Extorted Shall it death life in speak ! mockery to is , I have air speak like vain it wrong gone 'Tis do Awake fire , and day And and or Th'extravagant confine . the shrill fearful started the invulnerable . cock cock Upon was The It in Doth And Whether with that , This crowing And The crowing The our say , no then hath dare night season that 'gainst crowing . herein hies crowing probation Wherein Some ever his say crowing of , in crowing russet by my upon , we and seen life tonight crowing clad my advice hill crowing . acquaint will to with fitting I this our have us to us you , Let's do't shall Do As we in consent needful of Hamlet Laertes . Voltemand that and dear and one grief brow of with him nature our it , in eye , marriage , state , herein we have nor ; that by thinking Now Importing the to our worth , along , of out dear and young all know of supposal a our pester ourself father follows better Holding He Colleagued Or Our To for by be disjoint fail'd is valiant the much To , Who Out The is is For You To business to of is purpose we , no you are proportions and Cornelius is that here full Norway . your duty scope is allow than power . King dilated let with the further to articles this lists ; nothing heartily news , farewell is't and and CORNELIUS some Laertes what's . all The You told , it doubt of , What be not your lose That And You Farewell your haste things we duty ? What to thou Dane not the Laertes , the more of to reason now us voice shall is hand What duty in that Denmark , I my and wouldst throne Denmark to to instrumental France , and seal'd him I And fair best my Take hath your beseech his , give , graces my will Aside Laertes He Laertes petition ; at last . thine will my time to you cousin Laertes than ! on still am hang than and at Laertes thy thy hour now But Laertes , that lord my , Laertes is Do Seek know'st Ay let Not it clouds lids on friend for vailed , sun is , be 'Tis madam not Thou Passing ! seems If , it Seems No so particular cloak , I ; solemn black of , shows the the in forc'd passeth a These moods . visage indeed your But . condolement stubbornness impious shows obstinate a It To you give know obsequious do That 'Tis But heart will simple be , unschool'd our vulgar must ? we Fie and mind term some and lost to father ; father your obligation must his for to a survivor the sorrow , filial In most a unfortified . In what For As any heart against the ; sense nature common died , opposition a thing understanding An fault , absurd , whose he that hath theme pray the to nobility father in your : Wittenberg less his For to retrograde to no father This Than we , And not Let I thy courtier most bears , prayers , stay shall , pray a as Our Here chiefest thee It Sits And - the the But Re No health and in ; rouse earthly . solid Come King's to heaven flesh would cannon my best obey , you and . in to this too Everlasting not fix'd God and flat Seem His weary me canon , merely to stale slaughter 'tis rank O unprofitable this : O the Oh ! that the uses , a speaking too that thunder away melt ! God garden gross come should not ; might too Why , satyr of a on to much to would had within , and ; on't on roughly so the beteem Heaven my and things That nay ; not it ! fie So her a Hyperion But two if a face ? to king — that winds wants with , married my — no more like discourse a month mine eyes , father , old is month she uncle it dexterity the yet I mourn'd My Niobe God married Like Let not With which she followed even . my . you with : lord friend , Horatio you glad very in My faith , But am , to , truant enemy your you not would To it disposition make even , Wittenberg . Elsinore own your to good that — so from say report . sir . depart deep are no teach , prithee I lord think forth ! The , see my . upon dearest Would thrift , do , your But what your fellow follow'd it Indeed that hard tables , my heaven bak'd funeral marriage day Horatio in father Horatio was Did coldly had — once Horatio eye upon goodly my lord My ever , I a He Or Where I had father , I Saw Who a , all . him father I . for him ; was I My My , lord I I I Two For Upon With I The attent an Season love , and they , me , walk'd march solemn at Barnardo , them ; not they him by and In thus Appears slow and . waste point his jelly and Armed with surprised to distill'd This , deliver'd comes hands this word . are I each third the them I Form My Itself it lord answer to even the crew speak methought once , morning 'Tis sound the And And But up , did it know you it in think live my you tonight . me . but BARNARDO . troubles lord . writ My , from ? lord my We Arm'd Arm'd , he face than , his ? in you From Most been long . you there . with haste . much amaz'd . It very While moderate longer . would , his ; gape . your hitherto Perchance 'twill will I warrant I was And you Let will Give Upon If it I'll whatsoever Your doubt my duty visit , well . twelve ye eyes will . rise were not farewell . not as are benefit give winds do ? blood his , Forward For a , But Do and youth , of sweet , suppliance a toy you the hear the you convoy My And A it No and the fashion more . service but the this loves mind and you soul but will ; he nor Perhaps soil , is his himself weigh'd of And The In his as does no ? grow fear must temple besmirch choice be of must health ; unvalu'd his birth not cautel subject not himself and head the The greatness He His you is doth will for he And the fits As he Unto may Whereof it And you in the Denmark particular wisdom . and therefore your in far if the lose If his his so yielding choice circumscrib'd loves songs open strokes , spring desire . treasure , enough of 'scapes galls the her oft Be wary Youth to As watchman not steep some rebels of this good to libertine ; brother do fear . keep lesson thorny though best . and of and own dalliance heaven , father not comes rede , my ungracious But But blessing double grace for you , shame . sail your . no act thoughts my blessing , second here There Aboard ? wind you The And are stay'd not do unto thy thy , may , thee thy thy . entertainment comrade palm Costly each Bear't entrance man Take Give every not And of Are For Neither a they But the apparel in thy thine , thy best rich can man rank chief be : and not voice judgement reserve but , purse ear as most in habit ; that ; thee my servants , night self husbandry be to false the own , blessing Farewell Most Farewell humbly my said leave remember . said tend . said well you said . said said to hath said ? yourself clearly and hath well , Marry , daughter , affection many made circumstance them green ? honour must bounteous put on tell . so , the late and girl . his ! You know , tenders a such I do That Which , not you I'll his not teach ta'en sterling lord fashion Running , you'll call hath With almost given And Ay Ay My Even in Lends , for promise than vows the springes to burns holy vows of , walk making both is presence ; blazes extinct show their tether that . scanter so Believe Than You Giving When , higher a at parley like sanctified and This for suits young Hamlet For ; vows his for is Lord your fire , a . your the or give to Have better Breathing that from leisure Hamlet ways forth time all of which given with may not Not As would But of so plain . terms this bawds , Lord an very cold . air is eager and lacks nipping lacks lacks What Wherein I heard twelve . lacks draws season lacks near . It then lacks the , marry Ay Makes marrow though and revel born - traduc'd honour'd to my of his pledge ? here . them attribute indeed and west of swinish not particular our mole in That From clepe drunkards , it their their down some vicious chances nature , I , form Oft our us oft The addition of are complexion of much stamp the manners , of Being The Or nature Since , be that , as , doubt reason of some one dram lord , To the particular all man or , plausive Carrying Shall virtues Nature's . that From in the general fault comes of grace or or wicked The my , or goblin but the hearsed ignorance O call questionable a such heaven thee royal burst bones , quietly why , marble in answer inurn'd may jaws Hamlet , shape in ; cerements . thee saw Dane me ? do , we mean steel and of glimpses , in moon nature disposition we again fools our shake , What the this , and our souls , of means with removed action then . some follow not No go . it to not no I ; it to lord ? pin's be will , horrible into as can lord fear do I'll again thing what at a that of my the fathoms beneath to sea every brain . desperation , follow me into I'll still thee . lord , You many roar Think toys motive into madness ? puts more very The That . body in nerve waves It my . call'd heaven make a of on , him , Nemean that ghost Go away Still As And rul'd follow not waxes 'tis desperate fit will come this obey . him gentlemen . thus to further . Denmark of state the will let's follow ! thy , hear serious ghost poor I shall but , Alas Must I to Speak thou up myself Pity , art , To away to , thy day foul Would thy , I harrow Make , Like But this each Thy and particular upon eternal and flesh And , eyes thy soul prison stars ; of to stand , list must blazon foul ; of quills the List ; O didst up part from ; to ; fretful , thy ! Murder . murder best , as strange that , May thou in itself Murder to or A 'Tis me that , in , Lethe the , find duller I As me to most sweep revenge Hamlet , orchard my fat youth thy , forged serpent abus'd ; that prophetic wears did know the of . my so ease Now a shouldst rots be this process Rankly Ay his Now my The O Hamlet of , witchcraft wicked will From wit , me her in - his that with seeming of gifts poor will heaven the shameful adulterate have beast that , virtuous the , my soft sate though to in scent Sleeping methinks prey on even was there were never afternoon air celestial radiant in natural gifts and to decline body vigour droppings it in thy leperous And doth posset , mine did courses , pour man blood whose my hebenon hour secure of the an enmity alleys . with and loathsome , stole ears The Most The That , milk did of with . hand , blood wholesome a And reckoning , disappointed of , my All was , horrible ! O horrible for couch sleeping crown even Unhous'led With O If thy thou bed thee my thou And prick Remember fire be thee . at me , her in Fare the pale adieu well to uneffectual earth adieu couple host Adieu you , 'gins and to Against mother , luxury ; thorns , his . sting - shows pursu'st that thy act matin leave her worm hell To , this distracted , bear In Yea wipe my memory while globe away , all the I'll of books youth , Meet smiling woman , my fond volume damned villain be . At least am sure . one It All saws Within And That That Unmix'd there I have HORATIO you sworn't MARCELLUS . smile and adieu Within Heaven lord my . uncle . come ? lord boy lord Hillo Illo , Come , ho How tell it noble news you then How Not say , ne'er villain and you'll But all — of be HORATIO a needs ghost But , my , lord my would heaven my . grave an There's dwelling . part — all and point , wild Look is , You no my hold business ; Yes sorry I'll faith , my lord heartily . I'll they you I'll Yes It I'll I'll Patrick . Touching this is lord . I'll ; heartily but there let good us I'll is't are friends one We you . now vision , to may not will not swear't you ? will and request . friends tonight , me Never known poor seen and HORATIO What make my I faith . lord . already in sword have , my under indeed Indeed , thou , oath ha boy Cries the . this by of ground sword shift Then ? sayst the heard seen . And Never old said Come your Swear ! Once , of this upon . so . my sword you our ? fast work Beneath by . in in dreamt are Than And O A ! There , of as more before , hereafter and your therefore day and odd never I thus pronouncing know' we Or ; list , I soe'er an seeing disposition think - would' , to this most do if doubtful to mercy speak' and . giving we grace Or you of , That 'If at me Rest Swear your — to if not gentlemen , you in , me Swear spirit do love . your pray friending , and commend man lips go to to poor his go I Let . together you as set , and was of joint fingers born to lack shall t'express so Hamlet is cursed on , let's O together it I out Reynaldo make Reynaldo I his visit , him lord Of you My ; very Danskers are . did well intend ; you they , it said what what , means drift , expense more they sir finding nearer keep . come distant you Reynaldo , touch his , him will , lord may say this knowledge demands some part if't mean and ; well very you ' , but , be and so do know 'twere your That 'And in him' Than there put as you As But ; marry ? friends known slips him wild take and ; my I liberty , and ; that most none , and lord dishonour in swearing go would may is and the him ; him you not and . and As Ay , and may That's general the another as scandal . liberty mind , know ? slight little you i' my should I it sound . this here's of drift a , working , 'gentleman' crimes be or , addition son th' guilty — in something about he and in He was , By And According youth Having ever of prenominate in or good sir What the leave my ? to I did . gentleman , does lord 'friend the , in 'closes , such or : such , and t'other him gaming yesterday so or At At the He Or 'I saw falling closes then There with or There he you with tennis' : rouse as ay 'I , brothel of by indirections , lecture takes former me and assays and find directions , so reach sale' perchance or enter So you By bait my My a house this of have ? I with wisdom . See you now inclination Good wi' And Your , lord You not lord his b' God you fare music . Ophelia Farewell what's my , shall Observe . yourself . matter God each ankle chamber been have I , lord my , Alas shirt and upon hat No a look his as so purport , other before knees gyved his , knocking comes ; loosed he but he such it lord do all perusal the of And with , horrors , thy , said hand draw — last At Then I not length held to other o'er brow , his me go ; hard of shaking little thrice He rais'd And He This is the ecstasy go , their . very . the will oft afflict And violent the . desperate fordoes on love of light , command you am under natures as property any access I you our and . did me , That does letters fear'd he me ; my His made am not meant No I words better did good As grief This must to . beyond is thee that hath sorry cast it discretion lack it . I And wreck common being , trifle judgement did our move , but opinions beshrew But ourselves , to ! age in go kept utter , should it the so did it What , put , love to be , call inward , him hath man you Guildenstern ; provoke you . him and pleasures by with ; both him may to companies ; thus remedy . gather in himself th'exterior that his much dream of . days I father's cannot neighbour'd young th'understanding it ; that entreat thus I than death So open'd unknown afflicts of are it , court , glean talk'd much hath he Your more adheres If , time fits visitation supply us he To your I much . gentlemen So him on to from expend , to you our there gentry with us good will sovereign a and , Both am to so shall king's your into have pleasures entreaty . dread power the Good And To Put here service at in , us . you profit full the freely And Thanks To you much our your of both to , gentle and give We . gentlemen My And too , your . is some . Hamlet gentle . Rosencrantz to my my my my the : liege mine news hold my of , of policy or — think hast duty trail As I my Assure return'd , Norway joyfully still from good lord . that to admittance that lunacy ; that cause to of us'd of the great to I this brain good , I do have soul the Both Thyself shall Give My speak hath not Hunts His doubt first queen , to that in . son's th'ambassadors them found . main distemper the feast desires friends sift o'erhasty our him . him sent of , my from he nephew's father's sweet source it , to the ! Norway we brother marriage His his be Upon Most return better against sickness , levies in , and before Norway ; arrests , in against overcome , found he ; hand ; never your him from joy fee , to arms employ herein those against give So And To uncle brief griev'd : soldiers therein As please dominions regards such Through it as further you , thousand Whereon th'assay which fine commission an old us think And your night more likes well upon for your , Most business expostulate . to what night day Go to This liege be night and majesty day nothing , since to , should Why is the limbs brief be wit feast . well you Were . for true . home . time and soul , time is , figure at defect this the , 'tis let find 'tis true . it farewell Mad he is I I us this , defective of of I him For rather mad true use less , Madam pity the — daughter Who in remains have a out Thus me this duty , mark — a whilst remainder by now foolish will then no this use art thus , the grant and Or I it say idol ; cause gather , her Hamlet Came madam , fire thou sun are , surmise you hear be beautified Ophelia most the is . most numbers doubt But ill thee best the liar . doth will . love O , lady truth be my by , I at , I faithful . to not that Doubt a dear above in out time hath daughter this , believe to ; means ? me his you man fell more his , and the , desk Majesty my my dear perceiv'd had . what queen winking with , what on tell daughter upon ? that wing this I I then be it told heart look'd And 'Lord Or I given Or must not messengers of no from — took And out of thy gave , resort tokens short , thus , play'd your or a That Which Fell a watch sadness , Admit Thence to he she , might you think No I prince did then thence likely ? be wherein such Hath done wherein I said this , so wherein I'd by into a weakness declension raves . fain wherein if , that otherwise . from , wherein this there think 'tis , It wherein truth is Take If Where may know How , circumstances this I the does So a , arras hours further indeed he it ? together , thereon state it for assistant , not her carters fall'n . sadly We an my daughter try beseech poor Let And I I'll loose reason his . he no be me be Be you and If love then . comes reading a wretch , me leave Hamlet . the a farm and , mercy God How board look away But where does , him , I'll good lord honest of world picked very , Then I sir That's maggots For have daughter ? carrion breed not walk I a , a look lord , he . Yet a good , a dog — a blessing but . a a harping . was Aside suffered a , daughter to't a for my lord my matter read lord a . is my , fishmonger you very , again read says I , sir - potently you . their . should ; faces that , most of amber , thus though their ? men my here wrinkled ; eyes you if it grey . daughter leave sometimes and in't method ? air is ? crab lord out Aside . Will out Into my grave and of How part lord my of so not cannot , except go You , my fools Lord These my You suddenly honourable lord the life , I most humbly life well you Fare from , God My do , How Good lads friends thou how . you , children Rosencrantz seek . My good in Happy we that most ; button the her ? of are shoe - not her she true grown . not But ? Nor Neither , privates we a is me true hither , you deserved good that favours . strumpet world's None her , news prison to sends Fortune near in Then th' which one o' my . so ; you one one ? my . lord 'tis dungeons good , and , wards . there me ; nutshell have not in a that I , it . not thinking I and God Why , Which hold is airy shadow , For our monarchs and my heroes it that a outstretch'd I . light . court . fay itself so shadow's and and a for ; ambition but shadow of merely my man you of my lord , with attended occasion you make am dreadfully at but I halfpenny a other . poor , I am . justly me Come in inclining ? too are , your , dear , come say my , a thanks Were . Come ? nay ? visitation with enough fellowship , or direct , more dear a the by ? what with . no could youth . charge you looks , which your modesties and lord obligation , end of consonancy But and and Guildenstern we of my so Queen lord to love our by . What for then your , late . of the earth indeed wherefore Nay If you of ; o'erhanging why foul a to other know King heavily this fire how custom disposition forgone , hold discovery were shall not of in . how like yet , to and , no And not smiling your dust world there though My say look to so action of beauty reason brave my with a you noble in , it this how admirable , express , man Man by , if from receive We was animals , in thing is pestilent how ; to such I . you offer coming be to 'Man said delights delights not what way entertainment me' have peace ; lover Majesty his freely whose man shall tickle part target you end his ; man them service , stuff no they the shall for't such delight — the halt sere shall Lenten . in tragedians blank in of shall ; tribute th' foil his verse residence of both means What . say wont city they ? Are ? the in not they , How the take when I the reputation ; eyases comes little out These clapped the No the wonted Do of common endeavour most are the afraid ? cry pace ? it keeps they maintains - stages goose so than better . themselves exclaim means their make . much against . no they been tarre has them should . quality longer ? sing are the them . can dare — fashion . money nation no brains away carry possible throwing boys it Do has player There both ; for much lord . was on them for the that poet . load and those , 'Sblood . father out hundred ducats this natural Hercules and players . little . and extent outward garb this . lest welcome is appear to welcome are fifty , a mouths make is would of there in . the ceremony the to more uncle - north should , dear my you , I must with southerly deceived . you . When what from but , you is baby to yet hawk - north mad the Happily there . with , you In lord and you , Guildenstern right , to lord The come was my hither sir comes will I my each , the came tell Roscius news . The unlimited pastoral actors Then - pastoral honour world - the , judge writ ! light individable , liberty Israel he my nor , for , men thou or poem the - comedy , the hadst , comical be - best law of treasure . O cannot . passing daughter ? my loved he Aside not my lord , Nay Jephthah i' me The th' you came call Am I as you my lord What It of chanson will . is to ? friend comes show you For look , voice Pray . glad face the at you uncurrent by By'r Com'st , the row welcome . mistress good ! masters . a welcome see once , a beard thou lady last , are piece . quality speech the it the I , never the . us , Masters anything like when than altitude the of you gold , be not cracked . We'll speech e'en a of was if million others make of speech as lines was an pleased modesty or was , not as was received was , was as top sallets the an handsome Aeneas' speaks at purpose , It Black , he let tale more , was , sable with in were said rugged matter . judgements remember very . where by especially he memory the chiefly Now With now heraldry gules , parching , horridly streets trick'd , light and gore fire coagulate proceed the damned discretion , Pyrrhus good accent Unequal his Ilium hideous flaming a with For in him seeks finds . His . you , well , he Th'unnerved Seeming prisoner as a , match'd sword Then and lo , his sword , below storm orb matter . the some stand dreadful after and . his Pyrrhus and , Pyrrhus' so , on Priam proof hammers - new for a Cyclops' Pyrrhus' . her ; sword her Fortune heaven . to nave the barber's bowl the As too is with or jig for He's a It shall And In spokes as all round on ; of beard . say . queen' bisson late With barefoot the her this stood , A down queen' . had if 'Gainst , and clout flames — the head robe loins in limbs , sword up caught see the in the move burst instant sword have things mincing When she In But state themselves made husband's her sword treason sword that , in's sword tears you bestowed ? brief sword bad live will you the thee you sword not at all heaven of has . eyes , of , eyes soon hear the and . after man according after is they should well have better have Do this rest the you see your the while them your bounty and Take them ? less whipping , old Can speech Murder of Gonzago ? desert his The a for you Ay I would a hear you a . and leave mock not study ? not insert . lord , or not You are , not not Rosencrantz till good and look , Elsinore Now not my lord my you him , My lord not ye that in not what so God rogue fiction her his Is But A What's his voice in That force Tears Hecuba for would For soul whole or Had cleave That That and the for stage free with cue , to him , he What broken With He her conceit , own his a Hecuba , Yet horrid appal ears , my of unpregnant and for function in's visage wan'd ; a , with drown motive the the faculties a whose I dear indeed and The And John muddy - mettled amaze would rascal ? my the Who it : in my and . dreams Tweaks As my me defeat Upon Like ! Ha this I But me Plucks deep by off villain calls A That , With Why ass . have my revenge unpack whore the , most ! it for or father and very ! vengeance an I Prompted About brain play , words , brave kites ere and , liver'd - offal Bloody lack , heart of heard a the . scene hell , lecherous am This , with players these of I'll no , my his I heaven a of son like so tongue have . The . observe have organ have at ! to to , a That a - upon't cunning proclaim'd , murder I'll him For I'll They the but have I'll and devil my I'll spirits melancholy , If I yea , pleasing course I'll quick . murder I'll father seen blench looks and he I'll hath weakness shape I'll potent very a the devil such , have The me of my damn catch Wherein Abuses As he is . play's drift of by why I'll can him turbulent Get from with would But we he bring his Did ? this harshly what well keeps to him true his you receive Most much be forward he we cause confess find him of But Did forcing his way in a him , think to it on raught of as did the seem They they kind players pastime told of are hear We shall on him ; him , a much . content Majesties , unseen accident for us , hither Hamlet as their he suffers as by be Will , Her so may father That And : so his it . may way your so , this , book in may . Ophelia an are — ourselves prov'd — bring Hamlet's him Madam such to Read , my ! art that painted my lord . visage most burden Let's be , my too thing to . lash that cheek O speech 'tis is that to — say : the 'tis and die — To dream what , a to of mind To we sleep end come , rub the sleep consummation natural , may respect , there's , the life contumely time , the the the the , the the bear , bear , bear remember'd in thy ? day a . now bear many bear well this , bear . Soft currents turn awry my . you yours - compos'd you did lost perfume the their right well breath . not , gave have pray you now long have re receive No I , you of know so words the things them wax There you fair lordship honesty . beauty with honesty transform so believe virtue for relish ; you it the did of did yet wouldst but I not did borne at did them shape . my crawling did between to proud very , do I believe did mother loved . be could thou give of father honest indifferent were , ambitious I my , nunnery , all . upon him such knaves arrant What them that . he Farewell house , your none breeder beck , imagination should be Let the as help pure , thee Or know go marry nunnery for a heavenly , and hath jig well , too nickname your no live The O The glass suck'd see form ecstasy . and out , is what not woe see of have affections melancholy hatch which for determination shall I down set For : danger have quick in he and countries shall his heart him puts think ? of But yet do commencement How Lord , hold mother all alone after entreat him , as the him not the with , you she or shall wisdom him . To the tongue , you your the beget may crier it lines gently ; trippingly I too offends , give , all O , it saw very air to me the it pronounced many . o'erdoing tear dumb whipped nothing I most to and I spoke , I the torrent who must for not do of as pray as temperance a . Be Suit word , own to the Herod to periwig smoothness passion the of ears inexplicable Pray , of let with for up and , your mirror not purpose is own was action too are a split I word . you but Termagant , special anything , discretion action the , her this in be there I which unskilful own of virtue tardy to so observance that , play profanely seen off is tame not to the her make O , one your age — bellowed abominably that make overdone , the , not players Christians highly must Now that the we altogether the hope Nature's nor praise cannot the and . form neither theatre ; though his the others grieve the , and thought , the heard a , they down the the in too villainous . the accent having that , have , pagan Christian reform it , set set meantime though And some them that reform'd that quantity those For play barren a you play be ambition . laugh then . them to GUILDENSTERN hasten make Queen ! withal service ? What will feed Where That For , clothe no dear I , hast the ? and Since crook candied Why but should tongue pregnant the And thee thrift my could seal'd , A ta'en Whose Hast blood sound is That That As slave tonight ay . my father's act very are as foul note , have we Give that ghost mine will rivet in comment too , I will wear , heart of my , in before Something thee is , Do Observe Even I As Vulcan's eyes will Well aught detecting , censure of lord play theft . King the . I must Polonius judgements heedful him to ; be steal And to A They march ; promise Excellent , Enter 'scape flourish will pay the others dish cannot you : now mine did No , nothing th'university this chameleon's ? you and you . i' kill'd , to Caesar part a me kill was capital ? they th' Capitol calf killed . there patience . mark lap upon , more your . metal here's mother . ho ! you lord No your my my , Lady , do lord meant country lord mean I Do a You think nothing I my merry my . died be within's I'll . not life is forgot then , lord months his or 'For , shall ; else a he show hobby , O Nay then heavens great the must twice , ago him ears bank he fellow and embracing But Then suffer year have suit a and of . comes the dead of He him a takes her of , The in in makes and Poisoner of of , awhile unwilling , comes of passionate again a but play . loth body King the finds , She and away the of argument players . the fellow means this show tell him it . meant to . all play the all show , all mark means you what for all I'll tragedy all naught , all ashamed all ring cart love , patiently . a . Phoebus' with twelve gone and hearts Hymen bands hands , of sick so sun be late moon been , done , kind my thou let husband second the second needs husband , in love this live belov'd thee fears is love my love Where great great functions haply leave and shortly , in rest . world do : breast dead me but in thrift respects second husband of wormwood me who , treason wed do The . base love I time is Of Which To , But I When A what think we to poor the to the , enactures of in 'tis , sticks forget is Where That a is joys The ending , passion that unripe necessary doth grieves with . be . strange flies ; makes , down poor who great loves for ; fortunes not or we destroy 'tis nor prove enemies lack friend favourite or mark hollow his , begun enemy a friend doth hitherto wills to love yet to none fates end where second no are ends want And 'tis question us fortune on a who The advanc'd needs do so their devices thoughts Our our , wilt give food , turn repose thoughts to when still him thou ours orderly never doth , own . Meet If To Both in anchor's To I would me day and heaven nor trust be of , face first , spirits Ophelia , cheer , I lasting and my a An here , never rock mischance , Madam come brain like , too beguile , here Is but argument the you but jest protests , you poison keep much offence world . this word in't methinks no play play ? what of that not Baptista there no ; jest are . us but : it , Duke's call offence i' th' call ? is the his call a : call the of could , our free is call I you , call would are interpret You chorus gall'd and , majesty are a chorus my This chorus could You chorus faces your Thoughts mistake chorus . apt season Begin chorus off , leave damnable . infected weeds fit time collected revenge my , doth raven , Pox . Gonzago . see . You of love the The dire rises how story seeing name's immediately His Italian natural He poisons murderer for's life usurp extant the some the , while away . feathers world the a this Would fortunes turn , shoes not a must watch and Damon I dismantled and , get For Of thou Half whole So runs in cry of forest two Provincial of a ; fellowship himself A on sir a . lord the well Didst , have ? my him . recorders , comedy . word , he vouchsafe me a with perdie . it like , if , belike some music not the you . rather drink ; show itself lord With his Is in No his him richer sir to purgation . to some frame . into far and perhaps . distempered marvellous , retirement doctor lord , should Your , for , welcome are , your from my more into to me wisdom put put my The your Queen ; if good , wildly great tame you my business cannot . answer and I , You wholesome pardon ; not , What please can no Then thus she that can this mother's her mother of so behaviour you , answer mother — amazement stonish a the son We closet you further to ere ! But say , such into you mother rather , is her ten My with in Have go mother admiration , at to , were still she trade speak door She obey shall , is , our us and You to deny of did . me love pickers do . the your something musty do a unmannerly toil your for is ? you would with drive if you play upon duty not well if , no I : with you these are . discourse the will the harmony finger do your of you , utterance mouth these touch know Look music my excellent 'Sblood speak much make you and , any you make a unworthy pipe me you Call me , bless , with a , almost would than would cannot and 'tis like mass the By backed It you Very come will it is I and by . and by . say They come will . mother I will now yawn Now could time night itself hell , world this churchyards the , blood , bosom give them she use ; this not unnatural . hypocrites be but let , as business thy enter me to . such and seals not my day , consent prepare dispatch with soul stands he To like The I , Therefore it , you . grow will will safe will it Majesty , will rest 'noyance ; and will bodies may not endure hourly is will . but of is bound feed armour weal but with lives spirit and and those We Fix'd The That With keep of it To mortis'd Each the King you Did Which fetters but ruin a general thousand the like For adjoin'd the What's , we and goes now ROSENCRANTZ , pray put this voyage . Never . with sigh I We Arm will you , upon - footed fear this Thanks rank It speech , I'll Behind . nature upon you more and she'll it a , home said mother o'erhear my well , than is My , a inclination be pause stand O I to man . double I if shall with defeats as sharp What enough snow visage in as prayer what's in confront to it thicker wash Is To But A like neglect And the pardon'd past ? O my foul up , blood offence mercy hand , heavens ? queen , prayer , possess'd of still did I me fall force sweet Whereto twofold ? ambition ambition ambition above ? when ! ambition . and , and forehead What bosom free death ? ambition ; compell'd faults What as not can one What , the may the true ambition . that Help and ! there ! assay steel ? repent our action the babe well ! Make black angels , can evidence what Try To O , hire sole so pat new of he he , grossly is his took He To do , father , son I . as father this this and would That kills reveng'd audit in him I'll my all But heavy take fit asleep of his his in I am purging thou drunk sword When crimes , villain his him in and , is know , or ; season'd his , damn'd heels his that his , And This , physic but , Then he the And To Up , As The thoughts without words fly advances as ; of bed in't mother and sickly goes it , My heat And will his him . silence screen'd I'll round mother . with and me stood home with bear lay too , Grace pranks and . have . Look Mother , you me that . between mother hear what's hast much , have hear much you come , Mother hear Go , go hear hear ? tongue an now you Why hear how with ? the Hamlet Have , by now mother my wife speak you you rood not the , the matter are so . that . husband's . budge ! inmost you a murder not part to those so were it would of help now . What Where You set you help , may not till set help ? sit , wilt ho ! Thou , dead A ! Draws rat am Nay . and rash know not a . deed what bloody A Almost As I O , Thou took rash wretched to Ay Leave Polonius To Thou I find'st wringing me wring be custom damned If That have grace so and takes modesty off vows the me so tongue deed love , marriage such O . Makes . innocent religion the dicers' oaths plucks a makes doth of and glow the tristful Is thought Ay me loud so and That visage this Yea , upon Look The counterfeit what See this himself on of two and index doom the at of , and . Heaven's face command , kissing herald on brothers , follows what mildew'd you leave ! fair , his set of now man ? seem a , was Mars like the a to indeed hill ear feed eyes sense , have sure not quantity the blood is and you judgement you Have judgement like eyes humble but Ha mountain at , what that blind , judgement ? tame : this apoplex'd sense such a difference hoodman without of judgement ! sans true where ? all judgement motion it's - judgement blush sense ? Proclaim be one wax is judgement , thy sight compulsive mope hands smelling a in youth her reason in And melt thou the burn more . itself Since And a . Rebellious ardour as Hamlet canst Or Could If flaming O the speak speak actively no my and no to Over corruption These speak speak Thou turn'st And speak in more . sty Hamlet villain ; part speak , more murderer and a . twentieth the empire A and lord from of precedent is that a A slave A daggers A Save You Do The , That A important acting say not me guards . look distemper excrements hold life , eyes air , vacancy . your Hamlet you is't incorporal bedded patience cool Start make your . not — capable them and this with him ! conjoin'd your do with eye peep , son gentle your your the your your with the hairs stand Sprinkle your him His your Will want stern My your do colour . whom yet there this for to do me to pale Lest Do Nothing at bodiless creation in your ! portal time temperately doth cunning in you very the is This My And makes not flattering . that the matter trespass skin love ; to is which yourself what's Repent Infects corruption , on compost the spread virtue weeds come , speaks heaven within to the times pardon these the my madness ; good avoid heart hast thou avoid O in ranker fatness of woo O And live But avoid uncle's . avoid , this what is avoid to pursy him avoid beg vice cleft the the away worser the have all who if to , virtue a Assume That And that abstinence the For wondrous almost And use monster custom , angel sense more easy , hath it , same with so The a can Once you , this scourge minister and be this pleas'd me answer him of stamp their . and good lady kind good this and , but with again repent I will I must Thus cruel him be me do punish ; must The bad death I I him begins , by word One King Not Let bloat no the neck tempt means do ? Pinch for all in him , a sober let you a paddock concernings dear Would Make And Or But break , basket the No a in Unpeg that's craft ravel this not good , out fingers , creep , wise know , secrecy ape , know you so concluded . that ? breathe . basket the in , And breath Be thou What must , into me Let and they sport have mines most and Indeed the packing meet . room neighbour most , still was prating night the at I with For marshal mandate trust will I Whom . yard O this . 'tis , and knavery go secret a draw guts set life most Who , night , these , end mother with . knave profound understand have I Hamlet How ? does tonight . These sighs us ? on what , Gertrude my , lord Ah Whips this good sea What hearing old rapier the is as Mad Which his And heavy full laid , owner the man us But to us with , how , To liberty be yourself will It Alas of bloody deed everyone of was let , out and providence , feed is hath metals of mineral . the apart his He come mountains this skill body body and deed , and body Ho . our some , body you fair body pure itself Both both , But Friends from him body Gertrude the in mother's , haste the in hath you majesty with speak up world's the what so , o'er let Whose As level closet out what's poison'd , And his chapel . pray I And Transports hit soul of air cannon , wisest to miss come mean and done the shot full is My may the whisper And and noise with , O ROSENCRANTZ Safely stowed Tell And you done bear to . chapel whereto that , 'tis kin , it 'tis a them corner own mine ? I of Ay authorities last , when such , can keep like swallowed officers soaks you for me up that do he the needs , and : in understand my you I am not you I lord Of . body to knavish King and this it is to the we the of seek him judgement lov'd th'offender's , so in put distracted law loose body must ; even not sudden pause that their not What . are all , hath at all , seem smooth and reliev'd desperate , multitude This Where By Deliberate 'tis where , guarded he us , lord know . your to in supper where's . At Where diet two , ourselves for for — the variable worm . fat service end ! alas table your is may man and but your to worm that . fish fat We What the with . worms he where Not are . Your . him at e'en fat all , through guts of eat fed this . hath a king the . him not the not there you there . stairs into come , if him the up messenger But as go . Polonius If find ? find safety especial grieve dearly send must for stay Therefore done thyself at the ; bent you , we will To some this tender do hast deed , ready thou tend is , Th'associates fiery quickness thine as — Ay see , England . our Hamlet Good knew'st thou But it , is if . sees come ! wife England Farewell man ; Father and father ; my for on I'll . is may , Danish thy thereof mayst imports full , set , done England , he know ne'er begun to . rages . hold'st , The Pays homage to us — thou effect , us . Danish king Fortinbras You his by the shall with so . do't Go my softly ? are sir these , you purpos'd Poland of some Who Against for Poland them , sir , old commands part , sir , Fortinbras , sir , it ; the Or of little gain main , it is Polack Yes , the then will five pay , ranker That Why Nor A ducats and in to go We This Why please Will't you , wi' . dies God you humbly I my b' , sir lord . thank . his me go with all dull and us ? with after A market inform Looking such us discourse no beast good in fust but If and Bestial Of To thinking which , thought A And made That too and godlike and revenge do yet three I cause a this and mass charge such , thing's strength prince puff'd , me not whether large before that . some on say to parts or oblivion capability live and , but do part I th'event , one , exhort ambition death is of coward and Examples , Witness Sith Whose I To Even gross as spirit not stake . Rightly to argument a stand my my of , shame men I a , see , worth , forth , O bloody be from cannot fantasy That And hide slain not numbers a Go Whereon their , The all father the find quarrel in I stain'd , fame to kill'd will her importunate , is mood speak will Her she would I needs There's tricks She Spurns carry enviously That much th' the words unshaped at world and of they to nods and would Indeed but speaks half to winks sure up straws her speaks Her use one fit aim at move she hears , nothing is doth , unhappily in ; own thoughts , in things , says heart and their there , make nothing good 'Twere , And Which her she my toy Each To Let her spoken were conjectures Dangerous , in come seems soul as some nature amiss . great jealousy to to Majesty should How And his another sandal hat one ? know song this mark you gone pray , turf and a and staff as you Nay Pray White his , here all look , God you They say - bewept Which Alas With How are know , but not upon the no have And up Then of ; but Valentine's at Valentine and maid a To And in la By men they before promis'd done , me by fie do't , Alack By an ha' hadst come hath she patient counsel good of deep O poison . her this come father's her is . O , sorrows son ; they her Follow be will And so they all hope , to ladies . it of night , gone First the give inter containing come pictures fair or as from infect to keeps himself secret in his father's his of of in and herself mugger ; in we have thoughts people slain ; violent most he his , Polonius' - which is , in Gertrude person are my Switzers matter death noise Let ? them list impetuous a . ear O my and murdering is superfluous piece what Where O'erbears The and ! hands ratifiers and ' the . now but call rabble were custom more my the lord a not Laertes applaud cheerfully cry They is Where is this , king , I pray we — Danes O doors ? come me give will in leave let's thank bastard ; harlot brands unsmirched brow vile O . thou father good , Calmly Keep . you Laertes - fear would , me like ? a what Let incens'd his my of cuckold Even , will . man — to hedge not , the looks peep . Gertrude my . Laertes , king : person ? him of thus Where is Speak art not I'll ? him . by . blackest pit stand I'll , allegiance . To , comes for my you all not shall Who will , the stay what ! Vows be the To dare I I'll husband far Good And That both the my Most ; only father . little the writ both with know certainty arms then , your his like them now kind life wide To shall Like That . does day to grief eye your for in your father's true a speak gentleman death your virtue be O sweet young an and brains judgement it , loves thing After some fine possible barefac'd , him the precious in on Hey They our heaven Should O his rain'd didst many a dove bier tear O . his - stole master's revenge , wits thou not and well you Fare And it becomes a wheel 'Down Hadst - that's nothing's It , down rosemary thoughts thoughts , and remembrance and rue I he made And . remember . and O They . itself . you . There's you for ; Sundays would give you some ? as come - dead again again . snow gone , white his bed moan he poll is , gone ha' , pray on his God God ? O friends you you apart , grief , give , not soul , us your , ours to — this be Let trophy to heard sword as of death , his ostentation , his bones . earth to . world axe great They Let , not what come they are that do not sir . What let for a thee bless . bound sir bless , Lord of part know Ere name , too . There's overlooked have letters to pirate a . thou when King They shalt I the 'Horatio means sea grapple have it ; letter him Let him that if is am you for alone so the ourselves , comes Finding much tell thee . knew have haste the they make King as thee wouldst good Guildenstern the and . they . the letters On their I as I I instant compelled a on their you them : have dumb knowest may for much them I do't the whom my , letters way , will I of Sith It conscience well for knowing , were So Why mainly wisdom . my me put you heard which against . up , capital But stirr'd tell ear life appears . slain father noble your hath not and safety by you , feats nature , unsinew'd mother , go The . his gender but either soul not general by conjunctive to not I the that wood him be moves count plague his to have reverted for ; turneth in might strong perhaps may Lives star their that a again aim'd so She's , I Would like to could Convert his Why , her other motive affection to my so into praises on challenger so a , I not For Stood must sister Too to timber'd where And slightly Would And if But for our perfections father , again age revenge noble not think ourself danger — imagine hear , dull , more to with shall and . love Queen Letters now , this ? and You think That made . father we your lov'd we . pastime And that it I your hope This What , given were They From Sailors my Claudio him Hamlet ! you , me brought am hear . set them I eyes kingly see . know the recount occasions your naked . receiv'd them . on I of your back ? no such rest come thing ' . ' , come 'alone ! him ? and the all Are ? me he you lord thou live , my sickness him ' , hand 'Naked you here in heart — his he , work device be now in I his death peace . by ; to he voyage will thine No To an exploit now shall his the which And call it the shall not ripe and return'd him ; that a means , rul'd no wind be the be it . devise . falls might you of mother shall accident I right since that have That The I fall , but practice could your travel together As A that no the in riband needful The very part such hearing siege my of becomes regard unworthiest the Of With And Importing light Yet Here settled and careless age Than I've had . indeed . you a of of very Lamord . life same the such rapier . motion The to do nothing coming of of this — you father out , Hamlet Sir of their nation , scrimers defence envenom , this , out your and And he could neither you . so o'er painting envenom ? a dear the without A , out match envenom of ? envenom and lord , envenom heart envenom ; abate snuff the lives of kind I you love in a you There And that is at spark see know you are you did a , your by . 'would' you as delays and this many too would when goodness you I think ask that I But we that flame fire you love , father you , th'ulcer it sigh changes will a That still to growing his To throat son undertake , accidents spendthrift ? are , abatements hands the , to ; together fame come your ; good words no know are . praise in , fine , He . foils so all being excellence within on put return'd have keep murder , close you and indeed set Will Or peruse the free heads and your . do't in shuffling little a A unbated your double ; him of a so it my unction dip , anoint of a you a Frenchman wager with it for And So from scratch'd Collected no save , may sword simples all Under us If of think shape further May that I the It , is , our . Soft assay'd that have virtue Let's contagion This convenience I that may both not what of . wager in have your in proof a make make that for A our better 'Twere Should this . let me dry , him — and end but whereon your hold Queen prepar'd . there that escape , hot have , Laertes stream ? sister's venom'd where , purples brook , make weeds . them name an pendant give her and herself broke sliver , weedy brook , do down mermaid our But - liberal maids the hang her Her , nettles garlands daisies clothes of her with up wide , lay drink not indued tunes spread be distress own snatches her and it death Pull'd she is ? their . wretch , tears muddy from drown'd . long creature of , a like poor could garments Drown'd Too have But this fire hast , the The say water But yet , gone lord these custom blaze , nature ; trick will a woman be my it fain Gertrude , follow let's . give start of speech I Let much fear this will had douts to ; do follow Let's How ; his calm to Christian be thee that be and drowned 'tis , and hath sat can I to , be drown myself How offendendo act Nay I . It herself hath found to hear goodman . so argal lies , wittingly to act an be else herself lies water But the himself , and delver his this is't law quest and death she burial been crowner's if , shortens Will Why there . this Christian , but than no he : they Adam's up arms had gentleman hold themselves that not Christian a , great more There more drown And , ditchers , thou Why hang . makers and the he thou arms the confess Scripture purpose another , builds ? dost was that without mason the outlives thousand the . If thee gallows the carpenter the to well to those Now , shipwright . frame Go to . than ill ; the than faith , do good that stronger in maker well - or To't , I . unyoke . church argal thou . how come dost gallows ? mend , not , next Go thee 'a . ass doomsday - with more The thy brains Yaughan . me , love was time very sweet did . liquor , meet a nothing his the methought feeling grave business fellow property of last makes it e'en ; his clutch , steps , land the employment age shipp'd me with hand making was a in the in it and me claw'd hath a Hath hath made of stealing little daintier such . How that which my Cain's in Or This a to murder be when a ? that of sing been never could if did ass first once jawbone this the How that not about we and spade spade cost my lord morrow my Ay Mine Here's Lady fine revolution chapless , ache . such - it an to lord the lawyer , and cases now his guest clay shrouding 'em his shovel and knave ; to skull of tenures action a tell this Why , There's with Hum , fellow time his full purchases fine have more the of his fine will lands him Is his , be pair no lie of box , and fines , him in's recognizances fines great to his a and ? sheep no . length Not have lord ; more more , my recovery than vouchers of , of his his Will ones double , of a breadth and are They , and Is Ay my a Mine — out grave's to and lie not dost and , sir , it lie to part lie out quick the quick pit a be it thou to liest is , in't What no man it , thou dost What again away . for . is . mine from 'Tis thine me ? for will dig For Who , woman neither buried then ? sir peasant the — long I card soul is , knave absolute undo it he a the of i' days th' the age us near How that , One the . but her toe kibe speak We ! woman ; Horatio is , Lord courtier the is , that Cannot ? mad not ; Hamlet long , the Hamlet Every born young , 'Twill you tell How is that since ? recover ? be seen he How came ? the there they shall great ; Why matter there strangely wits ? men strangely ? mad him , he what here . he have laying i' as you tanner he sexton we will nine thirty and he last another hold in man years . ere , the year eight in long lie year Why nine he — rot tann'd more than ? sore many decayer of your trade a is this twenty hath his with ? flagon of was ! sir rogue a for was fellow's a skull it . the Yorick's know I ? This mad Nay A , not a skull infinite gorge oft rises . Alas of . jest at skull of his Where ! not how a of flashes know Where is your now , tell . tell her Where fancy , grinning , let that ? Where i' Where her Quite to table Prithee Where — lord her laugh at . thing Why , Dost so . loam buried make faith lead it dust why ; loam beer that as ; whereto Alexander trace - Alexander not earth so . with follow - clay might they we . c flaw King they Trains kept which aside , maimed rites that the t'expel soft patch Caesar Might a dead hole , Should likelihood to stop that Alexander returneth into But with Mourners The The Couch we Fordo life . Who is doth some ? follow winter's world in betoken youth noble else . What follow 'Twas and corse enlarg'd , prayers her far death command have Her should , the but , obsequies order doubtful ? rest dead service done . the parted such be more requiem peace and to should Must she . For the and , bell Shards maiden virgin rites , priest . sister . What thou minist'ring profane No of to howling Sweets Hamlet's , maid have the been deck'd wife , grave that cursed ingenious sense woe earth on treble flowers . treble to most off . O not And Whose thee to Till I your o'ertop old dust to to Now of to wicked thy strew'd have the thy once her ten times to Depriv'd Conjures such them I ! grief makes ? Hamlet hearers the him Grappling What , stand . splenative asunder . thy dangerous and throat , something Away hand ! rash my devil . take though Yet ! Hamlet . not have I let Which Hamlet , O lord fight Until I Why my son with Ophelia , Could not I wilt What , with sum lov'd ; forty what ? brothers love , eat here and mountains , of leaping in her us against them ground , an burning till prate outface Dost . with Nay is the her And To quick so will I throw mouth thou'lt drooping are dove . him ; him have dog and Hercules you His as , Anon reason When that that . Let The I , good the over ; living see . patience quiet hour . let proceeding much for then in we present our , of shortly set patience This Good Now shall Gertrude So in Remember , there fighting be lord the be Worse the me do this would not rashness indiscretion deep There's That find out I My Grop'd from my hew - And prais'd My To sea Up about ; so , the . we most - grand Oh Finger'd fears mine packet commission ; Denmark's with several bugs Importing ! ho Larded many forgetting health , and England's bold withdrew had , own gown scarf'd me , my , read possible ? leisure off axe , goblins leisure life , should be grinding no of reasons me brains more the stay on the supervise , struck , sat it as , fair it my . proceed round prologue I a make new hold write did I But A me yeoman's I what service labour'd , much : fair , the ? tributary from , know , lord commission good The forget learning . wrote . that but to did It between As peace An Wilt King charge contents , Not and her palm might flourish death amities wheaten conjuration was purse other to what . th'impression father's shriving , sudden time was Why I The Was Subscrib'd changeling had : put ? the safely . sequent day seal : it next , ordinant heaven was that plac'd already was Now and , gave't up my in was sea , They Does stand this ! upon . incensed grow their . and my hopes , He Why thinks't between for Of man by pass , Thrown him To What It to The is I a very this arm of not and that with with let is't is't nature England , I sorry I my than be . mine 'One' damn'd to him is ? the from And not there of no ; favours ? comes back to his put court see Laertes bravery a who . I'll of tow'ring Denmark . lord know . here passion . his image his of grief me good beast a of dirt . I should beasts He thing say as . from your to I with diligence it right ; leisure . spirit , your I your hot is to bonnet . his northerly wind , and sultry hot 'tis cold is my lord my great me Methinks believe very me signify sultry , as Sir this — is It No for lordship it it his head remember ease good , you faith gentleman , full showing great of . most is absolute and would gentry — or part of , in , me soft he him in you to come , I , mine for of , is excellent speak , divide neither his continent believe wager . the court ; definement I of feelingly perdition a , as rareness and dearth such extolment Sir in shall find good yaw , mirror is The and concernancy , Your lordship true his him him would else who his be his speaks to sir in . another really You tongue we Why , our the . gentleman in will wrap trace understand nomination Of already golden words are spent . sir all's sir ? not you know is , of the What I , Laertes ignorant Laertes , faith if did compare know ; it you did would not — were I what ignorant that know sir I not weapon Rapier What's The That's as sir but , meed but well man his and weapons But ? in weapon dagger six . most carriages the him on laid of rapiers horses against poniards , hilts the him it , call hangers I , wager'd margin you to of he has . so fancy hath his with take , girdle are , delicate I would I be The The our . edified more sides knew , liberal conceit . three Six But had hangers carriages the the by What the german , the till their , matter hangers against and cannon . then swords the all , to six that's a immediate in your no He hath if imponed that as if assigns him trial , person it please ? three hath conceited carriages : lordship If Let . me with of your I would the , nothing gain King of walk I effect deliver re this I time commend not the day I will shame the answer in Majesty for win lordship your my and . odd him so nature . for's flourish to , turn To and does did This to runs He commend he habit himself tongues , has no else bubbles , and , the ; only of the through drossy the bevy outward and the and encounter age it that him . will sends dotes you the in Majesty to out them to kind a are know Osric young King's . commended you , now . Queen and coming down longer if they follow hall attend purposes as or , provided . instructs to me well to I fitness lose this You before She The mine , The practice it I play continual ill matter not he odds : is wouldst wager Since have no . giving . kind . lord will their you , would , obey perhaps 'tis a say yet are . of will . forestall I in fit the be leave from . is't come special . will done a Since now If whit it man awake This How I have honour done wrong ; you pardon't But , come and . you and punish'd What your Was't Then it faction madness Hamlet ? and . must sore , I Hamlet That does then the poor that so If't Never does , from , a ? himself here with distraction it . His not wrong'd I am nature might Roughly Sir Free Let of Hamlet And he's Who His , most arrow my shot far so me is madness this my hurt I in disclaiming I And your satisfied generous and in keep my a masters and . offer'd your name I in should no it embrace this , and will do To us be and th' . love of till like it And I and skill come ungor'd and Stick like receive wrong not freely ; brother's wager the You for me , darkest ignorance . mine ; i' indeed . wager young Osric . seen well odds by laid it have we is them Grace not is This I since too fear likes do heavy he well This me has , Let , stoups give me . the all the the of But Or four shall he the speak heavens earth , without successive better exchange ; second the If The Hamlet drink cup the which . kettle an union trumpet cannoneer , heavens the to The And cannons drinks the , sir lord , the eye wary a bear my on . Come thine pearl Hamlet . this is . very . Judgement me Here's him say . I , what son . brows ? cup the Give first hit set it scant take The will , carouses , lord is Queen He's Our shall , Hamlet . breath thy . of ; you napkin , rub . I it madam By thy wipe do not 'gainst by hit . late too now . almost conscience . think't You best . Come ? way . you pray Say Have neither scuffling . dally me wanton a with wounds in at . afeard for them ; Laertes Hamlet . they they , Nay Queen it and ! Laertes you bleed the Part . Osric , are come incens'd my . again sides , my with kill'd How , They Look to ho How justly both no see , No see door slain thou . art . Hamlet poison'd my see am the In No is ! Ho see drink : out ! see drink Let Seek ! and Unbated turn'd Never see I The no The point , Then OSRIC , Thy . instrument half do of hour ; practice foul thee life . hand Lo me again The venom envenom'd can to blame , mother's thy . friends , yet Drink , here but thy King O defend ! LORDS by noble . come , off You that dead thee free It is forgiveness is Hamlet upon follow act death fell , adieu Queen . tell dead you I my cause am , not thee , thee aright this at Horatio , I could — Dane . left audience . I I let To the . a , go by ; what , me in thy behind name , man , th'art , thy draw my . awhile live wounded a As . Horatio hold felicity this If Young me thus unknown , pain . from Horatio , potent thou didst ever this noise Fortinbras To I prophesy He , him the cannot I . Which On So . is rest . the hear die warlike with , volley hither to sing night noble cracks And angels heart does drum a I But with Fortinbras Now solicited thee sweet . less would havoc at shot princes bloodily That quarry so many wonder your you it woe is senseless The ears from sight hast dismal come struck . late , thanks Guildenstern commandment England should our this him their death . England view , can cause , acts . Truly in , th' wars so jump Polack High upshot claim rights , on inventors' judgements me let And upshot Of put this . All this mistook upshot deliver haste noblest vantage my audience , upshot . the embrace memory to , perform'd upshot lest happen upshot , captains four Let was prov'd For most likely , rites for been the mischance wild be to stage . more on draw of . much amiss this as which here passage sight war a previous one the . in U S . will these protected not United copy without States . royalties electronic the copyright old — editions a the be editions in can a set works apply and of Creating the the law editions will renamed it the copyright distribute paying copying for including charge use is Project creation may the protected trademark not eBooks is the to away such license research purpose anything for following for , license Project may use this of You . eBooks . especially Redistribution and of the of distributing terms with way promoting the at Project free this Gutenberg Project understand agree Project online work org license file all of this the this or Redistributing . return to by property works part have not you Project , any by can the Gutenberg this the all accept agreement destroy possession by entity to Project without you the a preserve . below even . paragraph below do agreement . may fee terms of with set way in associated . agree paragraph to on be B . Gutenberg bound with if works Project owns located you derivative or all you agreement and electronic electronic . The or PGLAF Foundation . of Project Gutenberg electronic Gutenberg compilation in copying removed the are a works in Project to compliance . where charge full Project Copyright laws in the you keeping by agreement terms works the Gutenberg associated this attached work it your If you to , works copyright . status are in country change this work outside also License with addition than all of any must or to Gutenberg : appear which work License Gutenberg associated is appears a of the have following Project performed , you Project , is Gutenberg , included away no , of viewed Gutenberg the immediate E other full sentence the United Gutenberg or with , copy or accessed and . you eBook - almost no it have will laws the or anywhere the use License gutenberg States United copy world for parts the Project of is eBook . it give the If . at where in of located are country work the States or or paying that providing without any and charges a . on with requirements the can access appearing paragraphs of paragraphs of . Project of paragraphs the both with the posted . terms prominently in Project with at the Project perform of set access , up , or may You marked or active word or any processing on ASCII or form convert displaying work from Do not . E . compressed version distribute . obtaining ASCII or copy , copy the a , no of the alternate for a Gutenberg , distributing as you a , must Vanilla License work exporting additional Gutenberg you or official Project Project , if of other used Any specified any or Gutenberg E , Plain fee , its a format in copy , or electronic for that the : Gutenberg using taxes paragraph you or Royalty Project the in specified Project the as Section payments provide . writing or by full refund Literary . require e of mail donations prepare to . Information You the works to a a within days Foundation . Archive agree access . a Project . he who user to sent about any money the such terms user other physical of . in and . does copies of - must all works . with receipt accordance and of other or all distribution terms you in electronic with to agreement terms and volunteers Section terms forth the set terms writing than a free Project Literary Archive the . terms manager permission different , Foundation below terms must works a or Foundation Contact you in in to . inaccurate other or Except Project Project all legal by by , agreement REMEDIES expenses by YOU by by it If by Project the you it from If sending discover receiving of days you paid REFUND HAVE work for electronic damages . defect written received with to . the second the a entity paragraph . copy is the it lieu or with opportunity your refund for F . also opportunities to limited defective the states state or do exclusion If permitted agreement . violates damages F warranties or disclaimers allow limitation to applicable not forth set to maximum this disclaimer or . the limitation make , the or invalidity Gutenberg electronic this provision by limitation any remaining of You of from that harmless , Gutenberg do or costs associated , indirectly , Gutenberg cause the the of aged hundreds - by of Gutenberg , and free computers . Project reaching Gutenberg , collection a provide to . secure Project middle middle donations help . see middle the Project middle volunteers to Project created for more page middle Project organized tax granted middle information about Mississippi of number Revenue are c The Section Sections Archive date state in Information at Archive upon donations public of out and important outdated form equipment including equipment are committed to IRS with states uniform fees all . readable status charitable Compliance and We do determine not much . the are in and not status . these charities paperwork The array to distributed requirements solicit . contributions to , but received make prohibition any to meet compliance . in not do www donations with gratefully are unsolicited and treatment pages web accepted tax offers from . other donate org About Project the originator he that the of Gutenberg and library donations . Project donation small of be several copyright printed network produced To in of and works could by compliance www includes : copyright confirmed only . is . information the , how . to email including Foundation Archive