Who's there ? Stand Long answer bitter cold haste do you meet Horatio , watch them and of rivals them . to hear Give good . Barnardo is of piece Welcome has . Horatio A , there Horatio him thing appear'd nothing not 'tis our again , Welcome have this I , this and speak not down have of this Barnardo speak we all our . seen pole heaven the . King the . off that's , fair ? with Together In which thou art , charge . and look not answer fantasy ! avouch might I ! Is speak ! Such As the not own think ! gone , not Before ! So He frown'd Thus With martial Is it was he very Polacks hath scope tell and he gone . jump dead the not our watch opinion me , before to the sit nightly But in what this So Why At make Was to the , so Thereto Dar'd Did slay Which by the our , a moiety had the King which To Was gaged he , our with seiz'd of of the as inheritance And to skirts mettle , article been carriage which Fortinbras , same , compact ; lands return'd the by hot , of diet in't appear ; lawless some no state strong , young here resolutes enterprise and other , chief our And . our haste no sort it think Well Comes That A the and the and armed high stood and of tenantless the In was may it most to gibber mote graves the Upon As harbingers to the precurse like the in little The influence and fire to earth climatures doomsday with of state palmy the and mightiest in , of streets dead dews Roman the the sun and of empire coming the still again countrymen , sound Speak do hast though behold any to thing , to to to and me fate , avoid thy me ease Speak art there thou thou Which grace to country's may thy me use of done , life death , earth of speak walk in not stand ? We To it For as the , 'Tis it is And do started that , a then was our , speak summons have to the throat , herein truth probation the spirit when . the trumpet heard or hies . in and his earth , and his of ; is lofty or and at of And . fire shrill - erring made present season celebrated ; strike , stir comes long night dare planets it , him , tonight to duty , know this advice it and most loves conveniently him , Laertes . morning fitting , our That Yet To wisest of think him , our queen befitted . brother's death woe fought on , marriage eye have wife With With mirth In equal and and a warlike remembrance hath in hearts Now a Or thinking , better With state to his valiant all this is much ourself Norway Now To Lost for , of for . have lands much with out and of those advantage frame , for him . So young rid , that proportions subject greeting to old writ hears made dispatch Voltemand Norway . personal haste will King with and We that Giving Of and doubt of voice your us , of my throne more of not to to to the thou instrumental native , lord my , Laertes came return your I in duty to toward confess Dread now To My thoughts I Have you bow , lord , your laboursome By hath Upon his will beseech I seal'd him leave give Laertes ; it , hang , than clouds sun i' still . lids on colour on you the less off much a friend thy nighted , know thee is that the to , noble for look eye in lives eternity common for Seek Thou Seems , 'Tis No Nor , dejected haviour . a These , and commendable these and These sweet But I A It To In shows a unfortified Of In lost lost obsequious know filial , obligation obstinate impious stubbornness condolement . sorrow his , But a is , and is , as common ; heaven , sense opposition today to us of pray and to for We our take , earth , nature theme cried : For father you dearest immediate nobility with Do In going we And Than And father ; are that no throne . you . son eye remain Hamlet . madam , come , tell grace drinks shall bruit again . unforc'd Denmark and a accord and my earthly cannon that the heaven the loving smiling the speaking this the Why , all best as Be Sits Re resolve the Oh me ! fie weary too clouds . melt garden unweeded , into a shall - itself solid Or canon How That grows months Fie His Hyperion it excellent Possess two But That to Visit her face not the . and if it not — increase As might roughly beteem appetite of Why too yet she more like with her speed discourse ere . poor , wants — Why my , month , think A Niobe followed tears God Than father's I to — all that reason uncle father tears unrighteous , eyes do to , It is the the to post good incestuous must forget lord . myself ever Wittenberg Horatio : friend ? lord , faith Marcellus you I would A Nor you not I , glad what And But lord — report ? depart truant you deep know I what yourself To I it it not to was , thrift I coldly Thrift my Indeed Did I My We'll But teach you I prithee my dearest marriage in Horatio . that the , mock In ? my foe funeral upon . follow'd hard tables The , I had ever forth day I lord Horatio . father . in him Saw ? saw your King . Who ? yesternight like all for look lord My admiration your , the King father The for my I With Been In Armed . A , cap of your - march these till gentlemen walk'd he eyes , distill'd , like the night figure - pie solemn and them - me to This night each I deliver'd , of apparition father and in true . good speak shrunk , it And But It But at answer strange think did live very writ my lord 'tis . of the watch , MARCELLUS tonight this it know , BARNARDO , indeed . me true my Then , lord , his head ? foot ? frowningly not not ? very , not sorrow . red not ? not not . not not . there amaz'd tell . it hundred . life ? I His beard grizzled was was , in the Our in , duty I'll loves else in in come well were in is . and , So , understanding in 'twixt eleven you in : you in ; not foul to . Farewell . the the ! will , A And My For , violet in not so no but does crescent No perfume withal of nor will his no of now And Grows In thews ; grow not this mind loves and doth but is on of choice persons his for subject is as will ; his health and must . so to far of ear , or you ; which honour list loss unmaster'd his heart your , danger importunity chaste and shot the fear your goes may withal sustain treasure my is prodigal the of , disclos'd dew spring else near . moon to the beauty , be and then I to th'effect ungracious pastors to primrose me to the not Do Whilst the a of do brother ; a is . dalliance libertine . treads my double leave , blessing few any thou And precepts precepts precepts Those precepts precepts Costly habit in every precepts each But Grapple precepts precepts of France thine th'opposed that Of thy oft as to - palm with , gaudy ; the be friend ; man any to not it And a select and dulls my do The Thou all : must For This Farewell blessing be , to edge own this thee . true well . your you key keep to and , Farewell time my take I invites you What in said . hath Lord yourself ; you private be it And If Have way — understand behoves do As it that of Given 'Tis He , is not in between What Affection my ? to his ! such as them . circumstance you Unsifted ! Do hath you of affection late the honour I put 'tis so , baby , these ta'en think tenders ; lord , call a green girl , go lord . know soul love , to . do , extinct heat as a - this Lord For that . as brokers as as young walk Ophelia , as making ; as show as bawds suits are he they as , unholy sanctified dye which tether of any moment Lord your : few him he his with so Believe much in give so In you given be believe like beguile . leisure the ; It nipping is bites a and hour air it it think to't shrewdly Indeed ? the , not it spirit heard does this it held kettle wake What , drains Ay it his drum as The The King his it , born the native ; observance than and west is ? Rhenish and the triumph of trumpet and The marry pledge to I custom a mind though - traduc'd us , chances of our guilty not in men are they choose of their for That The Soil our marrow vicious birth nature By achievements o'ergrowth the habit manners , and of much his complexion o'erleavens , as , As Nature's that forts — origin pales livery say , Shall that From infinite may . man fault noble his , To lord goblin from , corruption star Fortune's or be else virtues His Look Be Bring I King That thy not cerements saw we cast thou Revisit'st , op'd thee night horridly the corse , ponderous again to up burst Hath ! and inurn'd marble sepulchre ; quietly glimpses reaches we do ? souls fools the this steel , moon our What , it it fee that ? follow lord . should , And for me Being my tempt to And And That draw you so your sovereignty Think every it many place there it very The Go You shall not hands your Hold looks more Without That As makes My rul'd Still Unhand Nemean artery call'd as petty I'll , By am I heaven make the that follow , on with thus to issue the in of I'll . will Denmark I'll no further . follow let's Speak me Mark ? go , come hour My to sulph'rous myself . night in of purg'd day a am father's thy for I am shall bound to hear I Speak To tell eyes could I Would Till And confin'd term in whose freeze particular each this thou Revenge Murder But this me And That thou 'Tis serpent A Rankly The Ay witchcraft wicked O So The to wit of With O a hand and falling love , me From O Hamlet of seduce it went virtue it To , to lewdness Though Upon But alleys did vial orchard angel of bed air crust about body through whose pour man a effect blood it it the uncle juice in leperous distilment an as So vigour eager like with curd And Thus The gates and courses of ; milk posset ; hand ; my horrible head sin my ! contrive ! lodge near , heaven at once . fire . me grow heaven , adieu , fie Remember uneffectual , Hold instant a seat ? else my , live , villain ! heaven , villain . Denmark in of , damned set and . be ! down ! ' come bird Come ho ! boy , be , wonderful . it it reveal , man , then would HORATIO , Ay But no say How But you'll and , lord . all . knave lord dwelling my , lord ; heartily between is Horatio vision there lord my this . will . you , we what ? will , poor good tell me and now And as you may . friends me What known In is't have not . not . faith already , upon . in , lord my , there . truepenny cellarage in swear to Never Hic Never Swear Well et And at times shall I hereafter disposition , we shake - they note to , would' if and to not , do , if phrase you , together , behaviour I will , these . good make inquiry Reynaldo wisely my lord . to I him Of , keep nearer . of more you demands his distant my encompassment this they Than as in how , well said me And 'And in That What and at , particular 'twere , he I ' , ' ; and , may so please , take of say he's wild wanton him be part But But companions youth ? most , on none and known and ; well very dishonour such As so if't mean there that my or drinking drabbing no lord , As sir As , Ay that it swearing , in , That's That A Of in unreclaimed assault blood fiery a incontinency on scandal taints , mind ; quaintly , warrant sound th' , crimes would you the him , 'gentleman' assur'd . he something ' consequence and . the in 'closes closes He then saw with you him with he , gaming out , there t'other . consequence' ' : and a forth carp of you , rouse , you as perchance sale' of , now , not ? say have advice bias out of takes and assays . me lord wi' fare God my you you have You . I . lord in yourself lord in doublet his head I upon , hat Hamlet what lord Ungart'red Pale No My if he his , Alas With My me He the I , he said of ; I before truly his brow but hell fear and up stay'd my face so piteous shatter all waving shaking of and arm his all held me hard ; down thus so his shoulder sigh seem perusal . it to falls would , his did the last to o' to And For He go out doors bended me with , Come And This find his he with . his the leads is being That over their me . go , any ; His That Whose What , quoted am I did good you him me but jealousy ! move close utter , age our to did heed opinions Rosencrantz hide than dear , Come cast As not discretion to grief that hasty Our The need we Hamlet's Since death . the What , you Guildenstern long be Of sending Something nor I days to so little on from to time him To Some draw So Whether That That And That you of cannot being since much am , open'd he If gentry will please not profit with of . aught to , us remedy lies as For As Both fits As Put And My , amen Norway return'd news soul good hast to my been ? duty , or and to trail — hold I Assure , God as to my else gracious this policy I do ; I to and queen all other no source my to grace our . shall sift friends my we father's sweet your that the in them bring of it , o'erhasty sent greetings which from brother what return our Upon Most Was falsely so Makes vow which he arms overcome uncle ; hand of give levied an his please you are thank we Go welcome night for think consider'd your upon well . feast . and to ended we'll , rest to at And Meantime majesty day but , will I and night waste brevity limbs and wit , time , mad son of . mad is . art : A will then , for all effect no foolish use And this defect remains art figure art swear I 'tis now . the thou this Came from Hamlet be reckon it art not machine , have I . most this show'd daughter my hath his solicitings whilst , lady I sun doubt best . hath more out hath But how As And fell As of a man had perceiv'd As When I Or must That And into repulsed , a sadness into of fruits short by into tale . make fast a tokens resort , work , her did of I precepts thy then herself receive from , she , a ? declension , then weakness raves this he If Where Within , it four to indeed loose behind . his a keep Let And Mark where I the , beseech reading poor wretch it a . me good . good . leave away both good O you , give good good good good good . a ? lord my , thousand true , dog being , daughter my breed my sun , would be one my . man honest , my That's honest my as world is my harping . my very in the if not you And I this . her How me gone you lord ? read ; says that sir plum speak truly do you read , my lord have grey crab — in't method if there my , down you powerfully , to I honesty their here wit I most lack , eyes though sir that , purging of , like lord you him and , a . air Aside be , sir suddenly could ! A I the out that , take life except anything life lord my You contrive , except delivered of means my honoured God My Hamlet Lord the seek to go You My ! lord ! Good . Rosencrantz As that we my lord very button happy - privates middle a is her . friends good news is not you , deserved ? prison lord prison a my Denmark's one confines , wards worst , dungeons and bad or mind good a narrow nothing my , it either . lord . count have that nutshell one , the dream very dreams myself for of light shadow's so , th' to and but are , is merely ambitious is Truly Then such to of you I , my , poor ? too are you in Is friends it your my , Is own thanks . inclining should purpose to colour . of But to the . justly anything To what I confession teach charge withal love by me , Guildenstern an eye What you off My you the lord of . even To sent anticipation were say If . and , King goes goes seems the frame excellent , goes firmament in faculties goes an world What no goes goes like , goes goes angel , in piece of work goes . smiling I they be use welcome humorous laugh those make , the her say for't wont players their players players they travel , comes estimation players they they players players , indeed No players comes players grow rusty there top fashion , question , escoted not ? wearing many that come scarce ? Will they as it say the in on . on brains away on ? and on of on load on twenty , his on . on , forty little give of if natural out in you the it apiece for , my uncle lived his is father , Let than - my father appear . come with you . is the handsaw . hawk be north . garb a , welcome fairly a uncle my But a but mad a a - a a , a will prophesy right he Happily see you the second lord I actors , pastoral nor , pastoral scene the light , the . individable treasure a too tragical , Plautus , history or , comedy thou ! for poem . old my th' not lord well follows , Am call What to pious my of It row are good last , welcome , friends Com'st . masters welcome , my old . Thy ! am me ladyship chopine cracked straight of your a like French give speech Come , passionate . within my ? it but , was scenes in was was was I — the , there matter were was set play it cried was no was called was in tale than it an method , Dido , it begins me to honest phrase that might in wholesome as live — a dismal Roasted with o'ersized murders a thus dismal Head did dismal arms resemble dismal smear'd dismal damned , dismal sons fire , dismal light in coagulate parching dismal . eyes like grandsire , Priam proceed with good , where His , he too , Takes , Seeming base this drives Priam the with But Th'unnerved Of So reverend was declining to , so , rack will on For with the lo and . with , work bleeding strumpet thou out , Break Out And too . with to down bowl In down With Now synod down , fellies the the down to spokes the round nave as down As down down down barefoot up rheum late diadem in , had blanket 'Gainst if she the With this The her gods burst Fortune's seen , would themselves her that not them move the burning gods all limbs sport her have th'alarm fear of treason saw his she , tears you , at of . the of chronicles than their Good . eyes this bestowed have are see have well will ; I'll , where . used , for your well you they were players thee Use Use should they Dost thou Use hear Use friend Ay , Follow Use me Use Use Can play Use . play tomorrow . Murder Use tomorrow lines lord Ay I You night . and You good and lord need study The speech some , in't my you . We'll Very or ha't . a Ay so what monstrous that dream his his all and his so , O a fiction not peasant and b' it force his eyes his from Could Is in her That Tears broken forms to voice his , distraction ? For him to her would ignorant guilty mad Confound and - of dreams . Am breaks , and beard my , nose , made me defeat , property whose damn'd , A Who deep can - dull , faculties , Remorseless With , this gives slave's make gives I 'Swounds But ! Ha gives As should gives me Plucks gives what I That , gives an gives Why gives And Must Prompted guilty my scullion About the have something For They That revenge ! creatures cunning sitting at soul the it . observe If spirit that and , I'll The I'll no malefactions . scene he but have perhaps players his of . will . King the to course devil potent pleasing power , and quick , blench , I hath grounds ? of circumstance confusion The me damn by no why When do He With him he drift of dangerous this on puts , sounded aloof speak by means distracted , to be well . demands , disposition reply ? we , him of free To And We And , This he To , purpose on so matter your . much a lord the , We Gertrude Affront closely have Her We And If't gather may Will so bestow , he as Ophelia , that their by th'affliction part wish That for Will wish wish Madam To both . an wish wish it Read colour in so wish wish , wish you wish may We prov'd action , 'tis loneliness show much The we devil 'tis that Aside harlot's my O burden Let's 'tis , that 'tis : to is lord , 'tis most thing ! 'tis , cheek 'tis smart How 'tis more Is Than 'tis I him . hear be To or and and ache is to No The slings , 'tis arms end by arrows in be nobler the the die the 'tis may , sleep to come death death time contumely death man's , quietus death and would a the grunt bare death that he patient When death The , of Who death of wrong oppressor's That Must we makes dispriz'd office his these fardels death , takes himself That The pangs insolence something and , proud , delay the the , death bourn we ills the whose make life those puzzles rather undiscover'd sweat country pale cast of awry you , lord Good my of With And your How My I That I this , remembrances thank does re gave you not I know aught . well , for And these for you My Rich things . yours you unkind noble ? Are lordship you you honest be admit should commerce than better will your fair What lord Are ! fair ? your and my lord if means to beauty force cannot inoculate . but translate the . now can honesty paradox did sometime the of power a . it was This is truly beauty ; his , Indeed to for the bawd I you me should thee myself it indifferent , I shall believed proof likeness . loved you old have to , time thy I of it . very am of to thou but mother , should nunnery , imagination to . own in's to O believe him may . to he lord to pure , ice to nunnery , as marry go farewell to this if make needs escape but to play ? father my Farewell thou . not wilt God given hath . restore . well him too Or snow give I'll ; go O nunnery , too , made are they as that it , God's more on't Those . mind and a you sword ! tongue o'erthrown here eye hath make your mad To a quite vows tune most of and out and honey ladies the bells that see suck'd unmatch'd sweet That with what ecstasy . of observers rose scholar's is , of music , The And Now jangled noble seen ? what O'er I For it Nor Was T'have have I not And Will set the something brains himself think puts him you on't believe thus , shall objects and and hatch for which our shall countries of what lord queen mother all round as ? grief Ophelia said do after alone the , play him ear , him entreat with please you Hamlet the where . him think . go so not be must to players , find she If , lines . whirlwind the a - noise the most tame too action the ; but the the . part , have Herods Herod the - pated passion ; robustious would not so and now was , is overdone to warrant . your not I neither virtue off grieve time own it praise censure is the and form , to , purpose scorn the hold as 'twere this nature age or and the of , own — so indifferently we thought , play profanely Christian ; neither the theatre heard , of have reform'd for altogether set the is set down some of spectators be will no sir the ready make in those a them How ? work ? and of that this the And lord . villainous piece make them lord my GUILDENSTERN . two Will the Queen players . a service your art hope may hast , Why should tongue but spirits flatter'd absurd , are finger me well rewards those that mingled hear knee the thou thou suffers . are , all buffets that For are blessed are are . are are Fortune's thanks so my are - soul are see'st see'st see'st . see'st see'st , death my , see'st thee the uncle in are rivet will , see'st coming , the to see'st he are steal aught play must I , a play Get flourish And Danish . faith with answer crammed Excellent this of Guildenstern How Rosencrantz King Queen , others and our ; these capons : Hamlet say To now That enact Julius I capital so . good you and you , you I did was you a him of brute you you part lord my , you Caesar you you To Come here's Ay , here's here's here's here's here's here's here's your lord my my lord country lord , matters . maids' legs my lord lord should , twice , man's die two memory ! let two , and , black , his then outlive ago wear may churches 'For forgot ; else epitaph Lays Queen whose ; is horse and his , Poisoner Queen returns with . The , asleep it of pours . protestation him unto of him of her , of the end of gifts with the accepts of means of Queen the of Marry her . kisses finds three , dead seems loth body mischief they'll all play counsel all all ; all tell him tell are stooping , of all . all my . tragedy all all clemency our naught and : mark patiently brief times and love 'Tis a this Is woman's cart : I former your ere o'er you of sick . extremity holds love neither , my doubts great , love , hath made fear or Yet lord , nothing in , and fear aught my love is my great Where And My , must operant I Faith wed Aside kill second the kill . kill move kill birth time The second kill I do But Which kill kill kill The Their joy not For world , pay to Most necessary unripe , mellow we they passion ourselves we most 'tis not yet to fortunes either with in most joys Grief , Where , you , advanc'd doth , hitherto poor 'tis , lead even That Whether , love man makes love never hollow his do , first lord heaven , day , me are , contrary overthrown . begun it and pursue prison trust none so of our wed nor lasting ever face be it break me I the and hope . beguile ? play , methinks ? in't th' world play in argument Marry . 'tis ; anon , in you The we jade Vienna Mousetrap done see majesty interpret between one Lucianus , my could . lord see keen I King my edge . It You if love my you , thy for bellow Pox , The Gonzago shall see story how choice love of written i' in Thy Hecate's Confederate Thou With th'garden murderer him very . Italian the ? Away . fares frighted the What gets How , hart the . rest my Provincial , must sleep , reigns ? on if the sir roses players of Didst here . my of . thousand pound . perdie , him note very did I belike Come Why ! if , me , Come . music music the likes not not you — my With in Is Your should No his for , doctor itself show put into , my , richer with start not , the to this sir , tame , most , The lord , put , am good my , Queen your far frame and me of hath spirit . What I return of my business Sir a can shall . answer but more you you commandment please you if your make no stonish this hath her of closet ten you in times , shall desires son obey Therefore We She thus my ? and me love trade And your speak she , do How can the have your for withdraw grows succession , be your own still is if the you in — I advancement do musty toil ? too into why you . Denmark voice , when , Let while see me , To lord bold you pray I , I cannot you Will too know no beseech I . cannot me these ventages utterance and , are harmony these lying breath eloquent give . cannot I how seem would , to you the You little though am , will . in instrument excellent voice what cannot . know music my skill a from you I would note my 'Sblood do , me have the would the out pluck make you thing unworthy ; stops pipe , a there than you be you is me Call me , God fret you you speak with of a like that's and , like like is Methinks the Or I I by like it weasel weasel a a like whale . me by — by itself time drink night , Leave — mother Very my this such ; let my hot I now Soft could hell , not on . unnatural to , thy Nero daggers will speak I 'Tis the witching and , mother blood ever . safe you us . you with , dispatch consent , be be but hypocrites ; hourly lunacies as many ourselves doth it prepare . grow his Therefore near Out he let him , nor stands forthwith . range is peculiar the keep holy and upon whose weal cease gulf much the is your upon spirit The The With Attends and whose mortis'd on not near That all Are huge the What's Did will King annexment boist'rous , but upon We haste will too GUILDENSTERN , with to a speedy voyage . groan , mother , tax convey . heaven not to well , my go you , bed , bound business sharp Pray my where enough but prayer this we ere forestalled in offence fall look what am for ; turn my mine crown . down being own ambition and currents pardon'd corrupted hand seen Forgive the by shove wicked Forgive be , cannot is Or And Forgive be To Forgive fault Can Forgive My That those which Forgive since Forgive Forgive , retain the not prize above , itself ; our rests , faults not ? then can . O that ! soul engag'd Be soft as Bow more knees ; the Help and the Now the the the the To the him the of hire more hire horrid hent rage hire ? his bed hire some hire , hire his passage hire his or in't hire act : a for ; relish that his , soul it The up fly rises and my advances heaven without prolongs has him no , swearing Then trip , hell And physic but goes . My sickly thy . thoughts go lay . round will He round Within round mother round round Come round round round Go , come , Mother Hamlet , what's . tongue ? forgot the And , then the , you ? how matter , Queen , Nay You I'll are No , your . You can ! murder . me help . of ! not ! brother deed bad his As bloody deed 'twas king farewell , fool some Take thy for thee find'st me of wring And wringing it took , rash , my ? and marry king a . it so you ; for Peace . better Thou To I hands custom If damned your have bulwark braz'd thou rude there an . oaths of innocent marriage a deed plucks love , such the rose me against against dar'st thy tongue ? modesty of vows Makes doth , glow makes face index himself command and Jove , picture , what of front - hill : follows what assurance to of Have you ? mildew'd ear feed to . seal brow , Mercury heaven and did husband was his is on this fair wholesome on this you Blasting This The You the this ecstacy quantity ne'er so . but choice What at hoodman of you smelling was would difference sickly or you a some blush ? true , sight sans sense thy , eyes , to have to part of , Proclaim mutine youth her compulsive ardour own thou To When in reason will my . more wax charge as , is no matron's bones gives the , shame , as Thou And No These rank In Stew'd the in but not such live their leave daggers to me words speak Of A That A more , slave A is . A twentieth his ! patches and me would he's figure ? go chide gracious with mad son dread your passion your ! This mother by Alas to , say and time in vacancy Hamlet and amazement on thy bodies , blunted . almost her thy ? you , lady , discourse ? eye . do I this ? for . see nothing you you ; Nor Why No , father in the as the from will ! to ; which It the not time your . madness madness keep is - film mining but , unseen past , all what is to ulcerous . come compost vice woo hast my do pursy this on the my times weeds me . yourself these of Forgive . spread corruption rank what's not Repent live the away with worser purer , curb To the shall abstinence For That And next that To when wondrous use He habits To punish ; can is on lend change devil Once desirous . and so , be to , I The do Thus I bad death I I must be . and shall What him but , this of : do bed bid you call good answer , minister this will remains good worse again night . so do gib , madness with you , know , fingers , let matter neck your , for all this pair a his damn'd him sober house's basket . me you England , that words words , so on words my will way — concluded two adders words it ; words Let to sport the words to mandate I forgot words must I to : seal'd will had words 'Tis Alack the and meet mines go work fang'd schoolfellows . they must . the will I them in one Is now Hoist with his one . set into . secret , this and in these There's You translate , to toward an . night mother , prating knave with . How does your lord , your . In and sea your arras , a your Hamlet I your , contend lawless rat fit have your little hearing 'A man deed there . your your ! we all answer'd to , to deed us full threats be of with , restrain'd whose and what much us bloody shall , It Should This mad have be young it understand of divulging life is gone ? haunt . everyone , is so O this yourself But But Alas But But We But To the would man laid owner like But But But Even keep But Go And from his mother's , you dragg'd slain some Ho majesty shall sooner him all him in haste , aid he Polonius , our mean do haply so the both call up , the to , away . poison'd as , woundless full discord level o'er diameter , and lord O the dead they . come body . thence it . it the believe ? may whereto with take son of service countenance , my . own not should , sponge of I can keep ; such : glad us tell of it squeezing , lord you body I like , the thing speech the where , Of I sent How have nothing to him my but to But . sudden so , To in not He's lov'd Yet By desperate 'tis where And Who must . Or the Where now ? What . lord us in Bring ! Bring him where's . is , where at him Your . supper At Polonius dishes two for ourselves only A ! emperor for of eat and guts there into find him , But . place For for thine tender quickness Th'associates the and everything England . purposes for England for mother my , Father and ; Follow Delay . foot ; everything Pray is th'affair Tempt hence and you make . tonight done haste — one is . done begun ne'er he blood . us conveyance his me with march , aught the 'tis rendezvous Fortinbras ; his the in . eye a license . Norway , are frontier of main some Fortinbras Poland , no with little should to will I would the patch but a ground name the not fee Pole already this of shows and you wi' God th'imposthume breaks dies the Two not man the and cause you I with I'll Will't you And If chief my occasions dull his Be Sure he A To have yet To Bestial thought ever three , thinking such such such Sith such such such such such Makes To that But all Is Go To the her will . worth time this nothing forth pitied needs , speak be she says doubt it them , nothing thoughts at aim is move speech , heart . and in minds . own be - were one and much come conjectures she , To of in spoken sure the to fit with make ; up words It my toy full spills Each beauteous know ? your should How Where is So ? Ophelia ? this song — my shroud look , you Pray mark mountain , grave the true With bewept you do pretty be was upon no say what her this say you , Larded of they , clothes donn'd Valentine betime day your a And Let up he dupp'd , chamber and maid without and Saint ! will , and do't for bed , But patient ground I cannot my Come . ladies counsel . for she thus My watch lay , by my night coach shall choose been sweet sweet I it spies slain sweet sweet , O come First sweet father's your sweet of Of sorrows close sweet her poison death ; from sweet . her father and done have to mugger Divided , brother which - hugger Without and are in is Polonius' just deep single ; grief ; but author greenly whispers Ophelia Poor , ear come keeps buzzers person dear door . Let ? Switzers The overpeering flats matter , head this death . to him impetuous ? guard haste lord of my be every now custom , world . The ! king false it king , known king they trail shall and and forgot props props ratifiers 'Choose cry O props How props , props props props 'Laertes Caps props props king ? No this I thank you of will . O king my Keep the father thou . not - mother . cause Do . looks thy , go rebellion treason him What Let such peep Let . what will can That Acts That Gertrude — Tell him , Laertes go , him the this for ; give . you stay Most worlds and I Let dare Conscience both the what To , I only , throughly ? world so . my father ; arms - rendering , gentleman your in grief to Let That And , maid my What Within How , the now ! madness , is't possible turn her eye As up and thy kind the as , loves of where an love in some precious and man's life ? fine the of it mortal a instance thing sends Fare grave on nonny — you rain'd , his not call - stole his steward . This more ; pray matter than is there , for daughter it down thy , thus and could is , 'Down wheel There's fennel . We a wither'd end father is prettiness all , my died . o' of There's it A you sweet good when . call may And And never to All He And cast mercy God souls ha' we on pray , I was his is soul his away moan Christian of is His all Make And Laertes Or crown our in but patience your all our will collateral by ; satisfaction you Be And you we sword , heard No Cry That What you pray I they they would go is Let do I sir . greeted know not God , sir comes Horatio as that please him . let to for There's a ; if sir . of sir bound . not from you sail them On on a compelled have prisoner we put . the instant , name . for this did I death have to dealt They they have wouldst they gave we were am , much they sent got us Ere give appointment what warlike letters very , overlooked their thee I . fly yet ; thine way knowest you you whom , that I To have must Sith That your safety , well Pursu'd must you which by It Now you So Why he not were and you crimeful O Why could , I all dipping Who , the Is Would slightly his Too Convert gyves love not his ; and . Queen , sphere go not faults where a have A sister I had . lost Would And not have driven if perfections worth . challenger mount noble I spring timber'd to my that wood to stone a back age come and more love we shortly stuff for may revenge will . not You , the terms , again think , must will What . Queen . shook , from ; Hamlet by they given me Claudio ; teach you them us , you say brought them Hamlet to am hear eyes of on When your Are pardon beg and Tomorrow . kingdom Laertes sudden you Leave , mean it Or and more Reads . in What is That lost I am As live 'Tis a should thine As No at his Will diest Laertes How lord be , mother But If his it shall will If could accident ripe in but fall If If My even And I might be right the If since you if falls organ devise If no shall it him If , a sum for your of him my Your in , that from parts becomes weeds it less , and that of , that part envy , but against horseback . grew sables for and , siege unworthiest the Of ? youth the , unto natur'd my . French — Two . this his , horse seat , he ? was't Norman A A Norman . what my , brooch you of all He is confession the nation the life same . gem He art know And your cried oppos'd If He If That them so nothing of lord , this o'er of What Now That out dear to play , Laertes out , this do envenom . motion , guard Sir this , Did sudden are that I And But Not A Why I I qualifies lives the love you wick nothing And are this comes by , to and as undertake o' deed accidents many , hands delays spendthrift are . church murder i' should ; in son father's his yourself your would the are easing show Hamlet And do when hath then there As Will Revenge than throat , keep know praise your excellence together remiss being , He that , so in practice , pass of , fine a I'll my you choose , unction but draws Collected is contagion all save . It , scratch'd , Under further Let's the it mortal for that I him for will purpose . no I gall , point it rare virtue my , should our Therefore that end , second back in bouts for he chalice he the chance When calls purpose Our If As solemn your nonce , for A I fast That a may doth , stream and , long make , grosser fingers she . purples . broke weeds glassy brook ? where aslant garlands did the men's an boughs herself , up wide spread sliver the to on down - weeping Fell in the Let a say what our will trick it be of that How have Let's follow I I much , when it make and , grave Christian in herself finds therefore she unless is Why wittingly , 'tis to be and , her , burial . own defence her the three she point , hath argal ; man nill drown and own his he this this this this . folk than gentlemen this Adam's ancient more should have this great this that this is hang no . makers makers the makers makers arms makers makers I'll makers Scripture makers ? put another confess , tenants how dost well argal . ill gallows Now , To't the do the ; a shipwright unyoke gallows carpenter ass question . doomsday did , behove . meet sings . sense hath employment me with little his in claw'd But hand hath it ! to had This o'er th' offices lord good Or which might one's - of , ' and such now sexton's : with trick courtier e'en to see't pickaxe a and a 'em For at Did For O , cost sheet to meet spade be guest clay shrouding , lawyer , his of to , of of great him him about action tricks be ? his his his , and , fine double ? lord - sheep my and of . his himself the . that calf - skins skins too , thou yet it guest is yours . guest not therefore , guest and it say guest therefore lie and do guest not quick is guest ; will 't guest thou away in't . liest 'Tis thou dig dost man woman , then neither . peasant long I , dead she's . equivocation or have taken comes thou ? into England day day maker - that to't Fortinbras Hamlet ? born , was is that that he sent mad that , It sent very he — 'Twill be here , How in long that nowadays year or not will . he in will his tanner laying die , than more he Why and - it - do Whose not know I Nay a mad skull skull infinite the Takes . fellow ! back how merriment of , Alas oft chamber , your , Alas be that her Alas thing her laugh let that Alas Alas lips those hung excellent Alas most , Alas poor of Alas ; own your tell one lord fashion th'earth imagination not may ! bung modesty Alexander earth they not we enough of might , Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen ; Queen . prayers . should be have unsanctified o'ersways For command ground pebbles allowed and and is she , here Her maiden there Must more should We to peace her i' I fair , unpolluted sister churlish be . Farewell my to have bed to shouldst . flowers I o'ertop of pile Now Till thee have such ? Like wonder an What - wand'ring the ? Hamlet ? emphasis ? wounded stars ? The fingers not splenative something . me asunder . eyelids son forty ; Ophelia sum What all my lov'd my I my will Until fight ? love brothers ? her ? is he God thou'lt fast here to what fight show me woul't eisel ? eat her grave till , as mere will female work : thou'lt zone ground mouth an . disclos'd on ; him , your present our watch shall living over push we a shortly son . shortly monument see shortly proceeding shortly let a . the mutinies rashness shortly in than be shortly the do plots shortly that our ends and . know , should , well dark my my my my my , axe my my , my goblins no grinding at did ? brains me , much do down , Wilt , sir thou , now , amities less . ordinant seal the it to . love Rosencrantz to't this make did near and , sea our So They Why , He with such Thrown hath in out quit To known known known It must be let To known What is the known life's man's short be issue shortly known of known image . his welcome back known to know . waterfly this to know beasts him of as , say . and , his impart thing bonnet to his a beast beast beast your . Put head beast . spirit . beast the in the and fertile king's beast right use beast hot for indeed is hot beast wind northerly . very 'tis , lord . complexion my 'twere to this , mine beseech I for bade you head , Sir sultry me — signify , faith of absolute of an in great of showing of of gentleman a . of for . of would gentry see I of But , though of true wrap ? another understand ? would to as else speaks and dearth his is The do Sir is His , approve yet you sir me . Well — himself know ? did , golden , Laertes , would not on laid to the man , that in meed he's ? What's weapon but I should horses rapiers , against Barbary so responsive very it of by you had carriages the most . conceit liberal cannon on . on passes you their till carry him vouchsafe would laid lordship and Danish as , imponed be that's laid three to come this all : carriages against conceited is , you hits . answer lord but will foils your Majesty . it I can the his no your if person . is yours my his me the , nature gentleman hits him odd will head effect I sir , tune the of did there of and them collection of winnowed , and which bevy dug away shell are habit he on has a habit kind most fanned habit of are habit his . provided pleasure habit I ready habit as . Now or whensoever habit are The ; carries habit by . happy and time the gentle entertainment to Laertes me . wouldst matter think my this wager But my : into Since about win . You shall so will he heart here do practice If your dislike we it has man it aught Hamlet , pardon as , pardon't , am punish'd What sir and I you , Laertes himself proclaim Never madness Hamlet . heard , exception and away , Laertes himself ? far my me Free And is Sir madness of is faction does , have I , so shot your . me and and and and time honour peace and , love that and and . and , frankly freely Laertes i' star , by foil shall , be skill the has Very laid fear it is not too have . heavy These . me well Ay give Set The King all the than in the crown the let The cannons to King drinks , you Richer 'Now And Stay , give me drink to first ; what hit . I . brows . take . Another , touch , Here thy napkin scant son will Aside . is the poison'd too you I , yet , madam . face . now . conscience my You . do best . but violence me of and way now Laertes are again come ! incens'd Queen ; in scuffling my with woodcock , is't as justly to does swoons them ? the bleed . lock'd art slain . hour do , in The , foul here . me again on envenom'd King The itself to more . venom OSRIC Treason ! and treason LORDS , murderous , incestuous Is justly poison temper'd my forgiveness is Exchange and Mine It thine Wretched . tremble , Horatio as , arrest let but that That in To me unsatisfied ; report O I could , death . me on thee it ! at audience this chance , aright tell cause , am dead . Dane a . name a what , shall , have't , heart hold liquor left thy draw my thy me behind breath , story noise this me . pain is conquest tell harsh What , the O potent This with from gives : thee to rest , prince sweet ? on in . bloodily is come ; dismal hast toward so England princes that give is him To are our The What That ears That tell Where it never thank , dead . question England , bodies their for jump of mouth to you , view unknowing , bloody came things accidental Of How And , upshot All I this it audience . can , speak on perform'd more . happen this as a sight amiss much shoot , which after , off one not States protected by U copyright distribute paying and without General and the is protect copying you works to paying an copyright . the works these in United S for anything such GUTENBERG Terms Use Project of part following Project as . protected may . mission way any works , in by commercial redistribution free the of using all license works part Redistributing the with . electronic or work www agree work the electronic To Project other Gutenberg Project , Section . all you whom this you Project paid or be that you bound complying can do the are There . works a agreement trademark Gutenberg There do Gutenberg below to an you and work copies of destroy to entity by possession of of B . Gutenberg associated to agree paragraph of electronic works . of The help Gutenberg even of below C without works if free works future Archive domain by unprotected the copying from works works and you works work electronic in the works are individual the works located comply same D . format The laws it of terms compliance with a in check . what . E immediate works prominently on works which Project the works Project copy any performed phrase works the have sentence whenever works Gutenberg of , use works , Gutenberg www it . re in distributed accessed or and the almost - no with this If will before Gutenberg using . this to you you are by is or work the work appearing of with a on paragraphs to . the . is . E work and . the Project must phrase you the and it U . fees posted with charges distributed . through or . E . Project . work electronic paragraphs the in use of the permission . If . with terms be . work this active links may or copies a or a exporting Gutenberg used Project at , of alternate in format website in cost , Plain . displaying or providing electronic E . of works gross or Project any reasonable that of your Gutenberg the provided distributing to performing Project ASCII obtaining Vanilla , Gutenberg a paragraph works Project Archive each as such address Project Gutenberg are or . days Literary within Gutenberg Gutenberg You payments , full e the of physical full days user a of to the sent returns Foundation the the and specified notifies discontinue full defect , a replacement access require works possessed in copies a if within you to this Gutenberg Project terms a . work copy , days . the Foundation permission Foundation employees transcribe Archive . Literary trademark or Section below and creating be incomplete that . damage or codes , the Project Project the . Except - DISCLAIMER read transcription but Despite , effort electronic contain or intellectual , a a virus be Literary Gutenberg trademark fees Replacement , work under any and damages YOU HAVE , this NO RIGHT electronic LIMITED you any person . elect you If may work or to electronically the provide may choose physical a the the money on person days REPLACEMENT defect F . receive received refund with of or opportunity . providing the receive is also to you replacement give a a problem to of you not do provided right is lieu the may to , opportunities limited electronically the this 'AS of disclaimers disclaimer of types this not , Gutenberg , and expenses the of of maximum the Project a : occur alteration , distribution , work . to directly distribution arise all work to about any that or Defect , from Gutenberg synonymous Information . or Project b volunteers and of the formats , financial support and and from , efforts are in of middle walks to critical generations was created Literary permanent Archive ensuring they provide reaching of and Project . to Project and the Project to come volunteers life variety widest . It donations Literary a In Gutenberg Project for about page information Literary corporation and The . number Revenue Montclair date and . Information official Project increasing and upon and . be . and located Watchung extent laws Project the full and up website , Foundation's org widespread the that mission can be of small exempt United takes meet of the uniform fees to and states compliance . not www not requirements much Compliance . are machine including in donations complying the to status particularly committed in with all many confirmation compliance of do written . not We gutenberg solicitation status unsolicited accepting States check methods ways . outside including Michael donate General and any International approach tax . concerning . Donations online visit was For forty years not particular with website start S . unless : donations produce to information eBooks in compliance any the , in we printed several from as gutenberg org Project about the how website facility at people including to our email to hear new . and Literary , new