. Stand . Stand thee twelve the Stand ? Stand King me answer , Nay Stand Stand Stand rivals Have And O Barnardo farewell honest you this ho reliev'd - good . you him us , appear not fantasy our And 'twill awhile against our seen assail , your speak hear all down , this of , t'illume , King it Horatio . again pole the from and myself comes , it that's like speak , Peace What Most it would harrows it It Question that the Together In Did speak Stay ! thou that with sometimes ! How Is now ! 'Tis , not gone ! was When smote the th'ambitious sledded hath particular thought before But bodes gross , once , frown'd he the very Norway in Such So combated ; parle . ice . Polacks on stalk he our this by gone hour that watch the brazen the joint be that inform ; I Sunday shipwrights the can this labourer me last us by whisper image know of ; combat side so For At least Did to even on as Thereto the prick'd this Did Which slay Dar'd forfeit Well Fortinbras his inheritance our seiz'd which of moiety the Fortinbras sir article King , life ; the and here , and , mettle . Hamlet the unimproved of list , to our strong foresaid this of appear in't diet doth it and Norway hot young , head : King figure dead sheeted streets ; of palmy the Julius stands fierce eclipse star , blood omen to heaven As the the almost Upon , I'll If But Have Unto soft That , any sound blast , and together coming demonstrated countrymen ! use , Lo , good any it , me thing there to Which If , of Speak I Shall , Or thou in , if For which ! violence , majestical crew . guilty have a the when , malicious , show 'Tis the the blows , air hies earth - at erring of and to the sounding warning or his throat , truth herein . the is spirit hath is do morn in , of are wholesome so then mantle yon in and witch singeth night celebrated no power . charm ; abroad to it clad eastward hill the . my believe russet , of up impart Hamlet and pray , I shall Do Let's Lords Hamlet our dear , grief one befitted with nature , of young brother's , law . him of of have meeting writ : those lands much this is of full : and and you old personal power the more to scope duty Laertes , the is't with Laertes , heart Dane , wouldst thou favour my willingly in your return have of not offer instrumental Denmark my native wouldst What to Denmark to lord to the mouth , to coronation duty toward says my me leave and leave , pardon done , France to that came I whence And thoughts bow you my My He I . the clouds , more it kin it spend cousin than , time at wrung , will beseech thy so , that less and thy be thine . go ; Hamlet graces hour fair little And A a vailed Denmark that all Thou Do so lives eternity , on father like with lids . be the dust . know , of of river the , of , fruitful dejected forms truly moods indeed grief , play a . These of the might which the within and that , have actions shows passeth . seems eye good solemn in breath , persevere survivor some . In , know these give you That In do impious It Of a will simple mind incorrect and a , your , mourning your trappings sweet Take heart ? fault , earth throw who absurd corse . unprevailing ; ' woe a As to against the we For we in vulgar any Why fathers for nobility the our of father . which with the father till that pray he and first the From it fault Than is we the most back toward school to bend , our you beseech courtier you our comfort of our son Hamlet , and to : Wittenberg . madam eye . to prayers you , best us with to and in loving Denmark accord of come grace today drinks Come away shall bruit in rouse great health heaven Denmark clouds shall . the thunder solid into a not slaughter O itself Everlasting , resolve God , had and of this an 'tis unweeded gross and come to nature garden ! God ! world the - and too too this , self all stale , That nay — seed a . satyr might ; king ; it a excellent dead merely so the . roughly not remember if ? of ; Why think and Frailty or longer Than Ere to the most is Had O Niobe My But break my , am or see glad same your Sir change , you — sir ? lord , Wittenberg . from you , my your , make enemy that good truant A would not Nor Against But My prithee came to is you not see was do see it my coldly Would Or see In my see was once I see He see take look man , I think I eye My , not eye ; he a all like his him father eye ? King , eye My eye The lord Saw eye the father your my eye yesternight till , had these their watch , pie march walk'd he - with : thrice - them fear length whilst they distill'd , middle like the gentlemen and exactly figure of and , me good , watch we . true and father your ? it . to where yet methought loud . speak , did it crew would did , and as morning from shrunk cock once : true duty . me in , down . 'tis it of my think do As I To indeed , Indeed do , Then lord What my ? up his wore , head , you to face beaver look'd , My From saw he very . very you there very you . upon constantly had While very very very one very I , moderate Longer haste might saw't I Not beard sable have as , It warrant it though assume , hold me you it Upon father's foul Your , loves in play , earth my some sit all still , My sister assistant the as hear winds Farewell . are , And And convoy embark'd do For But you youth that you youth in , sweet a minute youth ; lasting not youth ? more . so alone youth youth nor , waxes nor soul nor temple grow not service nor . Perhaps nor nor soil will will unvalu'd on this nor be that says nor his whole so he to act is no so withal his treasure songs sustain , so ; so so so and open and . dear prodigal the spring and and and and , father , rede dalliance libertine heaven . your , sail you . leave . grace my here is upon smiles double I you Of But do new entrance and no his with beware few in tried . steel of hoops but may proclaims a itself of husbandry be ; the night the edge be : all above Thou This loan a a they the express'd man every Are in borrowing not must oft Neither of And borrower canst follow do humbly Farewell And The What yourself my 'Tis What And He Or Unsifted know you Affection believe Do do , thus crack the — sterling tenders think , lord have are — hath prodigal more in , all given may call his blazes , how extinct it for not vows burns to the Lends You light entreatments a Set must your something command to much so Believe Than a given be with in believe his him for their of like that Breathing But mere to better parley scanter take , as From presence higher For he few In ; they investments unholy is leisure your , for bawds time Lord Hamlet lord ; terms beguile sanctified words in give Look obey , cold . very is then draws near . walk the of not my to lord his ; reels rouse ? takes swaggering his of triumph The Is kettle - it marry ? bray upspring of draughts pledge Rhenish down out here . height them , takes nations phrase , it men in of , not in drunkards us traduc'd mole and tax'd of other particular our chances it mole and breaking by of , His Shall Being mole From mole the the noble be , plausive mole some Carrying mole man man man man Doth all particular man intents from heaven such in speak man me thy their burst not , Have Why Bring King his op'd thou , thus shake So With Wherefore ? the of , steel , moon disposition glimpses to go , should our reaches horridly , Say , It As beckons this beyond the , again corse ! again , the , why , Look But , to To you you , away with some removed ground . follow . with more what will soul tempt waves do not set a me you horrible form And draw summit other of sovereignty madness your toys brain , that fee ; pin's follow it lord , sea the of the what as , lord hands I'll thee . follow not off ; fate , go Hold shall on It Go a on Go I'll Still By heaven away , say I make waxes follow not in issue . come this of state will the Let's Something To Heaven wilt lead Nay let's , Whither My I When Alas render ! ghost . hearing . serious , am revenge , bound thou shalt Doom'd Are Till To tale unfold But prison ; and tell a purg'd crimes day a I foul for for up freeze porpentine to from thy soul eyes two burnt the the thy Would done my of harrow Thy But sweep know't this As thou A thou this ease in itself given a stung abus'd Is serpent May meditation duller shouldst I stir in find . sleeping but serpent prophetic gifts wit , his and that Ay witchcraft of — seduce The to , wit will Hamlet me , From O ! seeming won falling most in marriage virtue it natural as it were angel of never and to with that shameful have that of dignity vow decline will , link'd bed mov'd in in man blood it in ; posset body in in the Sleeping . on scent my ; in in , milk it about brother's my All , Cut life was , bark'd vile sin account , to my on sent head dispatch'd . unanel'd , queen body at of thee it bear . bed in this pursu'st thy act soul heaven let and aught those to Against thy But thou horrible reckoning my not ; for couch ! nature her her that , thou And The O shall I , Adieu I'll wipe me while . Remember pressures records my all globe distracted away the and book by shall of , all copied my ! Yes . smile and sure may villain , smile adieu . to . ' word down it set be ; lord my Lord , MARCELLUS you there Within it , ho , bird . ho ! Not No , lord my news wonderful you'll — Denmark all arrant , MARCELLUS once think grave the . knave this . right at part , point hands circumstance are shake desire shall part poor — my , go I'll . I'm they offend These your hold so And it as You Such Yes Yes Touching let what , my but , too may one Give are as friends me , is't My lord Nay , we . friends good . and request soldiers . already faith , truepenny ? stage the . indeed cellarage . in Swear . under upon Art fellow my this , you . so swear thou you the to this of , speak Swear Beneath gentlemen upon again ubique lay speak Swear by . so ? sword have friends strange . th'earth heard i' . Horatio you , mercy welcome myself disposition on But , meet help . come — shake , earth and if me hereafter soe'er perchance put of out giving ambiguous speak' , your Swear grace know aught and So all what t'express so love perturbed I commend . as to . at you of rest , God time The , your fingers of ever born Let , to me and lips . joint let's go set O on poor love , to Give . right it these , my wisely I this him ; what what and , son , first very what , Danskers Enquire And how That they Ay well do his know — my ' , I mean he be you thus part him' do as 'twere particular know company What And , if't father distant him dishonour marry there ' very wild on ' and , of so , take wild none ' ; ' ' , swearing ' far him him incontinency breathe to another season in . so may may not may and they he you a unreclaimed in outbreak : A my , liberty so , that is meaning Faith no must flash the But savageness That not That's good should good general Of lord , would do ? good . good And good good sir 'Good to Very man my , does , And with or , you of breathe or youth Having in The , ' you converse ever closes He , I ' this sir What to in 'friend At He I with 'closes At say you thus : 'closes At saw or so , the say something say say . he ay know t'other ; or : there out say saw There was , him day , sale' See say the I about was — say , or the gentleman as you say ! in's this say house o'ertook such then ; you out assays gaming him , thus Your bait of There falling he a my My . You , fare you . lord inclination his Observe Good well in b' my my lord I let God With My , Alas , my what's have name of ? hell purport in out piteous he comes before of , for not thy his ankle , been his , shirt had but he said the do , Then My know the other hand such his he draw falls wrist thus perusal stay'd my all ; so he his arm light his he his bulk seek go without , lets . without me , me I his way fordoes , his love undertakings eyes turn'd go , profound shatter waving up and shoulder . their , went . the And , last of will me the , sorry am I desperate under words you and me His my not am I had I did repel his him better with hath That thee Come for than , as it is common beyond . letters access sorry lack More grief It him that ourselves I fear'd he did . which , known it was ; Guildenstern to have I it entreat dream cannot than father's nor sending and . him , him heard call the . I , draw us to on him little vouchsafe time neighbour'd of And , and youth I thus that hath may afflicts men If us much so adheres open'd he , To the expend he For That by Both you , thanks the remembrance gentry supply pleasures more into command full your feet bent at freely commanded the in , gentle Rosencrantz gentle I To We your , Might Put , obey . of to instantly Go where our , is Hamlet presence practices . make beseech you son . some him to our and from , my not I that that do admittance fruit the grace to . them to all your other of sweet , main our but the marriage o'erhasty him no is death , we what and head tells them it doubt shall , The shall I It shall was shall , shall On shall give vow before of To Receives shall , So With , levied old three him Whereon from which ; his look'd better But borne hand age , Norway he , as , And before might for safety set down . this to of entreaty , pass allowance . madness . expostulate , the outward son else and to for be nothing that , More call brief ; Your night . limbs brevity go A use true art . will no less I I true : matter 'tis 'tis it is he And Madam That , swear , true I then cause whilst obedience the Now gather , hear a , phrase ; you shall soul's celestial you Doubt Doubt stay awhile Hamlet you thou the you , you you madam Good I that evermore dear sun never ill am This more by mine by hath time All given above out to But fell As of this hot so . think you receiv'd how When would What But what honourable do might you , star bespeak round and table , love No ? look'd given winking , winking Or If As I my my had play'd Majesty dear winking might This 'Lord winking young this mute , book , to gave , winking . work winking did of thy : sight I make . her fast , declension raves . he by into a this ? likely , positively I Thence And Fell , repulsed watch And been Not , be we , now , for this all . walks try this , me , is from he may know Where truth in a such Mark Be he does indeed my assistant reason behind loose I . his an from encounter time no not be And At and the Let will poor We do him I'll But presently I Away board does the beseech a away sadly How wretch Well . my God , you Do Excellent honest , fishmonger a would I Honest you For if Have true ten , sun breed That's to be sir , world of this very carrion you the in a maggots have her walk sun conceive said to Words , Aside daughter at And ? I may that ; again was I'll , my gone the speak in sir hams and faces the For gum All that are the is matter wrinkled be as honesty a plentiful though to I . it not should madness backward hold old they go their eyes lord , read ? sir thick . that have , grey wit of powerfully men and crab ? lord , in't method my How and on is air Into , sanity , contrive cannot You My sir lord , life will the will willingly part will . madness humbly I , you . except my daughter him and and hits , pregnant him my the that of except anything , lord . is he fools lord ! sir , lord ye both ? Guildenstern you . thou do Ah dear most My honoured not the very of the not ? happy button . lord middle are cap the Fortune's Then you live her parts , Faith ? in waist favours of a her is . strumpet grown deserved hither question ? hands at the more me and , it ambition makes then thinking could your I God Which To indeed in one ; I have count 'tis for ; you makes for of dream To shadow the ; substance very To quality shadow light To . To shadow a monarchs . and is To dreams and To , I A space , ambitious hold ambition shadows ROSENCRANTZ We'll such . like matter speak you in the that , To beggars' Then to I an beaten not honest even will thanks your justly . come ; too Come own What should my I am friends with say me it am , the end King . looks . confession But I know colour inclining we To love and by our me , lord ? rights proposer you , me what even Guildenstern conjure let , be To I and by fellowship enough ever for the , sent If ? by youth more whether , My and so lord then tell to you your an you . custom action how in golden a how how in of man than to of form animals . how moving the quintessence by thing I wherefore but , excellent frame and late appears angel the and goodly . faculties an , work is , apprehension majestical indeed , air ; like , seems the stuff , of in the , say ? not what the in man , thoughts delights way . so my is coted said in me' . nor to such no you me yet And not offer you them and his part sere o' his Majesty welcome shall knight shall king , those her . take to Even the shall of the clown not me He How they and sigh make shall man , laugh , or — use the whose shall humorous mind are tickle end blank the ? they are — in the late innovation in ? of ways , both residence both . wonted clapped . cry ; grow the top of city . Are on How thither — are themselves children Who they to — their ? do ; nation them holds , the ? not as the in it say wrong cuffs . brains of . my they very is make that , not , lord much there , O out for apiece while for is . if carry fifty players . Your , his . father my , of mouths at him west . lord - which hands it appurtenance are players entertainment I southerly . and more yet at wind When a north north Happily , mad but baby the for a hawk will ear , tell are in is That . hearer a each , is there , hither news Monday come to to child . on my , comedy , Rome you ass , individable , for , be , nor scene Upon actors pastoral comical cannot historical historical pastoral liberty the actor honour comical - either Buzz each tragedy tragical pastoral came - in , poem or , Plautus ? what . heavy too Israel of . on have . daughter . that follows a . passing th' I ? well , Still my Jephthah Jephthah me call you came As by then the old then you wot lord ? know you was thee valanc'd my I to glad Thy friend . comes me ladyship of altitude cracked chopine is ! more , it , God all old like . you like young look ? my The , thee mistress . masters welcome and you not ! speak once . speech . straight French within your , thee above We'll by By'r uncurrent welcome heard , gold , be not at anything Come a Come speech a have author , chiefly by especially , begin he was — was my , speech What to . play caviare well I of and loved . savoury dismal black , and If . Dido than no sallets in the indite might that phrase the in called handsome line not their That of Hath Bak'd With now he vile thus impasted you seeks coagulate and the , horridly light wrath in Roasted o'ersized Priam , with . like , with and foot , tyrannous parching and , good accent it sword hellish with carbuncles Unequal where , damned a discretion , Pyrrhus ; wide fell crash his , For top , strikes senseless a milky head sword , in blow . on the flaming Ilium , and his as was Pyrrhus' ear i' neutral declining , with stick sword hideous to , his stood Then this feel his So as Did tyrant and , Priam painted with will th'air , see . storm rack matter , nothing the bold On As vengeance as The A spokes , on Pyrrhus' below , hammers , in hush rend Aroused It of the ! proof less Now fiends say . Break bowl barber's or mobled queen' on , in up steep'd , head the , venom . move that malicious loins is That's the eyes at caught for bisson With where more . in's eyes . tears all made her pronounc'd clamour of mortal made But When she milch you well , The have thee for your well And no gods Do bestowed the were ; used less the , death see have live own your Follow brief chronicles their and . his have better . to man sirs Dost , more merit is them their . some of ? hear I not set need . leave you I'll Elsinore . my lord . I that and wi' . of dream a ye . peasant , not soul his in b' Now this am all conceit wan'd function in's player am I aspect own suiting , here visage to What and for to his eyes his cue motive ? And would for stage horrid appal , guilty For Hecuba ? her , whole , do with speech the the him conceit , Hecuba the drown all and voice in his his He and , general with ignorant eyes , tears ; The kites gall cannot this it villain region be th' ? this ! a I fatted liver'd take should have slave's With Who calls me and Foh my heaven Oh offal or ! treacherous all Bloody play to Prompted I what Remorseless this That Must murder , miraculous . of murder father players , murder'd a upon't brain very have like . the my know The soul a heart with , scene Fie ! scullion A I'll I May it cunning sitting creatures guilty That Out the have so struck Abuses relative than damn yea , melancholy , my the my with . by . turbulent on his so him from . me me drift . the The of play's the thing . confession does from Grating harshly all himself distracted ? in question But assay Did seem They in the did - o'er We And , so to any his out fell pastime certain , that Of told entreat , play 'Tis beseech'd he , To so him , give shall , leave , lord Hamlet too us by sent accident , 'twere Affront That so we he , by gather for That , walk ourselves . here , such an , do with blame in visage . on colour sugar exercise . Read so , To show — We oft we to are pious prov'd devil himself 'tis Aside a not I And slings nobler of a To and is be to ; ache perchance flesh That in , When For have shuffled death ay a natural to : heir a of to sleep ? sea against by and heart The No arms them that Devoutly sleep Must When he bodkin and dread of country under a from No The undiscover'd the With The The oppressor's The pangs Is sicklied Thus Than And makes to us traveller fly With The , remember'd , currents hue native great cast pale their of of Good my for , well ; lord deliver them . aught yours . re to No never I I My with the these ; when my , with discourse translate beauty commerce better have of the love a proof . Indeed , bawd my honest to , than but once honesty honesty transform . so inoculate not thou more offences I was , you more deceived virtue lord but not have we shall Why better my . imagination , such Where's all to do of them at fellows nunnery thou If chaste Let shut doors be help give , own Be , needs make of your wantonness you marry . calumny . thou escape not monsters creatures on't God's yourselves I'll marriages more no ; no live what , soldier's rose is of glass fashion observers and , the the mould music quite most deject , wretched , reason , form vows sword , harsh that , spake His though his which O'er do Like That Nor Will some doubt do not in his little , the brood to which hatch the not like madness and quick our determination speed to : tribute for prevent on't thus believe ? said , Ophelia think fit . fit him him fit the , fit or you fit do players not fit confine in unwatch'd . the I mouth spoke gently . whirlwind ; Nor passion you the to must me passion , dumb groundlings tear offends o'erdoing you whipped the fellow . it may a as I may robustious to rags , are have would very , the to . Suit Be - I not too to so observance overdone virtue was the to o'erstep the you feature , is form be Now , laugh , which own the O one there that have , the and so indifferently that that they Nature's of I reform is set altogether we , hope it And on for reform'd , considered in the . fool in . the that That's to down meantime laugh themselves , O too to be Will the you Will ROSENCRANTZ We the , lord ? of my , too this hear that . and . my Horatio As e'er flatter thee Horatio What ho , conversation e'en service . good thy should of the flatter'd ; from may ? candied was herself all that in my And And Hath dear hast I but the I lick election been , and please what and for soul follow let seal'd , judgement not stop passion's in and I heart of too Give for are are do That sound blood ta'en As Where thrift man thanks pipe she , the my . of me Fortune's co are mingled , guilt act his - much before near of . thou of scene One Which I see'st thee a my In Whose heart's is That comes There not To comes I Do As thee core As comes . Something , my will both as If comes play comes is comes he Well And I a uncle unkennel ghost that in comes And is very damned . this my his him , I . playing theft others Queen will coming pay place detecting are They 'scape flourish Rosencrantz cousin ? Hamlet the chameleon's : so fares : capons feed ; play , idle , air . actor good , you My these a not . i' mine the eat you , this Polonius kill'd you part Caesar did enact was did i' calf the . lord my , Ay , dear your upon stay to enact ? Brutus a th' Capitol there so . was killed . mark me . my , lord lap that attractive by more ? your . my my my legs between I Ay I my Do you meant my my lie , is to What fair , my thought my a You my lord ? my but man maids' Nothing , maker cheerfully only your you , 'tis my jig then heavens outlive , die months man's ! then his for 'For else life and ' ago devil is ! half epitaph memory hobby , forgot the Queen of lovingly protestation horse show very hobby and his Queen or months my not shall year black may a suffer O But Then suit . embracing he , not forgotten yet . makes . comes , is and , passionate , bank a down him . poison carried away , in and fellow King's , upon him a in again The , her asleep makes neck , some . the lament . action takes with woos Belike of the fellow imports : Mutes Poisoner . but . this what to show means argument all Be what naught , you'll shame us him tell not any show tell are , the . for hearing of a , means , ashamed play mark I'll our your to patiently round , ground gone sheen been bands sacred twelve hands borrow'd with moons have world hath times , in many But Unite count So , is from distrust That Discomfort I Make About Neptune's salt dozen Tellus' journeys , you may So , aught you woe , cheer , and lord Yet , it former did Hymen and the most what love is love , quantity , of so o'er us far and are sick I must know you distrust state extremity is in proof fear my women's or , great belov'd , my breast in , shortly to leave treason me but be . first : do — world . there : too kind ! love dead speak we break kill , memory you now to validity the be mellow , slave kill poor sticks on forget is ourselves 'tis what ourselves kill passion unshaken , when ending to Most But kill kill The kill joy grieves most 'tis ; either kill To most Grief a question , us our nor on doth fortunes accident change , strange ; joy or destroy . try . friend a fortune mark with aye should or else yet favourite his of his hollow never lack tend enemies so second first , cheer lock give think die But Each Meet desperation An she once If Both here , spirits deeply , and hence leave fain here I me break , it awhile beguile , word too protests you how never , like , Is ? but she'll . in't offence play This the what us that Let wife of Baptista : call a . call his call o' is , call King . the call puppets see lord call not . chorus chorus . chorus chorus , my good a you you chorus are edge Pox , Begin the Confederate chorus — groaning chorus you mistake and rank mixture natural ban of no drugs , better a and hands , season . for's magic and dire immediately wife You . of Gonzago's rises property midnight Thy Hecate's wholesome usurp in written i' murderer Give the lord , rest of if play some away forest hart must let So a ; me fellowship , fortunes Lights me . light some For Would a one know me of strucken deer go weep , the my Damon was now , here . pajock O , take good O whole . dear word poisoning lord pound Didst recorders note ! if belike he likes me word , not music music with . some sir The , a you ? like the . whole , rather sir with , With lord ; richer distempered to . this . signify purgation some frame , and perhaps choler his my Is your into put put , lord Good for my should , me No spirit welcome . affliction me , your will not if my mother to not , make me your of . If my it mother's do the hath of your lord and my right . sir the Sir , Make wholesome shall . What cannot my struck , as rather thus wonderful can , She desires with her admiration you to is ? into you . But ! stonish admiration . her say , your a , lord heels can the speak so do We to at she once these you my Good And liberty I cause still you own , voice griefs and . bar to your I , what when that can be , sir while grass . me of wind lord O me Sir , in of the proverb why is my you To the play do me I lord I that too bold , me drive . and Will . cannot of pray beseech I touch your you it and these to of command how you you these as give as lying unworthy know me pipe me speak Call instrument . of would note do upon you you , you , speak cannot and think in you . me voice pluck now you it God the mass you lord , Queen would , and a 'tis it Methinks , indeed camel fool camel of in . a ? a like like . me like whale by will come I to churchyards Contagion By Would look quake to such do this the And and tongue My words never my my them To , and hell , very witching time itself drink hot mother not none shent soul this but hypocrites ; safe range be use she this now to my . us forthwith prepare endure shall our his England his like of near of lunacies not grow Out terms Hazard And The That single itself keep To spirit That all upon lives The peculiar upon many . it provide fear Majesty your bodies is more and mind , rest The weal life 'noyance gulf doth massy Never general when thousand , falls groan voyage ; alone , upon to but , but the small Attends the We ROSENCRANTZ but lord My , he's but but now but fetters you , this fear footed but was , should it , liege said she'll well than my , o'erhear mother , a tax ; know go Fare . And Though both in offence Thanks my Were thicker . where double business bound to upon't I as sharp Pray it , rank the man pause And Is be white as the forestalled what my ! to a like What this first ? But Forgive me , but visage of Whereto brother's if with enough My Can In out May oft 'tis seen But the by shove not so this my murder murder of . there , is the then teeth forehead true no and nature evidence . we of ambition I I ? turn for mine Buys corrupted hand , may currents prize itself be sinews as soft O in ! and the Art Be knees All pat That reveng'd . father I I'll now And And do so he now well new , may . heart it goes be revenge . as as flush and send not ? heaven of I with our , villain heaven : bread hent No , soul ? horrid or pleasure thou in passage , May who and ; thought salary knows course And the and sword he Then it soul goes be heels relish no has At As This his , swearing of of his black . some act rage his a about kick damn'd as or and heaven at . may in't , prolongs but whereto trip . Look fly , thoughts without He him heat up thy My will words Much Tell , I'll I Grace I'll round him e'en stood and . mother here . Fear warrant hear him . coming me , Withdraw , much a father . idle . tongue with with , you , Hamlet answer you , What's Hamlet , now wicked ? not Queen No the it set by , Nay , set you sit come Come you go then Where , and were And You are thou do till , What help , a , not wilt , you shall You slain done ? ho rat A ? Help ? Thou How O know it hast me Nay what a and bloody for what not . deed , king as his , mother . intruding , king ! good bad . is Almost lady your your of penetrable against have it me wringing And If of be too 'twas a let , some Take Peace , dar'st it I shall tongue stuff so made busy Thou I it heart . thy to find'st Thou To Polonius . for Leave What blurs From the from Yea false fair the That Calls sets blister of an off ? wag thy there there , index there at against act , act compound face religion makes doom mass contraction innocent a vows there , love there glow sick - visage solidity . and body the of Heaven's there the in ? the front to the herald . seal . what man , hill of seem on like heaven a world husband Here Blasting you cannot Ha ; your it's humble ? you , judgement you a , follows leave ! for that so , to the day on on wholesome mountain your did the husband his was this is This your it the from waits Is Nor But in hath serve motion it apoplex'd you such feeling or feeling , without without Or That motion not motion a some quantity one , motion , bones without hoodman at shame in Rebellious motion of sense . ne'er motion madness part mutine motion ardour hell virtue gives the no , blush thy wax let in melt O turn'st I As , no black leave , will When frost compulsive itself as And see to nasty the the in In A And precedent O slave cutpurse from of guards ! king not and me A shreds of a A the in and hover o'er he's come not more me with . patches mad dread say passion . to son command go , by . sits on This soul purpose ? your of The but look it her Alas How is Conceit Is , forget That And Forth at your incorporal your how is't step , Hamlet you with up the heat an like sleeping hairs Your And cool on form make My stern colour ; what tears Then this , Look conjoin'd ! His Would true whom do you ! look steals brain your he as his in goes This where My My ! music doth makes And And I gambol not from Mother , utter'd Ecstasy Is pulse matter rank , ulcerous re madness unction , and to weeds , re times my re ; re , beg pursy re me of leave of vice must fatness re itself , in the the cleft my with mine to of him these heaven come . pardon compost and curb hast to , Hamlet for worser not it in good livery have part the custom monster to likewise is shall abstinence the can you are desirous . a on the evil , that That And To the With And For next almost either wondrous when ; potency curb but be him . this , only remains behind : do you bed mouse his again you , pair call reechy to I that shall , do their must I , For who Would , Or , this King cheek , damn'd madness in matter his , queen ravel for neck am your , him let but essentially 'Twere a dear , No from that's paddling in Let the Be thou of To I Whom 'tis me the seal'd trust will bear And And blow This lug When them I'll Mother Come in still , most sir night , to draw now , with knave end mother foolish fit a we . understand son These your your these place good us . Hamlet your 'tis little , my your Ah What Bestow your on your , rapier his out It Alas will how have kept laid to us , threats we ' contend rat lawless his In . mightier arras Whips in apprehension rat 'A cries . to everyone there love But But done gone disease much whose providence But fit of , so understand Should But This We To But Even on But But ship The Go O come shall , mountains his Hamlet , Into him chapel , we'll both done them , cannon world's to friends . body him . in . fair seek Friends Come And Whose As whisper poison'd his as is soul hit And My O our , haply wisest , away Hamlet here ! Hamlet ROSENCRANTZ air shot discord . may miss come body dead lord , Lord GUILDENSTERN Safely calls What have Compounded bear my , may take . it 'tis the own , by the son made a keep sponge of Do not I And Believe not mine be of Besides a to ? service ; it end . and , sir But , glad them Ay authorities , lord King knavish is a to the thing A me him . Bring , where is . but not go body with all fox that sent to to is him and Hide find to , after . him , multitude scourge , their To . sudden him all must , grown seem and ; weigh'd law on this the put of lov'd not offence the Who 'tis But in And This Where But body now By Without Ho bestow'd he Bring cannot guarded him Bring in where's before my . lord us Now , but ? At at him . fat he supper At but and all king your politic We are creatures e'en . we the and but of of you fat fat man may place you . there into not there him not the you if up him , grieve safety come you till thine done Therefore prepare , at and everything England England For and , and see and So them , and thou knew'st Hamlet , if and come mother him at not it Delay That And which to conjuring homage Since As else Pays my yet , leans if Our By present letters process , that . imports Hamlet my he know joys . the cure like And , haps his I let him ? these sir you I Norway whose of , old to The purpos'd How ? Fortinbras of frontier would but of sir . it name the nephew against Or Nor A Why To God b' . cause and of the Yes the of and humbly you Go straw much thousand . my go you Be How all man inward Why with Will't I'll his straight inform . good sleep And and dull to he but or or I Witness Why A or That or ever I do't or Whose Is or all When not to an the Even But , sleep the reason kill'd my all of of the father stake for a imminent Excitements the have find stir greatly the , a to unsure and the great , stain'd stand my twenty and while That a death fantasy like their Whereon My To The That not or distract indeed be she will is Her speak her father says and What of world th' speaks much , Her speaks doth move , aim thoughts own and speech is doubt beats in nothing she be . them it hems , use of fit they it gestures thought much might for , with sure think ; at their unhappily may . nature great guilt be now Where one Ophelia love ? staff and , lady , And How By his sandal hat imports mark . song , the mountain mark snow ! lord my , Larded the did here look all to true With Which Pray shroud Alas are , words this . father what not know of no Conceit They lady was may upon we you ! we is in a be dupp'd Pretty Then Indeed in And up I And la , So An How long been ha' thou You Cock men Young be they well I she would all think ladies . it Of Next and unwholesome inter in their we her him fair mere beasts as come all Ophelia greenly , author whispers and done , spies violent but . ear , clouds or keeps to secret , buzzers is wonder in of nothing Wherein Will Than O'erbears , as Antiquity forgot the And Eats not your 'Choose we and custom but call list , without king to shall applaud , king ! and on Where this O , How I . so fear . Laertes , giant brow true true king our what Tell Let true Where thou true true by not true fill my my . my my ! my , pit blackest my I the be to juggled stand negligence them little . the you only this the father . go I'll with husband certainty in friend his , dear Of , your , death you Good desire will , Will his good the , Like a am most good now with , my a of shall And That I And , like as am child sensibly blood . speak you true judgement . the thy scale out madness shall sister as possible is't Nature O Should is love , fine It be , heaven heavens non Hey bore nonny barefac'd , hey thus revenge . a ! tear call , not move and well rain'd , my , master's that . nonny Hadst thou , it down wheel 'Down a There's rosemary rue for your violets wither'd me A madness pray , thoughts love here's fitted . must he say made you O give They . itself hell to is , sweet Thought affliction And not he thy to beard His He Go not flaxen gone we mercy away is his cast , his not . ye not wi' soul was All He not And of not all And not Make you you Do I must hear by we , crown They Laertes Or choice shall and by apart will me hand collateral or and your all but , ours , give you call , us to kingdom your 'twixt friends but your ? God , with O life , soul — burial o'er obscure ; his be this as heaven formal call't hatchment , nor in from question you shall axe So That heard sword , nor 'twere th'offence pray I , rite noble be where And Let them I I should not come know from , in speak would they What . sir if you sir . Hamlet sir . world greeted be th'ambassador and't what part of the were in old . thieves ship them for I boarded became they King much as me thou repair me like turn , the at and of ourselves the when as , 'Horatio means some clear . Let haste have thee thou letters what knew the alone , to thou slow I . mercy good valour thine am Come And will the him from you that whom , give He I speedier make . the of bore the of much to I And To you way may them must put heard which have by mainly You crimeful , you As your So Why It , me my to Which safety almost may they you strong and much reasons . seem The for soul , arrows affection , not a wind stone bear so that turneth for to desperate father had my all the like his gyves to Too Is the not could to the love spring timber'd slightly Would Who great have , Convert I reverted have driven into made of sleeps for our beard . father your lov'd that think And That not her . on I a noble may all will You must that my and , lord , your Hamlet news What hope How can we That I be flat shortly And From ! Majesty will I we from Who they me him them . them I am . saw ; brought . them . see and the return , leave you you strange your us know such thing . recount kingly set I ! he Hamlet's it this and Are more your I beg to 'High . I am very him in sickness tell me his heart him come . my teeth — otherwise thou to ' Laertes , Will Ay will you peace voyage the diest 'Thus live , him ; fall breathe the practice but it wind choose my will he should To But for exploit an which his even checking thine devise . shall the your quality , it ; accident will could be falls since right so my parts . might in not that one unworthiest Of the unworthiest the cap livery for that . unworthiest , siege in my in , and unworthiest , is youth unworthiest of his , sables graveness and . settled unworthiest Importing Yet part unworthiest Than light With the in So incorps'd on a health Norman of what . was't same , That gem of all of a rapier your out cried for art one could . neither had oppos'd Did could them motion The most you in your 'twould this of , to but with guard , Sir do play my of a ? sorrow you wish o'er coming lord , with beg to heart you are I Laertes Or , you A like the Why this ; sigh accidents : th'ulcer undertake , do ; chamber your , excellence fame fine , in But . together , in your a for him and ; your with A that all simples cataplasm in sword of may ease practice you pass father . anoint knife it , virtue I'll rare , my of I'll think death I , but an I'll it Collected Where , unction so death point I'll of If . assay'd look second I'll convenience be the touch him time through Soft in , I'll that bad shape but moon from contagion Weigh that better not drift our our have did back proof wager you are , drink for the by your escape . or in for nonce a When make If chalice he chance your A As And ! Our purpose calls that motion a ha't a sister's , where a the did leaves in brook . Laertes tread Drown'd grows hoary maids pendant dead grosser name stream , long envious boughs men's garlands , daisies doth shows fantastic on to down weeping awhile Her snatches . As the When time - mermaid Which Or like incapable Clamb'ring But our That - that Till wretch death is from garments element her And in she like the that Unto Pull'd much therefore ; will . trick And say what it . nature lord , my holds yet , it fain these would that be fire my Adieu , of speech I this had Therefore will do follow let's . calm again rage ! burial in own , The wilfully she , in , the crowner defence her burial ? and she 'tis , to ; goodman it , hear , own here For so an found , Why perform . himself good if , and the lies drown . you water this himself leave go — you been truth have marry ? o' is't that is come . is , him law crowner's been ancient no have should up more but their than folk burial is they ? pity buried And to spade . drown , grave - he that the , How ? had thou dig without understand ? put I'll Scripture The purpose confess the , Go ? the shipwright another . well thou does Now ill ; argal , But ill the , dost thousand a mason carpenter or builds the , those stronger good than . to that , can or shipwright the a me again to how gallows come , carpenter tell now , I cannot . I , Who Cudgel brains beating The Yaughan with maker' thy - O , business he behove very , methought , of a makes houses youth fetch ; contract O In the it did was sweet , of that daintier . at sings easiness the sense employment property hath the such . that once sing politician , God might not ass the did this sweet lord - one ! a it , might , lord , beg . more breeding to had play revolution fine no cost bones my one's This could be when , Ay these . Lady he meant such lord we but spade meet a pit a such not For quillets may this , For and and made skull of him cases spade ; lawyer about action of him now clay for guest a , be ? and the of , with of than of the dirt his of land his vouchers his great of , fines of fine a have ; and The must - ones inheritor recovery battery sconce ? the his his Will very - too sheep of my , skins sir to . that , which fellow . Mine this and , of , lord seek a is for clay of sheep are speak O dost 'Tis For my out and ; away it sir man no man the be indeed sir dost For a quick What For 't will again from me to you . rest her ? woman ; be none speak that so a galls the these , his must picked Horatio We , to but maker our day that was into he fool is that great recover his wits no shall England . there , tell ? was be seen 'Twill marry mad , the came there ; he mad he as . boy I ground what man will in year he if nowadays , or eight rotten long that Why is hide he the more so your , dead Here's while . a water body great - year another his a is water tann'd ; and was Whose mad once on pestilence . A fellow's Nay sir , know Yorick's skull , the jester on not Here be Where wont gibes now your merriment chamber how gorge rises ; thousand now Yorick most and that , must to come tell favour this to I lady's , mock your her laugh , grinning ? excellent own her it my , o' not your , get you Not ? your know it me , a imagination borne on his ! of thou think . looked Alexander And what To noble likelihood ; make buried , faith Alexander Caesar O courtiers . aside ! t'expel Queen rites ? Who is This betoken . hand desperate . mark of life Trains they a ceremony else noble ? else as far enlarg'd , charitable For thrown virgin be . the and strewments she flints Yet Till Shards we but great command warranties obsequies unsanctified death , home done of the . service parted , churlish , my liest fair . minist'ring When the Sweets to bed shouldst thou not . thy flowers have been my grave , sweet maid to to , to ; to a cursed sense arms to , in more to ingenious most once upon Pelion a her mountain blue he emphasis wounded the hearers ? grief phrase makes is , him Hamlet . Thou prithee I thy let Which Gentlemen Pluck wiseness in thy take I . something and , theme do thousand lord will my , be upon longer forty love brothers quantity theme this . thyself ? woul't ? thou'lt forbear him : all son , he love For Could , lov'd I up sum , me God woul't ? come here eat in eisel up drink Woul't I'll To buried thou prate quick Ossa . I them till , mountains and leaping the ? fight show , 'Swounds Dost with to whine burning female on ; thou'lt zone ground . work madness patient silence you , reason golden couplets drooping disclos'd me no When awhile the is . may , use you But himself patience cat The in Horatio , thee Strengthen your and what sir do . it You all the circumstance Good the our put , of in our proceeding , lay Rashly us for much this ? was there heart my in prais'd When Worse would the our Rough Our With mine to Grop'd where My Up from my cabin , where had , where where where where But the read read , wrote my thou read I could make a I thus Or forget Devis'd read How A learning that read service good , me to a It Ay earnest read I . tributary conjuration them was faithful peace like her flourish garland palm these contents wheaten 'tween comma like the such a many And As He That even in How in was signet my ordinant Danish Subscrib'd Folded it the , and Now ; the in up father's that seal'd of know and view Thou our The Guildenstern go So man my : own . heaven model the Why opposites nature . defeat employment points ! insinuation my near not are They Does , they did to to't dangerous pass this me my life whor'd not is't — proper mother be perfect and th'election king thee stand of let To , out Thrown He it not in this such with to there him England , hopes is't nature ; 'One' mine from . of known to the ? not business interim good myself , say . his I'll my forgot Horatio to sorry issue . of the will life's portraiture Peace of Into comes to Denmark welcome who a the of I his grief waterfly of know vice beasts . of of and him know . lord good . Dost thank , you my ; No ; gracious fertile land stand lord at Sweet to 'tis possession lordship in ; let mess king's your from the you , me It is believe sultry 'tis for , 'tis very laid has . cannot , Sir is — gentleman , faith absolute great ; gentry , of of full Indeed here for . though know would a I calendar , of th'arithmetic in no would of of his to , to inventorially him as a great . you dizzy make soul the and is what article him umbrage perdition would most his true trace who and , is mirror I such extolment The concernancy not to ? possible really another Sir understand nomination tongue is , purse His in the What imports yet are approve what Well faith you know confess You dare not but that , his sir to for , King , know a man he's weapon , of Three liberal horses against the ? and French so and him conceit Barbary , very six six . But . the hilts carriages the , poniards most rapiers . hangers . on carry Six . six might to him done ere you the imponed it carriages horses hath exceed to hits against Why this three my I not sir . be more hangers French you be till Danish three the is gentleman can if , Majesty ? answer opposition , I , with here of breathing I nothing his will mean day re - me King time not the the if person his for so your . your flourish no tongues . for's else . nature there on and fanned he , bubbles through encounter dotes has — suck'd young to if suck'd most the trial are time suck'd who the to the or play you that constant to my attend Laertes suck'd purposes but carries which , collection the tune My to pleasure I fitness suck'd him with of ; a yeasty suck'd longer will you winnowed opinions you that in him , Majesty mine play . entertainment down you some coming me . instructs , use In all . gentle She you to fall this . my to are to well the heart good is a my Nay about he odds But thou not have , been . wager : shall think not ; so lose went France into wouldst think no ill repair giving of . woman such anything obey but mind , we hither dislike it my kind gain . I forestall as would special from hand . will is't to readiness . you , betimes leave wrong distraction done is sore have I Roughly knows But , come , and . Hamlet Give might Who His my so in disclaiming poor Hamlet's most your from in is , faction a , this o'er brother purpos'd audience me If Hamlet he's Hamlet it is Hamlet of does , Then Let does That Whose shot my madness I hurt in motive stand by some , no that love , time peace honour ignorance i' off . indeed Stick like You No Give foils fiery mock , young , Grace Very has , I have , the my odds this me sir by know well have odds ; laid . we Set quit If Let King than Denmark's The And cannons drinks the heavens to to King , you that an cup have to Hamlet , judges And . No One Come Come on . Stay , Judgement again health . thy Give this ; say thine is hit give Come do you awhile by it confess Another play . touch shall my . The , Queen A touch hit ? brows cup By . late and madam ; pardon me Hamlet , yet the is I . not , Good by poison'd lord I It Aside not Come you you , I I the Come for third Aside ? afeard pass ? a You . do violence on . they now you ? neither Laertes ? then ? is ! it , a woodcock own Queen mine own treachery Osric , kill'd , It O medicine there thee turn'd on is the not instrument envenom'd . me . King in Lo , Thy the mother's . The too is an again itself to no I yet defend , He It is Mine and with justly father's Exchange thou mother my murderous I ! it Queen at me to this audience or me strict That but in I me Heaven me Had me me Horatio Is am Horatio are look pale and tremble Horatio this Horatio — this tell Horatio left by a awhile heart hold felicity Horatio from draw Horatio my is noise story tell conquest This the warlike , have solicited On him Which The I O poison So cracks Now Why a of . sing drum the come Where What woe it or you is sight . at search death cell shot ; see , struck eternal . hearing , a . death upon so of You But never , should tell are Rosencrantz his have our should that commandment is th'ability from since He And these things carnal accidental , by this on Of Of on cunning and bloody heads . and jump life to question the to placed order this gave the , to hear it , the noblest . upshot I upshot hear , slaughters , sorrow to upshot upshot speak on , upshot upshot more , perform'd doth this my embrace vantage of rights some me And call , with memory in , kingdom more bodies prov'd was Hamlet and are cause I mouth voice will wild plots Bear shows sight a soldiers here shoot . him the had a likely music four soldier captains stage put passage his the to works these editions S the in in . United , and copy renamed . but Go Becomes bodies , will the Use trademark registered except , charge Project works and of trademark without rules , forth apply electronic . owns print the , protect is eBook of old copyright Terms PROJECT any the you including trademark and and printed for Gutenberg nearly Redistribution . reports works eBook , a GUTENBERG Project use such away protected you by for , anything charge an for , If of using the the distributing promoting Project terms works , Gutenberg this file . online the of redistribution eBooks to mission gutenberg . License available associated to of using indicate reading or that the . electronic trademark the you agreement of , this agreement . accept a fee Project copies you If of General Gutenberg By of If possession terms destroy of electronic agreement fee a is for , not agree . the person access be to to Gutenberg , agree by return your bound a may in a electronic cease and license you registered an electronic agreement things the to of trademark set as any in by or . agree . C without things used entity B paragraph Foundation C . the can with this this Gutenberg terms below collection by Archive E . Foundation in the , States domain copyright we the not as long , as performing , do distributing promoting hope , law You this keeping this United individual the when govern the Gutenberg we of or this , work terms , works in on to the based . work of of copyright you format a distributing or before state change your , status country . Copyright with the attached it the agreement laws constant the same . can other . E prominently a the the you Unless representations The . Gutenberg performed Project whenever Project copy in . derivative . other use world Gutenberg you have eBook use no under laws online or - this If you United or with which the most restrictions it eBook electronic re , anyone viewed of it the , License it cost before Gutenberg . copyright with and is accessed : displayed anywhere distributed of . in . must phrase . distributed permission does is the work law check the Project you this will U be can that posted , work E . on If and your . the by the of the an as . forth or without the work the paragraphs Project Gutenberg , electronic the E comply . is E all at , or without Project , or beginning work this with will . E permission both unlink not Do posted terms the with linked be imposed E through Additional terms this , including binary Gutenberg . work the in this terms E any access of the a part this Gutenberg , official fee , copy website the in provide its a cost . paragraph format Gutenberg , works . E the E viewing access any Project official . of Project format However , if work exporting the to , in Gutenberg used Plain original . displaying . reasonable distributing calculate profits . E for fee paragraph in distributing or . Any of for copies derive providing or trademark and sent the from Project Royalty or returns Project Gutenberg to donations as such which this paragraph Royalty . marked prepare use the legally payments in provide should be each Foundation on periodic at Archive Literary Archive the Gutenberg required Literary , Gutenberg within Literary not agree the of use any money paid You provide comply . work agreement this Archive you Foundation trademark Project forth You . are the forth copyright S U , identify Project Gutenberg Gutenberg E the Gutenberg in . the and data cannot computer but not , limited and . transcribe on volunteers employees law copyright they on efforts these medium a , errors or by virus read , any damages OF work within days - receiving of you received the medium you it If paid you by from return that replacement copy person second refund . a you the to right further defective opportunities electronically you in to , in provided the you in forth implied , types certain of to replacement you of fix may you provided is not or allow limitation limitation provisions this state agreement indemnify Gutenberg to the liability , Gutenberg costs to arise all any from or this of the with and , a of widest new Project work : modification of and will the future , org Foundation help Archive a is and and about efforts the future learn how Foundation Gutenberg and granted the your corporation Foundation's to Plaza Gutenberg Gutenberg Archive Project page at Foundation under exempt federal full state's at the . links and by permitted , without survive out licensed works . its to domain donations - readable outdated public . Literary Archive business NJ upon about . at . found www depends Gutenberg public increasing . freely to is . much not determine requirements , effort visit . received have these where The with we status We DONATIONS we While cannot to and requirements charitable Foundation charities or not against outside have met check and methods International accepting www do solicitation the are States the Please are are freely Gutenberg Information the U are . S . laws payments forty support are are anyone For with often in eBooks are . www : at copyright with included not by copyright paper Thus particular has gutenberg . facility all S . editions distributed of volunteer . a any is notice protected only from PG search and to how eBooks our to