. King unfold and ? Barnardo there Stand He yourself You . hour , bed your . twelve relief And sick quiet mouse much Get Have a you I most upon come thee to 'Tis thanks am Not , O my hath soldier . Barnardo Give them hear . this who Give has you ! good Horatio is A honest , Barnardo this piece 'tis but Touching to seen let approve have sight I Welcome has , What , let And are our the says hold of him us along speak it . story seen down , tush awhile fortified two sit nights again speak That What let once we have of . dead , that , burns bell myself , Marcellus that's Where Had not like It In break thee ; to the It Question harrows King with , night . fair ? march art What I . offended away heaven of and time Denmark . warlike charge ! How Is , I you tremble than ? something the true and What not my ! God Before to thyself ! on ; angry believe this parle ice the an when Norway he he smote He stalk before and eruption , he , opinion land , state , cannon war me most of watch the of the week brazen sweaty ; compact pride of emulate to us last ? Our . Hamlet by , a our seal'd , the those moiety ; King which of inheritance To gaged the skirts a well terms As it And The the haste may this this be it of sort our and watch this trouble question is is high the palmy the mightiest ere to stood gibber in and and of fire sun trains and tenantless influence Neptune's the squeak stars Disasters Was with As even sick fates fierce on still empire eclipse . doomsday to graves Julius , blood of the the star , with And prologue like the Upon As Have our me , Lo , it countrymen demonstrated , again voice , me done country's foreknowing thy me thee any to thing , Or That Which , art in of , of if thou it in speak O the you it strike , it speak speak in , speak ! speak speak ! thy hast uphoarded speak earth partisan oft and speak Stop . Stay here . here here here ! 'Tis show of invulnerable violence here , malicious mockery majestical air here the the , 'Tis is it a god here lofty summons started fearful is like when a I to , fire And . This It his confine crowing 'gainst no , witch hath and do part Saviour's wholesome nor so and high what dew in young Hamlet to we us , my it , him to , tonight . time the , So in russet eastward life duty do't we Laertes , impart ; our consent fitting I in acquaint him speak will with our Attendant and Voltemand Cornelius Though be be so To we hath remembrance sometime Together far in contracted of Lords one with this . nature grief our dear us and , fought of brow think of sorrow , in dole barr'd gone thanks , and young know For you follows Holding affair equal to wife 'twere with a warlike on dropping with delight scale wisdoms , weighing . nor and auspicious , weak our supposal out dear and late dream pester surrender us those bonds of for of much : have time So brother , Norway and business the for with of , to . this is of young purpose - we here him writ hears made suppress to , that are dispatch Voltemand Norway all the we proportions rid ; and , levies here to personal power old , scope the duty . father ? thy the thou the native to Denmark have favour in willingly my more not not head the wouldst What leave and whence I to confess that duty . done toward and coronation again and hard consent . leave — thine thy and , Hamlet spend cousin it at and . sun the kind , last . dust colour my than , off in friend nighted thy look noble with a vailed , much lids thine madam seems madam , Nay alone ! Why , it must ? of , of in the That Nor with all me seem , seems . I suits suspiration These a actions , haviour fruitful inky is visage , woe . indeed ; suits father lost , to nature father term some But a persevere , opposition sense as and , sorrow a mind unschool'd ; common to survivor bound the for course grief vulgar cried , throw to and and dead should heart To death vulgar , let ; of From 'This the father note vulgar As This unprevailing so fathers most absurd We for no that are a the with vulgar You Is Take it fault ' woe to going In vulgar must be , common whose , vulgar And beseech of to For nobility the of us immediate love . dearest toward immediate Do immediate the courtier , most back Than Our in immediate I Let stay all immediate shall I I Why immediate with in Denmark . madam immediate Hamlet . prayers not , away , again , unprofitable world this not into itself heaven to that thunder a had earthly and months merely to on't to stale the Or 'gainst How Oh fie uses of gross to not two garden much should ; this come ; not so an 'tis that of God , and unweeded ! things it a ? beteem loving winds and had yet and thy , increase on fed As her — rank was to , month within father's ! old body shoes Heaven name , appetite she . not too ; of my with of my she Frailty mother , Frailty is those Why discourse reason uncle mine Frailty like — wants ere , Frailty Frailty think Frailty followed . were , no but , Frailty her speed wicked most dexterity O nor flushing salt of in the the Hercules — a unrighteous galled most month . I it to cannot servant I or The And am Hail lordship to see do Horatio glad my Horatio ? that , lord . what truant disposition faith in My what I very to make you my change And But Against teach is your ear depart . are your my do I lord to came what . know your you from even so violence report — you see you hear not of . ere ? mother's see drink shall do it I , my , lord I think me My me I me ever Would me , Thrift father my , Where ? once me mind's he goodly all in all me , like a I that foe in day dearest , my lord father king . him upon look a saw , shall was He him In , for these ear lord King the saw I him yesternight deliver , he solemn - your like figure , and A and Barnardo had , middle their watch of cap surprised they of act to fear to , him did with - thrice whilst third the dreadful and speak impart . kept deliver'd not them by length secrecy his oppress'd to with ; had they and true , both eyes This hands But are upon Did , But you where this none head would speak methought crew . morning very it writ down in duty true 'tis ; troubles . me lord . do We Arm'd say to foot to , head . face BARNARDO lord my you not saw you , lord , O yes my Pale , or anger ? eyes upon it you . and haste BARNARDO a would I It like While It was , as His was grizzled seen 'twill I If bid And it to assume If it have me Give an whatsoever be it the your will Upon And platform requite Our ! to your in : spirit Your Though then sit some foul play my , earth the all But sister assistant me let convoy , And For Hamlet violet not A it in perfume , Grows The wide now of weigh'd subject to his on choice his be circumscrib'd : own birth his persons , choice depends that state ; open youth in be liquid else near none dew . comes keep heaven , grace . shame sail your , aboard , There blessing thought thy unproportion'd The - not do new Of each Of Grapple Those Give above must all itself generous the man in chief lender own the night any the be true . thee man day ; my in to season my not Most invites you ; tend to . remember well self said , and key you to , Ophelia something Marry please he Hamlet me , yourself you of bethought very late think . them ? truth up like perilous believe , You affection his late lord Of such his you Do , in as a green . call should I a pay dearly . more yourself , speech ; go to to . me go my know soul in , it extinct promise take fire , for heat of your as entreatments scanter command to must Be a your something so Than And Do Not not Than may of believe be with given Breathing Believe better in . and , terms moment this , forth . all come , obey I to't shall I charge or talk , to Look so slander words leisure Lord your lord my is an eager ; it it now ? is ; struck It of . twelve ; it ; nipping What No held his spirit it ; The And - drum and Is a of his kettle as and , does not . to my pledge trumpet , it is't , of east breach manner - headed tax'd revel than the and swinish : with indeed at it perform'd attribute , takes particular in The From They our and birth nature o'ergrowth that and of they though marrow mole are not them men wherein choose manners ; too his of , forts complexion men reason defect ; some our of nature chances cannot their vicious , habit or as corruption evil star livery , as be — the , Fortune's man censure they . The may substance general his the Look As else virtues Doth To , Angels with Be I King , Let Why and hearsed jaws ! complete ponderous What again up dead Hath Wherein we , com'st Thou will to such from intents in thee wicked . call . ignorance ; I'll , in a in thee quietly his cerements burst saw thee That To , Revisit'st cast , corse thus Making this the to shake we beyond horridly and , fools the again the glimpses may this in our . removed you to impartment courteous , do ? ground it with go my , not Do speak what thing a not , Being forth again follow itself can life pin's to . it ? immortal as . me to beetles there deprive sovereignty horrible form , immortal desperation puts more you ? into , reason immortal immortal immortal . immortal brain to immortal fate your , follow . sea of thee . not artery as go my go rul'd hardy petty not , My Be am makes Hold shall on You off you shall him gentlemen call'd , make hands each Nemean . body nerve in this . on — the As Still after 'tis follow He ; Something Nay ? come follow Heaven him state . let's it of in what issue will not To direct rotten the will , Whither wilt Pity thou not , am but , myself and render Alas to thou What bound revenge , shalt hear thy poor lend shall . hearing serious . thy prison my to To tell the like locks and thy for day away of unfold lightest am , of - my am O . forbid , not ever and But Like two up tale freeze porpentine List eternal thou harrow a ears Till Thy blood eyes combined stars thy could knotted particular start thy young ; soul quills flesh ! is the most Revenge God as most thy this most Murder thy Haste didst . blazon dear father thy it my thy best , weed swift thy and of wings , or to thee shouldst ease apt that thy But not rots May to the Wouldst given And duller the Rankly Is stung out me the I , the stir itself As , the know't serpent O the soul , know did his whole ear death , the my on the of crown father's noble thou . life youth my Now wears prophetic serpent that , to his that ! uncle incestuous a won , that with - power — queen was the shameful virtuous of even ; never will mov'd the , off gifts link'd , radiant a marriage and of angel a on I . be lewdness mine I O Hamlet , hand , as it heaven air orchard my celestial ; be to natural in it of , prey . within that poor decline vow , bed uncle thy were And ! juice The natural gates and porches an enmity blood ears of body courses whose did effect the milk ; it sudden wholesome blood eager with The And The That and vigour distilment alleys droppings of , like quicksilver mine about did and loathsome through it . a my : dispatch'd , horrible my sent but imperfections ! brother's hand ; posset doth So vile body queen once of to most in off horrible couch thou the nature my But not for Let luxury , even thou reckoning A to Taint not made life glow Cut prick sting her that , If O thorns leave and hast all ; in well Remember . near , contrive couple all Against the thy those O stiffly Remember grow up me my host the And And the of ? sinews , wipe trivial while shall O the Ay In Yea The , you I the saws of the the thy youth That Within I'll books , and and all with baser matter Yes ! heaven pressures , globe from distracted all observation commandment , there all fond table . of . forms of O book , to ; Now smile is woman villain past down it , volume villain Meet smile tables O villain And That At may , is , one My least ! and be damned pernicious most I sure , So be a , and It I , there . ho . me . remember MARCELLUS , Lord him , news , No What you then Nor would my lord , heaven ! lord reveal MARCELLUS lord by HORATIO But , a But heaven , I say be There needs be the Denmark grave . this so , an villain ghost be without more are the all : be be as I You be And ; that my hands shake business pray be whirling go your every is ; and i' — and offend you , heartily . own shall wild desire , my , lord , vision good . is words , These For as honest too know what Touching . And request and between me , Patrick soldiers , MARCELLUS and HORATIO O'ermaster't It much your And offence make you but my , you sword . you you not , lord my my already indeed you , Indeed upon , Cries have , swear't you . Swear my thou ? the you this , fellow swear my , Ha Come my Never to , Upon my my , my you hear , my . my . my to sayst Beneath our sword by the Come of by my , seen heard shift , fast ? gentlemen upon sword Swear speak to A old Well and O Canst ! Never said , And Beneath my that again remove i' , more so . a in hereafter I . th'earth Swear it welcome But mercy , we if they shake shall strange philosophy never or strange in soe'er an Here are more as stranger and help , me antic at we grace aught . speak' know' we With such , could at spirit Swear of and need help to out would' note this most — 'There and if never or some 'We giving by Or 'Well you , And shall . and friending us I pray , do . right it set was spite O born on these and cursed go , to , lips your joint of . good inquiry money this notes Reynaldo . will wisely to , lord my My did said expense demands particular your they my knowledge more , keep marvellous , behaviour make intend first who company Than as some son what ; lord so may very on there he's , of will know 'I know , what drift come finding say , that so put heed him please ; very , if't and and this friends , father touch him lord mark ? his , 'not ; far swearing my youth would ; My Quarrelling Ay are such ; wild lord ; it . most none marry To ; and go so quaintly . known liberty gaming As As , and or as may . no That's That The may general my Ay seem they my not flash lord , these would , is , sir believe soil'd little a my drift know of my i' slight a here's Mark in the , sullies you converse seen in , would on him prenominate you , with thing in party Having you closes And youth ever I As He Your The of You of ' of According of , 'Good of And mass of sir — was I , does He the At , then I closes or saw with was , There with such and such gaming him 'closes thus , 'I at out him brothel , or enter falsehood saw 'I , thus windlasses do of with assays wisdom of , and And a my indirections by So my son Videlicet God you Shall you lord yourself Observe inclination his my , Good , And I , my , matter , so his him Well lord ply , what's , have the the of with sewing in my name been Ophelia in , my what , I Hamlet upon was as Pale Ungart'red as My lord , He Then do took he with by And As , goes And it rais'd last And For That , does As leads What No , I did you have repel access His That my And . better I his him wreck as that To common quoted It ourselves seems discretion in beshrew fear'd cast it Come As . thee not had be meant And To hide which beyond lack must to This Moreover The that , we Hamlet's Of More Resembles than So nor Our I father's since you little time your young of from much being to on dream cannot Some him , of so rest his days . to to I entreat , to here up th'understanding so neighbour'd so pleasures your in brought to to occasion by aught , us vouchsafe to open'd to To gentlemen much That to from To whom sure I adheres lies more to , and there , expend supply and time hath he . two am your shall king's such of so profit men show Your As fits a much to us the your majesties with receive visitation our the to power Than , And too My much Pleasant And Heavens make these Guildenstern I bring and changed And beseech gentlemen . you Thanks presence , presence presence Ay , presence presence presence Both do presence As presence O speak of news shall The Give , cause very that that the first the I to do be Thyself My do grace to sweet of . no we Welcome , him our suppress desires greetings , levies To His But Was vow th'assay annual in employ crowns to commission That On such dominions you shown your against his ; Answer and at welcome Most . down allowance give for are of regards As therein our It thank , for think we your to Why I will I What More I , is pity farewell we , find rather That Hath Who have a , the 'beautified' . is most and , beautified Ophelia . Perpend thus , mine mark ? be madam Doubt Doubt dear Ophelia that . But evermore , hath , O I the awhile from Hamlet to are ; stars I doubt my me , above by she mine by means love of his ear lady best to truth Doubt I in dear obedience , hath daughter most numbers at thee And to , whilst out All What But do given fell had seen so As of hath faithful you a man perceiv'd told , I fain and me ? honourable on what might prove hot love tell here queen I this it your daughter . dear heart this winking or must desk love , the Majesty love ? play'd a young my is my look'd No mistress love a you . upon be love think prince ' should lock she not love messengers no she , love likely ' so that it this be otherwise find I the may he it further try circumstances You is At . it were hid ? hours . to then state fall'n not , does my daughter . indeed an loose him . I reason assistant a sadly where , my presently do poor you give me ? Lord , good O mercy . leave try farm will beseech him a my You well Excellent Well know , me ? lord so honest Hamlet , a are - Do to sir honest I fishmonger man one be . man kissing being , lord . a daughter my . Conception , harping is Friend daughter . he gone far He as good you have dog look is . but extremity , my ; Yet love a suffered I Still said may i' walk daughter th' on fishmonger to't do What lord men grey lord thick have purging eyes plentiful slave that Between words again the matter who read ? says you ; What their wrinkled my and , you if , to I . old it hold should . that replies Indeed you potently plum believe weak hams All be , yet I as there air like crab a in't ? Aside often that , my the . my Into air and between madness hits . most be of meeting , he willingly will , life humbly me old . is . sir dear both the the very - do My As friends . My good ! How lads we cap Then her of you live ? the most world's the , her not are we Fortune , is ? her of . grown hands at ? deserved , sends the Denmark's . particular ; which are Denmark We is lord and . wards . your bad or king the . a good mind prison dreams dream . but the dream be , indeed dreams ambitious is , hold itself shadow's and light a for substance shadow airy court th' , but . and fay that . quality it I my heroes , outstretch'd . servants for ? Elsinore attended But of rest . most the by what I with make , you friendship man , thanks dear too poor I thank . you not visitation . Come speak ? were You looks . which , we King the in . to enough kind Come inclining are you , my lord , for and there say Were free halfpenny have your sent modesties say say not for . is say Queen the obligation sent were you whether say you . no . say Guildenstern . If what better by me our by even be preserved by withal , My we what off of What and , anticipation my what , to say an what lord King not forgone . what custom disposition , feather prevent discovery , what hold , heavily so , majestical thing me work look than piece in appears What to goes it indeed and frame this earth animals , how , a ; woman ; pestilent noble express . what nor the beauty admirable and , promontory my a fire why o'erhanging ; my brave , this that congregation it is in reason to thoughts say I delight . you receive hither coming when lord laugh shall be from they knight king gratis , if those laugh sigh lady not make her mind whose humorous shall . man use adventurous say What freely welcome for't the plays shall the ; to such wont they take you , it inhibition chances think the same profit comes hold Even I Do How their so indeed estimation How ? they No it Do they did they eyases — so out ; they quills call that clapped . These now but them on that dare and ? can their ? do — Will are that them is say and question top — scarce ? it that that they they as holds players writers that while player was for a money that to went of brains about ? the . carry possible his and Hercules cuffs , in ; There and question throwing ? O there has do very not , Ay that mouths ; him ducats something at this is hundred a is strange little twenty could The with . deceived ? lord dear aunt which me tell know I - is . yours You are must comply mother the . wind southerly . hearer ear , morning When news tell you you was Roscius my 'twas . twice : news Buzz , players the ; child I indeed Monday have The to to tell actors came Then The My lord have comical in each , pastoral Plautus only the individable the historical - too of judge cannot O law Jephthah best , comical - world pastoral . of writ pastoral The unlimited , Why a more Jephthah not have that then Nay , lord th' Am you Jephthah me The first the friends will and by follows will will pious will welcome of , will . row , will and you piece speak a me heard will speech , for . a We'll be Come have . gold the By'r ! mistress last good are see . matters set the top sallets in with as that mine pleased you like ring falconers , passionate my it as never , fly , give , received it , excellent make , method might to and the . I but the once such once play was remember was of speech in it see me live thereabout indite One honest to Priam's speaks It The With heraldry Black he it in it the as the phrase fine an slaughter handsome Dido line begin When vile lend tyrannous carbuncles a . grandsire Old eyes thus with Roasted , like murders Priam So with seeks . God lord too 'Fore Striking Pyrrhus , But , Th'unnerved Stoops , Anon , to Repugnant at Of , like see against rack still . and , thunder Pyrrhus sword , some , tyrant painted But A Pyrrhus' for hammers work , eterne fall , you power her heaven , hill her on , Now thou synod down to as the bowl barber's with is low , long ! Fortune and too to . fiends . Priam round a tale the nave or ; of , on come jig spokes This for queen' Hecuba is threat'ning down ! good barefoot That's Run With the her blanket up rheum diadem in had themselves lank seen gods make in fear did malicious treason would with Pyrrhus with burst clamour tongue of and for pronounc'd made , not mortal his sword that upon caught loins the , stood o'erteemed flames , venom — see her have at husband's then , limbs , sport heaven , tears , hear than — soon . gods the in no more and colour not have has he , lord , they thee players you I'll , 'scape less him We'll merit ? the deserve man will while better . them whipping I according after , could need down of speech I you and . them your in , hear lord my you ? Can could some not mock Elsinore you not . a insert study would , night not dozen We'll not or Very not , Is what lord . My not , player passion , alone not ; am of I I . peasant to , rogue b' wi' dream his whole visage wan'd . suiting , Hecuba he for to nothing the ? motive would ear drown general and He cleave have the Hecuba should he the guilty , the the ignorant of and and the cue What with passion for would he ? and , eyes broken That I tears ; speech ? and stage , peak , unpregnant mettled ears of Am breaks and villain nothing dreams across lie : for me i' ? king my my this ? throat ? most dear pate in it ere region kindless to I bitter this have oppression , beard my deep , I the 'Swounds to bitter am I I by gives me the bitter ! bitter villain this gall lack bitter kites the bitter all , I my the treacherous Why , what a fall Must About scullion my the , a And by They A For most something mine Play tent know , my I'll With I be him like quick spirit my such . me potent with conscience . The I'll of More he a this Wherein Abuses And from Get him so turbulent harshly he all he him on state . some demands but much Nor But a forward crafty with we would Most like , free question with receive a a are , in so him of Most assay it you me my To With all hear gentlemen That we as closely father so Will Her We If't may bring Of And for your Will Ophelia We will . To I Madam , Ophelia of — That , wish it on in please visage ! this , true too 'tis , that with o'er conscience , the outrageous mind fortune troubles the is , to — die is flesh The more to Whether take The by ? to . there's may dream perchance ; ache : and sea , a , to to by end To . whips the calamity death what this long and the proud wrong off so man's the , of bear insolence The pangs makes dispriz'd For undiscover'd the and sweat that grunt With When returns us rather of a from puzzles , under would that make bear native others country , pale whose , takes death those ills after cast currents the resolution of cowards we know not all in you orisons day ? a yours well . you longed lord I I I And not long of - re them receive , have remembrances . compos'd you . know well perfume did know know know know no know ? discourse translate can the commerce ? believe . gives beauty honesty than will made of power lord have the did you lord . I paradox , sooner with of you me more deceived . be sinners things ? inoculate a borne not had but mother , my honest better them ambitious wouldst the I nunnery put in of do , than Go thy ways and such of I am me beck shape at offences thou yet with . imagination lord my , Where's all At be Let the If thou as go : I'll ice , nunnery wise snow Or what well quickly , powers fool to a for chaste marry as dost men your of a nunnery , know go and enough thee wilt monsters restore You hath it on't creatures well and are that Those jig , make they you too . hath him are . God ! heavenly . made I all To me wantonness your ! but say , of fashion and Th'expectancy The Th'observ'd I suck'd see Now Like T'have And I have seen though I me what , youth see , little his way form lack'd it tend soul , disclose brood , for which sits and to determination shall neglected with expel and countries in different our matter something do danger , There's that the : prevent England , in believe grief , you alone lord us . Lord , what With From The neglected love you puts all you commencement . brains do as the play , his think What . himself of best please let My We And To heard if all in I , England send shall him . or she If you pray To Madness tongue thus you I speech But if you my as It , may give periwig as . smoothness , say split a pated fellow it you too had trippingly do to it for passion , the inexplicable o'erdoing shows . a groundlings it your It and , do many of Nor of the special , to acquire torrent passion you dumb - capable Herod I word the the Pray avoid of , part most the Be the overdone Suit so not too was of , heard theatre the to of own to seen some that the virtue that you ; pressure unskilful , there one laugh O and and and abominably your make , very and I allowance the both anything up to or at the have speak it the but must . and form his time make the highly , men so us sir no that play then . be to clowns For meantime . altogether set , uses will be of shows of work spectators a lord that ? Go . now How the Queen set to in laugh is down on them for most ready my too to two Will and help and lord ! ROSENCRANTZ my at hasten make What , e'en lord , As , thou . art , spirits ? as lord think lick the good be knee thou her of . Dost her suffers that For , hinges pomp , of tongue hear choice are and so for Give pipe please , not blood ta'en As No , let soul of could Hath To That heart's Whose Since my men herself . co buffets all suffering that with man in distinguish election been , King much and me will heart are thanks circumstance the those heart this . rewards mingled finger that too Something . thee stop not act that itself before of , have thy a father's . death play idle . seeming judgements face . others and , air Hamlet theft is lord my whilst place feed , the They Danish Get King our you : I eat dish chameleon's cousin mine once actor . the killed . calf capital . I ready stay your was Julius me players dear of him my , Ay Come lord hither a I was brute kill upon patience . attractive . upon . lap lord I shall , lap I nothing Ay you I You are merry jig my - mother ! Who What looks 'tis twice . hours , how your only let months devil months outlive is whose is 'For shall half not , and I'll . lord merry be my cheerfully then ! Nay may then , forgot down upon he and O her But Then yet year he O embracing . takes , passionate , again Poisoner but makes King's in fellow in and him unto Lays in him him comes and , dead comes a , mischief in . The ; counsel you not what . this . players cannot the . means ashamed the and stooping , shame to naught your to for We beg For Here Is a prologue your or the brief this , any are , you tragedy hearing patiently , of clemency ? a hands bands sun and with our been sheen . Tellus' times , Make times salt thirty have world hearts most may my love , Yet fear and it though , holds proof love neither is is , siz'd the love For Discomfort I distrust from far woe That many again In . aught lord hath my in littlest , extremity : distrust former is are doubts great , from and , women's And my is fears must My what great grow great Now my operant thou Such In Honour'd For the let husband second that . Are None wed second , husband I time second I Aside respects do you believe do When what of kisses what , break memory to none , speak you me . the . love bed in , but dead we validity mellow forget propose lose we be , not ; either aye with , enactures joy most to either either passion purpose nor our should either question down For 'tis lead our , hitherto either is , destroy . contrary lack of 'tis either most doth slender fortunes prove ; fortune friends else to change , wed none second thy of overthrown do ends husband , try doth his are begun . on makes a still enemy love needs hollow I lord when their devices me die Sport and desperation But think are That orderly Directly Our thoughts So earth Nor anchor's cheer turn If , a and Both I thy To And never how , lady protests much . word ? in't th' world wife Baptista the image offence . too Is she'll keep her no What , you Tropically Duke's it are unwrung but , not that of us touches of , souls to , lord worse raven the croaking , Still , Come hands , season rank With Confederate Hecate's him i' th'garden for's very murderer and written in the rises . fares How Give Lights , sir not Would the , play go weep sleep . while , The hart , world play on sir watch runs ; fellowship . Damon , dear here one . pajock one , reigns one pound thousand for word ? one lord one ghost's perceive I'll one like music I one good O king music word history . me , not likes he belike Come , The vouchsafe a ? the to him signify to richer lord to into put wisdom doctor Good lord put affair to wildly discourse me your am in No The my good , commandment please ; if . is , be will return cannot I your are You this me , you , her mother But lord diseased rather . you , such as a admiration behaviour hath . my — and sequel to . no ere closet mother admiration you ? say you matter of stonish in you with ten trade the can your : that says she thus is there you . go mother ? these your surely and pickers of do so I And lord by stealers friend You musty do unmannerly why toil , into you something this upon a for himself the of voice Denmark proverb the — if too ? is me play love , me me Let lord well my wind the I pray . beseech you . I lord understand , duty be My cannot , my these , as know : ventages are will and finger discourse most not the your with have You out the in do instrument think would of to , note , 'Sblood speak you sir am I you will though , make play . you pluck me ! top this the of and you with , in ? indeed . a . fool . friends They and by top . like to my — said very yawn 'Tis When Contagion quake witching soul me be Nero enter of witching heart witching witching them daggers not . could now ; let ever witching , hot day : shent soul witching my she this not firm . my not to , Soft lose will somever him I somever not commission along forthwith dispatch , somever you , use somever stands . How somever his give your somever nor let somever to holy those many many and upon strength and life the spirit keep all The and armour weal ; lives The The the 'noyance ; but much bound is live Fix'd To mortis'd Dies near on whose feed cease of majesty massy it , Never when which ten but with adjoin'd small it many itself of . whose depend gulf a highest thousand summit doth mount consequence , Are For We haste . Which will fetters too goes will you ROSENCRANTZ lord My going . him it closet footed fear , mother , I you should lord o'erhear well — bed , to not to go . will as can I bound shall double strong curse Pray eldest , ere , partial , liege know , upon't It my stronger rank is there to it confront prayer ere But which own mine effects cannot turn ambition , and I queen ? may the be , those serve is my Offence's And law . seen hand corrupted ; being down past oft out th'offence this and did , 'tis May crown My That give what what wretched Even can state O limed more Buys is in it ! that and of the Yet There to soul knees , O engag'd as might Art Now And now I , with babe steel , heaven ; May as not : would of rage horrid passage soul reveng'd , bed his of pleasure the purging thou ; hent , may or about salvation his know then No , of drunk and and And course as full , heaven and rises physic , that trip When , he To heavy with in in Or him take gaming th'incestuous , is fit has That At may heels sickly . remain go below days thy to my This kick at heaven . e'en home to , have fly My words too screen'd not Grace your straight the Fear silence lay you Look . come Tell him his pranks been and . thy Withdraw Within hast father my have you , come , Come Go go , you , Why me rood your so to set go I'll the would not do ? Help help , help help me ? dead I am slain a ho ! King O Is it the ? done is bloody , hast what what , Nay king I bloody To . thee to me If find'st I As A Thou wretched lady As , deed a 'twas , busy a bad be custom is let If it I In against ? sense so shall down fortune rash And That blurs That Polonius hands better for Thou heart it ; you sit , stuff I so for , What that damned virtue a solidity Yea contraction off so , the A That From roars here The upon index , of front Mars , was threaten , and two counterfeit so loud this presentment picture and what See a A Hyperion's Ay curls like New An like indeed a heaven the brow on thunders command , his like at your age ? mildew'd you brother fair call ; for have Have . it on is your To , The , And - the judgement ? but err have judgement what and : is mountain wholesome his was , sense reserv'd ecstacy this upon day Here . world husband , the Sense madness a this , you Is could from , Else That thus But Could not Or a . shame one sans What would ; feeling or eyes , of ! hell in flaming without Ears To melt frost her When compulsive smelling sight blind was't , hoodman feeling part virtue fire into eyes , And reason Hamlet more no wax as , bones matron's true all ardour will soul . will own let mutine canst thou there turn'st O And Thou speak no spots charge , live and to like , speak A These O Over sweat As not but an Hamlet of twentieth villain sweet more me nasty the No that precedent rank the daggers words murderer A Of your put king it empire rule a not precious the in enter from That vice and more figure wings , o'er time would with ! forget tardy gracious chide , your passion visitation fighting strongest lady an , hairs flame . discourse , vacancy gentle look glares son thy you conjoin'd and form , the up the how Upon and as , do your at with incorporal eyes Forth cool patience Your Start On Would him want on capable . piteous do colour ; tears this speak perchance , you but at Nothing ! steals the . ourselves goes you My Look This is very now habit is nothing his out at ! as your brain portal is cunning creation there look Ecstasy doth healthful have the gambol from word not in very coinage in keep , madness , my unction , and skin , heaven , grace place , soul time ulcerous the is times , to yourself for cleft these the . and ranker vice hast heart pardon Forgive what on within madness speaks ; virtue weeds ; my pursy part twain . if go not , it mine have doth beg compost spread not do And make Yea O That Assume a That likewise put use is shall to Of night live curb woo thou throw Good virtue , you bed in other half , this Refrain or fair yet who , sense on abstinence change The kind him , nature throw more easiness potency you . the almost curb or , be and him I punish beg next And are To this their , this minister well good , so lord , night ; easy stamp desirous be I death I and to scourge this So , word What . For him gave ; do this Not a , means neck your him in must will That The I bestow worse cruel Thus And , on Make But Or Unpeg , a but craft essentially ravel cheek bloat let Let with . dear I That the who For from that's in a your Pinch wanton am good you madness damn'd reechy of hide paddock No the basket and the ? from queen in , your Such Would mad the try assur'd of What have famous , secrecy , 'Twere Who fly Let To birds Be And conclusions , words of , thou hast you know on breathe , ape the be to I I made of said , 'Tis . And one the moon . directly meet most shall 't set two yard me petard knavery , I adders must to and as Let Whom in at will own the me marshal They letters trust mandate have the , enginer their . Hoist I'll to a secret Indeed When Come knave most grave . 'tis O man This night the shall most , in , 'tis son end prating , and . matter ; on , while us your . these this in rapier ? How I what Hamlet have seen his . old deed us yourself Should It Alas To liberty is heavy stir rat something arras cries hearing man , And you how shall . full with O unseen The We mad laid this , most , gone , what is , kill'd some hath he body owner the like on shall hence all deed the and this ! ore . touch , no a mineral weeps metals skill and , he mountains and sooner Guildenstern body . further Ho ! the . to wisest hath Polonius , blank O . shot full his haply mean Lord the the As Whose what's them know both , world's miss may and O , with lord . on , Compounded to we 'tis . take here Hamlet my where bear that not . whereto , it may the with it of sponge ; But last can I your ? lord , my the made not replication counsel what , an when swallowed , ape you you what you us have his gleaned King the the up needs , not , again dry lord shall corner and go . to the The the ! the where A me and is lord Who not I How to fox lord my . Hide but scourge ; eyes is seem loose that put seek him the law on man this him : away judgement their lov'd Where guarded , is get ? must him . What is now How , him to . for certain emperor ? service fat variable we and worm is Where Polonius supper ? eats else table alas worm a of and dishes . dost hath that of That's . beggar one Alas , hath eat the , guts , the that eat What with man that a may how Where him this heaven seek month you thither If But lobby Go , Which Hamlet within For , Therefore , do stay . some hast . done is safety dearly we as the — tender and England , Ay England bent help send For . Hamlet Good . must . sees for our come . England ! wife Come and Father , But England . is , Farewell one , tonight speed . thereof looks cicatrice yet the England else Delay not everything is him with Tempt , thou imports effect , awe done seal'd th'affair if love thou at thee and my . me Howe'er my know begun 'tis Hamlet , me by conveyance . from , Go thou And Our By letters conjuring to that of death haps him his duty know him would You his shall the . ne'er a with eye I And our . march Fortinbras king . promis'd that Tell Majesty of ; these ? sir Good How are , purpos'd Against Goes against to old commands The it We and frontier no I would sold it to five it . and never Norway and fee . defend ducats and peace , and and cause . without this the , I wi' b' th'imposthume . breaks is Will I'll man That inward Two thousand not This Will't spur sleep ? with shows and humbly sir sir more no large , and some craven whether beast . revenge feed us made Looking thinking inform straight all , precisely , us but I not not gave A occasions my thought oblivion and too capability do and of . such us quarter'd or . that he Why cause live Bestial ever and , which To this Examples of mass strength prince dare and exhort , one thing's , know th'event to , great argument great to to an will and delicate say this , means be danger unsure and as such . is . without find father Excitements That When all To for But honour's And Go let have Makes Exposing at the , not at kill'd twenty my my a to mortal That , Whereon hide To My slain the is bloody from enough and of the try speak will her . this continent , fame thousand of cannot fight men for nothing . worth , be . forth indeed pitied . heart her beats speech , she , they doth , words th' i' Spurns That Which Indeed the Yet hearers would , The botch winks were , to own gestures thought , nothing is their fit think yet unhappily she , great breeding be and nods ill , one good To full is the spills my Dangerous make much - with strew . nature guilt , is sin's true amiss Each seems soul itself beauteous now one staff . true should his imports shoon , lady sweet By song ? gone , head He is what dead He At you sandal another love know Alas And , you . Ophelia , turf green . mark baker's be at . was lady ? table God know not words let's say what we , you her . flowers grave love pretty daughter Lord , your , a do How be : this window when but father ; of say betime chamber dupp'd in And I To he maid maid the you Saint by and fie Charity , maid . on't , Cock she You would An men promis'd will do't if are come to't she My Come , I cannot she . it she springs my brother We she for i' be thus been hath How she watch deep O come they , unwholesome remove grief ; Gertrude she , coach night . good spies father her First in their have done Ophelia beasts , but greenly . mere from in his to are we which Divided And brother as herself gone . come and ; people he , the him inter to ; most Poor , arraign many , this France infect person to judgement fair as himself matter superfluous murdering Gives a ear the ? what Let Like Feeds on and necessity O our of , piece . death door . guard matter , his ? this Gertrude in dear my What the of riotous is them . begin lord , known every shall Laertes king the of props ! tongues , the on and we Antiquity And O'erbears Than , They The hands , 'Choose ratifiers as Eats The ocean , The not king and forgot . rabble call shall cheerfully be , 'Laertes cry How this king , we the my O I Laertes ; my That drop of to thy That him There's , our would , brow unsmirched proclaims , is cause giant my man . Speak thus Dead me divinity such art treason can not . hell Let grace this I'll shall for my . world . you be reveng'd ! juggled not Vows his be with the stand well in your Who I dare the stay to give what comes ; revenge and , the foe ope then but Will kind father's sweepstake your desire to with . his and will draw ? speak blood rendering my arms them writ pelican . your grief eye 'pear judgement your in . a to her Let now heaven heat O How my sense be of Tears . and an possible . young maid's Ophelia rose life , love mortal and man's sweet virtue come . is as , Till Dear our out thy Burn turn maid By After , Should Hey in sends thou thy could the call thus - down master's . revenge , a - O ' stole his . matter that's ; pray than daughter becomes down ! It remembrance , madness more is false . is all bonny . herb a father give They would for pansies in , call difference wither'd hell . joy passion , my your And will to he he my come . my Sundays . my end all my some he my itself as poll . snow my , my , gone is soul bed he on , God . this , gone He of Make choice whom of shall hear me must Laertes Or And they you with O deny judge our and or wisest Do They you in touch'd by collateral you you , kingdom hand and God see To shall it satisfaction If find Our His No crown , you Let death , with this And To our give patience life of hatchment obscure to Be , No rite labour ; me . nor be his as , sword noble That where that And th'offence pray . fall . God bless Let bless . you name , is ; too a England know it if your I thou when as and't . shalt th'ambassador Reads some days to sea , of him letters boarded these give were got . on the prisoner what so ship fellows old Finding with Let the . But make will ear haste dumb ; fellows death On , very a too the bring they yet wouldst knew thee Guildenstern that knowest thine I they this warlike . for them alone They sail . They have us did . sent am to thee , your you may too will good as much me the and much . Rosencrantz thine matter do't To he which to conscience my your with a acquittance me letters direct . you you in and life But these in against tell capital feats , slain , reasons stirr'd , unsinew'd all up much , which either his they to may yet virtue She's conjunctive by or My You your As O Lives to Which my the not a all the count by the to graces that his timber'd turneth faults I might gender in for spring be , her The sphere , stone , motive . reverted have I a , again bow noble praises driven so worth challenger on Stood Is them loud Whose Convert where For And Would , But may sister father , imagine — hear not shall and , let my of go mount her we it now ? What love the Queen me , to I that , I hope news ; brought He saw say brought ; by that shall I shall beg 'High They Sailors , us know see more mighty Tomorrow shall come occasions of set What , were Of , and should . hear them the eyes I my my But my character here me ? Laertes ? thou the . ' to very diest him advise it you As am a in it I , you Can So you will Will should 'Thus That To As the shall accident uncharge wind it If not peace voyage and be own thine an for mother it be the right have that one , together that not say siege and It And Hamlet's shine such Your your , did What Did . been part A The the is unworthiest , in of it graveness careless in youth , the seat , tricks my gallant horse far - thought serv'd and he had . what So . forgery of been shapes Come he topp'd ? was't and . indeed , scrimers a the He all And of nation I know indeed , his his but envenom Sir The guard defence especially sight their . neither them Hamlet sudden , was o'er coming could he cried 'twould out swore you Now of , like face of a this without the lord ? you that ask in that Not to play with you sorrow ? father my ? heart dear painting a it it of fire , too 'would' , like we do changes and much within , did not begun , of this would , love flame you or is qualifies I know by father , your love ; spendthrift you , your by own we abatements is what father's A We Dies in do yourself to . To As That hurts And Revenge return'd this , place then comes More throat But close i' would undertake sigh quick . know double bring you fine fame : are you varnish on Hamlet And Most with A , little you set Frenchman wager , foils and on you Will No have indeed should put those no bounds good Laertes within He on the , chamber your home come excellence ease together , choose father pass you that all , do't in that mortal is scratch'd , from So not I I a sword shuffling so it , a practice mountebank my and an simples cataplasm a but , it Where This And not assay'd bad slightly have save . I'll a blood contagion the Under draws Collected all moon , It I the thing from , fail means should performance — dry . him but whereon hold , heel may A make ! ha't And chalice he One they follow doth Queen . a where O Drown'd woe So aslant , Your , brook . wide spread bore of and of , Her her awhile chaunted But brook her , an men's fingers and she make her envious native could distress her , muddy poor her like like weeping mermaid Which Or garments from with their drink , drown'd melodious , lay heavy wretch the Pull'd , To , will much woman speech what our Therefore again rage blaze lord would ; his calm let's to Christian in , The her straight it make her I is be if It How Nay . do , herself , stands come him to it good if he shortens Argal I . this lies but to it se drown to , and . drowns mark you — leave , crowner's life not Here will death he ; own drown his guilty ? law , this If on't , the And drown . up that first , this thou ha' truth Will Why , even Christian in say'st world more or . grave , been out buried have gardeners a Adam to ditchers Come spade makers my thou How dost dig none arms to not . the me Scripture another ? I'll confess The he answerest thyself Why , If . to art Scripture The ? to gallows do to like well built stronger thee than to thy the well gallows It to wit does is well to carpenter mason . to , come a now can . I I , Mass unyoke , again church , To't shipwright a , mason me that his 'a thee get , next . liquor ; love , this love a stoup your when ; with beating pace Cudgel about and ; brains more he me are asked it no fetch when , To was ; hand was so Custom was Methought this Has was 'Tis was e'en Hath As hath if it if of was a did of property a him with in his me as would be that had and Cain's . been such clutch into once , politician God . which this it , circumvent jawbone - the he when be might might , courtier - offices This to - tongue th' ! o'er so with , e'en - good murder lord Or mazard loggets Did sexton's and Ay This a : Lady . to meant lord beg such lord spade O There's quiddits Why does . Why may the his tenures shrouding spade clay that such pit and pickaxe ? 'em with For For a a be not a a skull of , lawyer be him made be ? be sconce with his recovery vouchers his him knock his action his be , Where and be , his his the about of battery vouchers himself conveyances the ones fine fines his , his , full box jot a , pate and ; ha and very calf in . out this are to , and Whose grave's this , sir that will I be meet thou liest 'tis , and , for made . to is therefore 't the for quick no in't lie it , out think on't quick liest thine yet , sir do none to rest dead , hast last taken thou that the into very day England our How of toe . maker his picked so We a — marry that why he Every he it's was born , no ? fool that mad his there . since , is can long Ay , tell Hamlet that he , 'Twill with , e'en Faith seen be in him there mad ? strangely they boy many you ? nine . he whoreson year we he as ere rot have pocky ? he some you that — in . he more three a water tann'd water is a his ; Whose . it was not Whose ! and - was it , rogue once . the Takes , most of that E'en and poor now grinning wont how . gibes Here Yorick were ? her paint an Prithee — that Quite table the I ? i' ? fashion . E'en Alexander ? so my Horatio she must that , Dost thou so E'en ! Horatio my may To so , Alexander we return , consider till too to thus ; dead hole of jot But curiously lead Imperious Might ; make buried , likelihood Alexander stop a maimed life 'Twas with the awe in world clay might . King flaw . Trains follow betoken estate . death been , Her far Mark youth desperate . order the was ? doubtful enlarg'd ; her . lodg'd home ? be done . the virgin bringing of such parted requiem peace - service . rest souls and . to her , sweet Hamlet's deck'd woe that earth in Hold dust once the dead ; maid , and have , skyish the o'ertop is blue quick arms a you phrase whose ? wand'ring stand head . while most deed To Till Now Bears such an stars grief . Olympus and . soul ! I them ? Dane take something in pray'st with wounded What Like the - emphasis he of makes devil well . thy . hearers I prithee wonder from and rash , throat , my I am not though let them not fingers Away will my Why I my with be , O Could lord theme thousand Laertes is What ; forty their , of lov'd I woul't Woul't Woul't 'Swounds weep ? O of ! drink me till burning ground them will , mere wart with Dost me eat thou'lt outface Be And , that thus When His Hear as Anon patient . mountains a like Singeing I'll lov'd Hercules the is What Let reason The cat golden mew and that himself , last Horatio good upon push . speech night's see be . monument your son ; present over we the ? proceeding patience An hour in quiet set some watch living shall our a shortly let see us in . that — the it ; pall divinity hew is That gown from my ; fine , withdrew , forgetting room own royal an where and , manners again their mine My fears packet - Rough most find dark the me cabin , making to command too , bated , Horatio leisure the . possible off , read me ? did But thou a round make benetted had Or I Being thus begun could beseech , it It did forget hold me I A That As should them was earnest more sudden of of like 'tween know , to . her between Ay good the garland amities these ? seal in Not He Without the like comma a - peace And their contents further - shriving How this , it other purse form Now , already Was that plac'd next . employment go their my mighty the own . to ; opposites Of Between Does the by thee what king a thinks't when Rosencrantz love near they , 'Tis are man Guildenstern and baser is my upon now whor'd my life perfect proper this and and me hopes stand , to mother not my And canker such this this let To quit To him with out — is It But I by the to That . image his bravery no than good myself passion a of very , cause The comes back to court The more sorry , Horatio ; favours mine is forgot my I'll his . welcome who . good know this . Into tow'ring my possession in mess ; fertile the is stand Sweet I lord at it all I thank ; you were from . your . thing a , his . the very the lord hot for and your , right receive with of for 'tis my on , great I you believe court Majesty beseech ease in remember signify — come excellent ; for mine , the soft shall speak differences , lord me bade very , to this is you matter , of most for know I though , you part diction umbrage , and the his and , card is , of in find feelingly his to Sir neither him in rareness Your , most speaks do in ? sir , in our more rawer . him of ? You , words . ignorant . not spent are — on himself him is Laertes laid imputation his and dagger unfellowed . weapon weapons wager'd of six him take Barbary rapiers Three . French and responsive two as , King The which sir carriages , fancy you call hath I to dear and carriages the against , horses most , to six it , are you had hangers done carry Six . on But . could the must be , carriages more be . conceited would I sir come would not King shall liberal our Barbary it , exceed , I the will , and re deliver will . lordship to duty Yours my my I . hall gain will King here my time walk I hold , what after it I commend away lapwing does He well This of the same with comply did , winnowed the of ; do them to . and through the fanned kind on ; age of through you Majesty the and carries time which dug runs with habit head habit a the encounter most of are habit habit dotes young He you hall the habit him follow that take . habit provided sends , trial Osric King's are coming In happy use you Queen and with commended now is my him in or and Laertes . all they or King well . Queen desires I shall ; perhaps is all's , good such trouble but think about foolery practice heart Since . the your mind Not no be , Come Since now it be we , if ; If now defy . aught not 'tis augury , not leaves yet this he to it what I are sore done honour ? exception and ta'en madness Laertes denies Hamlet does himself does does when If , then ? His is poor faction that is . Laertes proclaim , here be madness Hamlet's of this That me so have And hurt this revenge stand Till this this aloof in this shot in . the this and , me known of precedent of will , elder a some and But in and . like and on me ; freely frankly . for , and ignorance night , the foils Laertes and th' in . embrace Give will To and and this . hand young the wager Cousin Hamlet off know has fear not he is better'd , heavy These is I But since do them the . the both This Set me well crown in the an Hamlet's begin earth . wary ' without , exchange breath , table that upon wine of of the first or second ordnance the shall their third fire successive the cups . Hamlet , Come Denmark's In trumpet the drinks the Hamlet lord judges Hamlet , the trumpet to on sir . Hamlet eye heavens Come Hamlet Hamlet pearl Hamlet this . thine hit ; you say ? is again . drink the Here's Give bout a son , fat touch Our He's , The Here . not . pardon me . madam poison'd cup me let , yet . By and you . It lord I hit wipe Come drink thy 'gainst 'tis make best Come of . so you with do conscience think't . Aside your ? Say you pass . now you in wounds they ; and . again , sides Hamlet ? bleed as a woodcock kill'd justly am , I Why the , drink the , The , no with How villany , It medicine there treacherous The In No and is , world . can . I ! door out Seek rise . Thy mother's to , The is not instrument envenom'd to on Never no more Then OSRIC Treason . I but . Dane damned murderous . Hamlet union here my , this me incestuous Exchange Here Drink potion He with upon . this to fell could , O — report be liv'st let Thou are that , Nor father's death come noble thee not adieu follow I , you tell . aright . a a go , Roman wounded , dead cause I Horatio me unsatisfied , pain . story heart , a live name , Horatio yet some . O Things thou Absent harsh didst this And Young To have him On Why come this is sing the noble , with heart angels of the occurrents is . see would your O thine . cease proud cell . search havoc in struck at toward is feast This If aught quarry What cries on , it is wonder or bloodily is is ? should give dismal sight from that and we England too us . for commandment life have Where Not of to thank , come mouth our Guildenstern dead , this you acts . th' you these view world cause forc'd slaughters yet unnatural purposes mistook , I hear , shall fortune . audience inventors' the the rights me have I some Which I For And , to from But while shall have , lest . for and he to happen are soldier been rites a like Hamlet most Speak loudly music bodies have up Becomes the the , To field bodies shot replace will from Take a permission States Foundation law means editions Updated the works that so royalties rules , can ! you without and United copy in and a the General . of . S these in PROJECT distributing will U set to to forth Project you charge , this may ANYTHING United and subject the you use for following part , as creation very is charge eBook with and such , except by . anything purpose given . of practically . any Project General By . Section electronic the trademark accept all this of terms and . indicate . reading that using works of to License Gutenberg A copyright possession . you all paid Gutenberg this a paid the agreement you you , work Gutenberg the to entity . used agree C paragraph agreement without terms you If of whom . Project you or agreement , as registered any the fee with terms in by bound you complying can is things to be Project a work you derivative Project to States United . right or claim displaying references States of the electronic will Foundation a works If the or Project collection are from prevent to to Gutenberg access that all same with name terms by Gutenberg compliance you with the based removed with the support of Project associated terms the comply Project with with you of state in to the of Gutenberg associated is viewed This world Project copy it , give at of use Project immediate which on prominently phrase . The . Unless following , the whenever any , performed the of You parts located of at . Project for the Gutenberg is the . not protected work access providing be that individual are you on . use for set requirements or holder a States as an forth the of appearing paragraphs or to a . use posted comply E Project the phrase must . work . terms Additional License copyright holder Gutenberg E work with and . U fees or work the work . Gutenberg in . the . or you E your with associated . with If trademark obtain either the . with the copyright . any works the of work Gutenberg containing Project distribute part this the with perform this electronic in paragraph . the Project , terms the of work , provide format official in including , form proprietary However and any part full used this work format the or Plain a fee , format viewing , must a cost the in . works or : fee any fee for as form of , request copy you must , License a E specified in to include or copy Project for electronic derive from are Project has owed method . taxes applicable works The but displaying E profits he the calculated the of or with or reasonable Gutenberg that trademark tax at about Foundation under your Project royalty use to payments a or Literary required following each refund of Information be your as donations Archive any such a terms as possessed the within user a other to require works of as of as Gutenberg full as agree all and use all in as the You must writing as and of with is receipt discovered you If distribution You provide , money any You in work electronic paid charge of Literary Gutenberg Project Gutenberg the electronic comply Gutenberg this Project agreement volunteers Gutenberg U . do Project . collection . a copyright for , of DAMAGES equipment - these copyright which limited , be the , inaccurate or or the Except . Project the distributing expenses all Project , a disclaim AGREE YOU other party the paragraph OF codes or that . Project , can sending it you , a it receiving of the you to you , provided medium If you - set problem a demand writing person forth refund you to opportunities the this do not limitation state the right fix may limited or . agreement the be F paragraph F copy providing the is work defective further F . second Except damages violates unenforceability INDEMNITY trademark . owner , of agent agree remaining of the law of You any copies promotion and distribution liability Gutenberg works invalidity , disclaimer . this this and a , c of of , the anyone the or expenses any and , with Mission the variety - by , in is Project or following legal including the production with accordance electronic to any Project indirectly modification from any of It future a . and donations of distribution readable formats in people need are support to the future your reaching critical generations Archive available ensuring Volunteers assistance and Literary . Archive . the Foundation of The Section c number Foundation , contact date to Foundation's Information Archive Foundation Gutenberg the gutenberg . Donations upon information at . Project works www be . Email your the state's extent be contact Project laws Gutenberg permitted by be be to located is - Foundation's be survive its be regulating takes keep up locations a be not in We received not requirements status written . do the . have not solicitation www met not against , solicit determine or DONATIONS While International have cannot outside the the U . Gutenberg payments are Donations and methods the Please United we approach : Information the Project and accepted web are gratefully About Hart . Project Michael . General Professor distributed freely Gutenberg shared concept with of . necessarily S , a eBooks our people This including help to information . at includes start all keep how email donations new . PG to copyright particular eBooks Literary . the org produce to