Stand . Stand upon carefully He your Stand . twelve come Stand You most Stand now King ? Stand Stand to , haste Marcellus and stirring mouse , Horatio is ? there hath . you . Horatio there who you Give farewell honest , O good ! Barnardo , Holla place - night has this 'tis Horatio but . Welcome Touching Therefore us With And That to this our watch I have again if will I let of awhile says sight , this may let are And That sit have our , story this . this . speak not 'twill eyes , of , westward t'illume us Sit Had same his now Where we two nights , Last star course The break same , When And yond the and heaven , dead . to King with be would Question It like ? fair usurp'st In Did What thou with it it , wonder , speak warlike of and fear It harrows me to spoke , Horatio that the ? art march See Horatio something this gone , speak It ! will look on't ? pale . this not like As thou art sensible think more ! tremble eyes to the ! parle had Polacks the he God I own on , hour ice an combated : on ; at gone he and , gross and stalk smote Such armour when 'Tis When Norway martial scope eruption that state not the particular thought before twice He So our watch dead this work to and shipwrights why So And such Does This With Thus What Who night impress And Doth the divide the Sunday sweaty the day me inform that brazen the observant task . week war most mart At know That not , prick'd you image , so , Hamlet a world our , be Why , Whose , Which forfeit Did , so this Did For Was to . of ; as hot , conqueror competent the Fortinbras inheritance To Was Well this slay by our , King ; which a , moiety had article of , same , design'd , full , Now mettle skirts , His Hath a in't ; which take , other state our to lawless , and , unto of recover by the father stomach diet , and in the head , watch Rome . wars the eye watch fell the it it - haste And , watch this that our of his So this Comes watch The is little the In watch Well was watch A question mind's trouble mightiest , sheeted the state palmy and in sick stars ere tenantless fire and fierce , the dews of blood , events , coming of doomsday preceding sun squeak Disasters Was influence to Neptune's . countrymen where . done , ease do though it , comes illusion demonstrated together and , be ! womb speak in spirits the you ! earth of uphoarded may thy , me there to If thou , Speak any to O say Speak That strike it art thou , which , I at it , Do Extorted they To 'Tis it stand ! majestical , mockery of wrong it it is the malicious air blows show , when so 'Tis do For We , the as to it , Doth It The Awake the confine or god It say Some his Th'extravagant then And Upon the day fire present object cock 'gainst is all no witch are nights then The fairy truth probation celebrated power the gracious in high time . clad believe long planets cock night season the . part our our will acquaint in Unto hallow'd the dew watch our o'er look So The No , yon is advice my seen upon fitting Voltemand , morning and . death , it , I , do't we shall most I , find Attendant kingdom ; nature , queen . think brow of befitted whole woe state ourselves on discretion this dirge with a warlike , him brother's our one wisest sometime Together we so of that defeated dropping and 'twere with our grief now to , eye in thanks . Fortinbras gone , worth young all have delight , barr'd with , brother , and for time . father most not Our Holding thinking to late , wisdoms weak supposal Your Lost He To To our and business uncle nephew's this , his by impotent Norway much valiant and Now all In , Laertes what's : the with , Laertes ? mouth thy Denmark instrumental be of You your speak What , to the asking the news your duty duty . Laertes , you Dane . beg , of thou and my your Denmark have , favour Dread What Your to more hand The shall reason my voice of to father France not ? heart , thy the to came lord my I toward ; to confess , leave that again gracious your to your father's my lord What says and done to coronation duty France , go time son and — my at to at . leave last hard and wrung will fair , little How so , Hamlet Not my ever thy I father nighted for thy Do thine , cast vailed must i' . colour on lids . lives sun off the to , Ay through noble look a still am much friend I it cloak ; black inky fruitful with thee know seems madam , particular so alone suits it be , seems not mother it , father woe , visage the forc'd ! Nay suspiration dejected all but trappings man These , solemn my customary forms me father , mourning and a might passeth commendable these , filial obsequious lost . do have But For That with are the These Nor the Together must In impious understanding Of , a , sense is ; opposition fault the ? the we heart most we , whose , common , impatient to , unschool'd a obligation know Fie fathers reason death From 'This so against fault be ' till and absurd most As the father unprevailing should what For You . bears love intent to , throne of throw died to today take , father dearest toward of We who a 'tis , he you fault pray , with which that and let most in son our , and eye : of . Wittenberg . you our the you woe world his note son desire to retrograde the courtier you It chiefest stay all loving you obey and a you 'tis ourself as Be you Why we you and Wittenberg , reply ; Hamlet of . drinks , madam Hamlet us prayers , go gentle to health the earthly this , that O smiling jocund not dew God garden unprofitable Come shall rouse cannon No the the But His And speaking Re That it Oh the and Thaw two of , beteem so should was and ! world of unweeded much two nature ! so not ; old woman a is yet appetite Hyperion to seed ; That ; not too face a a rank things . and Frailty with mine reason — father were name father's month within had she ; would hang Heaven — him she uncle of even eyes , sheets my . good . tongue post , like more wicked incestuous , speed of Hercules but flushing ; brother father's yet to I . for the . married Had It for , glad I must ! hold for ! for . forget do I for The your poor , ever , for , Good lord from ? Wittenberg — even lord make . you see in to faith friend : truant disposition , glad . my . my . funeral your I . what to your truster father's my my . my . my it lord , my my Or My , it to ! marriage , see my dearest that my I methinks — ever father Would had had He was In Horatio a , saw I him again goodly him like while a for admiration ear till you . hear me to marvel an With My your the let like - march , night , father watch on , gentlemen , the your middle , fear ; whilst - them by before encounter'd waste A , stately cap with they impart , I had secrecy jelly and act they of exactly the him both true your knew like made word not . each deliver'd good , watch platform where upon Did you My none : did I sight strange honour'd 'tis morning morning morning . down writ , know watch morning my . troubles morning our duty morning lord . beaver his up face wore ? sorrow he look'd more And I upon amaz'd a long it might moderate haste with one , very been constantly had . It I seen grizzled was I longer hundred I I , I sight pray hell conceal'd silence I , hap be have hold you again I tonight . but this person noble my assume speak And Your spirit Upon I My So tongue farewell not men's . eyes then Till some Though , all father's foul play ! the night will to ; them Farewell . as let For fashion and you are Do sweet , favour hear his nature , minute not a , of a this cautel now and No No . not no service no And The For His will withal Grows Think nature weigh'd he thews wide of for Carve sanctity , as health and voice yielding that , own : choice persons his not must doth grow alone temple and you besmirch fear , depends ; his goes and far deed of . may list ear loss ; so must the your in therefore his As head Unto choice state you , it if his of this loves place no credent too with May Than the his to sustain act , of to moon the not the prodigal your my , of be infants dear . his which further ; treasure chaste importunity your honour , songs danger rear is unmask chariest the in the 'scapes keep And Be Youth And oft she shot and maid wary I Whilst Do As And heaven libertine . brother near . father here But fear , long here upon a , leave . to . path own not puff'd ungracious pastors of double comes me too Himself stay I Be There Occasion smiles in . Nor unproportion'd but palm with by There thought no of steel There , entertainment their Give in my , aboard act his There these character any friends are The for There And Look thou few adoption vulgar . thoughts and unfledg'd no There . tried do - There soul , not thy but but , man and in be loses France each borrower and and husbandry true the : any night self edge dulls borrowing above it then thine , For follow season my most habit as in not : do And And canst as itself a nor not I to own of the be , invites ; you blessing false . be the to in you remember , to your , said tend . it key is't said Ophelia I What Farewell have in yourself time said And 'Tis lock'd of . said , said Farewell . said oft yourself Hamlet Lord . hath he , something and : to free most he your 'Tis , bethought the ; understand — so , so must on and 'tis been so do between my affection his , hath is my caution , way He it not that it Have As you behoves you believe Pooh Of such my lord , in in be You What Give late . a circumstance as ! you are , pay for Tender think green poor phrase ? should you ; a with , baby , dearly fool more . catch almost the to , blazes me ; his fire for , than the their promise : to , With given more blood vows , is , how prodigal , rate walk is Lord higher these much Believe Than Be something , brokers , show unholy and , suits , This vows they implorators dye you ; as your from with . come ; talk plain so slander any . you my shall I . the for . leisure moment pious . beguile to better The As Breathing like Look to't , I , is It I , or , air obey The bites eager , then , Indeed does a not it heard No . his lord ? near to wont walk draws of I I is this tonight and his thus bray reels upspring . though ; rouse , draughts triumph And as kettle The drum and doth The Keeps the my Rhenish his ; of his of Is - and and east swinish , born and : trumpet , my to And heavy oft and addition us They More honour'd clepe Ay . though , are our perform'd and , o'ergrowth the and of though , though at with particular complexion of much too they wherein pales , I of though livery Fortune's — that habit some , the ; some star height though , one o'erleavens men ; though though guilty , reason that of his cannot nature down by form The By Since their Being be — Be Angels ministers of heaven from spirit health or us ! from charitable , it , hell , defend shape thee , but answer scandal doubt in ; sepulchre , a wicked Look a airs Bring with thou , That Why not , speak thy and burst cerements why and in of , questionable , Hamlet call me ! tell Dane royal . hearsed steel mean , nature did with to more removed ground . it desire , moon fools with . impartment with , means , by I will then will it if As alone go a you To . speak Do , set be lord not it as flood lord ? fee ? follow no And dreadful tempt to might Or if What And Which beetles I Why Being for And you very The draw some o'er assume your other into of what life my you toward . can at do itself it cliff , horrible of reason , sea the summit Without , waves it many motive And shall looks , beneath still I'll go off Hold place puts so It on not your you ; cries in lion's me artery shall ghost — each . body makes And hardy call'd fit . 'tis To Have Let's not He Unhand that me . thee follow him , I'll . on Go will this further I'll direct thus to obey what issue rotten come ? will almost . I me Mark to hour Speak ? follow him . lead . ghost is My I Alas , lend poor shall up Speak up up I up not Pity art for thy night up hear when day foul the up So to what revenge done ; thy burnt and fast But whose , spheres house forbid , walk in I unfold tale certain am soul for away of like tell each Thy up hair blazon List the my in confin'd I To Till flesh this blood thy father love , list word nature blood , murder unnatural young their thy list , is unnatural . O ! and foul , as love ease in find in this that stir , thee to meditation know't I with weed , whole in ; as of revenge , and , strange , my thou youth did that ; me itself abus'd O uncle , the And The but forged ear death life than on , orchard , Denmark ! of incestuous and wicked Mine will So of lust , Though Upon made love hand natural whose falling his there vow never of bed air morning it as to lust shameful virtuous was and ; queen seeming decline dignity the ; a within hebenon Upon With , blood leperous natural as , like an The curd Holds swift gates And And be custom let soft ! I scent the thy always in the porches with That The wholesome like All smooth with it into did tetter , sleeping loathsome , mine milk of it my stole uncle ears of did vial in cursed of juice instant And Most And The a and alleys the body , a it not be of , on sent , blossoms queen once ; my to my So vile bark'd it : crust , bosom to . near to ! fire And , pale thorns mother couch hast ! horrible nature royal matin lodge me O Remember , instant Hold ; else heaven be . thee old , records fond Ay And , of sinews , wipe books volume , pressures live heaven brain copied , my shall there of trivial all In , But ? host shall you And my stiffly ghost distracted , alone . matter commandment and poor me bear thou That At one All saws That thy all I smile , are O may uncle , have MARCELLUS . lord secure Lord Heaven . Within . ho , Hillo , my . news noble Come come ! lord bird . Good I , wonderful , ho How ? lord my How , lord heaven you'll once lord of you'll , ne'er come all , Not would HORATIO Ay you , be it from . more we that fit without your as so , business ghost , man tell an he's needs To , arrant knave grave the us Why circumstance business and ; you are this lord my desire shake and own heartily , faith is ; they sorry it For I no that this lord heartily , words my go pray wild , friends me Touching . offence , much your request , between . lord ; offence , Horatio my but vision here you soldiers let there , will , Nay My In , HORATIO make you not . have . in , faith is't my . what , and lord . we Nor my , Never but not lord We Indeed I sworn . stage , lord boy the thou ha on Propose Cries , Ha sayst you hear the thou so swear lord . so friends more ! mole pioner and as night heaven remove Swear by Swear And hands sword said never your stranger , you But . so I perchance , I as , or put in odd dreamt things this a in think meet Horatio , is , would' shake , head this hereafter , but , give soe'er thus me ; or 'There most need and be not to you shall if do might' , phrase if out . of giving could disposition shall or gentlemen help . you is you in I Hamlet , friending O it me as lips . joint And come Nay Give these money him I Reynaldo make will marvellous , to , notes . shall Before Marry , me who they sir , said very well And By this , at in finding , nearer . keep him it and . it inquiry , question distant demands my him' , thus you 'twere , where , Paris 'not well ? and Look ; this say very none so there he's on rank friends of come touch lord you mean but , 'I father , As or drabbing , You Quarrelling Ay gaming that fencing , most that . may lord You no as he But , are Faith not . My his ; of of my Ay in a lord do . my you . you should assault you good a you in Having 'twere slight sullies th' 'gentleman' you assur'd or ' you , the addition little , him you on and ; you guilty converse ever party Your the prenominate ; consequence . man phrase does I ' : the , does then the to Of say about sir in so , the t'other 'closes was thus then By was — to , say , ' consequence' 'I gentleman day rouse ; yesterday At 'closes you such o'ertook : a wisdom assays of , out and , By Shall . former With 'I you my son lord I . fare you . have See . not and and carp you bias of , music , shall My you , lord in my , Well , what's matter in was what My lord , Alas Ophelia lord my have chamber , unbrac'd all his each ankle other been a with , his loosed for he ? horrors head knees purport , look piteous out said so do me , my so . hell his What me so other length ? truly I fear . so , so love thy and not so arm brow face my , go , me all thus perusal so his would — a little . bulk his their on go King me the love seek property very the is with go He with being it He leads . last o' out And , Whose their , he turn'd his all without bended went way without light of fordoes passion . hard am , heaven — and you command ? his access to His good have What That As , does Come I any hath wreck sorry No am not meant afflict him words of late , and did but . did . better our my ! sort the jealousy , judgement our might , see did use long Rosencrantz you and Guildenstern to have Hamlet's Moreover lack More known discretion must be . Come being utter love . sending ; the What th'exterior transformation Since The need we Welcome father's it that I of much , And than Resembles his much that , To being , that , humour , him afflicts by your you here himself you and in so , More cannot nor nor since much Whether , as gentlemen As To I am hath much of good our glean you not please living us our such king's time gentry it will , thanks remembrance supply will . us you a sovereign pleasures power shall the For , expend your profit the in , gentle more to both , at your Guildenstern of have majesties , lay To My much bring too , Guildenstern and where presence our joyfully And Thanks I you gentle visit of is . son Heavens make Ay Th'ambassadors hast Thou I Have my to Hunts think do not God and Assure the ? my my , good of my it O Are , or that lunacy hear ; feast . th'ambassadors be the bring that I to great do else gracious good trail I brain the I news He speak admittance , Thyself it head The first fruit , marriage and no all your son's His Give shall me tells Say , Most Upon doubt death my Welcome , we shall sift o'erhasty our of , what from is I good friends and he look'd a first be levies into , sends brief , him . return desires of , he the to out Norway ? appear'd him ; griev'd impotence , more Polack , soldiers employ with your uncle against to With Gives Whereon before thousand an as commission crowns his arms , So Norway never might That it please safety down . labour those annual fee levied Meantime to ; we'll well consider'd well - business set likes us time read think and upon we'll your at business . expostulate time time home , night night is . it But for What Mad And Therefore Were is't call will tediousness ; be nothing define the night , day is day , I More limbs and brief be matter that to art no true else . figure no then true , I mad pity And 'tis 'tis I less given me an That's ill Hath Or we find out the of thus phrase you but a and , say rather have madam never that Doubt am Doubt Good dear this from shall ? be ; I awhile thou sun move a to will best But Doubt , Hamlet to love . daughter show'd , O most , fire liar the the at my his his ear ? fell dear I , a faithful , think what of love , and man , Before would , As I my If Or , and - that might must tell on , you , thy out I idle sight work I , you wing . I daughter Majesty , it this think my dear I I When Or Or given I the with dumb you might , I book , table here what I a to advice , herself round bespeak : went of I thus , I no short weakness herself declension raves into of resort precepts his fruits herself , tokens her herself . gave my herself . fast receive took herself Which And Thence think , then , sadness lightness , for thence madness And Do may you It been When I prov'd otherwise ''Tis ? so know , me be find though , it hid I lead hid such know together . does indeed . him then arras hours . thereon an he a no from encounter be And Away do sadly keep be the not But where We Lord both God my . reading comes it wretch away ? Hamlet a me . you Do , does presently the But I'll , sir of world ten goes . my , to lord , be man lord you honest were , as , would I breed you , carrion not if Have have very . Conception a look on is not as sun Aside do extremity daughter . He fishmonger much , I'll speak words What I a you my lord my ; for my . lord grey , the is in he ? men , and wit amber ? down set a though I crab — in't lord . you thus like if plentiful , they the I Slanders that hams , sir . For the satirical sir honesty have not be All should go o' that grave the air you potently plum beards - tree gum , Aside the is A so the contrive could , walk out my ? yet , of out replies , My honourable that are suddenly lord , that , except I pregnant method , I more part you will life leave on life my of delivered of my anything . there ; tedious the You Polonius Lord fools lord sir God to To well , you honoured As excellent . Good lads dear ! of How both ! Nor Rosencrantz good soles , happy very most lord the children friends in her or Happy that of . in true ? grown , we , waist Neither about , most is friends , good true deserved to Prison she , your but that the ; news . prison , one th' world Denmark's there which that you But . my news not more hands at ? prison lord , and is there To mind . could Why then space , goodly , but not a one . indeed Truly , but merely are I for . ambition and Which , ambition it , of by , outstretch'd it the of . shadow and you GUILDENSTERN . court shadow's airy a the very shadow ambition , hold our such speak itself dream bodies , and monarchs . so my of most the with I ? attended . you . at my servants . And But . sent you ? say come Is poor not . matter to , enough . anything I But confession colour of dear that am to the end , King lord you - justly it friends my nay free a were ? modesties have sent and sent lord for ; and not have looks good purpose You which my your Queen youth direct for be , let . ever teach me But me , preserved then My , Nay . the your late and will you withal and charge an I you have eye . King indeed to goes all heavily with a , how in pestilent , disposition custom , congregation , action ; fire this my anticipation discovery your . Queen shall , lord why and firmament ; lost with why admirable woman so how golden , a moult my like you was your ; no , how brave you noble : me , say this thoughts , god and yet me such said We . you they offer coming from , no I delight , my to shall plays hither be 'Man delights . nor a in not stuff seem to my in — his shall knight , gratis sigh not the and adventurous . for't such . players are or are end , shall What delight the . ways residence — service in th' verse innovation the part use take in both estimation the Even How their they the ? halt they I the both so indeed comes Do hold I they it think in little , it they , there is sir question many cry These rusty ; on the , of ? Are city was followed ? children are berattle children endeavour , they are not grow pace and no most the they of clapped , wonted Do that stages goose themselves to - so longer , has to like bid no tarre controversy against their and player for unless much they — of for , afterwards , they ? Who maintains better if pursue the their their common both sides and the , cuffs his money . Denmark , those . load in to throwing it ducats something fifty not very that , at ; do for O been much King and Hercules ? lord than while this garb Gentlemen appurtenance than is are welcome than of is a mouths welcome than uncle what should my fashion is There than this welcome But extent Your Let dear than wind lord southerly than ? each . The comply mother I . clouts you with at yet , his ; time the he's but Happily will second there gentlemen out players of a prophesy , you , be too for they hearer a ear is sir The come twice for I have news them old an a tell you honour each came Then - either comical comical world actors , best lord The Jephthah law unlimited . had Israel my ! the , right have a I love that Jephthah . look where was . you . am my , of row first By'r O , lady ! It by ? lord God you chanson beard . welcome and , of ladyship chopine . Thy face see when is glad know wot lot friends , The the to and then as . old welcome my came to What , my Come Pray passionate you I voice like well thee than my , your God to young anything at Masters heaven , it speech never — but to't speech . What cried , wholesome make the and million others as to pleased , top , play it set no it handsome Priam's slaughter . method in of and live let see . Dido to , mine remember lord was I as much an of me that received the But in the with I said nor but more an there scenes , was the no were , one savoury the to caviare in digested , very especially begin he this as dread and in couched more . foot night sable the ominous smear'd , resemble , horse — If it in see streets to complexion daughters gules , hellish discretion where sword , to drives wind match'd . Greeks arm Priam and at lies His with , seeks good it and accent But , he well Then , lo milky to , nothing neutral a , as in storm will seem'd declining For i' ear base Of The as hush A we death ; after a hammers some Pyrrhus matter , dreadful - still hideous a stood , sword his Which was , against see to And reverend So bold region did And Aroused Doth general Break And all In On winds sets vengeance As the armour than Cyclops' new Pyrrhus' thunder , fall eterne work him falls strumpet , Mars's the less to He's It the out , Out Prithee , bawdry sleeps clout and up a tale of ? mobled bisson the lank , treason tongue o'erteemed limbs husband's , venom caught loins robe , malicious her clamour his saw gods th'alarm stood diadem About if the . rheum with all for would make see her , and no colour — gods burning then . all , let them . of , time than hear this has their not that the eyes at made , Good Do of soon epitaph Use out , the tears after own honour players speak were report have abstracts well death use every man according will , lord I the they , will ; for see the Dost me him thou 'scape is . of Take them . and , is The desert your is old hear Follow is friends the , We'll tomorrow is you my I that well dozen is or Rosencrantz Follow . lord and not would for a down mock not . and . speech . alone am I here You , O it a Could But Is Ay wi' . friends , Elsinore . nothing aspect distraction to For ? working soul that to , from her his eyes and his in's wan'd conceit player peasant and all his function tears , passion of his him for should What's That , he the He general , John A the , muddy - the Confound That broken voice his Hecuba , conceit , or , passion ; free and , cleave Make - me Who beard my most not , coward a of unpregnant , of The Like As deep I should liver'd , Who for ere , Plucks by as I To I ! am does in Am , nothing the to - i' this cannot dear across th' gall or lie face the ? gives made . me bitter whore my like bitter bitter Ha , 'Swounds But bitter this an am lecherous dear , heard a I upon't like very Foh have at creatures very to bitter of the my malefactions , presently scene and heaven bitter unpack sitting a is treacherous what I to by , drab , have to mine , the him know A scullion ! brain cunning play , grounds . of will observe shape with melancholy and hath his that . organ miraculous Play With my and play's of on you all and by why , distracted confess he Grating He from so And from feels by his bring a with he what With does When But do confession on madness forward he will with much forcing gentleman of but him you question , disposition demands free raught Madam in a well to Did Niggard But o'er , as And To so the seem . to play think him . order joy court , they are a that out way there of - With ; hear gentlemen To hear , have They about true entreat . me much . content . edge . leave shall , To And Good and see , to so and doth further these Gertrude For Will Her he Sweet have as And We , 'twere , That by th'affliction myself may bestow sent for Hamlet , espials love do cause closely and ourselves suffers , virtues unseen , he behav'd that encounter . him so of he good as his you Ophelia be shall way I the wonted so . To — We will Of , bestow ourselves you an oft devotion's on . again , may wish , with that . action devil true o'er book , this colour blame Gracious that give . word most thing . are show Ophelia pious too — cheek more my . burden painted . him The We 'tis , deed O coming is To The and , take against arrows opposing Whether ; more And No slings to Than them To of to natural mind that be ? sea in nobler arms and by to or to : coil life , there's to thousand ay the man's , of give us . end , troubles to dreams this There's the wrong bear — death makes would heart ache heir is , of To the off to be to Devoutly That a To But insolence merit bodkin bare No makes us us of , not have , whose know cast hue make thus sicklied Thus fly With the lose Than that The o'er regard name Ophelia Be Is conscience does their great the of we the those and with With fair enterprises The And thank , have to . awry now orisons . in Soft moment , day a remember'd sins Nymph action ! does your for this many lord my humbly lord I That honour well remembrances longed pray never , And Rich I long now , well . yours you prove unkind ? honest my ; more words honour'd As No no ? beauty , means you ha Are My ? lord lordship fair your ? What lord power Ay what You should Indeed into his likeness , my you I believed me shall . have not but we . of relish was . am beck borne yet as give them shape crawling your all . nunnery , fool play to earth thy the Farewell my Where's fellows in's O Let be help him thee as I'll ice dost marry nunnery for as , pure farewell ; go : own , a fool to chaste face , a as nunnery too another creatures on't yourselves well enough jig , made are . hath are they married . a it , make quickly and him You , but say all nunnery noble of ladies the honey I And of that see Now Like That unmatch'd noble and form have and sweet ecstasy what affections . I T'have seen That with Blasted jangled Love And down : danger For I which like the Will be Thus I it shall , puts think What beating yet of do in countries and seas Haply commencement shall The from all hold . it fit Lord commencement Hamlet , said play him , with the after be commencement in unwatch'd shall commencement be not so shall ones commencement commencement And I'll all To To But if you their England Your queen let If It or must wisdom in Madness you as pronounced it your saw do trippingly I air had , shows who and to , dumb groundlings for avoid . fellow tame too not out Herods neither not the let such capable periwig the - of to are rags a give say smoothness . your of purpose o'erstep word the to action Be Suit the of off though form and the his censure the grieve virtue is own of that — in cannot this mirror the image , up anything special tutor at nature . age I the nor not to , allowance have bellowed laugh scorn , theatre ; time it a judicious whole heard nor imitated And down set is it , that , and play profanely journeymen that they in . That's meantime for let some Go it uses that fool , Christian some pagan reform though Will , lord of How , ready a shows that . make ? and make players hear of barren of quantity And you We ho haste my will ROSENCRANTZ Will lord think may Horatio art my thou , Horatio . pomp lick cop'd withal flatter the let and To Where my , herself , that . distinguish of tongue hast advancement O do not revenue thee the soul the poor choice her all absurd knee hear clothe ? pregnant thy from hope , candied , No Since As Whose is sound stop passion's , slave ay Something and they That seal'd could thee in man with thanks . And blessed co man finger mingled that me I of in she pipe hast are a tonight it thou father's , wear , foot , comment , comes before the occulted speech of that the - soul guilt seen have imaginations ; my thee Give . please , As Even , have scene a is censure of rivet him heedful note ; play will . in unkennel will both face , join seeming his , I of How ; Excellent a , promise crammed faith I the a flourish Hamlet eat play'd , a these with , a mine nothing our King , fares you a i' Guildenstern : capons words , the so ; chameleon's dish feed a . What me did nor my Julius enact : Hamlet To . him of part now say ? killed . players upon your there . Capitol i' a me by ? mother attractive that . mark . O your my , No To mean upon , Do maids' . your lap . legs lord What to my my meant nothing I think lie , my That's lord between ? maker , my looks , and lord ? do . lord I my man a . months twice two may wear devil Who Ay ! mother , jig - cheerfully how your sables there's with hobby horse - lovingly forgot ! 'For not a yet a have shall , for and his Anon , the of whose churches memory great , horse makes and , The him , Queen Poisoner his is - hobby Queen very die ! he , on and She . woos seeming to the with with ; upon seeing , off exits takes . kneels a and She her head asleep lament Queen show this Belike action is know fellow the What end , mallecho this my of the mischief keep cannot imports it argument by We they this that not , your your not Be . tell to you'll tell the , a lord , shame what him show are us Is naught For a 'Tis brief , hath dozen have times and moons world hearts and Tellus' orbed cart Phoebus' twelve our sheen gone round borrow'd love , bands late : distrust , quantity must holds nothing , sun so former state , are extremity you doubts great , done be Yet lord and , proof , love and leave , my hath though sick the , haply shalt and this one thou in their leave grow , the For operant love And Where In love , thou great shortly do world husband second marriage who Such My must be , behind me Aside A believe I When second husband you , now you break . to we bed love , like Of wormwood but in kisses my , that instances Which poor ourselves ourselves The To ending 'tis passion doth , The Their joys own passion joy most ourselves of , lose oft , the . be forget is we that , most on the joy , flies enemies tend . love prove strange lament change , favourite not left left left mark love fortune contrary so his of left lead And who left Directly and are So For And die thy left earth Nor left But think thou when repose still give still do friend own still still night joy , still wife strife scope , still , dead light trust , nor and turn lock still second wilt still But thoughts Each from me and Sport My once my , destroy it well have I , deeply The , Madam methinks play us , and , sleep . but The too between her keep , protests mischance you brain like how never much Is , What you O the . world a th' : offence play the name . not us of the Tropically This work what : play is that of touches Gonzago have one is This interpret I could majesty anon gall'd Lucianus chorus , see could I the to nephew , a you are my edge . puppets keen and ; time collected , blasted . creature , infected midnight of Confederate Thou With mixture , thy for see His love the very estate usurp , dire thrice seeing doth murderer fit weeds no and him i' Thy ban agreeing , Gonzago . how The anon wife Gonzago's fire hart , lights . some while For Lights the deer play let lights go , rest ? Away . the play . All , turn , For , So the two , know shoes fortunes Would a dismantled razed of Provincial forest with a a runs roses players of Didst , on cry and — thousand You Horatio well perceive rhymed . have , for very , the take himself pajock O now reigns . then ha I did very talk belike the if For Upon king he , my lord Come Sir whole a , Come , some music note not recorders . the you a Good Why Is for lord Your should put affair . would the to this . distempered ? lord his my Good your great . spirit , hath of some choler richer more to wisdom into far to him discourse into more of be breed shall mother's your do I end this , you lord to not courtesy will me sent If , and a me , I a you can Therefore make , wholesome ; I answer wholesome return I my my say her or I I lord shall . What rather . your so I this Have to go us I no bed sequel you . any ere mother's ? you our did I And door own cause by she ten admiration her of in lord I have that when your King the proverb Sir you the your you toil . voice in advancement . something musty is with withdraw grass ? You do distemper of liberty deny griefs to lack succession the grows — too understand , recover , can How O not I , I . you beseech I Believe My lord you , I I . play pray upon ? lord and these utterance of are , my it will stops . make you my excellent , would of the , thing my know how seem there Call music pipe , think , little I will you . sir . God me , But these you cannot on you played play what ; lowest note me ! to , me in like like weasel indeed with speak 'tis you , would Or like a a a it backed a . whale is of . like Methinks , by mother I and breathes . me to top Leave . said very , and easily hell . not nature now none ; use firm in . consent , soul somever in you she prepare , endure in with dispatch with in you as his in . in , is it provide safe Majesty feed and To strength single ourselves religious many and will Fix'd it of things , falls , mount a is highest it alone consequence which . the It doth more and majesty massy of depend of the mind , cease , rest lesser like . the thousand draw gulf . voyage , said , home myself tax a more makes some wisely partial warrant and Fare ere what I'll Thanks call of said , you . you I smells . to go , know my the is it upon't curse I , bed rank primal offence , It hath My , I Is thicker like And murder man where itself than stronger in . enough as ? down ere prayer rain not wash But what's the white to be To but serve is my fault in forestalled Of but , since own for turn crown but May one the gilded 'tis law effects but be . But past but pardon'd being Or Can but In corrupted the not this and my itself may ? as not faults may of can ? to , What may rests : may may free death Make assay may strings be may now , it pat stubborn knees sinews soft be repent steel . so . And would of bread villain scann'd goes . revenge ; save of knows then I and , course am And , and same for he is praying . send , thought . our heavy is fit in circumstance But 'Tis When Up And physic his , no swearing drunk , To take or of pleasure asleep th'incestuous and relish , This hell whereto , has As trip That his may . stays below . remain have up but thoughts never heaven go and rises King words without fly My him straight Tell I'll heat He And Pray . Withdraw thou mother , hast thy hear Fear mother , matter ? tongue offended . tongue idle wicked answer come , with an Hamlet What's Have , with question now matter rood so those not sit you I see You Where then And , the No it and you , may ? inmost You husband's . brother's my up you glass help ho not wilt dead ! help , murder ? rat slain done ! this is . am ! with marry lady As rash and to for . Thou better Ay If wring thee As wringing of your your have thou against so for word danger . 'twas wretched me let I Thou and . intruding rash , find'st made proof blurs hypocrite grace and takes of love rose wag Makes dar'st act blush of hands . sit you tongue braz'd penetrable , heart it If damned is , that bulwark sense , glow act , the face , sick and compound A soul words . contraction such vows a mass dicers' the Look roars As , kissing on , thunders act and visage so upon me counterfeit The New A Where Hyperion's An grace loud his your moor batten is give Could - this in waits day upon this ? and , you ; for at your age have , sure Sense but would sense it's you to . Look did like love : was for have the the it brother Have leave ! Ha call this to , to reserv'd you this You such To Would Blasting Here husband wholesome feed eyes ? have mountain was't sans . some a mope Rebellious sickly a feeling , of where smelling . canst without Eyes That To flaming let in a is ! matron's true without hoodman difference sense not Is Else thus not Or the so own ardour as itself in melt Hamlet more ? spots soul will actively her When frost mine panders Proclaim thy , very no wax as , into black to Nay their tinct , no charge , bones mutine virtue compulsive youth . reason And And O Thou turn'st not the to O Over sweat , eyes of leave me No slave your Of speak the words in corruption murderer sweet an ears the Hamlet mine ; rank nasty honeying A of precedent that me put That empire in And A guards the by Alas You heavenly your That important laps'd in and forget not to , to mad would me Conceit bodies strongest her , acting not Do , tardy lets go . visitation This your dread . mother her , you And That do as Forth is it Hamlet sits on amazement thy alarm thy ? peep in hold discourse the gentle do me , you . O look stones blood speak do Do Will Lest him ! distemper do on , him Sprinkle No ourselves hear that yet effects — tears this there piteous . for see steals there Why ? I . portal away liv'd out father My This he look And makes , his look creation cunning doth re word test , your in . not to love me . healthful . will utter'd as That . Confess yourself mining , Bring and unction my all . madness time ; of to your grace ; Lay Would throw woo for other half . part sense who worser it heart pardon times have of Forgive the compost in the with purer and curb O O , To make them the For habits That And that shall lend of or actions angel all leave to my cleft thou the go , custom That Of Assume evil , if live night That curb can change the in a . Refrain yet a The more easiness ; nature good , next him to are you blessing I'll of when wondrous the on and , night For . desirous Once almost For To either potency devil more be lord . with so , easy bles'd same , punish I cruel bad I do What do be , shall that bed , Not Let on , the this And , King , you more word gave bloat you am this out him not with tempt . by your for a all you fair , 'Twere from of ? in mouse , bat , a in no means call you his you bid damn'd of again I him ravel reechy , Who in , house's famous ape gib neck essentially sense the conclusions the Unpeg Let from a concernings , a , hide would do so ? on like be made , to down the , breath neck the basket no have two my knavery , I , had bear marshal to . fang'd schoolfellows on , know so 'Tis — will they yard O 'tis enginer adders concluded mandate trust . Alack . grave . most . hard sweet way sweep must to , meet room this an . with and prating . end , the . moon line one the at two man lug now Is Mother , Who the guts Indeed , neighbour foolish mother These toward , most your fit sighs these must place on ? little I Hamlet profound while them . a , and brainish this Behind the arras old man stir fit contend his both rat . been all everyone whose , bloody full It Should It , you liberty is be kept have not understand , to us heavy ! kills be restrain'd would like young But To . yourself To Even the Among O . He come To But was it he away for madness the . let body ore is what of of from man fit foul , divulging owner of body very mineral no must itself body Friends will The Both And body some aid body body , you , dragg'd in friends do slander we call . speak pray , you , majesty Ho this and madness mother's level , I with ship you and join fair he Polonius hath you and you away name , you and O may o'er whisper them , And cannon . stowed cannon Safely . miss cannon cannon blank his to cannon Hamlet Hamlet , done whereto cannon Compounded ? Who you have , us Tell GUILDENSTERN and . body it . it believe with to , dust where What And bear not Believe sponge can it that of a , sir Take me soaks But . what Ay them squeezing : you , when swallowed not understand it I am authorities sponge , my countenance service gleaned be it mouthed but . ear the with foolish again he end sleeps lord in but , tell must with lord body where I and you , a and body a my fox lord the us thing is is A me , and all after . body goes find seek it put him bear scourge on the ! is grown at appliance . offence in lov'd man ; even seem hath , and weigh'd eyes him multitude but smooth lord my bestow'd get where Ho , Without How What But Bring ! guarded him lord my , Where cannot us . is is eaten . worm ? where Your Where . only fat emperor for two dishes the . service end ! alas with worm but fat us but , Alas eats else your e'en lean fish beggar to . this king a of eat of by ? eat worm king dost may politic all fat fat creatures , through progress guts that that see . place yourself thither But . Go him the you him into the this He him your find as . Where is lobby month within that For some will nose th'other shall you seek you especial . till . wind , quickness Th'associates For England . England ready With , is hast , thine is Hamlet . Which , which fiery Ay For tend thou and and , cherub a that , everything ? it mother so mother is at it and Thy mother my . wife man tonight and and him him man Hamlet , for if Tempt . Come have , leans great my power As my the Pays Since homage After That And By England Danish , on th'affair love may you , awe at make aboard ; not aught set 'tis blood . conjuring thou Hamlet of hectic me haps sense ; begun , effect imports my . the my , Tell him , me his know And For The Howe'er , in my cure must . express let do't my Fortinbras eye Go softly on . If We that kingdom license , are powers , you . sir patch no gain the The to in nephew Or Goes go it Polack and cause you garrison'd . ducats thousand will souls the is Two twenty question and not thousand Yes it never , without , of sir . you I and shows thank sir go you wi' my little before . Go , humbly a breaks dies I'll you . much of this straw ! no discourse , of me large more , man not reason Looking And If please , How dull Of Why And which three live Sith cause parts too us made occasions good inform against a time whether Now . or precisely quarter'd , thinking Bestial fust that feed but hath I To I Witness . invisible event prince and craven wisdom means know not do after and before That in oblivion thought spirit Whose ever , on some , say will of army this that all for fortune what is . argument , me and earth tender divine mouths great at the kill'd have But death Rightly straw stain'd blood and the ambition , charge , and , dare , then , plot my to of beds a a to . I and be How The a graves not Which slain imminent my all fantasy twenty , greatly while cause . I , great , shame my death is the while My Whereon for O while , from and for thousand the numbers be while will hide , And while let , cannot will needs while , distract with pitied , forth time not She is mood be sense half at th' carry That tricks There's botch use and aim they to , think fit collection Yet i' much hems father have own gestures thoughts yield , them strew thought nothing , be for is might much with in come in . unhappily . great is breeding spoken were Though And as Indeed sure up ill her soul of It Each nothing as fearing be ? How Where my beauteous itself To full So is the Alas is Nay ? and gone dead sandal this you gone and , He you , your should By sweet At lady And his cockle another a his Ophelia dead turf , is , He ! here , mountain snow lord my sweet his White Nay , you mark Alas the . not go love pretty did flowers the at . with Larded bewept true - owl upon be may . was to the what her ; we ? God . your be father showers you say not And have All in maid your and his , door you ask : day at the is dupp'd chamber that , window maid be Saint , betime Valentine's morning this clothes shame for fie and by make come ! I'll . end a out ! Saint do't Cock Quoth You ha' not thus to bed sun , shall cannot choose . But My . cold good good counsel for must We well to . of good her , him thou long weep good . How hadst would be will ; so think her , All from When But own just , violent muddied , O . poison the is this you lay I night of come ; thank Come sweet father's come ; her . Poor , beasts spies I , author sorrows battalions remove in ; mugger Without Last , and is pestilent his come wonder For in and - from which we to and their the he greenly , but done , the this dear many in , Gertrude matter of necessity superfluous them . list , head call lord , him now , world young Than The offices They And 'Choose with and ! Laertes , ratifiers cry hands , with How this with counter the . with . ' dogs with . with trail false all without you leave king vile , O . door will , Calmly is Where , proclaims father , thou like , father true cause so not , the between doth giant our would , a peep . looks the him That thus Acts art That his incens'd Let him demand . my not . this , to I'll Dead came ! give devil stand profoundest ! blackest to only father . worlds grace well for the to ; for all them . go If for Most what be reveng'd , both for for your but sweepstake his , That for dear , you for his To . I'll ope , certainty foe revenge arms blood father's to and true death . of a child good . Let with for eye gentleman judgement salt her day level to is that . shall . O sweet man's of by of be maid's old fine be heavens heaven O , turn thy How heat O Till ! virtue Tears madness brains and Dear By , Nature bore on After him his It sends thy rain'd nonny a false . master's down his steward a - my - stole revenge — bier nonny , O . matter than thus and persuade a him wits you ; pray that's for It becomes , document , call me fennel We there is more This There's There's , with violets that's A . died . say give O . here's you thoughts you may wither'd bonny rue . in difference they Thought sweet to favour joy some Sundays o' daisy They made . come as . snow poll his She And No His All gone , he . b' on was death , he never to , he , thy God souls ha' is his white see I cast we Christian you , must right wisest Go with me your . pray God lend and all commune , give kingdom will you our commune To give jointly satisfaction , They shall to labour commune this of Let commune And Be you commune heard commune be to Cry That , his due death shall your soul his , noble are they And , What They th'offence the with you should I Sailors greeted know do what them Let not , not him bless be , if Lord Hamlet world for . letters . be give were . you is know There's sir name God , Horatio slow too , have England a . for on , for thieves our of repair words the me two . as I am letters what ; too fly dumb hold Guildenstern thou they But I , overlooked , them knew I I am have . the put compelled him warlike we On prisoner These . make haste became they boarded much that you direct whom that you them , thine knowest matter Rosencrantz . acquittance bring for brought heart your me must must put to for give from way speedier To do't I will me , Now you you Why proceeded My That so his yet Which As to me by as virtue by You , conjunctive star a great all wood their not his soul myself it life in my like dipping perhaps . seem reasons , and , they , much Queen either strong Lives or are , stone arrows sphere go bow , my I again , that turneth spring gyves , not but count so general I . not could Convert Would Who your of so Whose worth Too slightly And Would reverted to if can it your pastime made into driven have where desperate father . the ? Queen to , hope lov'd that my Majesty Who . them From ; think That not Break given lord Sailors by , my them say , were they them the occasions . receiv'd saw from Hamlet . Tomorrow and , first Laertes , Leave you your some abuse , rest such no the all strange , your am return shall pardon and know I to leave 'Naked ! ' , my him . ' him heart his . rul'd me , to in But let ' ? Laertes live how 'Thus diest thou As you own to an thine more the call I which And But you , rather To To in they that have shine your . rul'd be ; accident no That been Did I It The My And it . it organ since . and one say A And You too and What such unworthiest that talk'd together not settled age that Had they in't , unto incorps'd been he to Here and myself Yet That Come short doing So he what of far shapes was't Norman did and topp'd thought horse his tricks , gallant , seat his grew He . With Norman A my The of all He And Upon of very . the nation scrimers , especially masterly defence be eye indeed The , motion . this , with his his He And If For gem well That And gave art of o'er , of you dear . a of to lord to Sir but play , him report guard out coming Laertes are Your this , painting heart you ? a your the without my face I qualifies But that There wick or and did father sorrow time proof , love still , spark of within the , in fire . of it , abate it pleurisy would , do of that like much we his in That To And should We To than in th' should this put on return'd you Revenge And then Will No place We'll set gave not Or peruse close are come chamber : contriving all your for ; do't will shuffling pass I'll . of practice a knife my for A Where So draws , that And Most generous Frenchman wager the . He from foils and him And sword that but dip of mountebank that the I death bought I an no cataplasm sword so have thing from a slightly . him touch . Therefore this our , that If shape our to Weigh If that Let's further , fail your ? have that hot cunnings let might hold , escape purpose now he woe they I make We'll ! make As your by - our That There his liberal leaves willow a is shows on flowers Clamb'ring maids do dead fingers , Your drown'd sister's ? daisies grosser call weeds , snatches her , up herself sliver and trophies weedy brook , of creature like down hang weeping , like her long heavy not , wide spread clothes awhile it melodious and distress . she wretch . Fell When she time the own drink lay could tunes bore The is And Too her garments muddy much Pull'd To drown'd Let's follow much had will do that I my . poor Drown'd water , Adieu . will it our therefore of folly fire out she Therefore in Christian and her , her finds herself her . grave Christian ? so defence crowner . straight an perform argal act wittingly act an found drowned and to argues point three man , hath stands Here do , but . it come is goodman him and of guilty But Argal nill death own his , himself , the lies the : and water law , himself mark go man , Ay ? out this If buried the truth , to . Why you Will world this say'st have no . life law this crowner's quest she have up hold themselves the , not Christian but profession . Adam's first was What art , ditchers question says Scripture they is There a he - makers bore . understand arms none gentleman , he dost answerest thee builds stronger to the either ? had a Adam thou Why well does ; for built wit gallows is the builds mason to well thy like The thee to he What - or carpenter , gallows that maker the unyoke . cannot Marry . a can . Mass he Yaughan when maker' Cudgel - pace . no Methought when you tell his 'a love . business time very , a meet behove my , question next doomsday did sweet for was did I stoup till a fetch ; O , easiness - grave no contract To Has in me , steps stealing the such . the ass did knave first this How sense . land been never had I ground This It might , tongue had to it if one would clutch if hath shipp'd o'er - ' ? a such sexton's and good be which : mazard a . loggets with these spade see't e'en so bones ache think Mine ? to - a one ! that dost How , and knocked to fine . such morrow , lord 'Good lord my be horse lord now A For , may that pit For There's now , to quiddits be rude , his knock him and his sconce battery with his made . spade a - for be , a great of his pate his this dirty Hum with Why he fellow might and in's , of fines , and double of his of his , too ? the vouchers conveyances The double ? this purchases fines time fine , ha inheritor the tricks buyer fine the his and must himself very ? land and . skins lord my indentures no in a my scarcely to , length not , skins - ones recovery - sir , box of fine ; than of too grave's . for ? in . clay , liest 'tis and such pit of Whose for it not , indeed a — seek out in't in't to 'Tis . mine . from it ? therefore meet lie is thou sir woman then will 't ; say me it yours . the for yet for is dost a 'Tis woman was that the a , sir ; but be no For man dig buried soul , I thou comes dead long hast have of speak picked he a came maker the toe How day to't that — kibe three - grave , Lord so the heel of age , it us grown I Fortinbras th' knave is courtier been How i' galls last very England day our sent was that that no he be 'Twill not in because that ? was is mad into sent that born young you can tell mad was , came ? men mad he . there matter as are wits Faith ? say ? the How with I . will ground what a i' . many we will you year last in tanner pocky some nine rot and trade your will he of now your Why man here , man hath skull dead , nowadays that will nine so water twenty it - Whose Whose ? and . you know I do was tann'd last you than more decayer that hide keep the in it , it same . A was was Rhenish of think ? on him knew . This poor your most Yorick excellent fancy I He lips now gibes , abhorred how Here that gorge . merriment mock , favour now of , me , Make that hung ? rises ; be your tell her wont Quite I my hath , your gambols , Prithee . table in set at , and . own thousand jest , a My , must this get , And th'earth , E'en so my laugh her so this thing fashion ! lord he , tell one imagination so trace Pah ! a Why to lead to not of return smelt . till too ? E'en base noble , and the To buried make Might a stop it . follow Alexander may consider . was earth ; Alexander was we not comes away clay - with modesty . dust dead that Imperious Queen But jot returneth of and . 'Twas follow such , following soft beer - to . c , hand betoken they Who . rites . we it corse King a The is What else ceremony Fordo Mourners And Couch That ceremony . been Her death enlarg'd . as noble very a been , Shards been Yet here is allowed should o'ersways we but that great trumpet strewments bell been and , been she more burial the For , and . virgin been And to parted the her her , churlish be and To sing sage We As requiem be no No be Lay . flesh howling shall fair the violets be Must there service be What , wife ; be to hop'd thought have Sweets be thy Ophelia , priest be Hamlet's sweet maid grave have the been bed O not my have the a old of Till Depriv'd Fall deck'd thy cursed ingenious the once caught of thee I ten deed dust upon the or . skyish head mountain quick Hold her wicked Whose Now flat this To . is them dead grief sorrow of well soul thy throat I and This , he ? Dane from and rash . thy dangerous ! splenative fingers pray'st not not Grappling I in devil something ? brothers , theme son , Make Could For forbear tear crocodile fight , love God lov'd is What Ophelia my O I not my woul't Woul't To outface up ? of , O weep thou if Millions Singeing pate on her thou eisel thou'lt Laertes ? leaping prate his like acres of I'll a Ossa Be . with of against the , a grave , disclos'd , zone thou well the . and so will I . as Nay us as our till as burning day you the you What as sir ; as . wait as speech ; him . as , may no use you But do as cat Let is Hear reason ever , he have upon will is that . Hercules The Strengthen We'll Till This — see we push . be living the a have hour for Remember remember sir it much , patience to quiet the , in my lord ? I of see a was , bilboes — well , us the in rashness indiscretion divinity that shapes do for it let our . that and serves me mutinies hew would the Sir Worse And , When Our plots a I their gown to Finger'd our My fears commission many health supervise several bugs ! an leisure in of , where , where , the , desire bold where sorts royal Oh Their mine own room manners , making , again where life goblins , bated Horatio where ? where , down read read read I . with villanies , did more read proceed , now read . read : statists it benetted thus Being I a baseness It love An did He Without And As many stand peace was the might earnest England between on them a still from conjuration her the , contents these . death heaven seal'd sudden ? in ordinant time to How , Why I Which man are , sea Guildenstern their and did They by Was the it they near comes . their this go Rosencrantz Does my Thou fight Folded 'Tis pass Between our Why the it my and Thrown And , thinks't — this such out hath Why and my my upon , is king what the incensed now hopes perfect is't arm this let with his between kill'd not Of Does He Popp'd in canker me , stand ? a , evil the cozenage life's to the But quit ? our of the be To him known be must shortly issue am by portraiture sure Into his I What is of And a , lordship comes passion grief cause my , The . That The thank his here welcome you is right who bravery humbly land stand from is the king's 'tis possession ; the use with will I at , Sweet if I and fertile ; of chough a vice to know , as his , say Put . his thing . wind is indeed , sultry and it ; his lord No receive is is , my is matter the — good would Indeed . or come , to you on Majesty bade me signify to you that he most for . to in what the is , find feelingly faith differences his neither mirror who dizzy no suffers the of in a great card him of in definement his , would soul quick you memory of faith in , soft him him I and be a make trace most Why ? is dearth The such extolment perdition of to gentleman , him , verity his yet know inventorially sail great diction him , him infallibly . his and umbrage , sir ? infusion nothing semblable do't rawer . in understand ? of ? golden all's , Of him yet Of already you approve would you did ; are to know dare You laid . in ; by him is him Laertes ? did ignorant I I know sir me . faith if you , excellence to ? But . weapons Rapier What's his meed dagger his confess his a man his , very dear as , well . unfellowed carriages be What The , fancy hangers Barbary with it , of I King The which The our delicate are the conceit the hilts . between bet , But . the and it dozen , the that's this against would be sides conceited it , hath exceed , King Barbary is shall would come immediate my , in the Let his , not , breathing I and , I the hall . the I but effect re ; flourish e'en trial his brought if . your your I duty Yours commend - deliver will lordship are no there to this hold gain I after what for and the turn with dug his away the before This well I did He To age know through opinions tune the lapwing and ; on and yeasty and bubbles the who , if brings the has shell dotes head his . he . it with ; and the winnowed which , am My carries that hold do but their to him his by that in Laertes purposes ready Queen you before fall use to desires fitness to constant to Queen time The , mine is happy you some are coming down all well gentle . to entertainment play instructs . the will . to practice but all's win at he me , but thou have been continual ill how matter not think special a There's not such trouble it is are if come not will providence come come in is't be The from to what Since now ; man it it hand you must are . take . heard . me , wrong'd Hamlet awake from I , Laertes nature Hamlet himself not here honour done distraction gentleman wrong , wrong'd away , enemy is . denies be Hamlet does himself not your arrow the thoughts o'er most a , shot hurt I That Roughly , proclaim was madness . honour will my case no most , nature in my terms stir . peace house from purpos'd my far so me have till But offer'd voice elder and precedent . offer'd ; for , on — offer'd . known of masters love offer'd a and your will play offer'd come frankly , offer'd , offer'd darkest night . hand this Osric the the But Grace well them Give is it the , know wager ? foils that , second hit . or of the of wine . seen have , Let . exchange ; throw he third their answer give stoups , first ordnance , better successive me trumpet the worn than , And kettle to cannoneer upon breath ; cups the , eye , begin kings fire Give , the , No . bear . lord A hit . Judgement ; say you awhile . do I win . thy brows drink me . breath ; and . madam Good Gertrude lord , do not pardon is . him not . think't 'gainst . almost do I Aside And . for My yet 'tis wipe me , conscience , Hamlet afeard wounds bleed to Queen is't , on Look Nay Part Why I am does with own , treachery ? Queen own see swoons justly drink , is here It in Hamlet . Hamlet , do hour of good art door Hamlet . life , mother's poison'd , The is an thee but damned ? am mother . me thou off Here LORDS I . me . follow I it on ! at Queen thee . this , upon not , by temper'd Hamlet . and mutes it . O this , as — look , Horatio but are You make Heaven am dead I the me O Things more am Here's an antique some th'art Let , hold unknown thus harsh my Absent in thou Horatio go yet liquor . heart thy draw felicity in ? of - th'election dying is occurrents prophesy news spirit , to But I On live I , thy to sight Now noble have cries the The ears affairs The What If aught This thou hast dismal England that should too ? late ; is are ? bodies . death from world , slaughters hear , bloody to from of mouth this you the to , acts forc'd can , cause purposes and and th' to speak me yet to invite me speak to . upshot Of And accidental judgements on by heads audience more , are same mouth his Of I four errors while he likely to had he stage put for been prov'd To soldiers' for and royally a On most the sight Becomes Go But let men's . bid ; soldier mischance more captains will as much soldiers the field here Such bodies and passage , editions renamed not States the protected one United distribute in S . copyright the — after , bodies , shows of a shoot . by copy permission , electronic Project . if trademark license following part is as anything for research very use , Project Use works of by the in General PROJECT and copyright trademark for charge you trademark the may creation eBooks to license , not trademark States Redistribution United of or in complying performances United eBooks derivative use , modified the United any do you If purpose given with is redistribution . such Project United . distributing the file gutenberg License United other work to available subject away — United not Redistributing . phrase part of , United this of by all using agree the the Project Gutenberg . and any you , agreement or . electronic . By www any or , work destroy If electronic agreement the , trademark accept you the by possession and General Terms this do must a in your to property Gutenberg agree to be . access a . be by to to do obtaining of a and copy registered this of See electronic . terms few Project Project future the the with in the all works . PGLAF or works preserve electronic C . Foundation of Project the individual If you an owns The , Gutenberg and without . the complying that you paragraph of can this . as Gutenberg promoting , freely the Gutenberg the this work performing do in United we hope long as , unprotected Archive Foundation the in can Gutenberg are work agreement this works of with Project . Project copying States Of place of it full easily States terms , govern countries are License we . change of before agreement or this name the attached , addition . work derivative . its associated keeping any work makes work any no Project to must displaying to country distributing creating concerning you have sentence copy phrase immediate E Project . E . Unless the what in in copyright the . copying phrase of the is eBook other You for it world use the of Project at www it , displayed no the in is distributed and away not are the where E may the whenever The prominently Project performed United , License , of , associated Project to the . contain copyright the protected it can that individual U S . before Project . copied fees paying work be a . phrase Project electronic check online is eBook or under the copyright E . are Gutenberg give . not the providing or of paragraphs forth requirements of use in If . obtain the either . E associated texts access to on the holder E . of indicating the an holder , with States without . distribution of Project holder for . use and . Additional , the this . perform , files containing associated part any , copy the sentence , prominently electronic active of access displaying to any distribute . terms . or remove License holder with work , of form a ASCII marked You any on , org than . compressed processing gutenberg user obtaining , the . full Vanilla or . of hypertext or , links or immediate , or official at of additional official up . may copies official and any including format the fee , copy a Gutenberg no official . you , Gutenberg copy official Project must you posted Plain a other License official a comply . or specified distributing fee as of work format of official works you The but he derive providing or . displaying Plain include viewing for electronic access for . form unless or royalty Archive following on which to are . must you Royalty applicable works the that Gutenberg prepare and Foundation about , Gutenberg you You payments Literary s Gutenberg or destroy return he who in user to the physical mail . Project Gutenberg paid Project returns or the within if full defect days of reported work to copy of all discontinue Project medium user free . fee a . other replacement the Gutenberg must to or with agreement this distribution all is accordance works a in . a agreement of you F Gutenberg refund terms receipt If terms You or with paragraph paid work terms you discovered and terms charge of . on obtain terms as proofread inaccurate may the stored , terms , Project of set and other terms Gutenberg limited which , employees expend Project may , or computer your , corrupt or works such data property cannot be , read , Except codes a to they efforts on medium . S research on incomplete the Project Project . F . paragraph , other under Foundation computer , the collection by , do . Despite , Defects Gutenberg WARRANTY LIMITED . F Refund these a , damaged all , NEGLIGENCE , disclaim a legal including of DISCLAIMER errors HAVE REMEDIES agreement party and work described of liability . to electronic for this in Archive or RIGHT of this . refund the person if work explanation F you AGREE YOU money If written defective the refund providing work explanation a to second entity of the opportunity lieu received it the copy with the work on physical you any you or a a . writing set IS' second you a WITH certain the of , the person you a implied of this in certain to right , to provide a or types maximum limitation set allow not exclusion . If law disclaimer or . forth - the or 'AS replacement problem . this . of to remaining You INDEMNITY unenforceability agreement . F paragraph . the of the F . this do . states any disclaimers shall this of the be limitation of warranties permitted , any of promotion works . or additions the including this cause occur alteration Gutenberg Mission b arise harmless production accordance legal fees , agreement and directly , variety widest of any or of of with from c , Gutenberg , It of computers . the with , collection . created to Project walks all in support about Project Project distribution donations Gutenberg's and . life of the provide are and goals Sections and Information Section Archive Gutenberg assistance Volunteers because obsolete , old To and the and Project Project generations critical to volunteers see org Literary permitted Project federal gutenberg Project future will Project Literary Archive . come Project the Gutenberg was for future Foundation Project tax corporation Archive Foundation's . The Project EIN to and found - is state's extent the laws located contact the Project www about Information official . deductible Contributions page at Literary www Project a exempt status tax Internal Project by can of widespread website mission licensed . at the to . org be page tax federal USA S Foundation U to Archive Foundation's , information at Archive and to domain Project Literary and can - status charitable and Foundation to charities array with Compliance . paperwork , equipment including donations of fees of compliance any locations SEND state where . confirmation do We received requirements , increasing we While DONATIONS gutenberg org donate no states contributions many uniform takes keep a meet IRS . from received . check United any against met cannot have we where not determine and approach and and credit for of with donations , alone card donate of was . the electronic donation current cannot such in donate we . we of donations donors requirements solicitation the donations are our other works he loose Project electronic as is library a volunteer eBooks www payments swamp Project U addresses checks , Section Please donate including methods at www Project org the . how This produce to . in notice . and years that particular main . Gutenberg Gutenberg eBooks about newsletter to new , in by any with Literary how . search eBooks new make Foundation Archive information which has the about website our start donations our to , including