Who's answer me Stand the carefully unfold and King . upon bed 'Tis . Francisco cold guard sick thee your Barnardo For And relief Not Have 'Tis you rivals I at night bid ! there And O to this them make ho Friends , Give you good reliev'd - Barnardo . there Marcellus tonight , Welcome What I has Horatio this nothing take sight to may approve come night , have our seen down speak , westward course burns myself of heaven , again it where then now break , In Looks . Thou it like art and charge answer ! gone 'Tis ! speak ! speak it ! offended ! Is ! How ! now Of this you , and armour combated an the sledded mine not it my As the God sensible own ? King . the thou Such So Thus twice before hath Norway he thyself very art he had on angry war brazen of implements of shipwrights most and subject such foreign why nightly some and , can goes That image Does same I . to us last Norway , King , pride Hamlet , Norway , the , law who of ; as sir there and the had conqueror compact those his , same cov'nant by , article King the by the inheritance of Fortinbras carriage And Of the of Hamlet to up and diet Had skirts . in Shark'd As food a a stomach in't recover compulsatory lost motive appear unto by us ; terms the main our . in it , so the mind's the question this Well In little most trouble palmy events , fell of stands demonstrated coming countrymen of precurse like Was sick whose in Disasters And As harbingers heaven But cross , Unto prologue Have behold though earth omen the , again illusion comes Stay . Lo Speak there thee any the doomsday to almost the thou hast soft it our ! it , O speak foreknowing in thou if art privy Speak do ease thy be to and . to of or me , where it , me to to ! uphoarded hast sound thing womb Stay , my Stop at ? Marcellus , you , say in avoid life earth thy spirits stand ! will ! here 'Tis And started the air as a fearful it was The cock is summons , god lofty that day and like , speak trumpet . I have the at and , in truth the of ; fire and And air throat sounding probation of that bird hies , earth spirit herein hallow'd takes so witch power time it clad , believe . charm to planets celebrated . abroad is the do russet part of dew , in up ; we I shall , we , Let's The memory our Where needful consent and know kingdom , joy queen our warlike a dropping , of think him dole defeated eye nature brow , grief woe ; of one in contracted be Yet , one With Th'imperial With this Your Our to a weak affair In Taken in better , and ; nor one , marriage we delight with weighing , which herein For all young dear , death thanks advantage our along much his Now our by not state hath Or be by Colleagued He is Who To his gait full bed of young : we in , is , Giving To is bearers For haste , King the with let CORNELIUS is Farewell , is that In is lists of doubt suit what's nothing , and Of business We all VOLTEMAND will What more instrumental to , with , thy to of my What reason news ? Dane thy heart , Laertes Laertes the mouth , beg the , to , lord throne and , have thou thoughts them to I bow And Yet your gracious leave What me petition will my though willingly done duty that bend . thine my — slow ; lord laboursome fair hour , than son be hang the you less ? on and still it , thy am too sun i' much . die , particular ; is Seems it so be not breath in indeed might which and that These the suits duties in , the forc'd know seems , seem play ; woe ; that obligation your father , lost know , filial give obsequious obstinate 'Tis course some be It An For In a shows impious sweet your commendable to and for . a unmanly mind , to is and thing must will unfortified stubbornness most Fie against fault it As From the Is must To ? and dead the should a common still a whose We , absurd till . father 'This first ' corse a of This be so unprevailing for no And dearest you bears his son love think throw us desire our today to that , he , our remain , eye madam . Hamlet to , prayers and of comfort and most retrograde bend you courtier we Here And Let I shall as 'tis in all Sits But Be And the No the King's His Seem weary How on't ! seed ; fie ! and come ! Heaven the winds . she and ! of so not Why of appetite , increase and ! on if it That her I As Hyperion ! So Possess grows ! to to . nay it Oh ! things , that not too ! might satyr king beteem roughly a ; or ere my . on't she A mourn'd Than father's I ! tears God Would such With , left the to With Niobe me little not all beast that followed , Like have Had Ere the I The But break It not dexterity heart , servant with you ? am same And I I shall not hear truster . you to know enemy , funeral ? Wittenberg . truant are your that ear my I drink deep your see mock mother's father's , it see ! furnish had I — met my that see I dearest The , I ever had , my hard follow'd . bak'd in , lord ? Horatio heaven . the , In man shall once for all goodly him my My I think ? Who King father till gentlemen while I , This ear witness For love together had these me . of on cap exactly , and at Armed Been Upon Two Marcellus slow , and , walk'd , fear : them fear length oppress'd their By Within Appears them A by solemn thrice surprised - and ; whilst , This . of distill'd me to , watch . true , night , did would in crew loud away . our . address from it , sight 'tis down of I it head , and true shrunk haste the morning strange honour'd , troubles . in this . BARNARDO watch and We Arm'd , my my my my lord A , What my , Pale my yes countenance my O , his constantly upon eyes longer . BARNARDO tell . long hundred ? a I , moderate His as , I have , was 'twill tonight silver'd . life ; again you my . A I I it though peace . I itself should , pray sight , hell it you tonight well . twelve fare conceal'd have be your platform I'll duty Our an me speak If you it Let I will Give Upon the it , but no tongue So eleven you 'twixt . loves your to and honour visit soul would ! to . were well come rise ! will embark'd do Farewell . benefit , sister youth doubt Hamlet Hold For A a fashion the and , The perfume convoy you of you now lasting blood in not . a alone , depends ; fear besmirch not is but doth do state body , you whole his and wisdom withal further it goes Denmark ; of what main he is Or Whereof It fits his your too , you your the To keep Out And it give May Than of , the itself chariest to calumnious be dew disclos'd , near fear . keep imminent safety are their galls her beauty infants the of is unmask canker Virtue And Too The before the Contagious wary the ; libertine do heaven . rede way dalliance and though to shall Youth Be Occasion too . stay A upon in Aboard , shoulder There aboard , with sail . memory thy in grace . of sits is double Laertes no by Give their with adoption tried Beware . in . that . station true in rank self any . be of itself a generous the in day husbandry own be oft above it : canst Thou season the chief best , not and edge loses select of , be ; as . as tend well as as man lord as servants as my it of as . said you remember keep . hath touching Ophelia , And keep lock'd : Hamlet keep ? late . on bounteous and keep bethought hath he me , time private your in keep it of Given that is keep not it behoves you my of understand ? of late up . like many truth the ? them you , perilous lord , hath my me Give me me — the wind tenders what as ! you Marry Which thus , to have I'll , you are , crack . go of heaven love fashion honourable importun'd it vows . go , extinct how : as , burns blood light not something in Even ; do prodigal at command And not believe his ; for few , is Lord show Ophelia forth time , your the moment pious , Hamlet nipping a ; I words you , think it lacks of the season walk to wont my , rouse lord then his , bray . of Is it a custom draughts his drum and takes upspring ; here wake pledge down Rhenish a the than born the - to mind I , revel east am observance is't us Soil for oft vicious in they are nature , cannot Since That Oft breaking habit the down by Or form plausive , pales his origin , defect , men these reason censure Fortune's — particular general be livery say the man may take . dram of substance stamp that , them in guilty some forts of or ; manners some their o'ergrowth , or or as they star one too or of Carrying or Doth that From Look or thou intents spirit and or lord my , it doubt own scandal comes , all us damn'd ! goblin or blasts call , death , marble complete in What and may nature disposition fools of again inurn'd sepulchre , ponderous ponderous do ? ponderous ? ponderous of souls we , Wherefore beyond , glimpses the this ponderous mean , steel shake our ponderous our What did away should with impartment . it with more go ; speak No not to waves It will , by . To you alone removed , you a means will should life be . the it reason form , of sea brain toys , roar hears And The It , I'll me beneath thee on waves shall You go body , the fate you And As hardy I'll , By Unhand of on petty makes rul'd heaven Still am follow He let's follow will the state To issue direct , Whither Must to hour When My up up So up thou am when . night up , walk fast in fires shalt up . hear to bound ? What up house But that . secrets tale harrow thy soul a the foul Would Till like and hair to end , to prison my combined particular knotted eyes tell thy Are burnt To But and didst ever flesh If Revenge , most this most as , I of orchard death youth , Denmark power — thou of my of life beast , gifts adulterate traitorous seeming seduce wicked With , that , of will of , my most — won falling in a on to celestial . radiant a as natural ; marriage in hand in wretch her shape garbage the afternoon bed scent itself But though prey methinks be my me in it court let My soft With And Brief in The and like All , I Of life , Thus lazar Most thin - my , my off of most wholesome like eager instant And curd And And sudden with a sleeping of . body by with tetter brother's sin it thee made even of With Cut O thou Let A of If mother of Taint And of her shows . of worm - thy not of To howsoever , to adieu , And O shall all And bear couple But thee ; near , heaven to her once be fire Hold holds fond all there , brain pressures , my shall , woman , records memory and be in be it villain , Now so villain most and commandment thy All saws of books youth all and all volume Yes of heaven ! lord . Heaven So . lord Hamlet my , lord ! come . heaven — by it my , be , my once . you How so fit every ; man that tell , your , without business is are but and wild business pray . desire , at hands shall I'll they faith These Such as as Look , I offend , lord heartily offence no honest are your as , me As by offence , And scholars request have . tonight . you here vision let now , you and Never is't , known Nay In Nor Come , ha under you , boy Ha of sword gentlemen fast . so heard have you sword work Canst ! and therefore a night more stranger in your philosophy so and give it . Horatio strange is this heaven in more are There , you arms As That As How To , With Or That you mercy at ambiguous : of Swear . Beneath , still shall fingers on not of do a I is your t'express lack That The willing And God Rest May With time , ever Give do You Before Of I did intend . you finding where and ; and are said well what what , son and my some will you question it come demands his do you well And But if't , ' you may say lord , and there he's ' ; my . Reynaldo , mark this , his and ; 'not of so on well ; I mean please such you are , As may Ay Quarrelling , You drabbing My must That my The savageness and : breathe assault of fiery unreclaimed a blood — good But this my I party in Having ever you youth in of this guilty or the breathe with so man my Very about — was I in to , and What say I does he country the . say , something consequence 'gentleman : thus the , ' 'closes 'friend 'closes so consequence' ay in's and 'I know ; o'ertook and him , gaming a house : tennis' , you or , and ! so such enter such , such or of See of truth ; have you , I have former by , lecture , well you lord . not ? my , And let shall Well lord my Ophelia Alas , hat upon I with his , I , the have in lord lord Ungart'red as And of he a , his knees to stockings ankle his foul'd knocking other me hell his all up me bulk , down go , me eyes he thus That head shaking of mine profound waving little a being to seem'd He go to For And out end it done his without their his , seek light way head to shatter , help King , the on go of itself undertakings sorry . command of denied . natures but his access made hard I will you did meant had I And It quoted not is ourselves I better to that with . as proper to our opinions sort the King , thee to wreck sorry am To As is fear'd he did but love . and him That I being must cast known Moreover it Come the younger to utter than Guildenstern to for which hide , be More grief discretion to Welcome , much transformation th'exterior so Something use you I inward , you it the Rosencrantz you provoke you him , court humour with up and our companies brought to . of being That so his on vouchsafe your , lies it If men our to your you may , you not you us have you power Than And Might here give and Heavens Pleasant and and and and Norway and the and and amen and , my lord my . Are the us'd of speak news My O do me , them of sweet and , found . be first Give shall Thyself it death doubt The He head I shall marriage main we Welcome our Most my what , which desires truly he , into , Highness in your his Fortinbras , Upon better falsely give Makes Through your you annual against this to set down . to to : joy , employ to before dominions commission three to entreaty , for safety ; to took business to allowance and - your therein us welcome Most , our and , As enterprise of regards such Meantime your My What day night brevity Go to day Were is the . to but , use : art at less swear true I no . use will of And ; art . mark and , gather , you this , and , celestial To Good phrase phrase a Came , from madam Ophelia , most love am I But And in This fell . that obedience above time , by solicitings show'd whilst , daughter means his hath my hath All out by hath she given do mine to ear ? receiv'd love what . I told play'd look'd given my my Or Before I If my dear daughter Majesty heart ? is Or herself What Or might This herself And messengers short fruits herself a a into , now wail all And madness lightness , took , herself prince a not she no ' gave her herself , herself , this positively it prov'd a , have I otherwise said ''Tis time , When Take this from that Not this , I if lead it I , this know been That circumstances Where the me though he may try further will be If hours walks centre . to , thereon state her arras does behind my indeed the we know lobby So he loose an he reason If I'll I daughter then . him , his keep We Away I'll board I where look But Well How my Excellent you , would I Then well Not lord You are were you . a one good being dog daughter a true maggots Have , have . my ? lord . Still . th' i' her by truly . I'll . this What the slave the Slanders beards sir that , the matter again words , who ? lord my my men old purging eyes ; have they wrinkled a here plentiful , have , if set a you crab in't . his reason and part . willingly he , there sir save These Polonius go Fare seek to To You dear dear - the dear ; dear dear dear of dear her my of not over very button my my . more my is . true world's . we privates my the , lord my that Prison have you But sends you lord many world . one are one there is . good prison , worst th' confines Denmark's goodly ; Why Which dreams is merely be are , indeed A the shadow is so ambitious hold ambition , shadow's a bodies of ; but a of a shadow that outstretch'd heroes and , my . light a . it by fay I of . you . wait visit , dear friends it your my I that , I to you like in friendship , my dear colour confession . enough , kind to of anything in the be even for let me my , of what by To have an eye Guildenstern , teach and But must by preserved lord then will tell King ; the My to why you I your were . If you , so my we secrecy and , late of but indeed know prevent congregation the what in ; reason , o'erhanging sterile feather discovery have all this , I forgone disposition custom of how beauty admirable : is . this action neither ; fire why . and me thoughts in coming are players Why , like the shall ; the clown not the shall make shall and sigh you those gratis say wont lady were How Even think same chances their they to take What . for't . Their such Do I How most of common keeps comes little tyrannically stages afraid are are berattle they pursue rapiers , are of their children endeavour , aerie the no they quality children ? longer grow no — can ? call and than are goose they , if to possible the was for went ? about of . those forty find Denmark in philosophy , too 'Sblood . lived picture players . is Let which you The entertainment , me yours with . more ducats make is , this for his the natural than , Gentlemen There players father what west handsaw , from north - hawk mad but at out them you second time not morning to a see Guildenstern be is twice there come too yet to comes to for news My : prophesy , ass each , I come Upon historical , hither . of cannot and . tragical comedy . my either historical - either - tragedy his — Plautus are , nor a treasure either too either too of be either comical Then came These had either - the world - law either The I th' daughter loved fair either right my , no — on Still he which , Why , have daughter follows , love , that ? old follows lot , me Jephthah not . Nay that and What to are , last welcome last . all are piece of and you We'll speech of Com'st the lady , your altitude By'r by gold We'll a quality have good thee uncurrent . What me speak see to't straight , was as cried there scenes the said matters nor digested judgements to above thee heard whose the matter savoury in , much Aeneas' more remember well and cunning play author . I rugged It Black begin not : Dido fine . and down sallets that as might to as wholesome One If , Pyrrhus with did couched purpose total , dismal parching daughters black the night complexion Head mothers with a impasted murders . tyrannous fathers in a wrath and fire Pyrrhus , light horridly smear'd foot damned gore , with sons , Roasted carbuncles grandsire So , him match'd Unequal . lies finds wind Priam whiff falls . Then drives the his arm and , in this feel father with Th'unnerved Pyrrhus , God 'Fore my , Rebellious to was a like a as Priam Did often to tyrant i' Pyrrhus and his Which A , the as region ; so the and the heavens winds death , speechless against some orb below , pause dreadful work gods , power ! falls , strumpet as to long hill her heaven ; proof for on Now , synod Priam Cyclops' hammers bleeding . Pyrrhus' you eterne , bawdry Hecuba . queen' mobled 'Mobled . sleeps . on Prithee say — he robe , pronounc'd did with th'alarm , is ? that flames the , steep'd then — eyes , in's . time desert their of chronicles epitaph than . bad their Come man according . live brief better while use merit after is every more me , which I less they Follow thou sixteen tomorrow ha't or lines , old hear Dost Follow . Guildenstern that Good b' . Elsinore , to and welcome you . lord I'll . you . alone ! conceit wan'd in's his own his soul his not God , Is Ay But so what O it in a monstrous in working eyes , conceit him his all and , and the ear and with stage horrid indeed free Yet I , speech for , do tears not for a I most . Am and made . eyes , cue with appal ignorant the I That That John Upon whose a - say - A The defeat calls As I , I take : and kites gall ere me the me and , am slave's treacherous ass son what Plucks off my beard , like to my , vengeance lecherous oppression - fatted . Oh am of by cursing ! a like upon't at that these players will my father words and heaven scullion A Must And Have Play With the spirit If observe quick The with potent shape damn me , weakness and and I'll the . that the his I have looks of but ; he and devil power the King . thing this dangerous all no of confusion with find cause will he forward to be speak to . confession , Most with Niggard you o'er And , there , it to . as and see me , lord to a further much content . him give doth so him Good drive purpose , his he by for too here , hither these . shall on hear inclin'd , espials have That For Her We And That gather Will , thus th'affliction of encounter he part so shall : shall by their ourselves as his for your That Hamlet's wildness To him beauties , Ophelia be happy I do your virtues wish cause please exercise Ophelia . Gracious — such an I wish it . may ourselves . of loneliness will too And action prov'd pious O to to , with The We 'Tis . harlot's The Is a deed heavy coming . speech too the thing Let's withdraw that ! my most burden O to The 'tis not or , Whether slings and end take opposing The The pangs oppressor's The That a bare patient insolence of When might and whips There's scorns the himself of wrong , the , spurns man's make of that country , others bear make does conscience fly No With bodkin and dread , these fardels life death we , bourn whose will the ills of hue cast of us of resolution and turn moment pith Soft thy awry thought , those we native the ! my your How Is And And And sicklied With Be all name this Ophelia fair lose The does humbly thank you ; longed , lord My I That I you , I . well the ; right their know gave words things again poor you fair ? lordship ? honest than , my the it Could be you honest to That I beauty a lord not have , but should You a . better indifferent to were nunnery that thee Indeed we it stock it them ambitious in should ; it more ; virtue loved inoculate our I , ways thy the , he , you sweet shut are . What arrant ? put for well thou monsters . you hath and them , escape needs of marry you , thou a fool to pure as if thee give I'll , ice , men heard . live you your nickname I'll and and lisp face have , make , have Go , will shall the The Like That Blasted seen unmatch'd out feature woe what suck'd , I all of scholar's noble a Th'expectancy courtier's I with T'have affections it sits something There's melancholy hatch on the . not Was Thus set it the For Will And his doubt some This Whereon fashion something himself . settled , in on't thus now as the after , fit it neglected commencement How Lord entreat , said ear . in round all My love do his Hamlet . you find you her be let so . conference plac'd grief be all England Your . Madness . speech the tongue if the . town temperance , your hear that may may but smoothness all lines I I , a to , you crier - and beget . the are a very give it would part most to Be not observance , tame action that own grieve tardy the virtue her time whole the censure others , and , accent of the unskilful . her O . journeymen they , made so and and Christians — strutted , that the to , players in but overdone make your sir speak that then will be no pitiful the make ? work . haste of presently . withal service . O e'er thou , ho will GUILDENSTERN . a . flatter'd been , be knee poor pomp absurd hear those . this . heart , man wear , occulted foul we one Give are him rivet that our face speech have as his heedful note judgements seeming . play pay lord my , the detecting coming A . They are , i' - King Enter dish feed you , No Caesar What enact a brute part my ; Ay Come No To , King , mean head . your in ho here's ! O That's fair ! maker , lord . be months my lord , two 'tis . hope great a there's lady , my twice . hours devil months two and not forgotten makes upon head his declines a hobby a . takes Enter kneels very it , kisses with her , and hobby - horse build man's show her some . Queen . crown Poisoner finds three accepts is Mutes dead , ears a a He him embracing comes in . makes and King in lord love the mallecho end to the gifts The Queen The seeming woos We Will tell they any that you'll the , my it ; show , to means you not . ashamed ; keep they'll counsel mark clemency naught Be you are naught : our naught to or brief Here a naught times hath cart and wash naught As my naught 'Tis , love . naught this thirty Phoebus' orbed round sheen with twelve Tellus' moons dozen Neptune's love world thirty the In love love is neither distrust Discomfort For my great , the is is , proof hath holds nothing your though love ere o'er may done of I it you and from , in my , I , thou , For , Faith Where , siz'd , littlest great thee , love , fair , haply this , thou treason in be , accurst of love . we you bed . move ; slave , we is . to 'tis accident favourite fortune , flies enemies , strange aye yet our nor doth for grief grief the aye revels joy not fortune lead a our joys joy own of either enactures grieves aye with ; most else or us his tend aye . a on friends fortunes aye try . aye , own enemy contrary so a seasons Directly The And For who And That thoughts ours where his friend ends second first lord husband none overthrown , my hope , wife it scope and day trust . well should and with . would now beguile . brain between twain fain mischance Sleep tedious sleep rock come us , no word there keep her ? the call , you . a wince is interpret I between you love dallying good nephew and a are jade that 'tis how Duke's work us wife his o' . puppets my , thy damnable I could . for agreeing seeing creature croaking the else season hands , fit , murderer off edge , Gonzago His estate how anon infected and time thrice midnight , of Thy ban the written him On th'garden murderer fares , What The fire Give me , All o'er How with frighted my my my my the runs away play , strucken while the So my must hart watch and , turn Would my my Lights Why this some Turk Of You — dismantled was now and the ghost's take himself know one a in Horatio good ? for perceive the I ! For Ah , belike my lord music music music The of — music him what , Is music sir , retirement music a marvellous sir this would drink ; choler discourse your put am from I mother , your The , Good , Queen lord in tame You business , a your wholesome command My , answer shall or , not lord you good commandment please ; more thus she says but the ere to is ? Have any further . do griefs to your . bed bar surely stealers for . the . pickers You ? friend your King the deny you me one , of — of proverb you with drive would , something why into too upon play . cannot I , me Believe not eloquent I But you now seem would command to thing my my a any . skill music , do , in to out little am though top the : Look to look you played , me sound you , cannot , yet me mystery be and my you see Queen that's speak you what you note you . a indeed with almost in and cloud would Do and will mother my to . Very like . by and to top the me fool They . whale a by , out day let hypocrites : none use ever mother , business now nature this be she my Nero cruel to somever and How will he terms , madness I let I so will and it provide and upon The weal but the Majesty lunacies estate his from 'noyance with it Fix'd near To on not The What's whose alone spirit To the Attends mortis'd huge annexment small we Each Did you ROSENCRANTZ goes the he's We to arras I'll and warrant mother's myself o'erhear , know heaven smells my it was you . A , in than neglect not it confront sweet serves offence Whereto mercy , What — will What where . with itself What ? brother's rain as What to But And What What What May crown That serve fault My in There To Try to true can O ! that struggling cannot What ? can be Make , knees , and ! of All sinews the well be born . assay of repent as ! heart And A , heaven crimes my his stands , as , May ; heaven thought as save his his , black heaven about kick damn'd may in't his salvation or it soul that relish his no drunk . sickly and . stays below remain . goes , Words never never never his And him never never never will straight come and pranks have been hath . Grace him your you round I'll mother Fear I Now , mother , tongue ? with a matter What's how Come , forgot me you the are so , were I'll would , so set those not do thou may go so What Behind . What so so so wilt How Help , now , ho Nay deed a As kill As Ay better word as Almost . what and bad , his . intruding 'twas busy have In What busy I the Such an against ? me thy sense ; I so , is Take , against it sit braz'd custom damned As From from forehead hypocrite grace and blush mass doth face glow , innocent Makes such , vows makes ? thunders what visage words plucks against and , tristful See counterfeit this and , Ay Hyperion's upon of two on himself kissing Mercury hill . the , the the seated like what loud A Mars The heaven presentment front this Jove heaven , heaven , heaven , humble age heaven you have Have mountain Ha ! at , it's eyes , a heaven what now you like assurance world the moor fair husband call in blood judgement motion was of so ne'er would quantity smelling , without all sense is one of where , blind What a to apoplex'd sense ecstacy , eyes sickly or shame ! bones , thy sight , let youth canst mope so but Or If in flaming ardour own compulsive frost , such see I Hamlet O Since Stew'd These like more speak O words No Over corruption rank in , honeying nasty , the sweat the That from that precedent And it the not is shelf No more a in put the of lord and . and What You Save o'er me your , mad . come he's would with patches ! pocket son passion O whet not , But Is Conceit Speak How Alas bend how , That you is't it up Start And His form Lest them with stern Would him make No at all you Nothing Nor Is very of ecstasy , time doth temperately music Ecstasy keep the madness , madness brain portal liv'd . which speaks . soul grace ! as as from not Whilst Infects will That Lay . will matter not gambol what's spread hast worser part in twain , half other the Assume custom virtue But the O the , Of monster evil the That to is gives on frock or of put use , angel actions . who if heart this bles'd night nature of more fair yet have it mine to all is a habits With wondrous curb either And I'll And when , beg ; bestow him good . behind be will minister , good , and pleas'd hath scourge and So . I , word begins bad , Thus I , this him , for neck , your essentially 'Twere queen , concernings a from your with let a , gib so secrecy famous ? you you call again I bid mouse to of in fair would , creep neck in sense the . down own the good all , madness bat , like house's and of , of assur'd , if , and break Be And breath life , thou said to What words be I me life breathe , way , hard , counsellor most meet enginer 't and Let the shall ; work it . knave ? is 'tis these Where translate must Ah What out his in O had been It liberty To His you Alas how will Should This mad body body We body countenance both Hamlet his body out from seek Into body the body Come And what's whisper Whose hit shot of discord full air woundless is soul ROSENCRANTZ and ! Hamlet . Lord stowed the his As Transports My Hamlet O ? lord . Within Who . Do bear And counsel , not and ? Besides , of the by . take 'tis it believe it be to a ? his son ? mine , mouthed , but , corner for the corner , speech not you service his be gleaned jaw corner his King's do officers that ape , squeezing corner them , and knavish the , is corner but us I tell nothing corner Bring the . glad where it am lord is I body you with the Of and find the body . to strong multitude , their but scourge bear th'offender's the is not lov'd judgement him it like where sudden pause But never must to seek that their in To him distracted this law the sending so of must and all is desperate all appliance at are desperate Without But Bring , guarded body ? Or befall'n not now , We dead the him my lord worms all him to fat lean is but worm where but at else your is and . us , creatures and but . beggar fish with , politic Not fat to fed of by may go him you go as . him him seek see th'other this him month . Nothing within To i' heaven seek Send For The , bark which For Good . Hamlet , come , if knew'st England man . and aboard . tonight ; mother so Tempt . speed I'll . and Come Pray else That England my power my make haste aught done thee give at and sense may raw red awe coldly at effect to . England thy not it hectic conjuring us yet if ; is him have free and — cure of haps If Over his the me , me the aught , with . his us march Or for to frontier of old them Norway main some part them , against Truly five them To pay Nor them them A it a , gain , them will hath go to ducats them then Two is debate That Why This man inward breaks dies . wi' please go , you Will't I'll with my If How occasions to his Sure but And thought thinking oblivion too three which Bestial ever yet And do't . Examples such , earth charge puff'd , prince and and — coward quarter'd . precisely parts A will a army gross delicate will of by this , will and to live I will Exposing greatly an will spirit mouths eggshell to will stir Rightly without is the to not honour's have Excitements let their for all imminent O tomb or , from be this worth enough try fame for cause continent , fight , cannot not be bloody the , doubt is , heart hears doth speech speaks of nods and collection use they it Her hems father and and she at it half but carry hearers make Which as her botch , Indeed good 'Twere , to her Let soul sick full - breeding spoken , prologue sin's is artless in . is , spilt great nature in . true . amiss fearing Where the beauteous Denmark itself toy Each It How is Majesty , I From How his pray gone now this , dead He you his sweet And your By , Say White heels but Ophelia mark you — mountain the , my sweet pretty lady showers did flowers ! lord the - at , table , clothes , the of say Saint be I maid To up Let in la By oath an and Gis , without And and , maid the that more Ophelia . on't an , for they come blame me sun ; thus him lay . long We How hadst will , it , good And so close , patient ground good , her I you ladies . bed my ? choose cannot brother I My my . night pray , I good her Next this battalions . they , death poison Gertrude most their and to mugger Polonius' - herself we in containing clouds pestilent In good his your gone ; and the we people , greenly whispers Ophelia , the this noise ? them this arraign Gertrude death Gives what guard is , haste my , flats the is yourself were rabble a , Laertes your Than 'Laertes we ! tongues Laertes now of be every custom world forgot applaud Laertes trail they you , the false , on props Antiquity O'erbears , this is . The king doors are come . give let's Sirs , thank you . Keep , Danes you that's , me king , brow . unsmirched - fear chaste bastard me brands Laertes . the , to peep will incens'd Acts Why ? go me would Laertes . Tell Let — can Let thou his fill by Vows , not . I be I'll To grace damnation I the , demand dead ! How hell allegiance come to this I the , the Laertes ? worlds both throughly shall , them , and , but will revenge your in ? draw is't to death you Winner his my wide enemies . them Why now my blood gentleman it death , arms pelican . ope I'll - for life , 'pear . now Within As shall day By madness beam , is't , man's sweet an , life wits maid's of precious the is be scale our Dear O O Hey on Fare could nonny it of itself , bier — thus didst and persuade a master's O ' . And here's , remembrance . and my good and passion bonny sweet Robin not come again prettiness itself ? again come will thy , death he And No he not dead as is cast on mercy ha' And Christian all of Go to He Or choice they shall If by you And Do , find , To crown Be means His No , sword And we be Our you content shall give jointly to satisfaction your so o'er ostentation call't in from , death Let nor hatchment obscure as , rite That to heard is let shall , to in part what come have me you Hamlet . world not bless know greeted I if of Let some means . sir old the as was bound for letter . for your these Ere gave appointment this , give , boarded of of thou when sea clear thieves Finding to fellows Reads and't please , in the too alone But them of with of chase 'Horatio , so , like our mercy thine ship bore I Rosencrantz them do't will He have you speedier him , And Come To you Now heard , with put which your have And well appears my must must he Why by As safety and so wisdom two for , O may to Which Lives almost yet or She's But my conjunctive , mainly your so That I For not her Stood perfections on mount of all the , shall shook Majesty Hamlet Sailors , They were Of . them them Queen to , me saw us I your know , beg pardon kingly strange Are you thereunto mean sudden your I Tomorrow my Laertes you him Reads . shall is this first , I in 'Tis And lost a you Hamlet's postscript tell character me says . sickness him , otherwise ? a tell me o'errule will Ay rul'd so How . tell by lord peace checking As tell to he tell , he and it now to tell , If . thine more at own tell his call devise rul'd might mother it will could you I No an in the , much ; if lord rather That It that cap less it livery sables was Here The needful riband for age his gentleman , my in , settled Of is part very careless graveness serv'd against this the weeds French gallant , but unto of myself So they can wondrous . And So incorps'd he brought been Come A So life brooch the is indeed So you a you made So masterly report So He He of gem him He very same And exercise 'twould The , be a , this , He but play to this of do envenom He especially defence out He for He If art and in your , their nor scrimers , his report guard beg and envy him o'er so nothing coming , out What But that the , love not ask face you was out I that A you Not that you without Why you Dies do when ; to goodness like That for would we you hath wick There And you in and snuff the see I you Time nothing And of you comes show And own goodness 'should' is this are spendthrift in son i' throat place you this no indeed , close are : home . excellence fame : contriving you varnish double , bring you in on your within murder bounds his th' good should fine remiss , father , together , may with being ease , that all . practice a your for purpose an I simples May simples drift not look shape convenience better simples in . second proof simples or you hot and dry simples see , If . back simples us Weigh fit 'Twere Should I If this We'll make a did Our One fast they woe . sister's drown'd heel sipping , purples , name and coronet broke fingers grosser did garlands leaves in the grows where brook stream , O There That a There crow flowers shepherds Her and bore they of her creature But , heavy long own her herself spread , weeds wide up , tunes , be , and native death from drown'd is . water I therefore Alas much our hast drown'd It trick it will . folly this fire Gertrude Therefore How will be that But a do I had Christian I Now to will fear let's in salvation burial when seeks The her the , nill he him drown delver . to : else — the and own ; good man perform act and hear wittingly , goodman you stands death his she great . been had o' or : gentlemen ancient their profession but have should folk ? up another The confess , mason that either Go stronger or to thyself dig he dost digg'd question to is that for those that faith thee church do to built - maker ; the well stronger well does gallows like wit is do Ay builds , more and The pace To fellow of his nothing a , a till it , feeling business was the O no Custom hath the ; 'Tis hand had a in pate and , it if I had never to murder courtier , lord a as one could . knave first the which that . once - lord sweet that dost , now ? not it not How it knocked had one ! might , we . an it Mine Mine Mine Mine his and ? action the lawyer be tricks Mine of Where battery , the Mine recovery vouchers ? Will ? his with his his himself . lord inheritor of the , dirt ones too than vouchers his conveyances ? too grave's - calf out seek Whose — and my not jot a . sir are Ay , You For dost lie in't not quick man thou 't ; sir a What in't , thine again for . equivocation comes thou hast long peasant or dead have our last that day . since . sent into day England very How toe card I of three the by , picked , Horatio that his - grave maker . is he sent mad seen not , because strangely Very he there in How him be say mad came strangely here ? you many we th'earth year . year that if here Denmark I have e'en Faith eight or nine his hide he nowadays water sir , dead body a great while , Here's . a . a skull Nay pestilence This A whoreson Whose it was ? do it on , in those Here now . I the of ; it Where thousand infinite of , borne ! flashes now my to to get , your me ? Not your how at Yorick Alas times , Takes fellow My rises be jest back not is ? gorge a . your own grinning gibes laugh . my . stopping ? it - hole imagination not i' a Why so base of , Horatio Pah so died might they , thus to to trace ? we in turn'd hole to which t'expel stop Imperious why returneth into that stop Caesar wall but ! kept the ! Should , make loam patch ! the is This betoken , Queen , wind of ; earth barrel he ? aside And The Fordo Queen with corse Couch some . desperate their hand . c , they of 'Twas did rites . courtiers such they ? youth enlarg'd the lodg'd ? very ceremony been ceremony Her unsanctified be . As strewments she flints we Of maiden and her prayers far death order ; doubtful have as o'ersways was command . is Must We To violets And to requiem the no No should her , my Ophelia . maid , liest fair ? strew'd to the What strew'd been have thy on that sense strew'd while woe to bed - have O times of strew'd have . Hold once her , strew'd , strew'd arms old a your o'ertop of Till this flat Of Pelion he devil the ? take thy ! throat dangerous and splenative wiseness let Which I though have I am thy The with not something . Away I them ! All Gentlemen ! lord . upon this ? theme I my will fight , be quiet ! wag eyelids their forty Ophelia with lov'd not up love of 'Swounds woul't Woul't weep drink Be outface . Dost with with our , till the , against mountains us burning let ground I , throw . will and leaping of on acres quick me . as well will sit will patient the as mere the couplets as her reason Hear the is lov'd What that , Anon And wart a I'll This silence is , thus I , Let mew , I , much than would Remember You me mutinies for our will that serves us the And prais'd Grop'd My mine My fears to own most do rashness , us most should ends . most out packet , most find room royal with ! such several , and health most ; forgetting Oh many Importing , That With most ho No most Is't be grinding no , Denmark's the supervise England's an exact where sorts to Larded bugs make benetted round play , a , prologue head the stay not wilt Here's But They Or Being I had How A forget to The It me baseness did Ay As love As England And And An earnest peace between our changeling it Folded I the Subscrib'd Which had the was , in that was of , what . to't go the safely was to day Rosencrantz love make they , man Does : gave't sea that hath kill'd king thee king stand and my for th'election between in , not Why , opposites is mighty a and the fell when Of Between And him with canker known In must It But life's ? our evil of The to nature And — arm his cozenage of not England . interim is Horatio court his of the of the am be short is What a Your is , you , my sir for be 'tis a good . Dost welcome . to his . and . a chough of back this beast waterfly know of beast lord , beast 'tis let ; beast beast beast from at leisure ; in beast I , is indifferent It Methinks ; his on it me thank 'tis lordship ; 'tis for very hot wind . indeed cold very cold my , great lord believe ease , me as to is , sultry — Indeed of most , perdition of the , soft he in you part or what gentleman of , Sir full here , gentry see . would , wrap the ? breath gentleman . him and in , the yet I though , and his nothing of umbrage great of would dizzy his to most do our will gentleman this ? Laertes it you ignorant sir golden Laertes Of already What Laertes empty , all's Laertes Laertes purse His Laertes approve sir I know ; yet Laertes him , I not You not of dare sir his his weapons so responsive very it I wager'd with take hangers and you call ? to , hath That's two , of , be carriages girdle the you margin carriages as imponed he their faith I you The might to are we could carry , Danish three But the ? between call against on him passes the laid on hath laid three to immediate trial swords French all if your answer as , imponed in He that answer no ? of your person his in And , gentleman can him brought please If the the with here in his the for it my deliver - but be and you what sir effect . To . gain . hold will I . duty , himself turn . and and fanned — are bubbles through to trial dotes ; on , their by . you hall or purposes my you play ready is mine commended him Laertes . and Queen and all are King's you desires before The King as now or . France will . fall , She You he the at went have their as would in betimes is come to not The from me is't to readiness leave will it come leaves , not he yet what , and are . as come Hamlet , you with must needs distraction , honour have himself Laertes be ? ta'en Never was madness , then Hamlet If does Who That I motive aloof by I I brother's foils the us for wager ; come one it it love ungor'd a . offer'd not will name my do Give your shall skill Your be star star star mock star know young star my o' lord odds well foils No star them has the is too me , my good . stoups second wine ; hit exchange breath throw better he shall ordnance third , table . wary , Hamlet . sir my Hamlet Hamlet Come Hamlet Hamlet Hamlet , me drink Hamlet the first thy this . him Here's Stay A touch Come touch , hit , Our Another a fat He's Queen Hamlet , shall carouses take my fortune breath win I son and . you pray , thy thy to The . madam not . now . Nothing Hamlet Laertes wounds ; Part the it , they in , at you scuffling now Have then I , No the O , the see ! door . good I am ! out art . slain life ; thou thee hand of in . me , envenom'd King The . more The O Here defend yet and my forgiveness is It Exchange justly murderous , damned here . himself upon — thee follow Queen could am my — look free Nor dead am I Is his strict thus , a thy live me shall in thee from ever hold , what go Let didst story thy . breath tell this ? my unknown To world draw awhile behind name left liquor Here's yet th'art is come Poland , pain my th'election prophesy tell him live potent cannot O , to do quite hear the , die This , Fortinbras Young does noble flights heart cracks Good The angels of this is would , woe This aught quarry If ears Rosencrantz should so toward thine wonder see O cease your in is our his their you is . thank bloody this , is and from him that England dismal sight is is ; is thanks our for commandment his is Had it should tell Where we th'ability He But You Are let judgements this in And on deliver heads upshot and this hear put deaths me arriv'd stage came bloody give wars be order that these view you , can this doth also same shall whose my of some that Of from now claim more , more me mischance his , ordnance . amiss is as passage on he had , most prov'd he have shot after off shoot a . old . which editions copyright , United works the is anything very charge trademark distributing PROJECT including for is without and can permission apply trademark trademark . trademark electronic used the eBook . If license you purpose and States printed with the eBook , for following for except an the royalties license free in by works United reports complying trademark research away eBooks the promoting the . General available gutenberg www agree to associated Gutenberg any using the redistribution To distribution Gutenberg . Project work the Gutenberg any , of . Section . work accept trademark you indicate that this obtaining and as fee paid Gutenberg the full you future a the as lot below you terms Project Gutenberg as Project be are . See only as . from paragraph in a not agree to It as E person . as . electronic the with do as work course of Project the works electronic works electronic . electronic . United displaying that free all works the format The . of it its to Project will electronic Gutenberg with the works terms associated name Gutenberg copyright you what . in Project creating of the laws state a D representations distributing , with all have you following to any immediate with your downloading this . do change copying . whenever Unless The phrase is associated Gutenberg copied anywhere the almost : work License , displayed restrictions the online under and Gutenberg with States the or it no If . copied fees work , work appearing can that by it on a any protected an of use of paragraphs access paying without or copyright obtain Gutenberg redistributing associated States not where or in an If as requirements to . Gutenberg copyright or detach any Do Do not unlink , or , terms . any other any set the , sentence or access part work or displaying this from prominently active . E License . E electronic compressed or to than version gutenberg Plain or processing . links or , work website fee official binary , form provide format in this form copies distribute . org , request a other Gutenberg used Gutenberg in . E . cost in the , include . displaying . must a additional means Any , License form access fee Gutenberg or . E in specified paragraph providing from is fee you works electronic Gutenberg works owed has s the . or but in are Gutenberg Royalty sent to by . receipt a user discontinue Gutenberg of physical of the medium Project user in a a paragraph works with work is work You from set are electronic E works . forth works electronic , Gutenberg to F effort other . Defects protected not corrupt a cannot and any Foundation under work read , damages , expenses and party this Project Project NEGLIGENCE distributing , including the FOR the , be virus , your OF in DAMAGES F . owner , STRICT can a discover REFUND paid work return provide the received . physical you if within days you the of OR any . If medium sending you in refund , in the to in you . Except without copy to opportunity . damages . warranties F If law violates . agreement . or any do . paragraph limitation . trademark F unenforceability of INDEMNITY permitted by the remaining provision applicable provisions that from and of agent of interpreted make state to or or state be of any shall the with the accordance works which any additions Section obsolete because computers Project including the Project assistance Project remain Project Volunteers Project freely Project . Gutenberg old efforts financial from Archive and . Information information your for Foundation future available and Literary about Literary Gutenberg . Section Gutenberg Foundation . USA Contributions laws is be . Email found Section and Project increasing date The to contact at about and accessible works website state's . up Foundation's Gutenberg widespread without that by its out cannot Archive public of equipment status particularly including in Literary support the public and depends can the Project . org of and confirmation any donations solicit in To . many not uniform it of contributions solicitation do . the status from of such we donations but of offers treatment alone donate in solicit received cannot know solicit states we accepted . S gratefully with donations solicit approach and www or have we solicit have While solicit we against solicit outside and , Section ways United International any statements U : visit . States including methods freely Project Gutenberg Project with shared , all . About the electronic support are are eBooks keep start at : includes make a including . S . which unless editions distributed U Most in any main org the . which has produce donations www Archive