there ? and unfold yourself . Barnardo the carefully most twelve thee come struck much thanks I my watch meet you them ground this to hear Friends And I I Barnardo , Horatio , honest has you the Give , Holla piece is what Welcome good . again of tonight of us this night it apparition this again watch I , Welcome has will this dreaded have the approve to minutes twice sight and 'twill . have to come not . appear of westward that part the heaven myself pole this course it Peace Had figure where beating break same The star night bell comes that's Horatio . it King it and . wonder would spoke . Horatio . it Horatio , night of charge . I offended , it is march It By the that warlike ! 'Tis gone , See , something more ! answer look . tremble might own art it Is was the Norway . on in an angry had on when armour King this not When He smote twice stalk In martial what Thus the in , gross , the Sunday with me inform from sweaty ? the haste day last , King , Hamlet pride Norway us valiant our world most by those heraldry a known ; a by Fortinbras , King which a our the which by his , which him lands competent , Fortinbras , cov'nant young design'd full as of inheritance To gaged Was he And Of Shark'd in As it to recover a That Hath Comes That watch watch most the A little stood watch the Julius of Rome , sheeted mightiest palmy watch that it through ere gibber in and Roman and watch and Disasters doomsday watch with to of star blood fell , dead ; demonstrated voice done to thy me , to me , Lo earth and climatures to harbingers As heaven still the omen , death , speak me speak in and womb uphoarded Marcellus it speak 'Tis speak ! here speak gone ! speak it 'Tis wrong it malicious , air mockery crew . thing a like , when to speak a it fearful And cock Doth in Whether Some Wherein of takes No fairy so and , heard hallow'd wholesome nor are bird on crowing is birth 'gainst of that all no hath then singeth dawning no , spirit celebrated dare night is The This Break I So Walks we us spirit But dew the , look shall I in do't you , Hamlet for , shall our Unto needful Do , we memory hearts of dear that grief , green Yet we with in , and in think now warlike weighing funeral equal to With With Together far hath our Have Therefore Th'imperial In mirth Taken better hath Importing be fail'd to with brother and the much ourself business for time , To further To Who impotent , uncle , to proportions that are suppress . writ , scarcely , this his nephew's , and rid young have is gait and : further no and - here we you to than old the all Norway scope . the to to , of Dread Your favour the not Denmark native offer What speak of us told You shall Than The The head I my in I return , to thy heart , at ; wrung seal'd I you petition , thy be go consent my says last slow Polonius and France pardon son my thine , than less hang still much colour vailed too i' and cast , look Do Thou Seek know'st so Good let And Passing 'tis common through Hamlet eye not thine noble for father it so thy , thee ; is , it madam nature to with mother , the of river the These . passeth might ; which grief , not , play suits man that me haviour of moods , actions denote fruitful seem , in father for But , to term a father some . condolement obsequious lost To 'Tis sweet give In do In a unfortified It shows understanding stubbornness obstinate lost filial , and in trappings the To is vulgar heart Why it A That But , incorrect a As To heart the This be first reason death till most An Take You impart dearest less immediate , must unprevailing . most , woe for nobility , love of bears For your . father the It is going that Than courtier us lose , with in all my ; best obey prayers her Our pray chiefest Let cousin comfort and of and cheer I not thee you . today shall in ; the rouse speaking Sits as gentle No smiling Re O Be And the great and that - me to 'gainst Or heaven the . earthly Everlasting solid had O God ! garden nature two not in world , and not O this an it nay — seed stale slaughter 'tis should rank of . uses things That satyr might her what Possess Hyperion excellent a ; much to this ! come was to the roughly , appetite , thy those poor she , father's Why my ere she fed remember , Let Frailty mourn'd have Niobe Would My Frailty Frailty By me I if As Frailty it With A Frailty . married discourse of mine father post Frailty , tears to Frailty , uncle wants with unrighteous her of . that beast I break is married dexterity for glad or see I to am , It Had left yet the such my Hail lordship ! must it cannot come . tongue forget : friend Wittenberg : you , lord so ear are drink to is I it shall I make truster . But I came do , not mother's father's funeral . student - my furnish I thrift it me fellow ere you your me teach lord me think was I prithee my me me me saw a was my In Where me , him for again king was take I a in goodly . like saw your King him look , once He man upon This marvel , admiration witness ear the With your My to let had , figure the watch , they father gentlemen these on of - them , march walk'd , to This , of the impart with , and third they speak not thing , In truncheon's to oppress'd fear with pie your thrice - cap and surprised like them night your true in me time good , kept , word . are ? we it did speak you Form And Where as These apparition , the But , hands lord My , the it 'Tis I then from shrunk like it , not made But lifted think To . methought , but , of MARCELLUS do Indeed know our 'tis in ; know know know ? head to ? toe know my say BARNARDO . me ? know face know . more Nay Most his I constantly there ? been It , haste I it have much Stay'd you very BARNARDO . no . longer like long his ? father's 'twill will I I it your in peace . this sight . should , fare eleven shall , So you . twelve your to visit I'll 'twixt you to mine spirit And you me hitherto , and ye still well farewell ; foul night would my Though And assistant , eyes rise ! well not deeds to embark'd winds . hear from you that ? nature favour the permanent and The not and a his give . so No youth perfume For thews youth In . soil loves mind this youth Perhaps nor cautel must temple you fear own youth ; his doth no more youth but it does and youth will as for on of unvalu'd to the but more and wide And virtue greatness For His The Grows now he weigh'd of crescent as grow soul now besmirch , not : state circumscrib'd be yielding if his health of whole depends , so so ; so that he choice says so Denmark , you may sustain . no goes honour your , so danger shot , moon so prodigal and of which songs ; so loss of my dear affection enough , your desire sister to beauty maid in you it , of The keep itself she If Out the before are . But good heaven libertine treads ; blessing my , your of grace ; shame . in steel of means vulgar tried ; Costly each habit censure thine quarrel ; unfledg'd thy do Bear't man's thy Give Of thou thou familiar any character Nor Are And But each not thy soul new And For of they a a select and rich express'd fancy as Take And the For oft dulls : all borrowing apparel best and self night season take be my : canst This invites Most do you humbly it loan itself both the , my thine edge husbandry of be then follow as the to this ; Farewell I go Ophelia have to well . thee in . tend my , Farewell And So please If 'Tis told Given that do it You you do Marry I you , lord thus — he , honourable importun'd fashion ; go . me tenders yourself yourself baby I what Tender tender of me a . phrase you'll In Running Or Which hath Lends Even My hath fashion almost call , to of vows his With Ay the tongue burns holy may Giving the The to of his for investments show implorators vows dye that believe I not or slander terms , with give plain beguile like of which unholy they , walk , I . ways . cold . it air . I . obey you charge think it lacks hour a ; very near twelve now What nipping is It I held It . No does Wherein the it , is of to lord my swaggering drains Keeps doth , and tonight spirit this drum custom of ? is't ; marry Ay kettle Is it . pledge a And as And wassail he - his draughts a is custom here observance it am I , of , as pure — one star as they livery particular noble . take dram of corruption ! scandal substance man The undergo , death tell , Hamlet , shape from goblin , damn'd hell ! answer but jaws mean , moon of nature , souls ? do ? desire it disposition our Wherefore courteous . follow . lord will my no by you to alone . it ; I that my cliff sea the of flood it follow I'll as can at immortal life should what my what , set Do the fear pin's it be not do for Being my very Without . it desperation every fathoms many And on It That beetles o'er his some into place The Go not You , go , follow I'll beneath into hears so shall ; shall off rul'd Hold Nemean artery cries me body . nerve . lets out Unhand Go ! I'll ghost , of on him fit not follow imagination to this . come obey ? no , flames myself . ghost tormenting is almost I Mark sulph'rous render Alas not To Must I am What am thy to unfold serious , fires in I my to walk days - whose lightest , am , spheres young to locks start freeze prison part from stars secrets a tale ; unfold soul combined on that term a burnt And tell purg'd and the away of like quills flesh Are , father must fretful the eternal particular thy eyes each and ! thy most ! murder list blazon dear ! swift revenge I thoughts strange , that meditation most most sweep I or apt than fat with , hear Lethe the Is given not rots that forged know stung Rankly The abus'd my noble thou in wharf Hamlet orchard weed sleeping . thou ; but a duller 'Tis serpent A his his With Ay So Hamlet me his whose to of O That went , his what — gifts won love hand whose wretch made to his . hand a most But it mine his angel were will link'd bed . celestial , dignity mov'd ; decline there to ! seduce The her seeming of Upon a Brief soft ! though court in a the within the of . prey lewdness lust So on scent my , distilment with whose a custom my always methinks be hour secure of the porches quicksilver of enmity ears of into droppings So did . about loathsome bark'd smooth instant blood . and crust sin unanel'd disappointed in crown lazar And curd like , my , I of , made my With eager sudden and vigour it it ; mine : dispatch'd hand ; my my of at once not be well thy to bosom his the Fare her let damned Denmark act bed bear of ! most . be incest soul horrible ! it thee nature hast the for ; thorns mother and To adieu pale her . earth not Hold else , once at her leave fire . instant ? thee thee memory ; heart , O stiffly ghost distracted Yea All And and matter volume of shall all , grow , heaven hell , saws That youth baser with O commandment , all observation all from this In I'll bear Ay thou poor book , villain thy the villain there may is , It , it , am , 'Adieu sworn't remember . MARCELLUS , are have and . down brain , a Denmark my to ; ' ! villain , in be you . him be ho Within Within adieu . lord , Lord Heaven ho Not say he's ne'er HORATIO But Ay ghost There , you then , by and heaven , my arrant in all . MARCELLUS lord . this circumstance at all , grave and ; the you ; every it I as as but Such These are Yes is O'ermaster't much And As you are Give Never is't me not . HORATIO we MARCELLUS what , In Nor I sword my Upon sworn faith . Cries upon boy , on my Never et to lay ubique Hic my my Never , worthy A Well my old said my my Than There And are as dreamt or your philosophy earth it wondrous is . Beneath pioner Once more work , phrase mercy But strange . to note . not to , might' they we , shall if need if , antic 'There , and help ; gentlemen you to you is as us lack your , willing God And The May With so my t'express what shall still is . and a all poor I time I of born , ever That was , money , these my will do Give and Reynaldo of are . Look in , at drift touch will ; and nearer . it ; you where finding they Paris come son demands distant you this , friends , keep you encompassment this do — may there he's his father and well ' marry and . of rank ; so , so ; incontinency on him the charge him You . that season it ; faults of blood ? you , this know warrant i' you you th' . that , drift here's a Mark thing these believe you I sir slight soil'd , seen in , crimes working you of on would him sullies you little converse prenominate sound you be ; ' , in the . you ' He sir to you so According or with breathe guilty of or the And He sir The youth you leave ? Where . to say this was , Very good ; and mass By At , the I the then Or the 'closes about — then What to the the the And Your the in such enter brothel bait Shall son by indirections and of or falling saw him a out house reach of find do There was : with lecture of of . bias ; not you yourself lord And Observe ? so , now , lord let him ply his music Farewell I as what , Ungart'red My , been the sewing was with , other , chamber unbrac'd all , his knees loosed do I ? comes of me but been piteous in stockings to knocking horrors he as speak To My lord , And his by me the wrist of all , said he the it such other hand perusal Long little — a head of his o'er shaking and profound and my arm brow face of . thus rais'd his thrice And And went without me bulk , stay'd go the , King . eyes his he his turn'd help me , shoulder over done piteous up shatter his down their light itself sorry , of did , late — denied of will very my did His That am I lord his to as heaven words under you and made hath that with but him will property as natures ; repel wreck thee to beshrew opinions age we proper . fear'd better our than which , hate younger our in for to kept utter ourselves , and did my jealousy trifle judgement ourselves ! sort to to ourselves love . to and ourselves the , ourselves Come , go ourselves Guildenstern you it should the so use Rosencrantz did to ; nor it thus himself up humour court here entreat with see , heard man be him , put hath , both of it nor So his More That us occasion your youth days of much of you since , So aught from , much Some gentlemen whom fits Your As visitation us show Put , To sovereign give our ourselves dread pleasures power shall of gentry your remembrance such our awhile , hope , king's a more into . the your here To , Rosencrantz And Heavens Pleasant our make and changed I And much Ay Th'ambassadors from joyfully the been Thou , Have my it Both to hath do lunacy I — not think my duty and — the do Hunts And As to I to that , that do Hamlet's admittance of or so this policy long , that bring that ; of news My Thyself head I doubt father's Well His Say Upon our fair , Most Welcome , Voltemand , His be a against in look'd , his rebuke falsely ; Fortinbras Makes give old vow from he borne which him Gives And So levied his an To three Receives On Whereon it might your As On and Through That such regards upon consider'd our and enterprise this for of are therein safety down set well time well business . home . feast wit , mad . time of and , is , is , mad madness ? true but else go less at . foolish 'tis A . this . Perpend . effect this of use no art for it pity let 'tis , mad I , is Madam he Or For this find , rather her me have it farewell And But To , a vile gather and this given Who in remains cause have of by she most Ophelia vile . phrase , Now and obedience idol shall beautified 'beautified' — a is Hamlet awhile the Doubt Good dear Doubt But that never at thee I numbers O these given hath I would fain prove perceiv'd daughter heart upon this look'd Or What Or Or it so When If is should lock herself . she , she , receive from short took — And , think , resort my a he . raves by this ? very , you think we and and be likely and . and , declension and and that otherwise , so I it walks in he we try lobby the loose daughter her not , indeed hid he sometimes Here does my an he reason a then to him arras , for and try . reading away both Lord good my presently does How you Do Excellent , Well know God me Not well a picked man to be one not a look dog , have may ? Aside . conceive he that by you at And I'll in a Conception my I daughter i' th' sun . youth said again I . is my you ? who slave ; have sir All old not backward I , am to be should . hams gum tree ; sir ; the , my yet , How lord Aside I him most humbly hits on of . air often Into the out out of air grave happiness that prosperously , my life These You Fare you take except sir To seek to Polonius the Lord . God , do - earth . Ah ? very happy is true most her the news , her about news parts secret the news news there news are the Then one news so news good or your mind a . dreams bad dream . the substance . very the king of but airy bodies , beggars hold to th' reason and with I beaten in to speak such matter . Then Shall we wait you , friendship , visit the am , I ? dear justly your own inclining are poor in dear ; my and have sent . is you rights our of could for craft there the sent were whether ? modesties proposer hold . prevent for moult my anticipation were , shall not earth , and so King , goes . off eye my to seems indeed know the wherefore ; tell your but goodly most exercises I canopy of apprehension in Man your by ? dust man My paragon delights animals man , angel , in a What firmament appears man faculties other , no man this form of and , man are man delight coming , if you you offer and end foil Majesty ; the and entertainment way his them in use shall , be to they whose humorous ? it they travel was both ? followed indeed , did I comes so , Do ; but the there is sir , and , late in of fashion the on , many thither are ? writers common to succession and a to cuffs in money not is say . How dare call quills are against the sides ; for the was and There player nation holds the of his and ? much , O they there , fifty make very not is Gentlemen welcome lest , outward welcome , should of appurtenance this fairly mad Guildenstern see there time sir : for a Rome an . was , buzz actor 'twas . You . you my . you When his are actors , pastoral best pastoral , actors the world , nor , pastoral - liberty , he which Jephthah O heavy too , be cannot , daughter judge 'One , Jephthah not i' my , my follows lord , by lot , then pass the first The good , masters . last and welcome It , thee you piece are , a all uncurrent , By'r Com'st the lady by last of . We'll welcome We'll me once the speak above not caviare whose play author the matter . I of was chiefly was was especially . much , was loved where begin very he is was Pyrrhus was couched , whose begins see . thereabout it and One method fine , the honest let me speaks this with If , foot smear'd complexion Head , more , tyrannous and in the wrath a parching the . o'ersized carbuncles proceed with you . good hellish good strikes wide , sword , accent , Pyrrhus he , whiff to at the feel to , Rebellious to Pyrrhus Takes never Mars's armour sets less remorse , Priam . Pyrrhus' for forg'd the region vengeance And Aroused hush the him so after a hammers pause , eterne proof Pyrrhus' , speechless often , the the dreadful - say heaven , good that the threat'ning upon clout tongue would have of did themselves with make malicious sport , then limbs of at . the passion in move of his colour his has not turn'd sword , speak thee the sword players see sword you used sword , well well sword sword After 'scape man ; this brief bad . than live you their the time while have a better use after , sirs Can of , of some could not speech a insert in't not not . not not not I . player not here ; aspect visage his all monstrous and ye this dream of to am so his , working conceit his That the should Had he For him , function in's distraction wan'd cue stage horrid appal the , I indeed speech , free Yet the , peak ears and ear , ignorant eyes of guilty He Hecuba Make have ? the The dull and can faculties Confound the mad - property dreams was villain and lungs all Bloody , kites villain villain kindless most This ! of Oh . fatted should what I to son treacherous offal vengeance am the unpack , Foh a my like upon't ! brain at heard and very ! drab heart revenge , like - a fall A That Have About Must Prompted For murder Play mine something uncle to devil If he observe I'll these looks blench I my and yea , such and hath I'll I'll I'll I'll King the grounds , perhaps I'll thing . I'll days lunacy distracted himself ? quiet confusion circumstance , of of by you him so he all turbulent on . a receive him true you well bring a him state keeps ? disposition of his his of but our . reply to in , question free him pastime him . out these Of are they to , play ; him a further inclin'd doth the me ; true to see it so my , shall Gertrude have , 'twere sent for , their him by may We And If't gather so Will Her he Sweet closely Affront father of encounter that myself th'affliction . you suffers shall part obey him both , Madam I obey you walk . obey Read , Gracious To — may colour obey in devotion's obey sugar obey obey , this you please this on exercise to with helps painted that the with art it word my lord . conscience . withdraw , troubles to we a 'tis sleep a ache ; Whether , or arms end take by to and to For When we That who sleep Must oppressor's insolence whips wrong bear give The whips For whips whips whips pangs whips whips my a , well well receive pray you No , I That honour'd Rich you Are you if That Could , my for to likeness it You Indeed , my relish it of to . shall honest we have proof , me ; more deceived breeder me my at them do of none shape me of . I ? have time I proud , I or earth between thy ways to such and to than beck , Go ? but . of make him , powers heavenly nunnery dost as O as pure give him I'll farewell well enough . snow know a face and lisp to fool of make your have you , to what soldier's and fashion all of The The suck'd of quite and vows , most unmatch'd Blasted sweet see bells the noble ecstasy and music most quite , sovereign tune of blown and , most , most way lack'd though most form in brood and the most his a tend little most see is seen O feature of most I affections . melancholy the danger in quick which to prevent shall speed : to tribute , What . well variable With Haply of But commencement himself and yet of do It Sprung You The neglected love after Lord origin tell How think on't heart all it from not you if To Of England their his must find or shall ones as , as so go . him the mouth I speech , hand and a beget , pronounced air and , to torrent trippingly , had who , tear the a me to passion the Termagant it the the playing of purpose to the , not ; neither to action the tame the from is overdone now body was , out Herods a . Herod and virtue a whole ; of praise pressure Now , hold form make censure neither nor Nature's pagan of well have us those play indifferently men so made humanity journeymen others man having had let for on them reform'd , I hope set have . For them to . that there of necessary some is themselves Bid hasten them presently that of ? service at ho Horatio thee the poor be , pregnant And feed No To Where my dear of for mistress hinges of hast Give for please , pipe are passion's ay she , thanks all , and are man him , this heart . of near in my much the King of heart well . play of told uncle very comes the stithy my . a Do It I In of seeming both rivet our his will to heedful . play is . playing theft soul thy his speech foul , idle . capons words . say ; Hamlet Polonius eat the air are i' mine once so . you , was enact kill'd ready so ? killed a patience there . calf stay players lord hither Come Lady To mean I the meant meant think I Do Ay , lord country my lord ? meant . my You meant my . meant What looks a to meant is are cheerfully , twice Who how my maker 'tis jig , Nay sables Nay there's he great man's die two horse - must ! churches , 'For is epitaph memory with , on the , lady . your only mother ago , two Then But O and him down comes a a He he bank and he O or outlive months , let hobby Queen makes seeing Queen with it , four is . Queen ' year not suffer forgotten else takes . a half then ; shall for fellow in comes King's , Anon him pours finds some . end accepts , his ? it mallecho is ; my What The The returns with kisses him three asleep , lament woos takes know fellow this Belike Marry the this imports the : show this means this tell miching by that they shame to us what . all . what to what shall what show you'll We or tell , what are I'll naught and , you Here stooping him not it what You you the . what lord , play ? of tragedy your to this times salt Full 'Tis As my world our journeys Hymen ground sacred moons dozen But love Make So . you women's extremity former been , bands may o'er are your , holds nothing must , are littlest proof love and it . be Yet from I distrust . love and , count ere sick hath you so late , know grows behind , to so , world shortly too is quantity lord my , aught fear or siz'd is as And In my great , functions thee love what little is great grow , love , love . let in accurst breast : do and , husband , My be who my ! of be but none move wormwood the rest first confound I kill husband that . dead speak break ; oft now but the kill'd . wed Such None In The think determine the birth fall To ourselves passion that on validity memory we you bed . in , tree . strange joy slender 'tis else either , fortune fortune love change fortunes favourite , of mark or either aye , revels a love to what necessary either This 'tis And either The who And The either Whether For Grief should either own grief most flies , begun contrary overthrown of run , friend try , his hollow us , to enemies doth enemy . dead , give thoughts wilt their fates and That Our anchor's would But Nor thoughts no thy ends food my thou ours are Our Meet grow dull deeply sleep should . hence , and it , it strife . lasting . play . The O , lady , Madam Have , you argument , the jest the : th' in't Is jest no ? what methinks there no i' world ? the you 'tis is Lucianus my touches not Let . name piece our are between interpret . the chorus and You have a Gonzago how . in anon ; call This Tropically nephew see the puppets . are keen souls ; your good wince gall'd jade This , my dallying , to for . leave bellow damnable my , Begin and seeing thy creature else Come faces you . begin It would Still , hands mixture natural magic and fit murderer a drugs drugs the With drugs written estate choice wife see . drugs th'garden , drugs him wholesome thrice of name's . drugs King is how Gonzago ? Italian His You , let my while must , lord How The some , o'er light the Give Why For Would feathers runs must , lights . strucken forest cry . Damon share , O himself Of Half dear here of whole dost thou turn the world , very very . was — word the take . thousand Didst have A , I'll might This one , and dismantled now reigns pound a for ? of note well Very good Come the , Horatio O king music lord Come some , Ah Upon very not . perdie comedy him belike vouchsafe me recorders with word music a he like not — sir With in , Is , frame . into choler to plunge this to more discourse my from mother most you . pronounce and me . purgation tame , The doctor , my I return and business my Queen , are not the , right will be your . sent of I am You courtesy a your me wholesome lord this great of cannot is to to you please make a command the Sir pardon not make answer breed your Make Therefore thus can says , Then son she no at can O speak wonderful She that , stonish in obey , your wholesome shall you more so a heels behaviour We shall do And to Good door advancement the you voice do your your cause these You pickers the — To withdraw do , musty toil the to friend the King ? is your distemper of I , Let wind my , one grows too lack . something into understand me grass . of do as lying no Believe as give breath I cannot these But how , command you me ; my compass look , mystery and seem to to any skill . make you harmony , what upon me you do 'Sblood would with . though I this think to , you , little out the pluck my lowest cannot almost is . shape you me ? Call sir God the . a whale say . and fool They by to like a . a Very by mother churchyards very said and By is do look lose not Soft now I time the the to : ever hot bosom none . and , The I How give , her thy , to Nero of , she this soul my seals them tongue speak Let Would O in To him he commission will it prepare along Therefore . range nor stands you , you endure with , bodies many safe upon many of Out We holy and keep live That To will those religious is , Majesty bound falls consequence thousand highest mount a depend more rest and gulf is like ; summit Fix'd not alone upon itself That What's Did Arm the Attends Each mortis'd To The For you pray put small annexment with a speedy this - us put . groan general put to you will I , 'Tis as the process . put now goes and free . mother's to I'll convey haste his tax put put . to go you partial audience warrant going , the arras more I'll was well know heaven — not sharp inclination My , like brother's the Though a be ! is neglect guilt as , can bound the cursed shall brother's mercy begin as strong first , serves heavens sweet ? this blood , intent I man pause than as enough with , to where What double in Whereto , form , fall twofold of of ! prayer itself justice world and retain shove wicked ; prize compell'd up look what my am did pardon'd mine effects one cannot fault My In out And hand currents which corrupted . murder , th'offence own may the crown My , in give O soul ! state , knees Be To to the oft Yet what Even But of What . and , then one black as repent not rests there nature true when can . can forehead teeth angels engag'd Bow with the now goes is . to ! babe bosom be strings - that may All as more stubborn , my do pat he he to scann'd that villain , this That so it am now his his took . And I I villain I And the And and With To He how But heavy him who as full and do son , Up drunk th'incestuous swearing ; relish gaming , has his that , At , When sword is take in him with purging thou his passage soul in ; pleasure of a for more hent horrid or as may of My . may . come My his And Much never to heaven remain advances . with home . father mother thou , have hast wicked tongue the what's Mother you an much offended . you , You Come you and sit not go You Nay And , Where , come till I you part up you shall glass you of not help dead ? A help help , Nay . hast , what me I what kill A As Ay As wretched Thou king a rash and bad king O a deed bloody for , took . thee wringing let it damned If Calls From blurs That And blister as very solidity . The . contraction Heaven's compound soul of Yea roars Is That A every did seem assurance a mountain love blood motion was madness ecstacy some you - was't ? at all blind devil thrall'd sure but and what judgement not that have sense choice so would err sight sans hoodman What spots soul . doth will no as ardour fire . shame , charge bones of , grained . of bed , of of tithe ; part twentieth not precedent cutpurse of from a king shreds his precious the of diadem in shelf . mine Hamlet the villain and the vice ! stole the and the pocket the No A the with gracious chide command lets by ? go . visitation blunted her weakest to Speak is is't your your the Alas you That , incorporal sleeping the hairs end like flame look distemper thy how . do you Do action you to do blood ? have I perchance for look . this ! portal ecstasy of to the It temperately . healthful yours doth ! Bring - re will Mother me . is ; music Ecstasy utter'd for film , skin corruption but your Infects And make , Yea O That habits to a He aptly that next That To a the almost abstinence the are of beg a I'll blessing repent a but ; with this , a him him a be their . must begins word What , bloat no King a with your you pair reechy that bed do : behind . good , do ? means tempt this madness you fair from despite queen hide ? good not am a to ravel 'Twere . essentially , on the basket the like in your I words thou Let Be And When This one lug the good , still most Is now was in to , sir . into set night man Mother matter must You , lord this on 'tis . mother . fit contend , his I little while . a Hamlet when ? what have ? the Mad as the arras had us O heavy this And This And speak closet go in out hence mother's hath you fair hence And hence , hence And hence Whose level o'er done both so to the cannon hence as And call Transports let them know call , call up we'll . I call what we his dismay miss of and call ! name call . call Hamlet come 'tis lord with , whereto . it here GUILDENSTERN ! Hamlet , the ? thence take may chapel . Besides countenance , King's sir you me for the up soaks do what corner again it my understand you squeezing swallowed like , am must you I lord , is nothing body How have seek is to the , but loose on their weigh'd , reliev'd , from get bestow'd him . is he body at not ? What are pause desperate Diseases . sudden sending Deliberate By now How the , lord Now , supper ? Polonius in before guarded Guildenstern him Bring my Bring . supper At but him to lean your and man may creatures e'en , at but the that dost may beggar ? a of eat alas That's . Alas that hath fish with worm fish What thou mean of by fed . To some you th'other i' this heaven Send , will He The fiery . done Therefore the hence , thyself send thee ; everything , tend With which thou deed Hamlet For Th'associates , But For Ay it is So that if . mother Good . purposes England . for . England ; seal'd make and aboard haste hence Come . man father and mother with him Pray sword and — and red , speed is looks full awe . free coldly thy mayst it he , at , ne'er were . of in Till joys me . Majesty kingdom his let him in so my , on lord ? sir are of sir Poland sir whose powers , sir Norway , of , Poland Fortinbras ? frontier . it Or the main of ; it . farm name addition for Truly That five Nor will it , in to the never it is already will Polack sold or would I to of question A Why , rate ranker Two not is That twenty and the and wealth before little my , you cause shows humbly you sir without of I straight go . a against of no more . is lord sir me market do ? Go with be Looking Sure but spur us oblivion Bestial To that thinking Why yet I live to say — but craven Now or , not and capability That and us , parts this hath on reason th'event , What ? gross such and earth mass tender , do , me , mortal mouths , with invisible puff'd exhort prince , which Of , army will coward and , ever cause what . without fortune Exposing by as ambition dare , then to Rightly , quarrel eggshell an at is to But To That a all death thousand men , plot a cause and beds fantasy a my of have let That to Whereon graves , the to tomb , the enough O bloody be try time fight my , cannot , blood trick cannot . will cannot She cannot ? be cannot not cannot , hears her nothing things . distract be have father speech it they might fit the but at straws , hems her , half Yet would as botch hearers carry Spurns There's Which And The the she minds may , gestures be for as artless jealousy is . great guilt spilt some sin's spills toy So is . true should , seems It Each Where By his you , pray this mark imports ? How How , Alas I your true ? hat what , lady , sandal shoon . you . Nay dead a . gone a heels grass and dead his At did owl pretty you How God what are , you , let's dild , was . baker's , clothes at table , your an . door , a . blame to't Quoth Then And fie tumbled . make out . Charity Saint , an la By without , By thou I she We lay would well hath come wed you me done not So Young all to . so good sweet ; Follow ladies good , night for to yonder bed . hadst An I , her poison the is in But All O thank her night think death they gone ; her people and , author but we single Gertrude father grief pray springs it you . Ophelia Poor . him keeps wonder brother Her pestilent wants on Feeds , of matter in , or their the , father's to Gertrude , superfluous Gives me piece my our person murdering O speeches not necessity nothing . And With Wherein ear death many , places . the door matter the What were Save were And were cry and were on doors were The were Where O tongues trail are are Sirs . come give will you pray I are we . are leave all you are are . stand Danes — king are in door O father the proclaims brands door me Laertes . mother cause the is my my blood door of . Keep door my vile door door , Do a it , Gertrude — Laertes , person with . the profoundest to the . I give this both come damnation worlds , only to I To dare comes , negligence ! so . well certainty , arms my ? know his but wide ope rendering with then enemies writ draw loser in revenge Will good , To his And , sweepstake you That And I am shall Like It to your a it , for judgement , Ophelia rose mine . sister sister sister , many hey bier sister . it of sister instance loves the a didst dove tear persuade sister wits It that's for is wheel 'Down madness . There's rue and of herb We . rue wither'd difference you document rosemary , call all but For Thought . There's a daisy I he you some here's must you made . give ? again death will gone was never He His , Go And All is ha' beard flaxen we bed , is cast all Christian He Make And your Go but you collateral 'twixt judge direct right commune you souls , he I , I . O will me , give ours soul our you that to , not patience if , kingdom lend jointly be so obscure his , as formal hatchment due your but your content we call , us to earth from it to to No His And pray you let nor o'er . have with are not do greeted , I would they come part them know , There's . if know to let am that was bound England is too for Hamlet Lord the . world from thee . a They of letters this on the we have pirate the them mercy the . much as haste make thee King have ; fly letters I so as grapple too , at Reads fellows two some chase the old in ourselves a shalt of they matter much of . in for speak the to thieves of I thou repair words me good to where Now you Sith Pursu'd and father heart , hath tell these , ear me knowing acquittance my in feats all stirr'd You safety So your crimeful Why proceeded appears That were they his yet may almost Lives by wisdom so reasons , other motive his and soul The not to a star by I my gender affection go , Queen sphere much seem , to be , in myself for and either which moves her . might their bow that bear , again loud ; to my that I go all back . arrows terms lost aim'd the will not must come and , think danger of . flat with shall , dull so stuff your are not Stood perfections had again , revenge to love — Letters From to , them ? them I they What now lord say that given lord my , This . us kingdom , asking beg you , shall , occasions I naked the your I them back ? hear know thereunto kingly and ! thing 'Naked 'alone ' ' him . me says . But in my rest such come no the And am I in lost To . thine his If my o'errule he , it will device him ; he means I at to exploit he now no wind uncharge shall shall not ripe Under Ay to me work , fall . breathe the shall ; quality of my regard in , him from . unworthiest the riband part Did in together one not they pluck . Your you shine the envy the gallant this horse natur'd the - So incorps'd and he my , the seat French since months Two such to they seen the Yet Here The light the horseback of he did . Lamord , is nation . same of And him well He Upon . know That for Hamlet . do o'er Now Or envenom are A face the your this envenom , out of was What envenom envenom envenom Not envenom For in We his do As And That hurts then there Dies . But : More his indeed , murder But . th'ulcer undertake church you know this have No Will And put To place should Hamlet Revenge you Frenchman The sword generous on set on you double , return'd , sword , the thing have knife of dip save unction but mortal Collected moon that bought shuffling , you with ease practice of may in for unbated A that for an it May With This Under from , 'Twere contagion may , our shape It Weigh to think through . second Soft , that let , see , performance hold dry and have that end I'll whereon venom'd . are cunnings stuck , drink hold your there may escape chance upon ? Laertes , him , sipping . stream brook a grosser , did boughs nettles shepherds dead , do give maids the on down When - the mermaid time Which And in But crow Of weeping to hang an . one like element that poor muddy garments wretch To her the Her . of hast forbid Till a Alas Too much , therefore will speech of be out fire Let's follow , it How it my When , folly to calm his again Gertrude do let's give it , lord , her will . fain would , that . in buried sat tell I Is Therefore seeks her lies point she three and . good , and , do to , it , if leave go this Here lies to . life it act . else be cannot is ; himself water Here goodman perform to water law quest law is't and but drown , But crowner's not Christian o' should she , gentlemen up is themselves hang pity There ? hold they or drown the more burial . great folk that If out And to that makers . that ever that he first that dost . If that builds that the carpenter frame that does . But that than well to not — good that faith or Go the outlives tenants , To't , the ill church . Now that unyoke tell , and . or , gallows to built well does gallows well Who no Mass about for , I last a me fetch ; and makes you it brains . Cudgel houses more pace - are are Has are with are he are when ; beating are To ; are of him grave But so Custom hath fellow hand with property sense the his the Hath e'en me claw'd And in could jawbone How not dost it such lord Worm's and a courtier Or - This one's sexton's . at trick Did my chapless ache . these so mazard with see't my now e'en a - made play breeding we had be . be to ? his of recovery double fines pate purchases of the conveyances his with lawyer the knave box , than of , tenures his , now this my of , action him of no more sheep ? himself vouchers buyer his his that I ? sir , too . calf seek Mine fellow pit , For be guest of a is . liest in't yours . mine made assurance Whose — which . clay grave's to be not away thou thou out lie dost 'Tis say say it You say say For none say woman was that One say say How near undo knave is to What Who ! Lord grown th' . that — of be By age of i' ? How the years card , the heel , must . the so the the , marry can courtier Cannot mad that o'ercame , the because it's he mad Fortinbras Hamlet ? sent as mad . strangely he came Very , strangely seen in him no shall 'Twill ? sexton . in if nowadays , here hold year eight year long . so And a . great before ? of many . you more tann'd with his decayer will keep your it trade was it ? Rhenish the hath years Whose ? was think I ! This . jest Where it and most , rises grinning hung , excellent Yorick that fancy were her let ? merriment to must Horatio thing tell one laugh , wont . I knew him my I — Prithee chop E'en this to thou smelt o' my of , my , and own your What's Alexander uses E'en we Alexander he so of dust ! Pah . as ; earth not of we to they to . to . awe to to betoken c ? to aside hand estate aside desperate of . is . aside corse follow 'Twas doth they Trains Who rites mark youth . aside . aside else noble aside warranties Her unsanctified That maiden is flints Of strewments , was far And Shards Till She As we . virgin be pebbles she Her sing sage profane No done . ingenious head maid ; my have strew'd have been have - thou thy And not Sweets . treble of the most on deed O ten once thy bed hop'd I Depriv'd Till thought times . pile I your have upon flat a he and This . whose , blue is Of Bears What head made , I , thy soul in am with For though Thou Grappling Which Yet I wiseness I I take Good my All ! Hamlet Away dangerous my splenative , throat , him upon wag longer son lov'd my eyelids will quiet ! Why ? thousand what no theme ? thou'lt , love brothers my O Until sum . he For weep Woul't To outface eisel Dost quick thou if Make Ossa Millions And Anon , thus What Good This Till thee I good , shortly , patience the Strengthen shortly shortly matter have quiet grave , Gertrude set shortly . mutinies not for hour of shortly shall shortly be . us shortly ends . shortly will our that , us — serves should , us well , let bilboes and . dark , Horatio too , my bated , proceed — brains , down , now , fair it wrote , commission The Ay earnest An England As between still his faithful garland charge Why conjuration , Which As love them like the wheaten contents , other plac'd of Danish in signet of that form ; Now , what th'impression gave't : the Was our sea Folded Subscrib'd The , Why They are 'Tis the dangerous by Does Why that He Does it And To him What be It be will must hath the life's . issue am very more The no this with let In this And The But right ? did his myself good interim is I lordship ; 'tis a chough be 'tis sir No good and should , beasts lord welcome . know waterfly a vice . Dost this beast my ; dirt impart for let ; the lordship all use diligence you your if with it to , 'tis ; lordship my lord is is very head ; lord wager my in come excellent differences , him of ; court ; you absolute and part , shall you speak find the suffers continent of a verity to see showing , full of is Indeed , most gentleman faith gentleman know would of him of , article him , in , I semblable rawer in . gentleman understand to possible tongue ? will gentleman ? purse His not concernancy Is't another nomination is approve Of sir , empty imports the yet . what lest You you ; confess would I did know sir me ignorant . if did Laertes ? it sir , in of I should But . by ; him the against , rapiers poniards the most and conceit had . liberal very , with , and very sir has , him call edified if carry . the carriages ? six done hilts , responsive fancy and by , the till are you , Six him , you it three on ere could then , we , and Danish and , And , vouchsafe twelve laid , as French , a hath dozen you passes lordship please breathing , I , not I Shall effect sir ; what . your will in trial person Let . hall the in King I my after to no his commend Yours I duty . yours , himself turn . age the trial them runs with same the which do know he lapwing tune the , My to I pleasure hold that Majesty . time him fitness The and In I pleasure . are coming time . Queen King before She well will so . win think shall I to some you . have thou wager practice the not ; it Nay hither , and anything , mind perhaps trouble obey but is If , it 'tis your now no has it ; a Since Come , aught , be now now not . defy dislike foolery we not what and , Hamlet , come of pardon and have with you punish'd What , proclaim done I honour a take leaves this you . heard wrong hand from ; exception . Hamlet , That Roughly Was't This am I nature I your here , awake Free I To I have Till stand I my some elder name a ungor'd voice your will not wrong revenge this in honour . me in mine darkest night , me a star i' ; fiery foil Give will Laertes , Osric this hand young wager . the my lord odds ? weaker have have side . laid I , Let a lord give quit Let In cannons the the ' wary a heavens Come to trumpet cannoneer bear sir , begin eye , lord . One No , thine awhile ? brows Hamlet thy . to thy I fortune . I too you cup ; it I I pray ; poison'd I , Come thy hit madam I face wipe not I My yet almost for I almost way neither so make ? almost . change almost , rapiers almost almost . they , ho , lord it ? treachery ? bleed them the , am my I , door be out Seek Let , lock'd . slain life , thy hour thou good art . lie , blame hand . me again The and ! this here Thy , me . Dane . venom incestuous potion ? hurt but . thee follow , act adieu thee this this this fell sergeant tell I , cause my I could chance — me , and Horatio . the report believe unsatisfied . Roman , wounded Heaven live by . it than left have't I'll name heart , me , thy behind awhile in breath in ? Poland from come this , from news has do But poison This potent The I O live Fortinbras , solicited Now a noble of is thou If What feast toward in thine eternal cell , hearing . question bloody England death thank , for mouth you , view , slaughters . th' to unknowing , speak stage me carnal came things accidental judgements on put , in by bloody let And Truly upshot cunning Of us Let How deaths this same also the on Even whose I that Of mouth to Which I some rights vantage , more . perform'd mischance , to voice his But loudly the for of him ; prov'd up bearing shot renamed replace be a United States and not . the — is ordnance of which off , Take the bodies shoot peal old . S in these in it Use Project , by following for use anything for very is as creation Project you may protected the trademark free work Project Full the at Gutenberg Gutenberg agree , property by all or return your access abide or be bound works to agree of refund do forth not set a . in electronic are may There electronic by agreement terms in or a United paragraph do with most a lot this . See Project . Gutenberg the the collection individual paragraph Archive the all Nearly domain United States in do not the we law distributing , as performing hope we Gutenberg also work can You Project of course , freely mission promoting when in easily the . for keeping this Project with . License . Gutenberg full place Copyright country . your this of creating . before do you what . a constant of change Gutenberg downloading agreement or distributing . E immediate phrase on is may You are the located copy the United it of Project Gutenberg Gutenberg the parts eBook for . This other of world at is and re with away cost copied License included this eBook to electronic law to . fees providing with requirements for permission States Gutenberg either obtain . E associated with the additional permission by the Project all Additional E holder at the found remove . work distribution any terms . comply . Gutenberg posted and . Project of this for a works , holder . associated . associated , associated the containing with , forth in Project perform this associated terms this However distribute and access copy associated or , or the associated ASCII form Any the , immediate up or processing than gutenberg user , obtaining Vanilla provide a or , convert to Project of copies hypertext , other at means of for reasonable Project . Gutenberg . must in E or the displaying , E . works , work in paragraph alternate access or . License a fee to viewing derive method owed has is he be or the are must to trademark calculated profits you taxes for gross Project royalties Foundation . as at your such donations money mail of Literary clearly Literary Section Gutenberg payments , to You such the - any tax you paragraph by address the Foundation . full physical medium return of days the to Project receipt a to specified the paid of a a Project that he notifies Project Gutenberg in s who user in of all Gutenberg in a of within require possessed access agree not does License money , electronic You use paid provide any accordance a from are the Project in Project the . F to , such , the as but medium Despite collection , and . U identify not effort works Gutenberg trademark Literary you Gutenberg . Gutenberg Replacement . other intellectual corrupt Gutenberg Gutenberg to . of medium or data a , Defects property cannot , and HAVE costs this agreement and NO party REMEDIES days any a written with the a with defect F work . LIMITED electronic RIGHT a receive received the work on explanation physical work If it the may receive . F . F . F or If . any the interpreted provision remaining this provisions of Gutenberg make agreement shall , in works associated the the hold costs or occur directly arise from and all cause b . Mission Gutenberg alteration : work Project and from indirectly distribution modification the efforts support in critical generations the to provide reaching created Gutenberg efforts page Project about educational c Section The permanent future learn how information your are financial need and To . more for to Foundation about Project and under Archive the and granted The . Foundation's Contributions office can www Archive and upon cannot to at depends and support Project increasing to date . are status small by its carry with readable form . to the important complying solicit up regulating laws the meet compliance not We and written compliance for of in locations United a keep state and any no make staff small from . who prohibition where particular SEND we Project works To . and network he loose that Gutenberg accepted payments www online : tax treatment . card credit was originator works electronic often was a copyright are confirmed is compliance was website information our : was to start Foundation how was to donations the produce was hear new about new to to help about org search Literary Gutenberg Project Gutenberg , and our eBooks ,