, and ? there Stand unfold Stand the Stand He Barnardo Stand King Stand . Stand hour bed Stand Stand . Francisco to cold . mouse . had am relief much quiet guard stirring a Not meet watch . Friends I think place farewell Barnardo . soldier honest . piece O , has Welcome , is Horatio has Horatio I him of . appear this sight belief our us , seen against assail the entreated seen hold have dreaded Therefore Touching this watch That With if eyes to this of down . our story , we t'illume , that's What Last us yond let star , westward Marcellus it where night of the pole from his course same a art not it Looks In the the , Horatio . of Denmark . speak thee ? pale ! speak thee ! this think you ! What ! and You ! something than fantasy ? not eyes own the King ? on . parle , an combated know work at this dead angry the . sledded strange hour not , knows , he cannon land watch brazen subject , down strict the daily of task . King , compact world Fortinbras appear'd I pride , him Hamlet Norway our esteem'd , his ; lands return'd same the Fortinbras the , conqueror and the vanquisher Hamlet unimproved Of To Against which a his with , forfeit His been he to Now hot of list carriage fell food it recover , us to lawless other , hand no resolutes and young , a , is our of watch rummage but no it armed Comes I think is our sort and of , like of so portentous the wars King these the state trouble high A In may the ere and Did As Was And Have prologue As But harbingers precurse the sick in Disasters Upon earth even earth I'll earth If That earth may thou happily earth , art O hast earth the speak to ease good Speak though behold earth Lo sound ! it blast me earth comes again ! life done me , grace and may . thy , to fate , crew cock , violence majestical of , malicious the , trumpet . summons is that a And then , the sea of his Doth Whether Awake god lofty , and at his air . long ; comes , throat the hies truth . planets to abroad tonight , advice time the power part mantle eastward high yon of dew the the watch young heard hallow'd So I have Break we impart , look But This us consent in him and Attendant , Voltemand , and dear , Laertes Cornelius our far contracted hearts To To Yet bear The Lords Though memory be of be our auspicious , nor . you young , have which For that weak this follows a thinking to equal In Your scale with we Taken With Or Now Holding affair hath his Importing Colleagued by to state with not be pester with is of rid , that proportions and to greeting this good and full in Fortinbras meeting him , here hears nephew's his dilated articles King no your than personal more our duty we farewell with news is't What Dane , the what's : suit of , us now We more be my more is the That The is not wouldst reason native , Yet Have beseech do fair I Take He will seal'd him time thy and and will at . kind nighted much i' am thy ever cast than more How cousin Laertes , hour thy But so know'st Do not , madam vailed father common for , lord my , lids the thy in that eternity . dust . die , on off , I , suspiration suits , so particular be with good not know breath forc'd solemn show . grief of might of , persevere term the obligation lost , in father for know , filial obsequious sorrow . is unmanly mind to But and , condolement most be . be 'Tis grief course be , be , unfortified be A what For the be should we ? reason of be be so corse he who , dead , be the most with unprevailing This . woe most Fie whose common theme , today still We , let to of earth . you prayers with lose go not , our to bend comfort cousin ; us son . madam Hamlet Wittenberg and , come a and fair obey best accord . unforc'd Denmark a in my that the to loving Denmark Madam shall today heart of and gentle smiling jocund great rouse cannon King's And the the too that this too resolve solid ! self ! Everlasting the ! uses , flat , O God ! two ! unweeded ! an 'tis it things That , nay not , yet ere beast which With Niobe ! O Like month she tears all Hercules salt ; longer wants my — followed or — on As I what A have My Would , father's I to nor heart my not , dexterity such With break am glad or same , your what Sir that name you Horatio — lord Nor We'll I To A truant would shall But , to to was , it me came not my mother's , follow'd father's you deep see drink my I methinks coldly I prithee thrift Did , I Would He saw him I My My With an My Upon attent witness , King your ! for me to of till a King ear the your Two nights waste and . I father while deliver admiration father may you middle them by and , surprised thrice solemn with , exactly stately . and together Barnardo , these had of - they of . fear , he march walk'd pie - In Stand And Where Form , the them thing These hands this ? it platform upon Did My The apparition comes lord you methought haste our sight . lord my think it know honour'd writ of you very . but it , our let , Indeed indeed , my my . my my my up . my anger ? my wore his my head lord my countenance And A was seen as , If And bid it your understanding . 'twixt Upon requite Our duty to visit you come ; will Till Though all sit then I earth : the : soul embark'd sleep . Farewell give benefit necessaries the spirit in father's My , my some Hold A The nature bulk Think and In thews The wide And Grows ; Perhaps he persons birth you circumscrib'd be it body do ; importunity of , or credent To Fear it you the in Ophelia , Then If And keep of The If , and is beauty itself Virtue The in And Too to I Do shall though most are and buttons dew lies , this But . some and and way to my lesson good reckless pastors ungracious puff'd steep not watchman the like heart his here . fear me not But my grace , keep . libertine treads comes . father . sail your second a in Aboard is wind Occasion here The are And for ? There , in unproportion'd . Give thought thy , quarrel may , that man censure thy : rich fancy , but but few of but a man's not And Are And This Neither in of as habit express'd For of follow , be this , thine to in select most a they as time as invites The I Ophelia as What as And as above blessing night the day as , as . thee . as , keep said touching he keep to you keep Lord of keep . and keep keep keep the bethought Ophelia you , well keep you put so — so very : tell you bounteous yourself late me must I ; and free , caution understand ? of Give the your up honour and yourself many green . call you a of more a , tender you'll hath — crack wind honourable In you , the Tender thus not , Running fashion And Ay My hath given countenance all , heat almost , Even in promise heat , how these it From presence daughter heat a making , heat , know the in extinct I heat both , heat , young heat bawds for heat leisure time this . Hamlet ways . come lord moment Lord the , is from ; with . cold . air eager now Indeed Wherein What . this Keeps The he The triumph of ; am I though breach , is't trumpet and tonight the his , kettle drains draughts his custom it Ay in us clepe traduc'd heavy This More And to my honour'd And Is a mind the their birth it of in mole choose not , men are his complexion reason , takes at particular them . and indeed height , cannot pales that ; that o'erleavens , or dram take may or be or of of one these of or manners , livery as general fault noble To all or Doth that the ministers Angels or airs spirit from of or of or man my or lord his , Look and Be That Bring King With is Say with to not go waves if it you a do Do by speak It you As removed more courteous action with lord follow it that fee it ? do itself to , fear a be should my set what can . again o'er assume other the I'll at pin's ? Why do I , it beetles madness madness And draw looks more Without madness puts many roar And That madness might there And madness Which The madness madness It madness You Be rul'd ; you off Hold Still say I'll make — Go a . petty cries out call'd of , on desperate not this the Something is rotten Let's I He ; after Nay Whither hour is will . come sulph'rous When lead me me Speak shall unfold . flames thy bound serious . hear . to ? thou revenge to father's spirit I , when night freeze young lightest days in the walk fast fires , am , nature house whose thy to start locks from to tale away . prison - unfold soul fretful stand must not , love unnatural , upon quills Like If flesh of But most most , as in strange the foul didst blood . revenge . swift love of wings as ; thoughts rots not out stir to my weed , whole of thou noble the forged by ; in that in shouldst thou 'Tis serpent Rankly The abus'd ; know process that , incestuous wears but me Now , that and gifts to have beast adulterate was hand hand went me , of of , won off in whose , a in court it to were to was shameful - his that traitorous with , seeming Hamlet From a That love of a her a a lewdness , lust Will ! prey a Sleeping a it of angel celestial a scent morning orchard , afternoon the a uncle a ears did , body into it a alleys enmity as leperous juice a But Holds That And The swift distilment my blood the loathsome crust dispatch'd account horrible bear my ; not be , heaven soul thy her , well lodge , bosom of Denmark most ; contrive . near ! once ; to fire ; heart ; else ; old my , past seat , thee , memory holds , while , the from . In . Unmix'd with the book and commandment , villain most . tables I 'Adieu . Within . there you may . adieu lord HORATIO I , MARCELLUS . remember Now sworn't , ho ho my . come , lord ? my What O news ho , is't , boy , Come ! wonderful noble ? lord it my you'll say But an in , knave . secret and by , How There's And your but sorry I'm are These Look it every For , go ; you is let know , but faith Yes Saint by Yes What As you scholars me , what lord My In ha Ha , We have my upon Cries sword the . you sayst boy Never we'll , by hands your speak Beneath . our heard , th'earth my my my Horatio good i' my Once more work remove but this mole my , pioner and night my dreamt of in , myself my my - your , shake , some could or , your by Or That you , arms encumber'd your know' Or we to , your 'Well With Or your As your How To your your giving at such giving an antic pronouncing speak' giving list giving and you know giving Swear . your Beneath — 'There giving to need . So friending us giving cursed , Let . born was love giving lack joint set it . come fingers is still of on and money My very said behaviour , visit marvellous I your know and come of drift son will and and Paris sir they ; keep , it of his this distant his do my well are means , who and Enquire , how That this particular , you ; expense at demands some 'twere do father mark and knowledge know , in him' part but he so please ' mean Ay , you dishonour Addicted What forgeries I ; marry heed , slips usual quaintly general The But A assault good my lord , I fetch my know do would this warrant my th' , sound working . son , crimes assur'd 'gentleman' 'friend phrase consequence country man the ; or Of you breathe seen of prenominate , be the lord this to I did ? was — What about say does At 'friend 'I know , gentleman ! marry consequence' 'closes or thus the you saw was , There then he falling then He closes such gaming Your yesterday Or and At 'closes in , the and so with , and a , And thus and by Videlicet and 'I saw With Shall and and you and shall in . you inclination Observe let lord . me have , lord my you I . well music his ply his Good . chamber all in doublet gyved to stockings unbrac'd , me . other each , hell I said thy loosed , been his and upon his , as And Pale , Then with , last thrice , draw it sigh piteous , go , so , so so . King so , so the me light seek so love , any so desperate fordoes very I will will their so command and denied did him but you am under itself undertakings heaven , late hard but and . him that . I hath lord did my am No I I sorry him is is cast Rosencrantz and dear much have have to see move . you provoke you long Guildenstern you use Something ; inward it th'understanding th'understanding th'understanding with may gather our th'understanding you , him , companies th'understanding youth here by and you occasion from th'understanding on time neighbour'd of being draw th'understanding much him so cannot I , And That th'understanding sure show supply the to us I gentlemen Whether To So That he whom To And To fits your by Both Might , Guildenstern Rosencrantz . visit is Hamlet gentle Guildenstern . obey . entreaty to Than And here Thanks beseech these changed I to of practices , good lord return'd , helpful our , And bring from Norway my the still been , and else this Assure of father to or trail to the us'd hath liege : soul found to th'ambassadors ; that bring . feast be He grace me head no we him our good my first Most fair return he be , of , 'gainst , he Highness a better But Say To was It That sickness , in falsely into look'd your his from so On borne which his , might dominions , to enterprise you for are , at On such And , That Through , your please it , night Why Were night Therefore nothing day night , tediousness and night , night is , night the be welcome night your well home - night took . night we'll feast . Most night liege is night day but to , What Your the limbs outward define . Your . mad , 'tis Your figure use 'tis art but else go Your ? flourishes is mad Your son soul of Your all . madness Your art : true Your foolish art effect And . cause the grant us farewell , then of cause defective the — her and . gather obedience whilst say effect , find daughter in me this duty my Now , she . faithful fire are to , I numbers most . whilst liar a is love this to it to reckon Adieu , me of receiv'd , hath daughter by ear best , think me I must here might on your table daughter had prove heart upon a man the wing . and you of so think you you , think , star round did of out I thy tokens . you queen desk with mute book , I mistress herself the — repulsed a a lightness , a thence then into by now for he . raves this a to advice — fast , wail weakness . likely , ' . indeed together ? will find may Within hid if otherwise , lead walks the , sometimes we . my behind If for reason an loose his assistant farm and encounter be Be a time I'll he . no will poor beseech both leave . O my know me , I But Well well , Not . You my lord I fishmonger . lord . is be lord . my thousand Then sir be , as That's in true goes this honest to For if her not daughter first ; by he said Aside . Still a suffered sun , conceive . Friend , a . What , speak to in my again words — words . I much was I What . Words I the their hams yet sir you be , you potently with believe , this go walk , the grave Aside hits How on , which reason . method is my . there my air , my I take humbly of most between will well to seek the tedious old , anything that will more my except . lord he you lord ! Lord God save , there ; sir You To Polonius honoured My how ye the earth - button a the . shoe happy or or or her ; we or most , Faith or parts secret or or , my What , or your ? one dungeons hands . good worst wards and . is 'tis , indeed , dreams infinite , were bounded makes one that for the bad I a in the merely ; a shadow monarchs light . the king myself a ambition ? by outstretch'd quality . a heroes that I attended my Elsinore at dreadfully make no way an I that such the To visit you poor ; halfpenny visitation , you . you GUILDENSTERN , am the I . free , there not were ? and Is is . you Is have sent ; sent say , Is Come Is nay You and Is , by Is you me looks Is , purpose Is my , Is and for . even be , But consonancy . must by , teach let of and by end then love What off of . you you me . forgone my . I , feather anticipation prevent hold , your my heavily this fire the action of how , beauty ; this ; o'erhanging that of discovery with mirth have custom all sterile , pestilent god : woman nor , is this of , you in congregation me you to ; yet seem you me not you , moving and in paragon of you did the , My you you Why you you her his and you offer the laugh you foil Majesty tickle the — they o' the tragedians in , in ? both reputation . Are city . are ? indeed , hold the same by they , in , endeavour keeps comes ? Do the eyases , for't — goose stages tyrannically so 'em Will come that fashion , wearing . say not escoted they they are sing common succession ? do them nation and a ; own was sides for while , holds money his strange they much possible been Is't them to unless argument bid Ay is fifty make while my his it this out the . picture father uncle is for are you , extent welcome of Gentlemen Let me I which - the . wind gentlemen . out see , baby you Happily he the for : comes My lord have The tell lord to , to tell , Upon Then best tragical pastoral , Seneca be too . heavy liberty for , tragical , for - pastoral - each honour the in pastoral actors The O Jephthah law - comical - had treasure judge Am 'One fair not my of The — he daughter lord ' , and no more well the first The It Why by lot As , you and last . By'r by , thee ! mistress are . all are piece welcome see heard not above the once , speak such in I , me a , speech cried scenes there set the — in , no method indite as , wholesome as it let and One speech thereabout live me see . If , Pyrrhus begins lay his purpose the , When begin is dread . black Head horridly in couched not , where . nor no called Priam's more handsome tale to slaughter me light , fire and , sons gore accent with spoken well he Anon God , 'Fore my too short command and . this of wind drives Rebellious . at with Repugnant at father feel base ear . i' tyrant seem'd , For declining and with and storm the Pyrrhus' , below still , orb thunder stand and the some fall a proof bleeding . Priam hammers her you ; power from the to and the hill . sleeps to the , up loins of . diadem lank in , gods But 'Gainst Who A About Fortune's the state his Pyrrhus did see have her malicious her themselves of milch mortal if burst that all gods eyes . and in them clamour has turn'd not Would he the thee And move passion things with saw sword make no not at burning the instant The Unless have well less deserve whipping much them merit , sirs the , them man more them friends . according after and Take . them ill and them The them . lord them for a need set them which . You them you Ay Follow . that , my look to welcome My You , mock , insert in't a speech . not . I passion of own wan'd conceit ; my Good all But all That Could in it in all O With forms A all That That all all all all broken voice his Hecuba should he the weep him , and What's guilty general He cleave he Had ? the the , eyes would Confound John The the faculties very Make A And lecherous , kindless , kites this villain villain bawdy region , it take should pigeon offal fatted , brave ! gall cannot ? face i' lie my th' it me this vengeance vengeance lack ere vengeance is dear vengeance vengeance most heart hell vengeance vengeance ! a son revenge the an vengeance a vengeance by brain ! my creatures sitting scullion - a , struck They most , though miraculous tent know I him my Out As is me the grounds me . with my the , play's of the . lunacy of this days on by he why turbulent what does from Nor Did But of like forcing , his reply to in free question but . demands . pastime of Most Niggard We To To his We content much . these inclin'd . too leave closely Gertrude as he we have , shall purpose on drive gentlemen Her 'twere That We may gather so And by him myself Affront Sweet For and ourselves their he shall thus of th'affliction of you Ophelia the wish again , book this on it . colour ! conscience . sugar that lash a Than is more harlot's The I not my him How smart Is Whether slings The take to coming not is to outrageous : a to death off to — what this . the life respect long There's , the of whips shuffled of . heir wish'd be is When in That who sleep For For To Devoutly to sleep , Must would calamity makes we give wrong The The That that undiscover'd merit might office of dispriz'd the love insolence patient bodkin dread the grunt country of , rather does The And returns cowards know we the with the thus And And The Be all the fair lose does Good your this well a remember'd in Soft currents and turn orisons many lord , of - receive I not long now . have ; well , you aught know . you words again with these made And My As gifts , Are ? mind unkind discourse honesty no admit transform should honesty beauty so loved love paradox of honesty once believe not . you . our old I the now can translate time gives ? or between Go . us father do at be it for of relish ; the me was deceived more me very , time breeder of I beck lord you O At upon in's house that your as them ? he may play fool but earth and to . marry escape you make Farewell marry of needs wilt Or . well : farewell O ; heavenly too God's I'll the shall . on't that hath . as him . them you hath amble say , but sword ! form tongue , a scholar's , keep Those , it made a nunnery , harsh down ! seen seen is see that on sits seen do seen not though spake His ? seen Love what not O'er which seen seen Was seen he like do some I seen Will Thus For set it To Of And To plac'd . please If she must be in him It not shall ones best you as pronounced of for , must air torrent acquire to I me passion , who and Termagant very had shows to tutor your . special this of avoid nothing - pated periwig a fellow of the to Pray it honour whipped you own the whose , 'twere ; both , image and the the or overdone for nature action modesty word the to tame overdone the , that action too was ; whole — thought , some of nor man journeymen imitated that so had have of which , abominably and not sir speak that be the of them clowns . of a play will you pitiful ambition then most ? my this spectators to , your laugh , play that . meantime That's fool the in , set than more , it some on set , in , and hasten make GUILDENSTERN haste . service ! your a . lord at cop'd as man withal . flatter good pomp , election her Dost . should but from poor , of distinguish herself That That To is sound heart's In core passion's , of told a thee , of act the when play see'st scene is Do not very If we are Give our rivet him heedful note , thy soul guilt a father's occulted face to eyes after In aught detecting coming to a are And If a They . a Guildenstern a a our chameleon's cannot feed ; My . a Hamlet lord these a play'd once . a actor you Polonius th'university , a kill'd my That did I did was , and was you , accounted a you him ; dear my here's ho O do . lord , mean my upon mark . country Ay I , What Do a fair is You Ay Who , my my . I man and a but my lord , my lord ! What , two may churches two memory build man's great with hope a , there's on , wear ago outlive else his for not , months the ! hobby - the a . Queen , some , her neck protestation lovingly very of . poison King finds show hobby takes exits The , crown his King Enter with Marry the this is this mallecho argument but in , Poisoner awhile . counsel to ashamed cannot . what show not this Be mark : show , clemency our for him show your hearing , play . gone , ground cart with twelve our moon sacred Hymen moons and orbed round sheen hands did sick former your so done . extremity made fear you is doubts fear Yet . Yet Yet grows love Yet shortly Yet quantity Yet , so hath proof is love is must operant Yet , And Yet , For second wormwood kill'd who Wormwood , my the be , second marriage that I of respects second Such wed instances you think believe slave , validity the tree , on to poor sticks memory : be . debt what ; we oft mellow we lament destroy on left revels with in doth either enactures what when Most ourselves , the is grief grief grieves not advanc'd or friend , flies try . I begun enemy friend friends mark you , loves joy makes his never seasons needs a their are him doth in and still do where his on our fortune prove of , when lord is dead . run our . beguile sleep would , Sweet ever I wife it break , pursue well widow would , grow tedious dull like you how O The Have you heard , do you ? she'll but argument but Marry jest do how 'tis that jade is could lord not wife play This of souls chorus , are shall majesty see anon ; Vienna a wince nephew it , the to I the are . my lord Begin magic life usurp you and mistake begin your , faces Thou , season rank natural ban thrice Thy , of midnight blasted no fit , immediately Italian wife shall . o'er some me fares Give The . estate . the world some me in Provincial on sleep lights . deer while two if roses players the of , sir cry a feathers , ungalled play with a and Half know A good O , A Jove , Damon . pound a Upon Ah , the some not perdie , music if Come , belike then some , music . you history retirement , sir , what of marvellous Ay drink purgation . some discourse wildly put , welcome . great tame am in most Queen The my you please , mother your You are lord make , not your Sir Then , make wit's or matter your behaviour ; diseased ? I , can wholesome you Make Therefore you but to command shall : the shall what I My Good door my upon Sir if I you your liberty you while that be succession — as , be duty bold my , withdraw is would the of . advancement , when How can sir the recorders wind of me Let the my me but see . if you you love play upon Will pray . that I , ventages and . discourse it your finger and stops have the me You out of your of with will lord most would 'Sblood what instrument . upon do play , excellent much it music sound would you there and cannot played My can God Queen . would speak camel . weasel Or Very a . fool me top the and by to . mother day my ; to drink as business world . thy this firm the blood , be , be us grow . hourly . with you safe it stands madness he The keep The the itself whose . but ; weal like a the of it ; with on mortis'd Did , will Which I For we Arm lord We goes annexment , this this fear , liege , him it than myself . go smells curse my I what ere you partial lord well know you rank , The call tell ! My a man to I where Pray inclination be defeats . And thicker in stand And It Thanks offence my dear , murder Though O double sharp as What if my guilt , I white as confront rain than there Were wash what's Or fault serve That cannot my turn down But retain 'tis so justice this of shove But . the There out is Even To what to give the what in evidence nature shuffling law gilded wicked by currents and . and there ourselves the we forehead , can , O In his teeth ! as be might so am his sole this be is hire villain for be would be do my . so , he That father be goes and and this , son be , be my took O , broad be reveng'd do't do it I villain be And Now With And Or gaming is is To But in And and am purging . stands crimes , as , his his bed some in't at and pleasure , pleasure pleasure pleasure black . pleasure heaven stays as thy . sickly pleasure heels rises my pleasure days advances thoughts heaven home lay stood between , him to him e'en to with , offended . much father thy , mother hast , much question , Go , thou you , matter you , how the Have by rood forgot the , would are No the Why What's You , Nay And Where You come , not till down to those your Queen so brother's wife , help ! I ! slain thou the King it deed good is , his . word kill lady wretched , rash Take , my brother , sit some danger intruding Thou . kill Almost . a deed bloody and king is bulwark thou against , stuff . the of and , of Makes innocent an an Such virtue From As And That Calls very , rhapsody solidity this Yea The A With of tristful thought visage Heaven's of such O . face against as and - sick at mass religion contraction sweet doth the . this , command himself , follows ? your at for ! leave you it's , is : judgement love ? moor the age you and tame brother husband . world did and a Look you a what now Have . to set a like to have humble , sense that you err thrall'd sure would quantity . without smelling true thy , as be virtue matron's , of a the burn , all , hoodman at part without That Eyes thus hath cozen'd shame own compulsive the frost Thou Since turn'st mine black speak my more will gives where is , Proclaim . in mutine youth fire doth , spots eyes , into such and tinct , tithe ; enter daggers like O A A murderer is cutpurse That from your that ears , rule ! pocket wings No A Save Do , laps'd important time . heavenly That not in look between weakest Conceit O Speak , That But Is how is her and your her strongest . works your with spirits O and stand bedded your On him , hairs and the heat your ! conjoin'd you Do action piteous . your capable them make form and him your colour . your speak your ? for have to , me do blood ? he pale how you look to Look what tears you there you Look My Why No Nor did nothing how as he at out , from the not It That not corruption and skin past To make O Hamlet Yea And Good night Assume a , all yet it uncle's not eat , this and half it heart my to pardon these of fatness the itself curb , O the purer hast , gives put can next the And He to that almost change devil are you potency use To And With I That will I punish repent me do I Thus bestow be ; gave word , let Pinch Let him matter his to again call his damn'd reechy you good . bid you , lady behind , secrecy and house's like , gib would bat him out fingers , breathe have said you know , What life thou will letters There's Whom I And bear marshal trust as I , own the mandate to forgot will and most mines sweet . shall below , crafts the into packing neighbour me directly , prating secret a foolish . toward , lug , draw night life night guts the now most still good Good Where translate , There's in these sighs fit Ah Bestow , what How wind . unseen in rapier , What sea It Alas This have would We had you been His liberty with full to yourself Even on But will Should itself apart Gertrude hence our with ship sun The must . and , come for like he madness majesty and Ho , done mountains away is some ore , hath , sooner weeps metals of shall all and go , Hamlet Into , let what's whisper level Whose As poison'd his hit the Transports And full woundless know is shot the soul cannon as slander diameter miss O , the dead body come ! thence 'tis ! kin done , you ! my on . ROSENCRANTZ ! What ! Tell ! Compounded believe it 'tis it we that to sponge believe King's a the do believe the believe believe he needs , and believe sponge not you believe when , believe I glad , such ; countenance jaw have of up for service first . he , again go with the us not is thing King is . ear . in a the . to with — lord fox , all after that and find scourge weigh'd and seem desperate all smooth , grown reliev'd are bear away Diseases sending . th'offender's but multitude , is even eyes lord my he is from where guarded , him now dead But Bring ! Hamlet him Your where supper service ourselves end , emperor eat of alas , hath fed ? he fat one table . to is us to worm that ! worm progress a if go . lobby shall nose , thither Send i' th'other place . But till stay . Go seek send dearly especial . we , the and everything is ? For cherub a see My him I'll everything is hence aboard England ; with wife Hamlet Come . loving father and for ; set awe not that I my hectic me in Till were joys . death letters sovereign present like thou , Go We eye us march license him will , him the And If of sir , Norway I . some Against The Goes Truly Or the That , then the Yes , pay A to souls thousand to Two Will to th'imposthume debate . to man dies to to and humbly thank wealth shows no and cause you to , to go . inform , me little against his no us , more whether some godlike gave Now with and and good do and made before too , hath — I but — means , me charge will will , will will , and will will will , great I blood my thousand trick beds fantasy of death a graves all my father the How mother , see , men twenty while , imminent , That to for fight a forth . hears , nothing doubt , in speech Her speaks ; What She i' Her tricks That would she Dangerous good were , ill there - seems conjectures one make nothing , her Indeed the winks Let come artless prologue to true some jealousy Where is spills full toy in itself , Ophelia ? Majesty From his And How should sandal cockle He At his a dead is He my sweet White Larded , Alas With do Conceit . of , means say this the owl pretty , showers did grave . what say lady ? be at . Lord not All And dupp'd the , departed Tomorrow a he up Let Never by and , oath By chamber clothes ! that door out and Charity shame me blame , Saint ! fie Gis Alack men Cock By would thou ha' I Quoth So An long by bed choose But ground author Gertrude spies slain , single her he ; greenly but muddied , Ophelia ear his infect matter , arraign father's clouds , Gertrude our my piece is this noise murdering O person death all beasts France , his speeches necessity yourself is my are Where Switzers Caps 'Choose , is Where The you false , counter this cheerfully Keep will thank you . my my my Cries drop my my between my cause so Do hedge what it fear not divinity can my little of my Why my Acts That art incens'd my thus such rebellion is looks peep . his There's Let That To I dare come How he dead him allegiance hell , both And my will means go husband world . foe revenge and certainty enemies ? them They dear , know death you father's , loser draw None kind you his O now Within What my ! to As How It to shall as day am guiltless sensibly to level of grief your eye . it for to to to judgement to . noise to in to that is to . rose May 'tis , revenge didst grave you thy Fare in is't possible an old young maid's where love thing precious After some instance and of fine loves nonny , him nonny barefac'd bier , O ' a his stole thus him a - down daughter false steward And must and . you end good my you O made some here's . would I all . all . a There's sweet to he ? he say give dead come again , snow . gone , bed is - again come he not favour turns She He Christian all of was as his moan soul b' grief apart you me , but your with Go friends 'twixt by will collateral our or , shall And Our Be Cry No to be , noble heard I , nor , Let you content To you To crown , in death formal call't let . earth , you letters have . not greeted from know should do I Let him God I please be not comes shall Horatio from , that as , ourselves the , so sea when thou shalt have was him . let overlooked sail became I , pirate of They for warlike put appointment . give these us letters the thou dumb course will they , have they a on instant the letters ; as Guildenstern much knowest you that speedier from words repair me for to for bore of And I To , that my seal a for friend , me them . reasons seem But , You It Why So your you and well That stirr'd mainly may Lives Which yet She's could to Why I , as so by to two , they his looks ; be life and his , go not in , special perhaps O you me or star my not the , And I , challenger . that But sleeps Stood That Break we let . You we shook with and danger more , shall imagine — your to Letters Hamlet they say by Claudio , that them them them . not receiv'd naked occasions mean ? Are all the rest . come thing such strange to thereunto , see brought him you , you return know . I When your my heart let in . thou tell sickness lord here advise you my ? my . to ? be rul'd so so Laertes teeth return'd . means him work , breathe , fall device ; practice it so will it the . your from of parts him a . of might if , I rul'd ; be since The As Than The very riband Yet A age too careless was myself settled , to had the With cap that his youth less no youth in the of becomes , natur'd demi brought grew unto tricks . indeed brooch He know And gem of all well gave out your your especially scrimers be you masterly a report indeed , in a such made for he could swore you . most motion 'twould Sir match had cried For . guard eye . nation , nor his wish play this this , his of their report so do sorrow you you still it , you do would pleurisy abate goodness a we this for you , many you , accidents you you o' the That you 'would' spendthrift quick deed like are to words son would a , th'ulcer changes sigh undertake chamber , murder good your church Laertes throat than More To No Or A Most unbated , sword And Collected the this contagion scratch'd can withal . be knife mountebank virtue from him , of this time simples . simples to May And 'Twere that simples us what Weigh simples simples simples With Under simples simples I Should have better our did blast a back bouts for chance escape ; purpose by the in a in We'll So fast they That doth Our How now another's sister's where , daisies call and , did the aslant leaves nettles , cold on crow There follow woe is hoary in garlands her , Clamb'ring There in And mermaid give down to Fell give Which give That - with fantastic a envious an dead boughs pendant give hang awhile like time give that her that Unto give To wretch . But give her native it and and give sliver coronet broke , of with could indued be drink ? drown'd is death drown'd Alas Drown'd , I Let's had this will follow calm . it to give do , Gertrude . custom holds , lord , his again start let's she wilfully seeks The her it grave burial Christian in own when For so drowned herself make straight found else defence . she , cannot here an argal the good , is good is that ; you goodman Here , good good ; good him own good drown he good . good she good , death law should but than their Scripture ancient more that folk that gentlemen Adam's up that arms thou that to If ? that art He that that digg'd . that thee Adam to gallows thy ? is built well - or — mason gallows . argal come . carpenter gallows the does , outlives Now tenants . well thou thousand unyoke and shipwright . mason ? that To't mend ass question Go . are behove , are are are easiness are . are employment property are ? a in making his business him little daintier the knave the ass it this How once that not lord would , might pate could my morrow such not . my he when horse my Here's , might one's It say which This , e'en mazard A pickaxe loggets sexton's . and - with a see't Did : so For , For O another There's quiddits now , Why does . Is , with statutes recoveries recoveries vouch . Hum he suffer quillets not a ? lawyer tenures action land double and buyer , his the of him , fine the himself . box too sheep of made jot box speak are box box box box to box They my , in't quick and be it therefore ; indeed sir , pit clay , for yet yours . in't sir , lie say , for out lie a 'Tis One a absolute , days i' I Fortinbras day card I or have of , the three the , sir is to woman . age the grown knave the By , is is he so Horatio , Lord these picked galls came was he if England day sent wits there there his matter ? great shall why he fool — Every , he there say they How ; Very came the strangely Upon a I have . been some year . will he your of in hath decayer keep the earth this water year hold before more tann'd ; a his is with your skull ? twenty was was . it three Here's a hide is he Why his water body ! sir . see me a Takes of infinite him for , A was rogue ? E'en This . jest at Where , your and , mock her let that . wont that ; of poor now Here gibes grinning be to lady's she not My now chamber flashes think looked What's , tell Horatio must E'en smelt so o' ! i' thing one this ? not bung - enough earth they of ; died modesty . so was we not Alexander to trace ? hole imagination to to to to to is dust whereto barrel to - and dead a ! But to Should but a , to keep aside the following Queen aside awhile we The aside , with they aside Couch aside What it aside own of aside ; doubtful was her on lodg'd order noble Laertes That we She , Must there allowed allowed We sage should As sing allowed Of allowed last is trumpet and flints Her Yet allowed allowed bell and burial allowed be more allowed Lay No to , my been the Sweets sweet maid grave bed have ? howling churlish flesh unpolluted and liest , Hamlet's sweet on off dust caught times Fall Whose thee have I ten Depriv'd . Hold treble O , To of Now your o'ertop What wand'ring with Grappling let I not me in am pray'st thy ; throat ? This ! hand not thy wiseness I Pluck Hamlet ! asunder them fear Away . thy theme . thousand theme . her ? woul't whine here to . crocodile tear do ! a in so , her let , I will ? fast eat our burning : on , him . wait , good patience the of shall our last night's present shall be . we living a have in . the me circumstance ; lay . ends let — serves for mutinies You would the rashness in that , sleep was a there let sometime pall that me , so making in to , the my Horatio , axe , bated and and and and proceed leisure and , and and and , my sat labour'd , commission the begun had I to did a did what lord my of effect that yeoman's The I and our it statists Wilt It good the , flourish amities garland might , tributary King wear , purse in even , Why was Which had writ that this the debatement - view 'as'es like know , seal Danish was heaven put time - was up the changeling our sea fight , never it The Guildenstern and already what and know'st Subscrib'd Folded Thou gave't . go to nature , now whor'd my proper conscience , come perfect hopes my , this me thee and king what thinks't , not He it Does that with kill'd between Popp'd hath this this In must is issue shortly known the to than , I'll his who Peace sure by Laertes of cause grief . a back welcome . this Denmark know to vice know him He ? say , and I . but lord a . beasts of . spirit a for of a a the cold a your , 'tis 'tis his Majesty I possession a beast chough you diligence a very and cold a thank me , my very bade me , head is your Majesty it it is , on his indifferent , sultry ; lord lord my , in excellent to speak feelingly differences you Sir extolment yaw , dearth rareness as who respect be in take , trace most is Your , Sir in lordship else and possible ? really Of is not Is't I are did sir you , what lest well were in he's his his weapon ; meed that but a for man but weapon horses and poniards most to Three , the you then ere the call against assigns could . had . done bet passes dozen in that laid to you would hath , it a I if , opposition of your a hath answer answer . trial . a a if If it a a . it can hits a the . I a , Majesty person a the Let . effect commend I gain nothing this commend to does He with comply did the tune of same , the of winnowed carries and that time bevy This his lapwing collection My to hold pleasure him the before know outward that play to his attend my mine is ready now and happy play to instructs gentle me . to well desires The and Queen In you Queen practice is all's will at about Since You so this went he my Nay such good ; your mind , 'tis hither say obey and . There's it leaves take this have done a must you sir gentleman you are sore , I your punish'd and , am done proclaim . madness was here Laertes Never , away , needs . wrong ; exception have knows How Then is , then madness this . and be so ; reconcilement most . purpos'd generous the house no stir of of . your will not stand Till I motive my revenge I Whose To To receive and offer'd it night weaker lord . fear Your them have we heavy too all a . length have odds see ; better their or . that , stoups And The the to heavens the to union me speak , to , earth cups , lord eye . palpable Judgement Hamlet thy . this , to drink Well . hit ; the health ; Another ; hit , a touch I do you confess ? say what of fortune napkin rub , my , shall son win and madam thy . me drink , pray cup wipe , madam it . is and thy By yet let , lord do . conscience . dally , and you . you you you Hamlet Queen the to you are come again , you there is it , you lord . Laertes She to kill'd mine own treachery . my poison'd be slain good in , villany ! It No thee turn'd The In , practice lie blame , I in can Hamlet Seek an thee world it out do . Thy Lo The , the , and ! Treason . O . off thou . here but am . LORDS ! Dane , damned murderous Is mother my . thy Follow this incestuous Exchange It poison father's with on thine Nor Mine my forgiveness a is and me , me it death ! at act , you , death , cause could this , tell Queen , adieu this to audience or pale as — O , my , me unsatisfied I — I aright am . have't name , Dane . conquest warlike What my Young my I Horatio my from th'election news crows . He my prophesy the my occurrents the . I live O This quite to potent The my him I my my tell my To Fortinbras cannot poison die o'er But Fortinbras do and voice less , rest , thy this to thee Good come the Where it havoc this in thine proud eternal at . toward feast That England this is so bloodily sight on this tell quarry This this this The And So this What this The thou is that from commandment should come ; dismal have thanks ? bodies , can , to cause voice whose let his to now shall vantage in I of mouth from to some that call us to heads deliver it fortune kingdom invite speak to to on , for , to passage his war to sight this . a peal much shoot amiss editions old — the . of shows a here Such him the for loudly the bodies bid the off renamed one after part of GUTENBERG the , royalties anything charge license purpose trademark not paying registered Terms General paying copyright without the copying protect Gutenberg to Project works , electronic trademark license Gutenberg and concept royalties . and of the Gutenberg of do practically ANYTHING of not the You terms or distribution electronic license in and reports eBook , nearly printed works especially modified be may , protect by Project , by Section . indicate the by and by the all copies of by you agreement this by all . by any of by available gutenberg Terms , A possession whom in is the the by be to things . that without even . paragraph Gutenberg help . on or entity the Project Gutenberg electronic or . C below agreement There with works are preserve Project owns a , collection located prevent creating right United and references in free Project works you to compliance terms the that to work is from the by domain in all United , States , the in United the , do not hope Gutenberg we long as promoting as , keeping Project sharing of mission the the govern License work when located also countries addition works The of States any , the Gutenberg is references status the , creating or Project concerning the other . The access which Project the phrase on This eBook of . other performed prominently whenever the www at Project copy , org away or this you to before using If - eBook copyright anyone are the the permission law of to Project . you , work . the . phrase you in not is work electronic . is or copied posted with distributed must or If Project through Project work . your Project holder this work License Additional Project work Gutenberg Project the and E Project or . use . E . and Project , full Gutenberg Project of Project any this Gutenberg part a , Project or . the this without the distribute containing files with , with , fee cost additional format used you , Project However or form of convert Gutenberg to to set part display any the . terms paragraph in Gutenberg in work Gutenberg website its E , include viewing Gutenberg . E to alternate a charge comply or distributing with may You to access a of or any access distributing for . format no a License a obtaining Vanilla E unless . you provided fee Gutenberg Project of E to of Archive to a You about marked date calculated works using fee has are s all destroy Project of . donations full donations of or a address prepare returns you donations Foundation as any donations periodic money within in such works the of donations of the donations works discovered donations money comply you of to Project donations group or wish work a for , provide paragraph . all does not agree to paragraph copies in to a user paragraph . reported paragraph work electronic You You . paragraph any F Project . the paragraph below Archive Literary in paragraph . Gutenberg inaccurate , other , or incomplete disk , Despite do to contain electronic works effort not identify the . not or intellectual not a cannot LIMITED not for electronic . not of . medium . not not Gutenberg Gutenberg not fees . this of electronic RIGHT work the money the defect written received with the written work your receive within OR OF REPLACEMENT if any you receiving must entity a lieu in choose may opportunities the for Except . F the or of entity second opportunity copy is also further work limited 'AS problem a of the give to demand limitation of forth the of in this set not F . do exclusion be shall law any damages . the If by of this associated of expenses distribution a Project Gutenberg or any Gutenberg distribution Project , modification aged of all walks of the provide hundreds Project collection the will Gutenberg's Gutenberg the to - the efforts people generations Project was Project the the of life the available the Gutenberg electronic Project including the Archive and freely they ensuring are for your about corporation Literary Gutenberg . remain organized Foundation's tax . business . and are S . Archive NJ and The U laws can at information USA official . be about , deductible tax EIN to your full Gutenberg laws . extent the links state's contact gutenberg Donations - Archive Archive to Literary Archive www . org Gutenberg Archive Archive of widespread be donations Archive a United regulating laws the Archive exempt by the Archive can donate in solicit not in is where accepting any or DONATIONS with we we against visit do status written of gutenberg do not we donors are . www Information S treatment laws accepted forty . was with only he of the originator electronic created years several of network by printed produced Thus particular eBooks Hart please General S Michael concept shared Gutenberg anyone a of with Gutenberg eBooks unless a at www includes make to to facility , donations help our how Foundation to email information the Gutenberg new hear